, THE OLD HOUSE OF DUNTHEIM. A STUDY IN PSYCHOLOGY. ? BV GOEDON STABLES, M.D., R.N., Author of " Leaves from the Log of a Gentleman Gipsy," &e.; "When I came of age I had no lack of invitations' out. Was I not young and wealthy, therefore eligible ? Thus match - making mothers must have argued. Plain ? Yes, somewhat plain as to looks, but then, gold fcilds all, prt-n as love conquers alL " I could not hide from myself, nor did I ee» k to do so, the fact that I was homely in appearance. I was at times the first even to call attention to it jokingly in company, for more than once I have heard ladies, while conversing together, make such remarks as the following— "' It is the heart alone that I should look to. 1 never would marry a man for his handsomest ss, nortefuse to marry him, were he ever BO uf:ly, so long as he was good and brave.' " Good and brave ! I am sure I was never wicked from a worldly point of view, but I know not whether I have ever had any bravery to apeak of. "I was just a little leas alone now, for Although I did go out, did go to parties, picnics, aud even balls, I fear, I was oold and distant. I was much moved and flattered by mammas, . if not their daughters. Yet, strange to say, I jneferred an hoar alone on the river with my tithing rod, or on the hills with my gun, to dayB spent in society. " It seemed all BO shallow, all so fake. " Fears went by, and still I was alone. "Yet dazing all these years I pined,' yes, positively pined, for the society of some one who might understand and—love me. "Mnsic was one of . my chief delights. I sang and I played well on the zither, and was glad enough always to play and sing when asked; for even in company, while so engaged, I was really and truly alone, and only awakened from a happy dream by the applause which invariably formed the sequence to my performance. I got sick of society at last, and determined to traveL "Better a millstone had been tied around my neck and I had been cast into the middle of thesea.| " It was at an old-fashioned Alpine village, high up among the pine-trees—a place that bus Bince become a health and pleasure resort— that I finally took up my abode, after many devious wanderings. It was the custom of the hotel to register names and addresses. I was not travelling incog., eo wrote down my fall name and that of my estate. "At the time of my stay there were but few residents at the Alpine hostelry. But returning home one evening from the hills I had occasion to cross a lawn at the back of one of the gables of the inn. From a ground floor room, the casement windows of which were open, light streamed out and sounds fell on my ear, the sweetest ever I had listened to in my life. After all, it was but a young girl singing to the zither—sweetest of all music that can ' accompany the voice. " I could not help advancing a step or two, and there I stood rivetted to the spot. " There were two people in the room—a tall, handsome and dark gentleman, who sat near the table, his eyes fixed upon the girl, who seemed but little mate than a chilfl. '' But oh 1 how fragile and qnall—yet beautiful 1 Every movement was graoeful—every look, entrancing. Yes, I had fallen in love. It had struck me as a fire catches a sun-dried forest tree. "The music ceased, and, before I was aware, the sweet singer had ran oat into the starlight. '" She screamed when she saw me. " I hastened to apologise most profoundly. The music, I said, was so ravishing, I could \- not help drawing near to listen, more especially as the zither was my own favourite instrument. " They pressed me to enter—to be seated—to King. The gentleman ordered wine; and how the evening fled till long past 12 is to me a mystery, for I did not seem to have been in the room a minute till it was time to leave. " We met next morning at breakfast. Little Una was more lovely than ever, more engaging, fascinating. I felt I could lay down my life for the child, who at most could scarce have been seventeen years of age. "The gentleman she introduced to me as her brother, and together we three spent many a long day among the pine-trees and on the mountains. "A somewhat strange coincidence appeared to take place just four dayB after the commencement of oar acquaintance. Bong down early, I found on the breakfast-table letters for jrivFclf, and a letter for my dear girl's brother. -At.<] this last bore the postmark of L , the in meat post town to Duntheim. I was wondering at this, and had the letter ii» J' hand when Una herself entered. When 3\. 1 landed her the letter she changed colour e- mcwhat, but recovered immediately from her c» illusion. '"A letter for my silly old brother,' she enid, pouting, 'and I had expected it was for poor little me.' \- " A pacg of jealousy shot through my heart. Perhaps she had a lover. " Edwin, the brother, seemed unusually gay ' after reading - the letter. The Wo went off together after breakfast, but returned in an IK ur. • • "' We're going to have a sylvan picnic,' Edwin said. ' It will be delightfully cool high np among the pineB all to ourselves. A young 'Ittfly has taken pity on me, and I suppose you *»KI Una will agree for one short day.' * For a lifetime!' I -exclaimed, taking her bald, She blushed, but smiled. " On honour,' she cried; * that looks vastly like a proposal. Edwin, bring the zither, you know. . . *' What a very happy day we spent! /' Una and I strolled away after lunch and viiqposely lost ourselves. s" In the gloaming -we were walking silently •fcack, hand-in-hand, through the beautiful woods. "I stopped and turned towards her. "Our eyes met. Mine must have told the old familiar tale. ."Una,' I said, 'for a lifetime! Could it heV "' Yes,' she murmured. "I had almost to lift the child off the ground —I beingBO tall, she ao tiny—then her red lips xuet mine in one long enthralling kiss. "These pages," this strange manuscript vent on, " are not meant to be dwelt on by any eyes save mine, nor shall they ever be, else no line or word of mine should attempt to describe the happiness of that one evening in I the pine woods. But mayhap when old and •lone, -as I always must be now, these lines may 66r*e to refresh my memory and bring me back the happy past. "Howthe time flew that night! Is there any bliss like the lover's, I wonder, in this world or the next? Is there any bliss in this world at all save and except the bliss a lover feels in the sweet society of her he adores ? Moon and stars rose ana shimmered through the trees. We hardly noted them, They •were but the framework in which our great joy was set. "But with greater ease than I possessed, Una was the first to descend from heaven co arth. '"How very late it must be!' Bhe said, starting. 'And poor brother will think we are lost.' "'And yet,' I said, ' how quickly the time lias fled, and how happy I have been.' "' And I too. But, come, darling. Come.' "It really was late, and yet Edwin awaited «B on the lawn. I could see the red tip of the (agar he was smoking as he lounged under a tree, even before he advanced from the shadows to meet us. '"Oh, you truants !' he cried, laughingly. Una ran and threw herself into his arms, and lie held her there, kissing her as she whispered to him. " Was she not telling him of her happiness— of our happiness. " How blind is love ! "Then Edwin, still holding Una in one arm, extended a hand to me, which I grasped fraternally. " 'And so,' said Edwin, 'you are poing to take away my one ewe lamb.' " 'I'll make the lamb happy,'I replied, 'and our tie, Edwin, will be a double one. I am mow your friend, I shall soon be your brother.' "Edwin and I sat up for hours together Jbuilding castles in the air, but Una retired early. She looked sad, and more than once I thought I noticed tears in her eyes. What eould it mean?" I CHAPTER IV. MURDER. "All too quickly sped awav the few weeks that intervened betwixt ,„,_ " _ __ j^r.y. — vur engagement ana in ferriage. To me they were one continued dream of ioy and bliss. Had I not little Una, my child bride, my all in all, my more to me than life itBelf. " It was the evening before our wedding, for We were to be married at this very hostelry, and by the village padre. I had missed Una for a time, and found her at last sitting pensively beneath a pine-tree in the forest. I approached on tiptoe, but she hardly started or looked up when I placed my hand on her shoulder. " I sat down besides her, and her gold hair floated over my breast. . "' My more than love,' I said, kissing her lips and eyelids: ' why BO sad on this eve of »U eves ? " 'Oh,' she replied looking down, 'because «ow, for the first time, I begin to think how unworthy I am of your love, and all of you would bestow upon me, I have nothing to bring you in return.' , "'Nothing, darling?' I answered, raptu- *Ouely. * Yon alone and your love are more to me thanall the world contains beside.' "'But I have neither friends nor relations on c-aith save EdwiD, and we are poor—so poor. And I greatly fear that poor Edwin has been extravagant. " ' Hush, dearest, hush ! Have I not wealth enough for all, and what were wealth if it brought me not happiness. You are mine,' and all I possess is yours. And Edwin shall not be forgotten. He shall stay with us.' " She shuddered in my embrace. '• • Not that, dear, not that,' she said; 'he shall come to Duntheim—sometimes.' "Then we talked on other subjects, and talked and talked as lovers will, till gloaming fell, and high over the woods shone the bright, round moon. "Married and back to Dunthiem. Neighbours called at first as in duty bound, but they soon dropped off. We had few invitations out. I was no longer invited to picnics and balls; I was no lcnger 'eligible.'. " At this seeming slight I was happy and pleased. Did it not give me more of Una's Bweet society ? I went nowhere at home without her. Not even to the hill, and much of our time was spent on the beautiful river, or by its green and flowery banks. " Edwin came periodically. On business connected with my estate I had to absent myself for a few days every month, and Edwin was always at Duntheim then. This arrangement pleased me; I could not bear the thoughts of my young wife being left entirely alone. Blind fool that I was ! Madman ! Edwin was on the eve of some great electrical discovery that should revolutionize the science of war. Want of funds was his only drawback. Experiments were expensive; yet for Una's brother what would I not have done? So I opened wide my puree-strings and Edwin never left the old nouse of Duntheim with empty pockets. " One year passed away; two years. No child had come to bless our union. Edwin must have had many thousands from me. "And still he came. But now I began to notice that Una was paler and more pensive than of yore, and that the visits of Edwin seemed to worry and annoy her. " 'It is for your sake, dearest,' Bhe told me, 'forEdwin, Ifear, is improvident and rash, and you are so good, oh, so good!' " She burst into tears, and I hastened to oomfort her. But she must see a medioal man; I insisted on that. I, myself, should go to town and bring him down at any risk and any expense. So on this mission I departed, with the intention of being back in two days time. But I felt ill at ease. Coming events cast their shadows before. I left Sir Reginald Bheum to follow on, and next evening I was at the village soon after sunset. Not being expected there was no one to meet me, but the night was fine and Btariy, and I determined to walk home through the woods alone. " I reached our east lawn at last. The casement window of the best sitting-room was wide open, and I could hear voices in angry contention. Trembling like an aspen leaf, I cautiously approached and peered in through the foliage of a climbing rosebush. " In the centre of the room stood Una, her Yorm erect, her hands clenched, her eyes flashing, her very teeth showing anger. "' I tell you it shall not be,' she was saying, ' I shall no longer be your slave. Curse you where you stand, you shall not. I love him. I love him, "' You defy me?' he hissed, 'I can ruin you.' "' Ruin me ! Fiend, you have already ruined me, but I bid you beware. Come bat here again and you—shall—repent it, briefly, but for ever.' " She hurried quickly out of the room. *' Edwin's face was ashy pale. He shook his clenched fist at the door by which Una had retreated and I felt I could have throttled him on the spot. "' She—fiend! Devil 1' he cried. ' But bitterly shall you rue your devilment.' "Then he hurried out by the casement, brushing so closely past me I could have seized and choked him, as my fingers itched to do. "I loitered for fully half an hour in the garden, then advanced to the house by the hall door. Una was in tears, as I expected she would be, but she rushed into my arms and sobbed as if her very heart would break. "' Don't ever, ever leave me again,' she cried,' I shall go mad it you do.' •'I knew she loved me then, bat alas! my joy had turned to dead-sea fruit, and I felt that my happiness was soon to end, and that ere long I should be once more alone. " A whole month passed by, and Una was beginning to recover something of her old gaiety and cheerfulness. We had chosen the turret chamber not only for our sitting-room par excellence, but even for our bed-chamber. It was so light and airy both morning and evening, and we werehighaboveall the depressing gloom of the trees. "Hither we had brought our musical instruments and our favourite books, and even when the winds bowled and raved around the house, with the red curtains drawn and bright fire ' burning in the grate, this room was snug and comfortable in the extreme. { "I had never mentioned a word to Una about the scene in the red sitting-room, to which I had been an unwilling witness. Why should I vex her? | " One evening, not feeling over well, I had | retired early to rest, leaving Una reading at j the escritoire. I had fallen into a deep sleep from which I awoke refreshed after a few hours. . " Una was gone ! I "I thought little of this, and must have dozed again, wakening after a time with the sound of the opening door. Una stood there, her face as pale as Mat of a ghost, her eyes unearthly bright and her hair dishevelled. | "I sprang out of bed. I "'Something has frightened you, child?" I | exclaimed. "' Yes,' she muttered. ' I have been down in the drawing-room. I was looking out of the | casement when near the cliff, I beard a cry and 1 saw a light, I—I—' Then she fainted, and I laid her gently on ' the bed, forgetting my own pains in my distress for her. "Next day was an eventful one.. Una was in a burning fever. Nor did she recover complete consciousness for weeks. " Towards the afternoon I strolled out with my favourite dog, unconsciously taking the little pathway that wound around a portion of | the cliff top. The dog was on ahead, when I suddenly I noticed him pause and sniff the air; then BO diBmal lifting that bis it head chilled he my gave very vent blood. to a howl, " I rushed forward. "God help me, what was this! Edwin stretched on his back, his sightless eyes upturned to the sky, and all about him a pool of . blood and swarms of buzzing flies. j "I thanked Heaven then, that Una was ill, j and that to a great extent her mind was a blank as regards everything that was going on ' around her. This was so at most times, bub i | always towards evening she used to awake, as 1 if from a dream-troubled deep, and gaze for a • time bewilderingly around her. I "I spent all the time I could spare by her bedside, and not only did I bring medical advice from London, but the best nurse I could procure. '"Would it be advisable.' I• asked the doctor, ' to tell my wife now of her brother's . death?' " I knew before I put the question what his answer would be, but I desired to lighten my own responsibility; for the weight upon my mind was indeed a heavy one. "And what of Edwin? Was this death of < his murder, or was it suicide 1 "An answer to the question was forthcoming at the Court soon holden, after the authorities had been communicated with. But this case was undoubtedly a puzzling one. " It was I, myself, who had first found the body. Hoping against hope that life might not yet be extinct, I had hastily summoned assistance. My men-servants carried posr Edwin to a lower room and laid him on a bed ; then medical aid was speedily obtained. " Yes, life had fled, I " In that lower room, on a dark July forenoon, the members of the Court of Inve^ti^a- : tion assembled, but not to sit. No, for I soon '• discovered that I had erred in bringing the body from the spot where I had found it. " So back we bore the ghastly burden to that cliff top, and by my own hands it was placed in the very position in which it had previously i lain. It was a sickening duty, but it had to be performed. ! "All the information Icouidgive I volunj teeibd without hesitation. I "My wife had been startled by a terrible : cry, and after that all was still, j " My domestics had heard nothing, and iudeed, were all in bed. But did not that very cry which had so alarmed Una prove that assau't and murder must have been committed ? , Those who commit suicide die and give no I sign. _ " Yet on this question, strange enough, the • Uourt WfeTB divided in opinion. It was actual proof of murder Jjayuur 1 00m^itted) several Of thehi averred, that the deceased had been heard to scream. It might be but the cry | of despair which urged the wretch to do the fatal deed. I " Another factwhich surely pointed rather to murder than to suicide was that no weapon was found near the body. "But some of the Jury declared that many an instance had been recorded of suioides pitching knife or poison cup far from them as 1 soon as it had been used, i " Besides, if murder was really committed, I what was the raison d'etre ? Absent in this case surely. No one in the old house of Duntheim bore the unfortunate man any grudge. | " Was he not loved by all ? "Even the domestics respected and liked him. I "Nor could plunder have been the motive for murder, if murder there really had been, for his money and valuables were left untouched. ! Nor was there the least evidence anywhere of a struggle having taken place. "The body, too, had been found lying at the cliff top, over which a knife could easily have been thrown by the feeble hand of even a dying man. | A verdict of fdo dc ac was therefore brought I in by the Court, for Edwin, it was proved, had been in Ead pecuniary trouble, and really fleeing from justice. " And so he was laid in his grave in a little copse close by the banks of the Wye, for in no holy ground could his remains be permitted to rest. " But the mystery remained, and though it might be forgotten by all, it ue\ er could be by ; me. "lfcel," this strange manuscript went on, i " I have little strength left ine to write more, ! so down the curtain must drop on the last and ! most fearful act in this my sad life drama. 1 " Una for long weeks had been so low and : depressed that I had fears for her very reason. j Long fits of weeping would be succeeded by i hours of apparent listless apathy and silence, ! during which she would sit in the easy chair, i apparently seeing nothing, hearing nothing. ' She gently repelled all my advances too, and i my most endearing attempts to cheer her up ; elicited no response. | " Ah, well do I remember the silent moonlit i night in autumn. I remained longer below than usual to nurse my grief. Una, I thought, ' might be in bed and asleep r before I returnsd ' to the turret chambers. How silent the house • was everywhere as I went slowly up th6 stairs j towards the tower! The servants, even Una's maid, had long since retired, and through the ' tall narrow windows the light crept in like ) sheeted ' ' ghosts, * " A strange and unaccountable feeling of fear took possession of my heart, and hardly had I courage enough to open the chamberdoor. " Una was seated in the easy chair. She was dressed in some light gauzy material, and never had she looked more beautiful as she rose and confronted me. "I advanced. "I-would have taken her in my arms, but her lifted palm forbade. " Although her language was simple and her words brief^ there was a dramatic force in them and in her every action that held me spellbound. She talk very quietly, but in a voice that was oh, so tired, so weary. '"I am going on a long journey, husband,' she said, ' and I have that to say to you it had been better you'd known long ago.' " 'A journey, Una, I' "' Do not interrupt me, my time is very brief. I and Edwin have deceived you from the first. Oars was a plot—a conspiracy against you, against the kindest, dearest heart that ever beat.' " The tears were streaming over her face now. Yes, it was Edwin who proposed it. Well, wc looked upon you as a pigeon ripe to pluck, and ail too easily did you fly into the net. Husband, can you forgive me, and sometimes pray for your unhappy Una ! Edwin was no brother of mine. I was at k is mercy, as you were at ours. But oh, husband, I learned to love you, and when I desired to be freed from the accursed fetters that bound me, Edwin threatened to ruin me. I was to continue to rob you or be exposed.' "She paused, and while I sank enfeebled into a chair, the cold sweat on my shaking knees, she touched a spring on this very table, and a blood-stained knife was exposed to view. "'I slew Edwin,' she said, smiling now, 'I'm glad I slew Edwin.' -" 'Una,' I cried, 'can this be true?' She made no reply for a second or two, then quickly advancing, she placed her fingers through my hair as she was wont to do in the days of old. " Then Bhe kissed my brow. j I 1. 1 " 'Good-by, husband, dear husband.' " I looked up, gasping. " I tried to seize her, but she was gone, Gone through the little door that led to the tower roof. All- my energy returned now, and I dashed up after her. •* Too late. " I gazed over the parapet, and with her kiss upon my brow, with her last focd words still ringing in my ears, with the touch of her fingers still on my hair, I could see the flutter of her white garments in the moonlight as she fell down, down, down, over the cliffs to the brown river beneath." Thus ended this strange manuscript. Thus was told the strange story of the old house of Duntheim. I am not superstitious, but I would not have Btayed alone in that tower another night for all the cold in England's Bank. I thanked Heaven that Jackson came home unexpectedly that evening. We read the story over again after dinner. "But," he said, "do you really think it was her apparition you saw the night before last?" "Jackson," I Baid, "I do not. I am, you know, a student of psychology." "Then how can you explain?" "Thus," I said, "although I cannot now recollect it, without doubt I must have discovered the manuscript and read it before going to bed at all, and the rest was all a dream, created by the sad story I had read." "But your naked footsteps on the turret roof?" " The result of somnambulism on my part, instances of which are not rare even iu healthy individuals under certain conditions of cerebral excitement." "You medical men," said my friend, "must Always find a matter-of-fact doorway to lead you to an explanation of every mystery, but" " But what, Jackson ?" "But," he said, smiling, as he helped himself to the walnuts, " there may be—mind you, I only say may be—more things in heaven or earth than we dream of in our philosophy." THE END. 