Footjlight Flashes. THE WALTER BENTLEY SEASON. 'Hamlet' at the Garrick. SIRS. BEUNAHD-BEEUE AT, TUE ROYAL. An Artistic Triumph. ' : LAST NIGHTS OF THE B. AND B. SEASON. Two New Pieces. To-night, ' Fedora .' ?? , ','?;??' 7 and .'.'.Engaged.'- ?.?','; ?.'.'-. ' ?;'? tost Nights of '.' Little Jnck Sheppara '— '?; .'' Randolph the Reckless 'on Saturday - ' — BHlie Barlow's Benellt— Frank ?' Smith's Entertainment at. the Alhnmbra— And tho ? Latest ..,' .?:'.. ; Theatrical News and ; ? ? Gossip. Tliore was a largo and cordial audience at tlio Gavriok Theatre uti Saturday lost, when. Mr. AValtor Bontley coiniiienoeil liis- season witli the production of ' Hamlet.' Ho cannot be otliov than natitsliod with tlio lioai- tinuss of his reoeption or tho warmth of tlio demonstra tion displayed throughout tlio play. In appearance, ivir. jjuncioy is tail, weii-tormcu, with a decidedly . intellectual faco,. and he dressed -the part uorfuctly. Tho vorsion which Mr. Bentloy put before 119 is in some respects original, and so altered as to make the play termiim.t'j at tv reasonable hour; the principal omission bailiff that of the gloomy first scono of Act I. This allows tlio play to oommeucD. witli. n. bright scene— that of the Throno-room in '.the Cantlo. Wo can not but think the omissions mentioned are an improvement. Mr. JJoiitluy in. somo of tho leading cities of New Zealand omitted the im portant scone whore tho King is discovered in prayer, and in which Hamlet, seeking revenue, has an opportunity which he noj.'lects to take . advantage .of. Here this is' included,. uud rightly so, for it is important, as showing the irresolution in Hamlet's character. Mr. Uent' loy shows us Hamlet as one simply feigning madness, .and whose madness has method in it, and who is acting with a purpose. Several of tho famous speeches were splendidly given. ' Ho delivorrd tho lines, ' The time is out 'of joint : 0 cursed spite— That ever I was born to sot it right,' with telling effect. Again tho words, 'Tlio play's .the ..tiling wherein I'll touch the conscience of tho King' were so forcibly given as to rouse the audience to enthusiasm. , The. famous lines, 'To.be,. or not to, bo,' were uttered with subdued; passion. Iii tho play scene Mr. Bentley was, perlftips, at his beat, and the audience ap plauded him heartily, although the meeting of Hamlet with his father's spirit, tho scene with Ophelia (really well done) and that in which he denounces tho murderer to tlio Queen, woro well and powerfully given. ' His adyicp to the players was given hi a conversational way, audliore Mr: Bentley was by comparison tho loast effcotive. The termination of the piny scene, also 1 on similar lines to versions given here before, differed in several respects. Ho assists the effectiveness of the play by repeating tho 'speech with the actor, but tho ending, although it may give heightened 'dramatic effect, causes Bomo confusion and tnrbulence, whereby some of tho linos aro unheard, the King and the whole' of the assembled company taking to headlong flight, 'and- in a somewhat original, departure. Altogether, Mr. Beutlby's Hamlet is u performance that unquestionably merits much praise; Tho support accorded, taken right through, was adequate and strong' so far as the principals are coucorncd. Mr. Ireland was nil efficient King, and played with earnestness. Miss Laura Hanson, who appears as Ophelia, has a good stage presence,' but achieved only a moderate success, perhaps in -u- measure due to nervousness. She is hardly strong enough for the part. Miss Watt-Tanner put in . admirable work as tho Queen, but Mias Grace Hamilton had not a truo grasp of tho part of Osrio. However, it must be said that the.part is a very trying, if small ono to play,' and Miss Hamilton did as well as many who have essayed it. Again, sh'o was handicapped by the extraordinary costumo allotted her. This, however, was wisely .altered ou Monday. Ono of tho very best characters was tile Polonius of Mr. Laohlan M'Gowau, who may be heartily congratulated on his really sound work. Mr. H. B. Moborts looked well as Laertes, and Mr. HarryHill gavo a fairly creditable account of himself as Horatio. Tho grave-digger of Mr. W. J?. Olithevoiv was a good performance, and Mr. William South was 'wall placed as tho ghost of Hamlet's father. MiBS May Ellis, as the playo'r Queen, and tho remainder of the cast wore fully up to tho requirements of the case. The piece went smoothly, and as beforemen tioned, the applause bestowed ou Mr. Bentley' and tho other principals was given with a lavish hand. 'Hanilot, 'which again went woll ou Monday and Tuesday, will bo Btaged till Friday, and on Saturday Mr. Beutloy will produce ' David Garriok.' ?:'??' ? ? ?'..??..?- ,:' The Bernard-Beere season at the Royal is unquestionably an artistic success,- 'Masks and Faces' replaced 'As in a Looking Glass' this day week, and in the late Tom Taylor and Charles Reado's comedy the com pany have shown to very great advantage. Mrs. Beere undeniably made'a very great im pression as Peg Woffingtori, and wo greatly doubt if the oharacter has ever been better represented in Sydney, much as wo liked tho impersonation of the character by Miss Janet Achurch a. twelvemonth ago at the Garrick. Anbthbr fine performance was the Triolet of Mr, Herbert Standing, whose make np was wonderfully good and clover. To-night, Sardou's great play .' Fedora ' will bo pro duoed. Mrs. Bernard Booro is the original English ropresontative of the title role, having created the part and playpd it for two con secutive 'seasons 'at' the London Hay market, where she took, the play-going world by storm. It is. admittedly Mrs. Beo're's greatest part, and theatre-goers will watch to-night's performance, with the deepest interest. We had- the good fortune to eco Mrs. Beero play this oharaoter in 1886, when sho scored a voritablo triumph. The great tragedienne will be supported by the full strength of her company, and the piece will be mounted in a lavish mariner. The Royal should be paokod from floor to ceiling. '.'Little Jaok Sheppard' has but throo more nights to run at Her Majosty's Theatre, and on Saturday next ' Randolph - tho Reokloss lip to Date will oommence the final wook of tho Billie Barlow season. The run of that favorite burlesque ' Little Jack,'- has been extraordinarily successful, although when one comos to consider the way the piece is, and has beouput on, and thojiamo' and; faino of tho prinoipal artists, it is not to bo wondered at. Teddy Royoo appeared for tho last time as Bluoskin last'uight, and this Bvomug the veteran retires, and Mi. Hairy Bhino resumes hisplaoo in tho cast. As bo foio montioned, ' Randolph tho Eeokloss' is to bo staged on Satuiday noxt. It is abur lesaue in which we are given to understand Mirs Barlow appoars at hor best, and her boat is particularly bard to boat, and ia well known by thin tinio. Tho inoidqutal musio is bright and livoly, tho choruses notably so. It is a 1,1000 that should catoh on. On Friday next Billio B. takos a bonoflt, and boing an immoiiao lavorito is sm-o of a btimpor house. Sho will sing ' Tho Soldior' by spooial re quest. This will satisfy hor admirers in tho gallory who clamor for it nightly. ? ' - ? ? ? ? ? . At tho Critorion to-night 'Tho Country Girl will be roplaood by. 'Engaged,', a threo- aot farcical aomody by W. S. Gilbort. It pan safoly bo said that no produotion at tlio Criterion for; many' a long day pant baB boon moro genuinely suooossful than 'Tho Country Girl; ' Sploudidly ? monnted' and admirably acted by every mombor of the oast, ifwas aii autistic triumph: ' Engagod ' ib to bo stagod for tho first tinio by this ? company. Mr. Bouoioault will appear as Belvawnoy, with Mr.. Tithoradgo as Cheviot Hill, Mr. Peroy Lyndal as Angus M'Alister, Miss Emma 1'emplo as Bolinda, Miss Bronda Gibson as Maggio, and Miss Pattie Browne as Minnie Miss Roinor and Mr. Lawrence also havo important parts, viz., Mrs. M'Farlauo, and Mr. Sympoi'son. ? -'?? .:' .'? ?'???? ;' '?? '?? '.'-.? ? ? Miss Pattio Browne and Mr. Peroy Lyndal probably make thoir final appearances at the Critorion, or in fact any Australian theatre, at all events for somo considerable tiino, as thev aro about to depart for. London. Mr. Lyndal will rotnrn to tho groat metropolis a bettor actor than when he loft; and Miss Browno, wo fool sure, has a great career before hor in England. She will have a wider fioldforhor talent, and cannot well doother than succeod. We believe she will sail by the Opliir, and she will carry with hor the heartiost good wishes of the theatre-going public, with whom she is an lminonso favorite. The last nino nights of tho B. and B. season aro announced, and during this time tho Criterion should be packod nightly. Thero should bo a verylargo house to witness '' Engaged ' to-night. Moasrs. J. C. Williamson and Goorgo Mas grovb arrived in Sydney by tho oxpross from Melbourne on Friday last, Mr. Musgrovo, who looks particularly well afterhis trip, lias come to confer with Mr. -Goodman about futnro arrangements at tho Boynl, and will soon bo off again to London. Mr. J. C. Williamson came to ? malto all necessary ar rangements for the Royal Comio Opera season at Her Majesty's Theatre, whioh com menooson the 18th inst. with -LaCigale.' The season will be of twelve wooks duration, and eight or more pieces are to ' be staged, including ' Marjorio ',' and ' The Merry Monarch.' The operas ' will bo performed under Mr. Henry Braooy's direction. In addition to old favorites, a nmnbor of new artists will bo introduced, including Miss Mario Haltbn, who played tho name part for some months at the Lyric Thoatre, London; Mr. Georgo Lauri, an American comedian ; Mr. Allan Morris, a now baritone. Mr. J. 0: Williamson will make his reappearance in comic opera in the now piece, after an interval of nearly ten years. \- *.' ' ? ? ' ? ' .George Rignold and Company are still doing a good' business at Adelaide with ' Now-a-JJays.'1 A local critic says :—' Mr. William Rignold is never out of touch with bis aiuliouce. Tliore 13 a sympathy between one and the other from first to last. Jack Saxtouisamau'of many moods, and yet so powerful is Mr. Rignold'B interpretation, that whother he is blustering about his money or crying over his returned son, he holds us in complete sway. Ho possesses tho art which thoroughly conceals art. While ho is on the stugo no, one thinks of William Bignohi. JankSiixton, tlio irascible, yet kind-heavted old Vorkshireman, lives before us. It is not employing the languago of hyperbole to say that no fiuer.stage portrait, limn that of Jiioi; Saxton has ever' been presented in Adelaide. It is unique becauso it is perfect. When Mr. Rignold is on the stage you have eyes for no one else;, when he is off you want to go out for a drink. The members of tho company struggle gamely to play up to tho star, but they come in a very bad last.',. ? ' . .. # ? * » The Taylor-Carrington Company are in thoir last nights at tlio Gaiety Treatro, Brisbane, whero '? Called Back ''' and ' The Colleen Bawn ' havo been produced. They journey North ou tour. ' ? tt * Harry Rickards and Company open at the Gaiety Theatre, Brisbane, on Juno 11. They leave today perWodouga for the northern capital. ??' ? ? « . ? ?. ? ' The Melbourne Aitoua says, ' The novel idea ot giving sacred concerts in a city hall is meeting with considerable success at the Rotunda.' As the hall was packed the suc cess was apparently more than considerable. Jerome K. Jerome's farcical comedy 'New Lamps for Old' was staged for tho first time in Australia at the Melbourne Bijou on Saturday. The piece owed not a little of its sucoess to the gbnoral excellence of the act ing. Mr. Brough' scored a great hit as Algernon Postlothwaite. The piece is described as 'a clever tissue o£ nonsense, with a thread. of serious purpose running thronghit; the serious purpose being to dis credit by exhibiting in practical operation the. thoorios of Ibsen and Mrs. Mona Caird witli respect to the conjucral relation or tho sexes, the failuro of marriage as an institution, and the reasons which are held sufficient by the pretty idiots of the Nora Helmer type to justify asudden and impulsive rupture of the nuptial bond.' : ?'.#'?.#' * Mr. Bland Holt produced 'Master and Mail;' at the Melbourne Royal on Saturday before a crowded house. Mr. Charles Glenuoy has become, as great a favorite in the Vic torian capital as in Sydney. . * * # On Saturday eveuing Mr. Alfred Dampier staged ' Help One Another '. atthe Melbourno Alexandra.. , , . . .;?;.??? There was an overflowing audience at the Melbourne Town Hall on Saturday at the fourth Foli concert. , ? .-. At the Molbpurnia Opera House ' Faust Up toDa.ta' is .attracting large audiences. On Saturday Mr. . Lonnen 'saiig ' Killaloe ' iu plado of '.' Enniscortliy.' Ho also obliged with ' Ta-ra-i-a-boom-de-ay,;' dressed iii a costume similar to that worn by Miss Alice Leamar. ' Joan of Aro ' will be staged on the 18th. . ?:;??? .; ? . , ' ? Miss Maggio Mooro and her dramatio com pany, who have had an exoeptioually success ful careor in the north, returned to Brisbane and left again for Newcastle, playing at Ipswich, Toowooraba, Tamworth, Armidale, and Singleton en route. Miss MaggioMoore's reception at Townsville and Charters Towers was particularly gratifying. Among the plays produced was ' Struok Oil,' with which Miss Maggio Moore's namo has for years been almost inseparably connected, and in which this lady has scored many a Buccess. Mr. John Fordo was also heartily appreciated in the north.' '''..' ', '- ' '.??*? ? ..., ? ??' ?? ? '-.-. '. ? ?-? ? '.-.?' ? 'Bluetail Fly ' Billy Barlow had ap peared at Feilding, Marton, Hunterville, and Wanganui when last heard of. He is received everywhere with wonder, for he is about, three-score and ten years'of age. .'.?.'.. The Montague-Turner Opera' Company have olosed the Auokland season (says a New Zealand exohauge), which was a financial and artistic success.. ? They played for throe nights at the -Thames, and then left for the .°onth-.., ?.???,-;? ». . ??? '?'? Week- after week, Mr. Frank Smith puts on a really admirable bill at his hall in tho Haymarket, and'affairs aro oortainly booming. He has collooted together a. host of good and clever ipe'ople'; good vocalists, funny y ondmeu, variety p'eop'lo, .who in their own special lino want' a lot of boating, and the public have at last fully roeopnised this. The Alhambra is well worth visiting. . The Becond prbauotion of Pollard's LHipu tion Opera Company, 'The Mikado,' has been a tremendous suooess 'at Adelaide. Crowded houses havo been the rule, and the season cannot1 avoid' boing profitable to tho management. In future tho Sunday evening conoerts at the Ro/al Standard Thoatro will be under tho superintendence of Mr. Larmour, of Coogoe. ?he best talent only will be e'ngagod. ? « ? Professor Simon, with his ' grand prize and gift presentation ' entortainmont, was at the 'own Hall, Wost Maitland, last week. « ? ? Tho Prinooss Comio Opera Company was at Wost Maitland last week. Tho final produc tion was ' Falka.' ? ? ? Miss Janet Achurch has taken the London Avenuo Theatre until Christmas next. ? ? o, 1 Mibb Jennie Lee, who is identified with so many lucoossful performances of ' Jo,' is to bo tondorod a farowell bonofitat the Melbourno Princess' Thoatro on Saturday attornoon next. A very atti-actiyo programmo is being ar ranged, and noarly ovory theatrical artist in Melbourno has offered to assist. * ? ? Whon last heard of tho Wilson-Forbes Dramatio Company was at tho Albert Hall, Bourko. ' Hold by tho Enemy,' ' Sontonood to Doath,' and 'Fritz ' drew big houses. Miss Virginia Vivionne is with the oompany. From The Times off Obylom we' see' that Frank Brown's oirous had just arrived at Colombo from South Africa. Mr. Bert Willison is tbo oirous manager, 'Iolantho' was produced at Brisbane Opora House, on Friday, by J. C. Williamson's Royal Comio Opora Company. The oompany so far have had a successful season. : * # ? '?/ . ?-. Tho London Fioaeo says the Krogstadt (in A Doll's House ') of Air. Herbert Flemming is admirable. .''??'. : * '?'.'??!.?'?:? Tho Ir.LnsTBATKD Sporting and Dram atic News to hand by tho last mail contains a front page portrait of Nollie^towart. ; Miss Blanaho Lewis will take a leading part in Mr. George Bignold's productions in Mol bourne. Mr. Cosgrove will also appear with this company. ? .',..-?.?' 