HOW THEY GAMBLED IN ANCIENT EGYPT. (FiOf THE ' Satohj/aY Buview.') Whsn 8:tnau, fome years he'ore the Exodu- of the Israelites visited 1'iahncfer k* in his tomb, and in is4ed on obtaining tho magical book, as we road in the fourth volume of tbe Records of tho Pa*t , be made a proposal to the ghost. He would play a game of 62 points for the possession of it. Then, we read, tte ghost of Pt.ib-nefer-ka ' accepts the proposal but attempts to cbestt Eetoau, and is found out by him, and Josts the game.' The demotic pajiyrus, on which sures of the Museum of Gizch, having been discovered in a box at Thebns, together with a number of hieratic and later documents, wkicli had belonged to a Coptic monk and been buried with bim. This is only *no of many ancient allusions to gamos of ciianoe nnd of skill, and numberless ivory dice have been found in tombs. It is curious to note that these dice, which are sometimes of beautifully colored porcelain, are often loaded. When the ghost cheated Setnau be apparently did nothing tbat was out of the Chesa men also frequently oocur. They are somntimes of ivory beautifully carved, and represent grotesque human forms. The che»smen exhibi'ed Jit Manche°ter in 1887, and afterwarde presented by Mr Howarth to the liritish Museum, are hous' heads and uTe made of a hard brown w„od. Mr. Falkener accepts the 'fceory put forward in the Manchester cata logue that these pieces and a chair, which was also presented to the museum by Mr. Houarlh, actually belonged to the gTeat quteu, Hatfhepsu, of the Eighteenth Dynasty — that is to say, some 1600 years before tbe Christian era. This iomaine to be proved ; but if the broken cartouche which accom panies Horn, and ilis caived ornament of tbe chair, are of the same hard woud as the men, it would go far to c-ati.f y the most sceptical. But that the Kgjjiliana of that period, and long before, did play at various games, some of tee most gamoling character, and others clcsely te:embling chess and draughts, there cannot be the Blighte3t doubt. In the tomb of one Ri-sbepses or Phepsesra, who lived at the time of the king of the Fifth Dynasty, {while they were BtiU building pyramids for royal FepulchrcB, there are representation-' of two games. One is calledjuSenat,'' and consista of a board, 'men,' and pieces exactly similar to those still teen at the door of a coffee shop in E?ypt, dome shaped, sometimes of wood, sometimes of ivory, and usually colored green and red. 1 he other game is called 'Han,' the jar, or bowi, aud may have been played wiOi a cup for dire, like backgammon. The board in Han is circular. Was it a kind of roulette.7 Tho game with pieces iB represented at Bent Hassan in a picture of the lime of the Twelfth Dynasty. It was not chess, but more like a kind of draughts. The same or a eimilar game is represented at Medinet Haboo, tbe sepulohral temple of Ramesea III , of the Twentieth Dynasty. It if Dot possible to tell with whom the king is ieprsented as playing, as the sculpture has greatly decayed ; but there can be little doubt that the performance is supposed to takr place after death. In a late papyrus in tbe British Museum there is a grotesque representation ot a lion playing with an an telope. The late Dc. Birch w&b; of opinion that there were six pieces to each player, and that they were arraaged parallel to the player?, and that as tbe game advanced 'tbepiucrs were played side by tide, and probably tucfk: la:eraliy.' Some boa-ds h&7e come down to us and are in tbe British Museum and at (rizeb, as well asin private collections. The puzzle about them is that they are not all alike. The same at which Pcah-nefer-ka'a ghost tried to cheat Setnau seems to have oeen something wholly different, and the ' fifty-two points' perhaps refer to the pips on dioe. One Egyptian game waa known as Ta-u — tbat is the Robbers — and this Mr Falkener in bis book on Gainr*, Ancient and Oriental, would identify with the Roman latrurfiili ; but Mr Falkener finds out iu the coaise of hi; investigations that Dr. Birch 'cannot be trusted.' He palpably con tradicts himself in various articles, and it waB not always possible to make out his mean* lug, for he certainly bad no gift of lucid exposition. Mr Falkener, however, tries to sum up what he has gathered from Dr. Birch, and we leam that the latrvnrvli or latrone^e or tbe Roman game were originally soldiers, but that by degrees the name be came significant of licentiousness and audacity, as the soldier turned bandit. The game be asserts to be lively and inspiriting and worthy of modern practice. The Greeks oalled the pieceB in their form of tbe game '* dogs,' and tbe modern Egyptian Arab calls hia'kilab,' which is the plural of ' kalb,' a dog. In the game of Ta-u the pieces were called ' ab,' s word which Mr Beaouf in geniously connects with 'ab,' the heart, pointing out its connection with the idea of leaping or playing and deriving our word ' heart' from the Sanscrit root, signifying play or hop. On this evidence Mr Falkener has reconstructed the game. *' Each piecc was an a b, aud, therefore, all the pieces, though moving only one equare at a time ia any direction, could IcAp over an ad versary occupying a contiguous Bquaro, pro vided the next square were open, as in draughts, but without taking it.' lie pro ceeds to give the diagram of a board, and plays a game which occupies, be says, about two hours, but might, no doubt, be accom plished in a much shorter time by practised players. 