' HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION Now, which is the worse — io have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner \ for your appetite ? There uro lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When ' good digestion waits on appotito, and health ou j botn, that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But mo-t of us are not blessed in that way ; wo either have too much food without au appetite, or a pigourous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it ia that, within reasonable limits', it is butter to have an appetite without a dinner, because short of tho starvation lino a hungry man i& a healthy man ; whereus a u-au who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of ' alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a 3Tmmunication in which the writer says, 'I waa afraid to eat.' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. 1 tie says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman for twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself- My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none, was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle with yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. ' I dreaded, 'Lhe says, ' the thpught of eat ing, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. ' After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.' What he means by the fear of ' something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for two yeirs is past my powers of description. Iam sure no one has suffered so much as I hvve done.' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experiance,' only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him, he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been oured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, ' got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me, and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Bailway Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' George Hunt, ' Car Bottom Road, ' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' ' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is. and for what reason. 