" -- E T' g T EW LAC: S A gentleman who was a Colonel in the Confederate Army and is now a resi dent of Chicago, relates many thrilling oliiodes of the war, of which the follow ing is not the least interesting: "I came through the lines-no matter how -on special business, the exact nature of which I don't care to divulge even at this late hour. I was quite a oungster then, comparatively speaking, you know, and had a good deal of the dare devil about me. I went into the war 'frdm'the start. I was one of tie first follows in New Orleans to mount a blue cockade on my hat. Well, as I was say ing, I came boldly up to Chicago. Got through the Union lines in Kentucky, hliere there were many facilities for that. The hedge was full of gaps and letters went regularly through. But I had to be cautious in my movements. The Federal authorities were on the lookout for secret emissaries. I came to meet some parties from Canada. and I'net them, transacted my business, and wont around town for several days Senjoying myself. ;"One morning I received a note from .:a ldy of my acquaintance, who had a kindly feeling for the South and who Swas well posted on current movements. She wrote: 'I learn on undoubted authority that you are known to be in Chicago and that they are on the look '*.out for you. When you get this stay Swhere you are until night and then go StoqMrs. X's, - street, and show her -ithis note. and I think you.willbe all right.'..., "Hero's 'a plrctty mess,' I said to my e'."lf. However, I determined t6 weather 'tli e'gale0 I:had been through many a Sbig battle, but to get in a tight place Slike this was calculated to make a man nervous, as I might be arrested as a spy and shot. I wasn't a spy, however; but I couldn't prove that I wasn't. "I wasn't molested during the day. I 'stuck close to my quarters and, chang ing my clothes and putting on a slouch 'hiat and pulling it down over my oyes I Slaunched out on the street and pursued , my way to the address indicated in the .lady's,note. The streets were pretty .lively with people and a regiment of soldiers was marching down Lake street to the Illinois Central depot to Stake atrain for the front. Fine, strong Syoung fellows they woro in that regi Sment, too, with a band of music playing one of the popular songs of the day. 3 Sgot to the house all right and found the lady to be an old Southern friend. An old friend, but a very young and hand snodme iady, the wife of a very nareeoble Chicago gentleman. 'You'll be all right here,' she said, and I thought so, too. She, her liul.band and I had n very plensant evening together and parted for the night in high spirits. I was tired and went to sleep very quickly. Don't know how long I llept., but I was suddenly awakened by a thundering hnock at my door. I sprang up and founid -miy friend, the master of the o, 'dusleold, pale as a ghost, standing in the I1ll. 'An officlr and a guard are at the ilnrr and you must hide-I don't know where-or we shall be ruined.' "'IGo ahead,' I said, 'and let thoem in. SI'll take care of myself and you shan't be compromised.' '. "It was a desperately rough situation. Just then my friend's wifecame quickly to me! and said: 'Come in here, we must do the best we can and adopt heroic means. Get in there and don't breathe or you're lost.' "She pointed to her bed. " 'Get under the' mattress and lie still as death, and get air when you can.' '"In an instant'I saw her plan. The bed was a large nuo. The springs were large. I pulled up the mattress, juimped in on the springs, and pulled the mattress over me. The lady then returned to her bed and quickly lay down as naturally as you please over me. She wasn't: very heavy, but the mattress was, and. the springs seemed to have edges cutting into my legs and side. "Hardly had we disposed ourselves in this unique manner. when the Lieuten arit and his men were admitted to the house. We could hear loud talking and a deal of profanity as they explored the house from cellar to garret and looked in every closet and ran their bayonets into piles of clothes. Atlast the door of the room opened. The officer touched his hat aud remarked that he couldn't use much ceremony, as the case was urgent. He had been informed and ,was convinced that Col. - was in the Shouse, and he meant to have him. "Mrs. X- pleaded sickness as an excuse for not rising and aiding the search, and said: 'Look everywhere, sir, over the house. There's nobody Shere except myself, my husband, and servants. All the closets and coal-bins and everything are at your disposal. . We have nothing to conceal.' " 'Oh ' said the offioer, 'I've heard all that many a time. I shall have to look all tlirough your room, madam.' "He did. "He looked in each closet; called his , men in and made them run their bayo -c snets into the wall to be sure thero were . no secret closets anywhere. He stooped down, looked under the bed within four sweat. One movement, one creak of a :: spririg, one sneeze,'or hard breath would "have betrayed me. But, after throe minutes of sunpressed vitality, the SLieutonant witlhdrew, muttering: 'This Sis d-d strange.' "Stillhe lingered down-stairs; went into the cellar again, into the back yard, "tore up boards from the floors, and ran: " his bayonets into the lparlor sofas. At :last the gang cleared out, thoroughly disgusted. They did their duty cer ;.tainly, and deserved promotion. S "I waited on those infernal springs two hoiurs before I moved. I was .:ranil Sthey would suddenly cone back. Jhnt they didn't. The guard was kept arouid :- the house until 10 o'clock next morning . and than they withdrew. I spent the i day awith my friends, borrowed a suit ; of clolhes and a hat froim iny frioenl, .shaved my amustache oil, and at. 8 ,o'clock in the evening, taking leave of my kinid protectors, 1 lighted a cigar, ' stepped boldly into the street, and be ., fore midnight was a giod many miles •'Don'my way to the Confederacy. That is what'I call a pretty close shave." 'A PniXTJSn must be a prettj skillful \- surrgeon to set broken type. 