CHAPTER IL RAPE THE PEDLAR'S DISCOVERY. It was tiie year of that Egyptian campaign in which the battle of Tel-el- Kebir had been fonght and won after the long night-march beneath the stars. The British army thereafter entered Cairo, carrying their rack and wounded with them. In the hospital quarters an . officer sat writing at a table. He was dark in complexion, as If he had been for many months under the burning glare of a sub-tropical son ; while the thin and wasted face showed that he had been and still was an invalid. In the regiment he was kaown as Captain Norham, but to the Vicar of Linlaven and to the Captain's young wife whom we saw enter tne v rears study at tne close of the last chapter, ire, the absent one, was simply and more kindly spoken of as George. And it was to these dear ones at home — to his - wife — he was writing now. Let ns look over his shoulder and follow ills pen. ' One evening,' he writes, I had a "strange experience. It was after the receipt of my father's letter in which he informed me that your grand-mother had resolved to settle her own property otherwise than upon yon. I had been In a despairing mood for some days. My wound was not healing well, and I wor ried myself into something like delirium as £ thought ' of the helpless state in which my death would leave you and onr poor children. That yon should be" entitled by all the obligations of natural law and family ties to the provision which your father's mother has it in her power to make for you and yet to be cat off therefrom by a perverse and unnatural act of will on the part of one so nearly related to you— I say, the thought of all tins burned into my brain, and most have goaded me into a kind of frenzy. I do not know whether it was in a state of delirium or in a dream, bat I found myself in the dear old church at . home — the church of Linlaven. I was seated in my father's pew, all alone. It was night, and yet somehow it was -not qnite dark. The church was filled with a soft luminous haze, as of moonlight through obscured glass. I sat, absorbed in the nerfect stillness of the place. Then np in thechnnihtowisr I heard the -bell strike one — two — three — slowly, solemnly — till it had' struck twelve; the last stroke <fying.#wayfo long melancholy vibrations ; and once more the church was ail still as death. I then observed that the wast door was open, and that a white bslt of light lay across the porch. I saw, too, a ngnre scanning there, shadowy ghost-like, and yet alive; He entered, and moved slowly np the aisle nntil he had almost reached the altar. - Bat he did not approach farther, for" at this point he came over towards 'where I . was sitting, then turned and stood before the burial-place of the Norhams of Brathrig Hall. I was close to Dim, ana l Knew mm. my near wife, ltwas your father, ArthurNorham ! I never saw you father in life; and yet somehow I knew that this ghost, or apparition, or eidolon, or whatever It was, was yonr father. I conld have touched him, I was eo near ;butl could not stir. He did not appear to be aware of my presence ; bnt my : eyes iouowea his, and Isaw he was reading the letters on the white marble tablet which records his father's deatb. He stood before it with bowed head, as if in deep dejection and grief, and I heard these vrords ottered: JIe— gone; and I — unforgvoen) At that moment, a crash as of thunder rang through' the church, and the - whole scene disappeared to the twlnkUngnf an eye. I woke up. It was only Sbe sun set gun; sndl mnsthav® been "dream ing. l v v 'I was greatly disturbed by the dream, and am still. That I should identify a man whom I never saw in life, and should feel so sure that he was your father, almost appears to indicate something like an insane delusion on my part, Your father must have quitted his father's house about tbe time of my birth, and so his personal appearance could not be knowu to me. Bnt I will describe him, and my father will judge. axe was aressea in a naing-coac ana boots, his head was unoovered, and his hair was dark, and curled closely round his head. He wore no beard ; but there was not light enongh for me to note his complexion or tbe colour of his eyes. Only, somehow, I knew it was yonr father as surely sb if he had been known to me all his life. I wonder what all tbis portends, and whether it is due alone to my feverish state of mind, or to some other cause which has hitherto shrouded in darkness the mystery of his disappearance.' The above letter, with all its other details of love and longing for absent ones— which' we leave to the reader,! imagination, only giving what concerns our story— this letter written in the hot glare of an Egyptian sun, was that which Wilfrid Norham carried to the vicarage of Linlaven on the night of the fierce October storm. Wilfrid was the Vicar's second son, destined to succeed him in his sacred office. The lady, the wife of the absent soldier, was the Vicar's daughter-in-law, and the sole child of that illfated marriage between Arthur Norham and Esther Hales, tbe annonoce- ment of which at Brathrig Hall thirty years before had led to the old Squire's fierce wrath, driving him onwards within the hoar to a violent death. The Vicar of Linlaven waB of the kin of the Norhams of Brathrig Hall, bnt the tie of relationship was thinning with time, and wonld hardly bear tbe strain of any degree of consulship. But isnxnaiiiii two sons— Caption George in Egypt, and Wilfrid at home — were ofthetrne Norham stock. The Vicar and the missing Arthur Norham had been at Bcbool and university together, and their friendship had been close aod keen. So also had been the Vicar's relations with tbe family at the Hall, till the time came when Arthur went off npon what his father regarded, as a mission of folly, after which the friend ship between the Vicar and the Sqaire somewhat cooled. The latter was angry with his son for quitting the ways of his ancestors, and he was equally angry with the Vicar because he refused to take the Squire's side against Arthur. Nor was the death of the Sqaire the only calamity that followed upon these events. The Squire's lady,now a widow, had hitherto been of a gentle and loviDg nature, particularly fond of her husband and children. But from the hour that she saw her husband's dead body carried into the hall, a change, almost pheno menal, passed over her. Her husband's death had been due to her son Arthur's disobedience. It was much as if he had stuck a dagger into his father's bosom. It was simply murder. The boy had left his home without his father's know ledge ; had married withoat bis father's consent ; had married a low woman they had never seen ; had disgraced the family name, and then had wrote a letter that killed bis father. That was how the grief-stricken mother looked at it, until the bitterness of her soul deep - eued into something like deadly hatred of her son Arthur. Sbe would not allow the Vicar to speak to her on tbe anhionh 'fio Karl aimnlv atrial arid her son in the murder of her huBband. And Arthur himself and Arthur's wife or widow — what calamity had like wise overtaken them 1 Everything that was possible was done to trace Arthur, -but. nothing availed. He had gone like last winters w. .. JJe conld not have wilfully deserted his wife, bcooasg the deepest and warmest affection had al ways existed between them. And she, left with her little baby Clara, was heart-broken, and did not survive mnch over a year. The Vicar's wife was then alive, and, when the young mother died, took home the little Clara, and brought her up with her own two boys, and wae a true mother to the child. Even the fact of . this poor child's orphaned condition failed to soften the wild and unnatural resentment of the old lady at the Hall — Dame Norham, as she was generally styled. She wonld not Bee tbe child ; refused to look npou it. That it was the offspring of her own son was nothing to her ; he had been a wicked and unnatural sou, and had murdered — yes, - murdered — his own father. She had been left by her husband sole executrix of his property and estates, and never, eo long as she mnld heln it. shnntd the chilli nf thin unknown, meanly-bom Esther Hales, own a single shred of them. Her only remaining son, Jim, counted npon succeeding, to the estates of his father after his mother shonld depart this life ; bnt Jim the dissipated yonth had grown up to be a dissipated man — 'had burned, eo to speak, the candle of life at both ends, and had, good ten years ago, passed into a nameless grave in a foreign land. Hia_atatnr. too. had died, unmarried ; and now, the estates and other property, were designed for the possession of a very -distant branch of the family, the Linleys of Lougartb, according to nne naooi one naraeueu vuu mother, whom neither calamity nor death was able to soften. So variously does adversity act and re-act on different natures. Some it ripens into a sweeter and noble fruition; others it dries up and warps into sapless rigidity. All thls.was in the minds of thiB little family groan as they sat there with George's letter before them. To the Vicar it recalled thoughts of Arthur Norham in the days pf tiidr youth and friendship long ago. Yes, he said to Clara, 'tiie appear ance of the figure which George saw in his dream is like yonr father as I last' earn tiim T nmnflf. T TTIIlHb h&V6; described him at some time or other to George, and that the picture I then- drew has lain latent In his mind until recalled to his memoiy while in a state of semi-delirium. Yet It is vety strange and very painful to have the past brought back to me so " vividly as tins dream does.' \- ! No one spoke for a time. Clara was evidently thtaklQg lessaboat the dream and the strangehess of it, .than of her husband's condition in that distant foreign ladd. ere,ln the oouree of his letter, he spoke with much hope of his final recovery to health, she, as she read these words silently to herself, strove with a woman's insight to read between the lines mnch which she fan cied he had left unspoken lest he should add to the sorrow and the hope deferred from which she had already suffered so much. The tears that came unbidden to her eyes were an index of the mental ' It is a shame 1' said Wilfrid, angrily breaking the silence, as he rose and began to walk hurriedly up and down the room. ' What is a shame, my boy P asked the Vicar. ' That ATtbor's own mother np there at tbe Hall shonld act with snch per sistent aod merciless hostility towards her son's children. Wby, Arthor Norham was flesh of her flesh and blood of her blood, so also are Clara and her two children. The woman cannot get rid of that fact ; why, then, shonld she exhibit a kind of savage delight in facilitating arrangements Jto put the estates past them ! I had some talk to day with Mr. Brooks when 1 was in town, and he says everything is prac tically settled, that tbat rascally Linley of Longarth is to have the property, and Clara aod her children are to be left to Btarve, so far as Arthur's mother Is con cerned. I say again, it is woree than a shame — it is a scandal. Why, Arthur Norham did not sin half so deeply agaiost his fother,as sbe, bisown'motber, is sinning against him and his.' Clara lifted her eyes to Wilfrid, and there was a look of gratitude on her face. It sometimes does as good to hear our own feelings expressed for as. The Vicar w«s silent for a while, and then he spoke, calmly, aod as if to check the rising anger of his son. ' ' Yon mast not forget, Wilfrid,' he .said, ' that it is doubtful if Arthur's mother can help herself so far as the Brathrig estates are concerned. No doubt she couiaaua tr -a— eiirio«on and a mother she should — make pro vision for Clara and the children out of her own private possessions. But ae for the estates, that is a somewhat different matter, and she has not quite a free hand. When Arthnr Norham left hh father's house and remained. so many years absent, the Squire, ae a man of perception and knowledge of the world, could not fail to perceive that a young man with the strong and heady impulses of his son, and at an age when youth is peculiarly susceptible, would run a danger of marrying some one in the class of life with which he had now associated himself. However respectable and worthy that class might be, the persons forming it were not such as the Squire, with bis old- world notions of things, could quite approve of as family connections. — Do not speak, Wilfrid ; I am not going to argue the point. — Well, things being eo, he bed made np his mind that, if Arthur sur vived him, he should, married or un married, succeed to the property, being the elder of his two sons. But — and this Is what I draw yonr attention to— if he predeceased his father, and had previously made a marriage without hie father's consent, then tbe children of that marriage were to be completely and perpetually cat off from any benefit in, or succession to, the estates.' ' Ah,' said Wilfrid, 1 that's rather a different story.' ' Yes,' continued the Vicar ; ' that is why I am so much moved by this dream of George's. We found it qnite impos- sible to obtain any clue to Arthur's movements after he left hie home, which was bnt the day before his father's fetal accident. From that time Arthur no longer communicated with the family lawyer, or drew upon the sum of money which was payable to him, as previous to his disappearance he had regularly done. We might, if we were rich, fight theinatb>r out in the courts of law; but the presumption would still remain against as, as we conld not prove that Arthnr Norham was alive at the time ot. his father's death. Nearly thirty years have passed, and the myBtery of his disappearance has never yet been solved. But I agree with you in thinking that Arthur's mother, seeing that she has ample means of her own, ought to make some provision for the future of Clara and her children." For more than an honr the three sat conversing on what lay so near to the heart of each — George's restoration to health, and the sad possibilities that might ensue if the event were not restoration. At length Clara pleaded fatigue, and retired for the night, carrying her husband's letter with her, no doubt to weep and pray over it alone, as good women do. Father and son not saying much one to the other, but smolring together in the silent confidence of friendship, which at snch times is better than talk. The hoar of eleven had pealed ont from the church-tower, when a loud ring was heard at the door-bell. Shortly thereafter Mrs. Sommes, the old house keeper, entered the study. 'Please sir,' she said, addressing the STus' 36$SwdS8& pedlar, have found a pore man sJying to-night on Brathrig Fell, and Lawrence Dale the miller ana some more o" tnem ha' gone up 'and carried him down. They ha' made a bed for him in the Owd Grange, and please, sir, could Mrs. Georee let us have some blankets and wraps to cover the poor man, for gardener says he be as neat dead as ever man can bsf The Vicar replied that Mrs. George had retired for the night, and was not to be disturbed ; but that die, the house- keeper, was herself to give the gardener what was necessaiy. Wilfrid started to his feet, and said he would himself go down to the Old Grange and see what was afoot. The Grange was a tali building just beyond the vicarage garden. The night was now comparatively cairn, ana uae old building could be seen standing ont black against the . Bky.' -From the door way a gleam of tight shone ont ; and on entering; Wilfrid saw the\ pedlar, with some others, standing beside his pack, lantern In hand, and before him the figure of a prostrate man on -a rougn.y extemporised bed, evidently in a Btate of unconsciousness. " Wilfrid put his hand on the man's wrist, and after ' a time satisfied himself that the pulse- was beating— feebly and intermittently, bat" still beating. The gardenw arrived from the vicarage a 1th blankets and other coverings, in which the old man waB carefally wrapt ; and the pedlar volun teered to stay there for the rest of tbe night beside tbe man, and to give warniug to the neighbours if anything happened to render help necessary. Wilfrid thanked him for his kind offer, and bade the men good-nigbt, promising to see the sufferer in tbe morning. The others also retired, all except the pedlir, to whom Lawrence Dale the miller stepped- back a pace, and whispered ; ' Rsfe, I fear that poor creature bas eometbing on bis mind. Tint tsKaf vro K ac hint eae vnnop nn ""J wu the hillside to-night lie a secret between thou and I. It wonld ill become us to bring mischief on gray hairs like his.' And so exit. The cold gray light of morning crept slowly over the silent hills and into the brown dales of Cumberiaod. Tbe wind had died away ; bnt Nature, like an ailing child that has not slept, met the coming day with a dim and tearful look. In the Old Grange at Linlaven the sufferer of yesternight still lay toseiog in tbe weird delirium of pain, and with the fierce light of fever in his eyes. Wilfrid and Clara entered early, and stood together a little distance off arrested in their approach by the wild look nn the sufferer's face. Me heeded not their presence. He saw them not, nor heard. Clara went c'ose up to him, and could note that the pale light of the October morning was revealiug the pinched and worn face of an aged man, with suffering writ large on every feature. He was still in a state of unconscious ness, and the souod9 that escaped his lips were bnt the rapid, nnintelligible, continuous monotone of delirium, which falls so strangely on the watcher's ear. She returned softly to Wilfrid's side, and advised him to send immediately for a doctor. When left alone, she turned once more to where the man lay. 1 Poor creators,' she said aloud ; 1 what can Have tronghtkio -fivey - luuu to tbis 1' The sound of her voice appeared to arrest the attention of the man, and to recall his wandering mind. By a quick movement, but evidently not withont pain, he half raised himself on his elbow, stretching ont the other hand towards Clara with an agitated gesture of appeal. ' Either,' he cried, ia wild, distracted tones — ' Esther 1 ba' thon coomed to forgive me ! Ha' thon coomed to tell me it were all a black mistake— a horrible dream from which I am now awakening 1 Tell me, trnly, Either — tell me 1' And in his eagerness he seized her hand and pressed it to his burning lips. Then, as if the effort had utterly exhausted his feeble strength, be fell back on the rode couch, and his eyes relapsed into their former look of wild and wandering vacnity. If the veil of oblivion had for a brief momeot been lifted from his mind, it must have fallen again ae Bnddenly ; for the room is once more only filled with the hoarse murmur of his inarticulate ravings. Clara, as she dropped bis hand, turned from him with a Beared and bewildered look. Her face was asby pa'e ; and, as Wilfrid at that moment re-entered, she made him some harried excuse and fled ont ioto the open air. She did not stay till she had reached the vicarage and had entered the honse. ' What a strange thing to fancy,' she said to herself. 1 Yet why did he call me Esther! Tbat was my mother's name. It cannot be And she entered her own room, and and shat to the door. (To be continued.) 