SPIRITS, GOO D ASD EVIL. According to psychologists and fcheosoph-1 ists His appearance of wraiths, apparitions, { doubles, ghosts, etc,of both living and dead i is on Hie era of becoming art established fact, j This dan of phenomena is spolcep of in the | theosophic language as astral appearances, i which are risible on the astral plans to Che subtler senses which they torn the astral senses. MxsBesant who has renounced her materialistic teachings and become an ardent «md influential disciple of the later Madam Blnatakf, the great apostle of theosophy, claims that " the weight of evidence is enor mously on the aide of snch appearances; that in all ages of the world hnman testimony has bome witness to their reality." Han/people, no doubt, who possess the asba| senses and who have had experience of pfyuitBsms and apparitions, wQl support this iBaim of the occasional visitation of spirits.: & is a well known fact that many had spirits not only exist but exercise a moot unwholesome in fluence on their victims, An it is on this account that Wol£s*s Schnapps, the purest* best, and most wholesome of spirits, is superseding all others. Beware of imita- j tions-which are worthless shams,* Sfe&BK; Suiiscbikboh notifies that be again commenced horse-clipping for ths, aeason, and that lie is to be heard of at bis residence, corner of Ueaoe and Mary streets. CoKBIDBBABLB interest has been taken relative to the joewetyle of drees-cniting introduced here by Mrs Powell, and her, clwnncn at the 8chool of -Arts are daily increasing numerically. She has now over' 60 pnpfls, which fnelndn many 1 raiding dress- ; makers, who are profiting conoderably from the Dew system which Mrs Powell is teaching them.* Wxbxbb Clothing,-A splendid assort ment the seuon's patterns in Serges and English, Blarney ana -cotchTweeds, ia now beii£ shown Igf time^ Isles and Co, Bris bane. Hie fanflHaw given by <iie Parcel Poet (which is availabte to all towns where rail or steamer rune) are being largely taken advantage of by coantry residents, who can (to wobtom from this, firm Seige salts, made to order, from 52s; Tweed suits, ditto, from 65s., postage indiiiwj. Samples and self measnnmeiii forms free by post on applica tion." " Tee assortment of carpets from Is 9d per yard, linoleums and flooreloliiB from Is lid per square yard, ap is to the best qualities, surpass in TMiety and deoga anjthingyet; shown in the colony. The '. Staines" linoleum so deservedly celebrated for beauti ful cdonangt «nd great durability will be ioimd fait cheaper in the long rnn than the the lower brands,1 and -can be procured at Rnney, Isles, and Oo.'s, Brisbane, only. Buyers should inspect (his film's excellent and reliable stock-* WE axe informed that with a view to hare fiw4nnng for the twenty half sorereigns lit the earliest possible date, T. Carroll, of $he People's Boot Mart, Mosman-street, has determined to dear his preeent stock of boots and shoes at farther reduced prices. He is noir offering Men's Elastic-side Boots at' 5s 313, Men's ISne Teal Oalf Shoes, Ss lid, asaidly sold for 10s 6d per pair. He also has a dainty lot of Iiadies* Bvening Shoes at 3> lid, and 8s lid per pair exhibited in his window, which AmiM .attract 'all ladies' attention in Tiew of tin coming dancing ssasou. The purchaser of o*e pair of any of fte lines named will be .sgttbd to s ticket fcr the drawing of the tw'eulj half. .oraroigM.* . Ounaad lotTCBSR exharitedyesterday, and «fail-osatiniie saifl-<diapa«ad ei, mrne mpiiningly good nine in nnom line# of dana^ed-goada, and .wo- should mj, from l»wiiig<Hiim iilWL'|h»t tteir (tfap wen quite equal to anything in eren the balmiest Snm We Ianbw tfaak tiui _#rin -»jll not indbr £he 'ebtim Ln w wewe fnlimeedtiEe good* mn IbiukL Only p«rt v«f tte go®d» hare yet oome to liMrt,"||infl rmfojmm~ wpttld -dowell to hove Aair *e«tbereTBOpen. :3Qfc vac somewhat - jWHjiiiMiig fanowat of teds done yiiiitljTi1«ri*jfe»", nloe^tTBti, and the Btyle in AiA Jftw 'pad. Unit employer* Irak '"Jto tfaair eiwtomera. liftjliuly jboala «ee 0w« and^^.ulhgr'* ^ood* 