THE SORCERESS. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Authok of "The Ciironiolks of Cahmno FOItD," ""WlIITEEADntS," " ADAH GhAEUE,' &0. An. Rioiits Reserved. Chahter AMI. - Mrs. Hisgswnrd s . opening spcccii was a wonder to hear. She sat and looked at them nil for n moment, trying to steady herself, bat there was nothing to steady hor in what she saw before hor. Aubrey and Bco, the pair who had been so swoet to seo, suoh a diversion in all cironmstanccs, so amusing in t-neir . inncuni 'absorption, so delightful in their romance. It all flashed book to her mind, tho cxoitcinent of Bee's first proposal, tho pleasure of seeing " her bairn respcoted like the lave," though Mrs. Kingsword might not havo understood what tlieso words meant, the Iittlo triumph it was to seo her omul engaged a. re, wncn everybody SRid there was nouody for tho girls to marry— and now to have that triumph turned into humiliation and dismay ! And to think of Bco's bright face ovoroast, and her happiness over, and poor Aubrey thrown out into tho uttermost darkness. Had sho seen Charlie it might havo given hor some support, for Cliarlio was the impersonation of immovable severity ; hut Betty's wistful Iittlo fnoo behind the other pair, coming out from Aubrey's shadow by moments to fix an appealing look upon her mother, was not oaloulatoil to mnko her nny stronger. Sho cleared her throat— she tried hard to stoady her voice. She said, Oh, my dear, ohildron," fnttoringly, and then the poor lady ended in a burst of sobbing and tears. It gave hor a little sting nnd stimulant to soo through hor weeping that though little Hetty ran towards her with kisses and soothing, Bee took no notloo, but stood hard and unaffected in her opposition,' holding oloso to Aubrey's arm. Mrs. Kingsword indeed got no sympathy except from little Betty. Charllo put his liantl impera tively upon her 'shoulder, recalling her to her self, and Beo never moved, standing by tho side of Aubrey Leigh.' The mother, thus deserted, plueked up a Iittlo -spirit in tho midst of her weakness. . "Boo,1.1 ehosaidi "I do not think it is quito nico of you to stand tlioro as if your own people wero against yon. AYc aro not against you. Thero has been, I fear, a great mistake mado, wliloh Colonel Kingswani "— horo oho turned her oyes to Aubrey — "lias found out in — in time ; though it is a pi,y, a sad pity, that it was not found out before. If Mr. Aubrey had only been frank .and said at onoe— but I dont seo what difforenco that would have made. Papa saya that from what be bas hoard and discovered things must not go any further. He is sorry, and so am I, that tlroy havo gone so far, and the engagement must bo broken off at once. You hear what I say, Beo?" " I heard yon nay so lost night, mamma, bnt I say it is my engagoment, and I have a right to know why. I do not moan— to break it off ' " Oh, how can I make explanations— how oan I cntor into snoh a question ? I appeal to yon, Mr. Aubrey— toll her." " Sho ought not to ask nny explanations She is a minor, under age. My father has a sigiit to do whatever ho pleases — and sho bas none to asli why." This was.bow Oharlio reasoned on the height of his one and twenty years. Charlie was tin intolerable element in all this question. Aubrej east a look at him, and forcibly alosed his own tips to keep in sonrothing that wns bursting forth. Boo defied him, as wns natural, on tho spot. "I will not havo Oharlio put in his opinion," she oriod. "Ho has nothing to do with me. Even if I oboyed papa I certainly should not obey liirn." " Lot Aubroy say himself," said Mrs. Kings- ward, " whether you ought to bo told ovuiy thing, Boe.'.' " It is orucl to ask mo," said Aubroy, speaking for tho first timu, ."if Bee could know ail, if you could know nil, Mrs. ICingswnrd. But how aould I tell you all ? Part of this is true and lart is not true. I could spenk to Colonel vingswnrd mora freely. I nin going off to-itiglit to London to soo him. It will frocyou from cmbarrnssmont, and it will give mo perhaps a clinnco. I did not wnnt to put you to this trial. I am ready to put myself unreservedly in Colonel lClngswnrd'B bands." " Then," said Hoc, hastily, " it seems I am of no sort of importanco at all to any one. Iam told my engagement' is broken off, and then I am told that 1 am not to know why, anil then — go tlion, Aubrey, as that is your olioice, and fight it out witli papa if you please." She loosed her arm from bis, with a slight impulse, pushing him away. " But just mind thin, everybody," sho cried, "you may think Iittlo of Beo— but my engagement shall not he brokon by anybody but me, and it shall not be kept on by anybody but mc ; and I will neither givo it up nor will I hold to it, neither ono nor the other, until I know why." Tlion tho judge and the dofendant looked caoh othor in the face. They were, as may bo sup- posed, on opposite sides, bnt tlicy woro the only two to consult each other iu . thin omergcncy. Aubroy responded by a movement of his head, by a slight throwing up of bis hand, to the question in Mrs. Kiugswaril's eyva. " Then you shall know as much as I can toll you, Bee. Your father had a letter last week, from a lady, telling him that sho had a revela tion to make. The lottor alarmed yout father. He felt that ho must know what it meant. Uo ooulil not go himself, but lie sent Air. Passavant, the lawyer. Tho lady said that sho had lived in Mr. Leigh's house for years, ill tho time of jiis lata wife. She said Sir. Leigh had— hod behaved very homy to her. "That I do not boliovo," said Bee. Tho words flashed out like a knife. They mndo n stir in the nir as If a sudden gleain had come into it. And then all was still again, a strange dead quiet coming after, in whioh Beo pciceived Aubrey silent, covering his face with his hand. It camo across Iter with a sudden pang that she had hoard somebody say this morning or last night—" he did not deny it." "And that ho had promised her— marriage— that ho was engaged to her, as good as— as good as married to her ; when he had the oruatty, oh my door child, my dear child ! to come to you." Aubrey took his lmiul away from his white face. "That," lie said in a stiuuge, dend tunelcas voice, "is not hue." " Oh, more shame to you, Aubrey, more shame to you," cried Mrs. Kingswavd, forgetting her judicial oharaotorin her indignation na a woman, " if it is not true ! — " Sho paused a moment to draw her breath, then added, "But indeed you were not so wicked as you say, for it is true. And here is the evidence. Oh," she cried, with tears in her eyes, " it makes your conduct to my child worse : bnt it shows that yon wero not then, not then, as bad as you say." lieo hnd dropped into the chair that was noxt to her, and tlioro sat, for hor limbs had so trembled that she could not stand, watch ing him, never ttking her eyes from him, as if lie wero a hook in which tho interpretation of this mystery was "Never mind about me," ho said, hoarsely, "I say nothing for myself. Allow tno to bo as had as a man can bo ; bnt that is not true. And what is the cvidoiice ? You nover told mo there was any evidence. ' " Sir," 6aid Mrs. Klngsward, fully roused, "I told yon all that was in my husband's letter last night." "Yes— that she," a sort of shudder aeemed to run over him, to the keen sight of the watchers — ' " that sho said so. You don't know as I do that that is no evidence. But you speak now as if thcro was something more." She took a piece of folded paper from her lap. "There is this," she said, "a letter yon wrote to hor the morning you wont away." " I did write her a letter," he said. Mrs. Kingsward held it out to liirn, but was stopped by Charlie, who put his hand on her arm. "Keep tho document, mother. Don't put tho evidsnoo against him into a man's power. I'll rend it if Mr. Leigh thinks proper." Oneo more Aubrey and Ilea together with a simultaneous impulse lookod at this intruder into thoir story. " Mamma ! send him away. I should like to kill him !" said Bro within hor clenched teeth. . . "Bo quiet, Charlie. Mr. Leigh, lain ready J.. tlii. am am. aIIiaf AiMiLnnn ntvattlftfc Vfill tu )IU« VUI4 VI MS J w»«w» wtiMVMVw ngn,.... J - " into your hands." He bowod vory gravely, and then stood onco moro as if he woro mado of stono. Mrs. Kings- ward faltered very much tier agitated face flushed. "It begins," she said, in a low flut tering voice, " My dear little wife—" Then tlioro came a very strange sound into the agitated silence, for . Aubrey Leigli on trial for more than his life, here laughed. " What more, what moro?" he said. "No, it Is not that. It is— 'I don't want— my dear little wife to be troubled about any thing. It oan all be done quite easily anil quiotly, without giving an oceasion for people to talk j a settlement mado nnd everything yon could desire. I shall make nrrangeniouts. about everything to-day.' It is signed A. Is, and it is in your haiidwritiug. Bee, you oan see it is in his handwriting— look for yourself." Bee would not turn hor head. Sho thought she saw tho writing written in fire upon the nir —all his familiar turns in it. How welt sho know the A. L-; but sho did not look at it, would not look. Shu had enough to do looking at his faoe, whioh was the letter — the book 9be was studying now. "No doubt it is my handwriting," ho said, "only it was addressed, not to any other woman, but to my wifo." ' ." Your wifo diod two years ago, Mr. Leigh ; and that is dated Christmas— this yoar." "That is a lie!" lie oricd ; then restrained himself painfully. ' " You know I don't mean yon— but the date and tho assumption is en tirely a lie. Give me time and I will toll you oxaotly when it was written. I remember tho lettor. It was wlion I bad promiao Amy to provide for bcr friend on condition that sho should be sent away— for aha made my house raiscrablo !" "And yob, and yet, Mr. Leigh— oh, don't you see how the things contradiot each other. She mado your houso miserable, and yet— when your wife was dead, and you woro free- — " He looked at her, growing paler and paler. " And yet 1" ho said, " I know what you mean. That is tho infernal art of it. My own folly has out the ground from beneath my feet, and put woapons into ovory hand againBt mo. I know. Iknow." Again tlioro camo into Beo's mind tho words she bad heard last night. " He does not deny it." And yet lie was denying it with all his might. Denying and not denying—what? The girl's brain was all in a nwzo, and she could not 1 tell. 44 You sec," aaid Mrs. Kingsward, gcnUy. ,40li,Iam sorry for yon in myhenrfc. Porhnps you were led into— a connection that you feel not to be desirable. That I onn muler.-dnnrl. But that you should think you can Havo yourself hy means of an innocent girl, almost a child, and impose yourself on a family that hnd no sus pioions ; oh, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Leigh ! you ought to havo (lied sooner thau havo done tlmt." He looked at hor piteously for a moment, and thon a dreadful sort of a smilo came upon his face. " I allow," he said, "tlmt tlmt would havo been the best." And there fell a silence upon tho room. Tho sun was shining outride, nnd the sound of tho water gurgling agnint tho Hides of boatH, and of all the commotion of tho landing place, and of the hundreds of voices in the air, and of tho ohitning of (he clocks, came in and filled tho place. And just then thera bur«t out a carillon from ono of tho stecplus setting the whole to music, harmonising all the discordtt, tnul sweep ing into thin silence with a sudden rush of sound as if some bodily presence hail come iu. It was tho touch too much for all theso excited and troubled people. Mrs. Kingsward lay back in hor ohair and began to weep silently. Aubrey Leigh turned away from where ho was standing and leant his head upon the wall. Ah for Bcu, she Nat quito stiii, dazed, not able to under stand, but crushed out of all her youthful self assertion and determination to clear it all up. She to clour it up !— who did not even under stand it, who could not fathom what was meant. That there was .something moro than met tho eye, something tlmt was not put into words, seemed to show vaguely through the words that wore said. But what it was Bee could not tell. Sho could not understand it at all. And yet tlmt there was a fatal obstacle rising up betweon her and her lover, something which no ono oould diKpcrso or clear nwuy ; not a mistake, not a falsehood, not a thing tlmt could be passed over triumphantly and forgotteu — not na youth is so quick to believe a mere .severity, tyranny, arbitrary conclusion of papa— she felt in every fibre of her frame. She could not deny it or struggle against it; her very being seemed paralysed. Tho meaning went ont of Iter fnee, her absolute, certain, imperious youthfulness (lieu out ot uer. «no who lovcu to nave her own way, who had just protested that riio would neither givo up nor hold fast except by hor own will and undciHtauding, now sat dumb, vaguely Heating, 6ocing shadows pass before her, and hoariug of things which were undeniable, mighty things, far more powerful than her little hot re.sohitiunH and dotorminationn. Bee had never yet come face to face with any trouble which could not ho smoothed away. There was her own tiaughtincsB, thoro were Charlie's escapades at school nnd college— hoiuo of which she had known wero serious. But in a Iittlo while they had been passed over and forgotten, and everything had been as before. One timo rim remembered papa had threatened nob to let Charlie go back to Harrow, whioh wa<; a dread ful thing, oxposing bim and his naughtiness to ail tho world. But after a while papa had changed bin mind, and overytbing hnd gono smoothly an bafore. Could papa chnngu his mind now? Would time make it, oven if he did, as it was before ? Bco had not moutal power enough to think these things, or ank theso questions of her own will. But tlicy went through her mind as pcoplo como in and go out by an opeu door. It was Aubrey who was the first to spoak. The carillon stopped or else they got used to the sound and took no fmther notice of it, nnd ho collcotcd himself and came forward again to tho middle of the room, lie said : 44 1 know it will bo a relief that I should go away. Thore is an afternoon train whioh I shall take. It is slow, but it dues not matter. I shall bo as well thcro as anywhere— or as ill. I .shall go direct to Colonel Kingsward and lay my whole case before him. He will perhaps confront me with my accuser— I hope so— 11 not ho will at least hear what I have to say for myself." 44 Oh, Mr. Leigh ! Oh, Aubrey ! I can't wish you anythiug hut well whatever— whatever may he done." 44 Thank you, Mr. Kingsward. I looked for nothing less from your kind heart. Will you give me that letter?" She put it into his hands without the least hesitation,, aud he examined it — with a h-ortof strained smile upon his face. . 44 1 should liko to take this baok to Colonel Kingsward," he said. . Then added quiokly, with a abort laugh, 44 No, I . forgot ; there might be suspicions. Send it back to him, please, by the fir t pud, bhntlie may havo it when I get there." Ho gave tho lettor hack, and then he looked round wistfully. 44 May I say good-bye to Bee? ' She got up at tho word, feeling herself vaguely . called upon— yet quite dull, dumb, with alt-sorts : of thoughts going, going and comiug through those wide open doors ot her mind— thoughts like stray which .she seemed to see as (hey passed. . Even Aubrey himself appeared a ghost. .She got up and stood awaiting hitn when ho approached . lint, nnf imMiitff niti; n finMr. Noltoilv inter fcroil, not even Charlie, who was fuming inter nally, yet somehow (lid nut move. Anhri-y went up to her and put his hands upon her shoulders. Her unresponsiveness sent a chill to Hie heart. . "Have you givon mo up, Boe?" ho cried, "Already, already !" with anguish in his voice. She could not say a word. Sho shook hor head like a mute, looking at him with her dazed oyes. " Sho docs not understand it — note word, ' he said. Bee shook her head again. It was all she . could do. No, slio did not understand, except that it was a kind of dying, something against which noliody could struggle. And then ho kissed hor on her forehead, ns gravely as though he had boon her fathor ; and the next moment was gono — was it only out of tho room, or out of the world, out of life? Chatter VIII. It was a slow traiu. The slowest train that there is, is, of eourso, far, far quicker tlion any . othor mode of couveyancc practicable in a land . jonrnoy, but it does not seem so.. It seems as if : it woro dolay . impersonified to the eager traveller, especially on . the Continent. In England when it stops nt a multiplicity of little stations at which tlioro is. nothing to do, it at , least goes on ogain in most onsen after it lias dropped its half passenger or taken in its ompty hag of lettors. But this onn never he said of n . German, or even of a briskor Belgian, train. The ono in whioh Aubrey was meandered about : Liege, for instanco, till lie had mastered oyery : aspect of that Bmoky but interesting placo. It stopped for what lookod liko an hour at every Iittlo roadside station, in ordor, apparently, that the guard might hold a long nnd exoitod conver sation about nothing at all with tho hoad man of the place. And all tho while tho little electria bell would go tingling, tingling upon Mb very bruin. Thus ho mado his slow and weary pro gress through the afternoon and evening, stop ping long at last at a midnight Btation whero everything was wrapped in sleep nnil darkness, for the arrival of tho. oxpross in which tho latter part of the journey was to be accomplished moro quickly. If there had been nny tiling wanted to complete the entire overthrow of a spirit in pain it was suoh au experience. All was dismal beyond words at tho plaoo whero he hnd to . wait— one poor light showing through the great universe of darkness, the dark big world that encompassed it around, ono or two belated porters wandering through tbo blacknessdoing mysterious pieces of business, or pretending to do them. A poor little wailing family, a mother and two children, put out there upon a benoh from some other train, one of tbo babies wailing vaguely into the dark, the other calling" upon momma, mamma, driving the poor mother frantic — were watting liko himself. It gave Aubrey a momentary consolation to see some thing that appeared, at least to the external eye, more forlorn than he. lie remembered, too, that there had once been a baby cry that went to his heart, and though all the osiocia tions connected with that had now turned into gall and bitterness, bo that the sound seemed like a spear penetrating his very being, and he walked away as far as the bounds of the station would allow, to get, if possible, out of hoaring of it. Yet pit, a better inspiration, at last gained tbe day. Ho went up and spoko to the woman, and found that she was an English workman's wife making her way homo with her children to a mother who was dying. They had turned her out here, with her babies, to wait, ah, uot for the express train which was to carry on the gentleman, but for tbo slow, slow creep itig third class which only started in the morning, and which would, after other long waits at other places, reach England sorr.o time, but she could scarcely tell when. 41 And must you paBs the night here out in tho cold ?" said Aubrey. 44 It isn't not to call a cold night, sir," said tho woman, meekly, 41 and they've got plenty on to keen them warm." 44 I'll try and get them to open the waiting room for you," said Aubrey. 44 Oh, no sir, thank you kindly, but don't take the trouble, the rooms are that stuffy. It's better for them in tho open air, and they'll go to sleep for a little while. Ifabj will he quito warm on my lap, and Johnny lying against me. " 44 And what is to become of you in this ar rangcrncntV" said Aubrey, looking pitifully with eyes that had known the experiences both of husband and father upon this little plurnp human heil, which was to stand in the place 01 down pillows for the children. "Oh, I'll do very well, sir, when they go to sleep," she said, looking up at him with a smile. 44 And when does your train go?" 44 Not till six in the morning." she replied, 44 but, perhaps that's all the better, for I'll bo able to get them some bread nnd milk and a good wadi beforo wo start." Well, it was not much of an indulgence for a man who was well off. He might have thrown it away on any trifle and nobody would hnvo wasted a thought on the subject. Ho got hold of ono of the wandering ghosts of porters and got him, with a douceur, to ohange the poor woman's cheap ticket for her into ono for the cxprrtts, and commissioned him, if jwHsihlo, to get her a place in a sleeping carriage, where, I fear, she was not likely to bo at all a warmly welcomed addition to tho luxurious '.young men or delicate Indies in these conveyances. He snw that there was ono found for her whioh was almost empty when the train oamo up. He scarcely knew if she were young or old— though indeed, us a matter of faet, the poor little mother, bewildered by her sudden elevation among tho gentlefolks and not quito suro that she would not have proferrcd to remain where she was, and pick up in the morning her natural third olass train, was both young and pretty, a fact that was remarked by tho ono lady in tho carriage who saw tho youug man through the window at her side, and recognised him in a flash of tho guard's lantern, with deep astonish ment to seo him handing in suoh a woman nnd suoh ohildren to tho privileged places. Ho die appeared himself into tho dark, and indeed took his place in tbe oorner of a smoking oarringe, where his cigar was a faint soother of pain. In his human Hhoitsightcdness, poor Aubrey also was coiiRoled a little, I think, by the thought that this poor fellow passenger was comfortablo, she and her ohildren, and that instead of slum bcring uneasily on a be nob she was able to lay the little things in a bed. It seemed to him a good omen, a little relaxation of tho bonds of fato, nnd ho went away ohoered a littlo and en cou ragcu by tins snnplo incident and by the warmth of tho kindness that was iu his heart. He spoko to them again on one or two oocn Bions on tho way, sent the poor woman some tea in the morning, brought aorao fruit for the children ; and tigain on the steamboat crossing, when lie listened to the account of how thoy were going on, from Dover, with a certain In tcrest. When they parted at the train he nhook bauds with the mother, hoping she would And her relation better, and put a sovereign into Johnny's little fat hand. The lady who lmd been in tiio sleeping enrringo kept her eye upon him all the time. Sho was not by any means a malicibUB or bad woman, but she did not believe the poor woman's stoiy of the gentleman's kind nens. She won, I am sorry to say, a lady who was apt to take the worst view of every trnnsae tion, enpeoiolly between men and women. People who do so are bound in many oases to he right, and so are confirmed in thoir odious opinion ; but in many ensas they aro wrong, yet alwnys bold to it with a faith whioh would do credit to a better inspiration. 41 1 thought youug Mr. Leigh was going to marry again," she said to a frieud whom she met going up to town 44 Oh, so lie is ! To tho nicest girl — Bee Kings- ward, the daughter of one of my dearest friends — such o satisfnotoiy tiling in every way." 44 Wasn't there something," said the lady of tlio sleeping carriage, 44 about a woman, down at bis pluoo in the country ?" 44 Oh, 1 don't think there was ever anything against htm. Thoro was a woman who was a great friend of his poor wife, nnd lived with thoro. The wife wasagooso, don't you know, and could not be made to see what a foolish thing it was. My opinion is that he never oould abide the woman, and I am sure she mado mis chief botwecn them. But I believe that silly little Mrs. Leigh — poor thing, we should not speak ill of thoso that arc go no — made him pro- mlso on licr death bed that this Mjbs Somothing- or-other should' not be sent away from the home It was a ridiculous arrangement, and no woman that rcrpcctod horsclf would lmvo done it. But she was poor, and it's a comfortablo place, and, perhaps, as there was no friendship between them, ulio may have thought it was no harm." "Forlmps she thought sho would get over him /a timo and make him marry hor." 4<0i», I can't toll what 6hc thought ! He rushed -off in a hurry at a moment's notice, no body knowing what ho intended, after tho poor baby died, the very day of its funeral. Not muoh to ho wondorcd at, poor youug man, after all ho had gono through. I don't know how things were settled with Miss Lance, but I be liovo that she has gone at last. And I am de light od to hear of his engagement. So. will all Us neighbors in the country bo " 44 1 should not like a daughter of mine to worry a man liko that." "Why? I wish a daughter of mine could have tho chnnco. Everybody likuB him at homo. Do you kuovr anything of Aubrey Loigh?" Ho did not know in the IcaBt that - this talk was going on as the train-, went rushing' oh to town; his ears did not tingle. He was in tho r. next carriage, divided oiily by : a plank from these two loilies in their compartment. Tho womau who took the bad view of everything did not wish him any harm. She did not even think badly of him. She thought it was only human nature, and that young meQ will do that sort of thing, however nice they may be, and whatever you may say of morals and so forth, I do not think, though sho had made that little conven tional speech, that she would at all have hesi tated to give her owo daughter to Aubrey, pro vided that she had a daughter. His advantages were so evident, and the disadvantages after all had bo little to do with actual life. (to be continued.) 