THE STORYTELLER. _THE %mn$g.lrw&) dubz OR, WHO SHALL BE HEIR. CHAPTER VIII. THE 8HARCHEK8. As Clarence flew onward, his worst enemy might have pitied him for the frenzy of terror which possessed him. He had meant evil to Fred—goried in his trouble, his possible illness to follow; he had even wished him dead for one fierce moment, when he might hare gone back and saved him ; and now to think that his cousin had called him, and called him in vain ; that he had watched the fatal waters rising higher and higher during all those past hours ; that be had fought for his life in agony, and died at last alone, his dying thought a course on his—Clarance’s—treachery. “Oh, my God ! I never meant^it-! ’’ moaned he in his agony. He reached what' he conjectured to be about the spot where he had left Fred ; he was far ahead of the others. He gazed around with wild eyes ; he listned with straining ears, but neither sight nor sound of human presence came to guide his trembling steps. He swung his lantern around, trying to recognizable under the fitful rays of his light. Where had those two walked together ? By that pit had they stood ? He could not tell ; each pit and trench resembled any other pit and trench—all was chaos, And still he hurried on, reeling at every step—’ailing—calling. But waii, are those who heather tufts trodden down ? And is not that a newly turned clod, as if kicked out of yonder hollow ? And surely these are foot marks ? Clarence had found the very spot where he and Fred parted. He leans over the brimming water, he flashes bis light quickly, then slowly across the surfaee ; there ie no form floating there, nor lies there- any darker shadow in the brown depths; [Ie rises to his feet with a- ghost-like face and a wondering cry, and he looks so idiotic when his companions joined him that they stared; at him in doubt, not knowing what to make of him. But while they question him he has pulled himself together, and is his old cunning, cautious self again. 1 Thus far I’ve found about where he and I walked. It wag among these cut tings, I know. I proposo that we sep arate, and each take a trip from end to end ; in that way we’ll go over the whole moor. Whoever finds anything can shout while we’re within hearing, and then wave the lantern as a signal.’ The other two agreed to this plan, and they separated. Backward and forward crept the three %Zics, gradually getting farther and farther apart. Clarence was skirting the ridge of rock which divided the moor into two sections, when a coutious “hist’ startled him. He stood up, listening and trembling. 1 Hist ! ’came again, and he turned his eyes towards tli* sound, and saw a pale beckoning him from among rbouVthemarXybJe'^m^owei ^Urenc# stood as K transfixed, hi? eyes Btn,i;ng fr0D> their sockets, his heart throbbing quickly with fear. ‘ Como along, you fool I’ came next in a loud whisper. ‘Do you want a! pair of them down on me ? ( Then the boy went forward in mighty amazement, and was seized and briskly pulled bohind the hushes, to find him self face to face with ha father. * Jove ! but you’re lily livered,’ mut tered that personage, cramming him disgustedly by the light if his lantern. ‘ You’re as white as chlk ! What were you scared at ? Did ;ou think I was Fred Somersets ghost 7 Clarence was glad to sit diwn on a stone and gather strength andbreath. I It was you in the summer house, then ? And I s’pose it was jou that found Fred in the pit 7 ’ he askel. II found him, and heard enough of you to be your ruin,’ replied his rather bitterly. ‘ You mad fool ! Do you know what you’ve done !’ «N-n-no,’ stammered the lad, shrink ing back. « You’ve bungled this business so bad ly that it’s come to this : Your cousin Frederick must either ruin you, or you must min him. Which is your choice ?’ 