THE THEOSOPHY CRAZE. BY AN OXFORD GRADUATE. This heading cannot have a grateful sound to the ears of Theosophists. It hints that the new faith, new to us and to most of them, is not to be regarded as a very stable thing, or at least that the present interest in it is commonplace excitement, which may be.left to die like other hniqan matters. A strange century this when excitement may be termed commonplace. The adjective is rightly ap p'ied, paradoxical as it seems. A thing is nothing now unless it startle, though ft is frequently nothing when it does. Ajshort life is long enough to have seen . many wonderful births', which have amazed'the public and set the town agape and full of chatter. There is nothing' new about the spectacle, rather it is so usual. We have been very busy in cultivating our taste for the abnormal., Many of us spend much time iii nothing else but either to tell or to hear some new thing. Novelty and the excite ment it causes are an ordinary part of life as we now live it. It is a pity, even if it cannot be mended; and I suppose that folks scarcely would and scarcely could change to af more sober, satisfied temper. It is the natural punishment of excitement-loving dis positions that they cannot maintain their interest in any object long. They run the favorite to death speedily, and theu bury him. This melancholy end, I fear, is in store for Theosophy. For Theosophy has been for a time the rage. Who has not heard smne public reference to it, for and against ? What family circle has left it out of the table talk ? Where will yon go, and if you find there but a decaying inn, and a few broken-down, red-nosed topers, will you not also find that the mysteries of the East have penetrated even tn the taprnnm through the well-thumbed news sheet? A friend now cracks his jokes about astral bodies and Mahatmas, and wishes that a real live one would turn up to be saluted, say, with • Good morning, have you used Pear’s soap?” “ Yes," the Mahatma would reply solemnly, “ but only for making bubbles.” Great nonsense, and irreverent, on the part of my friend. But Theosophy does outpro duce jocularity in all. Far from it. It has a terrifying aspect to many. They think that it is an uncanny something, akin to the black art, and that it might tn be confined, to the moun tains in Thibet, whence it sprang, and which are far enough to be safe. They distrust the contents of “Isis Unveiled”and “The Secret Doctrine,” not that one in ten thousand reads thi-se books. Occultism, Mahatma, Nirmana haya, Karina, and such like are terms to make the flesh creep and the blood run cold. Nor will the last Christmas number of the Review of Reviews , remove the prejudice of western common-sense toward what oomes to it in a cloak of mystery. Mr Stead has done much for Theosophy, He has almost “ made ” it in England. His account of H.P.B. and her work, still more, his recom mendation of Mrs Besant, shortly after her latest, not, we trust, her last change of views, hie' steadfast' faith in the supernatural and constant demand that mystery should be scientifically treated, all this has -put Theosophy before the public, as nothing, as none else could. We need not regret the success of his efforts. If these strange speculating are all moonshines just as much as ' ghosts have hitherto been supposed to , be, they will not fail to be shown op. Shams never wear well. Now, Theosophy is nothing to the general mind if it is not the science of the occult. A little handbook before me states that there are. three objects to which the Theosophicai Society devotes itself:—l. To form the nu cleus of a Universal Brotherhood of Hu manity, without distinction of race, creed, sex, caste, or color. 2. To promote the study of Aryan and other Eastern literatures, reli gions, philosophies, and sciences, and to demonstrate the importance of that study. 3\. To investigate unexplained laws of nature ami the psychic powers latent in man. If the faith now nearing its 1900th birth day, which proclaimed that “there is no dif ference,” does not help men to acknowledge the universal brotherhood in the one Father and the one Saviour, the world will not ex pect the Theosophical Society ever to get much beyond its “ nucleus.” As to the second object, the universities are taking the job off its hands. , The third only remains, with regard to which the utterances of that society or of Theosophists are likely to catch the public ear. It is the wreird, uncanny element that has attracted so far. The Christmas number of the Review of Reviews means to keep the ball roll ing Again, we need not regret the efforts of Mr Stead to probe these mysteries. Oar is badly off. All the centuries have never made man to know himself, and Moltke was not the only one who thought that the centuries to come will not teach man any more on this side the veil. One would have preferred to leave the whole spbject to be investigated by men of scit-noe. Mr Stead has set the whole nation agog with it. Doubtless we shall pay a good price for the stir. A doctor assured me that the “real ghost stories” were as well calculated to fill the asylums as any thing that could be devised. What horror, what suffering, what piteous bondage to fear ful expectation will be the portion of thou sands who are reading them one does not like to contemplate Still, let tho asylums open their doors, let brains reel, hearts pal pitate, let the land be peopled with phan toms and sub- conscious selves, if science gain by it. Knowledge, not happiness, is the end of life, I trust that my medical friend, clever man as ha is, is wrong this time, and that the issues will nnt be so dreadful. But this is certain, that such enquiries have a morbid fascination f'T most men and women, and that is why Theosophy has been the craze. It is not that the world craves anew gospel, or that it is in any degree prepared to echo the belief of Mrs Besant—that “ Theosophy, and Theosophy alone can really ami per manently satisfy the cravings of the intellect and the emotions.” Our poor materialistic ag“ does nnt seek after tho spiritual before all else,- but it is intensely interested in spiritualism, which is nothing but sheer materialism. Let someone appear with a larger promise of “doubles,” and even Mr Stead will nnt be listened to. As one has said, “The real attraction in Theosophy is the claim of miraculous powers, the charm of being in two places at once, and of being able to impress your will upon others, even after their backs aro turned, and at any distance. This is most enticing, and I have had proof that tide is the secret charm of the whole affair,” Here, indeed, is the titillating influence. Doubles, mesmeric forces, occult phenomena generally have never entered into my ex perience, and it was not to gain light upon them, or to be told about Mahatmas, but | to see and hear Mrs Besant, that I took the opportunity my first—of attending at a meeting where ehe was to spsak. Her subject was “Theosophy and its rela tion to occult science;” I do not recall the exact : terms. This had a flivor abont it very grateful to the wonder craving palate, and one was led to expert revelations of the marvellous. Some 400 persons paid for ad- mission, far fewer than we had looked for, most of them apparently belonging to the lower middle class. Theosophist literature was plentifully sold during the interval of waiting, especially a penny pamphlet en , titled “The A.B.C. of Theosophy,” which, being cheap and rudimentary, seemed a good investment of a copper. Tnen a general clapping announced the appearance of Mrs Besant, accompanied by the chairman, Mr Herbert Burrows, and by no one else. I do . not propose to discuss Mrs Besant’s lecture. The reader wilt be familiar with very much of the speculation now so widespead upon the nature of psychic phenomena. Theoso phists yearn after omniscience, and regard no facts as outside the province of reason. Their bent seems to be though, towards those strange manifestations of morbid natures, from the investigation of which an ordinary healthy man shrinks as much as he would from witnessing a surgical operation. Those, who so shrink from whatever cause, are deemed guilty of an unscientific spirit, which should count nothing in experience as a wrong object of mind. Christianity may, accord ing tn some, denounce these speculations and inquiries, but Theosophy with . a superior smile seeks to get behind a veil, wherever it fin-is one. Mrs Besant made some such pre liminary statement of the attitude of Theosophy towards occult science, aud pro ceeded to give us an account of certain occult phenomena with some of which she was personally acquainted. She talked of mesmerism, hypnotism, clairvoyance, and so forth, and everybody felt interested. Only a week before I had heard very similar details at a gathering strangely different. A clergyman was addressing a West-end draw ing-room Bible reading, an institution which should dissipate the notion that no sincere Christians are to be met with in the higher ranks of society. The conversation is of a very spiritual character frequently, a rare treat when one knows how much devotion may be found behind it, how much hard service on behalf of others. Our leader that night departed a good deal from the wonted path. He -wished to examine the testimony of the Scriptures as to the nature of the resurrection body. Many Christians he said, are in needless bondage to death The reason is that their conceptions of the future state are so vaguely awful. They have a chilling fancy of a separation of soul and body, and know not what to expect. This is not only a condition of mind dis honoring to God, but unreasonable in itself for the promises of thn Scriptures given for the comfort of the timorous believer cannot have been’studied and apprehended. Most of us felt that the’subject was'not as promising as" our friend described, and were yet more aliift when ' he 'carried us mi to a talk about the very matters of ; which Mrs Beaant’s lecture was full. Two or three stories abont “ doubles” were given, and the astounding assertion made' that the speaker had once seen his father's soul look forth from his eyes. All these occult phenomena, he said did not disturb him', hut many were greatly disquieted by them. How was he to minister to such? Not by pooh-poohing the whole, not by'banoing it as men did the Black Art not by overriding.the subject, but by meet ing the, troubled- one on ids own ground. He,’too, was a scientist, a student of the Divine science, and he would seek to find a common ground whereon his science and occult science could meet. One lady roundly asked whether the. Bible did not expressly forbid any such enquiry. Others were of her mind, and of course the whole subject was scarcely fitted to the occasion. But Mrs Besaant and her friends may, it appears, count, fellow workers even among the clergy. Next to Mr Stead, some will place her first. Mrs Besant has' helped to bring forward Theosophy. She has now a considerable reputation among all casses. Site is generally acquitted of those charges, perhaps pardon able, when one considers on how scanty a basis they are often put forth; and certainly few oan ait and listen to her and yet think her at all under a moral cloud. S'ill I have heard people say that they “could not go and hear Mrs Besant until she had cleared her character.” ’.I found myself during the lecture wishing that these persons were pre sent. Mrs Besant would, I think, swiftly and silently “ clear her , character.” Her integrity, her earnestness, are acknowledged by most. Indeed, it is late in the day to pay her any such tribute. If features are any witness to character, Mrs Besant is an honor to her sex. She addresses her audience in a frank, open manner, . standing in an erect attitude, best for herself and most suited to impress them. Her voice is deep and full, “ like a man’s;” was an exaggerated criticism passed upon it. The direct fearless glance, the clear speech, the frank features tell you that their owner is not toying with you, but is in very earnest about herself. Asa speaker Mrs Besant did not come up to my expecta tions. She is certainly good, but is a disap pointment if contrasted with any man of real oratorical power. Tin's may seem a hasty judgment, based as it is on a single hearing. Her powers are striking and considerable, hut she is not a man. That is no sneer. There are other things besides physical inferiority which make against her, in com mon with all the lady speakers to whom I have listened. They are all too self-con scious, too dependent, seemingly, on their audiences They strike me as requiring allowances on the score of their womanhood, which few men would withhold. No woman who speaks in public should have lost this sense of her weakness and dependence, or she may appear brazen or unsympathetic. But all such self- consciousness prevents entire absorption in her subject. The im pression made is. in a measure, due to the fact that the speaker is a woman. Some really wise people strangely overrate Mrs Besant’s strength. “ Few men," said-one to me, ; “are equal to thinker, scholar, worker that she is. It will be a bad day for England if she goes over to Romanism." This is absurd. Mrs Besant, if the prophets are right, will end at Rome, and her secession may influence some. But her changes have been too many and start ling; Yet may she, “the late high-priestess of Atheism, return to a resting-place in the English Church, from which she has so long been estranged, and come to oar dear Lord at last.” A closing word upon Theosophy. “I am intensely interested,” remarked an Unitarian to me the other day, “in Theosophy. It shows me how a new religion is floated. You have the founder, Madame Blavatsky. At her death she is deified (1) An apostle Paul appears in the person of Mrs Besant. The new creed is enlarged by accretions, and lo! church and beliefs are ready to hand, while converts are not wanting.” Pretty parallel ! Some small difficulties there are about it, as might be expected, but my friend can forget those. Theosophy exalts itself above Christianity. “There is no religion higher than Truth,” is the motto of the Theosophical Society. . We believe this. We believe, too, in the one religion which is the Truth, and before which Theosophy, like all human systems, when it has made its contribution to human thought and progress, therein testifying to that Truth, must vanish away. 