W£T AND HTJMOUB. “ ’TIS A POOH HEART THAT NEVER REJOICES,” A Bootless attempt—To get up stairs with- ■ out being hoard by your wife. A Man full of spirits is not naturally given to aobor reflection. Tiie man with a boil on his neck never borrows troublo. Ho has enough of it. Siib (tragically): “ Take back the heart that thou gavost.” Ho: “Nover mind the heart— , just fork over that diamond ring.” ' Mns. Prim: “John, womust discharge that new^ music teacher.” Mr. Prim: “Why so,! Maria?” Mrs, Prim: “I hoard our girls say he has a delightful touch.” Priest (to a very sick man): “Now, if you have any earnest desire in your ho&rt;, name it.” Sick Man: “I want to got well!” Asi*:::: vo Po’^t : “ Don’t you liko tho meter of my now pomu ? light, you know.” Critic: “Yes, almost light enough for a gas motor.” Miss^ Pluraleigh (choking): “Oh, Mr. Dudokin, I—I really think I’ve swallowed a dreadful fly! What shall I do?” Dudokin: “Doahgirl, better swallow some fly- paper.” “ What shall you givo mo, pa,” she said, “Upon ray wedding day?" | And ua with gravity replied: j 44 I’ll give you, dear—away,” "Mrs. Oldboy: 44 Oh, you needn’t talk, John, j You wore bound to have mo. You can't say thatovorl ran after you.” Oldboy: “Very true, Maria; and the trap never runs after tho mouse, but it gathers him in all the same.” Sunday School Teacher; 44 Who made the sun audtho moon stand still?” First Boy: 44Adam.” b, S. T«: “No.” Second Boy: l “Moses.” S. S. T.: “No. What’s tho matfcor with Joshua?” Class (in unison): i “He’s all right!” I A Very poor actor having played the part of ' the Ghost in “Hamlet” for manv years, Saphir, tho Gorman wit, on seeing him, said : “It would be a good thing if this man gave up tho ghost, so that somebody else could take hia Life is Shout.—“My darling,” aho mur murod, “you know that I lovoyou. lathis not onough for tho present ? Be aBsurod that I will set a day for our wedding as soon as it is possible.” “That’s all right, Miranda,” doggodly replied the young man, “butlhopo 1 you will roraombor that I’ve got to bo marriod in this suit, and it won’t last for ovor.” Why Siii: was Anxious.—“But why aro you so very anxious to sco a whale, Mrs. Trottor?” askod tho captain, aftor tho lady had uskod for tho twontioth time if ono was in sight. “I want so much to see oue blubber, captain. It must bo very impressive to see such a largo croaturo cry.” Found His Groove.—Dobbins: “Do you kuow, ray friend, that when tho Hov. Gougor officiated hero I felt that ho never would b6 appreciated. In fact, I don’t know where he would be,1’ Jobbins: “Well, be seemed to havO'Sensa enough to know that, for he wont os a missionary to South Africa. The natives there^ not only appreciated, but relished A Fast Colour.—Excited Old Gentleman t “Didn't you Bay, when I bought these socks, that you'd guarantee them a fast colour?** Affable shopman: “We guarantee everything.** Excited Old Gentleman: “Well, Bir, I wore them one day, and they made my feet bo black it is impossible to get it off.” Affable Shopman (triumphantly): “Well, I don’t see what yon want of any fastor oolour than that." No Rails,—A wedding ceremony was to take place in one of the prominent churches. The y bridal party had not yet arrived, but were momentarily expected, when a small boy put in an appearance and gazed long and curiously up the main aisle. “Humph” he muttered, disdainfully. “ I don't see any." “ Don't see , any what, boy?" asked an inquisitive usher standing near. “ Don't see derails,of course.'* “RailsI Rails for wbatP” said the neber, in wonderment, as a small group gathered round the hoy. “Why, for the bride's train to run on—see ?” And tho boy escaped, and there followed a stillness eo dense you would have heard a oough drop on tho door-step around the corner. Hk Guessed It.—“Fine mornin', jedge,’* “ You’ve guessed it. Yours is ten dollars and Died at tiie Post opDuty.—An old salt, ok hearing of the death of his old master, the captain of a frigate, dashed away a tear and said: “Whatdid be die of?” “Therupture of a vessel.” “Ah, that’s hotter. Aglorioug death for a sailor !*' Two Likenesses.—Young Dillons (feeding* his best girl after tho theatre): “Let me give you a little more of this pudding.” Beet Girl: “ Yes, It so reminds me of you.?*! YoungBitlop8: “Because it’s so sweet? Tee* he!” Best Girl :“And so soft.” Answer to an Old Motto.—Marion was £n a room with hor mother, where sho saw upon - the wall tho illuminated text: “ What is Home Without a Mother?” : Spelling it out, she said? “Mamma, why don't they put the answer to that conundrum up there?” “ What is the answer?” asked hermotbar. “An orphan, of course,” answered Marion, with great satis* faction. “I guessed it easy.” Old Lady (excitodly).—“When is the train due ?" Ticket Agent—4‘ In two hours and forty minutes.” Old Lady (with a sigh of relief)— “I am bo glad I am not too lato)” “Well, little hoy, what’s your name?” “Shadrack Nebuchadnezzar Jones.” “Who ' gavoyou that name?” “I don’t kuow. Bat yor hot chor life if I find out when I gets me , growth thoy’ll ho sorry for it.” | Enraged Contributor—“Your proof-reader made nonsenso out of that article of mine this I morning, sir—outrageous nonsense, sir l” Editor—“By Georgo! I couldn't mako any 1 thing out of it at ail! I'll raise that fellow's | wages.” Arrested.—Tho situation that was “ going bogging” 1ms been taken up by the police. Motto for Authors.—Take care of the pens and tho pounds will takecaro of themsoives. A Reflection.—It is said that there is much more pleasure experienced iu giving than im receiving, This is doubly true, as regards advice—and kicks. Brkaou of Promise.—“ When does it come on, dear ?” “ T—t—to—to-morrow.” “ Cheer up,darling! Don't give way.” “Oh, itffl nothing ! I’m only practising lor the jury.” Undertaker: “What kiud of trimmings will you have on tho coffin !” Widow: “None, at all, at all. A plain koriin. It was trimmins what killed hiui!” Undertaker: “What!”' Widow: “Yob, dolirium trimmins.” What iie Never Learnt. — “ That's a knowing animal of yours,” said a young mnshor to the keeper of an olophant, “ Vory,” was tho cool rejoinder, “ Ho performs strange tricks and antics, doeB he?” eyeing the animal through tho eyoglas9. “Surprising!” retorted tho keeper. “ We’ve learnt him to put money in that box you seo far away up there. Try him with half a dollaT.” The tnasher handed tho elephant a half-dollar, and, suro onough, betook it in his trunk and placed it iu a box high out of reach. “Woll, that'e very extraordinary—astonishing, truly* Ho can take it out again, of course?” Wo never learnt him that,” returned tho keeper, with a roguish lcor, and then turned to stir up the monkeys and punch the hyenas. “ Say, Moike, pfwhat's an elephant?” “ Ohj ut's a t'ing witl a skin loiko a pig and a nock loiko a goose, wid his hood on the other ind.” 