Thu Kyuhrum Fruu Truss, Vox Populi Vox Dei." Friday, Aphid 22xo, 1S92. THE LESSON OF THE ELEC TION. “ The burly burly s done And the battle’s lost and won.” No th wi th stand ing all the threaten ings and all the wild prophcsyings about dark conspiracies to “ capture Parliament,” the general election of 1892 passed over quietly—in fact no election since this province of Vic toria started business on its own ac count has occasioned so little excite ment. The Political Progressive | League on the one hand, banged its drums and blew its trumpets, while on the other hand the so-called Na tional Association and Young Vic torian Idiotic League awakened the echoes and piped till it was on the verge of apoplexy, yet despite all this music the great bulk of the people didn’t dance worth a cent.' Bogies of every conceivable shape were trotted out, and though these ghosts suc ceeded in scaring a few poor souls into voting against their consciences, the great body of the electors, the masses,, stared in a dull leaden way •but didn’t seem to notice anything on the track. 'The Conservative newsyapers recked with fiery de nunciations of unholy alliances and dire conspiracies, and demanded that the electors should rise up and wipe the Trades Hall out of existence, and prated that there was absolutely no hope for the country unless a Con servative reaction set in. But no, the people did not see any neces sity for any such. 2 eaction, and quietly pursued the even tenor of their way, recording their votes for whom they thought fit. The result of the elec tions showed that extremists on cither side were badly left, while the straight out Liberals emerged from the fray with flying colors. In the new Par liament the Conservatives number 28, all told, the party having lost 7 seats, while the labor party gained several seats. Where the nominees of the Trades Hall sustained defeat, the victorious candidates were for the most part Liberals. The policy pro pounded by Premier Shiels found general acceptance at the hands of the people, and consequently the the Government will be backed up with a large following in Parliament-. The country endorsed the action_of the Government in suspending the railway commissioners. 52 members approve of the the action, while 13 others are in favor of railway reform, 11 are undecided and only 13 have shown disapproval. The new Parlia ment is free from obstructionists, so that the Government has a splendid opportuhty for doing good work. Their first care will be the adjustment of the finances, and as there is re markable unanimity as to the impor tance of this matter, the House will render, every assistance possible. In adjusting the finances, the. question of imposing new duties will arise. The stock tax will be one of the first matters to be considered, and there should be no difficulty in carrying the proposal, as the majority of repre sentatives returned are pledged to support it. In the new Parliament there is a considerable infusion of new blood, no less than 26 gentlemen being returned who were not in the last Parliament-. The majority of these [ire quite new to Parliamentary life, but on the whole, the prestige of the House is not likely to suffer much through their inclusion. In making ivay for this new blood, many good md faithful servants find themselves mtside the pale. Amongst these are such great political warriors as Colonel Smith, Messrs Nimmo, Lau rens, Gardiner, C. Young, T. Hunt, F. T. Derham, G. W. Hall, and last but not least Mr Jas Shack ell, who for the past nine years has served the electorate of Rodney zealously and well. The cause of his rejection was undoubtedly his adher ence to Conservatism. He espoused the unpojiular cause of the Railway Commissioners and his ideas of re trenchment in the civil service were not far-reaching enough, but no doubt the thing that weighed most against him, was the notion that many elec tors held that it was almostas well to be without rejwcsentation as to have one member voting with the Govern ment and one against. Never theless the good work accomplished by Mr Siiackell for Rodney in particular and the country in general will long be remembered. Signs of the Progress of Kyabram —There cannot be the slightest doubt that before long Kyabram will be the centre of a large and flourishing irriga tion colony'. The land for n.iles around seems to have been destined by nature for something of this sort, and now that water channels traverse the district in all directions, rendering the task of applying water to the land as easy as possible, it is not surprising that cute enterprising gardeners and orcliardists are securing blocks. Those who have visited the Mil dura settlement and other places where irrigation is practised on a large scale, state that the laud about Kyabram is far and away better, more easily worked, and more thoroughly adapted for intense culture, than any other land they have inspected. As this fact becomes more widely known, there will be a great rush of settlers here and every available acre ofland will he snapped up. Amongst the latest to settle in the district are the Messrs Brown, sons of the Rev. Ralph Brown. They have secured a nice block of land near Cr. Lancaster’s and they arc now hard at work knocking up a dwell ing and preparing their land for fruit trees. There are several other choice blocks yet available near the Brown’s selection, and already several parties from Melbourne are wc believe negotiating for the land. Accident.—A serious accident befell Mr William Harris, of Kyabram, on Satur day evening. Mr Harris, who lives about 3 miles from the town, went on horseback down a paddock for the purpose of catch ing another horse that he intended to drive into the bazaar with. Some few minutes afterwards his wife heard him calling and went to see what was the matter, anti was horrified to find that he had met with an accident. He was lying on the ground, having evidently been thrown from his horse. His forehead was severely cut, there being a large wound over one eye. He was conveyed to the residence of his father, Mr S. Harris, and Dr Lapicrre was immediately sent for. The doctor, dressed the wounds, and at latest accounts the patient was progressing favorably. All Nations’ Bazaar.—Last Satur day niglit proved the most profitable time for the promoters of the All Nations Bazaar, Kyabram. The amount realised for the week during which the bazaar re mained open amounted to about £320. In the lengthy report wc published in our last issue were one or two omissions. Miss Bradley, who made a really charming flower girl, was omitted from the list of assistants at the flower stall, while Miss Annie Hayes and Miss Connell, who- were . tastely attired in evening dress, ancl who proved most valuable adjuncts to Stall No. 3, were incautiously overlooked. Misses McCoy and Kirby should have been in cluded amongst the singers, whilst Mr Jas. MoNce’s name should have appeared with the other gentlemen who rendered such valuable assistance. The Kyabram Brass Band also deserve special mention for the sweet music they contributed on so many occasions during the currency of the bazaar. It is notified that in order to get rid of the surplus goods and complete the rallies for the suite of furniture, marble clock, &c.;, the bazaar will be re- opened to morrow (Saturday) for the one night only. Social.—A highly enjoyable social, given by the ladies’ committee connected 'with the All Nations’ Bazaar, was held in the Mechanics’ Hall, on Wednesday even ing, about 90 ladies and gentlemen being present. With dancing, singing, and par lor games the time passed very pleasantly, and an excellent supper was discussed, and altogether the social proved a most fitting i finale to the now historical bazaar. Fruitgrowers’ Association. — The ordinary monthly meeting of the Kyabram Fruitgrowers’ Association was held at the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday even ing, there being present:—Messrs Lan caster (president), J. E. Edis, Fronde. Jas. Allen, Elliot and A. Mollis, secretary. The president said that it had been suggested to print the lecture recently delivered at Kyabram by Mr D. Crichton, on Fruit Culture. The Free Press had given a splendid report of the lecture, and it was for those present to say whether it should be printed in pamphlet form or not. Mr Mellis said that the lecture was well worth preserving, but there was such a run on the paper the week it appeared that no copies were available. Mr Edis thought the lecture printed would do good service. Now that the land w.is being cut up into blocks, and its suitability for fruit culture had been demonstrated, the district would Vapidly forge ahead. He moved that the lecture be printed in pamphlet form. Mr Allen seconded.—Carried. The rules and regulations prepared by a sub-committee were read by Mr Elliot and adopted. Water Trust Election.—The com ing election of four commissioners for the Rodney Irrigation Trust is causing considerable excitement. The retiring members arc—Messrs Bray, Wilson and McKenzie. Messrs Bray and McKenzie, old and respected commissioners, will not seek re-election though pressed very hard to do so, but Mr Wilson has decided to be again a candidate and will seek re election. It is considered that it would be a serious mistake at the present time to allow such an able member of the trust to leave, and will, we arc sure, receive a general vote in all parts of the Rodney Trust. New candidates are numerous, amongst the many are Mr James Brady, Tatura North, Mr R. Barker, Qndera, Mr W. Donaldson, Baldwiusville, Mr Ryan Girgarre East and others. A meeting will be held at Merrigum on Monday to nominate a candidate. It is proposed to press Mr Baldwin to come forward, though Mr Baldwin who is an old experi enced commissioner is not over anxious to come into the field. All the above named gentlemen without any exception will he capable commissioners if elected. Mechanics’ Institute.—A meeting of the committee was held on Monday evening, there being present—Messrs B. Goddard (chairman), II. Unitt, Tulloh, T. Unitt, J. Edis, H. Ityan, J. 13. Edis, Allan, Keegan, Faragher, Tehan, and Bishop (secretary). Mr Webb, M.L.A., wrote, re gretting that he was unable to attend the bazaar. A letter was read from the ladies’ bazaar committee, enclosing invitations to the social on Wednesday evening. A vote of thanks was passed to the ladies and the use of the hall granted. Mr Unitt an ' nouuccd that the credit balance from the late concert was £8 10s 8d. Accounts amounting to £18 15s 7d were passed for payment. Mr Bishop’s resignation of the offices of secretary and caretaker, was accepted and steps taken to fill the vacan cies. Mr Allan, on behalf of the Bine Grove offered the whole of their library, 210 volumes, to the institute, pro viding financial members of the associa tion were counted as subscribers up to end of 1S93. The Library committee were empowered to deal with the offer at once. Considerable discussion ensued in regard to the management, of the hall, and it was decided to allow the appointment of care taker, librarian and secretary to be dealt with at nest meeting, the president and Mr Connell being appointed to draw up schedules of duties. New Advektibement.—Mr Walker, of Melbourne, announces elsewhere that he has started business in Kvabram as hair dresser, tobacconist, ifcc. 