B R E VI I E 8. OIGINAL AND OTurnwlsan Portland Band Quadrille Assembly to.tsight. Benevolent Asylum meeting on Friday. Skating to.morrow night at the Orderly Room. The rink is getting popular now. The Bendigo Jockey Club has approved of the Totalisator Bill. The last batch of prisone-s to leave Portland Gaol on Friday. Four publicanc fined for selling inferior spirits. One of the results of the increased duty. Only a week to nomination day and only one candidate for municipal honors yet announced himself. Scant courtesy to the ratepayers. The permanent way men have received intimation that they are only to work five days a week, and they are not pleased about it. The next Shire Council does not take place till alter the election-on the 80th Inst. The Portland Band Bazaar will take place later on in the season than was at first proposed; not unlikely about Christ. map. mMr. Johnson, a bookmaker, of Sydney' was robbed of about £160 on Monday morning. Burglars got into the house, and amongst the articles stolen were a pair of trousers with £16 in the pockets. A ghost is walking, or rather springing, about the suburbs of Melbourne. A charge of small.shot should hasten his movements. The Legion of Relief Snowball gather ing now reaches £1000, which was obtained chiefly in shilling subseciptions. A correspondent to the Herald com. plains that the Yarrs near the Botanio Gardens bridge looks as if swimming in candle grease. Mr. Gotch, of Gordon and Gotch, has smported a couple of mummies. Mum mies, it may be stated, are nit protected. The Brighton Town Council hare given the Acting Railway Commissioners a matuing. One member says they are sending the country to the dogs, During the insolvency examination of a Melbourne Lutoher it was stated that he had been prosecuted for selling goats' flesh as best lamb. A banquet is to be tendered to .Ir. W. II. Lamilton, late District Traffi Manager on this section, at Stawell on the 13th inst. A very large gathering is anticipated. A number of oases against defaulting ratepnye.s will be heard at the local Court very shortly unless pre:eedings are "otherwise stayed." Four thousand entries hare been received for the Qoyal Agricultural Show. Somewhat significant is the fact that several Western aiatriot stations are cal. ling tenders for carting their wool by teams to Portland. The tender of Messrs. Lane and Water man, of Melbourne, at £1,623, has been aooepted for the erection of a butter fhe. tory at Hamilton and four creameries in the district. For the extraordinary vacancy in the Hamilton Borough Council canedl by the death of the late Mr. W. Thomson, Mr. J. 11. Daymond beat Mr. J. Richards by one vote, the candidates polling 216 and 215 respectively. Mr. D. Wilson could go to Morton to lerture in connection with a proposal to start a butter factory, but could not come here, though he was invited to do so. The Amending Health Bill which the Government is about to introduce into the Legislative Council will give the local boards of health more control over dairies, the disposal of nightsoil, and noxious trades, fhe measure will also simplify the procedure in regard to the prosecution of persons selling butterine as butter. At the meeting of; the Fitzroy Council the mayor informed the council that the experimect adopted four mouths ago of paying for gas for street lamps by measurement instead of by contract at rer lamp has resulted in a saving of £272 15s 7d, as against the former arrangement for the corresponding four months in last year, 