THE TRAGEDY AT HAUNTED STREAM. A TERRIBLE AND MYSTERIOUS CRIME. The investigation of the circum- stances of the death of John Cohen at Stirling, or Haunted Stream, on the 5th August, has been a difficult one, and Detective-sergeant Considine, who has had charge of it, has returned to Mel- bourne without a prisoner, though the death was undoubtedly due to foul play of a more than usually terrible character. His inquiries have not been fruitless. On the contrary, he has obtained much evidence of an important char- acter which may have a grave bearing upon the developments of the details of the tragedy. But at present there is nothing tangible, and though there is a good prospect of the mystery being cleared up there is also a chance that Haunted Stream, which owes — or rather owed, for its name has been changed to Stirling — its name to an unavenged crime, will be noted in the calendar as the scene of a second which has baffled the intelligence of the police. The nature of Detective Considine's evidence cannot yet be revealed, because it is incomplete, and disclosure at this juncture would be extremely unwise, but the broad de- tails of the scene of the crime are available. Haunted Stream, now dignified by the name of Stirling, is a collection of a handful of weatherboard and corru- gated houses and huts situated on the Haunted Stream Creek. It is twelve miles beyond Bairnsdale, and is ap- proached with difficulty. From Bairns- dale a coach runs as far as Omeo, dropping passengers for Stirling at Tambo Crossing. Thence to Stirling, a distance of ten miles has to be ac- complished, according to the capabili- ties of the traveller. If he can ride and has nerve he will succeed well enough. If he cannot he must walk, for there is no driving track. The road is mountanious, and the bridle track at times overhangs steep preci- pices, where a fall would be fatal. Along the route the scenery is charm- ing, and the hills and valleys, which are clothed with good timber, are at present yellowing into gold with the bloom of the wattle. Stirling itself is on the bank of the creek, and its situation, surrounded by hills, is most picturesque. Once a thriving quarts- mining locality, but now a sleepy diggers' hollow, it boasts a population of twenty-two souls all told, and a history rich in traditions, such as are common to all mining townships. The best authenticated of these traditions, and one which holds first place in the estimation of the "people of Stir- ling" because it named the Haunted Stream, is that concerning the death of "Ballarat Harry." He was known by no other name, and in the early days he was a prominent character in the shifting population of the locality. He finally disappeared between the diggings and Omeo, and his mate, who had accompanied him in his prospect- ing excursions, returned alone. The mate, now long since dead, was in pos- session of Ballanat Harry's watch and chain, some of his clothes, and in addi- tion an unusually large amount of money. He explained that he had won them from "Harry" at cards, and that when "Harry" found he was financially crushed he severed the partnership and started off on his own account. What became of him has never been, learned. The mate was arrested and charged with the murder, but as the body could not be found, the charge was abandoned. When the Tichborne case was engaging attention "Ballarat Harry" was commonly credited in that district with being the "Real Sir Roger," and up and down the little Creek mysterious noises were heard at night, and ghostly apparitions were said to have been seen by lonely diggers till the creek gained the repu- tation of being haunted by the ghost of Sir Roger Tichborne, otherwise "Ballarat Harry." Here, where quartz reefing, was at one time suc- cessfully followed, and where a mechanics' institute still stands to mark the prosperous past, John Cohen established a general grocery store. Five years ago he sold it to a man named David Tait, and went to Mel- bourne to carry on the business of a produce merchant in Sydney-road, Bruntwick, but two years or so later he returned and acquired a share in the store. He and Tait continued partners up to thee last, and while Tait followed the pursuit of mining Cohen managed the store. Cohen waas thirty- foar years of age and unmarried. He was of a quiet and sober disposition, and by temperance and frugality and at- tention to builness was generally esteemed to be in comparatively com- fortable financial circumstances. Tait and Cohen slept in the same building —one room, built of zinc and lined with pine boards, 22 ft. long by 18 ft. broad— thirty yards distant from the store, from which it was separated by an empty hut. Next the sleeping- room on the other side was an un- occupied butcher's shop, and these two were separated by a small passage- way blocked at the rear. On Friday night, 5th August, Cohen and Tait went to bed before ten o'clock, the former sleeping in the north-east corner of the room, and the latter in the south-east. Early on the morning of the next day—probably eighteen minutes past three o'clock, as Cohen's watch was found to have slopped at that hour — Edward Cohen, a young man twenty-seven years of age, and brother of John Cohen, who lived a few yards on the western side of the butcher's shop, was awakened by an explosion. He got out of bed, and found that the house occupied by his brother and Tait was in ruins. A hasty glance failed to show him any signs of either of the partners, and he went to the house of a miner named Burt, who lived a hundred yards away, and sought his assistance to explore the ruins. Burt returned with Cohen, and found Tait lying amongst the broken timber alongside his bed, portion of which had been shattered. He was in a dazed condi- tion, and his arms and face were bruised and cut. The body of Cohen was found 40 ft. away, and it bore many injuries, which mast have caused instantaneous death. The building was totally wrecked, and Cohen's body must have been blown through the roof and have fallen where it was found. The preliminary investigation made by the local police revealed that the explosion was due to dynamite placed under the floor of the building im- mediately beneath Cohen's bed, and though this fact of itself was almost sufficient to have demonstrated that the case was one of murder, the jury, by direction at the inquest, returned an open verdict. Later Detective Considine found unmistakable evi- dence that the dynamite had been ignited by fuse reaching from the dynamite to a point in the blind passage-way between the building and the empty butcher's shop, 24 feet away. There were marks of candle grease there, and a portion of the fuse —the "snuff" end— as well. It has been found by experiment that the fuse would take seven and a-half minutes to burn that length, so that after the dynamite had been placed under the floor— a feat easily accom- plished, because the building was raised on piles— and the train of fuse laid and ignited, the murderer (pre- mising that it was a murder) had seven minutes and a-half to make his escape. Even if he had to pass the "township'' the time was ample, because 150 yards would more than cover the ground between Burt's on the east and Edward Cohen's on the west. One thing more, and that of importance, was learned by an ex- amination of the stock at the store. From a stable at the rear, where the explosives were kept, a package of dynamite, 5 lb. in weight, was found to be missing ; and from the store itself, a coil of fuse 24 ft. in length had disappeared. As the length of the fuse corresponds with the indica- tions on the ground, and the wreckage with the strength of the dynamite, it may be accepted as certain that Cohen was blown to pieces by dyna- mite (and fuse) obtained from his own store. The stable was easy of access, but the store was locked on the even- ing of the 5th, and was found undis- turbed after the explosion. The fuse must, therefore, have been taken be- fore closing time. Beyond these details Detective Con- sidine will not yet commit himself. But they are sufficient to stamp Cohen's death as one due to murder. It would have been possible for him to have killed himself in the manner de- scribed, but there is certainly no prob- bability in any such conjecture, even though supported by the knowledge that his mother suffered denth by her own bands, and that, consequently, he may have been predisposed to melan- choly and suicide. Only a madman would have chosen the death he suffered, preceded as it would be by seven and a half minutes of suspense, and probably involving a friend and partnre. He was certainly not mad, and all the evidence therefore points clearly to some dark and, as no money has been missed, to some apparently motiveless crime. The Queensland Executive has con- sidered the case of Francis Horrocks who was condemned to death for the mur- der of Rodulph Wissmuller. It was de- tided that the law should take its course. The execution was fixed for Monday, the 26th instant. 