CRUMBS. King Sleath. Shameful scenes. Ruining their cause. No reBpect for age or sex. A haughty spirit goeth before a fall. Who slavers thee would swallow thee. No dust affec s the eyes like gold duBt. Aren't you ashamed of the Parliament ? Dragging a noble institution in the mire. ■ Inspector LarkinB won't stand any larks. ■ Something rotten in the State of Denmark ' " The Blaok Bear" leaves ruin on his track. Mr. Johnson on "The Morality of Suicide." Robispierre II. in command at Broken Hill. Last chapter of Revelations not oome tp yet. Better Buffer a great wrong than do a little one. The deputation's motives were most laud able. No progressive land or wealth tax this ses sion. Proposed stock tax relinquished by Queens land.' ThebeBt throw of the dice is to throw them away. Man is the head of the house, woman the heart. The Speaker Bhould be provided with a birch. The Premier's rest and quiet again grievously upset. Tried to please everybody with the usual result. Most of the painting at Farliamen is done in blaok. Wanted, a spirit of trust between masters and men. Better build a cottage on land than a castle in the air. He that had not where to lay His head loves poor men. Mr. Eli Joyce's certificate suspended for two years. Mr. Josiah Thomas is an excellent delegate for the men. Self first; country, God, and truth, a long way in the rear. Why not toss up for Ministerial honours? Irreverent Lounger! Bishop Kennion raked in £1,009 16s. 9d. Well done, Anglicans. A test for electors—" Do men gather figs of thornB or grapes of thistleB?" Why is Todd like a twopenny stamp?— Because he is the Post-office head. Eire fiend has destroyed two-thirds of the city of St. John's, Newfoundland. Twenty-two lives and £4,000,000 worth of property lost by the St. John's fire. The fiery furnace that the Ministers have got into doesn't purify, unfortunately. The marked urbanity between Sir John Downer and Hon. C. C. Kingston is sugges tive. Some one suggests that " copies of the Queensberry rules" be laid on the table of the House. " Half our class troubles are born of ignorance of the goodness in one another." Well spoken, Lounger. Parsons can't forgive Playford for having little or no faith in the agricultural lands of the Territory. Mr. Horn, referring to coloured labour, reminded Mr. Cohen that the Fijians didn't object to him. " Nationalise the mines,"after private enter prise has discovered and developed them. Pretty idea that. The condition of the electoral rolls gives a strong suspicion that the census collectors did notldo their duty. Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin says the progressive land tax movement is stronger than ever. What sublime faith. It has been amply demonstrated that many of the mines could not be profitably worked under the old system. Todd's Birthday joke:—Why are farmers troubled with red rust?—Because wheat is cultivated by rustics. Sir. Thomas Esmonde, who visited Aus tralia in the Home Rule cause, has been defeated in the British elections,, A Shakepeariaq text for Brother Holder— I charge thee, fling away ambition; By that sin fell the angels. Miss Spence has spent "fifty-two happy, useful years in South Australia." The Crumb man hopes she may spend many more. According to Mr. Cotton, Dives gave crumbs in charity to Lazarus. The Crumbman, who ought to be an authority, disputes that. Mr. Cohen says the Premier denied to him that he intended to discard tho progressive land tax, and to adopt the progressive wealth tax. The poor and wretched, whatever may have been the cause of their misery, should have Want for their defence and Pity for their counsel. Mr. Glynn would be sorry to think that the temper of the meeting was shared by the bulk of those interested in the Broken Hill' mines. Hear, hear. " If all parties concerned keep their heads cool and their tongues disoreet, we still have hope that a solution of the difficulty will be speedily found." The public is a many-headed monster, with many Bwallows, and will swallow anything, and much more than is good for it. (Vide Broken Hill rumours.) Begs delight to bark and bite. For 'tis their nature too; But legis'atms' heads were mode Far better things to oo. Miners afraid that the abolition of day labour will mean that the Companies will obtain the largest amount of labour for the smallest amount of wages. The inhabitants of the moon must be a more benighted people than we are, for their nigiit is equal to fifteen of our nights, probably tbey are lunatics. (Query for Mr. Todd.) At Colingwood and at North and South Melbourne the 'Salvation Army has started giving free breakfasts to children in the morn ing" and free dinners to adults at midday. " Why were tbey afraid to submit the matter to arbitration, more especially when the agreement provided that a Supreme or District Court Judge should act as umpire 1" A Melbourne woman got her husband looked up out of the way, and then sought a divorce on the ground of desertion! This little stroke of genius didn't answer, though. A miner writes that two-thirds of the reports in the Adelaide papers about disturbances at Broken Hill are untrue, but he suggestively adds, " If free labourers are sent up there will surely be loss of life." Mr. Playford doesn't know what the new word "industrial" means, because he con siders the agricultural man an industrial man as much as the mining, or pastoral, or any other man. (Hear, hear.) "All things oome to thoBe who wait" Ensign Robinson wanted a mangle. She has got it. I wonder what part that Register article played in the getting of it? It talks of mangles as well as "Genefals."—War Cry. An Age reporter crept in as a destitute to the Melbourne Night Shelter the other week, and described things from the standpoint of the folk who are themselves relieved by the Social workers. The result has been a very complimentary article. George Muller, of Bristol, is now eighty seven yean of age, and still able to preach a sermon an hour in length. During the last eighteen years he has travelled 150,000 mdes, and preached 3,000 times. But his monument is in his famous orphanage. A pen which has an apparatus at the head end for weighing letters is the most recent novelty. It is being sold in Iiondon under the name of the "postal pen." As it is made to weigh up to 4 oz.t it should also be suitable for small parcels, as well as letters. "As no principle was raised; as it was a question of the devil I knew against Solder with his unknown devils I kept my promise and voted for the Government, although I was not particularly interested in the matter at alL " That's Ash on the late no-oonfidenoe motion. It has long been accepted as a pretty faot in natural history that the bee in its searoh for honey confines itself during at least a single journey to one particular speoies of flower. This any one who takea the trouble to observe the wanderings of bees even for a few minutes will see to be quite untrue. The creature flies from flower to flower just as they come in its way, and appear to it likely to contain the nectar it is seeking. Outside the store of every New York jeweller there hangs, as a sign, an immense imitation watch. The time by all these watch signs is always the same, eighteen minutes past 8. The explanation has a curious historical interest. The manufacture of these jewellers' signs is a monopoly; there is but one factory in New York whence they are turned out. On the night of April 14, in the year 1865, the man who owns that factory was hard at work completing an order for a Broadway jeweller. Suddenly the jeweller rushed in with the news that President Lincoln had been shot in ford's Theatre, at Washington, by John Wilkes Booth. "Paint those hands," he said, pointing to the sign, " at the hour and minute that Lincoln was shot, that the deed may never be forgotten." "I did so," said the sign painter, "and-since that night every watoh sign that has gone out from here has been lettered the same as that one." Obit.—Colonel Hamilton, the Amerioan statesman, fought a duel with Aaron Burr, J and was shot dead as a Sootoh her ring by his antagonist on July 11, 1804. I His father was a Scotch merchant; his mother was a French lady; he was himself born in the West Indies in 1757, educated in M'ew Jersey and Mew York city, and when only eighteen years old hu defended the colo nies against the aggressive policy of Great Britain with so much intellectual vigour that his writings were attributed to the eminent statesman Jay. When ibe War of Indepen dence broke out Ham Iton became the Aide de-Camp and confidential friend of Washing ton, and during bis subsequent eventful career be studied the law; was returned as a represen tative of New York to the Continental Con- ; (tress; became a member of the New York Legislature; took an important part in draw ing up tbe Constitution; was made Secretary to tbe Treasurer: was appointed Major General ; succeeded to the chief command on tbe death of Washington ; and in the very prime and vigour of manhood fell. Obit.—Among the many men who left their "footprints on the sands of time," and de parted on July (i, were the following Henry XI., of England, the monarch whom the Pope of Rome compelled to do penance at Arch bishop Becket's shrine at Canterbury, died 1189\. Pope Benedict XI. gave up the ghost, 1303\. Edward VI., the founder of the Hospitals of Christcliurch, Bridewell, land St. Thomas, and a number of grammar schools, paid the debt of nature, 1553. Archbishop Grindal, a learned prelate, who during tbe reign of Mary found the atmo sphere of England too stifling for him, and in consequence made tracks for Germany, expired in 1583. Humphrey Wanley, archeeologist aud bibliographist, quitted his mortal frame, 1726. Michael Bruce, a talented and promising Scotch poet, joined the great majority at tbe early age of 21 ml761. Granville Sharp, theunoompromising advocate of the abolition of negro slavery, was delivered of the burden of the flesh, 1813. Madam Blanchard, the famous aeronaut, was killed by a fall from a balloon at Paris, 1819. Sir Henry Baeburn, the famous Scotch por nnintofi ViAVfinf) tfhfl 1 fiPJl. trait painter, entered " beyond the gate," 1823. Having been knighted one day by George III., tbe wits of the day said they saw the Ray-burn in the (k)night. Obit.—Yes; even the cold and desolate regions of Sweden, bounded by the Gulf of Bothnia, have produced some warm-hearted and intelligent children of the dust. Dost thou not recall the name of Torbern Olof Bergmann, who made Mb quietus July 8,1784? He was educated at Upsa\ and made con siderable progresB in the study of medicine, chemistry, and the kindred scienoes. But he is principally known as a naturalist. Having gained the friendsMp of the illustrious LinmeuB, and communicated to him a collection of undescribed insects, the latter f ave to one of them the name of Bergmann. n 1761 he was appointed. Professor of Mathe matics and Natural Philosophy at Upsal, and his name occurs in the list of those who observed the transit of Venus in 1761- In 17C7 he was appointed Professor of Chemistry, and we are indebted to him for the knowledge of the nature of fixed air, and for a number of chemical experiments. Bergmnnn was knighted yet not B-nighted—by the King of Sweden, and received a pension of 150 lixdollars. His works were published in six volumes, under the title of Opuscule. Phyeica et Cheinioa.—So much for Ib-igmatin. Obit.—This is the 130th anniversary of the death of Dr. Bradley, who was a clergyman, a layman, an astronomer, and a mathematician all rolled into one When Sir Isaac Newton was an old man Bradley was a vnung man : yet the illustrious Sir Isaac paid Brad ey the eomplinient of being '• the best astronomer in Europe." He entered the Church in early life, but at the ago of twenty-nine he was appointed Savilian Professor or Astro nomy at Oxford, and he then resigned his livings. In 1741 he succeeded Dr. Halley as Astronomer Royal, when the Oxford Universitv presented him with the degree of D.D. In the fifth year of Ma office 1 he addressed a letter to the Earl of Maccles field on the apparent motion of the fixed stars, for which he received the gold medal of the Royal Society. In 1748 he obtained a grant of £1,000 to procure instruments tor the Greenwich Observatory, and subsequently an annual pension of £250 was granted him. He was a remarkably careful observer of celestial phenomena, and at his death he left behind him in manuscript the result of 60.000 obser vations, which were subsequently published. Fax.—You of court ehaveheard of Protagoras, the Greek sophiBt, the disciple of Democritus. He wrote some books to prove tbe nqn-existenoe of the gods. But the pious Athenians burned them—the books, not the gods—that would have been cruel. Well, this said Protagoras agreed to instruct Evalthus in rhetoric on con dition that the latter should pay him a oertain sum if he gained his first cause. Evalthus when instructed in all the precepts of the art refused to pay Protagoras, who therefore sued him before the Areopagus, and said to the Judges—"Any verdict you may give will be in my favour. If it is on my side it carries the condemnation of Evalthus; if against me be must pay me, because he will gain his first cause." " I am content to abide the issue," replied Evalthus. "If the Judges pronounoe in my favour you will be condemned; if they pronounce for you then according to our agree ment I owe you nothing." There's logic for you, my boy. Well, toe Judges intimated that they required time to consider their ver dict, and ordered the pleaders to reappear before the Court 100 years afterwards, which they didn't. learn, and inwaraty digest what follows. Our indefatigable historiographer has hunted it up fory our special edification:—"In 1772 J. G. died at Lambeth,, and his will contained the following complimentary referenoe to his beloved spouse—'Whereas it was my mis fortune to be made very uneasy by my wife Elizabeth for many years, from our mar riage, by her - turbulent, behaviour,, for she was not content with despising my admonitions, but she contrived every method to make me unhappy. She was so perverse in her nature that she would not be reolaimed, but seemed to be born only to be a plague to me. The strength of Samson, th9 knowledge of Homer, the prudence of, Au gustus, the cunning of Fhyrrns, the patienoe of Job, the subtlety of Hannibal, and the watchfulness of Hermogenes could not have been sufficient to subdue her, for no skill nor force in the world would make her good; and ae we have lived several years separate, and apart from each other eight years, and she having perverted her son to leave and totally abandon me, therefore I give her one shilling.'" How kind! But I guess there was no love lost— what say you? Pax.—There is in this tiny planet of ouro a continent named Europe, andin Europe there is a country named England, and in England there is a oounty named Devonshire, and in Devonshire there is a village named West AUington, and in WeBt Allington Churchyard there is a tombstone bearing this strange epitaph: — HERE lyeth the Body of Daniel Jeffery the Bon of Mich ael Jeffery and Joan bis Wife lie was buried ye 12 day of September 1746 and ye »8th year of his age This Youth Wmii In his sickness lay did for the minister Send+that he would Come and With liim Pray+but lie would not atend But when this young man Burled was The minister did him admit+he should be Caried into Church+tbat be might money geet By this you See what man will dwo+to geet money if be can+who did refuse to come pray+by the Foresaid young man." 