A GHOST TARN. | — > I Ibare afia been asked if I ever sswa gfasKt, | ; aadhavertwajs been Obfiged to answer that I j i never did, although Iimre been girai eray , | focftftj for interviews wito uneazmv fclk. I ; nevec saw any Hang thatl coald ratWagt tor 1 | zn a natural way, bat when it come to hearing i : aghast, I can truly say that I bare bad a ;; j pespil&r; and not altogrther agreeaHe ex- | | pmeae& j Some iscredsilous person may ask, bene, ? | ho w I know toe sound I heard was made fay j ;agfaort le&nonly; say that toe same perdue ; force tiiateoHvmwd toe warning amid to my ; i bodily sessk coBeOei me to sccft ft from . i tteiOTpsnstsraiwodd. I am sore in ray own I msnd tort a tozrd Eeourzenoe of tort unholy j ; noise would have sezioay injured me m ) \ soens way. I fairs passed toxOTgfa peek by 5 ; feeand floc, but never felt myEeif in auto ; I ferrifafo danger as I did when that Thing of I 5 sound envefoped me witoftegrira&oe; of deto. ) I B earn to me when I was happy and eoa- I tented in twtw, raid with no of toe ; OTpeEQ&tazal; banging over me, and at an boor ' e vfaaiffaeirorid was flooded in esaifaiaE, : I toe ck»ee of a balmy summer cay. ; I wot rzsftfog a coaKii between whom and myself exirted. a strong rnA <jf Htmgl a | natural regard that made us mere than rela- ; ; turns — dear frfondv — and ft wbe while I was at i ; faerkflasethit eorarthiog T><i niL-- ! 1 eountatlg acaged to me. I I wot wriiii a tetter, eftting at a dtc ; , wbkhbad belonged to my sunt, now d&seesed.; ; She, good woman, bad sraifaiied a Htrio £oe I fame, and fiais desk of h&a; was L&okel; upra i as a mezed relic in the family. You can write your fottee on rastb's j deck.99 eeM ray casaa Basline ; " faotj" | added, " that is a privilege we would not gire I to evsroae. Petoaneyoa will fwl cmm jj»- 1 ftation thae; I aiiraye do." | Xor, I bad sever liked my suet, good 1 woman ifafingfa toe was, principally. I t'alwfc-, | became ehe ©id not Hke me, but my memory of iter was aeoasr plesasg "v laspazmg. I fe«m - fooked apce her as narrow and sdf-ripfcfaon t However, X was quite williisg to cat at ; rosewood desk with its pcrtfy entourage of "tng msterzala, xta bvosrs and vs.jeU1 paper- wriLt, from whch the composed ; feataregox Anni Maria looked teoth with photo- i grafted dfttinctnes. I bad my tetter half Wwfi pSffd to i fopk oat on toe wrsteva eonset torosgh the bay \ »udffT infroiit ofaie, when, hzng ! wentsoene- toing Kkp an exoaoi In the dsst— « zeomzk- abfoaoo&d.; I jumped to my fert in alarm, «iyi lyfel at my cfwqnj who sat near Tnf> reading composedly. "DM you bear thrtr"' I asked in tzemblinv tones. "I dM not bear anyiinng,99 she answered qnfowy; "you are nervous, Mm." " But ifiidy you beard that load n©? in toe desk?" "There ft notorng to make a noise there," toe said, and going to toe dmk she thre w open toe cover and showed me the inside. Xo, there was nothzng tfaas I recovered myself pKEeento resumed my writing, arf>kw.g I moved toe desk in some way to cause the rtzange sound I beard, T i-cicfrng- th&fnfiignt; in irtter pd wot aol interested m telling it, when ani thae came a loud "bang" fa«i tiie nifflie of the flfsk, exactly under the cover. It was so loud and kthi pg that I was sure P&ateBe; must have heard ft. tnns I fid not jump up, but moved mv chair back quite suddenly. " Whet :s it now?" asked my cou xa gcol- hsmouredlT. " D d you not heir It then ?" " Hear wbtt, mav I askr" " A loud ro"62 like a report in the You ran t htVi ft. "I wish you would cot be rematicniL Myra," answered my oourin. 44 Tat desk i vey EcC.ed to me. My mc4hcr died there, end when we "oind ber she lay wito ber bead aa the deck as if asteep. She sat in that Tiiy cbair." Tlunlknew as will aa if I w seen ber wito my bodily eyes thai fay some mysterious agency my aunt bad come back from the dread unknown to signify ber displeasure at mv sitting in her place. And I took good care teat she was never troubled ageia. 2ioi for worlds would I have eat at toe desk during the hriaf time of my shortened rtay. I have been asked many times what the noise resembled. I can only answer that ft was like nothing I had ever heard before, but if I could imagine toa sound of a Mow struck by a dead. hand, I would compare ft to that. It made every nerve conscious of its jxresence when ft gmflstadfvui%. 