: A PHAiros pohtbut. "Dear Mike : Will yon look in at my shop this evening ? Quiller is in town, and is going to dine with mo at the club. ' I can't stand, an evening of him alone, but if you and Teddy O'Brien will support the, with pipes and potations, 1 think we shall be a match for liim. Come early and I'm your friend for life, , Dick Graves." I had nothing particular to do, so I sent wbrd round to Dick that I should turn up, having first made sure that Teddy O'Brien, whose studio was in the same block, would go also. Quiller wo knew of old, as all the world knew, him — a man who had- seen everything; done everything, been every where — and these occasional visits of his were a perpetual terror to Graves. Why he paid them we never knew. There was a kind of traditional friendship between the families certainly, hut Quiller was a man who scoffed at tradition. He was in every way out of sympathy with a set of ardent and . impecunious painters. As journalist, as traveller, as. man of the world, he had outlived his enthusiasms. Life con tained no new experiences, no surprises for him. It was only a monotonous round of the known and the expected. Dick Grayes, who usually shone as a host, was not at his best that evening. He was nervobB at first, tind rather silent, leaving tbfe burden of talk to Teddy and myself ; and we had - the ill-luck as -the punch circu lated to light on a vein of humorous stories, at' which we laughed consumedly ourselves without evoking even a smile from the guest of the evening. Will you fellows look over my Cornish sketches ?" Baid Graves, suddenly jumping up in desperation. "I think there are some you have not seen and he began to rummage about among a pile of old can vases.' . . Quiller resumed his seat and sat half- absently, half-contemptuonsly watching us as we turned over the paintings ; possibly he was amused by our jargon of " tone " and " quality " and .the rest. At length I picked up from the heap a painting that caught my eye and propped it on the easel near the lamp. It was quite unlike Graves' usual work, and I stood looking at it for a moment, not quite knowing why I did so. It was the head of a young woman, pale and slightly worn. She was leaning a little forward, looking out of the picture, her mouth parted by a slight, tremulous smile, and in her eyes a look that was a strange mingling of emotions, as if a new hope and happiness had come into a life of sorrow — a look half- wistfnl, half-exultant. I turned to speak to Graves and saw that Quiller had got up and was standing gazing at the picture with a look- of fascination or of fear. Here at last was something that interested him. "Where did you get that?" he asked, abruptly, " What do you think of it ? " said Graves, Blowly. "It'B a good head," said Teddy O'Brien. It's a wonderful model," said I. "A face to huuDt one," said Quiller, In a tone quite unlike his ordinary oynical one. . "Ab, that's it," said Graves, " It's more than human." Who iB it?" said Quiller, in his abrupt way again. . " 'Pon my soul, I can't tell yon, for I don't knoW. It's' a. qneer story, and ono I'm almost ashanied to ask you believe. I wont blame you if you think I'm humbugging." 'We'Bettlc'd ourselves by the fire with our pipeB, and Dick began his story in a manner, for him, so unusually grave and impressive that it seemed to leave no room for doubt as to his perfect good faith in the matter. I went into Cornwall, as you know, at the end of ' the summer, and after loafing round Ncwlyh for a while I went to tho South Coast to try and find some place that bad been less painted. I stayed a few days at P61perro,.but it was all so much like tbe smaller exhibitions in town that I could not stand it, and I finally landed at nam- in'g a Bmall seaport town— "where there were no painters and not many visitors. I stayed at the Ship Inn, and looked round for some place to hang up my pallet- After some inquiries I found a small cot. tage which had< boen empty for some time, but which had been evidently used as a studio, for there was a wall knocked out at one side and a good-sized room added, with a high north light. On the south the kitchen and 'parlor,' which opened one into the other, had a view of tho loveliest little har bor in the world. The place was just what I. wanted, and the rent was absurd— only £10 a year ; so I took it for six months, on the understanding I was to keep it on if I chose. I bought a fow tilings to make the place comfortable, and got an old woman to look after it for mo, but I lived most of the time at tho Ship Inn, and just at first I spent very little time at the studio, only taking in my canvases at night. When October set in' cold and . wnt I had to . do some work indoors, und then it was I began to think thero was something queer about the place. One day I had been paintinga young girl from the villugo, the granddaughter of my ancient dame, and I was putting a few touches to the buckground, when I heard a sound close behind me, like a very gentle sigh. I looked round quickly, but thero was no one in sight—no one in tho room, in faCt. 1 wont on painting, with an uncomfortable feeling of something uncanny, and in a fow iniuutes the sound was repeated actually at my car. I dropped my brush with the start I made, and then I went all through tho house to bee if anyone was in it. ' I knew that Annie and her grandmother hod gonq home, and I thought — I hoped — that some poor soul had crept in to shelter from - the rain by the kitchen' fire. Well, there was not a soul near the. place. I lacked up care fully that night when I went back to the inn, and in tbe solace of a glass of grog and a! pipe before 1 went to bed I almost fersuaded myself there was nothing in it. n the morning I had really forgotten it, I fancy, but when I got back to the studio a curious thing had happened. Right across the face in my picture were a couplo of brush-marks, such as yon might muke if you were trying tho tooth of a couvas, completely spoiling my work of the day before. I called np Annie und her grandmother, and accused them of playing tricks. They were indignant at the idea, and finally I had to apologise for my suspicions. Wo searched the house together, but could find no means by which anyone could have entered, and at last 1 waa obliged to conclude that I must have done the damage myself when I let my brushes fall. In a few days, how ever, it became impossible to explain the thing by this or any other natural meant'; constantly my canvases were tampered with,, and 1 grew to have the feeling that after' twilight I was nev'er alone in tho room; that faint sigh, whioh had so startled me at firs"., I came to listen for and expect, and I. began' at last to clothe it with a per sonality, and to wish 1 had seme means' of comforting the poor sonl who had no other language iri which to express her despair. I aid not think 'it was slio who had defaced my'oanvas; however, and I took to carrying my works back with me at night to tho inn, .where they were .secure from inter ference. ." I suppose the thing would have ended there but for an accident. Thero was a raco meeting in the town and tho Ship was in vaded by a low set of fellows, who got drunk and made beasts of themselves generally. The plaeo became unbearable, and I deter mined to camp in. the studio until they cleared out. I mude up a big fire, got my old woman to leave me some hot water in the kettlej and witli help of a rug. and a pillow stuffed into tho back of my chair I" made myself tolerably comfortable for tho night. How long I slept I don't know. I awoke. suddenly, not as ono does in bed, with a drowsy feeling of relief that it is too early to get up, but with every sense on the alert, and a curious impression that some- tuing unusual was Happening. The hrc was still bright, and made a glow on the opposite wall, but what made the room so light was the moon shining in through the square window in the roof, I could see everything in the room quite plainly, but I seemed oppressed by some weight that made me powerless to move. I sat there staring at what happened as helpless as if I had been bound. My painting things were just as I had left them; my canvaB, on which I had sketched in a head, on the easel, and close by on a stool paints, brushes and pallet. They had been thero, that is to say, for now there stood in front of the easel, with his back to me, a tall man, with a stoop in his shoulders, and dark grey hair ; he had my pallet in his hand,. and he was painting with u sort of nervons intensity that it thrilled one to see. ' I looked to see what he was painting, for he kept glancing over toward the patch in the moonlight ; but at first 1 could see nothing. Then I heard that little gentle sigh, bat not, it seemed to me, so utterly weary aud heartbroken as formerly ; it was a sigh almost of content. And as I pondered on this my eyes seemed to become more accustomed to the light, and there in the moonlight, on the very chair in which Annie iiad sat, was a woman, leaning slightly forward, young, beautiful, and very pale — but you have seen tho picture. I looked at her.inore than at him, only glan cing now and than to see how the work went an. As I watched her the face changed, and the sorrowful, worn look gave place to a kind of wondering happiness — he has not quite got it in tho picture ; it was as if the feeling were so intense it made a kind of radiance round her. I don't know how I watched. At last a sound made me turn and look at the painter ; he had thrown down the pallet and brushes, and was stand ing looking at his work ; then lie turned slowly and held out his hands with a sup plicating gesture. She had risen, too, and came a step forward with a wondorful light in her eyes, and just as she put her hands in his a cloud crossed over the moon and blotted out the figures from my sight. When it passed the patch of moonlight was empty, and thero was only tho painted head and the E allot lying on the floor to convince me I ad not baen dreaming. After that I must have fallen asleep, for it was broad daylight when I next remembered anything, and I heard the welcome and familiar sound of my old woman preparing my breakfast. The smell of frying pilchards wa3 refresh ingly mundane, and I got up stiff and sore from my uneasy couch, prepared to find that my phantoms of tho night before had been nothing but a dream. No ; there was the picture, just as you see it, and on the floor were tho pallet and brushes. I picked them up, and looked curiously at them. If you'll bolievo me, I could never make up my mind to clean the paint off that pallet, and it hangs there just as that fellow loft it." We sat silent for some minutes when Graves had done. I confess the story im pressed me a good deal, and, glancing up, I could see that Quiller was strangely moved. "And did you never have any explana tion of tho thing ?" said I at last. "No," said Graves, "I never had any explanation, and I don't suppose I ever shall." Quiller had risen and stood near the fire. " I think I can give it," he said, knock ing the ashes out of his pipe. Graves stared at him ; no one spoke, and he went on as if unwillingly : "That must have beon Drake's cottage you had ; ho was bore before your time — I dare say you nevor heard of him. He lived there with his wife— and that's her por trait." Graves' Btare of surprise became more pro found, and Teddy and I looked on in silent wonder. Qnilier went on, speaking like a man that has been carried quite out of him self ; " There was a tragio story told about Drake and his wife. He was a good dfial older than she, and changeable and moody in his ways ; and she, poor child, was ambi tious to help him to be great. At first bo was tender and thoughtful towards her, and then he seemed to forget how fragile and sensitive Bhe was— he neglected her, and grew more and more' moroBe and moody, Ho used to get very savage about his models, and complain that it was im possible to got anyone with intelligence enough to sit decently. Once his wife asked him whether she could not sometimes help him by sitting, and he only laughod at hor, I remember. ' You — you !' he said ; that was all. Then the poor child had an illness, which, if she had been happier, might have ended differently, and been a new hnppiness to both of them ; but slio was too worn out with sorrow and dis appointment, and in tho end she died. In her delirium she was alwayB calling to hor husband, " Let me holp you ; lot mo bo of some use ; only once, dear ; paint mo only once ;' and poor Drake, who woke up to a sense of his loss, was heart-broken at his in ability to satisfy hor. The teuderest and most passionate toncsof his voice never roached her, utid she died without over knowing him again. After that Drake was a changed man ; ho seemed to havo only ono idea — to paint the portrait of his wife. Cnnvus after .canvas he spoiled, aud when I went to see him ho would say : ' -She cannot rest until I have done it. I must succeed ; sooner or later I must satisfy her.' At length he be came so unmanageable, eatiDg nothing and. spending long, sleoplcss nights walking about tho country, tiiat his friends came and took him away. He died some months after in an aBylum." ' By Jove !" said Teddy O'Brien when Quiller had finished, and then relapsed into silence. I looked at Graves, but he was lost in a wonderment too deep for words. " Tho portrait's very like her," Baid Quiller, with a strange awe in his tone. "I'm glad poor Drake succeeded at last." " You think — — " said I, and broko off. Quiller was 'putting on his coat. He answered my unspoken question with a solemnity for which I was not prepared. " For 22 years those two poor ghosts havo been waiting their opportunity. Let us be thankful that iu the end they found it." He seemed to forget to take leave of us in any way and went without another word. As the door closed each of us drew a deep breath of relief. Dick raised his head with an air of stupefaction. " That's a mm story," said Teddy O'Brien. " Why did yon never tell it before ? " "Tho rummiest thing about it is the sequel," eaiil L "Dick, old man, is your part true ? " "I don't know," said Dick; "I begin to think it must be." "Great Scotland Yard!" said Teddy O'Brien, " did you make it up ? " " Every word of it— on the Bpur of the moment." " Did you know — — " "Not a word. Quiller seemed struck by that picture, and it was tho only sign of human interest ho had shown, sol thought I'd humor him. I didn't mean a ghost story when I began, but it Bomehow developed into that. _ I would have given it good deal to take a rise out of him, but I never hoped for anything so complete as thia.". "It was a curious coincidence that you should' have taken Drake's cottoce," said Mr. O'Brien. / "Yes," said Dick dryly; "bnt tho most curious part of it all is that the cottage wob made up, too." " Great Scotland Yard 1" said Teddy O'Brien again. " And wlio, painted the head?" " I painted it myself," said Dick, " and I begin to think it must be a deuced good pic ture." 