PUBLIC SCHOOL CONCERT.- This concert, which has been eagerly looked forward to for some time past, came off in Mr. Ross's hall on Friday night. No efforts had been spared by the eneorprising and energetic teacher, Mr. Price, to make his pupils toe the mark in good form, and it must be said his efforts were eminently successful, as the various songs sung by the children were rendered in a manner that showed careful training, and not a single mistake was made ; the recita tions too were really good, and one " little dot," Carrie Price, only five years of age, recited her piece in a most creditable and sell- possessed manner, showers of bouquets greeting the little fairy on her re- appearance. Among the adults who rendered most valu able assistance were the Misses Robertson and Mrs. Goodhew, who are always to the fore when their assistance is required. Mr. E. W. Evans made his first appearance before a Taralga audience and at once estab lished himself a firm favourite; in fact his singing on Friday was a feature of the concert. Financially, I am glad to say, the concert was also a great success, the atten dance being very large; and I am sure a handsome sum will be realised, quite sufficient I hope for the fencing-in of the trees planted on arbor day. At the con clusion of the entertainment a hearty vote of thanks by acclamation was accorded the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted and the pupils for the able manner in which they had carried out the programme, Mr. W. H. Whiting J.P., a member of the school board, asking the audience to signify their apprecia tion in this manner. The following in a detailed account of the various itome on the programme :-Song, Ouckoo Now in Calling, pupils; song, The Skipper's Flog, Mr. E. W. Evans; recitation, The Little Darling's Shoe, Sarah Austin; duet, Juanita, Misses Robertson; soang, The Battle of Trafalgar, pupils; comia song, Any body'a Rooney, Mr. Butler; recitation, Jenny Lee, Alice White; song, Driven from Home, Mr. Goodhew-ancored; song, Ye Banks and Brass, pupils. Intermission of ten minutea. Second part-Song, Now Com rades, pupils; song, When Sparrown Build, Miss Robertson; recitation, Work Before Play, Carrie Price; comic song, Mrs. Jones' Musical Party, Mr. E. W. Evans--ncored ; in response Mr. Evans gave I Likes a Drop of Good Beer; song, The Bay of Biscay, pupils; duet, Yesterday, Misses Bobertson; recitation, The Wreck of the Hesperno, Albert Horne; song, The Mill, pupils. The entertainment concluded with a nigger fanro, Grandmother's Ghost, in which the dramatis personn were Meanrs. McWilliams, Denning, E. Mann, and W. Hillas, overy one of whom proved himaolf a " born nigger," the get-up in particular being very good. The National Anthem was song before disepraing. Miss Thompson acted as accompanist. ?otCean.--TAnaLa v, TrcUoans.-A very interesting match took place here on Satur day last between teams representing the above. The game was really well contested and was decided on the first innings in favour of the gentlemen "who teach the young how to shoot," by 28 runs. For the winners those who reached double figures were-Rutter 29, Price 22, Hewitt 18, and McKinnon 18. For the losers-Evans 21, and German 11 wore the only ones who reached double figures. The fielding on both sides was fair, although aundriea 19 in rather a black mark against thbo agility of the gentle men behind the wickets for the teachers. The bowling was well up to the mark on both sides. I have beard theoa teams will meet again shortly, when I expeot to sea Taralga make a big effort to retrieva the loss of this match. Following are the scores: C. Rose, e. Nlehoan, b. O'rioen.... 0 F. Eaaa,ma? n ut ................0 A. Dnatiog, b. O'Brien ............ A. Pearce, b. iMoinnon .......... - I \-- aornma, e. Long, b. Butter.... 11 II. Ohbanterie, run out.............. \-- Mc Wllitams, c. and b. uttr.. 1 M. Tinoo, at. Prleo......? ........ 6 J.a Mlosne, nb. Fenie..;.... ' 0 W. Hills, e. Long.,. e ............. 2 A.Bntrte, not out ....... ... 6 onodiea ..........n........ 19 02 S. TEAedUEnn a Batter, a, MsoWrlllams, b. Gorman t29 J. Hewtt, a. Goermna. b. olonoy.. 18an S - O'den, a. and b. Garman..... 7 F. Nlteolls, b. German.... a at. i. arleog,o. Dnoenntn,b . Lson, 2ao \--h baoer, b. E ran n ............... 0 . M oKinn, b. Evans ........... 18 J. titckn,, b. Oorman ............. E. Lona , b. Dnonnig .............. \-- Peerri?S, b. Dennineg ............. \--Neal, notout .................. t Sundries ................... 8 nat OU0 SnrET..-- What in by courtesy termed Orchard.street, but what in good old Anglo Saxon parlance is in wet weather nothing more than a "darned pud-muddle" ie looking nlo at the present time. I don't know the particular soperintendent who has the control of this thoroughfare, or whether anyone ha ; at any rate it is treated nas a sort of "no man's land," and a maintenance man it a rTra avis as far an the street in aoncerned. During the nlate heavy rains water ran ver the street in every direction, and eonsidering that it had no place oleo to go, youa aould hardly blame it, ao the drains and gutters are never cleaned out and most of the underground pipso are stoppedl up altogether. The metal. ling of this street originally cost a good aum of money,'and sorely there in oeufitient traflle in the main etreet of Taralga to juntily a moderato sum being spent in keeping the road in'some sort of decent repair, and I don't know bhat what we might reasonably expet the drains cleaning out now and then, the same as they do on the track to Boron Creak. Bat I supposo as long as we keep quiet and say nothing we will continuea to be ho "patient and long-asuffering," &o.; BTTERn FAeTO?r eo-.-800 gallons of milk are bing received daily at the Taralga fac-. tory, and it is estimated the supply will reach 2000 gallons thii year. Saome 27 1bo of milk are required to make a pound of blutter at the present time. The plggerry will again beha ran by the oompnuy.-At Yalbraith the supply in steadily increaning, and many now ouppliers haveo joined; under the newo mangomoot things are no far going swimmingly. At this factory a similar quantity of milk to that at Taralga was required to yield a pound of butler. A Taralga dairyman, Mr. E. Swan, claims that dnriog the post year fifteen cows yielded a return of over £140 for twica-a.day milking. This given a good avenrage, and showe the ad rnot'ga of twico-adny milking. Clokber 11. 