LADY VAtWOBlH'S DIAMONDS. 1 1 l . ' CHAPTER X. It is about five in the nftornoon, when Nadihe rushes up tho stairs, horrified by ?what she lias just heard in the hall, and flings herself into her friend's arms. '(SWta thing to happen to you!' she cries, in her little rapid fashion. ' The miscreant 1— tho assassin ! Oh Millicenl ! when Brown ' (the butler) Stopped me in tho hall to tell mo the dreadful news, I nearly fainted. Only thefidesef seeing you face to faco to malceiiire of your escape sustained me, and. gave. me strength to get here.' ^Indeed,; she is as pale as a ghost, .and hef eyes' are full of tears. Sweet eyes ! as full ofiove as tears. ' Well, now;you have seen me,' with a laugh, and a gentle shako administered to tbe trembling Nadine, ' cheer up a bit, and let, the blood flow into those wan cheeks. Talking about blood flowing, I'm! glad mine was not let loose last night.' ' Oh 1 don't — don't!' says Nadine, shuddering violently. ??? there, ' there. I have un nerved you, and I ought to be ashamed r-iof. myself. Butt the fact is, I am un lie'ryed myself, only my nervousness has Ma effect of raising a sense of ridicule \ijritJjiB' me; I cannot keep from jesting i on*' last night's adventure, though I dare ? say., to-morrow I shall be prostrated. It is a strange excitement, better not in dulged. Well ! it is an ill wind that 'blows' nobody good. You cannot compel me, tyrant that you are! to stammer over my German to-day.' An ; arrangement bad been entered into-: between them some weeks ago, \- when Millicent had been brought out, 'arid was'supposed to have left her child hood and the school-room behind her. Nadine, for many reasons would not con sent to be her companion. One was be cause she, could not well leave her mother j another because of her engage- i ;jnent to Paul Annerley ; another (was it | ? bo very important?) because she could not give up the tuition of Mr. Duran's little daughter. So Millicent had squared matters by declaring to her ; : auntie that though she considered she knew as. much music as would carry her on through life, her knowledge of Ger man,wa'8 still singularly deficient, and auntie, delighted at this trait of intellect ual' diligence in her niece, had at once ? ^requested Miss Boche to continue her three visits a week to Park Lane as heretofore. /f'Teli me about it,' says Nadine 'breathlessly, her big blue eyes enlarged ./with fear and curiosity. She has seated \--herself on a dainty prie-dieu, and lis leaning forward with clasped bands in an ? attitude highly suggestive of prayer, and . therefore highly suited to the chair. ? Millicent, nothing loath, makes her a present of the entire scene from begin ning to end. ' He might have been a much worse burglar, all things considered, and there is quite a touch of chivalry — a. suspicion \- - of Claud Duval — in the fact of his making me a present of my own locket,' she says, still unable to refrain from turning the whole thing into ridicule. To go to the very root of the matter, it must; be confessed that I am the proud possessor of his heart. He left me that at least.' 'The coward;' says Nadine, clasp ing her pretty hands, !? to attack alone ' one poor woman 1 - Yet, of course, one . .muBt feel-thankful to him. in that - he ?gparedyourlife.' , 'Just barely. But that was my own. rfanlt .The chloroform only lasted for a certain time. I remember reviving, but only sufficiently to call to mind the hateful presence of the man, which ? ^ seemed so close to me even then, when : he'' was gone, that I very foolishly '; 'f«inted.' I had hot yet recovered from that faint when they found me.' ' Poor Mrs Brand ! How the must have suffered.' ' I wonder she let you come to me. ? Strict 'quiet was enjoined— -a regimen that I confess was fast driving me into van unquiet that would have startled them considerably later on.' ' I met her outside the boudoir. She called to me. She said she had to go in and satisfy some people who had ' called to make anxious inquiries about you — — ' ' Nonsense I' — cynically. ' About the lomantic burgler rather.' ' And that she would have to see them, so she would be glad if I would Bit with you for a while. How glad I ?was of the permission ! Bat, Millicent, ? - from what you tell me, I — I don't think the burglar could have been quite a common man.' J' Far from it. Have I not told you ? that ho was a sort of Dick Turpin, or Duval f Certainly my hero's1 voice was squeaky, ' but you can't have everything; and after all some people haven'b got a burglar at all, so J am richer than they. I have his present, to'o, and it isn't often I am presented with pro miscuous' gifts, except by auntie or Uncle Timothy, or you.' Nadine laughs, ' ' My ' gifts !' she says, contemp \- ? tubusH. ' Are the , nicest 1. ' have, because T like them, best; best, that is, all save ' ' v ' 'Your poor Baphires, you mean Oh, ' ' J ''Milliceiifr f : what a cruel thing to take away your lovely jewels. Mis. Brand is distracted about them.' ' Millicent makes a little moue. ' I am not yet quite sure,' blie says ' ? -'saucily, ' whether my murder, or the i -loss of my jewels, would have been the greater calamity. They were the . finest saphires in England, and I am far , ? 'of! being the finest woman — so that really,' on tho whole, I suppose the ? l f'gaphires were the bigger loss 1' She ? , smiles. . But I was not thinking of thofao luckless stonep. I was thinking . . . . rather of a tiny gift that was sent me ' . ? on my last birthday — a fortnight since.' ' You did nob tell me of it.' W '-09? 1'^! tell yoH now. Sho pauses, and stooping forward, takes both Nadine's hands and looks keenly into the girl's beautiful faco. ' You love me ?' sho asks gravely. ' You know that,' returns Nadine, gently. ' Well, I'll trust you.' She lifts^ her hand, and dravvirg up wards a thin gold chain that encirclos her neck, discloses to view a small but exquisite locket attached to the end of it. ^ ' That is it,' sho says, ' That is the gift I prize oven beyond youis. It was Gerald Massareene who gave it to me.' Perhaps she is a little shaken by her Into adventure, because tears stand thickly in the eyes sho has fixed on Nadine. ' Ah, it is not Granit Boyle, then, it is Mr. Massareene,' says Nadine, in a subdued whisper. ' I hardly know — that is, about Gerald. I am perfectly certain about Granit Boyle. . Granit ! How tho name suits him ! He looks as hard as flint. _ Well, it was Gerald gave me this little, sweet, pretty thing a fortnight ago.' ' Why do you wear it hidden ?' ' Why do you ask, my innocent 1 Because I am an engaged young wo man; and young women, when engaged, are not allowed two strings to their bow — though they may have half a hun dred before their engagement, and welcome. Such are the laws of our society land. Yet all laws cannot prevent my loving this little locket better than ? ? She pauses. She had almost said, ' Than the colossal fortune that awaits me on my marriage with Granit Boyle,' and Nadine entirely misunderstands her hesitation. ' Better than Mr. Boyle's presents,' she supplies softly. Millicent throws back her l ead, and, as though drawn by this simple remark out of labyrinth of sentimental reminis cence, sighs first very heavily, and then bursts into a paroxysm of laughter. ' Granil's 2,resen^s ?' she says. ' Will you believe it 1 My affianced husband —my future lord and master — has never yet deigned to lay at my feet any gift, however small. There is con solation in that fact. I owe him, tliere foie, literally nothing.' ' It is strange, is it not ?' says Nadine. ' I am better — or is it worse ? —off than you. Paul, only a week ago, gave me such a lovely .pendant — all a mass of lovely diamonds.' ' That's what I call a lover !' says Miss Gray gaily. ' I believe this Paul of yours is better than you describe him and that you will be happy with him yet. Diamonds, too, and he compara tively speaking poor ! I congratulate you. He has a generous soul.' 'I wish he had not done it,' says.Nadine, looking troubled. ' It is such a costly gift, and — and — it seems to bind me closer to him.' ' It is a great comfort, nevertheless, to know he isn't stingy,' says Miss Grey. ' I have more rings than I know what to do with, but I must say 1 think i,t disgracefully mean of G/anit not to have given me one to mark my betrothal. However, as you have suggested to me, I therefore owe him the less.' ' Never mind him,' says Nadine, quickly. ' For my part, I would rather hear about your burglar. Was ho tall — handsome i' ' Handsome ! Why I couldn't see a feature in his face. .You don't suppose that that sort of person comes round with an open, ingenuous countenance, ready for all men's inspection. If so, you jire mistaken. My burglar came with a mask that prevented me from Beeing the chiselled features that I feel convinced lay beneath it. Altogether, he was not of the common everyday lot that one meets. He was a departure from the regular line. He was strange to me ! Strange ! And yet ? ' Suddenly the half-mocking, wholly gay air she' has used hitherto drops from her, and she turns upon Nadine a startled glance. She leans towards her, and laying her hands upon her shoulders, subjects her to an exhaustive scrutiny. ' I must speak. I must tell you,' she says at last. 'It has weighed upon me ever since, and — and — the others would consider it in the light of a night mare, or else say the idea arose from a feeling of neivous horror; but it did not.' 'You forget I do not understand. What is it, Millicent 1' says Nadine, a little awed by the solemnity of the other's glance. ' Just this : that that terrible burglar from the time he entered my room till he left it seemed strangely familiar. I cannot account for it. His voice I neyer heard befom. He was dressed in the clothes of a common workman, and I know no workman. His face, indeed, was hidden ? ' She stops abruptly, as though oppres sed by some sudden thought. 'Yes; it was hidden,' she says at . last.. Yet I am pursued by a hideous fear that if I could have removed that mark, the features would have been familiar to me !' She sinks back in her chair, looking pale and exhausted. ... . ' It is mere nervousness,' says Nadine tenderly. ' A chimera arising from an overwrought sensibility. Do not think of him again, darling. Best and time will cure you of that foolish phantasy.' 'Nothing Mil cure me of the cer tainty that a face well known to me lay behind that humble mask,' returns Millicent with a shudder. She rallies a little after a while, and a swift smile curves her lips. (To be Continued.) Hon. E. Vickery is applying for a new trial in the case Tressider v. Vickery, recently heard in the Supreme Court, when Mrs. Tressirler, Woonona, obtained a verdict fot £300 for the loss of her husband in the South EMU wiuo, ' 