Sydney Notes. His Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Jersey gave a dinner party at Government House on Joly 4. The guests included Sir William and Lady Windeyer, Sir Benjamin and Lady Benjamin, Captain and Mrs. Fenton, Major and Mrs. Gould, Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell, Miss Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. 0. B. Fair fax, Captain Stewart, Mr. Acland, Mr. Nathan, Captain Lee, and Mr. Goschen. At the Mayoress's (Mrs. W. P. Manning) re- ception at the Town Hall on Monday, July 4, there was an unusually large number of visitors. Sir Patrick and Miss Jennings, Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Suttor and Miss Suttor, Captain and Mrs. Lee, Mrs. Douglas M'Kenzie, Major and Mrs. Airey, Judge and Mrs. Wilkinson, Dr. and Mrs. Garran, and Mrs. F. Aronson were among the callers. . Messrs. Lane's popular Thursday evening assembly at the Now Oddfellows' Hall waa in every was a great success, and tho next will be looked iorward to with pleasure by the largo company pre- sent. Smoke Social.-Tho members of tho Princo Alfred Yacht Club invitod their friends to a smoke social at tho Sydnoy Catering Company's rooms, Pitt-street, on July 8. There waa a large gathering, the chair being taken by tho commodoro (Mr. Harden). Tho Bocial was one of tho bring-your own-Bmokes and buy-your- own-drinks sort, and of course everything passed off smoothly and pleasantly. Songs were sung by Messrs. Fred Leaton, I. Collina, W. Thompson, A. Eoss (banjo), and others. Mr. Fowler, R.A.M., acted as accompanist. I The compl mentary concert and social ' tendered on Wednesday, July 6, at tho Camperdown Town Hall, to Mr. J. Joy, late inspector of nuisances and overseer of works for tho Borough of Camper- down, waa a great success. Among those present wore the Mayor of Camperdown (Alderman Prootor), Aldermen ¡Sparkes, Larkin, Morgan, Cahill, and Probert. At the concert an ex- cellent programme was submitted aa follows : Overture, " Nautch Dance," Duffield's Orchostra; "Romany LOBB," Mr. C. Hudson; "Marguerite," Misa Cora Andrews : " Nea," Mr. W. Lartor ; " Cloao to the Threshold," Mrs. P. E. Hubbard; recitation, "The Bells," Mr. Le Gay Holthouse ; "Stay With Me," Miss Peisley; selections from "The Bohe- mian Girl," Duffield'B Orchestra ; " .Remember me no More," Mr. W. Lartor ; Irish jig, Misa KeyB. Mr. G. T. Cross was an efficient accompanist. After the concert dancing was indulged in till 2 a.m., an excel- lent supper being servod at midnight. Among the ladies dancing were Mrs. Procter, Mrs. B. Morgan, Mrs. Sparkes, Mrs. Delany, Mrs. Hamblin, Misses Procter (two), Miss Hill, Miss Boloher, Misses Porter (two), MÍS8C8 Howe (two), Misses Andrews (two), &o.; Mr. Delany mado an effioient M.O., and tho arrange- ments under the direotion of Mr. Langesohwert were all that could be desired. | Seldom has the Balmain Sohool of Arta presented Buch a pretty and attractive appearance as it did on Tuesday, July 5, when Mr. Roberts gavo a plain and fanoy dress ball to his friends in celebration of his 21st birthday. The floor was in excellent condition, and good musio was provided, so it is almost super- fluous to add that a most enjoyable time wa« spent. At midnight an excellent supper was partaken of, when Mr. E. G. Wise, on behalf of tho gentlemen, presented Mr. Roberts with a handsome travelling trunk. In making the presentation Mr. Wise enumerated the many good qualities of the recipient, who duly responded in a brief but pithy speech. Some very becoming and pretty dresses were worn by the ladies, the more noticeable among them being Miss L. Harper, Lady Sailor ; Misa Mary Caasidy, Cin- derella ; Miss Maggie Cassidy, Monte Carlo; Misa Sarah Cassidy, Russian Spinner; Miss Levy, Mar- guerite ; Miss Fanny Brady, Spanish Lady j Miss Porter, Spring; Mrs. Meeklah, Morning' Star ; Miss Mcoklah, Poppy ; Miss Nicholson, Schoolgirl ; Misa Taylor, Night ; Misa Gaudry, Swiss Peasant ; Miss Roberts, Mari'ana; Miss Hunt, Summer; Miss Foot, Flower Girl ; Miss E. Brown, My Sweet- heart;* Miss Oakley; Gipsy Quoen; Miss Lynam, Folly; Miss M. Lynam, Carmen ; Miss O'Heir, French Cabin Boy; Miss F. Hunt, Grecian costume; Miss Hutchinson, Buttercup; Miss Moran, cream; Miss Fitzpatrick, cream ; Miss Hamilton, cream net; Miss Nelson, pale green nun's veiling; Misses Ruth Hall, Carrick, and Quiun, in evening dress. Among the costumes of the gentlemen may be mentioned : T. Roberts, Middy; E. G. Wise, Charles I. ; H. Thompson, Spaniah Page ; W..T. Holmes, Paul Jones ; G. F. Preddy, Cricketer ; E. Hamilton, Sailor ; R. Aberneathy, Smiler ; J. O'Toole, Lieutenant Artillery ; J. Yeend, Gueisippe; W. Saunders, Princo Charles; 0\. Giles, Jockey ; R. Porter, King Koonooknooboora ; S. Prout, Cricketer; J. Wilson, Cadet. The vocal {>ortion of the entertainment waa by no means tho eaat enjoyable, several songs being Bung by Messrs. H. Levy, A. Penfold, and J. O'Toole. A very enjoyable birthday party was given at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Funnel, Balmain, on July 8, to oelebrato the birthday of their laugh-, ter, May. A well attended social was hold on Friday, July 8, at the Carrington Hall, Castlereagh-street, in connection with the Thistle Club. Mr. A. M'Kie was M.C., and good music for dancing was provided by Messrs. Mason and Tanner's Band. Great pre- parations have been made f or_ the club's annual ball to be. held this week. The Woollahra Private Assembly hold its second ball this season on Fridav evening, tho 1st instant, at NithsdaleJEyde Park. Mr. Noeds's band supplied excellent mueic, and all the neces8ary arrangements wero carried out in a satisfactory man- ner. About 100 guests were present, and the majority of dresses worn were indeed very handsome ana effective. Mrs. Charnier wore a trained gown of cream moire, trimmed profusely with beautiful Maltese lace, tho front of dress being of rich black velvet; Mrs. J. Lane Brown (Strathfield), -black moire, relieved with pink Bilk veiled in jetted net, and diamond necklace ; Misa O'Hara (Woollahra), pink Bilk, completely veiled in Tosca net and knotaof pink roses; Miss Ada O'Hara, white silk, trimmed and bordered moat effec- tively with autumn rose leavea, white Wat- teau streamers, and carrying a pretty floral fan; Miss Giles (Parramatta), cream Bilk, with a wreath of red roses on bodice ; Miss Macnevinin white crépon, Watteau streamers of . samo color, and floral fan of white roses j Miss Birkmyre, white silk with Watteau streamers, of buttercup ; Mrs. Sparke (Potts's Point), a tasteful gown of grey silk edged with pink silk; Misa Sparke, buttercup silk with Watteau streamers of same shade, and carrying a floral fan; Miss Buchanan (Narrabri), in blaok silk trimmed with gold passementerie Amongst the gentlemen present we noticed Mr. W. Wrixon Birk- myre (hon. BOC), Captain Green, Lieutenants Close, Antill, Messrs. Charnier. Brown, Shipway, Wood- house, O'Hara, Dight, Wilahire, Hay. ?The East Sydney Sailing Club Social was held at Leigh House on July 7, and proved as great a Buccess as all the otherB have done. There was not a very large attendance, but this did not interfere with the pleasure of a really good dance'. Messrs. Negus and Notting did their utmost to make everyone happy. A committee meeting of tue Tempe Re-union .waa held at the Town Hall on July 7, Mrs. W. E. Plunkett being in the chair. Apologies were read from Lady Darley and Lady Martin. Mr. Needa'a tender for the supply of an orchestra of12 performers was accepted. In addition to Lord and Lady Jersey, Lord and Lady Charles Scott, the Mayor and Mayoress, many others have accorded their patronage, including the Chief Justice, Lady Darley, Lady Martin, Colonel and Mrs. Spalding, Lady Innes, and Sir Joseph and Lady Abbott. . . Mr. and Mrs. Seed gave their first social of the season at their ballroom, Edward-street, Eedfern, on Friday, July 8; Tho attendance was very large, and a thoroughly enjoyable evening was spent by all. Some very pretty drosses wore worn, that of Miss Stewart, black net with amber lace, being very taste- ful. Mrs. Wotton wore a handsome dress of slate grey satin, with lace and pink ribbons ; Miss Saunders, cream Indian muslin, with flowers; Miss M'Ardle, a nico dress of camel's hair material, with pink silk front, and brown passementerie ; Miss E. M'Ardle, nun's veiling and moss green ribbons ; MÍBS Cowap, nun's veiling and red chiffon; MisB Hill, cream embossed silk with cream chiffon ; Miss Matthews, pink silk with cream laoe and flowers ; Miss M. M'Quirk, white llama with pink chiffon ; Miss Garvoy, white muslin and black lace with pearls ; Mrs. W. Law, blue nun's veiling with lace ; Mrs. Edwards, pink embossed silk with flowers ; Miss Hyndman, cream llama with ruchinjrs of dark volvet ; Mrs. Hutton, fawn cashmere with heliotrope flowers ; Miss E. Bryant, brown cashmore with pink chiffon ; Miss Spoering, cream nun's veil- ing and flowers ; Miss Wood, delaino with heliotrope Bilk and ribbons. Dancing was kept up till mid- night. ' 'i'he annual social of tho East Sydney Sailing Club was held at Loigh Houso on Thursday, July 7, when there wero about 40 couples present. Tho ar- rangements wore admirably carried out, and every one | present enjoyed themselves. Tho floor was in good condition, and a programme of 20 dances was put through to the strains of an excellent band before tho last of the guests departed. Messrp. W. A. Notting, tho commodoro, and W. Negus, the secretary, per- formed tho duties of Ms.C satisfactorily. The annual ball of tho Surroy Unitod Cricket Club, which won tho Korr Cup last season, was held at Leigh House on Tuesday, July 5, and was a bril- liant success. There were over 100 couples present, and dancing was kopt up until a late hour to the strains of an efficient orchestra. The costumes of the ladies were without exception in good taste, among tho most noticeable being Miss Maud Cleary, in white satin and sea green trimmings; Miss Grey, blue silk; Miss Loftus, white satin; Miss Williams, green; Miss Goodman, buttercup; Miss Kerr, pale blue; Miss S. Kerr, heliotrope ; Miss Goodman, cream merveilleux ; Miss Bishop, cream; Miss Landers, pink; Miss Grant, pale bino; Miss Buckle, old gold and net; Miss Bruxton, pink; Miss M. Smith, pale blue; Miss Craigo, heliotrope; Mrs. Howarth, pink; Mrs. Waters, buttercup silk, gold' bullion fringe trim- mings; Misa Newlands, black . satin ; Miss Follett, canary Batin, silver trimmings; Miss Watson, canary ; Mr*. Sohaohtel, black lace with diamonds ; Miss Wat- son, canary; Miss M'Keown,'black silk and lace; Miss Mackay, red; Miss Gair, black' and old gold ; Miss Martel, blue nun's veiling ; Miss Bauman, white liberty Bilk and trimmings ; MÍBS E. Herbert, Eale green Grecian costume;- Miss May Herbert, uttorcup Grecian costume. At Xi'A venue, Newtown, Mrs. Berna gave a party on June 7, when musio and singing were happily contributed by Mrs. Reusa, Miss Chapman, and Mrs. Maxwell. - MrB. Arthur Board, of Buddha, Waverley, gave a pleasant dance on July 7, when most of tho guests appeared in fancy costumes, which wore ex- ceedingly quaint and becoming. , Tho hostess looked well as Five O'clock Tea. The guests thoroughly ap- preciated their fancy'evening at Buddha. Mrs. Samuel Hordern gave a delightful chil- dren's party at her residence, Darling Point, on July 6, when about 70 young people were merrily enter- tained till far into tho night. The dresses were simple and graceful, and everyone enjoyed the dancing to the utmost. The long skirts now worn are very out of place in tho very dirty Sydney streets, and just as un- pleasant to onlookers aa wearers. In wot weather, when a cloak or jacket is worn, the simple remedy of fastening a thin strap around the waist and pulling tho skirt up through it, will save many a skirt -from getting utterly spoilt. . A very interesting event took place on July 26, when Mr. and Mrs. James Rutledge celebrated their golden wpdding at Trafalgar, Waverley, the resi- dence of their Bon, Dr. Rutledge. The gathering was confined to the members of the family, which repre- sented four generations. Mr. Rutledge is a colonist of 52 y pars standing, having arrived in New South Wales in the year 1840. Th«re were present tho Hon. Arthur Rutledge, M.P., of Brisbane, and Mrs. Rut- ledge, with one son and their eldest daughter ; Mrs. Brunsden Fl.toher and her son, HIBO of Brisbane ; tho Rev. W. Woolla and Mrs. Rutledge and children, of Goulburn ; Dr. and Mrs Rutledgo and family, of Waverley; Mr. and Mrs. P. C. Louat, of Balmain, and family, inoluding Mr. J. R. Louat, architect, of Armidale; Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Parker, 1 of Redfern, and children ; Mrs. Newton and family ; and Mrs. J. S. Connal and son, of Surveyor's Creek Station, New England. Mr. and Mrs. James J. Rutledge, who are residing in the United State3, wero unable to bo present. The Hon. A. Rutledge being the*eldest son conveyed the felici- tations of tho families to the venerable couple. A number of valuable presents and telegrams and letters of congratulation were received. The Endeavor Bowing Club (once Kogarah Bay Club) gave its annual balfip the Kogarah School of Arts on July 8, and raro plants round the walla of the hall lent a special charm to the surroundings. Messrs. C. Matterson and W. Blake as Ms.C. " kept the ball a-folling " to somo purpose from 8 p.m. until tho morning. Tho music consisted of violin (Mr. W. Sharpo) and;piano (Mr. Quail). At midnight the company, consisting of about 30 couples, sat down to an excellent supper set out by Mr. G. H. Rogers. In the matter of dress, tho ladies wero invariably taste- fully attired. Mr. Bird, the energetic hon. secretary of the dub, deserveB every credit for the energy he displayed in working up the ball and bringing it to a successful issue. The f ollowine costumes.were worn : Miss Pritchard, pale- blue nun'B veiling and lace; Miss Iverson, pale-blue satin and lace; Miss Matter Bon, black lace and cardinal ; Miss L. Pritchard, pale blue, with passementerie trimming; Miss Malone, nun'B veiling and chiffon, with pale-blue trimming ; Mra. Matteraon, dark-brown cashmere ; Miss Selman, black lace and cardinal ; Mrs. Bird, crystal lace, not, and buttercups ; Miss M. Pritchard, pink and spangled net ; Miss J. Selman, cream cashmere, lace, and pale blue trimmings ; Miss Stainer, cream satin and lace ; Miss E. Selman, liberty silk, lace and pale-pink trim-, ming; Miss Tracey, black velvet and buttercup ; Miss M. Sergeant, pale-blue cashmere and white lace trimming; Miss Lean, pale-blue satin and white lace; and Miss Sergeant, pole-blue cashmere , and whito laos. At Mossman's Bay a most picturesque and merry ball was given on July 8 by a committee of ladies, who wished to show their appreciation of the excellent dances provided by the gentlemen through tho winter. Nearly all the guests were in fancy cos- tume. Among the best were : Mrs. Parkinson, as French Coquette ; Miss Blanch Senior, La Mascotte ; Miss Bladen, Powder and Patches; Miss Aldrich, Powder and Patohes ; MÍBS White, Grecian ; Miss Sutherland, Red Biding Hood ; Miss L. Eeed, a Nurse ; Miss A. Smith, a Swiss Peasant ; Miss Hunt, Rouge et Noir ; Miss C. Smith, Portia ; Mrs. Robey, Miss George, and several others in academic robes ; Miss Ogilvie, Spanish Gipsy ; Miss Bice, Powder and Patches ; Miss Kelly, a Gleaner ; Miss M'Math, Greek Slave ; Mrs. Hayter, as Lady Sneerwoll ; Miss M. Felmingham, a Nurse ; Misses Romney (2), Student and Masherotto, Juliet, Spanish dress, Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary, Ireland, a richly-clad Gipsy, and Night were very effective. Among ladies in ovening dross wore tho Misses Dind (2), ono in pink, and ono in pink and green ; MÍBS Fraser, in pale blue ; Miss W. Fraser, in shell pink ; Miss G. Fraser, blue ; Miss Smith, black corded silk with jot embroidery ; Miss E. Palmor, pink ; Miss G. Palmer, groy and pink silk with red rosea ; Miss Cameron, pink ; Miss Cameron, black and pink ; Miss Richards, cream : Mrs. H. Smith, palo bluo. The gentlemen woro as follow: Mr. Akeman, a Courtier; Mr. Gibson, Ser- geant Buzfuz ; Mr. B. Hale, Thaddeus ; Mr. Turnor, Jockey ; Mr. N. Bladen, a Brigand ; Mr. F. K. Bladen, Soldier ; Mr. Ogilvie, Paul Jonea ; Mr. Hart- ley, Robin Hood ; Mr. Lipscombe, Student ; Mr. Kidston, B.A. robes ; Mr. Hinton, Cornus ; Mr. Coupples, Q.C. ; Mr. Lyall, Q.C. ; Mr. Eamos, Cap and Gown ; Mr. Geo, Ally Sloper ; Mr. Cook, a Foreigner ; Mr. Blacklock, a Greek ; Mr. Blackwood, a Soldier ; Mr. Cousons, a Stockman. A very successful concert, in aid of prize fund of Glenoak Public School, came off on July 9. The Glenoak Nightingales, four little niggers (Mas- ters Fred, and George Hodges, Ralph Davison, and Horace Lambloy), causo much fun by their rendering of "Of tho Girls I am so Shy," " Nigger Toasts, ' local puns, &o.; " Silver Moonlight," a duet sung by Misses Alice Hodges and Lizzie Davison, was espe- cially sweot. " Apart" and " Broken Pitcher" wore Bung with tasto by Miss Plosner. " Money Matters," duet by Misa Emily Hodges and Mr. W. Holmes, of Oakendale, was spiritedly rendered. " Pierrot " was most pathetically sung by Misa Lizzie Davison, who possesses a promising contralto voice, and her performance of " Nel Selenzio " on Îiianofoi'to was marked both by expression and bril ianoy. Miss Alice Hodge's sweet mezzo-soprano was heard to advantage in "Juanita." "Hunting Eyes ' . waa well sung by Misa Dugdale. Tho songs "Dream On" and "True to Death," by Mr. Davison, judging from the applause, were amongst the best of the evening. " Sweet Spirit Hear My Prayer " was tastefully sung by Miss Emily Hodge, who also accompanied Mrs. Davison in " Nightin- gale's Thrill." " Martha" was played by Mrs. Davison, by request. " Only An Ivy Leaf," by Mis.»es Tranter ; part songs by pupils; "Steering ' and " Nancy Lee," by Mr. W. Holmes, were all well appreciated. Of tho recitations, " Definition of a Kiss," by George Hodges ; Ralph Davison ; " Sau- sage Faction," by Fred Hodgos; Horace Lambloy; " Poetical Chemist," by Fred and Herbert Hodges; "Farmer Numskull and Lawyer," by Herbert Bainton and Herbert Hodos ; "Trying an Experiment," Nellie and Walter Tranter ; dialogue on " Marriage," Maude Bearla Barton ; " Mr. and Mrs. Dolittle," by Nellie Trauler and Fred Hodges ; and " Squabble for Cake," by Maud Barton, Ethel Tranter, and W. Tantorworo \f ell received. ". ? A Concert was held on July ll in the School of Arts, when the programme was very good and not well attended. Mr. H. Massey gave a well reoeiyed Bolo on the piano. Mr. Foxall sang " Qui Vive " and the " Bandit's Life " very well. Mr. M arkell sang an Italian song, "Watching" and "The Flower Girl," with very good effect. A quartette was very well sung by four gentlemen, and Mr. A. Smith sang " In Sheltered Vale," and gave ' a recitation, which was well appreciated. Mr. Walcot's pleasing baritone was heard to advantage in a song. The concert was an excellent one in every way. Mr. John Young's residence, Kentville, Annandale, was the soene on July 11 of a charming festival, when a mask ball was given in honor of Mr. Young's niece, Miss Russell, attaining her majority. The night was balmy as a summer night, and the gardens being lit up with fairy lights, many a curiously-dressed couple, masked and veiled in flowing garments, promenaded up and down the walks, look- ing in the weird moonlight like ghosts. Here and there a black- visaged, darkly-robed figure, perched on the parapets, added to the strangeness of the scene. All round the brightly-lighted halls and ballroom crowds of animated figures clustered laughing gaily at the vain efforts at recognition made. Eyes were the only portion of " the human form divine" to be seen. Whatever people say about speaking eyes, let them go to a masque ball and be disillusioned. Pink masks, blue masks, yellow masks, red masks, black masks, &c.;, worn with corresponding dominoes or widely contrasting colors made a wondrous sight as the wearers whirled in weird dances or gazed out of the pretty Japanese lantern-lit balroom far over the peaceful moonlit water in strange contrast to the merry scene around. Then came the transformation scene ! A bell rang as a dreamy waltz was just making the singular pic- ture complete, and in a moment off went masks and dominoes aa though, by an unfelt breeze, and each emergod from his or her chrysalis as little hurt and as bright as a brilliant butterfly in spring. All the ládieB looked espeoially pretty by dint of contrast with their former attire, which fact should render masque balls popular. Miss Russell wore a most be- coming and lovely yellow brocaded trained silk, wita gold fringe, yellow gauze and gold streamers on the nhoulders, and soft chiffon at tha neck; Mrs. John Young wore a moat becoming costume, the rich striped white and yellow silk and plush was em- broidered down the front with beautiful pearl passementerie, real lace trimmed tho long train and bodice, the whole forming a very handsome dress ; Mrs. Beecroft wore a stylish black silk trimmed with jet, and a cap of blush roses ; Mrs. Mitchell, a most becoming black Bilk with jet passementerie and lace ; Mrs. Daly, blue and white, with blue chiffon; Mrs. Owen, black lace over a cream Batin bodice, with draperies of lace on the skirt ; Miss Rolfe, Bcarlet with .rich bead spangled lace ; Mrs. Gny, handsome light Bilk with cream ribbons ; Mrs. Allerton, pink flowere,1 silk and lace ; Miss Kiaa, becoming white silk ; MÍBS Woods, mauve Bilk and black- velvet ; Miss D. Evans, pic- turesque black velvet ; Miss Keating, dainty cream dross ; Mra, C. Playfair, lovely shade of Chartreuse green ; Miss C. Woods, pink moire ; Mrs. Wells, yellow brocade with black velvet and Watteau back, made in quaint fashion ; Miss Creer, gold and black lace ; Miss Davies, roso pink ; Miss Prescott, mauve ; Misa E. Hùghba, black silk and jet; Miaa M. Forsyth, Balmon pink; Mies Kelly;' white and pale tinted empire sash; Miaa . Thornleigh, cream, and chiffon ; MÍBS Durrell, roso pink; Misa HugheB, cream and gold; Mrs. Brennan, cream and Maltese lace ; Miss Taylor, salmon pink and black ; Miss,Lyne, mauve ; Miss D. Taylor, white Bilk and lace. Among other pretty dresses were a shell pink with a ruffle at the neck, bright sea green, palest primrose, white and'crystal trimming, a very pale mauve, and several becoming black lace gowns. A most dainty and delicious supper was laid amid prettily-arranged fragrant flowers; and all that waa tempting was. there. The guesta all knew each other,, so there was no dreadful solemnity at the table, as there sometimes is. The merriest jokes and gayest laughter Bhowed the enjoyment waa keen. At a later hour the visitors wore asked to All their glasses, and drink to the health of the guost of the evening. The " filling glasses " took a long time owing to wide hospitality of the genial host and hostess. Mr. John Young mada a pleasing and witty little Bpeech, in whioh ho Baid : I have boon all over tho world, but I have never seen any ladies better looking or nicer than the ladies of Now South Wales (cheers), and chief among them my niece, tile lady whoso 21st birthday we celebrate (Renewed cheers.) . Tho toast was heartily drunk. Then Mr. Fred Young replied for his cousin in a feeling speech, and enough humor to show he waa " his father's son," though ha declared he " could not follow in his father's foot« ßtops as far aa speechmaking was concerned." (Cheers.) Tho guests dispersed in the early morning, after having spent an even moro enjoyable evening than over before at thoir kind host's beautiful home. Miss Bessie Doyle gave lier first regular con- cert on July 8 in the Centenary Hall. She wa3 most enthusiastically received, and played Ernst's Conoorto with muon sph'it and brilliancy. The Adagio from Sphor's ninth Concerto showed her phrasing to ad- vantage Tho young artiste played with so much sweetness, powor, and graco that hor listeuers were delighted. Miss Esther Kahn (another pupil of Herr Kret3chman) showed hor telent as a very promising pianist at this concort. 