H o b ak -t M in is te r s ’ A*sO- ; 'e la tio n . CHMSTtAN CONVENTION. Yesterday was devoted to a Christian onvention by the Hobart Ministers' Assoiation, and services were held throughout he day a t the Temperance, Hhll; In the mOtoing. mtih &.i5 to 9, the Bev. s . H. Thckfield conducted a prayer meetng at which there was a large attendance. t i rom 11a.m. to 12.80 p.m. a meeting was t eld for Bible reading and prayer and an ddress was given hy the Rev. W. R. l unningham ob "The Holy Spirit u relation to Christ.1' Tbe speaker ivided bli subject into fohr parts, ranee of. .Christ fipOh Hit caching,His atonement, and is rt&blTecHon.; From 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. nother meeting was held, a t which Pastor cCullough and Mr Dutboit spoke on the ubject of “ rhe Work of the Holy Spirit n relation to Believer*.” Severaljpetoon&l; estimonies of the fit Gp&e; were also Uft. lu8Bh IjVak a large attendance. . h tbe evoking ahpbher|l^g'e as held. .Mr JTohh JWa'cfarlanfeiprhei nd, ^bls plalifotui also occupied by inisters of tbe various dissenting ’bodies f the city, and “ Captain” Winter of the alvation Army, and tbe Choir. After evotional exercises, ahd & short speech y tbe Chairman, the Bev. J. T. Piercey ave an address on “ RscBmwo Ttife BNratt” e Said be believed that tb a t Convention ad befell tbs outcome of much earnest irayer, and that them were Christians in lohart praying that God's people might revive the Holy 8pirit. The great need of he city was an uplifting, and. that must jegin in the Ohttri*llW. lh b te wete Conditions tbat teusk be fulfilled by hOse who Were to receive tbe Holy Ghost. bristiauB hristians pfteh .often got wrong in ttpfititig too uch to ^df. Tbby thbst nhVe the “ Ark s kbfe right place in their hearts. A hristians they were receiving* blessings every day, but best of nil ihey bad the presence of Jesus Christ within tJiom..Thb Spirit had striven Mth fill, but all had not re'deiv’ed lb. To receiye the Spirit everything must be completely surrendered to God. It was a painful education, for it meant an abolition of everything coimfectett with sett. Thfe hexi stop was to confess their uncleanhesa, and ..be purged from it and be made fit • for the Master’s use. Then there was a waiting for tbe gift qf tbe Father—the Holy GhoStin itopowef for Service to believers. This receiving of the Holy Spirit was an entirely personal act. Those conditions were as he personally had experienced, and he prayed that God would help each of them that night to fulfil them. L ed hy tub Sp ir it . , The Rev. D. B. Bridgwood said m Epistle totbefioHlftnswasfOiindtbefollowing passage.—“ As many to are led by tbe Spirit qf Cyjd (hey ^ere tU? fH?U5 df Godj” aftd tgalii m another jiart of the Ribte wai to be found, “ If ye be led by the Spirit ye are not under the law.” Rut it was not enough to drpw.their thfetnes tod arguptfiAto froHvSrriptiil'U, they uiust compute bpirivual things with spiritual. The^whale root of being led by the Spirit lay in tbe faot of the presence of the Spirit with the bsliever. The work of the Holy Ghost could not be confined to any special time or act. l'he Spirit Came to. stay(1 must be nbt finly at fcbelr rtfebV.^ it riltift ,hp ttteir tight hand. The Tbe leading of the Spirit included not only its contiuual presence, but also knowledge of the way. The Spirit had a active end animating effect.,. leadui_ of the Spirit iwh^Uted nrssj of-all cq . light. Witbo*it.)h£ ny’ht of the, Spuat.a man wan likes, beautiful iandscajie in the darkness of the night. Next there was strength. There'waa a continual supply of strength and wisdom supplied by the Holy Spirit at every step taken by the believer. But tight and strength were not only requisites, a third thing necessary, viz.. Direction. This in Boma ways the crowning work of Spirit. Iu being guided by the Holy Ghost the believ.or must to very responsive. God led them with Hie eye, and they must do His will lovingly. After receiving tbe Spirit there was a great deal for the Spirit to do, and might to present open their hearts and minds for tbat F illed w ith t h e S pik it. In hiB address, the Rev. C. H. Talbot said the Spirit was present in the world before Christ’s exaltation, but a special spiritual manifestation was given on tl Day of Pentecost to the disciples' spiritual equipment for tbe work they were to perform in the world. Ho kce «■ from God's Holy Word that a continuance of these special manifestations might be expected. Each disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ absolutely needed Special equipment far successful service i the vineyatd of the Lord. Several instances of this special equipment of the Holy Ghost at special times were mentioned in the Bible, This special pouring out of God’s Spirit applied to our own times just as much as it did then. God had said “ I will pour out My Spirit upon My servants and upon My handmaidens." If they were filled with this Spirit tbeir endcavore to do good would meet with much greater success. Preachers Wore justified in expecting a special blessing when they put forth special efforts in the delivery of God’s message. To to filled with the Holy Spirit it was necessary to fulfil certain conditions—(1) They must be of one accord. It was not wrong to differ on some of the minor points in their methods of worship, but it was wrong when these small differences were allowed to interfere with tbe great fundamental truth, (2) they must beobedientto the voice of God, and (3) their eye must bo Bingle that their whole body might bo filled with the light. They must to pure in heart, and let nothing stain tbe soul thi been washed in the Blood of the From the fulfilment of these conditions many good results would follow. The proceedings were brought to a close by prayer and singing, and the pronouncing of the Benediction by the Bev. C. ” Talbot. Several persons in response'to appeal from the Chairman expressed their desire fora fuller knowledge of the Holy Spirit, and the meeting was mootjdevotioual and enthusiastic. ^ 