aiMgniiy 'Ifiboit?' Story flrom Peterborough A FRIGHTFUL 8CABE. The peopled Peterborough ire greatly dis turbed concerning the extraordinary proceed ings o£ a ghost. Some months ago a small house in 'Maybr's'-walk w to- let.'end it 'was taken by a railn^y man, named Bimpa, whose family oonsiiled wile, brother, wile's brother, and three children. Ever einoe going into the house they have-b""' subjeeted to the moat extraordinary and lei ing experiences, until they driven frpui the place.. For a long time they believed they were being mode the subject of a practical joke, and every means wu adopted to discover the perpetrators. Neighbors and. others were called in, who bad all night watching, but tliey fled from the place u terror, j&' private detective, who had Men oaooeaiiul m exposing impostures of * Mostly charactpr,wps also called ill, but he fled twfore the morning dawned. While the inmttes wen in bed an invisible hand lifted the bed clotheB.andthrfcwtbemon thefloor. The doors would be shaken with great violence. Oo one each occasion a door was partly broken, although fiimes was in the room at the time. But, perhaps the most terrifying part of the prooeedin^B was the unearthly noises that accompanied these manifestations. One wit ness states that it was like a portion of the house tailing in withaoraah. Another de scribed it oil though a cartload ot bricks had been tipped.lufr in.the house.- The noises varied, and /occasionally were like a table laden with crockery, being overturned. The private dete&ive; toyshebterd what he imagined to be a eack ol coals' drawn.along the landing, and then thrown down the Btairs. Strange to say, however, although the noises wero so great as to alarm all the neighbors, nothing in the house was ever found displaced. The visitations were almost invariably preeedod by a low humming noise, as if caused by a rushing wind. The neighbors dcclare that houses have been shaken as if by the report of cannon, The noises were not always BO dreadful. The Friday before Christmas Say, and the last night but ono of the old year, were said to he the worst, and the noises on those days arc Mud to have been most hideous, while several of the other houses in the vicinity were shaken, and I'm residents were awakened by the noise and greatly alarmed. A number of witnesses, who had volunteered to watch in and about the house, ail declare them selves ipoapable ot explaining the extraordinary pheaoDjoua they witnessed. An attempt has been made to burn down the Stripping Federation oftioc at Dundee. 