FIFTY LASHES. ; A, Maori War Incident. ' . IN FOUIt OHAPTERS. .. r BY- ATIIA VVBSTDURY. >;r : - CHAPTER I. \--A full aumjnpr moon ovprhoad, caoling ' con athwart' tho troosiu '? KP-!,9«o Domain, Auckland, Now Zea land. ' . On B riixtln ImttAlt tinnA,tl. il.„ ; . wjdo Bpronding branches of a giant Kauri ; . Plhoj-snt a half-cnato Maori girl, and by \- a tall; handsomo, youth, wearing tho uaru bluo uniform of CoVrsham'a ; " . " . SpsniBh boauty could boast a nioro Slorioim beauty of faco and form than i! i , Her mother— daughter of ; t.no oidost Maori chieftan, To Puko— 'oil : in lovo, and nmrriod ono, Tom Solby, a . . aergoant in tho Gth Regiment, and with " < iior hand camuimnnv. Vki-iln.) aahmb n»- ; v woar form® valloys of tho Waikato; which tho old soldior soon convortod into a good, payablo catato. "Wliilo Kiora was \- tt o , her mother died, whoro upon lorn Selby bought a snug villa outaido . tnaoity, and-'aont his dnughtor to, a \- boarding eohool until-, alio bocamo old . ®npbgh to tako- ohargo of - his houao- . hold. . yon aro goiug to-morrow, . v.ynarloy/ slip askod, timidly, at tho . aarao tirao, toying norvously. .with hor companion's palm botwoon hor own Ahapaiy hands. ,l Must it rosily bo to- v morrow?"1' . .".Really and truly, Kiora,". ho .an- awored. u Tho horaoa woro put aboard .- oarly this ovoning,' and wo sail to-morrow at daylight," - . dreadful this war is," oho says,- in alow tono. 11 All, droadful indeed, ray darling, but wo taust not stand idly and soo tbosomad \- fanatics, tho robols, murdor and plund6r . innocent pcoplo. Sinco Rowi was driven of Yvaikuto tho Govorninont. havo »iiuir puwor io mauco mo ais- sattaued Maorios to lay down their arms ana hvo at peaoo witli thoir Pakoha noighbours, butyonaeo it is of tic avail.' Tiporo and his crazy brother havo roused tho Taranaka tribos to opon robollion, and by so doing havo unfortuuatoly pre vented ono Oharlos Stanton from onjoy- ing his Ohriatmns dinnor uudor tho samo roof as Kiora Solby." "Dear Charlio, no ono can rogrob that miatortuno mora than poor Kiora," sho nuawers, softly. Charlio laughs lightly, thon stoops .downward until liia moustaolio renohea , .Ktora'a ripe red lips, and — well tho moon « only knows whnt took placo, for alio was , , -Waiolung thorn. Hor moonship sobb ; . /. many things that lovors wot not of. On ,> this lovoly evening, thoro was no oxcop- i , ttmn to tho rulo, for sho obsorvod, oloso by wnero Giiarlia. and his companion bi!!ud , . v end cooed at eacliothbr, tho form of a z< <: man crouohing low down behind a thick : sorub, which completely hid him from tho 'V/.oyos of IhoBoho was ovidoiitly watching— h a, man with a palo, vile-looking faco, wluoh poorbd out at them from tho soroon of foilauo with a savage gloamin his oyes. Tho apparol of tho oavesdroppor was sim ilar to that worn by tho girl's oompaniou, aavo that ho had throo narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleevo at tho wrtat, . whioh beapoko the man a non-oommis- ; sionod oflloor. During a long chat, such as Ipvora uflually indulge in, tho watohor novor stirred from his bent position, but listened to every word ubtorod with a . grood that was born only of d iop and ab sorbing interost. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that ho rctroatcd further into the Bhado, nnd in doing so mado a noiso that attracted tho girl's at- tenhon; V What wab that, Olmrlie?" alio cried, nosllmg horsolf oloso to tho side of that gontlouian, ar.d looking round in alarm. What is tho matter, doar ?' \ "D/d you not hoar a rustling noiso 1 It sounded cloio by that bush thoro," aho said. "Sweot Kiorn, you aro fillod with . strange foncios to-night," ho said, gaily. First it 'was a ahooting star, big with ovil . portont for us. Now it is a uoiBe, as of Borao lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, thoro is - nothing, savo porchnnco some ffrnsshonpor lookina for his mato." " Oh, Ohdrlio, i would givo all, I pos ses in tho world to prevoob your going to ; Taranakl," sho said, with auddon energy. ; ..VNoriscnao, Why?" . "Bocauso I havo one morbid fanoy that whon wo part to night, it will bo fur over." . My darling, I—" " Listen to mo, Charlio. Do you be lieve in dreams ?" :::: "Dreams, oortaiiily. I boliovo.thoy- . aro dreams, nothing more,". .The maidon nestled, hor. small hoad, v> eronraed with a coronot of glossy, ravon -hair, closer to his breast, and looking up ; at lutn with her largo oyos, said : . "Iliad a torriblo droam tho night bo- , foro last, a dream in whioh I saw what : took pUoo as plain as I can seo thoao troos hoforo me now." 4 What did you boo, Kiora?" . .'- An oncampmont of nrmod mon, situ- stou on the main of a lovely lako, and ' feurrouuiled on all sides by high rugged ' hills, .trooics9, and barron in tho . ox- tromo," sho responded, id a low tone. .- "Bovond the tents, on a- grccu j.-toH of . oward. 'iny dream disclosod' a snaaro' of glittering bayonots, in tho centre of : whioh wore throb posts standing upright. On tliOBO cruel stakes a man was boing tiod hand and foot,' to . bo floggod liko a . slave. My.;God, it was torriblo." \- Tho trooper put his urm about the slouder form of his companion, for sho had bogun to ahivor liko ono in nnbguo / .fit/ .".Did you rocognizo tho foaturcs of tho .uufortunato follow at tlio triangles V" ho askod, prc80Btly. " Idid." . And you know him ?'' '; "Yes." ' 4\. Who was ho, Kiora I" . .YoutBelf/ Oharlto ! Oh, tho unuttcr- ' ftblo anguish dopictod thoro I : Ob, tho ! /:.''::mliibty.and'dcspairl':. and tho sidkening. . drondful blows that fell upon my onrs liko . : ; Boino' shuddering, horror too groat for /.. mortal hoart to boar! Yofc I wns com- . .iliolicd to gazo till tho dreadful wprk was, ' : ended,- Thon I hoard n loud eliout away , toward the cliff, arid looking tlionoo, . bo- hold. d great hordo of Maori warriors rush 'liko a mighty avalnucho upon the aquaro of nrmcd mon, and shiver it into a hun- dred frflgmonts, Thon all became a chaos ; . and confusion, intermingled with ohouta '?> aud cirio3, and a vision of the mari who .'. had -boon degraded-mounted on a .horse ; without ?Uher saddle or,brjdal,' his baro l blooding back gliitoning copspio. uously abovo tho orowded niolco, until,- tossed to and fro like a worthloss waif, it went down amid tho tido of battle, and I saw it no more." Charlie Stanton stood silont for a momont, A feeling of somo nameless drond began to eteal over him at Kiora's recital, but ho shook it off, and replied in a bantering way,. Dreams aro all my eye, nwcothoart. Indeed it has been said by certain crusty old bnoholors that dronms aro liko ladies, thoy follow tho rulo of contrary. Come, hold upyourhcad, my doar. ishall ro- turn to you ore tho new yoar is many weeks old, with all my honors thick upon mo." "J forvontly trust you may, dear Charlio," sho replied. Thon suddenly lifting hor head : " Charlio, I want you to mako mon promiso— a nblomn promiso." Oerlniuly, doar Kiora. What am 1 to promiso ?" ,V That you will rofrain from taking ono drop of iutoxicating liquor until you re turn to Auckland," /"You littlo tyrant," ho oricd, laugh- nigly. " You would liko to'sot a trap for mo. You have your ton without etint— whioh tho doctors say is rank poison— and yet ono is to bo deprived of his glass yours has boon ruiming too muoh on wara and rumors of war. . But swept. Kibra," let us ohango tho subject. How lovoly tho night is." Thoy wont out into tho soft glow,- arm in arm— she pleading for his pvomisd— ho laughingly rcsistiug hor. Onward down tho groon slopes, strewn with murky shadows, that seemed to swallow them up and louve no trace bohind, By and by tho lurking flguro camo forth from liis lair, and stood up iutho fuUIight of tho moon — a tall dark man- about thirty years of ago, face sallow, and olo&oly; shaven, disclosing a wide, sousual mouth and strong dotcrminod jaw, filled with. firm white tcoth. . . M So hero you are, Sorgoant Olomont Exley, playing tho spy," ho mattered apostrophising himself, a sinister gloom in his oyo tho while. ' Why, who would havo thought tho ring doves would soloct thisplnco for. their sonoclcss chatter? almost undor my nose. Iluroph, iny limbs aro raokod with cramp. Confound thorn both. What tho dovil can thoro ho HUUUV MII9 "vitiw iuuiiu uauujr iiiab BIIU must profcr hiin to a hotter man. Ayo, ono who cares mora for hor than he doos." Ho stood with folded arms a moment, watching tho direction thoy had lakon. "Thoro yo go, Oharlio Stnnton, with tho whip hand of mo, but tako caro, my. lad, I don't chookmato you. For ton years you and I havo boon what modorn socioty calls friends, Charlio ; but modorn Booioty littlb droams howl liatai your friondship. It lias robbod mo of many firing I had sot my heart on, ovori.tho tovo of this proud wonoh, who lias thought fit to troat my advances with scorn and insult, Binco you havo takon tho field, Charlio, mon chci\ Woll, woll, I am con tent to bido my time, Kiora Solby. Dreams havo boon fulfilled oro this. . I have tho 'cuo, my woak- mindod. spark, .,sRd.4t>'shuUgO":hsrd,-';.but ! I ' will uBQ'lt when tho opportunity oirors."".? / He followed in tho wako'.'of tho lovers with a slow and moditativo stop, his head bont, and his hands clasped bohind his back. . " If my friond Stauton has ono pot vico abovo anothor, that vico is drink," ho muttorod, pausing in his walk. - Not a sot that lovos to tipplo alono until ho, is speechless ; oh, doar no j bub ono' of your gontlomanly, social souls, whocaunbtsay nay whon it is placed under his noao. Lt him promiso if. ho will, ho cannot resist it. I have studied tho man. Twico has ho rison to tho rank of sorgoant sinco tho corps was formoJ,. and each timo do-, graded to thn ranks again through his lovo of good liquor. So, so, Oharlio, all's fair iti lovo and war. Thoroforb, I'll bait my lino and anglo for you, my friond. Onco landed, 1 seo' my way to la belle Kiora, and hor broad aoros."' . - Sorgoant Exloy, of Cavorsliam's Horsb, quickoned his pace, crossed tho park, and ontorod Parnoil, thoncQ his. .walk becamo slower, until ho ronohod Shortand PJaco, Horoho haltod, and stood watching tho front of a protty villa on' tho opposite eida of the way. ' There mast havo been sotnolhing very attraotivo lioro to ongago tho! scrgoant'a attention, for ho remained on tho. spot closo upon two hours. He was still waiting and watohing whon a young man issued from tho houso, hum ming a favorite opora air. . Hullo, Charlie I well mot, doar- boy Whoro havo you boon V" oricd Exloy, in a surprisod, yot pleasant tono. 'Just ran over to bid tho Solby's good- by," replied Stanton. "But what oro you doing down this' way, Exloy ?" - " Ah, taking a walk undor tho moon to viciw tho/ city, I guoss wo ahan't havo another opportunity of viowing tho spires of Auoklnnd by moonlight for somo timo to como.- Truth is, Charley; I am glad to havo met. you, Why?1'- " Beoauflolwas just making my way to tho Albion, . whero I'vo promised to meet ono or two jolly follows, to tako a parting glass. You will join; mo/ of .course ?" - " My doar Exloy, nothing would givo mo greater plonsuro, but—1 " .'.'liufc what : "Tho truth, is," stammered Charlio, "I liavo mado a promiso nob to touch liquor of any kind until 1 return from laranaki." ' "Phow," whistled tho Sorgoant. "lain, sorry for that, inasmuoh as you will miss . a'bowl of tho best punoh, and ono or two 'of/ho' most - comio dogs in.Now Zoa- land. uood night. - . . Sorgoant Exloy turned upon his hool, but Stnnton caught him by tho arm. : . "Hold hard, Exloy. Wo sail early in morning : it's morning already, -thoroforo I'm with you. I can accompany you without breaking my word, eh " Oortainly."- And. tho angler wont in with his inten ded dupe, arid brought hiiri forth in tho groy light of tho dawning day, staggering, uproarious, and with lus promiso shat tered to tho windB. . CHAPTER H, .Thorp aro fow scones in Now Zealand irioro grandly ruggod than tho Ohan Yafioy, Tarannki, tho Boot whoro tho volunteers had formed tho bivouao, on tho 24th of Docombor, in anticipation of mooting tho robot Maoris. " It was Christmas Evo, tho timo,' night ; with moori and stars ' studding tho duvk bluo canopy uf lieavcn, as 'on tho night of tlio advent of tho Master, naarly mnotocn hundred years ago, Tho oau\p was composed of oix hun dred, rank and . filo, of tho Aucklnrid Rifles, tagothei withpno troop of Cavor sliam's Horso. Tho latter had pitched -thoir tentB an a small hill' adjacont to whore tho Commissariat atoros had boea pilcd ond covered over' by! a'largo t'otf- pautin. ' Of tho sixty mon of-'fcho troup" tonhhdbcon told ofT as a guard, uudor tlip chargp of Sorgoant Exloy. Tho supply pf'grog arid provisioim woro.pnly Ifmit/jd,. and. n'eodedbut ono sentry ., a4 a,timb,,tb kocp wAtoh and lyard pvc;: (heni,'' , woro six quarter casks pf ruin Qtan'dinfr in a row flanking tho stores — a ' totViblo- temptation arid dangerous in'thb' pxtteiiio to any poor tlpplor who clmriccd tQ luvvo. ohnrgo in'tho still dpad niglit'witli no oyo.. looking on. . This idoa nppoarcd to hayOktakpppqs/' session of the 'sorgoant, ;for lm . cpljod tho- guard togotlio; aboutTlm WptpTbbrd, and said t- , ' . ; "!HJ ! " Oomrados, I nood hardly 'tbriflnd y'6\i' of tho gonorhl orcliir issued thh'mdfnhig.' Wo aro undcr rhartial law' horo 'hi tho'; field.- Colonel Bnrtopp, as you all know js a very strict oflicor, and will .punish -tlio slightest, noglect. or corclesouciS'iitli, oovority, mind that ; and, abQvo nil romora- bcr that nny .mqn. fourid/ipsy.wUifpiqni. duty! will most assuredly gb.lp.'tho angles; ' You understand."'"/ Thoyapponrcd to undorstihl'voiy tv-oll- that druhkcniioss would bd punlhlicd.onljr- with tlio lash, arid tho/ glailM'4owfirds tho !rum— punolicons-«4-and' tkqi)g)it'.thp secant a worthy, follow' tq, opncouijm.- ooit anouc tuoi.r, wo.iiajp, ..noro, woro othqrq ahout tho tiro wh'o.di not. belong , to. tho! guard. Ono a short, broaa siiouldarcd, jolly-looking follow, who had evidently soon more .of,. 0.90, Jljan./ra firma , if ono raignt judgo hia conversation. His pasBiib Cabto, and, white thokprgdaptSvajned'liiii' men, was dooply .'intori?dtfifiiiptih to balanco acamp-pot'on'thoroub'hosOoa mngnificient water optniOl at? hiwaidftii . This exporimont With'thcrdog appeared equally interesting to' anothor. individual, viz., a bare-logged Maori.lpd'ihout fuur- teon, whostood-by w»th moutlingapo, Tlio boy, who; answoircd to tlio no/a'cfo phims of "Sanflyi" w.oa oriool'thatRondor known as a cam'p-fag and gduoral knock about 'nmorigat' tho troopers.' Ho could speak English pretty well— so'far as lying, went— 'and was withnl ono of tho most roiehiovous young vagabonds in Maori- land. . ! . As tho nightwaxedapaco thoro aroso n koon cast wind, which mado tlio air biting cold, and sot tho wliito touts shivering liko so many Bhootcd' ghosts uridor-the moonlight. Tho Maori lad, prowling about for some placo of shelter for tho night, found' a snug corner bonoatli.tho tarpaulin wliioh covered tho atores, and thoro retired' to rest, without moro ado. Tlio- party, round tho firo gradually thinned, until only two poraons romaiued seated by it, — Charles Stanton arid Bob Gablo. It was oasy to norcoivo that a warm and atneoro friond snip oxistod bo- tweori thcsotwain,.y'ct' no.two men woro moro opposite in1 porsoti and disposition, Tho ono handsome/ gentlemanly and- re fined in boaring, but wo'ak:<and yielding to pusillanimity. Tho other coarse, plnin of porson, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. : How camp theso oppositcs to-bo friends.? Simply through ono littlo set of kiudness. .At tho storming of tho Maori stronghold— ".To Ranga —Bob Cablo lay bfoodlng to dcatii outsido tbo oriomy's trench froqi a bovoro-gash in his sidft rcctivod/dbring tho attack,. Tho VoluriVdorsifcro. repulsed, but at tho risk ofhlsliio.Charlio Stanten- walkod coolly out to tho treheV and brought wounded man upon his baok, amidst a porfect hailstorm of Maori bulloto. It often spokon his gratitudo in langu&go; moro forcible than polito. ' And hero thoy sit by tho firo, with tho dog botwoon: thorn, nnd.a small flask of rum, which lias boon emptied to tho dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again.- Presently thero is a call for No. 4 of. tho guard. Oharlio, Stanton rises hur riedly, 'wishes- Oablo "good-night," and answers "horo." Itis his turn for sentry, >nd hq is marohed over to.roiioyo tho man posted on tho stores. - Silonco now reigns throughout tlio .'camp, aavo for tho wild screech of the polow out yonder by tho lako. Sanfly, orouchod under tho friendly covoritig of tho tArpnuliri, is suddonly awaksuod from his rosy drcains by tho sound of voicos in tho vioinity, Tho Maori noisolossly liftsonoond of tlio cover ing and poops forth. Sorgoant Exley is standing with a pannikin- in his hand, talking to tho sentry in a low, oarnoat tone. 44 Indeed, Oharlio, I seo no groat harm in taking a glass of grog on ' such a cold night. Wo aro.notin town whoro it could 00 USUI/ VUMHUUU, IUVIUIUIU UUV MIUOK got it by stealth. Of oourso you aro on sentry, arid can provent my . .taking any, but I' must say a small. half-pint out of onb of theso casks would never bo kiissod." . "Perhaps not," answered Oharlio Stanton, carolessly. . 44 Pray do as you plcaso, you havo command of tho guard; but I say, Exloy, what about that loctuto you gavo us respooting general ordors arid; Colonol Bartopp's stern discipline?" i , ' The sergeant laughed in a quiot wa/l, and rcpliba# " Wait until you'ro promoted again, Charlie, thon adopt my plan.' Gne sido for tho roon, tho other fgr yojir friends.- Suroly yon woro not impressed with my caution. Lord, I fool inclined to roar somotimoB at all 'th'o fiiss nqd humbug put .forth in orders gonoral or pthorwiBO. Red tapo aud bunkurh, bunkum . and rod tApo to. tho ond of the1, ohaptor. Til bob Colonol Bartopp has not . rotirod to his tent without a skinful of' , good liquor. Why thon should wo, com rade, who havo to watoh through tho long night in this sharp wind, not whot our whistlo whon it is horo ready at our hands?" - : ' M Hps vn FvInO I VftPV Wnll npnllA/1 ' My orders are to allow no one to racddld with tho commissariat, except tho quartor- master, but, I repoat; you aro my superior, olfiobr, and— thoro aro thb casks." . "Good. This follow I1010 seems a littlo apoplectic, wo will bleed him." 41 With all my hoart ; but how will you do it, through hie bungholo?" oriod Oharlio, laughing. "No ; only a bunglor would go to work that way. Seo horo, I havo a gimblot. Now, Ucop wiitoh while I spiio tliistellow's frontispieoo." Olomont Exloy oast a triumphant look at his companion ere ho wont'down on 1ub knoos to boro tho rum punohoon. Had tho gobd-naturodj inconstant dupe soon that look, lio would havo thought twico boforo hob- nobbing with tlio subtle and crafty Scoundrel boforo .him. But!; Charlio Stanton, measuring tho man by liis own' standard, Baw nothing in it savo. a good follow in want of a nobblor, arid who had pluck enough to hazard his Borgoarit's stripoa for. jt. ' t .Crawling from his lair ns .Bilopily as a sorpont, Sanfly.bohold Exloy holding. tho> pannikin ovor a thin stream issuiug from ono of tho casko. How tho liquor hissed and gurgled as it spoutod. into tho pot I AVhen tho pot wan full-, Oharlio hold his thumb to tho holo until tho sorgoant plugged it up. again, , 14 Now, corarado, takb ft nip,n . 'Aftor.. you, " said .Oharlio, modout- ly.. ' ".Tho girls wo loft bohind us," and tho sorgoant put tho liquor to his lips, but ho ,did ngfdrfnk any. '""I'll givo that plodgo with all my heart," responded Charlio,' in proof of which ho almost emptied tho pannikin at a draught. . It took away his broath fer tho nonco, but that waa nothing, for tho night was cold. : " What do you say ; ahall wo refill tho goblot, Stanton?" " By all nioans, Exloy," arid tho pot .was replenished "."Idid n'ot'oxpeefc. wo woro going to havo Buali a jolly timo .in gorioral," said th'o sontry, seating himoojf ou'ono of tlio -punohcoDs, with the can of rum' botwoon his knees.. "Coriio, Clotn, tako a sip and pass .tho decanter." ' In a short timo tho mens'uro was again ompty, and onco moro filled, Tho'ficry spirit was at least twonty do- gfeos ovor proof, and soon began to toll- ori tho trooper. ' "Wo must bo cautious, oomrndo,- nnd not arouBO tho slcoping guard," said tho sorgoant, ns Oaatlio bocamo rather noisy. " fete now prist midnight, and I don't bx- poet .. tho visiting officer boforo four o'clock'.1 ' (Uii| uotnor tlio visiting olhcor; pass tho tittppy, Clom." " I supposo.you don't,, mind iny reliov- ihgybawlion your two-hours aro up/ Oharlio?" 41 Not at all. I am content to romain hero till daylight, providing you loavo mo tho gimlet. Hero's your health, Clem, and may you live to bo a gonornl." . Tho sorgoant watohod him with glisten ing oyos. 41 Steady, conirado, you will bo tipsy, ''lio.Baid. " 1 1 uonsonso. Horo, hold my carbino, tho pot is 9iripty." Ono a.m. , by tho sorgoant'a watoh, and his companion is growing thick of speech, and ratlior prosy. In another half hourt tho poor dupo is staggering about, moral-' iaing to tho empty air, like ono of Con-' grovo'a horooo. Ho will hnvo anothcr.sip of tho liquor, ond ho has his way, ifor ho is. boyond reason now, Tho rum has mastered him completely ; . anon ho is nothing but a grovelling buudlo of human ity, 'liis laugh cracked, sonso gono, and : talking — yo Gods 1— rubbish and ribaldry, that tho Borgonnt grows disgusted, aud loaves him plono in his glory. , Tho officer of ' tho night Logins liis rounds earlier than' was expected. At threo.'a.m. tho commissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as coirtct. "How many sontrioa havo you, Sor goant Exley 7" " Only ono, captain I" f'i will visit him." It was UBual for two mon of tho guard, and tho .non commissioned oftteor in charge, to accompany tlio 'oflicor when visiting the sentries. ' Exloy called two oHiit comrades, who conducted tho cap tain ovor to th'o stores, but of course thero was no ono to ohallongo thqir ripproaoh; : " Halt 1" oriod tho officer. How's this I 'Whoro is your man, sorgoant ?" ho asked inatonoof earpriao. Boforo tho' question could be answered, tho Maori lad omorgod from his hiding, and poiritod olit tho dark inert form. of | tho tipsy sontinol ' strotehed upon tho ground fast asloop. A light was brought from tlio tont, and thoy tiled to rbuso lfim, but in vain. . Thoro appeared no nqcd to enquiro how: tho;- ma'Agot /drunk li'iUsitiaf. TIlA'VniairanM . 1. _ ' ? lot. and tho pannikin half full of liquor on the ground bcsido liim.' - told ite" 'own tale. ' This is a vory unfortunate matter," cried tho sorgeant, with woll foignod re gret in his tono. " What is to bo dono, air?" 44 Dono ! why, your duty, Sorgeant Ex loy, of course, " rosponded tho captain. "Carry tho poor devil to tho guard tout, and put anothor man in his placo. I'll report to Colonol Bartopp on my return. Goodnight." Morning oamo with its rosy blush, tinging tho hill tops, and kissing tho fileoping encampment into ronewod iifo. It founa Sorgoant Exloy pacing moodily before tho guard tont, whoro liis unfor tunate victim lay, sluinboring ofE tlje fumos of intoxication. "Ib this but tho proludo te her dream?'- ho muttorod. 41 Gad, it would soora'to. Horo aro tho oirolo of hills arouud, baro and treeless, overlooking tho valioy bo- low. Yonder, tho Ohati lako gloaming in tho early .sun liko a burnished shiold. What moro?-. Shall tho ourtain riso to day upon tho first act of tho droam ? viiu iv.uivu oijumu, uuu uiu uian uuu ro Iho tvianglos? Wo shall soo. Oharlos Stanton, it would havo boon woll had thou or I novcr scon Kiora Solby. Poor wrotch, sloop on. Whon thou wakost, thou.wiU soo tho ca ready. And now to. sriatoh an hour's sloop. Ho turned into tho tont,' arid at that momont tho voico of Sanfly wris heard calling for Snap, tho ro- triovor, who ran, frisking towards tho lad in groat gloo, and. tho pair racod down th'o hill towards the tont ocoupiod by Bob Cablo,. ' j/ CHAPTER III. Colonel Bartopp, an old Indian oflicor,' nnd moroo.vor a strict disciplinarian, was ono of fhs lost trion in tho army to pardon any serious breach of duty in tho mon undor his onmtnand. According to tho votoran, thoro could bo no orimo so hoinous ns disobodionoo and riogloct in thu Gold boforo tha onomy, Tho lives of a thousand, '.nay, ton thous and men, may rest upon tho caro and watohfulriosa of ono sontinol. 'Tlio General's nrflarn titnf. nvnnmn' nnn. toincd tho convening of a Court Martial for noxt'day at noou, which. in duci course assomblod, and -tho oulprit was brought vboforo it to ansSvor tho clmrgo of being dtenk on duty,.' Oliarlio Stanton-waa'not aobor, aud answered tho quostiono put to him in hazy way, which only mado his guilt appear nil tho moro culpabla in tho oyos of his judges,. Onco only during tho prococdiiigo, nnd whon Sorgeant Exloy wan giving his evi dence, ho put up his hand as if about to robut.tbo atatomont, bub tho presidont commanded him to bo eilont ; aud 00 ho romaiued until tho proceedings tormin- ated. . . Then . camo tho vordiot 44 Fifty Lashes." ; . Thero waarioithor timo nor soason for any othormodo of punishment. . "Not a man in . tho camp but that fell .sorry for tho, unfortunate prisoner. - Yost thero was ono,' but ovon ho appeared so. Sfiammod sympathy with his dupo, and rcoeived credit for being a good follow. Our friond Bob Cablo lookod ! askance at tho sorgoant, and shook hiB rough pato. 4(I cannot understand all this palavor about strapping up Charlio at tho gang way, "hb said, 44 Wo'ro notsogors, least ways ' not ' rogiilars, Dummol I'll seo Colonel Bartopp.. Thoro's somothing iu tho wind that's ,riot fair and above- board."— Concluded in our Noit, FL1 