Unnzttt %amt%. A Philosophic Pharisee. M. Renan, the celebrated author of the life of Jesus, which shocked many or thodox Christians a few years ago, and who is well known to the literary world by many eloquent but misleading produc tions, is now an old man awaiting the approach of eternity. He has re cently finished a new work, and in the closing words of the preface he writes thus : — ' Heavenly 'Father, I thank Thee for life ; it has been gentle and precious to me. I have not been with out sin ; but whatever those may say who call themselves priests, I have never committed any very wicked act. I have loved Truth and made sacrifices to it. When my early beliefs crumbled away, instead of weeping and conceiving anger against Thee, I have made up my mirldr'to'~?nake the best of it. To weep would have been cowardly ; to be angered against Thee the most complete of absurdities.' It seems strange to read words like these, as coming from a man who has made a special study of the life of Christ, and many parts of the New Testament Scriptures. But it cer tainly illustrates the fact that a man may do all this, and yet fail to perceive the spirit which lives and breathes in the four Gospels. Says the N. Z. Method ist ; — ' For healthy, high Conferenee toned humour a Methodist Humour. Oonference is hard t0 beat. Much of it is un reportable for the simple reason that in the absence of the accessories of the immediate situation the point to out siders would be lost. But the peals of laughter that from time to time greeted a sally of wit, or perhaps more fre quently still a stroke of unintentional humour, should have gone far to upset the notion that prevails1 in many quarters that religious people are the victims of an incurable melancholy. The^e was a tickling of the midriii' when a represen tative, who is in the milk trade, re ferred to the copious rains as special tokens of the Divine benevolence. A Wellington layman provoked the risibil ities of the Conference by stating that their difficulty in that city was to know how to raise the wind. This was capped by a Canterbury layman who, working up to a vigorous climax, exclaimed, ' Don't talk of how to raise the wind, but down with the dust !' A member of the Stationing Committee, who is not an Irishman, said, after one of his pro posals had been negatived, ' I have submitted a sensible plan which you have rejected, now I will try something else.' The President (the Rev. G. Bond) with his fondness for a joke, re ferring to the new order of things in relation to the election of Conference officials, said he presumed that he was elected as a 'bond' between the past and the present. The Conference has a great deal of serious work on hand, and not a few difficult problems to solve ; the humour that from time to time finds vent affords a wholesome lubricant to facilitate the progress of business.' Nothing can be more befitting the great Chris Hopeful tian festival of Easter °nS' than a revival of true missionary spirit and en terprise in the Church. There are cheering signs that the people of God are waking up, though very slowly, to their responsibilities. Here is one of the latest in connection with one fine Sunday-school at Ballarat. The Rev. B. Danks, the mission secretary for Victoria, in his latest weekly letter to the Spectator, thus describes what he found on the occasion of a recent visit : — ' Here is a class composed of young men and women who have consecrated themselves to the Foreign Mission work, only such being allowed to join. A systematic course of study is being carried on by these people, and I can testify, after an interview with some of them, that their souls are all aglow with love and enthusiasm for this work. The young men have no thought of the ministry at home, neither do they desire it. They want to be missionaries. Unless the Methodist Church can find work for such souls, we shall not only see our best young men and women going away from us, but we shall lose the power of their consecrated lives from our Church. The Lord is working in the hearts of many on this question, and it remains for the Church to find spheres of labour for the men and women God is calling. In answer to prayer He is thrusting forth labourers. Are we ready to receive them 1 This is an important question, and may not be lightly put aside.' The following is such a j_ ' splendid example of what Example. can ^e ^one by a single individual in the cause of Foreign Missions, that we are glad to reproduce it from the Southern Cross: — 'For many years,' says our contemporary, ' the Rev. H. B. Macart ney, of Caulfield, has raised, almost single-handed, a subsidy often amounting to £1,500 a year in aid of the work of the Church Missionary Society and of the Church of England Zenana Mission in India. This is a magnificent result, and is entirely due to the zeal, dovotion, and personal magnetism of Mr. Macart ney. The Church Missionary Society recognises both the services of Mr. Macartney, and the possibility of so organising the missionary zeal of these colonies as to give Churchmen here some personal control over the distribution of their own funds, and some direct share in the work of the Society, say, by the selection and despatch of their own agents to some selected field of mission work. Mr. Eugene Stock has sailed for Australia as the representative of the Church Missionary Society, and is to take counsel with friends of missionary work in these colonies with the view of setting on foot some such scheme. The movement is of importance, and will be watched with keen interest by Christian men of all names. Should influenza return, as many of our medical Influenza, practitioners fear it may, . it is well to know how to act. A medical man in the North of England, Dr. John Crerar, has published his remedy for it, which the Lancet has commended. The Rev. Frank Ballard thus writes about it in the Methodist Recorder .?—' The es sence of this specific is simplicity itself. Thirty grains of bicarbonate of potash in a teacupful of milk as soon as attack is diagnosed, and repeated every three hours, is the prescription. The patient is, of course, supposed to act according to common sense, take to his bed, and keep warm. During the whole of the last three years' epidemic Dr. Crerar has not lost a single case ; nor has the remedy in any one instance failed of its good effect. Dr. Spurway, resident physician in the Edinburgh Royal In firmary, has adopted it, and publicly ex pressed his approval.' The latest issue of the Our Drink Northern Temperance ?p loot -^ dvocate contains a letter ror iaai. on the Drink Bm of New South Wales for the past year, written by the Rev. F. B. Boyce. The facts he supplies are of such a nature as must awaken in every well wisher of his country grave concern, whether he be a pledged Temperance worker or not. The returns, taken from official sources, show that this colony spent £5,275,170 in drink in 1891. This is an average of £4 12s. 3d. of the population ; or over £23 for each family of five persons. These figures look large, and as compared with the returns. of former years, are discouraging. The actual increase in the total amount spent upon the previous year is £365,670, or a thousand pounds per day. The in crease per head is 6s. 5d. These re turns are the more to be deplored be cause for aiJtea&tfe-iive-; years' past, there had been a steady decrease per head. It may be difficult to account for this sudden change for the worse. There is surely a loud call, however, to united and prayerful effort to cope with the terrible evil. Very cogently Mr. Boyce urges that much more vigorous and self denying effort is needed all along the line of Temperance reform, with these facts in view. Our readers are aware Extension the question of extending Three Years' ^ne ^me °^ a minister's Term. stay in a circuit is being discussed, not in the colonies ouly, but also in the old coun try. In England, ib would seem, the proposal is receiving a large amount of support. The last Conference remitted its consideration to a committee; and the report of this committee has now been published. Its findings will be anything but a pleasant surprise to those who are averse to any change. They are as follows : — ' First, that no minis ter shall remain in a circuit more than three years, unless the invitation be sustained by three- fourths of those present at the quarterly meeting ; secondly, the exact character of the vote is to be reported to the Stationing Com mittee, and only on its recommendation shall such appointment be made ; thirdly, no minister shall.be allowed to remain in any circuit more than six years.' The resolution in favour of the Conference obtaining from the British Parliament the legal power to effect the changes proposed, was carried in the Committee by 24 votes to 1. Who shall be the next The President of the British ? English Conference? It . seems Presiaeney. that Speculation is al_ ready rife upon the sub ject, and the London correspondent of a Yorkshire paper says ' that notwith standing the confident assertions of Mr. Hugh Price Hughes and his allies, that the 'Forward' movement has captured Methodism, three out of the only four possible candidates for the Presidency of the' Wesleyan Methodist Conference, which meets at Bradford in July, are Conservatives. Dr. Rigg had the highest number of those not elected last year, and his great services to Method ism would undoubtedly secure him elec tion if he had not previously occupied the chair. Dr Waller, the Secretary of the Conference, and Dr. Rigg's col league in the Wesleyan Education De partment, is certain to receive a very large vote. The third name represent ing the old official section, of Method ism is the Rev. J. Walford Green, who has rendered great services in connection with the Ministers' Superannuation Fund. The only candidate who in any sense represents the ' Forward ' move ment — and he is a distinctly moderate and statesmanlike man — is the Rev. H. J. Pope, Secretary of the Chapel building Fund.' Much as Mr. Stead be The Ethics lieves in ghosts, doubles, Spiritualism and other strange things- he is thoroughly wide awake as to the seamy side of spiritualism, and he gives a need ful and timely caution against a system which wrecks the moral and physical health of its votaries. He says plainly that the phenomena of trance, which are to be witnessed at the seatce when the medium professes to be taken posses sion of by any intelligence, are not such as to commend them to any prudent man or woman who.has any respect for his individuality. In illustration of this, he says, that 'When in the trance, as*it is technically called, women who cannot bear the smell of tobacco will smoke a pipe as eagerly as an inveterate smoker, and teetotallers will drink whisky as eagerly as if they were habitual drunk ards. In automatic writing, which is one of the simplest forms of spiritualist manifestations, it is on record that young girls of unimpeachable character have been made the agents for producing writing and drawing pictures the very nature of which they were fortunately unable to understand.' In the face of reliable information like this, we can not but warn our young people against tampering with this peculiar development of our age. Lord Salisbury has made Religion a peer of Sir Wm. Thomp and son- wn0 will henceforth Science. be known as Lord Kelvin. Sir William was a Pro fessor of Natural Philosophy in Glasgow, and one of the most distinguished men of science which the present century has produced. But he was pre-eminently a Christian scientist. One of his old pupils, in writing concerning him, says that he 'was a minister of religion to many a student. I shall never forget his speech in St. Andrew's Hall, in which he said that the least scientific men were ; beginning to believe increasingly in tele ology. He saw purpose everywhere. I do not suppose he was the professor of whom the story is told that when he essayed an experiment, he said to his class, ' Now we have asked God a ques tion, let us wait for His answer,' and God sent the answer. It might have been Sir William Thompson, for this was his faith. No one ever crossques tioned omniscience with such pertinacity as he. Few ever interpreted more of the Divine Mind.' This is very pleas- ? ing, and shows that the common talk about the divorce of religion and science is utter nonsense. 