| RICHARD III. WENT to see Richard III w recently. I J was very much interested in the play, and when I went home I got out my English History and extracted a few facts about him. He was a gentleman who held the rather dangerous position of King of England a term or so during the fifteenth century, who seemed to have an ever-present, irresistible desire to commit homicide on his entire corps of relatives. I don't know of a more risky position than that of a relative of his; it was a very unhealthy thing ; none of his relatives lived long, and the life insurance companies always charged them twice as much as they did any one else. Occasionally he would run out of relatives, and then tbe good people of "Sierrie England" who were wealthy, Or who had done anything that might possibly have offended him, would get out in the country for a few weeks or over to France for their health ; it was about the healthiest thing they could do. I am very glad I did not live in the fifteenth century. There was no telling when somebody would drop around with a guard of soldiers and invite you out to get a divorce from your head. There was a great deal of variety about these murders. Sometimes they would get up a nice display of fireworks with the victim, a nice boriBre forming the centrepiece of the programme'; occasionally -they would turn him upside down in a cask of wine, or pitch him over tbe castle walls into the moat. They were the most ingenious people in the world for devising new ways of shuffling off the mortal coil—for other people. They always wanted some one else to do the shufiling. Richard would lie awake all night sometimes, and .l'ig up* some kind of a nice autumn-style homicide, and then he would pick out a wealthy/gentleman whose estate* would revert back to the Crown, and try it on him. It made no difference whether the man had done anything or not—if there was no charge against him he would hunt up one. I rather liked the play, though. It was written by a person named Shakespeare, so the programme said. Richard did very little during the play except give orders to the half-starved minions in tin chest protectors and sheet-iron pants, to go out and get up a funeral, and make disconnected remarks in sixteenth-century English. There is very little detail in the first two or three acts. In Act L, Richard nominates himself for King, and then having nothing particular to do, he g6es around to the Tower and personally attends to a murder. In Act H. be makes arrangements to marry a widow whose husband he had removed a few days previously. In Act III the Lord Mayor, accompanied by the County Commissioners and the chief of police, and a miscellaneous assortment of lords-, &c.;, oome.round; and tbe Duke of Buckingham tells him he has got to be King, whether he wants to be or not, and he accepts the position, and says he will try to rule England well—I suppose he did the best he could. He held the position of King for a couple of years without any trouble, and then a gentleman named Richmond, who at that time was in Frauce for his health, took a notion that he would like ta be -Ring himself ; so he challenged Richard for the championship of the world, and the winner to take the gate money. ' ' This made Richard mad, and he killed a. few people who happened to be convenient; —not because they had done anything, but because he was mad and had to kill somebody—and then he went out and organised a little private delegation of English warriors, and -started out to settle with Richmond. The curtain rises on Act VI. at this stage of tbe game, and discovers Richard making a few blank-verse remarks to his army. And let me say right here that that army was the most impartial ainiy 1 ever saw. They would serve Richard for an act or so and then they would desert to the enemy for awhile and after t.bey had got done Servingon that side they would come back to him again. Sometimes they would be English lords and sometimes they would be Normau nobles. iiuuies. When wiieu they i>ucy were nerc luiue lords they iiuey wore wuie their hats tbe other way and piilied » their tights—that was all the change of costume that they indulged in. As the army they were armed with doublebarrelled battle-axes and' Winchester repeathalberds. There were two of them.: Richmond was dressed much better than the army. He wore a spring style cut-away shirt of mail with silver-plated pants; over tbe whele outfit he wore a white overcoat with a buttonhole bouquet of one rose embroidered on it. He made a few remarks en general subjects, called Richard a number of Hard names and then he took his army and went away. Presently Richard came in with his army (which was the army previously mentioned), and he pow-potved around awhile, and then he made his soldiers an oration. He told them what a good King he had been, and how well he had always ruled England, and how he would hate to see any on? elws is and spoil all the good work lie bad done, and be harsh and cruel te them and their children, and he told them how much he loved them, and how necessary it was for them to have some one to rule over them that understood them and loved them as well as he did. " My noble followers," said he, " shall we let this starveling foe, with no ancestors and ready-made armour, come over here and claiin my throne? -Not much. Use the great and glorious privilege Heaven has granted you, and wade in and defend your country and your King, and when you have wiped the floor with these frog-eaters I'll raise the tariff and pay you your salary—if you are still alive." This satisfied the army, and they went away, and Richard tried to go to sleep ; but he was troubled with indigestion and bad dreams, and saw a whole lot of ghosts and things so he couldn't sleep to do any good, but lay awake fixing up a new way to kil Richmond the next day after the battle. By and bye they had a battle, and they divided - tbe a and had a real mce gcrap ^ ^ thfemselves tUl the stage manager chased them eff the stage with axe so that Richard and Richmond could fight, and then they had to light too. and Richmond pulverised Richard, and the army all shook hands, and the curtain went down. CAPPING HIS STORY. \- Aw American and a German were speaking of the ingenuity of their respective countrymen. Hans Deutscher said : "Only the other day a former schoolcompauion of mine invented a machine which saves a great deal of trouble in the making of sausages. We only require to p Ut the " pig- ' in "at one end, ' set the ' hing iii motion, and in a short time the sausages come out ready smoked and all, at the \- t0 be cci in strangers' gardens, other side." { " That is certainly very good," the Yankee allowed ; " but a countryman of mine has lately patented a machine on the top of which the sausages are deposited, and in less time than it takes to relate, the little pigs run — out from underneath and scamper off to the nearest ciover-bed." ^ Impecunious i,over : " be mine Amanda, and you will be treated like an angel.'' -Maiden : "Yes, IsupDoseso. Nothing to eat and less to wear. No, I rhank you - Happiness gro^s at our own firesides and 