JsTEREBI ju\0 ; 8E5yi INFORMATION CHE HOUSEHOLD, SrcK-EOOH CookFnv -This feivs " A lady of Scot- | land,' " vritragm in U.a JgncuUureiGazette) isabnmch of the culmw art th«l difiers, m some essertials, fro;n the ruits this guide (he ordinarv cook. For the mcL evciythm^ j.mttT>p reasoned with a sparing 1 hied for-uces^nd condiment. tha>- would provoke •>»• aiiKtne m a be-lU . tubject, «U1 prove distastefui to „ eiftii one eien certain disorder* L'ttie t n .r, a^o'uteTvlSo and peppers, : it at all. in the saiallcet piopnrtibn, is the rule- the enseptim omit Ks"ih vote w here the nuise, of licr i oral knowledge, or under the doctor'sbrdeii, is certain no harm, will follow. A weakened appetite : EOOD- turns agauiEt a loo frequent reyetiBon of the : same food, and it lies wim the nurse to cuntnve some ; • harmless novcltT. to tempt it. While, therefore, she must attend strictlv io the prescribed, quantities.of medicine, she Jnay exercise her own discretion as to food, provided she has iouie acquaintance -with the i effects of the differeut kinds oh the humai body., Vegetables are rarely suitable for invalids; stewed i fruite, oh the contrary are medicinal, and often t i hiihlvbeneficial. Aotborities differgreatlv in their | ' estiuuite of starchy foods, some of them holding they ! are in no sense nutritious, ' "" and^ " if taken " alone, •-••••••• jniist I lead to starvation. /Miss Nightingale has said of i arrowroot "that it u- onlv useful as a vehicle for j aaminiteing wine ":. bui,"on Uie other hand, people }• have been koowii tb Jive ior ,a month at a time i entirely on arrbiraoot and water, and l-een grateful ; Ubajrv' .-jfew-'iafieii,.- ^Hit • wT'iiw'^iwSi^iiagents j in the suck room;: T.'hile there areso many : preparations ^f-.-iifttUd'r'fbod;' eaefc' properties of their,own, the intelligent nurse .need d teat no loss to vary her patient's diet. But high Ou j the 1% of invalids' food mast he placed botmeal : grneL ihe stiengtheniug properties of which arfe but r imperfectly understood, aud certainly deserve to, be j' better inoira. In one case of extreme weakness, [ where the patient iras to .all apjjearance sinking, | three tablespoonfuls of oatmeal gruel. to whieh was J added; medicinally, one spoonful, of spirit,- gipen every two^lioo^, worked sucha -wondeiiol change for the betfc^as 'to. 'astohieh the medical attendant, and .lead'him. fct>.commit, what 'had been-, an almost hopeless case, to the_nuree--with.the remart *" Just go'on withyorir nursing." : Gruel is made thus: ;Piit five tablespoohfuls of oatmeal—less'or niore as it is wanted thick or thin—and inix to a liquid paste with eold water; then siSr it into a pint and a half or two pints Of boiling water and strain through a sieve close enough to keep back all the, grains; boil it in an enamelled saucepau tili about the thickness of. good cream. If properly made and sufficiently boiled, it will .get thicker as it cools. Plain or raspbeny vinegar, .spiritt, sugar, salt, or even a little butter may be added. ' - • ; • • ':; ' BEBF-TBi is so. weUrknown asto need no recouimeudation, yet ihesperieiieed people are sometimes at a loss in setting about the making of it.. One ounce of .beef to sis tablespoonfuls of -water is a proper proportion for good beef tea. Cut the meat into dice: put it into a stewpan, and add cold water in the above proportion. Let- it stand 3Way from the fire for 10 minutes, as certain parts of beef ard only soluble in cold, water; then put it to heat rery gradually, and at last boil it 10 minutes. ; Chickeit for soup should be boiled sis' hours in a covered stone jar set into a pan of boiling water. Gelatine added to beef-tea, or chicken soup, makes.it more nourishing, and also -makes a change, for the patient. Si>ak 4bz.of it in J pint Of cold water; add to it a cupful of beef-tea or chicken soup, "and stir it over.the lire till the gelatine is quite dissolved; when cold it will be a firm jelly, almost as good :as calf's-foot jelly, and made with much less trouble. _ ' E-estoeative Jellt.—Put loz.' isinglass, dozen cloves, loz. pounded gum arabic, 3<jz. sugar, and J pint of the best medicinal port wine into abo-.rl;let the mixture stand covered over for si. night; then put the bowl into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it near the fire till the isinglass and -gum arabic are quite' dissolved: pour through a piece of muslin, let it stand till cool, and then cut it up into squares. Eaklev-watee is one of the best diluents in any febrile "disorder, or whde .a patient is under blister. 1 When barley, in any shape, is given to an invalid, it should first be soaked in boiling water to remove the acid- In making barley-water, it should- simmer ior an hour. A handful of raisins boiled in it makes a more palatable drmk; while it is no less wholes some Cueam of Bahlevis a coohng.and nourishing form of food, and may be safely given in feverish attacks. Cut up.half-pound of lean Teal, put it in a saucepan with a pint of cold water, and add two ounces of j barley previously soaked m boiling water: Boil • together for sis hours, adding a little water as it wastes- Pound the whole in a mortar, and rub it throuah the t-ammv sieve with the hquor. Ibvahd Custaeu.—lfco yolks of two eggs and the white of one. heaieimp with a cupful of milk, put into a hutterco teacup, and steam ten minutes. The V*lu;'. of tue Gmof.—V. inle theonion^tands at a disadvantage among vegetables on account of its jjrononuced aud not wholly agreeable odour, it is, doubtless, one of the most valuable and healthful products of the garden. Ihis value- is not confined to its use as ail article of :diet, since the efiicicncy -of ] onion poultices m cases of croup and similar diseases are too well knoira to need repetition. . The roasted nealtof an omoi>,placed m the car ashot as itcaubo borne-will often relieve cases of earache when other remedies fail,'jindV waijmade by putting one half cup of minced onions into a cup each of vinegar and molasses, simmering ou the Etove forhalf fin^bGur. atid tlien /Btraiiimg. . A teaipooirful of this f-yrup taken frequently will relipve severe cases of cough.and-hoarseness:; : .It is claimed that onions, as an article of food, are excellent blood purifiers, greatly improving .the^^ complexion, :snd; of course, entirely harmless. As;a. nervine, :tbey are very beneficial; either cooked or raw, and, if eaten in thenatural state, the addition of alittlesalt or pepper.- nmi:es f.hein more palatalile. Tlie large- imported varietvaremuch les3 pungent and dissgreeable/to the taste than smaller native growth, but equally efficient in remedial action. . • - , , Tiik Attic.---Hothmg is more discouraging to a good housekeeper than to move into a house .with a neglected attic where the diSbris of all .tno prenous-1 housekeepers has been allowed to collect. It: is ltnpoF-Eiblo to calculate how much dust and unwholesomcness drifts down through the house from such a neglected spot as this. : . A good housekeeperhas no such neglected spots: Her house cleaning does: not begin with the storey under -the attic, but with tho itv-ic itself. 0'bere arc ghosts enough m a.forgotten aUlt l0 f„m,«h a -volume of mysteries It is not an 1 un-ommon thmg for people to consign to the -atJC J tljc-ir worn-out shoes, tlieircast-off bonnetB aud bats, decrepit furmturt which has parsed-usefBlness, all their old belonging , in prospect peihaps of " ! ome gea"ral resurrection day which never pomes 1 They raoie anay and anothei tenant couies, who frtlloys the e\3itple which his been set by his piedece tor Thus dCbri and dust and the unwholesomeness .that come with them accumulate. There:is nothing more abt-i,rd that this practice of hoarding up (rash The attic of a "bou»e should be kepi a clear as po* iLlefrom all articles which are not of. positive lalue in order that lL may be freely ducted md -sucpt like any other portion of the hou=e A single woollen garment or old wool hat -may alone bring moths enough to isfesl a wj,olo bou e jt left negh-cted >n th" garret Get attics be'lept clean and cellari dry if you e pect to live in a wholesome bou-^e ^jjtphu Fpssnms Geekak HECirjB—Pears in vinegar WinterBei^miofc or other small pear» mu t be peejed smooth, leaving on the stems and either left whole or halved and ihe kernels taken out To ereiy pound of peirs allow half a pint of vinegar, 607 of *ugar,» st cltof unnauion, and a dozen cloves JJoil these mgrcdicnts a few minutes then lay in the peai-, and let tliem simmei till a put goes eas V tbro igh them but not long enough to soften ihem Tale out the peats, diam them On a neve, ™d lay them in the jars Boil down i the syrup tbickei, and when cold pour it over the fruit Should tho syrup become 1bm au^afew davs, bojl it over again Quince cakes Boil the qul^ceswhole, ^vithout pcehng them, till quite soft, atben peejiandcore^^them: i;:Work;ithe.pulp-throHgh.acoar e sieve Allow lib of sugar io lib of fruit : lei -en t h jm til j 1 ! tli \ iif 11 d 1 r 1 in beadsform then put-in the fruit- and boil this with con ml 'l rrj i_' • 1 < jT tinouih uu M tnUie tra'vs of white paper fill them half all inch tbsck wituthe fruit, and put them to dry m a cool oven, 01 ir ih ma"" out iliu. 01 fU « i(? wiui EotjiewJiat^ried «ct tjiem to get cold Cut tne i tfyuij. ^niio mf s nch L pt"= 'Pho d dried m jiapcr aS:e -rs'morfid by -dipping the paper-rati? cold! 1 er Qi 11 cp 01 J j irer nl r ipiui ijh ^d^c 1 ' »i I ii.wn) t 00 ro 1 ]n ti xrti:. : Sheelhemandiiake vuml «Wt n ait 11 lit im g ill li U i'- 1 pi • t' <-m iiiHii. poiir ln^-ii-.r.-VBltr cnongh L,Ttlv'c cover 1I11. lr.nl, boil 11 until ^hc^olonr:«deepens£:land^t-; become flfiite soft -then -pour jtlntoarjellyiag or; press-lhe fruit through 4 Jiaplnajapft -finesievo "hx \ it iuns5aite*pleftrf Jlhcnjadd^lb p ki ma hpjl^uiljl sugarto^lb.-of:! jiafl! PjU £mal! ghzEBB, imd |io pvet ^lentxt Jay,—^ ^agnjsfc-Of buj-f aceomph&.'mejlsi" •*" ^iii wVsjiij layl^htsojS^roDea, 