HOME RULE IN lEWJ YOHK, A NEW YOR6K correspondent of the i.obart llercury writes:-Almo. 850 years have passed since Strongblw of the Iron iand bore down to the acrth the wretched natives between Bniutry Bay and the Hill of Howth. From that day to this the desceudants of these natives have been clamouring for Home Rule, and that they have not obtained it is not the fault of Englishmonu, but Irishmeau every time. It was Irishmen that beat Irishmen at the Boyno and Vinegar Hiil. It was Irishmen that betrLyed Irishmen in :98. It was Irishmen that betrayed Irishmen again in '48. It was Irishmen who lately beat out Irishmion's brains in the city of Cork, and Irishmen right here in the city of New York, where they are guarmn teed every liberty and every right, where they have Home Rule to their heart's content-are ready to kill other Irishmun who do not thiak cx actly as they do. To-day it is not the question of "apist or Orangemen, but M'C.rthy and Parnell. Parnell is dead and buried, but what of that? His ghost stalks abroad more potential to-day than when he led his followers with blackthoruls in Wicklow, or ,hunderec against the Sassonach in the British House of Commons. A meeting of Hoame Rulers was called here on Monday night, and to understand the character of the call it is only necessary to say that the call received the unqualified en dorsement of those eminent Irish patriots-Eugene Keolly and Thomas Addis Emmett. In all this land there is not an Irishman whote heart has beat with a holier or purer patriotic fire than Eugene lKelly's. In season and out of seceon, in summer's heat and winter's cold, he has laboured for the bem-fit of his native land, and aside frornm his per sonal work he has given more in hard cash to the Irish cause than any other Irishman in the United States. Archbishop Corrigan honoured the meeting by his attendnnc, anad there were a number of other influential Irishmen whose names have been fore. most in every good work for Ireland for tl~o past thirty years. The high character of the men who called the meeting would have commanded the respect of a tribe of savages; but as soon as the meeting was commenced a party of dynamiters expressed their in tentiontorulethemeeting, anddeclared it for physical force and dynamite bombs or break it up. Doctor M"'Glyun occupied a prominent seat on the floor, directly in front of the platform, and it was the first time that Archbishop Corrigan and himself had mot for some years. *It was evident from the start that there were rival factions in the hall, who were only kept from seizing each other by the throat by the clubs of the police. Captain Williams, knowing the crowd with which he had to deal, brought down a platoon of picked men armed with long night sticks, ready for the fray which soon occurred. The appearance of Arch bishop Corrigan was the signal for three cheers from the well-disposed and re spectable portion of the audience; this was answered by a storm of hisses and loud shouts for cheers for Father M'Glynn and Parnoll. Cap tain Williams and his bluecoats took in the situation at a glance, and dashing into the turbulent crowd seized the disturbers by the back of the neck, and sent them spinning into the street. For a few moments there was comparative quiet; when the name of" Gladstonewas mentioned the riot broke out afresh, hisses, cat-calls, and other disgraceful demonstrations turned the hall into pandemonium, and made the decent men who had called the meeooting sick at heart. At last by sheer force, clubs being trumps, Captain Williams knocked the fight out of the dyna. miters, and a collection was taken up to aid the cause of Irish Home Rule the total amount of which was some thing over 8000dol., Eugene Kelly sending his cheque for a thousand ; the dynamiters not subscribing a single cent. It is shocking in view of the suffer ing in their native land, and of the millions that have been expended to secure her the blessings of Home Rule, that a parcel of ignorant, brutal ruffians cannot restrain their evil pas sions long enough to allow others, who will work, to subscribe the means with which to effect her salvation. God help Ireland, if Home R-ule is ever accorded her, and is controlled by the ruffians who tried to break up the Cooper Institute meetil?g! It is well enough to teach th]e.se fellows that the tactics that answered their practices in Dublin, Bolfast, and Cork, will not answer in New York, where any party that wishes to call a meeting to aid Ireland, or any other oppressed people, may do it, and do it in peace-even if we have to hammer commonsense into the thick skulls of the ruffians who would break up their meeting, with the clubs of the police. God save Ireland! ' The description of a recent fashion able troueseau proves that Spanish blondo'isa now well established in the highest favour. This lovely kind of lace is so beautiful in its silky deli cacy that it is likely to maintain its hold on the affections of the well dressed for some time to come. At a recent banquet at the Elyseoo, Paris, Madame Carnot appoared in one of the latest dinner robes, which boasted a train three yards long. The gown was mado of blaclk v~lst, the train being lined with .w hilo sadin. There was a front panel ,4 white Geneva velvet, outlined wj,k rilveor. Most of the skirts worn are tohlt. ably long at the back, but do nai sweep the ground, and the sidte just touch and do not drag at all. 