A REPORTER S GHOST. A VISION THAT MATERIALISED. HREE o'clock In the morning is an uncanny hour the -world over except at pollco headquar ter! or in the ofllca of a morning news- paper, and it wax ia tbia latter pltco at thohour named, that fourorfiveronorter. MTlag sent in all their copy and listened , to tho foreman swear for fifteen minutes bocanso ho had tvocolumn of spare And tea columns of matter that "must go in," ait with their feet on tho tables and thuir chairbanka knocking tho plastering off, talking orcr tho subject %hiok is just as new to day as It was when Adam dolled his boa tor and said "llow d'y do ? " to Era. Every follow In tho crowd W?wa bachelor, and each ono it as Informing tho other In all teriuusacss that ho should lorry. " What fori" Inquired Claudo Browno of Vrank Jones. 44 Because," replied Frank, " it's the only proper way to Uro." 44 A nioo iraabnnd a reporter would make," aid Claude in robulta), 44 coming )o at 3 o'eloek a.m', and leaving homo aa soon as he fnt his 12 o'clock breakfast." 44 Bat his wife would always know wb«to he was, and if she didn't she'd know where- verhewasho was after an item and had to bo hock at tho ofllca on time," romarked Charlie Btltli." 44 Well, w put in Claude, 41 if you think It's such a great snap, why don't yon get toarrriedP' 41 Can't," said Charlio, very positively 41 Why not? " 'Thnnderation, man, how's a fellow to toy a wholo steamboat wbon ho hasn't money enough to buy a splinter oil a stago plank 1 How's a man to bay a houso and lot when he n't buy a shovel fall of dirt ? " "That's It," interrupted Ciande ; 41 how's a urn to do anything if he doesn't do it? What's the matter with marrying a rich girl?" 44 Where's tho girl 1" queriod Charlio. "Plenty of them Qlrla with money always eed a disbarring agent, and tboy will trust husband when they won't troat an elder in the church. Besides, what's tho good of hor . money if the girl has hor heart sot on a hus band and can't get him ?" . Smith argued awhile against matrimony ad at half-past 3 started for home. He was thinking the conversation over and as ho trudged along it ocourrod to him that a bachelor wis not only a knot on a log, hut ho Vrasa very loneoome knot. His way led him through tho oris toe ratio portion of the city and as he passed fine house his reverie was disturbed by the peculiar click of a turning lock and tho matrimonial lino of thought was knocked all way by the roportoriml Instinot, and he aw, instead of a blushing, blooming Mrs Smith, a burglar emcking a millionaire's dining room and making off with his sllvor. He thought of tho beautiful sooop ho wa going to havo on tho other fel k»we and slipping into tho shadow, be waited and listened. Cliok wont tho look gain»,M.if the burglar was nervous and was more anxious to'oppn tho door than ho was to preserve the ordinal burglarious quiot. Tho tnporter scrutinised lbs dtyr closely and dis covered that the robber1 was not ca the outside, but was evidently within," and was working his way out. and be felt a thud of oxcitomont at tho thought of being able to oaptnre his man with tho boodto his person He slipped hin revolver outof hispooket, trained It on tho door, and an in- rioat afterward the door swung open, and Charlie was ready to cry 44 throw np your bands," when instead of a burglar, a ghost aaeont "It oan't he a ghost," ho whispered In an sawing tono to himself, 44 for ghosts don't alook doors They just oome right through them. Bat if It Isn't a ghost, what tho deuco kit!" He hadn't long to wait, for whoever or Whatever it was came out into tho voitibulo and down tho stops slowly, as if unoertaln of its movements, and whon about half way to the pavement stoppod. 44 By gurry," said tho reporter, 44 it's a Wtatan, and she's got on a night-gown. I'll havo to see about this," and with his rovol- w reedy in oese of nocident, ho stepped mii of the show end spoke to tho gboitly Walker. 44 Good evening," he said nervously. "No, xenon me, meen good morning. If you're going to market, maybe you'd better go book and pnt on an ulster." Ordinarily Charlio would have boon moro gallant, but this was anything hut an or dinary affair, and he didn't roqairo news paper instinot to tell him so. The sheeted Ogaro made no reply, bat moved again and oame toward him. Tho old chills chased each other down his back ad ho looked for a polioeman, with the final result. ' 44 Stand back," be said, 44 this pistol ain't 'lasdsd, but it might go off." But on it oame, and Charlie found that his ikgt would't move in apite of all he could do tto make them. One step more end ho etood fooe to feoe with hie strange discovery, and Charlio saw Ifcat It waa not only woman, bat a youog and handsome ono, and he began to feel better. I beg your pardon," he said, " but the alght air is cool, and you appear to do dressed rather lightly. Can I render you nyaasisUnoo? Is thero anyone in the house that has frightened yon P" Still no anawor, end Charlie, emboldened, by hie own words, stepped to tho young woman's ride and gently took her by the \- arm. She tuned her faoe to him end tbos the mystery was mired. " Another Amine," he said, " La Sonoam- tfala" off the etege, with a reporter, ee first fsoor and leading man. Well, this is a Itol" 4,I'vs got to take her in the house any- I'ow, that's plain," he said to himself, and fie gently led the willing walker book up to the door, and nag the bell, and ring U with a forty-horse power draft.. The next minote the beeutifnl sleep- walker was no longer asleep, bat wide swabs, and Charlie had a very plomn voung woman In hie arms In a deed faint, iwdhe made a dash with hie burden into . the hallontomsat a healthy yontur man Chat- lie, dropping tho girl on the floor and almost putting his foot on hor, after tho manner of alo semper tyrannie. 44 What does this mean 7" again shouted the young mao, and the remainder of tho family came tumbling down etalrs, none of them fixed to see company. " Let go of me and shut that door, and 111 tell yon," wheezed Charlie. " You don't want to raiso the neighborhood and bring the patrol waggon, do you? " Seme of the other members of the family br this time had roscoed tho reporter and snut the door, and while the mother and tho servants carried the unconscious girl, upstairs, Charlio told tho father and son how ho had mot the young lady, aud what tho trouble wan. Both men knew him by sight, and had mit him on 'Cbango aud clsowhcre, and It was not diificult to explain tho situa tion. Ifolf-an-hoar later the reporter was at home in bed and droamlng sweet dreams of pretty girls end all sorts of romantio thing. "When he ronchod tho offico next day a nolo was waiting for btin, and he was invited to call that evening on tho mother of tho young lady. llocallcd, iff com so. IIo saw tho mother ; bo few llinrttugl.'or, blushing n»d beantiful; aud now. if Charlie Is n hsuhelortauohlotiyjir tboro will bo a breach of pmitilso suit or saute othcrdrendful calamity, for Charlie's mind is made up. — 11 rreelVcM." 