GHOSTS AGGRESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Ghosts take tunny and various forms, and there arc a few pretty terrifying one iu A!r Stead's collection. There aro diabolical lloatinu faces mid mutilated trunks. There is a ghost which inflicted its coipdauv au an unhappy living friend for a wulk of somo duration, which it onlivcne'i with a long and detailed accouut of its violent death, aud with the spectacle of its body "burning from within, outwards uncoasumed." There are ncgreisive gbssta, which null off oue's liedclothea, nr grapple with ono in _ a confusion of material and immaterial. There is cveu a ghost .which altaekcd a railway porter at night accom panied by a ghostly dog. which actually bit tho porter in the calf of his log. And thcro is ono which strikes us as the only iustanco wo have yot como across of a " warm, soft, and plump" ghost— but the poor thing only consisrei of a band and arm. But wo will conclude with a vcrv creepy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated corpse. Tho apparition may fit Itself out, it seems, with the very parte whioh are mntsiug iu tbe mortal remains, to say nothing oi making its presonco known by an euergctic smack ou tho back ' About ths middlo of tbo first dccadn of this century, there lived in the little seaport town of Girvau, in South Ayrshire, & jounc man and bis sister; thoy wore warntly attached to eaoh other. My grandmother, fiom whom 1 beard their story, wus intimately acquainted with the young woman. The brother followod the precarious and dangerous avocation of tho fisher, and our story begins with the toss of his lifo by tho swamping of his boat in a storm. . For a week . or two his sister was incon solable ; her mind dwelt id imagination on tho loved form of her brother tossed amongst tho weeds and ooze ou tho bed of the ocean, tho tood for fishes, and tbo dwelling- place for creeping thlntrs. At tliis stago the body was discovered in a rocky part of the ooaat owing to a singu larly vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to tho town ; an incident remarkable in itself, but not to our present purpose. Tho corpse, wbich wss much decomposed, had lost tho right hand. This mutilation made a'dcep and painful impression on tho sister's mind. !Ever and,anon, she would burst out into a fit of weeping, wringing her own hands, and bewailing tbe loss of her brother's hand. This continued for about a week, until one night, preparatory to going to bed, she had undressed ; but before abe bad got into bed, overcome by tho force of her emotiona, aho threw beriaoo on the pi!low; and burst out woepintf, «od bemoaning the toat baud ;but scarcely had she douoao when, with a ery of fear, she sprang from the bed. Her crioa aoon brought the other lomatea of the bouao.'to'bar rooa/andiWben ques tioned she informed them that when the bad thrown horaelf on the bed, she felt aomeoue %lte her a slap on the back as if with the open band < t and that lbs pjauawhses shswaa struck wM 8ttHvri8fcfclg.fM ths stats 'of the blow, and put her hand over her shoulder to pniut out tbo place whero she was struck. Tbey cxamiocd the place, aud over the shoulder blade, in livia blue, was tbo im pression of a man's right hand. 