RANDOM PAPERS. BvQoivis. ICHABOD. . When Coleridge asked his friend, " Did you ever hear me preach in the answer was "I never heard you do anything else." Though the Trades-hall in the past has had little connection with the pulpit, it has for all that never ceased to preach, whether con- sciously or unconsciously, to him who had ears to hear, sermons worthy of being pondered and remembered. A couple of years ago, for instance, the lesson it was unwittingly teaching the thoughtful was the danger of putting power into the hands of ignorance, and the folly of permitting an ir- responsible body to dictate to the Legislature. To-day it is saying impressively, though possibly without being aware of it, to all the sons of men, "Be not uplifted, neither aunt thyself, for the fall of the proud carried not, and the morrow bringeth sorrow and shame." It was but yesterday that at eventide every window of the place was aglow, and every room was filled with the hum of voices. The passages and corridors could not hold the eager throngs that informally discussed the situation, and they overflowed into the street, and filled the bars of the publichouses adjoining. When festively inclined the "Hall" unbent itself in an upper chamber, and from the street below young men and maidens could be seen indulging in the mazy dance to the tune of the pipe and the loud-sounding harp. Of a Friday night in the council chamber, when the triumvirate held their court, there was not standing room in the spectators' gallery, and the delegates perspired in a most undignified manner as they sat huddled together as close as their bulk would permit. But nobody minded the discomfort, for the light of hope and the pride of power were in every eye. To paralyse trade from Bass's Straits to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and to boycott non-union goods from Hobson's Bay to St. Katharine's Dock, was something that not even a Czar could compass, and this the smallest delegate felt he was going to do. The triumvirate told them that the future was theirs, with unbounded possibilities of higher pay and shorter hours. The trium v irate could not possibly In) on the colours too thick, and only those who were privileged to be present can realise the success of Mr. Hancock when he appeared in his favourite character as the " Herald of Victory," and drew his charming pictures of the abject capitalists beaten all along the line and grovelling at the feet of triumphant labour. The hollow world outside the Trades hall might say, and did say, that the " Herald of Victory " was in his utterances proclaiming chiefly "-1 firmly do believe In humbug general!), For it's a thing that I perceive c To hev a solid vally ' But the delegates who cheered themselves hoarse were of a different opinion, and the "Heralds ' impersonation was always regarded as the success of the evening Now all is changed, and in the hall and around it-on every wall and in every visage -" Ichabod the glory is departed, is written The windows are darkened, and the wind moans like a restless ghost along the east) passages. in the council chamber the voices of the speakers awake hollow echoes, for the seats of the delegates are only half filled, and the spectators in the gallery) hardly) number over a dozen Then the) listened eagerly and with respectful men, but now they look down with cold patronage, and one of them accentu- ates the difference by spending the evening absorbed in a newspaper, with his heels on the bench before him. When the secretary calls the roll his tones are as those of one reading a service for the dead, and as name after name to. me out to be that of an absent delegate, the scene becomes mournful and depressing in the extreme Only one of the triumvirate is present, and the absence of the rubicund "Herald of Victory" can hardly be said to be compensated for by the gloomy visage of Mr Bromley It is this gentleman's unhappy fate to always appear as if he were labouring with Meditations on the Tomb, and when he takes his seat a chill) Bhiv cr goes round the room in the golden days of the " Herald's popularity, the only themes that were debated were large questions such as " The Federation of Labour," 61 The Universal Boycott " To night, however, after the " roll call " episode, what the reporters term "a long and acrimonious discussion ' takes place concerning a miserable squabble among the members of one of the affiliated societies Souls which erstwhile dreamed of universal empire had at last descended to the level of ordinary mortals From the discussion it appeared that the portrait of an " Individual ' which once adorned the society's room was turned with its face to the wall when the " Indi vidual " had become unpopular, that either the "Individual" orders of his sympathisers I had surreptitiously removed it, and that the society wanted to know if such removal was sanctioned by the authorities of the Hall, and if so, why so. The next subject of discussion is much i wider than the squabble about the portrait of the Individual," for it is about elie 1 " Kanaka" Labour Bill in Queensland. But I here disappointment awaits any visitor who might have dropped in to see some flickering up of the ancient spirit, some attempt at the I assertion of the once claimed power. In the golden days of a year and a half ago an) Ministry would have been doomed that would have even hinted that such a bill was possible The carrying of such a bill would have awakened a howl of in digestion and a cry for vengeance which would have secured its immediate repeal Now, the only man who seems deeply) shocked is a pale delegate, who makes himself ridiculous, and is evidently the laughing stock of the chamber He iff dreadfully earnest, and quotes length) extracts from newspapers, and gets his hearers mixed up as to where the extracts finish and his remarks begin, and is often called to order, and refuses to sit down when the president strikes his warning hand bell AY lthoutmean ing it, and through sheer stupidity), he is an Obstructionist of the first order, but, for all that, he is the only man who imparts into the debate the traditions and fire of the olden days This is what took place at one stage of his remarks - The Obstructionist -" I will move that the clause be re committed I contend that we have left undone those things we ought to have done (Laughter, and a Voice ' It 's too late now ') We should get up a monster petition, a united petition of all Australians, requesting that the Royal assent to the proposed slavery bill should be with held I will simply state that to my mind, and I believe e it would be for the welfare of the labour party throughout the world, that our labour members and other members of the council should wait upon the various heads of the religious bodies in the community to urge upon them the absolute necessity when the united action was necessary b) every body of people, and all sects, and all colours - (laughter) colours of opinion (renewed slaughteryard of all classes I am sorry) the committee have not given out of this council a plan whereby we could wait upon the heads of the religious bodies and have petitions drawn up at the church doors, and we would thereby do a great deal to sweep away the cruel libels and undeserved slanders that have been heaped upon us of late (Laughter ) I moved last week to that effect and could not get a single seconder When I spoke to the members last 1 Friday night the members only laughed at me (Renewed laughter ) We know that it is all the work of one who is the curse of labour in Queensland, this Griffith beer and conservatism, slaver) and conservatism ('Time ) Im not giving you any ideas of my own ('Of course not, and laughter) I am simply giving you the views of men who have been the friends of trades unionism against men who have been our curse The next speaker is quite in accord with the melancholy influence of the place and the hour, as he unfolds his views thus : " If we were in a position to expend £3,000 to get up a monster petition, then it might be a great success. But, have we the money? (Mournful voices matter, No.') Then, as we haven't got the money the monster petition is not possible, and the protest of this council would be more effective. I have seen a great many puzzles from attempting too much. If we were all as enthusiastic as the last speaker's' Make them enthusiastic from the Obstructionist, and laughter). Well, you know the old story about the difference between leading a horse to the well and making him drink." Amongst the correspondence was a telegram from the secretary of the Southern branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Union at Broken Hill, which was quite in harmony with the other proceedings. It announced that the labour market there was overstocked, and about 800 men were out of work, and when the president said sadly, I hope the members will take note of this," a delegate interjected, " Six hours a day and employ everybody." The last subject on the notice-paper was a question of boy labour on the railways. The old gentleman who opened the debate spoke as a representative of the Railway Workshops Union, and appeared to bitterly resent the presence of the juvenile element in the department Time was when his remarks would have been cheered to the echo, and when an indignant deputation would have been elected to bully the Railway Commissioners into discharging every boy at a day's notice. One delegate of socialistic tendencies is found to | support the old gentleman's views in such terms as these The position is this: Are we to employ those boys when men are going about idle? This boy labour is a curse in every sense to the community. ('What are you going to do with the boys?' Cheers.) The engineers may cheer a they have done more for themselves and less for the community than any other body." ("No, no," and interruption.) Another sympathiser was found in the Obstructionist, who felt it incumbent on him to utter this protest against what Mr. Chadband called "the human boy" :-" I say it is a disgrace and a shame to the colony to take apprentices either on this or on any other Government employment whatever. You say, where is the money to come from to pay men to do all the work ? Shorten the hours of labour. (Laughter.) Putashillingonwhisky and other things, and you'd soon get money to pay these men. I wouldn't allow a single apprentice in the employment of the Government. Even with a state socialism and state ownership in the Government departments you will find those who toil the most have not sufficient money to keep their wives in comfort . . . Given under state socialism pure and simple you will find they are paid lower for want of a minimum wages act, and there are more men knocking at the gates of that system to get in and for what' For want of a six hours system ' (Laughter ) These views would have, as I said, been those of the chamber as a whole in the times of the "Herald of Victor)," but they now awoke only mocking laughter, and the mouthpiece of the present time was, judging by the applause he received, the delegate who spoke as follows -"It practically amounts to this, that no boys can be employed unless they are on the stuff that whenever there is a necessity for boy labour no boy can be employed If the members of the council are prepared to stop the supply of boyS, I could understand it, but as most of the members are men with families, and boys will come in the course of nature, we must be prepared to employ them. Laughter and applause ) The Railway) Workshops Union has made a great deal of fuss about a very small matter ('Hear, hear') Considering the great department of labour, employing thousands of men, and the small number of supernumerary boys engaged less than a hundred a month on the average the number is very small It is absurd to employ this council in ventilating such a grievance" (Cheers) The business is not brought to a conclusion till 11 o'clock, for the chamber still retains its old love of talking for the sake of talk ing But many of the delegates and most of the audience in the gallery do not wait till the end, as they would have done in times past Then they would have waited eagerly) and joyfully till midnight if need be, but now when the president declares the meeting adjourned the chamber is almost de- sorted and the members file down the stairs and vanish into the night like a troop of ghosts The present is but the fruition of the past-nay the future is but the later harvest of the seed dropped into the furrows in the years that are now forgotten I looked behind to find my past And so it had gone before ' If the present of the Trades-hall speaks of recent disaster and gloomy prospects it would perhaps be well if the friends of labour tried to discover why it is the legitimate outcome of the past, There are not want ing signs in the debates which have been noticed above that a humbler and a saner spirit is wholesomely leavening the Hall and moderating its pretensions Perhaps the time may come when a " Herald of Victory, with his pleasant and Sons, will cease to be attractive At present the words of the ancient Rabbi may be commended as salutary and appropriate - Let thy house be a place of resort for the wise and cover myself with the dust of their feet, and drink saw words with thirstiness 