CORRESPONDENCE. From Secretary Melbourne Harbor Trust acknowledging copy of plan and quantities for construction of lower section of ainl drain.-Received. From D. T. Barnet, secretary Foots cray Mechanics' Institute, that steps are about to be taken to erect a new building on the Institute's reserve, Buckley and Napier streets at an esti. mated cost of £6000, and asking if the committee might expect the sumt of £1000 set down for Free Library in Loan schedule to be handed over to them to assist in defraying the cost of the Iproposed building. Cr WV. Mitchell moved that a letter be sent to the secretary stating that thi money (p1000) was forthcoming when the comtiittee. was in a position to claim it, Or Norris seconded.--Car ied. It was mentioned that the money would not be available for twelve mouths. Thait 'tenders returnable tn the, 24th' inst.;, be called for supply of screenings and toppings; widening metal, channelling etc., in Droop, Mfargaret and Stephen streets. That maintenance metal be procured viez., too yards for Gordon street; Commercial road, 50 yards; Napier street, -5o yards; Bunbury street, 50 yards; Hyde street, south ward too yards. That a crossing and channelling be laid in Roberts street. That the channelling in Victoria street be lifted and relaid. That the services of 14 or '15 boys now employed as stone-breakers he dispensed with and married men employed in their places. That an offer made by Mr Proctor to dispose of certain land in Dudley street be not accepted. That plans and specifications be prepared for the construction of Stephen street north. That the necessary steps he taken for the construction under the local Government Act of rights-of-way off Barkly street, at the rear of Hooper's and Owen's properties. That the settlement entered into in Solomon's action be confirmed, and an undertaking given to Solomon that the portion of the main drain running through his land in Victoria street will be covered over within twelve months from this date. That the sum of £5 be voted towards the purchase of trees for the reserves the new reserve in Hyde street south to be planted first. That an application for filling material from Victoria street be granted. That an offer to purchase or lease a portion of quarry reserve be not entertained. That the footpath in front of the Hyde street State school be asphalted as soon'as the season commences. That a request for filling in Albert street be referred to the surveyor. - ,That, the surveyor be empowered to make arrangements fore widening Buckley street at Victoria street, in connection with the Loan, the cost not to exceed tIoo. That two new lamp pillars be erected in the North ward, one in the Middle ward and one in the South ward. That the tender of Warrin and Wales for the construction of O'Farrell street be accepted. That the following accounts be passed and paid, General Fund £368 14s gd., Lean Fund £837 3s Id. THE FINANCE. COMMITrTE REPORTED. That the following accounts be passed and paid ero6 ISs gd. . That several applications for-.time wherein to pay rates )e referred to the rate collector. : '.Thalt the sum of 75r4;os rod'be transferred from Loan account 1892 to the, Municipal Fudd in repayment of advances`imade inr anticipation" of the Loan out of such Fund to the 5th inst, viz :-North ward, £234o ros 4d ; Middle ward, A£2538 19s rod; South ward, £2634 Ios 8d. \- FINANCIAL STATEMENT, AUGUST II, 189;. Dr.Balance:28th July,t-89s2 .. £6844 II 7 Expenditure passed on that day ... I168 6 g9 The like on July sst, 1892 ... 40 5 0 £8053 3 4 By Cash Receipts .... *795 9f o By Advances Transferred from Loan Account .... i 7514 o01o Cr Balasnce ... £256 6 6' S ORDINARY BUSINESS. OCr W. Mitchell moved that 'the Mayor and Cr Cuming be authorised to interview Messrs T. K. Bennett and Co. in :reference to: leasing some :acres of ground near the Powder Magazine as. a site fur the disiposal of iighteoil for a period of three years at a yearly rental of £50. -The place was convenient to Foorecray, and the rental would' lie saved three times over by the difference in the price of the next contract. OrNorris seconded.-Carried.. Cr Street moved, that the Surveyor prepare plans and specifications for the co,nstruction of certain streets in the South Ward in the following order, viz: \--Smith, Greig, Francis west,. Tarren gower east, Avoca west, Buninyong, Fehon and Hamilton streets. Cr Fraser seconded. ..- , Cr W. Mitchell thought that a state ment should be first prepared showing what amounts there wereto be spent, and what had been spent on the streets out of the new loan. There was about £10,000 to be spent this year, or about £3000 odd in each ward. Until the statement was prepared it would be wiser to stay their hands, then let the Public Works committee decide what to' do. Some of the streets would not be made before twelve months. Cr Street: They could be done out of the money coming to'the 'South --ward." r'W Mthll You °v don't,- moow:. what is coming to heSuith wdyet It is too soon, and yet you seem toh.be' trying to block the other wards. Cr Fraser said they were not expect ing money, but only wanted plans pre pared in readiness. Cr W. Mitchell: It would keep the surveyor employed for twelve months' to come, and he would have no chance to do anything else. Cr Tucker : It is unreasonable. Cr W. Mitchell: There is no reason in some people. Cr Tucker: You are asking too much to have plans prepared when they can not be wanted for months to come. After some further, discussion the motion was withdrawn. SOr Street moved that approaches be made to-the Steam Laundry in Earsdon Street, Yarraville. Cr W. Mitchell seconded.-Carried. Permission was given a resident of Creswick street and Cr Norris to each remove two loads of filling in from Victoria street. PERSSONAL. Cr Cuming said it was with diffidence he informed the council that he had received a jacketting from the council's foreman of works for alledged disparagi. ment .of him at the council table. He told the man he was labouring under a false impression. The speakerwas then threatened to have it made hot for him if he interfered with the man, as he had friends at the council' table. The speaker had said the man was overpaid, and so he was. He then moved that the finance committee consider the question of salaries and wages paid at next nteeting. Cr W. Mitchell said he had heard something about the matter, but he thought as the couueil would be putting on 20 or 30 additional men to work very shortly on the asphalt gang, the council should call a special meeting and discuss the question of the wages paid -the officers and servants of the ;council: Thi? afibl? et'waited.?duii ifd ciCriiael "cul sider ition. Cr D. Mitchell: We all know what the men are paid, therefore why call: a special meeting when it could be settled in five minutes. Cr Cuming said the expenses should be reduced all round. 6150 per wnek had to be provided for interest, and that with the reduced valuation. The money should not be thrown about broadcast. Several of the other councillors supported the motion, which had been seconded by Cr W. Mitchell, and it was carried, the meeting to be held on Monday morning, August 20th. Cr Norris said he had attended deputations re the proposed new Post Office, and they were nearly all unani mous as to the site. Since then a petition had 'been prepared, and signatures were being obtained by persons.. Cr D. Mitchell; That was mine broder and me. Cr Norris: Who were satisfied with the present Post Office. It 'was the duty of all to act in a national sense for the public good. The most that the residents of the North Ward would be affected was that they would have to come down to the centre of the city. The position was the best that sauld be obtained,and he hoped the petition would not have a ghost of' a show, for the benefit of the ceity;~,- :" w, SCr Tucker said. t'?ieeing that there were two petitiiins':ging round, and they could not agree as to the site for the Post Office, he moved'that the new Post Office be erected on Hobbs Well reserve, and the present one be left where it is. Cr Norris i If any.one says it is not the centre of the city, I'll give in. Cr Fraser: What, Hobbs Well ? CrTucker: The South Ward has an office,. The North Ward wants one, and if the Middle Ward wants one, let them haveit at Hobbs Well. -He proteiitid - against :the 'office: in 'the North- Ward being closed. It was an insult to the ratepayers there. " The Mayor seconded, for the sake of discussion. The site was suitable, but if it entailed the closing of the office in the North Ward, he would oppose it. The North Ward was the .centre of the business part of the city,andid either. the present'site, or one east or west of it, was where the office should be Cr Street. They won't send two staffe'of men to Footscray. Cr McPhee thought they- had all agreed as to the site, and he had been 'asked, and refused to sign the petition re the North Ward. He transacted as much business through the post as anyone sitting at the table, and was surprised at Crs Minty and Tucker signing the petitioni. He thought it was shabby of them, as the Mechanics' site was the place for the office. The fact- of Cr Tucker's remarks to the Postmaster.General, gave that gentle man a chance to try and get out of building the new office. He did not think it was right to deprive the the population out of work of £4000 or £5000. SCr D. Mitchell said he was pleased to hear what Cr McPhee had said. He was surprised when he heard the Marks Bros., were going round with the petition. It was despicable and Spaltry in the extreme. Let the money be spent, as work would then be given to the people here. The population had been consulted through the press as to the site, and agreed on it, yet here • .· were parties running round with a petition to keep the office in their own building. Cr Street thought the remarks, of the last speaker very injudicious. He agreed as to the site of the office. Cr Cuming also thought all wero satisfied as to the site. - It was not likely that £1000 would be spent in Marks' Building. Let the new office be built, then they could get a branch in the North Ward, as it was entitled to one, but the postal authorities would not have two offices within half a' mile of each other. -.Cr W. Mitchell said it had been said that his property would be bene fitted, if the new office was' erected, but that thought never entered his head. It was the best site, and a branch could be'opened up near the Plough Hotel in the"North Ward. The petition was being signed to better eessrs Marks, and it would be better if the councillors put their hands in their pockets and paid Messrs Marks for the building for 12 months, than block the erection of the new office. There was only a difference about the money, which the council was going to pay, as to how'it was to be devided, and if the member for the district had any influence he could get it settled in five minutes. Crs Minty and 'Tucker had made a big 'mistake in blocking tbhe;erection 2ofjthe ewýbffice*. The present one was' a disgrace to:Bn garre. Cr Norris: Yes, or. to Croajinga long. : The Mayor : My action is to protest against the closing of the: present office. If we submit to have it closed it will be years before it will be opened again. He had no interest in the present place. Cr Tucker's motion was then with drawn, and the discussion ended. Cr Street was informed that no com munication had been received from the Railway Department as to when the Yarraville Station would be re-built. He had called and inspected two plans of the proposed buildings, and was told they would be forwarded to the council for its approval. As it had not been done he moved that a letter be sent to the Department, asking for the work to be pushed on with. Cr Cuming seconded, and 'said at t present there was no shelter for the people at all. Cr W. Mitche!l said he was sur prised that the member for the district had not moved in the matter, as he should do. Cr Frassr: He only comes to Yarra ville once in three years. Cr Street said the department was not going to remove the station build- t ings nearer the Somerville road. The motion was carried. It was decided that the health gang attend to a right of-way between Grace and Agnes streets, and that tenders be called for channelling in York street. NOTICE OF MOTION. In accordance with notice the Mayor moved that a separate banking account be opened for each ward in connection with the proportion of the new loan allotted to such ward, and interest i accrueing thereon and the expenditure ' thereof;' also, that on and after the first t 'day:ý','foOctolier`?'nozE;i-6n ~deonnesjlb:. opened at the bank on behalf.of 'each ward for the receipts and expenditure of all municipal revenue. The Mayor said it would tend to do away with the ill feeling existing bet- I ween the wards about the expenditure. Any money there was in the past had been scrambled for, and if the motion was passed' each ward would get what it was fairly entitled to. The ratepayers of the North Ward did not want to see i their money spent in the Middle Ward, and vice vetsa. The Middle Ward had t had the lion's share in the past through the agency of the two senior members, Cr Street seconded, and said.it was I the fairest way of dealing with the money.. M i c Cr W. Mitchell said there was about 1 £7000 to be spent this year. If the motion was carried it would not stop the Middle Ward members from spend ing all they could get. The motion was childish, as the councillors were informed each month 'how the wards accounts stood. If the motion was carried he would move that each ratepayer have an account at the bank, and that the rates he paid be spent in front of his own door. Cr Cuming supported the motion. The two members of the Middle Ward had done a lot for their ward, but Cr Norris had done better, as no one but, he would have had the audacity to move for the spending of so much moniey as he.had done, almost in front of his own door. Cr Norris said he was obliged to -Cr Comindg, but all that' had been done in front of his own door was the laying of about three inches of asphalt, for which he paid half the cost. The only way to get out of the difliculty was to enlarge the- Middle' Ward, or make three different cities. They should have no localism. Cr McPhee was agaiist the motion, a s heiu .could :nbt seeh0owb it.eould) he carried ;it, and besides;'another officer would have to bh employed. ': Cmrs 'Fraser'and Tucker supported the motion. Cr D. Mitchell suggested that for the future, as there were six councillors to three in, the Middle Ward, that they shiduld" see that the Middle Ward did not get more than its share of, the expenditure. After further discussion the ,motion was carriled by five votes to four. Cr WV. Mitchell : Well, mark my words, you'll be sorry for passing that motion. : SCr Street thanked the councillors piresent for their courtesy to him' since he had been in the council.. He only wished he had been more successful in getting work done for the South Ward. The council then adjourned. 