UNDER SENTENCE IB NORFOLK ISLAND. ? - - ? ACTHE-VriC BECOUD8, » ♦ ♦ ? No. 10. rss iitib Bmn. ffitximmona waa not troubled again by his tormentors, the two constables. It did not ' fail Ward's scheme that they should be pry iar about the house, and they got a qakt hint (torn one oi the highest official* not to bother the old hatkeeper any more. Daring the succeeding day on which he paid his visit to the convict boatman, Ward was exceedingly bos;. He Tinted no less than six of the out lying shepherd prisoner*, and won upon.them to soch an extent — by the aid oi a glib tongue and tobacco — that they each promised to riail Fitximmons' hat that night, armed with the pasiword. Ha even mtde arrange meet* whereby Hendrick found him Mil at liberty to join the conspirator*, and complete the secret circle. Ward bad, in tact, gone to the command ant, and told him an nntrnthral etory about baring discovered the beginning oi a serious plot, and he named certain cooviets con cerned in it. He asked— «o that matten might be brought to a crisis— that these men be allowed at much liberty a* possible, in order that they might attend the rendezvous, and hi* request w« at once granted. The hotkeepers and shepherds were most ly in a position to more about at night, al though it was not allowed, bat a man belong incr to the prison gang like Hendriek was in a different position. Aa it iu necessary that he should attend the conspirators meel ine, be was toldoS as a nigh; patrol amongst that section of the forest hatkespers in which Fiszimmons' dwelling lay. At eieht o'clock on the nieht of April the l:h. 1547, nine men were assembled in Filx iramons' hat. They were convicts Hendrick, Mejriek, Fitiimmons, Evans, Haddon, Lake, Jl'Kinler, Carter, and free boatman Ward. They had reached the place in a stealthy manner, and it was evident that the gather ing was for no good purpose. Each ol shem K«.ve the hntkeeper the password— ' Wild Tobacco,' when they came ta tbe door, \vilh the exception of Meyrici, who bad received it from Hendrick after the Utter '3 interview with Ward, the felons had all got the watch word from the boatman. The evening was terribly wild and stormy. Sach a one as when Tarn O'Shanter took the road to Kirk Alloway in, when — ?* A child that night might underitan' The deil bad business on his ban.'' The comfortless interior of ths squalid net with tbe darkneia made visible by a ' dip' light did not add cheerfulness to the acxioas led gl-omy faces of the. c-ccapsnw. When | tbe las: man entered Fitsimmcae secured the j door with a beam of wood, and they all sal ! around a rickes;y table on some rnde benches. | Heodriek was the erst to break the silence j by alluding to the business which bad brought i them together. ' Yoa know, men, why we have come here, 1 suppose,' he began ; '? we want to free our lelvea from misery ana erailtj. We were b&d; enough o5 a mocth ago, but now w« Are 1 much worse. The little privileges which ! made oar hard lot bearable hive been wiib- ! drawn, and we are worse than any slaves en j taxth. For ray part I cannot stand is sny longer. If I fail in obtaining freedom 1 shall be hanged, of course, but iha; is better thaa being slowly finrged to death, and I s«e no reason why a general rising should fail.'* ' There ii not the slightest doab; of sue e*sa if evervene rails tocether.' broke in ?Ward. ' If the plot is properly laid i; can not faE, and by striking tbe blow quickly ii will be all the better, far the authorities do not dream of another outbreak so soon after Westwocd's Baicg.' ' Aye, we must move with caution.*' laid Fitxinimcrw. ' Wesswood's revolt W3s well planned, and yet it did not sc«eed. We have crafty men to deal with, who have power behind them, and il will tike a crest blow to v ? t_ :- ,» oreai 11. ' The January rising was & perfect bcngls,' replied the bcasmsn, warmly. ' Why did they not get the prisoners at Lcngticge and Cascade to join them. The settlement would be in their hands now ii that had been dene. It allowed the major and commandant to get reinforcements from theis places, instead of being obliged to seed for assistance to them. At Locgridge there was only twenty eight men to gnard six hundred prisoners. The handful of military then cccld have been rwept away like ehaf before the wind had the convicts wished. The same eould have been done by the four hundred prucceri at C&s-; Mde, and the thousand men thai liberated Muld have swept down on the rear of the Corrects at Sydney Bay. and snapped up its hw defender*. Xothing could 'have pre vented it, Less than two hundred men would Rave been hemmed In between two thousand Aeeperate convicts, fighting for life and liber ty, and nothing short oi a mind; scold have raved the authorities. I tell von if a eeneril riring is arranged at all the prisons, it raost ttseeed.' The arguments of Ward e-remed to hare rontiderable efieet on his auditors, who list ened to him with breathless interest. At Hngth Meyriek laid, ' What would you suggest, sir, as a good plan to adopt ?'' ' First ol all it will be necessary to get all the leadin^ini-wostworthy eCZvU'e on ypcr \- KoeV Between you all that ongbtto be easily done. Ton each know some of tbe prisoners who cmn be trusted, and they in turn will know others who will be faithful. Thai the plot will widen oat like a watery circle until ?'» embraoea all worth having. Of course, when you get a majority of the prisoners on your aide the minority will have to follow. In the meantime: the details of the plan mest be arranged and confided to yonr friends, who will earefully spread it around. When that h done— and as soon as possible after, to prevent the possibility oi a waverer turning traitor — a suitable occasion most be fixed lor the general rising. I think a good plan would be to tet fire to, aay the Cascade prison, at night. The cfaiei officers would harry there from Sydney Bay and Loneridga stations with all the available hands they eoold muster, and then the rising conld take place at theee places. Daring the eonlaeion of the fire at Cascade moat ol the prisoners cools escape and assemble in some ariBsinted place. If a small gnard were placed over the convicts to prevent escape, it woold be ? very simple matter re overpower it, The de tails could be arranged beforehand. I am only giving a general outline of what would be a good plan,' \- Ward spoke this with an earnestness that appeared to be sincere, and as ii warming up with the ??heme, he added,— 11 1 auppoea moat of yoa will wonder why I, who am a free man, should suggest such a plot as this to you. m soon tell yoa. First ly.I am in diagram, and don't eire how icon I leave this place, but that is not the reason I am risking my life to-night. I hate the accursed convict lystem. In Tan Die man's Land I have two brothers wearing oat theU lives in penal servitude, although they are innocent of any erime. - They were con. Ticted in Dnblin on tne evidence of a ruffian ly informer named O'Malley, and sentenced to transportation for life. I have sworn to rescue them, and for that purpose I managed to get a situation as boatman at the priion of Port Arthur in Van Dieman's Land. When I was there a few weeks the superintendent ' fbon£ oat by some means who I was, and I ; '-Vm at once1 sent here. I'have been di«stia fiad ever since, .and having seen tbe cruelties ef the system I am more than ever anxious to rebaia mybro;hers. A/ 1 cannot do ii by remaining here, I am glad of the removal that awaits me, and for the sake ol my suffer ing relatives I wish to . assist those who are similarly placed.11 The free boatman had a glib tongue, and was doing raw: cf the talk. His last speech wjuld have been excellent hid it been trne, but if had the trifling drswbiek of, being falkj from beginning to ecd. With ths exception of one person the whole of his listener; re garded it as gospel, and began to look aeon Ward as little inferior to a saint, 3 real mes senger of good tiding*. When, as ii overcome by the sympathetic feeling! whieh the me rcano, iheu gr»muile knew no ooun Ji. At tboagh naturally suspicions, the convicts were throsn off their guard and completely hoodwinked by tbe wily informer — all but one, and that *u Meyrick. That felon eat regarding the boatman with a strange and oxiinoa3 lire in his eve«. The feeble light did no: permit Wird io k« bis Uet closely, or he might have takan alarm. The man seemed to be evolving old recollections, and gradually his countenance became convulsed with passion and hu hands twitched nerv ously. As Ward roes to go, be, with a power ful f Sort, regained a measure oi compos ure. ' We wilt all meet h»rs the evening alter to-morrow,' said the boatman as he left them, the understanding being that each ihould depart eeparately. A etonn was rag ing outside, and tbe free boatman made his way towards the chief prison, muttering as be went. ' It's fairly started, bat I mast get a eoaple of dozen more in before I have them nabbed.' When he bad passed the door of the hut Meyrick went to it, and peered out into the darkness after him. He was soon lost in the gloom, but still tbe man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit up the forest, and re vealed Ward making fcr the settlement. Then he closed the door carefully, and after securing it walked to the table and took bis former seal. His face was rigid and white, so much so tbat even the obtuse convicts noticed it. 'Have yoa seen a ghost?' asked Hend rick, that being supposed to be tbe popular cause of frightening people at night. ' Would to God it was tbat and nothing more I had seen,' replied Meyrick in a solemn voice, ' I have seen the ghost oi former days certainly, but that is not half so fearful as the reality of the present. I may as well tell ycu, men, that we are all lost. Nothing cin save us.'' '? Are we watched ?' exclaimed the convicts starting to their feet in aSrigbt. ' How are we lost .*'' ?? I doa's ihink we are watched yet, bat I im sure that by to-morrow morning the com mandan will know that each of ub was here, and everything that pa&ied;, with a good deal that never pissed.'' ' You den't mean to say that Mr Ward is a spy, surely .'' they asked. ' I do ; and I can tell you more. His name is not Ward it all, but Michael O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. The story he told u- about his brothers is all fake, but if he had not said it I would probably never have recognised him. although I thought there wi« something about him familiar to me. When he mentioned O'Mailey I knew him at once, althoogb he is zreatly changed. He is the most diabolical villain tbat walks the earth to-day. Linen for a few minutes and I will tell yoa who our new found friend is that even now is weaving the rope to bang us.' 11 In tbe beeinnins; of IStO I was a yonng man in Dublin with good pro?psct= before me. I fels liks rrany another pstriotic Irish man that my country was bidly governed, and I longed to fee her independent. I wa; a member of a dob called ?? Erin's Band.' It was an h&rmksa; tori of an affair, where a number of yocng fellows met and kept their patriotism warm by recounting the d«d« and ancient glory of Hibernia. Tcvards the end of ths year I mention, one Michael Mil ley was sdaitte-i a memt-sr, and becaim: very popular with his clcb feilovs. I fa?, at ons lhat he sij a firebrand and loci a dislike to him, which he rcrilaiiy reciprrciud. D*y after day he iaiidiouiiv incalcuisud tbe dex trine of force into the impressionable and fiery young men. He almoit worked the society icto a revolutionary body, and at last the crash came. A conflict with a body of military jook place between then and a number of the club men. I w&s; amongst the latter, and tried hsrd to prevent the disturb ance. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Millay came out in his true colon. He was a paid Government informer, and swore enough to hang u;. Nine tenths cf his evidence was false. Acts that he had committed were attributed to me, and the end was that myself ana focr other members of the clnb were sentenced to transportation for life. It transpired during the trial that O'Malley hid been an informer for several years, but his last exploit would have cost him his life had he not b~en spouted away by the authorities. My companions and my self were sent to Port Arthur prison, and a few minthi siier I was transferred here. The fait of those poor men being there may have had something to do with O'Milley's removal to this place, for it was currently reported in Dnblin that I had died, and no doub: the informer accepted it as true. Ton wCl judge by tbis what sort of a man we have to deal with. I am sure he is in leaene with the efieisJ*, and this is a ' put up ' job.' The deluded conspirators sat and looked at the speaker, but for a time their tongues were dumb. At length Hendriek said, ? ' I ean we we have been led into a trap, but it'; not too lal« yet to get oat of it. Ward will be here in a eonple of nights, and I don't think he suspects anything We eaa deal with him then.' The other men said nothing, bat as they left the hut and west oat into the darkness of the raging storm, oceasiocaily lit aD bT i the land flashes of lightning, their looks | spoke more eloquently th3n words of the ' more awiul stcra of paiiionite revenge which * was toisisg their hearts. I Punctual to time on the ni§b:-apr-cTnted j the conspirators me* ;t ??'itiimmon«' hut [ a?ain. Ward wii nnnsually tUted, for be | had_m«t ?»:& much snecess tbs; day amongst ! certain of the convicts, and the p'.ofwaa men- j ing fast. He gave the iiiembUd felons an f elaborate plan of the viuions prisons, and de- I tailed certain points which it would be neces- ' sary to observe. He also informed them that transports were expected in a fortnight's time, and it would be necessary to carry out the conspiracy before they came. It was nearly ten o'clock when he left the plotters, and the night was unusually dark. He did not go alone, for Msyrick said he would accompany him a short distance to wards his own destination. They had not got fifty feet from the bat when Hendrick, Evans, and Haddon opened the door and silently followed them into the sombre for est. , ' Have yoa seen Ward lately, Daniels T' the civil commandant asked the major three days after the second meeting in Fitzimmon's hat, us he met him in the oater yard. ' I have not. Is he missing?' ' He has not been seen at his quarters for three days, and that is suspicious. The work he is engaged on is rather hazardous,' said thb commandant. ' I think it would be advisable to send oui a eearcn party alter him. Ion have a good idea, I suppose, where he might have met with foul play,' returned Major Da niels, 'Yea. II he does not appear to day I will have a search made to-morrow.' The free boatman did not appear, and a rigid search was made in the vicinity of Fiiz immons' hat at first, and then in every part of_ the island, but without any trace of the misaing man being found. Two days after, whilst the reef gang were at work in Sydney Bay, an object cams floating towards them, riling and falling with the waves. As it came closer it was discovered to be the bideouj body of a man, which was scarcely identifiable, as that of William Waters, free bcitman, alias Miehael O'Malley, informer. The doctor found that the skull was frac tured, and the supposition was tbat the man had 5rsi been struck down, rendered insen f ib'.e, and thrown into Sydney Bay. The commandant tried hurd.to find the murder ers by offering s tree psrdon to any. accom plice who would inform, but it was in vain. .although he sbjswdly inspected who the ncrdereri ?i:e. Years afterwards, when Mcvriji w&s; oc hU death bed tt the coBvict itsiiia ia W«it Australia, he confessed to having struck the fsul blow, and helped to throw :hc h:dy into the sea. The '? Wild Toci-Mj 1'iot ' only brought disaster to its cri£?r..\:cr. . Kix: »;ek the P.jccrdi will b« continued ond« the title cf ' IT&d; Theodore.' This sill de-cube » tragic find extraordinary event 