Joe Beiion's Revenge. ' \ > BY ALTEED S. BURHAGS. ! > His name was Joseph Bslton, but his mates on board the Middlestrand lightship called him Grim Joe. His grizzled beard and sun-tanned face and hands told of a life in the open air. Joe had seen foreign service in the navy. He had stood to his gun and never flinched amid the hell of fl»m6 and shot which tained Irom the forts of impregnable Sebastopol; he had chased the slaver, and brought the frowning, baffled Arab trader to his knees; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hurricaneB in the mid-ocean, and had, save the loss of one finger on his light hand, come soathiess out of all. . . J. J T The loss of the finger incapacitated Joe Belton for active service, and he retired on bis pension, and for some time lived at a fishing village on the Essex coast, Bnt Joe got tired of mooning about with few better companions than the " 'longshore men," who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations run fancy free, but took good care never to dwell upon their perilous adventures and hairbreadth eBaapes when Joe Belton was within hearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vacancy occurred on board the Middleetrand lighi&hip;, and Joe applied for it. He was at once accepted, as he had left the navy with a clean sheet and such a character as any honest man might be truly proud of. Joe Belton was a bachelor. Ha bad loved, and Joved in vain, and, as he put it, " hauled in his heart's tackle, and stowed it away for ever*" Nobody knew much about the story, save that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart; and nobody cared to question him on the BUbject, for Joe's face would grow dark and forbidding at the slightest word of chaff relating to his lonely life. " Laok here, lads," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashore, . and when the wind roars at night, they ate thinking and praying for you, though they know that a lightship is the safeBt craft that floats. Be thankful yoa are not like me, who cares for nobody, and for whom nobody cares. Heigho ! Now I'll go and have a turn at the reflectors." On duty or off duty, whenever Joe Belton was upset, he would have " a turn at the reflectors." " Elbow grease " seemed to be the only salve to bis wounded heart, and he would keep on polishing until the reflectors were like burnished mirrors of silver ,* aud, as it were, he rubbed away the gloom from his faoe, and left it ruddy and calm, if not abso lutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dejectedness. Whenever he*was "off his bacoy," and read from a treasured copy of Milton's poems, his mates wiDked at each ether, and left him alone until the fit had passed away. One eight, after Joe had gone to his hammock, Pnil Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been carefully turned down, and, shaking his head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe must be in a very bad way indeed. "Bead them linen he's marked with a pencil," be saicl. "Bead 'em aloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not muoh of a scbolard." Jim pawling was willing to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read: " Hence, loathed Melancholy. Of Erebus and blackest midnight born In Stygian cave forlorn, . 'Moogst horrid shapes, and shrieks, and sights unholy Find out some nncouth cell, Where brooding Darkness spreads his jealous wings And the night raven sings; There, under ebon shades, and low-browed rocks As jagged as thy locks, In dark Cimmerian desert ever dwell." "I don't understand much about it," Phi* said, " but I daresay it's ail right. The only thing in my line is the low-browed rocks. Lor', what a head that 'ere Milton must have had, to be sure 1 But I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I s'pose it wouldn't be right to hide the book, would it, now ?" " I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with double pay,'.' Jim Bawling replied, My missus—and, bless her heart, she's still my sweetheart—knows something about how Joe was jilted. You see, Phil, such a story gets handed down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over the fire on winter nights. Why, bless yon, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted the coast when he was a young man, would make your hair curl like—like thin rashes o' bacon in a frying-pan." Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood curdling yarns, when bis eyes grew round and his mouth opened to its utmost limits. "Look ! Look there!" he gasped. Jim Dawling's face grew SBby pale as he turned slowly. There was some vague notion in his mind at that moment—and Jim had his full share of superstition, and perhaps a little over—that the ghost of his grandfather had come to polish up his memory; but in ate&d; of a spectre he saw Joe Belton. His eyes were fixed and staring, his arms hangiag loosely at his side, and his movements, as if he were measuring every step carefully, proclaimed that he was walking in his sleep. Suddenly he stopped, and, stooping down, felt about where he had left the copy of Milton's poems. Scarcely knowing what he did, Jici Dawling pushed the book noiselessly within the somnambolist's reach. Joe Belton took up the the volume, and muttered: <* Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackeBt midnight born ;" and then, with a dark expression of face and furious gesture, hurled the book from . him: Phil Oxley was conscious that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp all over with perspiration as if the cabin bad been suddenly connected with a slow oven. Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing but eimply sat and stared. He felt thet he was so rooted to the locker, that had a gun proclaimed a vessel in danger, little short cf Bteam power could have lifted him to his feet. Joe Belton crossed the floor, and stopping (Short against the wall, leaned his arm heavily upon it, and began to speak. " Well, Nancy," he said. " you know beet I have tried to win your heart, not to steal it, like a common thief. You have allowed your ears to be poisoned against me by Caleb Boze. He is my rival, and would say any thing againet me. I swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rules the land and eea, that at the time Raze says I was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta." He ceased speaking, and raised his bead as if waiting for a reply to his avowal. "You doubt me;" ha continued, in the •oice of a strong man subduing his passion " I sea it written on your face; I read it in your eyes. And it isn't doubt, Nancy ; you want to find an excuse to get rid of me. You favor Caleb Rize. What! you say no ? fl*y ye?« "Well I'll go; for I'd sooner plunge into the sea with a shot at my heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me." Joe Belton walked away a few paces, and then turned back again. "Tell Caleb Boze to give me a wide berth," he said. " I've always thought it was my nature to forget and forgive, but I'll never forget oz forgive the man whose lying tongue . has blighted my life and turned my heart to gall. Tell him so—tell him to keep beyond thereaob of my arm ; and good-bye, Nancyfortbelart time goodbye," Tee samoambulitjt crossed the cabin, and, oaesing out, went calmly back to hia hammock, as if he was weary, and his watch below liaa just beguc. , T. For some moments Phil Oxley and Jim Dawling did net speak, but at length Pml broke the silence. «• What—what d'ye think o that? be a*ked scarcely above his breath. •• It's the } awfullest thing I ever saw. Lor", I've got the \ pins and needles all over me !" " I think," Jim Dawling replied, " that the best thing Grim Joe can do ia to go ashore and see a doctor as quick as possible." " But the relief boat won't be here for mor'n a week, and you know the penalties for any msa quitting the ship without leave. Shall we tell Joe how he's been carrying on?" Jim Dawling turned the question over in hia mind for some moments, and replied in the negative. "What good would it do?" he argued. It would only frighten him and make him the more miserable to think that he had been walking and talking in his sleep. We'd better keep a olosa watoh over him, and mention the matter to the offiaer. He knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find some excuse to get him ashore." It was a dark, wild March night. The wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran high. Every now and then the lightning glared upon the storm-tossaa ocean and the distant desolate coast, and the thander roared as' if tearing the mighty piies of clouds asunder. While Oxley and Dawling were yet discussing Grim Joe'a bout of sleep-walking, arid promising to divulge it to no other man on board, the hoarse roar o£ the foghorn rent the air. As fast as their feet could carry the®, Gxlsy and Dawling ru3hed on deck, and they were quickly followed by Joe Belton, who, having slipped hia legs into hia elacks, completed the'rest of his toilet, sailor-lite, as he went to where duty called him. f There was a flare shown out south'ard," said the man who had sounded the alarm ; " and once 1 thought I saw a vessel, but at first I thought the lightning had deoeivedj me. Look I look 1 There she is." "She's running on to the sands," Joe Belton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, and Heaven help her and all on board if she doens't sheer off. Keep the horn going. Ban out the gun, and give her a louder warning. What does the captain mean by running into the jaws of death like this? He must be either drunk or mad." Crash! went the report of the gun. It was answered by another, and a red flare, which told its own etory only two well. " She's lott her helm," Jim Dawling said. " See how she rolls and flounders. May the Lord Fend the wind about I Ah, sbe strikes! she strikes! Poor souls, they are lost, every one!" The guns were noi» being answered by another lightship, some five miles distant, and at the nearest lifeboat elation men were making haete to help the shipwrecked mariners. , , Lights flashed, guns boomed, the foghorn screeched, and men shouted—alas, all in vain! The hapless vessel, driven on the sands, was doomed to destruction. Aa its keel struok upon the treacherous saridd it groaned and ehuddered like some huge living thicg in pain. , And. as if in mockery, the wiud mwled louder, and its furious gusts £rove the waves mountain-high: Sneets of foam and surf flew over the lightship, blinding the ma", who clung, scarcely breutaiBg, to the rigging. " The lifeboat will never reach her," somebody shouted* Listen." . Amid the Uproar came the erashmg of timber, and then such a cry o£ despair as made the etoute& heart sink and qaase. " Sie's settling down,'"' Jim Dawling said, during a momentary lull in the storm. " But see I one poor fellow haB trusted himself to a spar, and is drifting away frcm the ship. He might as well place faith in a straw. Heaven help us, we can do noVning. Our boats would crack like nut3hells in such a At that moment the sky became ablaze with a terrific flush of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, and they showed the despairing figure clinging with the strength of agony to tbe spar. His features were as plainly seen as if a ray of limelight had been turned on them, and even the convulsive action of bis hands, as he tried to pull himself higher and higher into the tangled cordage, was visible. " Lads," said Joe Belton, pulling his southwester tightly over his head, 4 I am going after thai man, bn» I don't ask any one else here to run the risk. It's my affair, for yonder floats the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured. I want him to see me before he gois under. I want him to know that I have had my revenge at last." ^ , . . , _ , " You are mad," Phil Oxley cried. "Joe I Job 1 you are not. yourself; you are dreaming. Gan't vousee that you will be committing suicide i All that any man here can do is to stand by, and fling a life-buoy to she poor wretch if he happens to pass this Wa^Stand back, yoc, Pail Oxley, and yon all," Joe Belton yelled, snatching up an axe, as the men advanced towards him. " Sane or mad, I will have my way. and I am going. Stand back, I say -, the man who thinas of trying to stop me had better say his prayers." ^ "Good-bye, then, Joe," said Jim Dawltng. " We're not alraid to do our duty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, useless acts. Look at the sea, listen to the wind, and tell me it anything but a well-manned lifeboat can live five minutes." " I don't expect to come Dack,' Joe Belton retorted. " I only want' him to catch sight of me, and I shall be satisfied." As he spoke be cut away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling surge. The distraoted men thought that the frau craft and Joe Balton and been drawn nnder the light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous shout as they saw the determinined man pulling with all his might. And then they lost Bight of him in the trough of the mighty waves chasing each other in mad h B " He's a dead man,'" Pail Oxley wailed " But what could we do ? He'd have kept his word, an 1 killed tbe first man who attempted to stop bim. And now he's gone for ever I Poor Joel" But no ; tbe man bent on so strange an errand appeared to have a charmed life. Tne boat rede the waves like a swaa, and nearer and nearer it drew to the spar with its wretched burden of humanity, hoping against hope, and crying in heartrending accents for help when it seemed nc earthly help cooid come. When within a few yards of the drowning man Joe Balton turned the blades of the o*ra fiat to the water and ieaned over the gunwale. " Caleb Bsze," he shouted, m a voice that rose above the wind and the turbulent ocean, "You know me. Liok at me. I am Joe Belton, the man whose heart you killed— the man whose better nature you slew with your lying tongue. I have come here to see yon die. Do your hear ? I have come to see you die." Boze was a powerful, muscular man, bat his strength was nearly spent. He heard Joe Bslton'a tsrrible words, and a cry of anguish buret from his iips; yet in that agony of despair he made oiia more effort, deserte'l the epar, and clutched frantically at the boat. " Take y-our hands away, or I will beat them off 1" Joe Balton yelled. " Do you remember the lie you uttered 1 You told Nancy that I was onlv fooling with her, and tbat you had seen mi in the company of my reai sweetheart at Portsmouth. Away with you I Down, down,and rirown.like» dog!" "Joel Joe 1"' shrieked she frtncie man, " it yon beat me off it wili be murder. If yon have no pity on me, think of my wife and children. Think bow they will miss me, the breadwinner. Think how they lo\< me, and how 1 love them. On, it is hard i die like this, almost in sight of home, 1 God takes my life, He gave it; but you an only a man, and not my judge. Hate me at you will, Joe. but give me a chance, ana earn the thanks and prayers of innocent children who have done you no harm—little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you m thought or deed." The very storm seemed to hush its voice that the wordB of this appeal might be heard, and the man who bad risked his lifd to see his enemy die before his eyes became as a little child himself. With the strength of a giant he pulled Caleb Boze into the boat.just aB a shou; from the men crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that the lifeboat was coining. He swooned, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and the last flash of lightning—for the storm clouds were now rolling away—showed it indistinctly plung- ing ehorewards, occupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life; but bidden from view was another man, who lay inanimate, helpless, and a mere mass of huddled clolhing. There was a rush to the Sailors' Home at Shellsea, for the lifeboatmen had done their duty nobly, and out of all the crew of the vessel, now a wreck on the Middlestrsnd sands, only one man was missing— Calib Kuza The story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. It was told and retold, with many alterations and additions, end everybody was making up his and her mind that Joe had first bad his revenge, and thrown himself into the ocean afterwards, when, cool as a cucumber, Joe Belton himself marched into the Sailors' Home, I want to see the chaplain," he said. " I have something particular to say to him. If any of you want a j ib, you can take a trolly and bring along a boat that belongs to the lightship from Hove." The chaplain lost no time in interviewing his unexpected visitor, and learned from him that Caleb E ze was not only safe, but by that time being attended to by his own wile at heme. " 1 couldn't face her," Joe Belton e&id;, " so ' I sent him on by Bome fishermen. Wnea I think, sir, how 'narrowly I escaped having tbe blood of a man on my hands, [ fsel faint and giddy. I will sit down a moment, if yen please, sir." " Belton," replied the chaplain, " yoa played two parts, but the better one prevailed. Bury tbe past, and remember that we mo; Uls are sver weak. To err is human; to forgive divine." There are people down Hove way who will point you out an old man wandering on the beaoh, with little childrea hovering round him, and tell you that t he father of the youngsters is :.t sea, and that he who watches them with so much tenderness lives in a cottage on the cliff, but comes down every day for a walk with the little one?. And his name is Joe Belton, who iaoks upon his act ] of revenge as the best one he ever performed | ia hia life. j 