SPORTING NOTES. Mick Bcenn'ck all smiles last Satur day. Said thie Frankston lads were ginu to set an awful druhbing.- You weren't far wronw, Mick. we believe thry would have been lickeld ad there been time. ,Mornington lads nnder estima'ed the strength of theoi opponert;fat R.ve, last Saturday. Perhaps Marlin was deceived by the wrinkled state of the matting. The Rye boys straightene'l it out when they went in to baf, which improved its appearance wonderfully. Great excitemiient at Hastings Inast Saturday when the local clnlb met the Somerville team, which included in its ranks Watson indl Walter Davis, who had deserted b the Hastings club. Bar racking something awful. Seumed to upset Somerville, who got badly licked much to everybody's surprise. Triangular match at -Franketon one wet day last week. Took place on the footpath, in front of Ritchie's. O.M. represented Somerville Railways, Paddy. the Excelsioi', and J.D.B., the Franks ton. Somerville Railways batted first and knocked a hole in a jam tin-out. aseYina t£clih thad balli kcae through the window-general stampede. Repairs neatly executed the following day. Jimmy Roberts cunning as of yore. .Bowls and bats as well as ever. Some of his curly ones difficult to negotiate. Clubs in the district are especially warned against his Yorkers. Jimmy Sullivan's 87 not out, against Mornington on Saturday last, obtained by sterling cricket. Totals, Phve. 5 for 118; Mornington, 1 for 41. Result, a draw. Dromana C.C.'s pitch, from present appearances, will be a wretched one. Should have been taken in hand long since, Georgie, with the specs., and Droop fielded grand at 'Mordialloc last Satur day. The latter caught Reynolds out in the long field. "Well marked, Charlie. Paddy's ill-luck stuck to him all last week. Several distressing occurrences Clean bowled first ball against Tyabb. Only good ball of the day(says Paddy.) Joe Emmett not so cocky after all. Afraid to tackle Ben Stooke, although offered a lead of 100 in 500. Dave Reid played a great innings for Hastings, while W'. Over and Jones trundled in first-rate style. Collins says if lie had had more than three overs, things would have been different. Jack Collier in great form last Satur day, made 22 run out. Look out, Jack or the first will try to Coller-yer. Oh, dry up. Fancy dress ball at Dromana on Friday evening last was a decided suc cess. Ianmlet and the Toreador Al. We fancy if Tommy Hales went to scale in his costume, the coffers of the Race Club would be enriched to the extent of a liver. Admiral's get-up, mixed a bit. Middy's costume, spot less. not many times donned. On cricketer reminded us of the cat-in-e mittens, she caught no mice. Quarter master's coat and pants wanted reefing in, lie must have been fretting very much lately. Carmen, Maritana, Good Luck and Britannia looked very charm ing. Where was Ophelia, Hamlet ? The Ghost likewise ? Music good, M.C. efficient. Stanley Parsons says he is beginning to think that football is the superior game. How is that, Stanley ? Cricket is very goof exercise sometimes, you know. Hastings wants to know why Franks ton have not arranged matches with them. W\e have made inquiries-dates are being arranged. Of course, which ever club beats Hastings wins the premiership ! ! ! Ted McGurk in rare condition now. That safety bicycle great invention. lie can beat the train on it now. IH E. Moors also indulging in a two wheeler. Better make a match, from Mornington to Frankston and back, good road for it. Long adjournuoent at each end for refreshmehnts, must be provided for in the conditions of the contract. Tonim Collins hit Frank Davis on the knee last Saturday. Knocked him clean over. Frank let go the bat which fell and hit the wicket. Hard hIck, Frank. Cruel Tom Collins. Big Mick ought to make a grand cricketer. If he could only hit as far as lie can kick lie would be a regular Bonnor. Practice .Mick, and come down and slate the Frankston bowlers. Somerville Railways play Mornington at the Point, on Saturday next. Dead bird for the Railways. One of the latter will be absent, not because lie feels funky on it. Oh, no. A triplet of ducks at Mordialloc last Saturday. Haslaml, HIarbeck and Box. They talked the battle o'er again on Saturday evening. " A fellow-feeling makes us wondrous kind." Our Tipsters tipped Camoola in our last issue, and it came off too. What knowing dogs they must be. Noble is the coming man for Somer ville. S:iart behind the wickets stumped thlee men last Saturday.- We hear Rye has the best wicket keeper in the county. We should be glad to know him. " W. Over " bowled well for Hastings v. Somerville. They say he is always smiling. He must be a Merry-man. (Joke.) J. Watson was a bit wild being clean bowled for a 0, second ball, last Satur day. Thought he was going to make a big score. Frank Davis was jubilant over their victory. iHe told Baker that hlie thought (serious.y) that hie was settled at the wickets for about two months. But Collins didn't think so. 