ITftc (tairas JJ o st. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1S92. The Elections Act, 1892. The sitting cf thc Annual Revision Court in Cairns yesterday naturally threw some rays of light on thc work I ing of tho Elections Acts as they now stand with the amendments of 1S02, and if any iona fide elector finds him- self wiped out, temporarily of course, from the scroll of fame he must blaine the law as it stands and not thc magis- trates whose duty it was to administer it. Jfotico had been duly advertised of the withdrawal of some 400 names from the July list, under the various headings of 11 dead," " left," and " dis- qualified," and the Annual Revision Court sat to hear any objections wliy the names quoted should not be finally struck from the Voters List of 1S92. It could not, of course, be expected that the " dead " would rise again in order to claim the franchise, although instances are said to be on record in Queensland, California Gully to wit, where such phenonema have occurred, and the " left " could hardly expect to be made right by sudden reappear- ance, still the "disqualified" might show cause. Again, mistakes might have been made in either of the classes , mentioned, and a Revision Court was nnturallv necessary. In discViarscini» a i «imeinetiury rne-mngisrratcs composing the Revision Court in Cairns had evi- dently mastered thc spirit of the Act, and no straining after a harsh inter- pretation was shown ; on the contrary every assistance was afforded to persons who could show fair cause why their names should not be removed from the roll. That, as a result of the new Act, several bona fide residential electors have lost their votes fof the time being goes without saying, but for this the revising magistrates certainly cannot be blamed. Such duly qualified electors as now find themselves out in the cold can only blame themselves, and the sharp lesson taught them must neces- sarily be fruitful of good in the future. The history of the past shows only too clearly that the privilege of the fran- chise has been held at a low valuation. First, if a qualified "person was put on the roll it was done at the trouble and expense , of a party. Secondly, if an individual was left off the roll, he blamed, when election day came rou;:d, not himself but the " party " for such omission. In .short the new Act, rough as it may appear at first glance to the sleeping beauty electors of Queensland, 1 is good in the matu. It will teach, the people that, if the right to have a voice in the election of representatives is worth having, it is worth looking after, and that would-be electors must claim their rights and watch them, and not leave thc whole business of getting oh the roll to a clique, a would-be candi- date, or a party. > , ], Much might be said with regard to the regulations now surrounding the application of a voter's claim. It would seem that a man who drifts, iirorder to secure bread and butter for his family, must necessarily be disfranchised, while the man who loafs while his family gatherhoney'from '''éyery''ñower,":':'Mj'¿ one of Queensland's mandates. " But if you show energy and enterprise and leave for a new gold rush, you arc no longer entitled to a vote," says another, so that the unfortunate would-be elector of North Queensland is between the devil and the deep sea. It goes with- out . saying that no one in particular desiree the Voters Koli to be lilied up with deadheads or- ghosts, but it is equally certain that the nomadic popula- tion of îîorth Queensland will bitterly resent the obstacles at present placed in the way o! vote obtaining. Indeed the Act is harder on the J.V*. witness- ing claims to votes than on the electors themselves ; and with the best inten- tions in the world recent legislation will doubtless result in a new version of the fight of the Kilkenny Cats. The would-be electors and the reluctant J.J.P. will kill one another. 