OGjn lifliLlJUIUVA!J LMTITER (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A good man and true has gone from us in the pereoa of t.o late President of the Lpgislative Council. Sir James M'Bain was a favourite all rjund, and both in his oflloisil and private life was generally esteemed and respected. In him the Presbyterians lose one of the chief pillars of the church, as besides being treasurer to the General Assembly, he took an active part in church legislation. The Presby torians have no such influential man to take his place in the Assembly, unless it be the her. Jas. Balfour. Le Roa est mnort, vives i Ros I The election of Mr William Austin Zeal to the position of President caused som'thing like a flutter of surprise amongst those who were not behind the scones, as it was generally thought Sir Frederick Sargood had a mortgage on the chair. But Mr Zeal is one of those men who, without clamour or beat of drums, manage tomehow to inspire respect and confidence in the breasts of all citLh whom they come into contact. Th it he is an able man, and fully competent to fill the onerous and resronFible pos'fim to which he has been elected, is univereally acknowkdged, and it i~ ne epern secret that his collengues in the Cablinet, though fully apprjciating the honour conferred on one of their number, were ver: loth to part with Mr Zeal. The "Zealhts" now aey that the new President will speedily be recommended for titular honours. Three candidates are already in the field for the scat in the Council for the South Yarra Province rendered vacant by the death of Sir James M'lain. Sir Matthew Lang, the retiring Mayor of Melbourne, is undoubtedly the most popular of the three, and as hle is backed by a particularly influential committee, should stand a good show of gaining the day. The other candidates are Mr W. J. Mountain of South Melbourne, and Mr Edward Miller. With those who are "in the know" it is now considered that Mr Munro will never return to England as Agent-General, and it is moreover thought equally certain that Sir Graham; Berry's chances o: getting the post again are small indeed, especially as he, too, was a director of the Mercantile Bank. Poor old Berry would give a good deal to exchange the uncongenial atmos phere of Spring-street for the scene of his London iriumphe. He plaintively sings: Oh let me away I ask not to st.y Where boom after boom Comon to ritlf eoe y day I By the way, why should not iMr Shiels take the Agency-General himself? He at least is not mixed up with any of the pawnbroking-I mean bankinginstitations which have served to bring us into such disrepute of late. Besides the Premier's health is veory indifferent. He suffers terribly from insomnia, and the change, with the relief from the strain and worry incidental to his present position, wonld make a new man of him. And Mr Shiels is perhaps one of the most likely men in the colony to prove a success in the posi tion. As usual, in the fag end of the session, members of the Assembly are beginning to repent them of the time they have wasted over the budget proposals. There are now only 18 sitting days before the Christmas recess, and there are no fewer than 28 bills to be got through in that time, to say nothing of the estimates, which are sure to provoke a good deal of discussion. The Government are,therefore, in a bit of a fix. The tariff is still on the board; the Stamp Duties Bill, like Mahomet's coffin, is suspended, not indeed between heaven and earth, but between the Upper and Lower Houses, and in the meantime a number of private bills require immediate attention. They, however, willhave to go, and with them Mr Isaac's measure for the amendment of the law of libel. The press members of the Assembly should surely be strong enough, both in numbers and influ ence, to get the-wisdom of the House con centrated on this matter. Newspaper men, however, are proverbially long-suffering and patient, and they must only continue to " labour and to wait." It is considered unlikely that any other business will be taken this side of Christmas excepting the estimnates and the retrenchment bills. Talking of retrenchment reminds me that our pension list is rather stiff for such a young colony, and it is growing larger every year. Victorians now living in England draw the sum of £13,618 annually from the Treasury in pensions. The largest items comprised in this sum iae as follow :-Right Hon. H. C. E. Childers, ex Commissioner of Trade and Customs, £886; Sir Andrew Clarke, ex-Surveyor.General, £800; Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, £1000; Mr G. W. Ruaden, £500; Lady Darling, £1000; Judge Forbes, £750; Judge Quin lan, £750. The other pensioners resident in England number 47. The ordinary layman, who cannot compro hend the niceties and subtleties of the law, which has been very aptly described as "a base," still fails to understand why the Government hesitate to prosecute the officials connected with the banking bubbles. Mr Shiels distinctly promised that if any duly authenticated complaint were made by any person defrauded by means of a false balance-sheet he would cause enquiries to be made with a view of prosecution. In the case of the Anglo Australian Bank Mr John Hogan has com plied with Mr Shiels's stipulation, but nothing has come of it. The same thing has been done' with reference to the Im perial Banking Company, and offers were made by seoveral depositors to swear an information against the directors, and a Treasury official is now "investigating" the matter with a view of seeing whether there would be any likelihood of a criminal prosecution proving successful. In the case of the Mercantile Bank complaints have been made for several weeks, but still the Government make no move in the direction of a prosecution. Some of the depositors and shareholders in the different institutions have therefore resolved to take the matter into their own hands, and as a first step will petition the Assembly for the repeol of the Toluntary Liquidation Act, which prevents them taking action with out a groat loss of time, trouble, and expense. Very few people know that Francis Abigail, ex-Minister of Mines in the New South Wales Assembly, who has recently been sentenced to five years' imprisonment for fraud as a director of the Australian Banking Company, was a justice of the peace in Victoria. His name was struck off the list yesterday. A womean, two bull dogs, a cat, and a man with a mysterious complaint, ycleptin the Richmond vernacular "hearth disease," have been worrying the Rich mond city fathers lately. At the Council meeting yesterday the following letter was received: --" To the Richmond Council. There is a woman in street that has two bull dogs that is let run the street, and when they run after my cat and I asked to keep them in she said she would not keep them in, and as my husband is very had w-ith hearth disease, and if the dogs run at him he would faint in the morning they are let run about the s'r·et." The Council went into committee on the question of subsidising the dogs to confloo their coursing to the next street. Tho first of the usual batch of "Cup Ssuicides" which generally occur at this time of the year was attempted at the V'ctoria Coffee Palace yesterday, but proved an ignominious failnre. Sydney Guthbridge, an auctioneer, from 'halsn gatta, camne down for the races, and not having ecooped the pool on Glenloth, forthwith drowned his sorrows in the flowing bowl, in fact in a good many flow ing bowls, until he found himself surrounded by snakes, centipedes, and other loathsome reptiles. He then stripped himself in his bedroom, broke a glass, and severed several veins in his right arm. Finding himself after an interval still alive, he rang the bell for a revolver, in stead of which the waiter brought him a policeman, and he was locked up and had his wounds dressed. He will now have to face Mr Panton on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. A card:-Baron Ferd. Von Muoller, K.C.M.G., M.D., P.H.D., F.R.S., F.L.S. F.G.S., F.C.S., F.&.G.S., C.M.Z.S., H.M.R.H.S., H.C.M.S.A., H.F.R.B.S., H.M.G.S.E., H.MI.B.S.E., etc., Government Botanist for Victoria. And yet they say we are a Democratic community! Grdeat Cmaar's Ghost I Multumla in Parvo:-John L. Sullivan's book, " Autobiography of a Nineteenth Century Gladiator," is now on sale. Per haps the less said about it the better--A £10 note received by the Treasurer yester day as "conscience money" by an anony mous individual whose conscience smote himboeause he used some water without a meter.--nnBurglerics so frequent that it is advocated in all seriousness to grant free pardons and gratuities to the first six burglars who will tell the police the secret of their success. Rather rough on the force. -The first shipment of briquettes manu factured in Germany from Gippoland brown coal expected by the steamer Erlanger on Wednesday next.-Salvation Army boom ing in spite of the slack times. They are now advertising for 60,000 bricks to build a central barracks in Melbourno.-Maggie MIoore received a hoarty reception at the Royal. Packed house and stage flooded with floral offerings.o-Well deserved benefit to Armes Beaumont in the Town Hall this evening. Nov. 10. 