THE DOOTOES SHOOK THEIR HEADS. 'I would give a million dollars for a 'Stomach,' said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the artice even at that price. -Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, -parley;.' Abbey* near. Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all be bad for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. GaBkin goes on to Bay : ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Boeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad tnsto in my mouth', which would fill with water and slime, the latter ao thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up', and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt tit tbe neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I bad a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, ond tlio blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted aud short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bod five or six weeks. ' I then went as out-patient to tho Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that 1 was like a ghost walking about, and bis friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom. mended mo to try a change ol air. So I came to Darley Abboy, and my former master gave me an indoor recommondation to tho Dorby cVii'fQ Tnflvmarv Dftrhv. J found. hoWOVOr, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw'my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die' ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their heads. ' Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to' do what little I could in his gardens and ground's ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be awaj for a few days. ' : Things went on like this until December, 1888,' when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke clown com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teaoup f ul at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choice me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, aud my eyes wore1 bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and 1 often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a pieco of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight tu threo weeks. ' I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of tho furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, ?was never at easo and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands— nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous 1 couldn't bear the least noiBO, and the children at play quite upset mt, ' The doctor kept on attending mo, but he said, ' lean do you nogaod; lean only patch yon up, because your lungs are diseased. _ 1 then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see mo said, ' Wall, you won't cough much longer, you, have merely to prepare for another world.' 'About the middle of March, 1889, 11 neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to mo, ? Tom, did you over try Mother Seigel's Syrup V and told mo how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He Bpoke so much in favor of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottlo at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an ovneun tion black as ink, and vomited. Thou I fell asleep and folt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for throe days my breathing got easier, my food kopt down, and in a few days davs more I was able to go out for a short walk.' By the end of a fortnight I went to seo my master, who asked what bad wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work ?ince. ' Of course my strength did not return nil at once, but after taking SoigcFs Syrup for si* months I was stronc as over in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving bis consent to tho publication oi this remnrkoble statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetely, Head Gardener, Parley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tbe facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived . at Darley Abbey 22 years and boars an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he' suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors tliowjht), or ho would have galloped into his'gravo in less than three months, instead of growing worso for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption; for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken. and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, .Mbthtr Seigel's Syrup, was used the diseases yielded, as all diseases of tho digestive tract do yield to that magnifi cent preparation. Wo heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and recommend tbe facts of the case to all thinking pooplc. 