THE BOTTLE IMP. CHAPTER IV.-CONTINUED. Oar last left Keawe moralising 011 the chances of tho old man being able to get rid of the bottle. After a slight pause he went on : "At three it will be quite impossible. The margin is not broad enough ; the thing ^begins to smell of scorching brr-r 1" said he, and shuddered. " It is true I bought it myself for a cent, when I know not there were smaller coins. I was a fool for my pains ; there will never be found another; and whoever has that bottle now will carry it to the pit." " Oh, my husband !" said Kokua, "is it not a terrible thing to Pave ourselves by the eternal ruin of another ? It seems to me I could not laugh ; I would be humbled ; 1 would be filled with melan choly ; X would pray for the poor holder." Then Keawe, because he felt the truth of what she suid, grew the more angry. "Heighty-teighty," cried he, "You may be filled with melancholy if you please. It is net the miud of a good wifo. If you thought at all of me you would sit shamed." Thereupon he went out and Kokua was alone. What chance had she to sell the bottle at three centimes ? None she perceived. And if she had any, here was her hus liurrying her away to a country where nothing was lower than a cent. And here-011 the morrow of her sacrifice here was her husband leaving her and blaming her! She would not even try to profit by what she had, but she sat in the house, and now had the bottle out nnd viewed it with unutterable fear, and now with loathing hid it out of sight. By and by Keawe came back and would have her take a drive. "My husband, I am ill," she said. "I am out .of heart. Sxcuse me, I can take no pleasure." Tlun was Keiwe moro wroth than ever with her, because he thought she was brooding over the case of the old man, ar,d with himself because he thought she was right and was ashamed to be so happy. "This is your truth,'- cried he, "and this your affection! Your husband is just saved from eternal ruin, which he encountered for the love of \ ou-and you can take no pie-sure ! Kokua. you have a disloyal heart." He went forth again furious, and wandered in the town all day. He met friends and drank with them ; tlioy hired a carriage and drove into the country and there drank again. All the time Keawe was ill at e;ise because he was taking his pastime while his wife was sad and because he knew in his heart that she was more right than he, and the know ledge made him drink the deeper. Now, there was an old. brutal Haole drinking with him-one that had been a boatswain of a whaler, a runaway, a dio per in gold mines, a convict in prisons. He had a low mind and a foul mouth ; he loved to drink nnd seo others drunken and he passed the glass upon Keawe! boon there was 110 more money in the company. Herj, you,' says the boatswain, "you ; ich, you have baen always sayin<*. You have a bottle or' sune foolish ness. " Yes," says Keawe, "lam rich. I will go back and get some money from my wife, who keeps it." "That's a bad idea, mate," said the boatswain. " Never you trust a petticoat with dollars. They're all as false as water; you keep an eye on her." Now, this word stuck in Keawe'amind for he was muddled with what he had been drinking. "I should not wonder but what she was false, indeed," thought he. " Why else should she lie so cast down at, my release? But I will show her that I am not the man to be fooled. I will catch her in the act. Accordingly, when they were back in town, Km wo hade the boatswain wait for lum at the c-.rner by tho old cila boose, and went fo-ward up the avenue along to the door of his house. The night had come again ; there was a li»ht within, but never a sound ; and Keawe crept about the corner, opened the back door softly and looked in. There was Kokua on the floor, the lamp at her side ; before her was a milk white bottle wMi a round belly and a long neck, and as she viewed it Kokua wrung her hands. A long time Keawe stood and looked in the doorway At first J-e was struck stupid and then fear fell upon him that tlis bargain had been made amiss and the bottle had come back tj him as it came at San Francisco ; and at this his knees i were loosened nnd the fumes of the wine departed from his head like mists off a i river in the morning. And then he had another thought, :.nd it was a strange one, that mode ID'S cheeks burn. "I must make sure of this,'" thought he. ° So he closed th - door and went softly ' round the corner again, and then came noisily in as though he had but now re turned. - And lo ! by the time he opened the front door 110 bottle was to be seen, and fZokya. sat in a chair and started up like DUO wakened out of sleep. I hare been drinking all day and making merry," said Keawe. "I have ibeen with good companions, and now I ?only came back for money, and return to drink and carouse with them atrain." .troth I113 face and his voice were stern a# juiigjuent, but Kokua was too troubled to observe. 1 l ?0XXi i° ,lse y°llr ow»i my husband said she, and her words trembled. " Oh, I do well in all things," said Keawe, and he went straight for the chest and took out money. 13ut lie looked besides in the corner where they kept the bottle, and there was 110 bottle there. At that the alios' heaved upon the floor like a sei billow, and the house spun about him iiko a wreath of smoke, for he saw that he was lost now and there was no escape. "It is what I feaivd " he thought. " It is she who has bought it-.'* And then he canio to himself a little .ind lose up, but the sweat streamed 011 Jiis face as thick as the rain and as cold a3 l&e; well water. "Kokua," ."aid he, "I said to you to <iay m hat ill becunic 1110. _ N<>w I return to house with my jolly companions," and at that he laughed a little' quietly-"1 will take more pleasure in the cup if you forgive me." iShe clasped his knees L'j a moment, she kissed his knees with flowing tears. "Oh!" she cried, " 1 ;ti=k biu a kind word P "Left us never think hardly of the other/'sa:d Iv?awe, and was gone out of -the house. j*ow the money Keawo had taken was | only some of that store of centime pieces they had laid in at thoir arrival. It was very sure he had 110 mind to be driuk'ng. His wife had given her soul for him, now he must give his for hers; 110 other tl:ought was in the world for him. At the corner of the old calabooso there was the old boatswain waiting. "My wife has the bottle," said Ivaa we, " and unless you help me to recover it there can be no more money and no more liquor to night." " You do not mean to ssiy you are serious about that bottle V" cried the boatswain. " There is the lamp," said Keawe. " Do I Jook as if I was jesting." " T.^at is so," said the boatswain. "You look as 3crious as a ghost." " Well, then," said Keawe, " here aie three centimes ; you must go to my wife in the house and oil'er her these for the bottle, which, if I am not much mistaken, she will give you instantly. Bring it to me here, and I will buy it back from yon for two ; for that is the law with this bottle, that it still must be sold for a less sum. But whatever you do, never breathe a word to her that you have come from me." " Mate, I wonder if you are making a fool of mo ?" asked the boatswain. " It will do you no harm if L am," re turned Keawe. " That is so, mate, said the boatswain. " And if you doubt me," added Keawe, "you can try. And as soon as you are clenr of the houso wish to have your pocket full of money, or a botlle of tho best rum, or what you please, and you will sue the virtue of the thing." " Very well," says the boatswain, " I will try, but if you are having fun out of me, I will take my fun out of you with a belaying pin." So the whaleman wen^ off up tho avenue, and Keawe stood and waited. It was near the same spot where Kokua had waited tli3 night before, but Keawe was more resolved, and never faltered in his purpose ; only his soul was bitter with despair. It seemed a long time he had to wait before he heard a voice singing in the darkness of the avenue. He knew the voice to be the boatswain's, but it was strange how drunken it appeared upon a sudden.. Next the man himself came stumbling into the light of the lamp. He had the devil's bottle buttoned in his coat; another bottle was in his hand, aud even as he came in view he raised it to his mouth and drank. "You have it,'* said Keawe, "I see that." "Hands off!" cried the boatswain, jntnping back. " Take a step near me, and I'll smash your mouth. You thought you could make a cat's paw of me, did you?" " What do you mean ?" cried Keawe. " Mean?" cried the boatswain. "This i3 a pretty good bottle, this is, that's what I mean. How I got it for three centimes I can't make out; but I'm sure you shan't have it for two." "You mean you won't sel! T\ gasped Keawe. "No, sir!" cried the boatswain. "But I'll pive you a drink of tho rum if you like." " I tell you," said Keawe, " tho man who has that bottle goes to hell." " I reckon I'm going anyway," returned the sailor ; " and this bottle's the best thing to go with I've struck yet. No, sir," he cried again, " this is my bottle now, and you can go and fish for ancfther." " Can this be true ?" Keawe cried. "For your own sake, I beseech you, sell it me." " I don't value any of your talk, said the boatswain. "You thought I was a flat; now you see lam not, and there's an end. If you won't have a swnllow of my rum. I'll have one myself. Here's your health, and good night to you." So off he went down the avenue to ward town, and there goes the bottle out of the story. But Keawe ran to Kokna light as the wind ; great was their joy that night, and great, since then, has been the peace of j all their days in the Bright House. j 