MR. REID. M.L.A AT THE PROTESTANT HALL. The leader of the Opposition (Mr. G. H. Reid) addressed a full houso at the Pro testant Hull lost night, being supported by Mr. Crunkcr, Mr. M'Millan, Mr. Carruthcrs and several others, in- cluding that sorrowful-looking free-trado champion, Mr. Pulsford, without whose presence (or that of his ghost) no free-trado gathering would bo complete. r.usiness opened by the chairman, Mr. H. Gorman, making an introductory speech, hardly necessary under tho circumstances, as Mr. Reid has been before che electors of East Sydney so often that they actually know whether he has lost or gained an additional hair since they last Baw him bob bing up serenely. Mr. Reid, himself, was in great form — historically speaking. He commenced with events of sotno mouths back, and from " top of the poll," or was it lower down, pro ceeded through "with all tny faults" up to " made no effort to be leader of tho Opposi tion," and resulted in his discovery the living aucriiiuu ue was to tno cause oi ireeuom m shoddys. There were a few sarcastic inter ruptions, nothing of any moment, and Mr. Reid generally gets his fair share of this sort of thing iu the House and out of it, be cause ho believes in tlic sarcastic method. But the crux of his address was "my old friend Mr. Barton." la spite of a warning intet jection — "Ho curries too many guns for you" — formed the subject on which the leuder of the Opposition found it easiest to discourse. He hud got about into tho middle of his firstly, when a temporary di version arose in a corner of the hnll, and roars of laughter followed, as a not very largo intcrjcctor, in response to erics of " put him out," scornfully demanded who was going to do it. This served to take Mr. Reid to general election time, and more ancient history, including the Reid version of that of tho labor party. After satiating hiinsolf with the labor party, and, of course, damning with faint pruisc even those who think nearest to Mr, P.eid's line, he pro ceeded to do his best to raise the sectarian cry under tho guise of declaring thut he denounced it. But Mr. Rcid's great trouble that Mr. O'Sullivan, another of " my old friends," is not in tho Ministry and Mr. Kidd is. Why should this bo thus'.' The Reid answer was plain and sectarian to its very core, nnd was met with cries in all quarters of the hall of " Who's trying to raise sec tarianism now." Mr. Reid made no at tempt to answer theso repeated calls, and by fiis silence accepted the imputation, and shifted to ground which his intuitive percep tion showed him would be less dangerous. Had he continued in tho same strain but a few minutes longer there would have been fun. But while there is a Treasurer to be worried and a Premier to be shot at, even with Mr. Reid's little air-gun, material was not wanting for talking. What has been said by Mr. Reid several times in the Legislative Assembly and repeated by his followers over and over again till they are beginning to believe it, was said once more, and then repeated on top of that. There wasn't anything new, nor particularly truo for that matter, but there was a good deal of innuendo about impure motives, particularly in reference to tho North Shore Bridge, that shadowy stmcturo still dimly seen in fancy by North Shoro people when- over they get a politician of any degree to tho Shore. Then Mr. Dibbs has no right to go to England, and, according to "a certain paper," was to bo knighted on May 24. To wind up with ho fell back on "my old friend, Mr. Barton," once more, and having had another round or two with him and in cidentally invited tho knight assumptive to LU HIV WIS ItMU £W VU bllU UUUllllljr , ,UW JLWIU) somewhat breathless, replaced his eyeglass aud sat down. ' Tho concluding portion of tho affair gave evidence of Mr. Reid's great command of " strategy " in his handling of the cheers business without which it is impossible to conclude any meeting of this kind. 