PENAL SERVITUDE VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TR.XJ2 CHRONICLES. The day alter Judge Forbea adjourned the trial of Stapleton and hie companions for three days, BO that the attendance of Blair might be eecured, a vessel named the Robert Emma arrived at Hobart Town from Q jeens" town Harbor, Cork. She waa a trading Tea- Be], and had only two passengers on board- One of them a woman, about thirty years o' age, and the other an elderly man who accompanied her. Those on board were not aware of the reason which induced these two persona to voluntarily leave the old country for Tan Dieman'a Land, and neither did they want to know, as they had paid for their passages, and it waa no bueineBS of the captain to enquire. The reader may at once be told that the woman was Ellen Byrne, and the elderly gentleman was Mr Michacl Htffernan, a retired lawyer of the town of Kilkenny, and to whose care the girl had been committed on the death of her only surviving parent (her mother) five years previously. A email property was left, barely enough to support the girl, bat she lived with Htffeman and his wife, and wag as well treated as if she had been their own child. When she expressed her firm intention of going out to Van Die- Dian't Land and seeking out Henry Stapleton, after she had received the Comptroller General's letter stating he had settled in the colony, her guardian, seeing he could not disBUade her, decided to accompanj her to the island, and they took passage from Cork in the firat vessel which Bailed for the penal settlement. After landing they took lodgings at a respectable hotel in Macquarie Street, and the following day they called upon the Catholic chaplain at the prisoner's barracks, to whom they had letters of introduction from prominent ecalesiastical dignitariea and others in Ireland. They were very kindly received, acd when their business was stated tl e priest willingly agreed to introduce them to the Comptroller General, although he looked rather puzzled when they eaid the name of the man they wished to find waa Henry Stapleton, and he had been pardoned nearly a year previously. In the afternoon they had an interview with the Comptroller General, who expressed his willingness to enlighten them on any point that be could, bat when Mr Heffernan told him his business the eagle-like face of the Comptroller General clouded slightly. "I think if yoa wait until to-morrow I will be able to ahow you the man you want. Meet me here at 9 o'clook to-morrow morning, and then I will arrange that you shall see Stapleton." That was the substance of all he eaid, and his visitors left him well pleased that they would see the objeot of their long journey on the morrow. They had not anticipated each expedition, and were in high spirits kI the result, and were eagerly waiting for the coming day. Meanwhile JudgePorbes was not idle. He well knew that if there had been any underhand work with Stapleton's pardon—and if prisoner's statement were frue there had been—the officials responsible for it wonld throw all the obstacles they could in the way of throwing light on it. Therefore he had no sooner left the bench than he made arrangements for three mounted constables to be at once despatched to Blair's land, and to bring baok the owner. He privately told the men that speed was moat desirable, and to carry out the order aa rapidly as possible. "Wragge bad not counted on such haste being made, but he knew that he oould not aot too quickly, and at onoe sought out a man on whom he could rely, and told him he would give him fifty pounds if he oould reaoh Blair's house and warn him that he was in danger before the constable'*? got him The man was a creature of the Superintendent's, and readily agreed to do as desired. The weli mounted constables were, however, more than a match for him, and with the htart they had reached Blair's nearly an hour before Wragge's messenger. He waa working in a fluid a short distance away, but he came aorosB to the houBB when he saw the horsemen. The head constable told him that he would have to accompany them baok to Hobart Town, and he eeemed very anxious to know for what reason he waa required. " Oh, a fellow named Blair, who is being tried for the mutiny at number cine station says hia name ia Stapleton and not Blair, and.the judge adjourned the case for three days so that you might be brought to disprove the statement." Ag he spoke the face of Blair turned a sickly green, and his agitation waa EO noticeable that it did not eEcspo the attention of the constables who good naturedl v rallied him on hia nervousness about attending a court. Two of them asuribed it to the natural disinclination which ex- convicts had to judges and juries, but the chief, who was more observant, commenced to think that there waa more in the mutineer's assertions than he had previously believed, and he determined to carefully note the settler. The latter asked them to dismount and have something to eat -while he waB getting ready to go baok with them, and as they were rather fatigued they were glad to comply, and placed their horses in an adjoining shed. The truth waB Blair was in a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what course he should adopt. Although the mutiny had happened a month previously, he waa not aware that there had been an outbreak at the station. They were BO common that the settlers took little notice of them unless one or more of the convicts escaped, and the only one who had ftii interest in sanding him news was Superintendent Wragge, and he had not done so. That ofHaial thought it would not b6 wise to do so until the last moment, as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm than good. It was quite possible that there might be no trouble in connection with the matter, and if so nothing but harm could re suit from taking fright at a shadow. He had nbt expected that Stapleton would make the stand he did, or that the judge wanld listen to him as patiently aa he had. If the worst came to the worst he would have time to Bend a messenger to Blair toeeoaDe, and that would be sufficient. Blair made up his mind that the best thing he could do wonld be to go back with the constables and fight the matter out, and he was in the house talking to the officers when the galloping of a horse was heard outside. He opened the door at a man rode np, who was considerably taken aback when he saw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the chief who knew him, and asked what brought him there in in such a hurry. "I am sure the fellow has been sent here to warn this man, and he has been sent by Wragge, for he ia a tool of hia " waa the constable's muttered comment. The horseman mumbled out an excuse by saying that he was passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and horse, and as there waa no use in arguing with him he ootoined •what he wanted and left. He had been too late, and Wragge would have to do the beat he could, but at the same time it was hard to lose fifty pounds in suoh a way. So the fellow thought as he rode away. The three officers and Blair were soon in the saddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, whioh they reached late in the evening, and went to the quarters at the soldiers' barraoks, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put np at an hotel and pay his own expenses, but the chief constable told him it could not be allowed. Later in the evening Wragge presented himself at the barracks, and asked to be allowed to see Stapleton (under whioh name of course Blair went), but he was told that without an order from the Comptroller General he oould pot, . Judge Forbes had asked the Compfrolltt to prohibit anyone seeing Stapleton if F the constables brought him back, aa he dedesired that he should not be interfered with in any manner, and it waa in pursuance of that request that late at night he refuted Wragge an order when he applied for it. Vtry little excitement waa manifested next morning in Hobart Town at the trial of thd five prisoners (one of them had died from hia wounds). Such outbreaks and trials with their accompanying or resulting executions were too familiar to create much interest, and though the Email court was full of spectators, that number was not mere than fifty. The judge took his seat on the bench, and then the iire mutineers were placed in the dock, and pleaded not guilty to mutiny and murder. They had scarcely pleaded when the Comptroller General entered with Hcffernan and E : len Byrne, and the official told them that Stapleton would soon make his appearance. At the same time he a^ked them if they knew any of the prisoners in the dock. The two visitors looked at them closely, bus failed to identify Srapleion. It was little wonder, for his appearance was terribly changed. In his prison clothes, emaciated, and close cropped, ha was an utterly changed man. When Stapleton waa asked if he still persisted in saying that hia name wa3 not Blair, he replied in a loud, clear voice that he did, and as he spoke Miss Byrne started aa though she recognised the voice, and turning to HefTernan told him that the almost fancied it was Henry Stapleton who spoke. The Comptroller General heard the remark, but made no comment. He was asked again what his name was, and answered that it was Henry Stapleton. The girl had been watching him intently, and when he gave the last answer her guardian waa alarmed, for Bbe had the appearance of beiDg about to faint. He turned to the cdlsial and told him he was afraid he would have to leave the court, as his lady friend wa? cot well, but the girl recovered herself and protested against £oicg out. Alter the second answer of the prisoner the juegg ordered that Henry Stapleton should be called, and as he stepped timidly into the witness box the Comptroller General whispered to his two enquiring friends that the man before them was the perEon they sought. They looked at him with dull amaze, and in the same breath replied that he was not even remotdy like him. " That man is no more Henry Supleton, of Kilkenny, than I am," waa HtCernan's emphatic answer. " Well, it lies between him and the second prisoner of the row in the dock. That man aEserls that he is the raal Stapleton, and the other man an imposter, and it is for that reason I have asked you here to-day, BB the judge is anxious to settle the question. If Henry Stapleton is any relative or dear friend of yours," the Comptroller went on, glancing at Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer that for your sakea the person in the witness box was the man you sought. " What are the prisoners charged with?" asked Htffernan anxiously, aa he Eaw the girl staring at the second man in the dock with a gleam of recognition in her bright eyes. " Mutiny and murder, and the case is clear against them. I fear there i3 no hope—" He waB interrupted by his female companion ewaying against him, and then with a moan falliDg back in a dead faint. She had recognised Henry Stapleton, and had heard the deadly peril he was in. Same little commotion waa cauaed by the fit, ana as Htffernan and an attendant oarried her out the Comptroller whispered to i.im to come baok as soon aa possible, as it was important. The prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton oould not distinguish who the woman was. Blair gave hia evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing of course that he was Stapleton. That he came from Kilkenny, and telling the judge the points that ,he had previously obtained from Wragge. He stoutly maintained that the prisoner's nime was Blair, and that he had worked with him at number nine station, and knew him well. The five prisoners in the dock cried out that the man in the witness box was really Blair, and matters seemed to be about the same as at first, for little reliance was placed on convict' statements. Wragge followed Blair, nnd wilfully perjurci himself by swearing that the man who hari just given evidence was in reality Henry S:apleton. That he knew him well, having worked with him nine years before at the brick yarde in Hobart Town. This was verified by the rccords, and it eeemed as though the real Scaphton'a statements would bs controverted, when the Comptroller General stood up and told the judge that he had t JVO important witnesses who would be able to identify the real S:apleton il he were present. The judge asked th:m to CO^IQ forward and allow no one to leave the court. ITcffernan and Miss Byrne, who had recovered, did as asked, and the judge ordered tha former into ihe witness box, and a^ked him who he was. Hi to'id him that he had just reaobed Iljbirt Town from the town of Kilkenny to find cno Henry S'apieton. Blair waa placid in froot of him, and lie wis asked if that wa3 the man, bat he said emphatically no. lie was nothing like him. Blair was the very picture of misery as he stood on the floor oE the court trembling, for he knew th&t; tha game was up. Wragge was little better, for he was as white aa a ghost, He waa next asked if he knew the prisoner in the dock who claimed to be Stapleton, and after a long scrutiny he said that, although greatly changed, he believed he waBtho man and that a young lady, to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had recognised his voice as that of her lost sweetheart. This created a slight flutter in court, and Stapleton eaid if the judee would cause Htffernan to ask him different questions about hiB native place he would speedily convince him of his identity. This waa done, and the answers given made it abundantly dear that the convict was the man for whom a free pardon had been sent out, and who had been cruelly deprived of it. Ellen B jrne was placed in the box n^xt and a painful scene followed after Ehe had sworn t''at the man in the dock waa Henry Stapleton, and how she had recognised him by his voice. The prisoner was overcome, and she fainted at the eight of his grief and altered appearance; and the fact that he was being tried lor his life. She was carried out of court for the scacnd time, and then the judge asked Blair how he came to commit such a crime. The murderous roffian broke down utterly, and confessed that he hat] been asked to take Stapleton's clothes by Wragge and Beneon, for whose murder the prisoners were being tried. Ha related clearly everything na it occurred and wh ich the reader already knows j and though the superintendent tried to deny it, and swore that he must have been deceived by a conspiracy between Benson and Blair, tha circumstances attending it pointed so glaringly to him aa the prime mover, tnat tha judge ordered his arrest on charges of murder, conspiracy, and perjury (Blair had confessed about the murder ol the prisoner at Macquarie Harbor Station). Two of the court conttBbles were advancing to arrest him when ho took a donblebarrelled pistol from hia pocket and fired point blank at Blair, who fell, and then blew his own brains on f on the floor of the court. Blair recovered, and was sent to Norfolk Island for five years. Notwithstanding the facts adduced—no evidence being given that he had struck a Eingle blow in the murder of Benson—the fife conviote were found guilty and executed, Stapleton amongst the rest. Strenuous efforts were made to save him, but the bloody convict law had to be vindicated, and Ellen Byrne left Hobart Town with her guardian a heart-broken woman. 4 1 1 hope my visits are not disagreeable to you," he said. " Not at all," she politely answered. " I have sometimes thought that I wearied you." 'Oh, no, No matter how gloomy I feel when yoa call, I am always happy when you go." ~~ No. 1G. KLLEN DTKNE. I ALL. RIGHTS RESERVED. 