MR. E. W. HAWKER IN AMERICA. Before the last session ended the Premier in compliance with a request telegraphed to the Agcnt-Geueral to ask Air. JO. W. Hawker to enquire into the best means of treating sulphide ores in America. Mr. Hawker did so, and the Acting Agont-Gener.il has forwarded to the Treasurer the following copies of letters he has received from Mr. Hawker:— "Grand Hotel, San Fraii'.-iseo, ]).~-.:mber .*)— Since 1 last wrote to you 1 l:av<j bue.u seeing iiiore smelting works, mines, and concentrating plants, and have continued t>> gum valuable information. 1 went on t-i ISutte city, aud spent a fortnight there. It is, I believe, by far tho best 'Mining Camp' to study the roasting of ores. I saw no less "than different types of furnac-.', the best of wliii-h appears to lie the O'ilara - Allen. This furnace is capable of roasting 3d tons a day. There is a new one with a considerable alti-ratinn bi.ing put up in Denver, which is expected to be a great improvement. It is called tho O'Hara - lirovri). I visited every smelting works, concentrating plant, every amalgamating mill but one, anil two mines at Butte, so 1 utilized my time very well. From Butte I went to the Anaconda Ore Dressing and Smelting Works, the biggest in the world. From Anaconda I camo down to San FranciHcn via Ponland, a distance of about 1,«00 miles. I stopped at a, place called Redding to see tho MacAitimr J ornst or Cyanide of Potassium JIKX'-ss lor treating gold. The Company are very sanguiiiK of its success, and promised to let me know how they got on. They had already used tl;2 process, but not long enough or on large enough a scale to tell whether it will be a financial H.ICO-JSS. From Redding I went on to Sacramento, and then came on here. 1 spent a week in this city making enquiries about tliemostinodern mining machinery, reports on irrigation, fruit-growing, &c.;, alfo about grasses which miiy do ID South Australia. I obtained valuable information on all these sv.bjcctH. I then went up to Grass Valley to see the most typical quart/.-mining camp in California. I wont through four stamping mills aud three chlorination w'orks j for tre^itinggold in sulphurets, one of which was working tbeSollockproeess. FromGrass Valley I went to Virginia City to see the Comstock Mine. Mr. Symon, the Superintendent, took me to the 1,750-ft. level. Tiie pressure on the timbers is enannous. I saw a piece of piue v/liich had been compressed from 1-1 in. into 4 in., aud was as hard as ironwood. There is a continued "creep" in tho mine, but they meet ii very successfully. Mr. Harper, the Underground Manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary, worked over sixteen years in this mine and is most highly thought of, and as long a.s be has the management of the work at Broken Hill the shareholders ueednot fear any " creeps." From what I have seen aud heard here the Comstock Mine is the best school for a miner in the world. I leave this city to-morrow for Fresno to make enquiries about fruit-drying, and then go on to San Bernadino in the southern portion of the State to see the irrigation system. From there I go to Pueblo and to Canon City to see the Bartlett process, about which you oabled me by the instructions of the South Australian Government. I shall then mako my way east and back to Europe. The proposition of the Broken Hill Directorate to quarry the mine down to the 200 • ft. level is criticised most adversely here. As they seem determined to carry it out, I shall, if possible, pay some iron mines in New York State a visit, where very ingenious machinery is used for a somewhat similar purpose." "Salt Lake City, U.S. A., October 24, 18!>1.— Your cablegram re Bartlett's process for treating Bulphide ores was forwarded on to me here. X had already made enquiries about it, and had been promised a letter to Mr. Bartlett. It is a process for making paint out of zinc, sulphide, and lead, and will, I am afraid, be of little use to us in Australia. I ej>cnt nearly a fortnight at Leadv ille, which is the Broken Hill of America, for most of the lead ores treated at first were carbonates, and now they have got down into the sulphides. I have also been up to Park City to see lixiviation and pan-amalgamation. I had the good fortune to meet Mr. Stetfeld, the leading authority on lixiviation of silver ores, and the inventor of the Stetefield furnace. He gave me a great deal of information on the process. I have also seen a number of concentrating plants, and have been through a lot of mines. Everybody shows me the greatest courtesy, and gives me every assistance they can. 1 leave in a few days for Butte to see the rossting furnaces." TO THE KDITOB. Sir—I note in your issue of this date that the President of the Marine Board thanks you for your kindness in procuring a parcel of literaturo for distribution amongst the various lighthouses on our coast. I also note that an appeal is made in "Crumbs" column, eame issue, for light literature for the lighthousekeepers. The kind thoughtfulness which prompts these appeals is greatly to be oommended, and is highly appreciated by all those whom you seek to benefit thereby. At the same time I am* sure I am voicing the wish of many of them 'when I say it is to be hoped that the various charitable institutions and the prisons will not suffer through these special appeals causing parcels of literature to be deviated to the lighthouses which might otherwise find their way to the destitute and others physically and morally infirm. The salaries of the lightkeepcrs vary from £100 to £210 per annum, exclusive of house rent and lamp and tire light, which is necessarily supplied them. The grades are from third keeper to head or first keeper, with an annual increase of £10 per annum until the maximum of each grade is reached, and promotion is by seniority of service, always provided there has been good behaviour in execution of duties. By practising ordinary economy {without which none can be rich) all are able to live within their incomes. Most of them are able to save money, aud many of the " old hands : amongst the head keepers are reputed to be the happy possessors of sufficient " filthy lucre" to retire -upon. So that it will be seen these "poor keepers," who lonely vigils keep, are not in absolute need of charity, and in fact arc ablo and do provide for themselves literature to their own several tastes. Yet, notwithstanding the foregoing, it is doubtless peculiarly pleasing to them in their solitude to find that midst the hurry and rush of modern business Life they are not forgotten, &c.; Therein lies the charm of the giving. But should the bowels of compassion of any of your readers be moved by this latest appeal by "Crumbs," I sincerely hopo that the subsequent "labour" will result in the bringing forth of sound volumes, and uot such as are practically valueless, because of the many autumns which have passed over their devoted heads, causing many a leaf to be misEing, aud thus marring the charm both of the story and of the gift. It may not be generally known that the Observer and Chronicle find their way into the hands of nearly all the lightkeepers in the colony. Even Her Excellency tho Countess of Kintore made the error, I think it was a year ago, cf forwarding, out of her large-hearted kindness, a Christinas number of one or the other of these papers to the various light stations, thus duplicating what they already had on hand. The Ckriitian Colonist is also, by the kindness and courtesy of the publishers, forwarded gratis to all the light statious. My objcct in writing this is to give some little information, and to' correct a wrong impression which may exist in the minds of some; alto to suggest that if there is to be any giving lot it be souud aud not dilapidated volumes. I should also like to affirm that our lighthouse keepers are a higlily intelligent, and in some cases a well-educated set of men, some being e.\ tea captains, who take a lively interest in the busy (though to them outside) world of commerce, invention, and politics, aud who read with a\ idity your ;ible articles on current events in preference to ghost or love stories, be they never so startling or exciting. In conclusion allow me to say I hope Mr. Stead's very kind offer to supply his magazine, "The Review of Reviews, "to the various lightstations eratis will be accepted by the authorities, and the magazine forwarded regularly, as 1 am sure it would be much appreciated. I am, Sir, &c..; R. FRASER. 