True Giiost Stories. AUTHENTICATED BY LUKE SHABP. (Detroit Free Press.) i?mi|la.fring the fttamplfi of the Christmas number of The Reviews of Reviews, I hare concluded to place before the public certain ghost stories, which I have been at some pains to authenticate. If the truth of these includible tales was vouched for only by my self, I could hardly blame the public for not crediting them, but I am happy to say they have in each case been investigated by a committee appointed for the purpose by the Physic Research Company (limited), as well as prominent Theosophists, and other equally veracious persons The unanimous verdict has been that the stories are true word for word as I have set them down. The fullest examination is invited. I may say I am not myself a believer in ghosts, and .that as a general thing I have found myself unable to credit many ghoBt stories I have read in Christmas numbers, even when they have been accompanied by expensive colored illustrations. However, these stories have staggered me, and I am forced to admit that I have no explanation to offer other than that they appear to have a supernatural origin. L THE MYSTERY OF NO. 27A. No. 27a Dreary lane, London, W. C., is a fish shop. The proprietor, Mr. Abraham Sinks, earns a precarious living selling fish, as stale as the law will allow, to the poor, .but not necessarily honest, inhabitants of the lane. On the evening of November 10 last, at about twenty minutes past 6, he placed in a row ' thirteen bloaters, formerly of Yarmouth. When he noticed that there were thirteen, he remarked to his wife that it was an unlucky number; but Mrs. Sinks, being a strong minded, sensible woman, with no superstition about her, but, rather, a smell of fish, merely said with some scorn, that 3?riday was an unlucky dap, but more fish were sold on that day, than any other. This statement being true, Mr. Sinks did not deny it, but as he was a man of action rather than words, he placed a placard on the front of his shop which read: " Bloaijfrs is cheap to day." This brief conversation between the fishmonger and his estimable wife is given merely to show why the number thirteen .was impressed on the mind of Mr. Sinks. Shortly after this a tall, thin, ghastly looking man in very tattered garments stopped for a few moments before the open: frontof the fisll shop. Ife Iriwflljr after the>el£are of the fish, and prieed some of them, but bought nothing. HesaidtoMr. Sinks thatwhathereally wanted were soles and as he said this he smiled in a saturnine manner that made the honest fi&hmonger; remember the mark. When the thin iiaj ghuffled off and disappear^ in the darkness, Mr Sinks, casting his eyes over his wares, noticed that there *were now but twelve bloaters! where there had a moment before been | thirteen. He asfcedhiswife if she had sold * a bloater. She tsaplied thafc she had not. * Whenahe made this startling announce merit Sinks felt a queer superstitious feeling creep over him. He described this sensation afterwards to Mrs Besant as being lity a cold salt mackerel drawn slowly up and'down big back. Not to make a long story of it, nor to harrow up the feelings of our readers unneces sarily, it ljptay be stated that day after day coincident with the appearence of the stranger in rags, a bloater disappeared. There were | eleven, then ten then nine and so on, as day ' by day went past. Mrs Binks, who is a cultured, well-read woman, said that it reminded her of the prom, the " seven little, six little, five little Injuns," so familiar to readers of our best literature. The aheq^w sophists claimed that Mahatmas took the fish,"w whereupon Binks, who is a practical man, expressed a wish Mahatmas leave on the . counter the current com-of the realm, which would prevent the bloaters going on the wrong side of the profit and loss account wherever else they went. On the last day, when but one bloater re mained, a materialistic policeman laid his untlieosopliietical fist on the shoulder of the tall thin man. With his other hand, the officer pulled a bloater from the pocket of the ragged coat. The judge, who has kindly consented to verify this stoiy, said it would he fourteen days. II. THE HEADLESS TtfAVtJLER. His thrilling story is vouched for by the English Post office Department, and thus in a measure by tbe government of Great Britain. I consider the British Government an authority even higher than the Thesophists, much as I value their testimony Johnny Knobbs, who tramps the distance between Shidgebnry-in- the-Hole and JVewcomb Ped lock twice during the day and once at night, as a rural postman, knows that this story is true, and he has jbeen in the confidence of the post 7 office department for nearly twenty years, and as the P O. Department is in the confidence of the government, I think I am not claiming too much in making the government respon sible for this story as it was told dy Knobbs to me. John Tompkins, an honest hedger and ditcher, was the first to see the ghost. Tompkins, not being of a in investigating turn of mind-an easily satisfied man-at once took to his heels and ran. It was a dark and stormy night, and after Tompkins had some what caught his breath and other refreshment! ; at a public house, he told his thrilling tale. It was a tall man," he said, *' without a head." "And how could you tell that on such a dark night ?" was asked. Because " said Tompkins," he carried it under his arm, and his eyes they glowed like live coals and his mouth spitted fire." This was enough for the crowd at the hos telry and they resolved not to go home till morning, and heroically kept to their resolu tions. The ghost was seen by various other people after that, always on wild and stormy nights and always with its fiery head under its arm. The local authorities supposed it to be Hie restless soirit of a traveler who been waylaid on that road and beheaded by robbers in 1632, and who had become tired waiting for the police of Scotland Yard to find the" miscreants. The police had a clue, but the ghost appeared to be impatient. Johnny Knobbs,- who went his last postal rounds about the time this ghost walked, was advised to look out for it, which he but it never crossed his path. A servant girl in Blemboro* House had seen the ghost one wild night when she was coming home, and riie sight had well nigh bereft the poor girl out of what few wits she had. One tempestuous night there was a ir.'ng at Blemboro' House door, audthe girl went to see who it was. Instantly the bouse was filled with shrieks. The headless ghost it was who rang. The master and the rest crowded to the door saw there the amazed face of honest Johnny I Knobbs, who had his cloak over his head to shelter himself from he storm, and his lan tern under his arm. this was why he had | never met the ghost. [ HI.-OVSB A CHUECIIYAEI) WAIL. 1 hese events happened in Scotland, which is, after all, the real country for ghosts, and always will be, aB long as its justly famous mountain dew retains its potency. It has been claimed by scoffers at the supernatural that Tammas Wabster is a professional | drunkard, that on the night in question he was more than extra full, and that anyhow he isn't to be believed, drunk or sober All I have to say to these calumnies is that the story is admitted to be strictly true by the ghost himself, and so its verity does not at all depend upon the word of Tammas Wabster It is also claimed that Tammas would have run the moment he saw the apparition come over the wall of the Hrkyard, and bis statement that he stood his ground until the ghostcameup to him is palpably absurd on those who know Mr. Wabster has a certain air o£ plausibility about it, stall fiie answer of Tammas to these expressions isveiy weighty. He says he has too fiamilmr wifii spirits aE Iub life be ataJd of them in any form they take, and that as tor running he was in such a condition asto render speed utterly out of the question. The only choice he had, he claims, was between hanging on to the post, which hell?; l^aed against for temporary support, or filing info the ditch. This seems to me con clusive When the public house had closed had started out down the road, hopV to attain (Henlimmock some time before morn ing- He -was accomplishing this by making repeated dashes anglewise across thf iipw to the right and "now to ifce left, and before eaeh dash steadied himself against the stone dyke or whatever stable object he ran Bp against. He had readied the post that ~ stands at the roadside by Glenlimmock ma kirk, when he was horrified to see a figure leap over the churchyard waUandelimb ud oh the load. Tammaa knew that no livina sane man would be insudiapl^atsachsm hour, for at that moment the church clock slowly struck 12. Wabrfcr ana prepared for trouble. The figure ap proached, and jxheji it recognisedthe man clinging to the post it *eemed as startled as HVunmaa was bimsdL "My good man," said the apparition at last, " I have lost my way; can you tell me if t^hiB la the Rlenlimmoek road ?" . It is that," said Tammas. A nd is there a public house down the road?" ... " There is thai " said Tanmas with a sigh. " " Can you fell me whether it will be open -or not at fclus hour of the night ?'' "Maun," cried Tammas, gathering cour age, " yon's an unco queer question ta speer at jne. Ye mun be a stranger in these paerts, oi je wild kenweel enuch that if the public -wis open, Tammae Webster wud na be here. Yielding to pressure the Government have declared St. Patrick's Day a holiday for , "the whole of the colony. \ . THE monthly Licensing Court was held ; Testerdav morning, before c- A J£ Morris, P.M, and Messrs. J, Milkcan and 1. Buckland, ,Ts.P.; when «he following appli cations for transfers were Ahe license of Green's Hotel to Ck*. Manson, from McLuroan; Mary Fitzgerald to Alf«#d Oakley, Phoenix "iotel; White to Edward Sock, Occidental Hotel, Wilhatn Burgess to William Ghongh, Excelsior Hotel - also the billiard license for the room at the Excelsior Hotel from W. Burgess to W_ Gough. An auctioneer's license Was granted to E. Hunter How many people are there who are perfectly well, who do not have bead-ache or stomach ache, and are perfectly free from ^ manner of pain, who get up every mormng bnmf ul of ^Jr^yand elasticity? K we would take our constitutions as nature gives them.to ue, and, instead of tearing therndown by AnV**"T and neglect, would mate it part of our daily Eves to cultivate vigour and vitality, increase our strength and husband our physical re sources, we might go on improving un« we were fifty years old, for a well-cared-for braan grows until that time, and why notfte Kdily vigour as well? Instead, we begin verv early to draw upon our reserve force and ate sometimes bankrupt at twenty-five or thirty. In such a state of affairs as this, fiie most that can be done is to put on a stop-cook which will cut off all waste of vrahtv. Jjet the stomach and liver have as easy a time a. possible stop business and all \- Comment and retrench expenditures m everv way possible- Do exactly what a bankrupt man would do wfo> living too rapidly and who wished to reform and retrieve his fortune as fer as By improved nutrition the size of the daily eupply stream can be somewhat ^rea^ed^ medicine is »u , ^ % - system, it is the greatest restorative of jm energy ever discovered or prepaid, leases of nervous debility, g^eral weak ness, neuralgia, and continued toot^heito jte action is sure, prompt, and effectual. Ttsuse must be continued if 1 is expected, for some times owing to digestive j weakS* tb* first W^ottles are almost en tirely wasted owiifc the debdityof Ae, etonLh and astimUatave organs; mote cases where digestion is etrong' the first 'few doses have what appears a magical effect. We can only say, so far as we are concrrned, that our article is genuine, and that if any known to science wIU cure disease Clemants is that article. K timt fails youcan yest assured all other remediw wiU, but we have never yet met the case where Clements Tonic has been ipersistentiy us^. and ^led. Bead these proofs" J-c Fitzpatrick, Esq^ 7 mves his reliable testimony, he was a sufferer Horn general weakness but Clements Tome «ured him ' Gaxette. Office, ^* gir -For some time I have been testing the STp efficacv ofClements Tonic, and have proved 7r-D ^norfttjon to be one of the most valu Ale evened before the P^c- I tave for ^Bmebeett rafering gromthe effects of overwork, and noting Oemente Tom® was very highly spoken of in many of my exchanges, I decided to give it a tr^with tiu> SrSds r speedily became inTigo^ted, eeenred a reform of my usualactivit^Mid^M W? nffiicted me for some condiderable lame, j can really 3^^mmendCa«nente Totic, more rfcimilarlv to brother journalists, whose wo^^onal duties, if not altogether arduous. La* few and attention- newspaper wo» SSL with it a dadof responsibility andc"? ^TstimnWing brain tome « \- hut Hie question is-what a bw* 1 ttwe taied I mrat deoAs that i teTonie has been the most invigorat to joaroalistfl and "S! .- ?^Titol Chambere, 19, B» tStoet, Sydney, A ugust 15,1^9. ^ C)emente, almost desert^m , ^ neuralpdc headaches such severe nervous ana Aff^rfnriTifr £ that life was almost unbearable. ^ I- many "safe and sure was persuaded to give Clements To _ and am very glad that I did SO, for no _ quite free from pain, can sleep well . all my business wi^ a degree of pleasure that I have not experienced for some, nionwis- . | .wall give me much pleasure to recommen Clements Tonic to all my "friends and jeusr tbmers on the roads that I travel, and widung ( the remedy every success," X remain yours j ^itii&lly; J. T. BOUNDS." Send for our 3Iedical Guide, post freee, on application toF. M. Clements,pSTewtown, N.S.W. AT the Court of Petty Sessions at Pent land oa Monday, before Mr C. A. M. Morris, P.M., and J. A. Walker, J,P. George Smith appeared to answer a complaint of Ah G*»e for wages due to the amount of £20 4B. The j complainant appeared in perron, and sub- ? mitted a telegram from Mr Milford, his j counsel, asking for an adjournment for a fortnight, ae he could not possibly attend, j ISjr Gostello appeared for the defendant, and j applied in accordance with notice served upon Mr Milford, and upon the Clerk of 1 PettySessions, for an order directing that j a certain summons served upon the defendant 1 onthe 2-tth inst, be dismissed with costs against the complainant, on the grounds thai a summons for the same complaint had j been served upon the defendant on the 10th i inst., and that the same had not been heard and detennined, After a lengthy discussion the complainant withdrew the case, and was ordered to pay £& Bs professional costs, and £l I4« fbrwitnesaeB expenses. 4 ST. PATBICK'S Day will be gazetted a public holiday for the public institutions of ifcfe colony; bat not a general public holi day. . A meeting of representatives of Fire In surance Companies was held at the Town Hall yesterday at 3 p.m., for the purpose of electing two representatives for the Fire Brigade Board for the ensuing year. Present -Messrs W. L. Davies, J. Miliiean, J. 8. Allen, A. McCallum, A. B. Bright, P. Dwan, A. M. Ifewman, F. S. IS". Johnson, J. A. Gorringe, and Mr H. B. Walfcef, secretary of the Fire Brigade Board. Mr Davies, having been voted to die chair, briefly stated the object of the meeting, when it was re solved to resort to a ballot, the result being that Messrs Davies, Bright and McCallum each polled an equal number of votes. On a second ballot being taken, Messrs Davies and Bright were announced as the successful candidates, and there being no further busi ness to transact, the meeting terminated. 