THE CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. ... 1 The wave of religious enthusiasm that is at present surging over the town ap pears to increase in volume as the end of the second annual convention draws near. The fervor of the promoters seems to he contagious, and the congregations at eae\ service exhibit deeper interest in the pro eedings. Yesterday the atten daneeswere even larger than on the preceding days, and the addresses were marked by an earnest desire for a fuller manifestation of the power of the Holy Spirit. At the morning session the Eev. Dr. Porter presided, and after reading a few verses from the Sth chapter of *cts directed attention to the fact that when the disciples were scattered abroad through persecution they preached C&nst; and not evolution. The th«ane announced for the day's consideration was Overflowing," and the speaker said tuat Lhe Lord not only satisfied the needs of His people but filled them to overflowing. This overflowing resulted m benefits to others and was dis senunated through all thespheres in which the Christian moved. The Rev. E. Harris who took as the basis of his remarks 2nd Cor. 9th chap. Sth ver., substituting the expression " run over" for the word itbouud, said that what they ran over ^thwasthatwluchwasgiven-Thespeaker S < t, o - PosslMe to have so much of the Spirit that His power maj- turn over on every side and scatter fragrance S nOx~ >e P®°Ple &d; not like to be called saints, yet God called His i - iC ^ 1Vhat now Oiled the higher Chnstian life was, said he, simply the normal life of the true Chnstian. In the afternoon the Eev. HUis Presided, and his remarks were greeted to the feet that Jesus Christ wal the centre of Christian life. He quoted passages speaking of Jesus aB the principal hgure of all things. The Eev. 0f tUe Sreat blessing, describing it as a sea. The growth of the Christian n^raee was likenSlto entering into a sea-as they advanced the water deepened rill they were able to swim i" floods 9f blessing, TheBev. AV. C Bun 111 commencing hisaddress, referred to a lemark he had heard at the luomin mating, Tthat there was so mic-h talk and so little power. This, he said was spoken by a brother minister not much given to fault-findin-and therefore T ^ul-saving power which nothin" but the Holy Spint could give. One desi-n of Christ's life was to "convict the world of sin. and believers were to be ministers of the Holy Ghost The over flow should be first seen in Christian expressions of grateful adoration. After that it should be exhibited in the home circle, and from that it shonld in fluence commercial and national life and then flow to other lands. In olden time Joseph was a channel of blessing- to his °;T Iff"*,! and tc- theEgyptiaupeople. And that should be the case with the man who was filled ,with the Holy Ghost.' The number who attended for the evening session was so great that an overflow meeting was held in the Presbyterian Church adjacent The buildin- was crowded, and the Eev. J. Boss, who pre sided, spoke briefly on the 27th verse of iVoha- Thc ii°* Coll addressed tlie audience, and said that if anything kept them hack from the blessing it «-as sin. The Bev Jir Blackie spoke of the means Christians had «o enable them to overcome all the tWhculbes raised by the devil, whilst the Bcv Isaacs jjomted out the need to enter Bov A tbe SI)5rit- The Bei A. Webb presided over the meetin° in the Mechanics' HalL The Eev Km^ht spoke earnestly on the subject of overflowing, and the enthusiasm of the speaker kindled an answering fervor among the vast assemblage. The Eev. Kent spoke of the great power given bj Je^us Christ to believer's. He stated that they had simply to look away to Jesus, and trust in Him to do all for -,.The Kev. A. Webb, ia a short discourse, spoke of the need of each one to receive the blessing, and earnestly grayed that al! who had not felt the power of the Holy Snirit would know the joy of His presence before the Convention closed. To-day bein~ the hist day of the Convention, instead of the morning prayer meeting the Sacrament of the X<ord s feupper will be administered Ween seven and eight o'clock, and the . . of 4,1 ^ time is to be devoted to missionary services. 