TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. By " NUNQUAM DORJIIO." EXCELLENT entries have been received for the Sandowu Park Races on Saturday, and as no lots than eight events are set down for decision, Mr. Tom Haydon will doubt lets have to report a big success. As tin; weights Mere not apportioned at tbe time these pages went to press I am unable to offer any prognostications in reference thereto ; but I have a sort of an off idea that two or three of tin* events will be earned oil' by Fleuiington trained noddies. I HAVE lost one of my oldest and host beloved Friends: and Australian Sport generally has lust its Most Ardent Supporter. Edward Samuel Chapman (better known as "Augur," of the Australnsinii) is no more. He died at his residence, Berry-street, East Melbourne, Last Thursday morning at tin; very time that his Last- Stray Notes were published in the country edition of the Australasian. Strangely enough the very laot sentence he indited was a panegyric in honour of another Identity of the Olden Times—Tom Ourran, at one time Champion of Australia. Here are the last, three sentences ever '• Orange Blossom ' penned :—"l'eter Jackson, although pi.sussing all the gonial and merry characteristics of the African negro, is more level-headed than either Molyneaux or Perry, and I expect thai he will take care to Jill! by something for a raiuy day. He is most popular in Sydney and Ran Francisco, and in either place will command any amount of patronage. All that he requires to do is to follow the example of an ex- champion of Australia, Tom Cnri-au, who at a green old age is now a respected citizen of Melbourne, and enjoys life like a rational being, which is more than cau be said of most retired pugilists." To my way of thinking Edward Sainm-' Chapman was so closely identiiied with the unparalleled success of (lie Melbourne Cup that I intend as soon :is 1 can collate my data to publish in these columns a series of articles concerning the history of sporting journalism thirty years ago in Victoria which cannot fail to prove interesting as mementoes of what one poor unknown inkslinger may accomplish by whole- souled enthusiasm and indomitable perseverance. On those points of E. S. Chapman's character no man is in a better position to give a plain, unvarnished tale than Yours Truly. Thirty years ago, when we were both composit.ois on the. Melbourne Murmng Hi'nihl, I was wont to accompany him to Fleuiiugton in the early morning, sifter putting in a long and arduous uight's work at the case. It was a case of " padding the hoof," ton, because, in the first place, we were only touting tbe training fur natural love and affection, and in the second a couip.'s screw wouldn't have run the expense of u cab in the wea sma' hours to such a veritable tcn-n iiirognilu as Flcmingtou was in those days. Ah ! It was during those peregrinations I first discovered the high standard of honour the Tasmanian Native had set up for hiuiseli, and various episodes that happened whilst we were utilising " Shanks' I'ony " convinced me lliat it was only a question of time for liim to make a name for himself that would be re-echoed in the halls of sport throughout the civilised world. How this was afterwards achieved the columns of 7J>n/ej/'s M<i>jti-.iw have liome ample testimony at various times. BUT, unfortunately, talent such as that, possessed bv " Orange Hlossom" has ever been insufficiently appraised ill Victoria; and for a number of years the struggling journalist had to plod aloug on such a miserablj' small pittance that it was compulsory for him to still work as a compositor on a morning paper to (ike out. a subsistence for a somewhat large family. It wasduring the iuterval between J.H/i!i and JK7U that the seeds of disease were sown which resulted in his death last week. Incessant study (for he started under all the disadvantages of having had no practical experience amongst horses) and hard graft in the vitiated atmosphere of a composing room affected bis brain to such au extent that he had frequently to have resource to Spanish fly blisters to remove the water froiu his head and afford him relief. He was quite as talented a writer in those days as lie was towards the close of his career ; but lie was a Most Unfortunate Tipster, and so his services were undervalued, lhe position of Sporting Editor only bringing him In the honorarium of Two Pounds a week. At last— one New Year's Day ] think it was—the weekly with which lie was connected came out with the marvellous record of Five Winners and a Second out of the six events tipped for; Joseph Thompson collected a testimonial of over 5(1 sovereigns from his brother bookmakers, and Teddy Chapman became famous. His work on the AUbtralanian since that- time speaks for itself. And another thing that speaks for itself—and, mind you [ speaks truinpet-tongued—is the fact that the sporting press hack hail literally to die in harness, lint he had done the State much service, and the representative gathering of sportsmen of all grades that assembled at No. til of the Independent A compartment in the Melbourne (ieneral Cemetery on Friday were there as living witnesses thereto. t OF course if is a Most Degrading Thing for one to acknowledge that he has ever been engaged in such a Menial Occupation as that of a Compositor ; but for all that I must place on record that on Friday 1 noticed no less than three other Knights of the Stick and IJnle paying their last t tribute of respect to au old comrade. These were Clias. Hvndmau (Sporting Editor of the Weekly Viiacs), John Currie Smith (of tile Melbourne fijiiirtsmun), and ltichard Gough (who writes under the mini dc jilvmr of "Warrior," and is, undoubtedly, the Creates): Turf Statistician in Australia). TJIE following weights for the Grand National Hurdle liace and the Grand National Steeplechase to he run at the V.U.C. Meeting on the iltli and Kith July, were declared oil Monday :— GHAND NATIONAL HUKDLE KACE. st. lb. ( st. lb. Knight of Garter 11 12 : Donald 10 4- Satyr ... ... 11 12 i Wattle 10 4- ltodleap ... 11 10 : The Pioneer ... 10 4- Friction ... 11 7 . Pilot 10 •> Kiniberlev ... 11 Koyalist 10 o Elland ..'. ... 11 Porcius... . 10 0 Bnonoke ... 11 4- : Duval 10 0 Busaco ... ... 11 •1 Cumberoona ... in 0 Spokesman ... 11 •t : Bettina !l 13 Nooroo ... ... 11 2 ; Josephine . 9 13 Larry 11. ... 11 o ! Omaha . 9 12 Pygmalion ... 11 o • Oats . 9 12 Lyudhurst. ... U o • Abergyle. . 9 11 The Student ... l'i 13 I Esmond . 9 10 Dillon ... ... 10 12 • Westminster .. . 9 10 Ellerslie ... 10 ] 2 Goldleaf . 9 9 Leon a ... ... 10 in : Tayfortb . 9 9 Bolton ... ... 10 10 | Butcher Roy .. . 9 ,H The Victim ... 10 9 i Indolence 9 7 Fire King ... 10 9 i Kauoota . 9 (i Islander .. 10 S i Captain Webb '.1 Commotion ... 10 K i Titanic ... . 9 The Tyler ... Ill 7 j Beau . 9 Norbert... ... 10 Tim Swiveller ... 9 5 Mikado II. ... 10 l'j I Captain Cuttle 9 0 Havilah ... 10 5 ' GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. st. lb. st, lb. Sir Wilfred . 12 12 Kob lioy 10 9 Bujaco ... . 12 10 Blister ' 10 S K-edleap . 12 7 Little Arthur .. 10 s Freeman . 12 o Commotion 10 7 Knight ... . 11 12 Egyptian 10 7 Titokowani . 11 12 Medicine 10 7 Shanks ... . 11 n) Torrent . 10 ti Beggar Boy 11 !l Transit 10 5 Grand wing 11 fs Jubilee ... 10 3 Larry 11. 11 s Harrie Aulh .. 10 1 Schoolboy . 11 7 Esmond... 10 0 Simpleton 11 7 St. Clair 10 0 Fearless 11. 11 (i Liberty 9 13 Wellington 11 ."> Puzzle ... 9 12 Jack's the Lad 11 a Beau Brummel 9 12 Boulevard 11 3 Trojan ... n 12 Nooroo 11 2 Moorambah <) 12 Ouida. ... 11 2 Panshanger SI 12 Coral 11 2 Macduff !) 11 The Duke 11 1 Kalydor 9 9 Sundowner 11 0 Delatite 9 7 Chemist 11\. 0 liut'us 9 7 Deburg HI 13 Cocoanut 9 7 Ellerslie W 12 Haven ... 9 7 Confidence 10 10 I CANNOT saj that I like either of these apportionments over »mch. as in the Grand National Hurdle 11,ice the following hold the others as safe as if they were boiled:—Knight of the Garter, Satyr, Havilab, Donald, Wattle. The Pioneer, Porcius, Abergyle, Westminster, Goldleaf, Butcher BoyaudTim Swiveller. Aud to reduce thesedown to three 1 shall pronounce au opinion at this time in favour of HAVILAII, SATYE aud QUTCHKK Hoy. CORRESPONDINGLY in the Grand National Steeplechase, I can strike fully 30 out of the 51 who haven't got t he ghost-of a show at the weights; in fact, if MKDrciNis, BHGGAU BOY, FEAHLESS II., WELLINGTON, JACK'S THE LAD. JUBILEE a n d HUSACO started fit and well, mid lackcd, I don't think we would have to look any further for the winner, and of this main commend me at the present time to MEDICJKE, HDSACO aud BJSGGAH BOY. ACCOUDINO to my Old Pal's handicap for the Grand National Steeplechase, as compared with Mr. J 1 '. F Dakin's apportionments, it. would be the correct thing for Mir 1 Vilfml to go to a Chemist for some M-tliriiu\ so as to have a Jubiler. time of it with Harris Aulh over a I'ansJumgcr. • j HAT was an Awfully Nice portrait that appeared on the first page of the Melbourne Sportsman this week under the heading—" liace Club Secretaries"—only it would have been a great deal better to have headed it—" Old Braddy; A Study!" What's that you ask?— "What is he studying?" Why, the working out of the Yellow Hammer Produce Stakes, of course! How dull some people are! FLEMINGTON training tracks are beginning to present a lively appearance of a morning now, what with the "leppers" being put through their facings in view of the various Grand National events looming in the immediate future, aud also the large number of yearlings who are learning the rudiments of their future profession. A fine lot these latter are, beyond the shadow of a doubt; and, all going well with them,] shall confidently look- forward to some of them distinguishing themselves as two- year-olds next season. It is altogether too early to select particular colts or fillies for special commendation (as the penny-aliner puts it—Where all are so good it would be invidious to particularise); and so I shall simply inform you that Frank MacNamara and Walter Hickenbotham have something really worth while bestowing their uureinitting care and attention on. VAHIOUS improvements are being carried out on the training tracks aud course proper : Messrs. Smith and Foster (during the absence on furlough of Jonathan Brown) superintending tbe work. Thus a new entrance aud exit has been made to the back boxes at the top sheds (near the abattoirs), so that the risi; of collision and accident from horses being a little fresh has been reduced to a minimum, AND they do get a bit fresh these nippy, frosty mornings, you bet your boots. Why, on Tuesday they were skipping and hopping about to such an extent that I becauie a liviug personification of the Bounding Buffer of Botany Bay, and had to keep dancing a perfect fandango. However, during one of the intermissions I wended my way into the course proper, and there witnessed three maiden contestants for jumping i ion ours disporting themselves over the small sticks. These were Shylock and Indolence (in Joe Cripps' stable) and t'ouiediaa (in Walter Hickenbotham's); the style iu which the trio popped over the obstacles auguring very auspiciously indeed for future distinction at the illegitimate game. TALKINO about jumping reminds me that all the timber fences on the Flemington Steeplechase Course have been renovated, the respective heights being still maintained. The stone walls, of course, remain as they were. A SON of Musket (a rarity outside the bounds of Australasia) has actually turned up in Deinarara, British Guiana, of all places in the world. This horse is St. Bruno, who is by Carbine's sire from Monaco, by liosicrucian, and was sold as a yearling for 920 guineas. St. Bruno was once the property of the celebrated jockey, Fred Archer. TUB late stewards of the defunct Oakleigh Park Racing Club having removed the two years' disqualification passed upon Jimmy King for being ostensibly connected with a rather shady transaction at Oakleigh Park some eighteen months ago, application was made to the committee of the Victoria liacingClub on Monday to have the embargo removed in so far as other clubs under their jurisdiction were concerned. Unfortunately tbe matter was brought forward too late to lie then-dealt with, and in consequence had to be postponed until their next meeting. On several occasions in these columns I have expressed my opinion that King was very harshly dealt with oil that occasion, inasmuch as the animal disqualified (I Shouldn't Wonder) liad not- been iu his custody more than an hour and a-half when the topsy-turveydom occurred; and, as he has been under the ban for such a lengthened period now, and, moreover, as the prime movers in the disqualification have deemed fit to remove it so far as they are concerned, the committee of the Y.h'.O. will no doubt determine to temper justice with luercy. THE Divided Handicap racket appears to meet with tlie approbation of owners and trainers. Last week Coxy-Woxy received 1(3 responses to bis Moonee Valley Cup and Moonee Valley Plate manifesto, as against 71 entries last year; and on Monday the Victoria Amateur Club people were rewarded with no less than 5(S nominations for the Cambria Plato and Cambria Purse, to be run at their meeting at Caulfield on Saturday, 2i5th June. The Cambria Plate and Cambria Purse is a. handicap of 400 sovs. to be divided equally into two stakes, and constituting two races. The maximum handicap weight is to be not less than lOst. 71b.; and all horses handicapped at 8st. 71b. and above that weight shall be regarded as duly entered and qualified to start only for the Cambria Plate, and all horbes handicapped at B=t. (ill), and below that weight only qualified to start for the Cambria Purse. The handicap weight of the horses that start for the Cambria Plate is to be lowered in cach instance 2st., and penalties (if any) for either race to be added to the weights that the horses are respectively allotted to carry. The winner of either race to receive ITS sovs., the second horse to receive 25 sovs. out of the stake ; and the race is to be over six furlongs of ground. The weights will be due next Monday. FIFTY- FOUR horses have been entered for the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race, of about two miles and a-qunrter, to be run at Caulfield on Saturday, 13th August, whilst for the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, of about four miles, 37 nominations have been received. The Grand National Hurdle Pace is worth iioOO (£.!'> to second and .£25 to third), and the Grand National Steeplechase ilOOO (second £200 and third .£100). WHEN the Duke of Westminster made the announcement that Orme bad been " foully and deliberately poisoned," some of the English papers immediately got at loggerheads with each other over the matter, London Ti uih maintaining w At the present stage in the affair it is only necessary to point out that the helter-skelter theory that Orme had been got at in the interest, of some person or persons who had been laying heavily against him cannot possibly be reconciled ivith the notorious fact that the horse has been as firmly fixed in the Two Thousand and Derby betting as the rock against which Virgil describes the winds and waves beating in vain. Not only was there a marked absence of any disposition to lay against Orme, but, as a matter of fact, it was exceedingly difficult to get on money to any amount, even at a prohibitive rate of odds. Whenever a favourite has been ' got at' in any way by persons who have been sedulously laying against it, there have always been clear signs of unsteadiness in the betting, which were perfectly manifest to all persons blessed with discerning eyes Orme is supposed to have been ' got at' on Thursday, 21st April, and it was the morning of Saturday, the 23rd, before the news that he had gone amiss reached London. Now, if large sums had been laid agaiustOrme on Friday, the 22nd, there would be a clue at once, but, as a matter of fact, on this day it was hard work to find a bookmaker who would accept 0 to 4 for the Two Thousand, aud even these long odds could not have been laid 'to money,' while for the Derby the Duke's horse figured at 5 to 4. It is certain, under these circumstances, that no bookmaker can have kuown anythipg to Orme's disadvantage. The insane jargonings of some of the daily papers on the subject of the Orme scandal only serve to demonstrate tho huge ignorance and boundless aud bottomless imbecility of the. writers who are responsible for them." IN contradistinction to this the London Pos^ of litii May relates that a strange story in connection with the Orme mystery obtained currency in London the previous afternoon to the effect that some time since a large insurance was effected at Lloyd's, wiiere a policy of A'10,000, at 2(1 guineas per cent., was taken out against the liorse starting for the Derby; that is, if Orme did not start the sum assured was to be paid. Consequent on this, a newspaper representative visited Mr. George Lewis at his offices and liad a long interview with that gentleman, who explained that he had ascertained that a policy of the kind was effected in December last for £1000, but lie did not attach much importance to it, as lie regarded the transaction as a genuine one made to cover bets which had been made by the individual who took out the policy. Mr. Lewis, instead of altering his previously expressed opinion that the horse had been poisoned, said the information he was constantly receivingfroui various sources all tended to strengthen it. and to show that the facts of the ease were not consistent with tbe theory as to the trouble being due to dental causes. One significant point on which 51r. Lewis is accumulating evidence (says the same authority), is that immediately prior to Orme's illness, and without, anything having transpired to afi'eet the betting, there was carried on in various quarters betting against him, but so unostentatiously and ill such amounts „,,, that , the market . price • . was , ° f letters and telegrams wliieh indicated that more than one person -was inspired with a certainty J that ... the , animal , , would not o" go to the — 1post. Taking • •-n this and other mformatnon into consideration, Mr. Lewis had not the slightest doubt that the horse C ^ r 0 '' rSe ° f lhe J i " te,view Cm P f •kewis expressed disagree- , ° fU6 r r °l>'»'on that the I^TATi^ tb :; pysr, 1 ! , m d Xref S ^ * tho t^S™' He ^tnttH ftn thecasewere no consistent with such a theory. For instance," said Mr. Lewis, ' you are in perfect health now; you l»nch ani are shortly .afterwards ^ i ^ t l S H trouble before your lunch '{ Here was Orme in the best of health in the morning. On coining back from his gallop on the Downs he was in perfect condition, with no signs of ailment at all. After being attended to he fed well, and, in fact, cleared out his manger. At twelve o'clock, when the horse was locked up in his box, he wnsseen by Mr. Porter, who, after critically looking him over, as usual, saw him fastened up for the afternoon. At five o'clock the animal was found in a terrible plight, with a slimy saliva oozing from his mouth, and his tongue and throat in a very inflamed condition. It is absurd to say that this could have been caused simply by a bad tooth. Again, too, the tongue had an abcess on both sides, whereas tiie bad tooth would only make one. Considering the severity of the illness, the absence of premonitory .symptoms, I Bee no reason to doubt—nor does the Duke of Westminster—that tbe horse was . got at Questioned as to whether be had any idea how it had Ueen ellected, Mr. Lewis said that active inquiries were in progress, and much information had come to his knowledge, which, of course, he cuuld not as yet make public. Among the communications was a letter which Mr. Lewis read, un.lv concealing all names. The writer was the keeper ot an estaminet in Antwerp, which lie said was much frequented by English and local betting men. He had seen, lie said, in the newspapers reports ortlie nobbling ot Orme, and these had brought to his mind a circumstance winch he thought was at least equivocal. On the Tuesday before the reported illness an individual well known to frequenters of the house came in as usual, and took part in tbe betting that was going on. It struck the writer as peculiar that while odds were being betted on Oruie 111 England for the Two Thousand this bookmaker was freely laying 3 to 1 against, ana there was much betting at this price; indeed, to a larger extent than ~was the usual custom there. Of course, it M as not for him to interfere; but when lie taw the accounts of the supposed poisoning of the animal he thought it his duty to let the Duke of Westminster know of what had taken place under his own personal observation: and the writer, in conclusion, expressed a hope that the information he was thus enabled to give would help to furnish a clue to the mystery. "And this," said Mr. Lewis, picking up from his desk a bundle of telegrams and letters, " was the kind of information pouring in from all quarters, and more especially from the chief betting centres." Surprise was expressed that this should not have affected the market price, but Mr. Lewis replied that it had evidently been engineered in a most astute manner. Indeed, one communication had been forwarded to him, which had been addressed to a turf commission agent, instructing him to lay the horse" for a substantial stake,stating that the writer was in possession of information which lie wanted his clients to have the beuefiFof before the public got hold of it. As regards the , L feasibility of a strangerobtainingaccess toa6iable, Mr. Lewis suggested that all things were possible Much stress has been laid on the fact that •>. stranger, if he were even lucky enough to get within the sacred precincts where the horse was located at Kingsclere, would be unable to tell which of the boxes contained Ormc; but it must bo remembered that the horse was kept in the same stall which had sheltered his sire and Common; and it may be taken for granted that this box would be fairly well known iu the locality. It is stated on ex'cellent authority that the grievous disaster which affected Orme meant a pecuniary loss of about .£40,000 to the Duke of M estimnster, as the colt seemed certain to carry oft the Two Thousand Guineas, the Newmarket Stakes, one or two of the richest races at Ascot, the Eclipse Stakes, the Doncaster St. Leger, and the Lancashire Plate—to say nothing ot his engagements next year. His trainer, John Torter, was ••>« so impressed mjpLBBsuu with wiuii uruiuB Orme's good a 1O0KS looks when ho was a yearling that he then took a bet of £10,000 to .£100 about him for the Derby, All of which things tend to show beyond the shadow of a doubt that it was to somebody's interest to prevent Orme starting for the Epsom Downs event if possible. Thb Sydney Referee gives as an illustration of the ho ovtant extent "to which a, %maU~doubVe" ^—11 1—t-o b"o"oks"are patronised, the fact that one Sydney city penciiler, laying the odds of 250 to 1, betted £20 "over round" in a book to the extent of a "pony" (.625) on the Flying and Winter Stakes last Saturday - " week. By-the-ivay, n„ ,.„,„ talking toll-;,,,,»( of doubles, it may interest my readers to become seized of the fact that" on figures " the correct odds about \- . striking the double, Oaulfield <'up and Melbourne Cup, this year is exactly cighiecn Ihtmxand and eighlij-mm: 'in one ' So what price i.jOlK) to ? 