i?MY MAT INEIC. (FROM TrI colINIIILL MAGAZINE.) "'The young man will, perhaps, one day write a respectable essay. 'Love's Triumph' about as much resembles a play as an acorn does an oak."-Social Notes. "The whole thing feeble in the extremo. It was much applauded by the author's aunts, sisters, cousins, and female belong ings generally. They threw back their t bonnat.strings, and cried Oh I' and 'Ah I' indiscriminately."-The. Prosceniuism. "' Love's Triumph' may be summed up in one word-'bosh.'"-The Pronmpter. " What rot !"-The Owl. ''ions I" said I to myself, " these are all gentlemen to whom no seats were sent. The 1 pit holds no demon like a critic scorned I Is it really possible that can have anything to dq with it I Let us lopki at those who were given goqd stqlls.l' It was two or three days saftor the olatinee, and press notices were pouring in. i Tot jndices, lot sentential. My play was r "powerful and gloomy ; weak and futile; full of promise and bright graceful dia. ii logue; heavily and lugubriously written I neatly constructed; absolutely without a construction; the author would one day write a capital play ; the author must turn p his abilities elsewhere than the stage; full " of interest; and movement i possessed of no a sort of interest; written with a cep(n eye 1 to dramatic effect i from the point of view b of the stage, hopeless; absurd; stupid in s the extreme; quite childish; excellent; v scenes that are altogether admirable." (N.U.--These are absolutely from the r life.) Here was I, eager to be taught, if ever I man was; caring very little for myself and A everything for my art, or calling ; and the o above puttlngs were all in the shape of iu- s struetion I could lay hands on. Shade oi of Lessing I Let me go out and consult b the most experienced of my friends. That ti friend, himself a critic who had sat to through more bad plays than any man ft in England, would go no further than s declaring "' Love's Triumph' wants some- ti thing." Good heavens I was there ever a n play that didn't? In his attempts to f( explain himself my friend reminds me of d an art critic I once saw in a studio in front v of a picture trying to make clear ts the u artist the something it wanted. He ti rounded his fhands as if he were squeezing sa a football, bent himself low as though he ti was going to bowl it, then straightened ti himself, pushing his open hands over the canvas with a kind of angry b-r-r.r! noise. b That was what it wanted, b.r-r-r.r!, and the is artist said' with conviction, "'T see " - Singular phantasies of the inarticulate B trying to make themselves clear;g the b Iblind leading 'the blind, till both fati into it the ditlch. tl In Waterloo Ilne I met the shrewd and a kisidlyl lurileet on his way nowhere in par- '1 ticular, as usual. It was one of those it delicate spring days when the sun: shines fi melodiously and the east wind hides with d the gay malice of a young girl round the ft street corners. We sat on a bench in the Mall, and Purfleet unbuttoned his soul. as "The fact is," said he, " criticism in v this country is in s truly melancholy p condition, and uhtil we learn that the T critic is in a great measure born and not th made (though instructioi andj roa'cling will I do moda foe him than for indst other ti artists) it will never be better. Just on. b sider. "Yho is it'es a yule does the novels, b eeied for the best organs i, Genersally some fs spgsmodje female volative or friend of the s editor, ignorant and full of prejudice, with b a mind unmelloweod and even unformed, h and a pen as flighty and unreliable as her li thoughts. With very little reading beyond o the typical omnivorous reading of the gi*l, g and absolutely no insight, she will sit a down end leuetoliah a' eoduction which, sull of fasilts an'it may be, yet oftens con- s tains much to foster and encourage, at any h r to to direct aright; with the result that ti though I sometimes read a book that in cut a to shreds, I never lool sqt noe 'that is d received with a ?cream of praise. I give fl it ,ime to see if' it will blow over, and D I find It generally does. Again, in art, s who holds the scales of notice for the Adademy and Grogveuor, and ouch like 1i exhibitions l Not infreduently a broken- i1 down drawifig master with friend- of his t oenii to pug, not bhcq?sp ulip particularly g cares altotit or beholves in them, but be caneuse he htes the established reputations. Or some pert Oxford common-room pro- t duct, will ill-digested views, still suffer ing from a surfeit of westhetticitp, that v dying gasp of the pr(m.plaplselite i a stiff lipped, white-l.geed saun, no longer agotig, Virose creed is that Fo goo°d pintueos were a painted in the English echool before 1880. ot wili scad two columns of such, and I when it's done you will know no more of what it has all been about than the writer. And as for your own line, the thealtr, r there the earnest soul must see still gretegr cause for despondency," "In my oxen pssse,h said, it you see I have rga4 evvery notice of my work, with a ( view to its alteration and improvement, I and there isn't one of them from that point c of view, is of the slightest use." " And that is all the more odd," Purfleet replied, "as almost every critio is either an unformed wouhl-be or t acq aflly dis- f appointed dgsatitipt..' A.t now that " Love'd Triumph" is lonished, what shall we do with it ? There, indeed, lies the true problem. The author in England, apart from the difficulty that is always with him of writing a good play, has many superb dilicultiea to contend with. A?lgoLt the greatest remains with the audience, for assuredly no civilised country has so tackward an audience to show as ours. The manager is their mouth pi. c, since long experience has taugh him pretty well what they want; and him you can hear any morning as he sits in his little room over his asbestos fire. To such a gentleman, if you can couceive Shake- 1 speare taking " Hamlet," I think Icai tell you pretty well whiat he wild say. I deed, I can healr him " Plenty of god stuff in t. iu y boy, but totall5y unesited to the sIritish P5ublic. They won't swallose those losg rp'ecshc all sbout nothing, right oll~ td l the action of the play. The young man talks a lot toc much, and worklis right against the sympathies of the audience. They'll 'iss 'im if hle's as rude as that to his mother; and look nt hid treatment of Fiji--lwhat's Ior name, Ophelia? . nd ho'a quite brutal to that old chap, 'Polonius, who's a first-class dodderr.e If tli yoting nisi thinkls hIis fatliher' been murdered, wlhy don' hI'e call I in :he good old Danish bobbyand have a nailing good trial, like the' Mlan's Shlddller,' instead of going through th.l Dageoy' play scene? And, loo her, it must end happily, the .I, won't sticnd ni unhappy ending Amlet muist nmarry Ophllia, thugh there's I no 'ril in hlr going dotty for a bit. And you'ye got three corpses on thebo stage at the curtain; no, four, by George I fDo you suppose the audience want to bt se?nt home ..miserable? And pb secoad1 love interest. First grsve'digger must, 'ave a da",ghter too Laertes-that can be cos ly workted. Ani what's the good of putting thie secene out of England? 1 ''lle posoplo ie a o-ene they can.recognise, and saoy, 'Lord' ain'titaxacklylink P?' Sake the scene English, my boy, and the people miiddle class. The ghost can easilyi walk o Primrose ill, .ad''Amlt's fatliher be a lawsyer or oieothing5 and Polodnts a I county councillor. lesidos;if we're going to do it; I'm 'net going to pperid a 13tof monoy. oth scenery I can tell you.: snd I shall wisht my name'on the bill a·s part author iand Rossneinaltz and OGuilden stern can com~ iight dut. Theyinr ? aoos ance. And, look here, next thiang you write, for gracious sklo gen it type-written; such a fist an yours I' never.saw in the 'ole of ..~ R~.a~s~ds -.. do poor... Shakespeare, having been recommended to look after a good farcical comedy from the $rench, and a cbllaborateur v'ho knows the ropes, the manages gives him twro fingers, and:says, asu the door claoses, "That chap'll oomne to. no good.'?" Little Dick :'The school is closed because so many children is sick.' Mamma: 'They 'mill prbiibly beailliigit again in a week or so' .'Little Dick (hopIfully) :I 'Perhips the rse'todf h'llleb' aeick'then.' 