THE WINDSOR MURDER. PARTICULARS GLEANED IN BRISBANE BY OUR REPRESENTATIVE. WORKED AS A MINER ON TWO QUEENSLAND GOLDFIELDS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, March 14. Friday's "Government Gazette" contained an announcement offering a reward of £100 for the arrest of the Windsor murderer, and it has been decided that the money shall be allowed. Williams on Saturday, when in custody, sent the following telegram to Miss Rounsefell, care of G.P.O., Melbourne:—"Do not come, but go home. I am leaving here to-morrow.—B. Swanstone." PERTH, March 14. Further particulars with regard to the arrest of Williams, the Windsor murderer, show that while in Perth he was frequently relating sur- prising stories of hunting adventures he alleged to have taken part in in the Transvaal. On one occasion he ripped up a Zulu with a jack knife, and at another time he shot thirteen lions in one day in Zululand. He had several letters of introduction to business men in Perth and Fremantle from an influential financial and land firm in Melbourne. He used to talk large as to his business intentions. He carried cards with the words engraved "Baron Swanston, Engineer." When arrested at the Southern Cross he made no statement, and offered no resistance. Information reached our office yesterday which induced us to set on foot inquiries touching the murderer Williams, who, it was believed, had at one time of his life visited Queensland, and regarding whom inquiries had been made by the police for "Frederick Bailey Deeming," who was wanted in connection with a charge of forgery and fraud. The evidence which we have been able to collect is, of course, circumstantial, but it is so strong that there can scarcely be a doubt that a miner who in Rockhampton went under the name of Mollett some eight years ago, and who is also believed to have pur- suede his vocation on Charters Towers, is identical with Williams, the notorious Windsor murderer. In 1889, Deeming, for he was then known by that name, was at Capetown, South Africa. Two gentleman who had been up country at the diamond fields had returned to Capetown, and one of them was on the eve of embarking on a steamer for England. The latter was accosted by Deeming, who had evidently seen him on the diamond fields. He described a property on the field, which was in the Transvaal, that he had to dispose of for something over £2000, and asked the gentleman referred to to become the pur- chaser, which he agreed to, should on inquiry the property agree with the description given. As he could not visit the property himself this gentleman deputed his friend to make the necessary investigation and purchase the pro- perty if he was salisfied that the transaction was a good one. The gentleman then sailed for England. Thereupon Deeming forged a telegram, to which he put the name of the pro- posed purchaser, and forwarded it to this gentleman's representative on the diamond fields, requesting him to pay over the amount agreed upon to Deeming. Deeming made his way to the Transvaal and obtained the money. He stated that he would have to return to Capetown for a portion of the neces- sary papers to complete the transaction, and accordingly left. Of course he never again appeared, and the conclusion to be drawn from this is that the property was a bogus one. The gentleman who had been defrauded when in England obtained information which led him to believe that the man Deeming was also in the old country, and communi- cations were opened with the Transvaal to obtain a warrant for his arrest on charges of fraud and forgery. There being no extradition treaty in force at that time between the two places the warrant could not be ob- tained. The same year this gentleman for- warded a communication to a friend in Bris- bane, informing him that Deeming was supposed to have sailed for Australia in the Jumna under the name of George, and asking him to have him arrested should he correspond with the photograph enclosed with the letter. The captain of the Jumna was com- municated with on his arrival at Thursday Island, and he replied that there was no such passenger. The cap- tain, however, stated that there were two brothers named Joyce on board, one of whom corresponded with the description sent. A Brisbane detective went down to Moreton Bay to meet the Jumna and to make the arrest of the man Joyce, who was supposed to be identical with George, The captain stated that the Joyces had gone ashore at Rockhampton, but on seeing the photo of Deeming he said it did not correspond with Joyce. He immediately recognised it, how- ever, as that of a passenger named Leavey, who had voyaged by the Jumna from Aden to London on the previous trip. There could scarcely be a doubt as to the cor- rectness of this, as Deeming had forwarded to the diamond fields a letter from Capetown to the effect that a friend of his having died he was to accompany the body as far as Aden and then return to South Africa. This was evi- dently done to account for the non-supply of the missing papers connected with the pur- chase of the Transvaal proporty, and to put the authorities off the scent until he had time to make good his escape. The captain described Leavey as being a man who disposed of money freely during the voyage, who displayed lots of jewellery, always wore a dress suit at dinner, and who made himself very obnoxious to one lady passenger, and had to be severely reprimanded by the captain. All this time Deeming, alias Leavey, had a wife and family living at Birkenhead. The gentle- man who had been swindled went to Birken- head, but could find no trace of the man he wanted. Shortly afterwards, however, he had reason to believe that Deeming was in Hull, he having been arrested on a charge of making away with jewellery to the value of £285. He had bought the jewellery, giving on a Saturday afternoon after banking hours two valueless cheques in payment, and escaped to Monte Video, where he was arrested and brought back to England. On the 20th Sep- tember, 1890, Deeming was brought before the justices, and committed for trial to the sessions. On his arrival from South Africa Deeming had it seems gone direct to Hull, and had taken up his residence at Beverley, where he passed himself off as a retired Australian sheep-farmer. There he made free with his money, and was married to a young Scotch girl. The marriage was celebrated with great éclat, and "Mr. and Mrs. Harry Lawson" immediately left on a month's honeymoon trip to the South of England. Deeming, whose aliases were now getting rather numerous, is known to have visited his wife and family at Birkenhead. In January, 1891, he informed his wife at Birkenhead that he was going to South America the following month, and that soon after his arrival there he would send for her and the four children. He left his wife a sum of money-some £100 or £200. He had left the woman he had married in Beverley at Hull, going out one day and promising to return in an hour or two. It was after this that he bought the jewellery and paid for it by bogus cheques. The young wife at Beverley was visited by the man who had been swindled in South Africa, and she informed him that "Lawson's" lawyer was drawing up papers for the nullity of the marriage to save him from being arrested as a bigamist and sent to gaol for the offence. She was informed that "Lawson" must still have a considerable sum of money, and was advised not to sign any paper until a substantial sum was handed over to her. Unfortunately it is not known here whether she adhered to this determination, though she promised to do so. The career of Deeming after this episode at Hull-where, by the way, he was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment-is not known by any one in Brisbane so far as we are aware. It is, however, known almost beyond doubt that about eight years ago Deeming was a resident of the Rockhampton district, passing there under the name of "Mollett," and it is a fact that when in South Africa he informed certain people that he had worked as a miner both on the Charters Towers and in the vicinity of, it is believed, Mount Morgan. STORY OF THE GOLD ROBBERY. The Melbourne Evening Standard gives a story regarding the murderer Williams which it states has been related to a representative by a detective engaged in the case. The in- cident goes back fifteen years, and the scenes are all laid in South Afriica, at a time when the diamond fever was raging and the Russo- Turkish War was nearing its close. In Cape Colony in 1877 three boxes containing 5000 sovereigns were one day mysteriously abstracted from a mail cart travelling between King- williamstown and Grahamstown. The gold belonged to the Standard Bank, and was taken over to the hotel in King Williamstown, whence the mail cart started, and here placed in the vehicle by Mr. Pointing, manager of the hostelry, in the presence of the bank officials. One of them mounted the box with the driver, and all went well until a certain half-way turnpike was reached, when the bills of lading had to be scrutinised and the con- tents of the vehicle examined. Then it was found that the gold was not on board. It had disappeared in some unaccountable manner, but how or where it had gone to remained a mystery for some time after. It was noticed that at about this time a seafaring engineer named "Bully" Williams was knocking about King Williamstown, and in such a way as to excite suspicion in the minds of the police, for he had no ostensible means of support, though he represented himself as being connected with a big engineering firm in England. He lived at the hotel where Pointing was manager, the owner of the place, being at the time in the old country, having left Point- ing to look after his interests during his absence. Pointing and Williams were fast friends, and the fact that Pointing evi- dently knew something of how the money had disappeared brought suspicion on both men alike. There was no direct evidence upon which either could be arrested, and so it was decided to keep them both under close surveil- lance. Williams began to find this sort of thing rather disagreeable, and determined to put some distance between himself and the Cape Colony police authorities as soon as pos- sible. But his time for departure had not yet arrived. He resolved to put up with the risk a little longer, rather than leave the country, and perhaps lose the chance of sharing in the spoil. The police at last determined to act boldly against Pointing, fearing that he would sooner or later give them the slip. So they pounced upon him suddenly one day and accused him of the robbery ; and he, taken aback with the suddenness of the charge, tacitly admitted he was a party to the deed. The bank, more anxious for the money than for the vindication of the law, gave the thief to understand that if he would only lead them to the place where the coin was "planted" they would not prosecute him. He reluctantly consented. The money, he told them, had been planted in a sandhill near the town. There were several such hills, but he could not tell them exactly which one. Two policemen, a bank official, and Pointing set out for the concealed treasure. Pointing, led them up one hill and down another till darkness came on, and they were all tired, and the 5000 sovereigns were as far away as ever. For several days after the search was renewed, but with no better result. Pointing had changed his mind. Williams had found an opportunity of persuading him that it would be much better to risk a term of imprisonment, and have the money when he came out, than give up the money, and perhaps have to go to gaol after all. The hotel manager was at last placed on his trial. The evidence brought against him was conclusive. The jury found him guilty, and he left the court to serve a sentence of three years' imprisonment. The position grew altogether too uncomfort- able for Williams now. The eyes of the police were on him everywhere. It was known that he had played an important part in the robbery, and he know he was suspected. While Pointing was on his trial Williams assured him he would see that he was properly supplied with luxuries during his incarceration, that he would wait till he came out again, and that then they could lift the "plant," leave the country, and sail for Australia with the £5000. At any rate Pointing asserted on his libera- tion that such an understanding did exist between them, and how Williams on his part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning after the hotel manager had begun to serve his sentence a mysterious disappearance was reported. Williams had not been seen for some days, and no one could say where he had gone, or how he had taken his departure. He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no trace of him could be found. Nothing more was heard of him till about nine months later, when a queer-looking little man, evidently disguised, got off the coach at King- williamstown. No one knew who the visitor was, and so as many people were going and coming to the diamond fields he did not excite more than ordinary notice. The little man was none other than "Bully" Williams, who had returned for the "swag" when the coast was clear. He found it where it was planted in the sand, and, laden with sovereigns, he made his way back as quickly as possible to the coast. On arrival at the port of East London it was noticed he was very flush of cash. He gave a great spree at one of the hotels, got all his old acquaintances round him, and after a really merry time of it he sailed for London. The gentleman who has supplied us with this information was at the time a prominent resi- dent of East London, and his bona fides are undoubted. He knew Williams well and all about him, and has no doubt that the man who committed the Windsor murder and the accomplice of Pointing in the South African gold robbery are one and the same person. Williams was for some years an engineer on one of the Union Company's Cape mail boats. When at East London he had to leave the vessel, it was supposed, through a row with the men, who could not stand his arrogant dispo- sition. He was known among seafaring men as "Bully" Williams, because of the constant swagger he assumed and his notoriously aggressive manner. When Pointing got out of gaol he went back to Kingwilliamstown, to get the money he and Williams had planted, but found to his sorrow that Williams, who had promised to wait for him, had been there before him. It transpired subsequently that Pointing, instead of putting the boxes of gold into the mail cart, put in dummy boxes instead, the bank officials who were standing by being deceived by the counterfeit parcels. Williams's favourite topic of conversation on board the Kaiser Wilhelm was "My travels in South Africa," where he alleged he had made a for- tune and "Spent it like a man, sir." 