DON FEDERICO'S CRYPT. In the miilst of u+-wide tract of un cultivated hmd.in Southern California 6tandsa'ruin ado^igiousS' once \the' patriarchiil ]iome;6l-;^Btr®iViraiiiontesr One hundred yoara'f£go,pthe valley, Dow.dry aUd.bamm; wu^watered by streams flowing through aqueducts, clear and cool fvoiu • -the mouutainsj and great herds of cattle and flocks-of sheep giazcd on the luscious herbage. Whore still stand some scraggy olive trees • once grew a-tkrxftyurchMdrjrbut* not?, oven "ia ■ fanen:V.truukc'rein'ains the noblo grove of live-oaks " in whose shade Don Fedeiico Miramoute, the first,j owner, .of L the.t vast estate, built tho llttlo chapel whose crumbl ing -'adobe * walls -sank into shapeless .mounds,of earth long ago. . ■.} ;At a little distance from i'the.- great house lived the laborei-s and servants, in primitive dwolhn^yiiade ofitules— reeds—brought.; from the • marshes. The dimeusious,- of Don- Federicp's estate-were .(loiiiiod byair impreg nable , boundary . line-^a'.. hedge of prickly, cacti, - planted to - prevent '-itlio invasions.pf hostile Indians,-from ,tho mountains. . In some jdaces the cacti have grown to enormous height, flourishing in the midst of drought and desolation, while the people they wore planted to protect and the. In dians wlio were their foes have van ished from tlio earth. , 'One morning in October, 1S9], two young men rode toward tho old adobe and stopped to rest in its-, ,shadow. One—dark-browed, and sallow-skin ned, with eyes like black beads—was Arturo Miranionto, Don Eederico's only living descendant. Tlic other was a youug architect from Now liuglaud, named Sevevsou. Evidently the scene was new to him for wbilu tlie, Spaniard sat his hurso and ._ smoked his cigarettes in moody sileucc, looking neither to rig]it nor left, the New Englander's eager eyes took, in every detail of their suiTouudiugs. Twice he was about to speak, but the sight of his* friend's melancholy, countenance. ..kept him silent; he knew Miranionto well enough to understand that ho did not wish to ho disturbed. " Ay!" said tho Spaniard, at last. "Valgamo Dios.' It is a dreamy • scene! You see, my friend, all that remains!" He spol-e slowly, choos ing his words with care" . Asluro Miramoute detested the English hiu Suaoc\ " You can form no idea of the granduess tliat onec was here. An avenue of palms led up to the house (they were cut down by the Ameri cauos), and , the plucita—the ; court thei-e, senor, where you see the ruihs of a fountain—was planted .with flowers and tropical trees. Don Eederico's servants made a villa"-e of themselves 1 , At night they, say,''when the moon shone, he would sit with his young wife under the arched porch1 yonder, and. wateli the people dancing to tlie music of guitars and castanets. .... But his wife ran away with an Euglislunan, and Don Eederico be came suddenly an old man, and so morose, that all his people, feared liim. You have heard the story . ''No," answered Severson. . "Let's go inside while you tell it." " My great-grandfather's wife was very beautiful," continued Miramoute as they walked across tlie neglected court j "not boautifullikcour Spanish v omen, but with sbiniug red hair,and a white skin and soft brown eyes. He brought her with liim when ho came to this country, and no one knows the hmd of her nativity. He built this house for her-and'filled it with beau tiful things—carpets from ,. Persia (Don Eederico liml been a great tra veller), and pictures, and curtains, and furniture from everywhere. He worshipped her instead of the Virgin. There was nothing lie would m>t° do for her. They were famous for their hospitality—you have heard of the hospitality of tho Miramontes ?—si ? ami travellers never asked shelter there in vain. _ "But one day, Don Eederico found his wife in the anus .of an English man, who was their guest Why he did not kill them both, I <lo not understand. The servants'" heard her screams and prayers for luevev. That nig]it the faithless woman dis appeared with Jwr lover, and Don Eederico made no search for them. Ilo forbade the mention of her name. He became a recluse, a cynic, a miser and for thirty years lie lived alone, ruling his people like a king, hoard ing liis money, and growing richer every year. . . . And then, as sud denly as he had retired from tho world lie catered it ngain. , It wan Ins pur pose to marry, to provide heirs'to bis wealth——" " But—tlio wife " interrupted Sover SOll. " Miramunto rolled another cigarette. "Slie disappeared wit Ir hcrtover," lie repeated, " the night after her perfidy was discovered, and they were never heard of again. -Don- Federico made no effort to find ' them. He wished to forget .her : he spoke of her but once. When he asked my great grandmother's hand in marriage, he tohl her parents that ho had learned from an authentic source that his first wife was dead. Fate! He could have eliosen any maiden in the country— for his wealth was great—and my great- grandmother was regarded'-as the most fortunate of women. She, too, came of pure Castilinn blood, senor," and Miramonte looked up, with a gesture of pride. " It is good that the other wife bore no children— the Miramontes are without a taint. Vayn, you care little for - the blood— you Americanos—es asi ? ■" 1 • "But, once wedded, Don Federico again .withdrew".from the- world. A sad life. she.. ■led—iiiy - great-grand mother." ~ She bore him sons and daughters, and tliev all' feared ' him more than they feared God or the devil. He seemed to care only to got money—to,hoard it and hide it away. To this day people believe that there is money hidden in these -ruins. You are amused, senor ? You laugh'?!' "Every ruin is said-to conceal a treasure, you know," said Sevorson sceptically. . "Yayal" replied the Spaniard, with apparent indifference;: ''Believe it, or not, as you. will; but son relies1" have been made and money has been found—no matter! Don Federico lived to.be ninety years old,; andnhis wife was his slave, and his children wore afraid to speak aloud in his pre sence. He had graiidchildreii,'t<io^r-a sturdy, brood. - Sti-auge that ® alone"' am left! - He would uotipcrmit them to learn the English .'language,:':or recogiiiselcnie who spokeiit.J You see;' senor, I'speak the Englisluwith much care. v I learned it, of necessity a few rears ago. "We Miramontes are born with a hatred of the Engh'sh people and tongue. . Don Federico. would let no stranger cross his. , threshold'; ":for-: ho had not faith in . tho nfidelity of women, .and my greatygrandmo,tliCT j dared never to speak to any man but hor husband and the priest. Well,] li.e '~died, -"at-:lost,~^a.nd. bis" soon (fuarroUol a^Qgg .thcmsejyes, l! ®nd m.dli&ehj;^the pj^e yfoa soS' -to settle ^theihiquitcAs And dcj$ it happens^ :senpr; !tha£§ this - infimmgo .estate, wfoch,iflt;ouldj,bS mine. jjfi|sefi into" the possession of aliens, and this house,..which-.was-built-to shelter- Bon Eederied's ^descendants • for centuries, stands nowjompty and in ruins. SoVersoh,' with bis arms beliind •himrpaced-slowlyrihronglrthe'rdesortCfl" rooms, ri. iThe"^, walls; wove; Vimiucmkely thick. Each window made an alcove. The ceiling' was-■ broken ^vh'Cre the rpof had leakcch'aiidjtlio, licayy a tiles had'faEpuVtlhbhgli^vj and .patches of sky were visible-hero and there. r i •' Of course. the place..is! liauhted ?" ! Seversoh queried, with a smile; "tlieso ; old houses. ;are 'always, tenanted^by ghosts." ■ i , .'.Mivamonto.smoked- -vehemently for "a iiibwcnt.y! '• Thd' sehpr do<?fc,iipt believe in, ghosts ?" he.asked;:.in- .nOnj conunittal.tdh.es. . \ .:' "AVbU, hardly," answered Severson emphatically; "still—I'd liked to. It wouldmako life hnniphsely interesting.; Do yon?" ■ , "Quien sabe?" murmured .the Spaniard, shrugging his shoulders';."I •could tell of things-—" and lie 'said nothing more.,. Severson extended his explorations, noting, with growing, admiration, the immense solidity of .the . , walls!. .. Be tween two of the inner rooms lie fo.iihd a partition seven feet thick. ... f, "AVhdw ?" he whistled in amaze ment ; "the old don built for all eternity—a seven feet wall I" He struck it admiringly with his doubled list, and, to liis surprise, lie board a faint sound, like falling mor-. tar." • r' ^ ..." " Queer," commented J Severson ; " it can't be very .substantial after all," and lio began to search for tlie defective spot. But, tliougli he exa mined it on every side, tlie wall pre sented an 'unbroken' surfaco.Ho struck it again, and again he heard .the mys terious sound. > "Mirauionte! lip called, . excitedly : ' Miraiiibnte! Come hero 1" '.; ■ "What do j'oti.want?" the Spaniard replied, indolently rising from his seat 011 tlie floor on the farther room. " Come hero'" shouted Seversbii ; "cpiiclc! I've made a discovery. The wall is hollow !" ' Minimontc leaped to join him—not indolent now-—his yellow face suffused, his eyes aflame. ~ . "The money 1"' 'were his; first words. T "Yive ' Dios I-^thb !hiddeji I money. . Severson nodded affirmatively mud gave the wall anollior blow.' "Listen Mirainonte," lie said, "don't youhear the mortar falling inside ? I toll you this wall is hollow. How shall we make, ip hole.?!' .■ . Mirauionte stood transfixed. . ,"I liear. I hear," lie murmured, in ecstasy, as if lie were listening to celestial music. "Now—now, at last it will he found. "I shall bo rich once more. ' -- "Think," urged Severson, impa tiently, " how to get inside. Wo liavo 10 tools." " Tlie roof!" cried tlie Spaniard. ' My knifewith my knife I can ma Ice an opening through, the roof." lustantlv tlie two men ran out into, the placita. Severson stopped to study the i*oof and fix in his mind the location of the inuer room; but.Miva iiionte, carrying his unsheathed hunt ing-knife in his hand aiid trembling with eagerness, began at oucc to clamber over tlie fallen and moulder ing outer walls. 'Be careful! " cautioned So versoii: you'll break through the roof. The tiles are h'cavy; the tides are old and rotten ! • Be careful ! " But the Spaniard scarcely seemed to hear. Kneeling now upon the heavy roof, lie flung the loose tiles aside, and when Sevenson joined him, the was hacking tlie tides and rending the fliongs that bound them together. Severson could hear .him reiterating in Spanish while he worked: "The money—at last—tlie money!"'• Soon a hole was'iiisi.de two fectt ill diameter. Mmmumfc thrust in his head till his shoulders rested upon the roof. Severson saw his body shake and heard liim utter a liideous oath. " It is dark! I can not see!" lie cried' aloud in a fury; " we must make the hole larger! " and he fell madly to work again. - , , . y At last the opening was four feet long. Miramonte's hands were bleed-: iug; his face was smeared with' sweat' and dirt; his eyes shone like smoulder ing coals. The dust which had ac cumulated for a century'.' oV tlie roof, swirled in a'cloud'about them, and it: was impossible to discern anything, below. But gradually the dust setr tied, and slowly—lioiy slowly-.!—the air cleaved; and the two men, ' hiie'ely iug 011 the verge of the oppniug. tlioy had made, gazed down into {he apart ment heneath'them. Tlie Spaniard's face became;,!ashen uuder its grime; his eyes wcrc'.glassy and dull. " Eirgen santissinia!" lio whispered, slowly making tlio sign of the cross; " Mother.ofGod!—Pwhatdo ' I see? Dos Esquelctos!_" ,, ,-v Below them in a 'narrow chamber-!-; a mere coll, not four.feet wide, with out windows sov. doors—on a floor paved wi tli square 'brick tiles, lay two. skeletons, the . skulls resting close | together. ' Looping his lariat around h;rrafter: ' which crossed''ft- .liblti;; in ■; the. roof, j Severson louxl-ed'lmnself iiito tlie cell. Graven in Spanish upon a .tablet,.in the walL he read this legend: "Here, sliiit in a living tomb;.uvitl.i her lover is Don Bederico Mira monte's fuitliless /wife. Accursed! bci lifivsonl." ''I!! ' !'''''.' ' ;, , Tlio old' LalUoslup >» BcUoroplion, ou 1 icard of winch r. Napoleon surrendered tor "Waterloo, is to be'broken'up.'' after 'Wtatcrldo, is to bo! broken up Baron Hirscli has ordered?'tlie.*sale„of his"esthfepf St? Johann and nil his 'pro perty in Austria-Huugaly on account Tof his 'treatment by the Vienna Jockey Club. Tt is pointed , out , thati the common stinging nettles, when they first sprout, fonn an excellent: vegetable. .It: is. said that in taste "tlicy/ resemble, delicate tiirnipfops. ! I An enonuous whale, 7G ft.- long, aud 'weighing about 50.tons, was cupturdd:ou the Lincolnshire coast. The monster got stranded 011 the Humber, and was taken in tow by a steamboat, audancliored ou the beach, where it, proved ,au,. attraction; ,to tile holidiiy makers'. ■ : (The latest thing is la , mirror in t.the glove. AVithbutbciug'"viiin,;: a Svoihan' often finds it necessary to take a p e epat herself.- ; Perhaps she" is hi'the . street, J at! a ball, or at a theatre? .or.in a a shop, and some disarrangement. of her;) toilet': may" occur, so.that a looking-gluts is'uot only a convenience,. but, n, ~_iiecossity., -The want lias long bcen^elt^but'iit is,; only, recently that it; lias been?; supplied. ; A: beautiful little flap is fitted neatly in: the, palm of the hand, so that it- fits over'?a 'small oval mirror. . When Requited, ,th.u 'flap can bo liftbd: up,'"and;;, there:', isrlth'e . . t f t } « t . ; >» i ,r. i.l 1 •. Hiuror. • ; -V;- -i ■■■>'/ J! 