TALES AND SKETCHES. THE PURSUIT OF THE WELL BELOVED. A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT- BY THOMAS HARDY, AUTHOR OF "TESH, OF THE D'UlUIEUVII.I.KS," " Wkssex Tales, " "Tub Wood landers," io., See. Copyright. J PART SECOND.— A YOUNG MAN OF FORTY. Charter XIII.— She Threatens to Resume Corporeal Susstance. The lispings of the sea beneath the cliff, wore all the sounds that readied him, for the quarries wero silent now. How long he sat here loaning and thiuking he did not know. Neither did he know, though ho felt drowsy, wliothcr inexpectant sadness— that gentle soporific— lulled him into a short sleep, so that lie lost count of time and consciousness of realities. But all of a sudden lie seemed to see Avice Curo herself, standing beside her own grave in the light of the moon' She socmod not a year older, not a digit less slender, not a line more angular than when he had parted from her, 20 years earlier, in tho lane hard by. A dim renascent reasoning on tbo impossibility of such a phenomenon as this being more than a dreaui fancy roused him with a start from his heaviness. " I nntst have been asleep," ho said. The outline of the grave was as distinct as bofore be had dozed, but nobody stood there. Yet she had seemed so real, Pearston rcsolutoly. dismissed the strange impression, arguing that even if the information sent him of Avioe's- death should hnve been false— a tiling incredible — that BWect friend of his youth, despite the transfiguring effects of moonlight, would not have looked tho same as she had appeared 19 or 20 years ngo. Having satisfied his sentiment by coming to the graveside, there was nothing more for him to do in the island, and ho decided to return to T.undon tlmt night. But, sumo time remaining atill (in his lisiuls, as soon as he urrlred at the junction of roads, Jucelyn, by n natural in stinct, turned his feet in the direction of East Wake, the village of his birth and hers. Pass ing tho market rquaro lie pursued the arm of road to Dell-i'-tli'-rook Castle, a private mansion of comparatively modem date, in whoso grounds stood the single plantation of ticos of which the isle could boast. The oottages extended close to the wells of tho ouolosnro, slid one of the last of these dwellings had liecn Avire's, in which, ns it was her freehold, she possibly had died. To reaoh it he passed the gates of Dell-i'-th'- rock, and observed abovo the lawn nail a hoard announcing that the house was io be let fur nished. A few steps further revoaletl tho cot tage whiob, with its quaint and massive stono features of two or three centuries' antiquity, was capable oven now of longer resistance to the rasp of Timo than ordinary new erections. His attention was drawn to the window, which was unblimlud, though a lamp lit tho room within. He stepped buck against the wall op posite, and gazed intently. At a table covered with n white cloth a young woman Btood putting tea things away In a corner oupboard. Sho was in all respects the Avicehehad lost, the girl he had seen in the church yard and had fancied to be tho illusion of a dream. And though thcro was this time no doubt about her reality, tho isolation of Iter position in the silont room lent her a ouriously startling aspect. Divining the explanation, ho waited for foot steps, and in a few moments a quarry-man passed him on his journey homeward. l'earston in quired of him concerning the spectacle. "Oil, yc, sir, that's poor Mr. faro's only daughter, mid it must be louely for bcr there to-night, poor maid ! Yea, gootl-now ; she's the very daps of hor mother— that's what everybody says. "Buthowdoos she eome to bo so lonoly? They wero quarry owners at one time." . " The qunrryman " pitohed his nitoii " and ex plained to the supposed stranger that there had been three families thereabouts in tho atone trade, who had got much involved with each other in the lost generation. They were tho Bcnoombs, tho PcarBtens and tho Carol. Tho Bencombs strained their utmost to outlift tho other two, and partially succeeded. They grow enormously rioh, sold out and retired to London. The Pcarstons kept a dogged middle courso, throve without show or noise and also retired in their turn. Tho Caros were pulled completely down in tho competition with tho other two, and when Widow Core's daughter married her cousin J im Cnro, ho tried to rcgnin for the family its original place in tho thrcc-oorncrcd struggle. Ho took contraets at less than he could profit from, speculated moro and more, till at last the crash came and lie was sold up, went away and later on came back to livo in this little cottage, whioh was ldswifo's by inheritance. Thorc lie rcmnined till Ills death, and now his widow was gone. Hardships had helped on her end. The qnarrymnn procoeilcd on his way, and Pearston, deoply remorseful, knocked at tho door of tho minute freehold. The girl herself opened it, lamp in hand. . "Avico!" ho said tenderly; "Avico Carol" oven now unablo to get over tho strango feeling that he was 20 years younger, addressing Avico tho Fiist" "Yob, air," said she. " Ah, your name is the same as your mother s I". "Yes. Both my names. Poor mother marriod her cousin." "And you have lost her now?" "I have, sir." Sho spoko in the very samo sweet voioo that bo had listened to a score of years .before, and bent eyos of the snmo familiar hazel inquiringly upon him. " I knew your mother at one time," ho said ; "and loarning of her death and burial I took tho liberty of calling upon yon. You will for give a stranger doing that?" v "Yes," sho said, dispassionately, and, glanc ing round the room: "this was mother's own house, and now it is mine. Ism sorry, riot to be in mourning oil the night of her funeral, but I have just been to put somo dowers on bcr grave, and I took it off afore going that tho damn mid not spoil the orape. You see, sho wits bad a long time, nnd I have to bo careful, and do washing aud ironing for a living. She hurt her side witli wringing up the large sheets she had to wash for theoastlc folks here." " I hope you won't hurt yourself doing it, my denr." " Oh no, that I shan't ! There's Cliarl Wool- lat, and Sammy Wnyen, mid Tcrl Gibsoy, and lots o' young chaps ; they'll wring anything for me if they happen to ooino along. But I can hardly trust 'cm. Sam Waycs t'other day twisted a linen tnblecloth iuto two pieoes, for all the world as if it had liocn a pipcllght. Tlicy nevor know when to stop in their wringing.". Tiie voico truly wss his Avicc's ; hut Avico the Second was inoro matter of fact, uureilcot- ing, less cultivated than her mother had been. This Avion wn»1dTinvprrflmti»i,rti»r.rvfrniY, any platform, local or other, with cnthu.siantio appreciation of its fire. There was a little dis appointment in recognising this ; yet she touched him as few had done ; he could not bear to go away. " How old are you V" he asked. "Going in nineteen." It was about the age of iter double, Avice tho First, when lie and she hod strolled together ovor the cliifs during the engagement. But lie was now forty, if a day.' She before him was an uned nested laundress, and he wob a sculptor with a fortune and a reputation. Yet why was it an unpleasant sensation to him jnst then to recollect that he was two score? He could find no further cxausc for rcmainiug, aud having still liulf an hour to spare, he went round by tho road to the west side of tiro modern oastlc, and onme to tho last bouse out thorc on the cliff. It was his early home. Used in the summer as a lodging house for visitors, it now stood empty and silent, the evening wind sway ing the euonymtis and tamarisk boughs in the front — the only evergreen shrubs that could weather the salt sea gales which raked past the walls. Opposite the house, far out at sen, the familiar light ship winked from the sand bank, and ail at once there came to him a wild wish — that, instead of having an artist's reputa tion, lie could be living here an illiterate and unknown man, wooing, and in a fair way of winning, tho pretty laundress in the cottage hard by. Chapter XIV.— The Resumption Takes Place. Having returned to London, he meehanioally resumed his customary life ; but he was not really living there. Tho phantom of Avice, now grown to he warm flesh nnd blood, held his mind afar. He thought of nothing but tho isle, and Avieo tho Second dwelling therein. The very defects in the couutry gill became charms as viewed from town. Nothing now pleased him so miioh as to spend that portion of the afternoon which he devoted to ouldoorcxcrcise in haunting the purlieus of tho wharves along the Thames, where the atone of his native isle was unshipped from the coast ing craft that hail brought it thither. He would pass inside the great gates of these landing | places on the right or lel't bank, anil contem plate the white cubes and oblongs, imbibe their associations, call up the i/cnius loci whence they came, and almost forgot that he was in London. One afternoon he was walking away from the mud kplaslicd entrance to one of the wharves, when his attention was drawn to a female form ou the 'opposite side of tho way, going towards the spot he had just left. She was somewhat small, slight end graceful; her attire alone would have been enough to attract him, beiog simple and countrified to pioturesquenoss ; but he was more than attracted 1 y her strong resemblance to Avico Caro. Before siie Imd receded a hundred yardB ha felt absolutely certain that it was Avice iudoed ; anil his dreamy, fanciful mood of the afternoon was now so intense that the lost and tho found Avice sremed essentially the same person. Their external likeness to each olbor— probably owing to the cousinsliip between the elder and her husband— went far to nourish the fantasy. He hastily turned, and rediscovered the girl among tho pedestrians. She Icept on her way to the wharf, where, looking inquiringly around Iter for a tew seconds, with tho manner of ono un accustomed to the locality, she opened the gate and disappeared. l'earston also went up to the gate aud en tered. She had crossed to the landing plaee, beyond which a lumpy craft lay moored. Drawing nearer, be discovered her to be engaged in conversation with tho skipper and an elderly woman— both corao straight from the onlitie islo, as was apparent in a moment from their accent. Fcarston felt no hesitation in making himself known ns a native, the ruptured engage ment between Avice's mother nnd himself 20 yoars before having beon known to fow or uono now living. Tho present embodiment of Avioe recognised Iiirn, and with the artless candor of hoi- raco and years explnliiod the situation, that was rather ids duty as an intruder than hers. " This is Cap'n ICibbs, a distant relative of poor father's," Bho said, " And this is Mrs. Kibbs. We've eome up from the island wi'cu just for a trip, and are goiug to sail baok wi'en Wednesday." " O, I soo ! And where are you staying ?" "Here— on board." "What, yon livo on board onlircly?" "Yes." "Lord, sir," broke in Mrs. Kibbs, "I should be nfcard o' my life to tine my eyes among theso hore kimberlins at night timo ; nnd even by dny, if so bo I venture into tho strcots, I nowhon for got how many turnings to tho right and to tho loft 'tis to got baok to Ike's vessel— do I, Ike ?" Tho skipper nodded confirmation. "You are safer ashore than afloat," said Pearston, "especially in the Channel, with Ihooo winds anil those heavy blocks of atone." "Woll," snid Cnp'n Kibbs, nfter privately clearing something from his mouth, "as to tho winds, there iddon much danger in them at this time o' year. "Tis tho oconn bound stenmora that mako tho risk to oraft like ours. If you happon to bo in their courso, under yon go — cut elnno iu two pieees, and they never stopping to pick up your carcases, and nobody to tell tho tale. " Pearston turnod to Avico, wanting to say mtioh to her, yet not knowing what to say. He lamely remarked at last : " You go baok tho same way, Avico ?" " Yes, sir." " Well, tako oaro of yourself afloat." "Oycs." " I hope— I may'soo you again soon— and talk to you." "I hoposo, sir." He could not get further, and after a while Pearston loft them, and went away thinking of Avice more than over. The next day ho mentally timed them down the river, allowing for the pause to take in kal- Inst, nnd on tho Wednesday pietiired tho sail down tho open sea. That night lie. thought of tiie little oraft undor the bows of the huge steam vessols, powerless to make itsolf seen or heard, and Avice, now growing inexpressively dear, sleeping in hor little berth at the mercy of a thousand chance ontastrophos. Honest perception had told him that this Avioe, fairer than her mother in face and form, was her inferior in soul and : understanding. Yet the fervor which tho first could liover kindle in him was, almost to. his alarm, burning up now. Ho began to havo misgivings ns to somo qucor triok that his migratory Well Beloved was about to piny hm. A gigantic satire upon the mutations of his nympholopsy during the post 20 years aeemod looming iu the distance. A forsaking of the ac complished and well.oonnccted Mrs. Pine-Avon for tho little laundress, undor the traction of some mystic msgnot. whioh had nothing to do with reason — suroly that was the form of the satire. But it was reoklessly 'ploasant to leave this suspicion unrecognised as yet and follow tho lead. In thinking how best to do this Pearston re collected that, as was customary when the sum mer timo approached, Dell-i'-th'- rock Cnstlc had been advertised for letting furnished. A soli tary dreamer like himself, whose wants all lay in an artlstio and ideal direction, did not require ftllflh miinfc nrpnmmndftMnn na tfm nfnrnaniil met. deuce offered ; but the spot was all, and tho expenses of n few months of tonanoy therein he oould well afford. A letter to the agent was despatched that night, and in a few days Jocelyn found himself the temporary possessor of a plaoe whioh lie had nover seen the inside of since his childhood, and had then doemed tho abode of unpleasant ghosts. Chapter XV.— The Past Siiine3 in the Present. It was the evening of Poarston's arrival at Dell-i'-tli'-rook Castle, an ordinary manor house on tho brink of the sea ; and lie had walked through tho rooms, about the lawn and into the surrounding plantation of elms, which on this island of treeless rook lent a unique character to tbo enclosure. To find other trees thereon it was necessary to recede A little in time— to dig down to a loose stratum of the underlying stone bedB, where a forest of conifers lay as petiifao- tions, their heads all in one direction, as blown down by a galo in tho secondary geologic epoch. Dusk had olosod in, and lie now proceeded with what was, after all, the real business of bis sojourn. Tho two servants who had been left to take osrc of the houso were in ttieir own quarters, aud he went out unobserved. Crossing a hollow ovorkung by the budding boughs, lie approached an empty garden houso of Eliza bethan design, which stood on the outer wait of the giounds, and commanded by a window the fronts of the noarcst cottages. Among them was the bomo of the resuscitated Avice. He bad chosen this moment for his outlook through knowing that the inhabitants of tho village were in no hurry to pull down their blinds at nightfall. And as lie had divined, the interior of the young woman's living room was distinctly visible to him as illuminated by tho rays of its own lamp. A subdued thumping came every now and then from the apartment. She was ironing linen on a flannel tablecloth, a row of such artiolcs banging on a clothos horse by the fire. Her face hail been pale when ho formerly encountered her, but now it was warm and pink with her exertions and tho heat of the stove. Yet it was in pet-feat anil passionless repose, whioh imparted a Minerva cast to tbo profile. When she glanced up her lineaments seemed to havo all the soul and lioait that had character- ised her mother s, and had been with her a true index of the spirit within. Could it be possible that in this case the manifestation was fic titious ? He hail met with many such examples of hereditary persistence without the qualities signified by the traits. He unconsciously hoped that it was at least not entirely so here. The room was less furnished than when ho had last beheld it. The "bo-fet," or double oorner cupboard, where the china was formerly kept, had disappeared, its place being taken by a plain board. The tall old clock, with its ancient oak carcase, arched brow and humorous mouth, was also not to be seen, a cheap, white dialled spceimen doing its work. What these displacements betokened saddened hie Immauity less than it cheered his primitive instinct in pointing out how her neoessity for aid might bring tlicin together. Having fixed himself near her for some lengthy time ho felt in no hurry to obtrude his presonoe, and wont indoors. That this girl's frame was doomed to be in a real embodiment of that olden, seduotive one — that Protean dream creatine, who had never seen fit to irradiate tho mother's image till it became a mere memory after dissolution— ho doubted less every moment. There was still an uneasiness in recognising this. There was something abnormal in his present proclivity, A certain sanity hail, after all, accompanied his former passions; the Beloved had seldom informed a personality which, while enrapturing his soul, simul taneously shocked his intellect. A change, per haps, had come. It was a fine morning on tho morrow. Walk ing in the gi-ounds towards the gate ho saw Avioe ontering to the houso witli a broad oval wicker buskot covorcd witli a white cloth ; and site bore her burden round to tho baok door. Of oourse, she washed for his own household ; ho had not thought of that. In tho morning oun- light alio appeared rather ns a sylph than as a washerwoman ; and ho could not but think that the slightuess of her figure was as ill adapted to this occupation as her mother's had beon. . But, after all, it was not tho washerwoman that ho saw now. In front o I her, on tho surface of her, was shining out that more real, more penetrating being whom ho know so well I Tho occupation of tho euhsorving woman, the blemishes of the temporary oreaturo who formed tho background, wero of no more account in the presentation than tho posts and framework whioh support a pyrotechnic display. She loft tho irouse and went homeward by a path of which he was not aware, having prob ably changed her route because Bhe had seen him standing there. It meant nothing, for she had hardly become acquainted with him ; yet that she Bhould have avoided him was a new experience. Ho found no opportunity for a further study ot her by distant observation, and lilt upon a pretext for bringing her face to faoo with him. Ho found fault with his linen, and directed that the laundress should bo sent for. "She is rather young, poor little thing !" said the housemaid, apologetically. "But since her mothor's death sno lias enough to do to keep abovo water, nnd we inako shift with her. But I'll tell hor, sir." " I will see hor myself. Send her in when sho comes," said Poarston. One morning, accordingly, when he was answering a spiteful critioism of a Into work of bis, ho was told that sho waited his pleasure iu the hall. He went oat. "About the washing." said tho sculptor, stiffly. " I am a partioular person, and I wish no preparation of lime to be used." ' I didn't know folks used it," replied the maiden, in a shy and reserved tone, without looking at him. "That's all right. And then the mangling smashes the buttons." " I haven't got a mangle, sir," sho murmured. " Ail I that's satisfactory. And I object to so much borax in the starch." "I never. put any— never heard o't," Avico returned iu the same elose way. "Oh, I see." . ; ; All tliiH timo Pearston was thinking of the "girl— that is to say, nature was working hor plans for prodiioing the noxt generation undor the cloak of a dialogue on linen. He could not read her.individual character owing to the con fusing effect of her likeness to a woman whom lie had valued too late. Ho could not help see ing in her.nll that lie knew of another, and veil ing in hor nil that did not harmonise with his 8onse of metempsychosis. Tho girl seemed to think of nothing but the businais in hand. She answered to tho point, and was not awnro of his sex or of his shape. . " I know your mother, Avice," he said. "You remember my telling you so V" "Yes." "Woll, I have taken this house for two or three months, and you will he very useful to me. You still livo just outside tho wait ?" " Yes, sir," said the self contained girl. Demurely and dispassionately she turned to leave— this pretty oreatmo with features so still. There was something strange in seeing tlmt form which ho knew passing wail movo oil thus, sho who was in past years so throbbingly alive spot, she imd flung her arms tenderly round him and given him a kiss whioh, despised in its freshness, had revived in him latterly as tho dearest kiss of all his life. And uow this " daps " of her mother, this perfect copy, why did she turn away ? "Your mother was a refined and well in formed woman, I think I remember?" "She was, sir ; everybody says so." " I hope you resemble her." She archly shook hor head, and drew warily away. "Oh! one thing more, Avico. I have, not brought much linen, so you must come to the houso every day." "Very good, sir." "You won't forget that?" "Oh no." Theu he let her go. He was n town man, and she an artless islander, yet ho had opened him self out without disturbing the epidcrm of her nature. It was monstrous that a maiden who had literally assumed the personality of the woman iio loved with such tender memory should ho so impervious. Perhaps it was he who was wanting. She might be Venus mask ing as Minerva, because he was so many years older in outward show. This brought him to the root of it. In Ills heart he was not a day older than whon lie had wooed the mother at the daughter's present age. His record moved on with the years, his senti ment s stood still. AVhctt he beheld the class of his fellow sub- jeetsdefinedas buffers and fogies — imperturbable, matter of fnct, slightly ridiculous beings, past masters iu the art of populating homes, schools and oollcges nnd present adepts in the scienco of' givingaway bridos— how he envied them, assuming them to feel as tlicy appeared to feel, with their commerce and their politics, their glassos nnd their pipes. Tlicy had got past tho distracting currents of passionateuoss and woaring tho calm waters of midillo aged philosophy. But ho, their contemporary almost, was tossed like a cork hither and thither upon the crest of every fancy, preoisely as lie hnd beon tossed when he was half his present age, with the added condition now of double pain to himself. Avice liad gone, and he saw her no more that day. Since lie could not again call upon her, she was as inaccessible as if she had entored tho military citadel on the hilltop beyond thom. In the evening lie went out ana pacea aown tho lane to tiie Ited King's castle, beside whose ago the castle ho occupied was but a thing of yesterday. Below the castle prcoipice lay enormous blocks which had fallen from it, and several of thom were carved over with names and initinls. He knew the spot and the old trick well, nnd by (.enrolling iu the faint moon rays ho found a pair of such names which, as an ambitious boy, iio hinisolf Imd cut. They were "Avice " and "Jocelyn "—Avice Caro's and ids own. The lei tors wero now noarly worn away by tho weather and the brine. But alose by, in quite fresh letters, stood another "Avieo," coupled with the namo " George." Tlicy could not have been there more than two or three years, anil the "Avioe" was probably Avioe tho Second. Who was George ? Somo boy admirer of hor child time, doubtless. Ho retracod his stops, and passed the Caros' house towards his own. The revivified Avico nuimated the dwelling, and the light within the room fell upon tho window. She was just in side that blind. Whenever alio unexpectedly came to the castle ho started and eveu trembled. It was. notat her presence, but at the new condition, whioh seemed to have something sinister in it. On the other hand, tho most abrupt encounter with him moved bcr tu no emotion as it Imd moved her prototype in the old days. She was indifferent to, almost unconsoious of, hit propinquity. He was no moro than a statue to her ; she was a growing fire to him. A sudden sapphio terror of love would oror and anon come upon tho sculptor, when his matured reasoning powers would insist upon in- forming him of the fearful lapse of dignity that lay in this infatuation. It throw him into a sweat. What if now, at last, lie wore doomed to do penanco for his past emotional wanderings (iu a material sense), by boing chained in fatal fidelity to an objcot that his intcliaot despised ? Sometimes ho thought he saw dimly vlsioncd in that young lace "tho white, implaoable Aphrodite." However, the Woll Beloved was alive again ; had keen lost nnd was found. He was amazed at the change of front in himsolf. She hod worn the guiso of a strango woman ; sho bad been a woman of evory class, from tho dignified daughter of somo ecclesiastic or peer to a Nubian Almek with her hnndkerohlefs undulating to the beating of tho tom-tom ; hut all those embodi ments had boon endowed with a certain smart ness, either of the flesh or spirit; somo with wit, a fow with talent, and oven genius. But the new impersonation had apparently nothing beyond sox and pretcincss. Hlio know not how to sport a fan or handkerchief, hardly how to pull on a glove. But her limited life was innocent, end that went far. Poor littlo Avioe, her mothor's image, there it all lny. After all, her parentage was as good as his own ; it was misfortune that had sent her down to this. Odd as it seemed to him, her limitations were largely what lie loved her for. Her rejuvenating power ovor him had ineffable charm. He felt as lie had felt when standing beside her predecessor ; but alas, ho wbb 20 years further onward into the sliado. Chapter XVI.— The New Becomes Estadlisued. A few mornings later Iio was looking through an uppor back window over a screened part of the garden. Tho door beneath him opened, nnd a. figure appeared tripping forth. She went round out of sight up whore llie gardener was at work, and presently returned witli a hunch of green stuff fluttering in each hand. It was Avici", her dnrlt hair now braided up snugly under a cap. She sailed on with a rapt anil un- aonscious face, hor thoughts a thousand removes from him. How alio hod suddeuiy oomo to be an inmate of his own houso he could not understand, till he recalled tho Tact tlmt he had given the custlo servants a wltoio holiday to attend a review of the yeomanry in the watering plaoo over tho bay, on their stating tlmt they could provide a temporary substitute to stay in the house. They had evidently called in Avice. To his great pleasure lie discovered their opinion of his re quirements to be suoli a mean one that they bad called in no ono else. Tho spirit, as she seemed to him, brought his lunch into the room where Iio wns writing, and he beheld her uncover it. She weut to a window to adjust a blind which had slipped, and lie had a good view of hor profile. It was not unlike that of one of tho three goddesses in Ruben's Judgment ot Paris , and in contour was nigh perfection. But it wns in her full face i hat the vision of her mother was mOBt apparent. "Did you ooolc ail this, Avieo ?" he asked, arousing himself. She turned and smiled, merely murmuring, " Yes, sir." Well lie knew the arrangement of those white teeth! In the junetion of two of the upjiec ones there was a slight irregulnrity ; no stranger would havo notioed it, hor would lie, but tlmt he knew of the same mark in her mothor's mouth, and looked for it here. Till Avice the Second Mitu luvvuivu iii uua iuimieui/ uy iter tmmu, uv had never beheld that mark Bince the parting from Avice theFirst, when she had smiled under his kiss, as the copy had dono now. Next morning, when dressing, he heard her through tho riekcty floor of tho old building engaged in ounversation witli the other servants who had como back, though sho had not gone. By this time she had regularly installed her self in his licnrt ns the new exponent of tho Long Beloved, as one who, by no initiative of hill own, imd been chosen as the vehiclo of her next diSliut. He was struck with the exquisite cadences of her voice rather than by its tons ; she would suddenly drop it to a rioh whisper of roguishnoss, when the slight rural monotony of its narrative speech disappeared, aud soul auil heart— or what seemed soul and heart— resounded. The charm lay in the intervals, using that word in its musical sense. She would say a few syllables in one note, and end her scntenco in a soft modulation upwards, then downwardB, then into her own note again. Tho curve of sound was as artistic as any line of beauty ever struck by the pencil— as satisfying ns the curves of her who was tho World'o Desire. The subject of her discourse lie cared nothing about— it was no more his intorest than his con cern. Ho took special pains that in catching Iter voiee he might not comprehend her words. To the tone ho had a right, none to the articu lations. By degrees he could not exist long with; out this sound. On Sunday avening he found that sho weot to church. Ho followed behind her over tho open road, keeping his eye on the little lmt with its kunoli of cock's feathers as on a star. When she had passed in, Pearston observed hor position and took a seat behind ber. Engaged in tho study, of her ear and the napa of her white neck, he suddenly became aware of the presence of a lady still farther ahead in the aisle, whose attire, though of black material in the quietest form, was of a cut which rather suggested London than this Ultima Thulc. For tiie minute he forgot, in his curiosity tlmt Avieo iutervened. The lady turned her head some what, and though sho was veiled with unusual thickness for the season, he seemed to recoguies Mrs. Pine- Avon in the form. to re continued. 