DIRAIEATIC AND tMUSICAL. NOTES. (BD TOUCHISTONE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 150. THEATRE ROYAL. MonDAY, MAnco 7, 1870. GRAND OPENING NIGHT. La Feuillarde's ROYAL OPERA COMIQUE AND WESTON'S MINSTRELS, The monster organisation of the nineteenth century, composed-of the CIRESME DE LA CREME Of the profession, whose entertainments have been overywhere received with demon,trations of approval and delight. Mr N. La Feuillade .,. MrT. Buckley ir D). Warren ... ...Mr Horace Letville Mr Henry Holmes ... Mr A. Williams Mr T. Robins ... ... Master T. Allen MR A. WATSON, A new era in Negroic Minstrelsy. Farce. Burlesque. Operetta. PROGRAMME PART i. Overture, T Young America' Full B:nd Opening Chorus, 'Joy, Joy, Free dom to-day' ... ... ... Company Ballad, ' Write me a Letter from Home' ......Mr Horace Letville Song and Chorus, ' Marching Through Georgia . Mr D. Warren and Company Ballad, ' She Whispers of Home' Mr H. Holmes Comic song, ' Sweet Isabella' S Mr Tom Buckley Ballad, 'Norah O'Neil' Master James Allen Medley... ... ... ... Company SPrAT II. 'Flying Squadron Galop' (musio by N. La Feuillade)... ... ...Band 'Golden Shoe Dance' Messrs Buckley and Warren Ballad (selected)... .. ..Mr Holmes Violin Solo on Scotch Aire..... . Mr La Feuillade ' Nicodemus Johnson' ... Mr Tom Buckley Duet ... ... Mesris Holmes and Letville FARC¢ THE GHOST IN A PAWNSHOP. Charaeters-Meesrs La Feuilladeo, Buckley, and Warrdn., Song, ... ... . ... Mr Letville To conblaUe with a laughable EXTRAVAGANZA AND PLANTATION WALK ROHND M'Lean's 'Young Australians' com menced a season, at the Hobart Theatre Royal on Monday evening, with a produc tion of the burlesque of ' Selium and Zuleika.' Mr Charles Taylor,of the Taylor-Carring. ton Dramatic Company, contemplates a visit to Launceston during December. Bland Holt contemplates another New Zealand tour shortly. Messrs Williamson and Musgrove are likely,it is understood, to resume their old partnership in September,- when Mr Mus grove's present'arrangements at the Opera House will come to an end. . Messrs Brough and Boucicault's .lease of the Criterion Theatre in Sydney has c·. pired. The headquarters of the firm will be permanently located in Melbourne, but a strong contingent of the company will go to New Zealand. Mr Alfred Dampier is to be accorded a complimentary benefit in Melbourne this afternoon. The following are the attractions at present offered at the leading Melbourne and Sydney theatres:- Melbourne - Royal, ' Bells of Haslemero;' Princess's, Royeal. Italian Opera Company and Signor Foli; Bijou, ' The Arabian Nights;' Opera Hodise, London Gaiety Company, ' Joan of Arc.' Sydney-Her Majesty's, William son's Comic Opera Company; Criterion, Mrs Bernard-aeere and Company; Garrick, Mr Walter Bentley and Shakesperian com pany; Opera House, Mr J. R. Grev'ille and Company in 'The Whirligig.' The Opera House; York-street, Sydney, has been renovated, and is now under the management of Mr George Forbes. `When Mr Boucicault was rehearsing 'Engaged,' (remarks a Sydney journal) it was with great misgivingt that the first night.was viewed. The actors did not feel sure that the audience would understand the piece. It is, of course, seriously played; and it is left to the spectators to take it all as pure fun and laughable burlesque. Hence the anxiety behind the footlights. How keenly the joke was appreciated, however, let those say who have been at the Criterion Theatre these last three nights past. The laughter has been con tinuous; and the success of the production has never been for an instant in doubt. The case was quite otherwise when the farcical comedy was first played at the Haymarket Theatre, on 3rd October, 1877. The audience laughed uneasily, with timid looks from each to either, as when Mdme Bernhardt's low comedian says something (in French !) which no one feels sure of ; and even some of the critics seem to have mounted stilts before they reviewed this delightful piece of "precious" nonsense. One writer in a leading London journal begins thus:--"No human action is governed by a single motive. More than one concurs in producing the simplest de termination of the human mind. Thus in the sublimest exhibition of the affections there is an alloy which qualifies the fine gold of sentiment, and worldly interests enter into the calculations of the least selfish."- "This is what Mr . Gilbert has shown in'Engaged,'" continues the writer, and it need scarcely be added after such an appalling introduction, that ]ater on occurs the remark, "we have no sympathy with the so-called comedy, which should be called a satire, and even then would exceed the truth." To those who really know the comedy,and who "sympathire" with it to the extent of being vastly tickled by the whimsical absurdities of the characters,tlhe above piece of serious criticism is as good as a page from Punch. In the Hay market production Mr George Honey was Cheviot Hill, an'd when the piece was revived at the Court Theatre in November, 1881, though this actor was absent, Mr Kyrle Bellow, Miss Marion Terry, and Miss Emily T'horne, of the original cast, were again in their old parts. "Engaged" suites Mir Boucicault's company admirably, and our audiences seoom to catch the Oilbertian humour just as it should be caught, on the wing.' Mr Howe, the veteran Lyceum actor, has just reached his 80th year. He is the oldest actor upon the Englsh stage, and for many years has been associated with all Mr Irving's productions. ' Henry VIII.' remains in full swing at the London Lyceum, and Mr Irving bhas again' struck oil.' He has added another to his already overflowing list of triumphs, both in regard to production and brilliant acting. The Charrington season at the Avenue Theatre,London,seems to have begun in. auspiciously, for at the end of the first week Miss Janet Aehurch broke down, and 'a short rest was imperatively ordered.' Miss Roge Norreys, who had played the past during Miss Achurch's absence in Aus tralia; took her place. ' Forget Me Not' is announced to be in rehearsal ; and accord ing to the Whitehall Review Mr Charring ton intends to stage Ibsen's drama ' The Wild Duck.' The cast of Mr Bellow's play, ' Hero and Leander,' to be seen for the first time in England at Manchester, is a very strong one (says the London Daily Tclegraph). It will be as follows : - Hero, Mrs Brown Potter ; Ianthe, Mies Edith Chester; Zoo, Miss Kathlcon Deno; Mets, Miss Lina Dene; a Pricnt of Aphrodite, Mr ,Bassett Roe; Naukleros, Mr Yorke Stephens; and Leander, Mr Kyrle Bellow. The scene is laid in Sestos and Abydos. In W. S. Gilbert's travesty on ' Hamlet,' now revived at the Court Theatre, London, as 'Rosencrantz and Guildenatern,' the Prince is banished for performing a full act tragedy perpetrated by his royal father. When Hamlet offers Rosencrantz the pipe, the latter plays a sailor's hbornpipe upon it; and latsr the First Player rebukes the princely amateir for daring to instruct professionals. The -little burlesque is' re ceived'with roars bf laughter. 'Signor Foll has bern singing in Adelaide and on Wednesday made his appearance at the Melbourne Princess's TheatreA.A Vic. torian journal says:-' Signor Foli is.Gft 4in high, of a military bearing and a digni fied aspect. His voice is as big as he is, and bigger. It is the biggest voice new before the public, and it .is as md:odious and well trained as it is powerful and sonorous. He has several exeollent artists with him, also a brilliant and expressive pianist. Mr Leumaine and Mr Barker are already well known here, and are highly appreciated. It is a treat to hear such a singer as Foll sing "The Monk," or j,,in in the fine " Love and War" duet with Mr Harley.' By the last San Fransisco mail I received several American papers containing lengthy notices of Ovide Musin, who is described as one of the world's greatest violinists. Musin is now, I understand, in Australia, and will in all probability visit Tasmania. The talented violinist is described as a ' man of medium height, 5 with full, ruddy face, noticeably large i eyes, and hair and beard slightly tinged with grey. His physique is that of an athlete, one that time itself would seem e almost powerless to weaken. lie is one of 8 the most delightful comrades, ever buoyant a of expectation, and happy in the present. This personal intensity enters into his playing, and Musin with the violin upon his shoulder is another person than Musis separated from the instrument which seems to inspire him. Like most great a musicians. his talent manifested itself at an early age. He won the first prize at the Conservatoire at Leige when only eleven years of age. Mean e while, his father endeavoured to persuale him to abandon music as a profession, but this was impossible. The boy rapidly y developed a musical talent which is only born of genius. [n 1870, Leonard, the celebrated violin player and composer, having heard Musin, was so well pleased with him that he tried, and succeeded, in a persuading his parents to let him choose the career of an artist, and from that time to the present his progress has been a succession of triumphs and ovations both on the Continent of Europe and inAmerica. Musin brings with him a very well-known Americansongstress-Annie LouiseTanner. n This prima donna has had and is having a a notable career. As a child, I am told, she composed and sang with her sister two-part e songs,which greatly.nstonished and pleased y her elders. During her early vocal studies, e her first teacher was James Nuno, of New York. Shi sang contralto, and frequently recited thrilling poems. Upon this it was predicted that she would become a dra matio contralto. Wish ulso the voice was found to have a rich mezzo quality. Then she sang pure soprano, and her reputation rests upon the possession of a florid soprano with phenomenal range. It is now in h lr power to sing with full volume any song written for the female voice, from the highest to the lowest. Because there is the greatest demand for the florid style of work, and because the greatest skill is re quired in producing such tones, she con fines herself to that voice in public singing. At the Lyric, London, Gilbert and Cel lier's ' Mountebanks' has reached its 100th performance with no diminution among its audiences. This seems likely to eclipseeven the phenomenal run of 'Dorothy.' 