EXPLANATION OF GHOSTS. In the course of a leoture which Mrs. Annie Beaant lately delivered at Milton Hall, KVhtish-town, . London, dealing with the subject of apparitions, Bhe said that what science meant in talking of ether was what the theosophist meant when he spoke of "astral" matter, only in the one case it had been subjected to experiments and was under stood, while in the other case the experiments were of the most elementary characcar; and, although most promising for the future, they were not yot very reliable in the explanation o' certain curious and abnormal phenomena. Now they got a number of apparitions which had this common characteristic—they were unconscious. A person awoke and saw a form which said nothing except stand there. It generally looked some what mournful and disconsolate, and speedily disappeared. This was a most unsatisfactory kind of thing, afforded no explanation of its presence, and there was nothing to show why it came. The person who saw it was not quite sure whether it was real or fanciful, was not quite Eure whether he himself wa3 awake or asleep. The apparition appeared at night, frightened him for a moment, and the next moment it was gone. This kind of apparition was nothing more than what theosophy described as a picture or revelation in the astral light. The modus operandi was this. There was an intense thought in the mind of some person. That thought was a real energy, a real force, quite as real as electricity. It was quite as real as an electric force that could be sent through space, and it was not without significance that whenever they got thought action they got electrical action. Their medical man would tell them that, when there was thought in connection with the brain, ; there was electrical action in connection with ; the brain. When they thought intensely on I the physical plane they set free electricity, and, j on the astral plane, they set up a current • through this astral matter or ether. They thought intensely of a person, and the current set up in astral matter or ether went in the direction of that person as certainly as they could send a current along a wire, when they wished it to reach a distant town. This sec of etheral vibrations, ■ reaching the person who was intensified in their thought, affected the jierson by the same medium, and in some cases appeared as an oh- ! jeetive reality. In very many cases only as a . mental impression was the person thought of. : What were the conditions under which this : unconscious picture was produced? It was constantly produced where a person was dying, j and where the dying person was exceedingly desirous of seeing some absent friend or rela- : tive. It most often happened between those : closely united by ties ot blood or of affection, j Most of these astral pictures were between close relatives or close friends, and the evidence ; was, to her mind, indubitable that such occur- < lences did take place, for they might find, over and over again, instances in which the person seeing the apparition had made a note at the time of the day, the hour, and the place ; and it had been subsequently found that at that precise time a friend had passed through the change men called "death;" and that the news which was thus carried by these astral vibrations was news as true and a3 real as though it were flashed along the electrical wire. I 