THROUGH DARKNESS TO DAWN. "Ah!" The exclamation was a gasp of terror; she stood near her husband's chair, and she raised one hand against the man tl-shelf as though for steadiness. Mr. turned calmly towards their gupat. 1 “A week or two ago,” he explained “ a ohequ'J signed in ray name, and certainly not signed by me, was presented ' at the bank and cashed. I’ve boon a fortnight trying to find the gifted penman.” ‘‘And you have succeeded 1” questioned George. “Yes. My wife’s young brother has, I find, added the art of forgery to his. list of accomplishments.”- A moment’s terrible silence. Marjory made no sound, or movement ; she stood with parted lips and terror-stricken eyes watching her husband’s face. , “He is very young," George Ferrers I ventured at last. “Yes—young enough to be reformed, perhaps by a good long term of penal { servitude.” A little cry so low os to bo scarcely audible, broke from Marjory, George Ferrers looked with a quick glance from her to Mr. Vdysey. “You will not prosecute 1 You cannot moan t ) do that I 1 ' ho exclaimed. ?‘That depends," was the alow reply. He looked up at his 'wife as ho spoke, and his eyes evidently conveyed his mean ing to her. Her hand fell from the mantel piece; her fingers met and locked them* selves together before her. George’s, heart burned within him as’Ira read the express ion of hopeleis misery upon her face, \- “My wife understands me ; don’t you Marjory ?” She was silent; her white lips' moved, but no sound came. 1 “Do you underhand me; or do„ you not?'’ he asked, addressing her. “Y—yes," she answered faintly. ,j"But our cousin George is looking mystified ;wo will explain to him,” added Mr, Yeysey, his grim lips smiling ; and Marjory’s pale facesuddenly grew crimson and she stood with down bent head,'a picture of humiliation. “My wife is young andyoungpeoplo sometimes need reproof,” 'Mr. Yeysey wont on. “I’m not one of those who will argue with a women for a week ; what I shy is to bo done I moiin to havo done. I raian to have obedience, prompt and cheerful obedience, obedience, withobt a question; and if I don’t get it —-well, I am the stronger of the two, and she’s likely to regret her obstinacy, that’s al|. My wife, however, Ims new-fashioned ideas of indopoadeno t ‘; she dosen’t take correction meekly ; once or twice we ha’vo had a scene. Now, Louis Linden is no thing to me—absolutely nothing—less than nothing. My however, pretends to 1 bo fond of him. How strong the affect ion remains to be proved. As I say, his ;fate shall depend on that, shall depend on her. As long as I have nothing in her to cojaplaih of, Louis shall bo safe; but the next time wo have a domestic scene Louis will. forthwi'h mako_ acquaintance with the inside of a prison ” ,With an effort,George Ferrers restrain ed the wrathful speech that rose to his lips. Marjory had turned away. It was not uniil she had left the room, and the door had closed behind her, that bespoke. Tijeu he rose and faced her husband. “You brute!” he cried, in a low voice, that vibrated with the passion he was trying to restrain. Charles Veyaey rose, too, Planting his feet .firmly on the hearthrug, and leaning his broad, square shoulders against the mantelshelf, ho pat bis hands in his pockets, and looked with a grim but well pleased smile into the passionate face that frowned at him. •“You brute 1 you coward !”, the young fellow quietly repeated. “Look here ; don’t call me names; listen to my version of the story. I was cheated into marrying that woman; and 1 mean to make her pay for the fraud that .was practised on me. She’s mine; one may do what one will with one’s own; I’ve a hold over her, too, in the shape of that young scamp q£ a brother-of hot’s and 1 mean to use ray power.” “If you ill- ura her you shall answer for it.” “Shall I ?<To whom 1-to you I I find .it a peasant pastime in- the evenings to ad dress myself to breaking the spirit of that, yonng woman, ,hlra’s a good deal meeker than she was; She isn’t as meek, though, by a long way, as she will b -.” , Mr. Yt-ysey laughed. Without q word, George Ferrers turned his back on him and strode from the room. * CHAPTER JX. Marjory, \yhat in the world is the mat ter with you ?” (“Nothing, Sally.” ,But the cheerful reply came with a hdavy effort; it by no moans convinced the hearer. are you wolching like that at the window 1 You’re as pale as a ghost ; you start at the slightest sound.” ,“I am—ra little worried,” Marjory con fessed, turning her pale face, and ing back her hair from her brow with a weary band. “What about?” f Marjory hesitated. “Nothing that I can toll you,” she answered after a pauso. “Has Charles been horrid—as usual T' “Sally, you mustn't speak of him to me in that way.” ' “Why nob?” “Ho is my husband; I cannot let you.” Sally shrugged her shoulders, pity it,was- that you married sighed regretfully, j “It is jtop.lqte to think of that now.” “He’s so mean 1 lie gives us nothings Wo are worse off than wo wore before you married.” “Sally” said Marjory, in a hesitating tone, “I ought not to say this, but—bub I think, perhaps, that Charles has no money to give you.”. “No—money—bo give us ? What non sense 1 he is rich.” , . - , , j “Even rich men are sometimes pressed for ready money. Don’t blame him, Sally, more than you can help, for not being more generous to you. Our means are— area little . straitened ' just at present. T)iab is what is worrying me. Before Charles'went out this afternoon Ira said something which worried mo very much, lain waiting for him to come in again.” , Ten minutes later, Charles Yoysoy came in sight round the corner of the square. Ho was walking fast; his face wore a dog ged, set expression, which made Marjory’s heart sink, “I'm going, ” observed Sally; as she heard the firm, heavy footstep in the hall. “Charles and 1 never get on particularly, well together.'' It’s hibbish' about his ihcatis 1 being straitened; Slarjory; it’s I stinginess, thatVall, I’m gone I” ' Sally’s,step tripped down the stairs. A few minutes later, Charles Voyaey entered the drawing-room, : Ho came ia.silenlly. Silently, too, Mar jory turned from the window, towards, [him. i [ ?” ho said, observing her, “Have you thought over what I said 1” j “I have thought nothing else all day.” She had moved towards the empty fire place. -She stood with one hand resting on the marble mantelshelf, Ho, with his bands plunged deeply into his pockets, stood facing her. “I cannot do it, Charles,” she said, in a' low, tremulous voice,, which she tried in vain to steady. MYou cannot do it 1” “N—no.”* "Say you’will not.” “I would do it,” she continued eagerly, “if t thought it right; but I cannot think it right. Besides-; ” “Well r “I do not think that my powers of per suasion are an great as you imagine,” she added, with an uneasy little smile. “Mr. Ferrers knows.that I am ignorant of bus iness matters; why should ho allow me to persuade him flto entrust his money to you ?” I “We will waive that difficulty,” inter rupted her husband, roughly. “Your orts of persuasion may fail; we’ll risk that. I Want you, at all events, to try them. Sit down ; we must talk over this matter soberly.” ■ She seated herself on the couch towards which he nodded. Ilis hands still plung ed deep in his pockets, ho took a chair facing her. “As I told you this morning, Marjory, I’m at my wits’ end. You’re a woman, and don’t understand those things. .Some women are content to take their husband’s word on trust. I tell you i hat I’m in a hole, and unless money is forthcoming from somewhere, there is ruin before us both.” Marjory sat, pale and silent, attentively listening to him. “Ruin for us bpth,'\he reiterated—“for you as well as for me. 1 Perhaps you have failed to tnkq in that.” “What befalls you befalls mo. I am your she:answered. “Have you a fancy for tasting poverty again 1 I should imagine that you had had about enough of it.” “I hope it will not come,” she ventured gently. * “Don’t buoy yourself up with hopes. It is bound to come, unless I can, somehow, stave off this prisis, A crisis of this sprt often occurs in trade. 1 1 want a little ready money, nothing more—a fe ( w thou auds—and the storm ,will be weathered; no one will ever bo thp wiser about danger having threatened. There is only one per son, whom I can think of, who would step in and give us the help wo want; that is George Ferrers. I would appeal to him myself, but ho and I have never been on friendly terms. We have been fairly good friends enough, bub not intimate. Ho might take it into his head to refuse me. He would’t refuse you.” Marjory felt her colour rising; her heart was beating fast. She knew .that What her husband said was true: George Ferrers was not likely to say ‘Nay* bo a request which she proffered. “But ” she began, “‘But, but’!” he echoed impatiently. “Can't you obey me, and have done with it? Why all this, preface—all this fuss? I want five thousand pounds. Georgo Fer rers has it to lend he will lend it if you ask him. Ho is corning here this evening; you will ask him then,” ' She was silent for a moment. Her face grew pale again; but her voice scarcely faltered as she answered— “Charles, I cannot do it; X cannot ask this favour of your cousin. If there were no risk of his money being lost, it might be easier ; but I cannot persuade him to lend you what you may never bo able to \ return.” j ■ “I shall return it; you need not trouble I about that.” I “But you’ were anxious that I should j nob explain bo him how great your need is. You told mo I was to say that you wished to enlarge your business, and wanted to borrow a lit'le money in order to undertake improvements. That is not true. I could not say that to him.” “I congratulate you on your highly moral tone, my dear,” said Mr. Yeysey, scollingly. “Your conscience is most ten der. I wonder thV, with a conscience as highly (lev-loped as your*, you can ap prove of your brother Louis being allowed to remain at largo. Surely you would de sire .to punirh him according to his dgsei ts!” ,, '“Charles,” she cried quickly, rising and ■standing before her husband, “what do you mein? Why do you look like that ? You will punish Louis because I—I cannot do ns you would wish ?” 1 Ho smiled at her impetuous, tremulous speech. . “My tolerance, as I thought you under stood, depends on your obedience.” “Charles, ask something else of me. In any other way I will be obedient. Have I nob obeyed you in all that you have order ed me to do? Bat this thing—this is im- j possible.” “It seems to me a simple thing enough.” Sho was silent for a moment. Her | hands clasped one another so tightly that the clasp was painful to her. j J“It seems to me—like—fraud 1 ” She answered, in alow, hard voice. tto roso too, his, face sot and stern. \- “Take your choice,” he said. “Got this money from my cousin, or givo up your brotherjnto the hands of justice. There is the choice. Don’t expect pity from mo, that’s all I say. You can persuade Georgo Ferrers if you choose. He would give his soul, I fancy, at your persuasion; ho will not refuse you a paltry five thousand. Smilo at him—the deed is done.” He had used the worst argument he could have used. Into Marjory’s palo face the hot blood saergedwrathfully; aho look ed with Hashing, indignant eyes into the cold eyes that met her own. “You have ray answer,” she said; “ I will not do it.” “That is final?” “Quite.” “You sacrifice Louis to a whim?” “I daro not try to save Louis by noting as basely aa you wish. Even for Louis’ sake I cannot sink so low, I cannot do so great a wrong.” “You think I shall ho mieroiful, and nob prosecuted” ■ “No; Ido not count much upon your i mercy, Charles,” she answered sadly. 1 The room-door opened as she spoke; before sho could recover her composure n visitor was usheard in. “Mr. Ferrers,” announced the servant. Charles Yoysoy looked at his wife — looked at her with a glance at th’j same time doubtful and authoritative. “I haye a letter or. two bo write,” said ho, “Fxcuso mo for a few minutes, Ferrers I fancy .Marjory has something to say to you.” ‘ Ho left the room. Georgo Ferrers looked with a question ing, troubled glance at the white, sad face that was half-ivverted; ho saw that Mar jory Was suffering and striving to be self con trolled, “Your husband asked mo to run in some time this afternoon or evening,” ho, began douhlfiflly;,, ,/ , Marjory atill,, stood with herfacohalf , turned away, and was silent. “He said you had some request to make to me,” ventured George, tentatively. Sho s shook her head. “What is the request 1” “I have-no request—none,” she answer ed almost harshly. “It is a mistake, then?” “Yes.” He smiled sadly. “I am sorry,” said he; “I had hoped that there was something you wore going to bid mo to do. I thought that, perhaps, you wore going to ask my aid on behalf of Louis.” She looked round at him quickly eager ly, a strange expression in her clear, sweet eyes. Then she sadly shook her head. “You cannot help,” she said, in a hope less tone, a moment later. "Oannot I?” “He lias laid himself open to the punish ' ment of the law. No one can help him. My husband is going to prosecute him.” “I don’t think he will do that,” said , George Ferrers, quietly. But the quiet assurance brought Mar jory no comfort: she looked away hope lessly before her, and answered nothing. Charles Yeysoy, returning to the room saw at a glance that his command to his wife had not been obeyed. He mastered his anger, and entered into conversation, chatting easily enough about Mount Ferrers and the neighbours there. “How are the (Jarews 1” he asked; “how is the fair Lady Jane, of whom you wore said to bo enamoured 1” “She is well. She ij engaged to Captain Matbcson—an engagement I foresaw long ago.” “Are you heart broken, George?” “Lady Jane had not the power to break my heart.” “Yet rumor said, you know, that she was your promised wife.” “No one who knew either of us ever believed that rumour.” “So your heart is whole ?” smiled Charles Yeyaoy. “If it is not, Lady Jane is not to blame, said George, in an evasive, would-be care less tone. <f You look lovo-sick, Ferrers,” “Do 11 1 hope not,” “Who was the lady ? We are sure of one thing; she wasn’t worth wearing the willow for. Pity you didn't marry her! Marriage is the thing to euro sentiment; isn’t it, Marjory? If you married her you’d havo been cured of your infatuation in next to no time. Going are you I Good bye. Take ray advice, marry her; that will cure you.” Charles Veysey, laughing boisterously, accompanied his guest dowa- stairs. Then he returned. “So you didn’t obey me,” said he. “I give you a week. Get that money from Ferrers within a week, or Louis goes to prison. A week—not a day more.” 