THE BLACK CHANNEL OF CLOUGHNxiQAWN. CHAPTEE, I. Nothing can be conceived snore wild than por tions of the far weofc coast of Ireland whon approached from the sea. Heavy roeka resem bling small mountains spring up witkin a few hundred yards of that hon-bound bamor which has for oge3 yepeilsd the oao.-inotH guproh buried against it fi-ota aa\ s? thy Wcsioru Ocean. Indeed litila stretch of itna^ioaiioti is reqnned to fancy oaoself neuring Sjxno region neve? before troddon by human foof, where nothing meets the ejo but heather and scone, resting ou b base 0? foaming swtf, where the sea-bird screams and flape, and abova which the eagle wheels in graceful circles. Between tlsia barrier — which rises probably to a hundred foot in height— and the base of the mountain, thero is frequently a spaeo of flat land, if so that may bo called which ieia reality a collection of isolated bouldero thiokly scattered over a substratum of granite. What may bo beyond the mountaino it ia not easy to say ; but their sides show nothing but gray stone with dark hollows between. Those dark hollows sometimes appear oa p&tcheaoi; vegetation, often exceeding in verdui's anything attuioablo out of the tropico, osd in which a light ezauke ca?liag upwards may psrhapa &ffoid; the first indication of mon's presence. The stony flat we hove spoken of is aot unusally pierced by deepchonnslo caused by ths continued oetion of the Atlantic waves, such as that of Cloughnagawn— 0 long, narrow strip of land stretching between the oea and the foot of the mountains, and traversed through its entire length, some nix miles, by one of the chann&ls; we have alluded to, and which, sithei' from tho entranoes being ao confined as to escape obser vation, or from ths dark colour of tho rock?, is usually known aa ths Black Channel of Cloagh nagawn. Although tha openings to thio channel ore extremely small, and pierced straight in, yet, possibly owing to a softer vein, its coarse changes after a distance of some sixty feet ; and not only does the passage wheel until it runs north and Goath, bet it widens very considerably, particularly towards tho southern entrance, where it forms a sort of boy, in which a f mall craft con lie in perfect safety ; the full force of any wave being broken by a large rook standing mid-water, parting the impetus' on each side, and rendering tho space behind smooth and tranquil. Opposite this rock, and nearly in the centre of the bay, dwelt Shawn or John HefEernan, and his adopted daughter, AileeD. John pursued the calling of & fisherman ; but although his . boat usually swung very innocently &t; her moorings when not employed in his reputed business, yet the authorities, although do one could soy exactly how the suspicion had arisen, attributed to him another avocation, and one not of so law-respecting a character qq thai of a mere taker of fish. HeffdFnan was a widower, who, neve? having had a living child of his own, always considered the circumstance which hod thrown little Aileen in his way dd q sort of mirGculous compensation for what hod been denied him in the ordinary manner. Thuo it occurred. When about forty jears of ege, he returned home early one day, for his wife, who woa near her confinement, had been somewhat ill that morning. On reaching his cottage ho was ordered, in tho peremptory tone assumed by female friends on such occasions, 'to b3 off at wonct for the doethos1 ; he'd betthes? not let grass grow under bio feet, and not come back for his life without him.' With this intimation, cad the door baing slammed rofchsr than shut on him, Heft'ernau started off at the top of his speed ocross tha mountains for Doctor Small. It was about three o'clock on a winter's day, with every appearance of a mow-storm ; bat Dootosr Small was not a man to ba stopped by weather, os Hoffesnan well knar/. Hin way lp,y close by the mountain chapel where he had been cbriatenod and married — circumstances which seemed to give him a sort of veoSed interest in the place. And no, os he papsad, he bethought him of soying a little prayer, that 'it might be a boy God would send.' 1 Shure,' he muttered, ' there aiai ao bctther place cor this, barrin' inside, on' bagours I darn't go there now with the ha?ry.' So he prayed for a son, accordion to the desire of persona ol his o1qdh ; bufc hin prayer was anBVFered froia heaven in ottoranceo whish Bounded somewhat like 'Augh, augh.' In the excitement of the moment, ho ouroly believed it was 'iNo, no; but looking up, what was there but a great roven wheeling in the airP ' Yon nnloeky blaoli thief,' he said, shaking his fist at the Eaven, 'you would if yon could, divil a doubt of it, but I croaaes it, and puts it on the big stone beyant, so now do your best.' It may be necessary to inform our readero that when a curse, or bad wish, is ' put on* an Irish peasant, tho most approved mode of evasion is to ' cross it,' and 'Icy it on' something else. Thus H«)fFernnn believing the raven was fore boding evil to hire, ' crossed it' and 'laid it on' the big stone, without stopping on hio way. After wardfl thinly v?eat pretty well with him, but jast beforo reselling ths end of his journey ho saw b rn&gpia; on a bush. 'There 'tis again,' ho oaid to liimaelf, vt'el! knowing V7hat one magpie) meant ; but as the bird held ito peace, so did he, only thinking, ' Divil a ono oi tho docthor will be there fos? mo, and what'll I do then at all, at ell ?' He was wrong, however, ua ho toon ionnd out upon reaching ths doctor's house ; for there oat the man of physic on a chair, his legs entwinod among the rails. 'I tell yon, I tell yon,' ths dootoi; was sajing (he had a habit of repeating hiraslf) to 0 peraon seated opposite to him, 'I tell you what it io. It's nont-ense, and yoa'to an a&o;, dii gss ; neither Qiiik nil1 an; ono elsj could teko a taau'a ojo oat, r/ash it, ?itA put it in agaiu. You'ro t:u t-,y, Sir, to credic it— aa aso—yea, an q-s-» !' ' Why, blur un' ages, docthor,' replied tha man thus addressed, ' shur© vou don't knovy bstther nor Tses himself, r«& ho's the boy could insinse joa into ii, ba.rrin' ha'u dead.' ' That's clwajs tho way,' said Small, striking his legs up and down ia a 5: age. 'Always the way with you? woadorful cures. Whei'o'a the saan P Show him io Cue, I znk. Ob, indeed, bo's dead! it's ulwoys that with you, Sir — always tbst. But I won't let him be dead, he shan't got olf that way ; do you hear that, Sis', do you hear that ! No, Sir, I'll have him up for the lie. Como in !' ho suddenly exclaimed, hofiiing some one at tho dco:. The kitchen being dark, necessarily required light, which was supplied by a moagra caudle Giuok in Eho neck of a bottle. Hcffornun's pro cipitato entry, after tho conversatioa which hod preceded the docior'u sumtaens, threw the in mates into a little confusion. Two women silting in the chimney-eorneE.1 screeched ; a good ljolring girl who had boon orrcnging the 'dhressai1,' made a spring at 'niGsthor' for pio tection : but wlisthor from Iovp, for he wna a bachelor (an' no one knows what's cfore 'oeo), o? fiozn fear, sao cluiched him eo vigo; o!jslys that oLiair, doctor, table, candle, and gcod-lookin;; girl cams down ia ono ufctor debris, while tho fi^hormufl slappod bis hand on hia thigh, and ezolaimod— ' BogoiTG, the doctheE'a kilt ! Bad ee ss to j ou for a mocrpic, I knowed vou'd do it rmvhovr.' ' Avr, aw, aw— Tim's ghesfc! Tim'3 ghont ! Keep him from me, masther darlint,' shrieked tho girl. ' Who tho dovil — who the devil -&7te you p' demanded tho half-suffocated doctor. ' Take her off me, will you, or she'll make a ghost of mo ?' ' Sburo I'll do that same if I can find her,' said Heffernon, feeling ell about him ; but the moment his hand lighted on her, she 6et up re newed ehn- ka of ' Tho ghost ! the ghost !' at tho same time clinging to the c'ojtor with on onorgy which had nearly overpowered him. 'I aint no ghost at all,' assarted the messen ger, endeavouring to pull her up. ' I aint no gbost. Waf-7, don't kick a boy's shins that way, an' he only Heffernin of Cloughnagawr.', with the wife took bad in the groanin', an' I histad eff at wonct for himself withoot delay.' 'Ob, Heff;-rnnn. Heffe rnnn/ said the pr'strato doctor, who h art private i-eafon« of his own for a friendship with him, 'it's you, is it P Shufcy, gir), will jou ^ake -cur heavy anatomy of boneo off my sternum and let me get up.' 'Hiff! hiff !' retortsd the damsel, rining in high dudgeon at such words being applied to he?. Hiff ! then ycu needn't ooe thim bad nam^s ogin odacict girl, nor her bonoo, neither, that aint ao wovse no? another's I suppose.' Paff, puff, aha went on, piling mce turf, and lighting it with a handful of straw from the settlobed. There was soon a blfiz?, and the candle having been found and relighted, one of the women declared that ' no mischief was donp, barrio' tho choir was brack, and only fit to throw away.' Bot Small said ' no,' and sneeringly directed the ttHn ho had been arerning with about cures to ' take it to his fiend Quirk for advice.' He then ordered Paidy the pony to be brought to the doo?, and having filled the peeked of his large frieze-coat with necessaries, informed tho fisharrnan that he would overtake him on hia v/p.y home. Huffernan departed, after having been privately informed by Susy, cs that darasal opened the door for him, that rmo wf nld ' know in the mornin', plass God, what the masthor meant be spakin' thim hard things to her.' Jamea Small, M.D., L.E.O.S.F.. had, like many another man, commoacjd lifo with high hopos and had studied his profession well. He had passed a fir^t-rate examination, and being gi-zatted aa a duly qnalifiod medical practitioner, had put c brafs pl&te; on the door of his lcd^inga and looked oat for practice ; but whether the time*! ware particularly healthy, or the big fish, devoured the little ones, certain it is that his nsoans gradually dwindled until they became quits in keeping with his name, small indeed. Aa a last resort he tarned his attention to paupar esses, hoping that they might obtain for him aoma prsctice ; but although the pco? people dnly collected «very morcing on the door-steps uat 1 they formed quita a littlo crowd, and although at times a man might bs seen juohinsj in hot hasta foi the doctor, who would leave in such 0 hurry that be uniformly put his hat on in the 8treot--in spite of oil thia, it somehow be onrae known that he was not earning a sis pencp. Therefore it was that his landlady one day informed him 'aa hov/ she couldn't have the steps littered with all his naaty psoplp, and that M-a. Tomkins— (her husband worked nt Joneo's of Bsoholor's-walk, hiaj as made all the drescjs for the grand officers) — Mrs. Tomkins was afraid of her baby gotting fever or emali-pox or some thing at the door or railinga 7?hon she was tuck oat for an airing. And Miv. Ton; kins paid eo cogular to tho tick,' the liindlady &ddod;, looking hurd at Small: so we may soppoao that ho was not qnita go punctml. Thus nearly beccen in life's s'ruggle, he ohanced one day to drop into a resding-roonj, whore he sav7 an adveraeement in the Genkuil AirVEKTlSEE informing tha public ' that a highly educated medical {.riotitioner, an L E.0.S J. nccoaohtur, &c;, was rt quired by tho Board 0? GuDrdioDsof ilibTTnion oiBall^noughnahoririgau, for the district of Garrylaggiu.includiug Clou^h nagQ\7n, vtIiobo services would be recompensed by a tolary of fifty pounds a year, the uucceadful candidota finding himself in everything.' It was poverty, nearly starvation ; but to remain a-i he ,vaa Vfould be that, with debt, perhaps 9 prison, besides : so ho spont some of hia lfl'-t shillings in taking himself to tho presence of tfie ' on l.-ghtenod gucrdianj ;' who having examined bis cei'tifiootes, which wero certainly eoffi:iont to hove obttiaed for him any of the first medical appointments in tiie world, eonfoned upon this highly-educated geotlenian uno'.u menls s, little leoo in vsslue than toe inuom in^s of a renpectablo m.'Sin. Nor had he b 'walk-over' either; for a drunken and hulf erazod party also found many admireis, who seemed to consider his disreputable ohtrso or a proof of tolont, and Qssarted that he had not his match in tho world : which was perhaps true. A loading guardian, ho. vevor, had declared for Small os the right man, ' if they must ha\ e one ; though for hia part he didn't see ihe u-e, as he'd back his ould mother against the kit of 'em.' Thus Stnall got tho appointment, ana took up hia abode in the litcls village of Garry Icggin, V7hore after a time he suocesdod in ob taining a cottage with a few acres of lend. But he soon bacamo convinced that his previous edu cation vas now of little value (o him. At firs: he went to woik ' oon amo.'e,' but found that his patients rarely cffjrded him any information as to how his advice and proscrip tions actod. Ha afterwards adopted tho system of making them deposit soma lttle articla as a pledge of their reappearance, in order that he might judgo for bicasalf. But tho inconvenience of thia system soon led to i to relirquishinent. Then when typhuc fever broke out he attacked it in the most approved fashion ; but bis pstiont*) continued to die, when according to all rule they Bhould hove lived. This caused great murmur ing, and much tolk an to what hid red-facod an tagonist could have done, and 'Brave, 'twaen't dyin' they war wid Wilcox bjsyant.' Nevertheless ho otill clung to the regulated praotice, until that evening when he met tho sis funerals within half c milo of Garrylaggin — nil his own patients. This tsrriblo event, deepened as it was by the screaming of nt looat tiixty of the loudast ' keeners ' in tho district, caused him so tsa h anxiety that he nover closed his eyes tbofc night, and oavly the next moFning he rode off to consul', with his friend, Dr. Wilrox. But his friend meiely recornmonded n treat ment of wbifiky and Epnom Sf.lts; nud indeod these reraedioa Dr. Small found iu subsequent pructioe to take kindlier to the constitutions of I hia patients tiion thoso he had hitherto em ployed. i Thus, with one thing and another his faith in the pharmr.coproio, and most things be hsd de voted his youth to acquire, decreased ; whilst, rarely meeting odncst* d men like himsslf, his conversation oad bearing involuntarily assimi lated themcelvoH to hia everyday associates, ua til blister and blGck drought formed hia general practice, and there was really little apparent difference between himself and the ambitiouo Susy. Such was the result of high hopes and greet expectations : but he wns a good-heorted fellow for all that, perhaps a trifle given to brandy and water, bufc over s-oody an nou to ?uqq the winter's blast in tho discharge o£ hio dafcy. (To ha continued.) g — ? '?-- — — — — — - — ?=. 