nun senv(tude > ••• VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. 3\BU3 CHRGNICiES. v.lAU* RIGHTS RESERVED* 16.; .SE&E3; .8TH3B, The dayatterduilge Forbes adjourned the! .. trial of Stapleton .and his companions ior. • • three dayspeo tbattbe attendanceof - Blair j ■ might ha secured, a vessel named tbE Boberfc | dEmma arrived at Hobatfc Town {com Qaiaena" j town Harbor/G ork,Bhe was a trading vee- j ;; eel, and had only two passecgers onboard. \- - One of them a woman, about thirty years o* • • age, and the other an elderly ~ man who ae. . . eompanied her. Those on hoard were sot aware i>f the reason whioh indnoed these two personstovolimtarily - leave the old oonntry \- Y&&I;>ie[kan'£ Land, and neither did they , want to know, as they had paid lor' their passages^ audit was no business ol the nap- •. \- sain to enquire. The reader may -at once he told that the. . womanwaa Bllen Byrne, and the elderly \- . gentleman was Mr Michael Htfiiraan, a xe- . ;«■" tired lawyer oi the town ot Kilkenny, and to ; -. whoseoare the gul had been committed on - the death other only surviving parent (her. mother) five years previously. A email pro . perty jwaBlelt, barely enough to support the girlj hatahe. dived with. jSefiernan andhie wife, and was as well treatedas if ehe had j;. been their o wn child. . When she expressed' . her Arm intention of going out to Van Hie man's Land and .seeking ont Henry Staple- j ton; alter nhehad received the Comptroller; . General's letter etatiog he had settled in the. ; colony,'her -guardian, seeing he. could not' . disBnadeher,^decided to accompany her to.] . . the island, and 'they.took passage from Cork ;.-rathe first vessel"which: sailed for the penal settlement. / . - After landing they took lodgings at a «-■ spectable hotel in Maoqaarie Street, and the iollowingday tbey callea opon tho Catholic : chaplain atthe prieoner's barraoke, to whom. t-~:. .? they had letters ofiatrodnotion -irompromi ■ ~, nentncolenasticaldigcitaries and others in .. Ireland. • They were very kindly -received, audwhen their bneineEs waa stated .tie ••.- priest .willingly agreed to introduce them to: the Comptroller General, although- he -looked rather pnzzled when they said the same of' : the man they wished jto find was: Henry • • -. • 'Htspleton/and he had been pardoned nearly a year previously. In jthe afternoon they .had an interview with the Comptroller Gten end, who: expressed hie willingness to en-' lighten them on any point that he could;! ■ ' hat when ;Hr. Heffernan told him his basinees { ,v\ the eagle-like face of the Comptroller General i clouded slightly. , "I think if yon .wait until to-morrow I . will be able to showyon the man yon want. . - llesi me here at 9 o'clock to-morrow mern ing, and then I will arrange that you shall see Stapleton." That was ibe substance of all be said, and his visitors left. him- well pleased that tbey . .■ wonldsee the object'of their long journey on themarrow.They'hadnotanticipatedeuob -1. expedition, and were in high spirits at the' r -. zesnttpand .were eagerly waiting for the com ing day. Mean white Judge Forbes was sot idle.; He: ; -well toe* that il there had been any under-; hand work with Stapleton's pardon—and if prisoneiVetatemient were true there had been—the officials responsible lor St-would throw all the obstacles they could in the way •. of throwing light on It. ,. Therefore he had' \- no . sooner; Iisft ^he. bench than he made ■ arrangements lor three monnted constables , ta ba at onee despatched tc Blair's land, and ■ to bringhaok the owner. He privately told the men that speed was most desirable, and ' iocarry-out thc-order as rapidly as possible. ■ NWraggehadnot counted on such haste being \- - 'made, .but he knew that be o'ould not act too : qnldkly, and at onoe' sought cut .a man on •vfc whom be oonld rely, end told him he would -givshim fifty ponndait he could zeat&Bbiir;'s , house-and wam him that he was in da nger ^desked The wrii r he jfewmiS , jta'tothehonsewhen he 'saw the horee told him that he 'Would haee to accompany them hack to. Hobart Town, and he seemed very anxious ?iohhoWJWWhst reason he was repaired. ' .. " Oh, a fellow named Blair, who is being tried iqrthemutiny at number nine ;etation says bis came is Stapletcn and cot Biair, and the Judgeadjourned ■ the case for three days io that yon might be brought to dis prove the Statement." At be ' epoke the lace of Blair turned a eiekly green,and his agitation was to notice able that it did hot esoBpe the attention oi the constables who good natiiredly rallied faim bn his nervonsneBs about attending a court.: Two of them ascribed it to the natural disinclination which cx- convicts had. to judgeBandjuries.but the chief, who.was more observant, commenced to think that • there was more in the mutineer's assertions ; than be had previously believed, and be de termined to oarelully note the settler. The : latter asked them to1 dismount andbave something to eat while he was getting .ready togobaok with them, and as they were rather fatigued they were glad to comply, cndplaoed their horseB in an adjoining shed. The troth was Blair , was In a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what course ha should adopt.. Although the mutiny bad ' . happened a month' previously, be was not . aware that there bad been an outbreak at tbe elation. They were so common .that the settlers took little nptioe of them unless one: or more of the convicts escaped, and the only one who bad an interest In sending him news was Superintendent Wragge, and he bad not done so. That official, thought it would not be wise to do so until the last moment, as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm than good. It was quite possible that there might be no trouble in oonneotion with the matter, and if so nothing but harm oonld re sult from taking fright at a shadow. He had cot expeoted that Stapleton would make the stand he did, or that tbe judge would listen to him as patiently as he had. If the worst came to the worst he wonld have time to. send a messenger to Blair toescape, and that would he sufficient. ■ Blair made np his mind that the best thing be oonld do wonld be to go back with the constables and fight the matter 'out, and be was in the .house talking to tbe officers when the galloping of a horse was heard outside. He opened tbe door at a man rode np, who was considerably taken aback when he saw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the ehief wbo knew kim, and asked what brought him there in in such a hurry. " I am sure the fellow has been sent here to warn this man, and be baa been sent by Wragge, for be is a tool of hie" was the constable's muttered comment. Tbe horse man mumbled out an excuse by saying that he was passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and - horse, and as there was no use in arguing with him he obtained ' what be wanted and left. He had been too lite, and Wragge wonld have to do the best be oonld, but at the eame time it was bard to . lone fifty pounds in such a way. So tbe fel low thonght as he rode away. The three officers and Blair were soon in the saddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, which they reached late in the evening, and went to the quarters at the soldiers' barracks, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put up at an hotel and pay bis own expenses, but the chief constable told him it could not be allowed. Later in the evening Wragge presented him self at the barracks, and asked to be allowed to see Stapleton (under which name of course Blair went), but he was told that without an order from the Comptroller General he oould cot; Judge Forbes bad asked the Comp* JrpUsjfo prohibit anyone seeing Stapleton if tbe constables brought him baek, as he de. desired that be enonid not be interfered with in any manner, and it was in pursuance of that request that late at sight he refused Wragge an order when he applied for it. Very little excitement was manifested next morning in Hobart Town at the trial of the fire prisoners {one of them had died from bis wounds). Such outbreaks and trials with their accompanying or resulting executions were too familiar to create much interest, and though theemall court was full of spec tators, thatnumber was not more than fifty. ' The judge tooh his Seat on the hench, and then the five mutineers were placed in the dock, and pleaded not guilty to mutiny and murder.; They had scarcely pleaded when ! the Comptroller General entered with Htfier-1 nan and Ellen Byrne, and the official told them that Stspleton wonld soon make his appearance. At the same time ho asked them if they knew any of the prisoners in the deck. The two visitors looked at them closely, bus failed to identify Ssapleton. It was little wonder, for his appearance was terribly changed. In his prison clothes, emaciated, and dose cropped, he was an utterly changed man. When SSapleton was asked if he still persisted in saying that his nBme was not Blair, he replied in a loud, clear voice, that be did, ahd as he spoke Miss ; Byriie started as though she recognised the voice, and . tnrning to Hefiernan told him ;thatshe almost fancied it was Henry Staple fdii who, spoke, Tbe Comptroller General heard the remark, bat made no comment. He -was BBked again what his name was, and answered that it wae Henry Ssapleton. The girl had been watching hitn intently, and when he gave the last answer her guardian was alarmed, for she had the appearance of being about . to faint.' He turned to the cfiieiuland told him he was afraid be would have to leave the court, ca his lady friend was not well, hat the giii recovered herself 'and protested against going out. After the second answer of the prisoner the judge ordered that Henry Stapleton should be.called, and as Us sieyped timidly intoltie witness bos the Comptroller General whispered, to hie two enquiring friends that the man before tbem was the person they Bought. Tbey . looted at him with dull atHBZP, Bnd in the same breath replied that he. was not even remotely like him. " That mania "no more Henry Strpleton, oi Kil kenny, than I am," was Htflsrnan's em phatic answer. . .Well, it lies between him and the second prisoner .of the row in the dock. That man asserts that he i3 the real Siapletoc, and the other man an imposter, and it is for that reason I have asked yon here to-day, as the judge ieanxious to settle the qaestion. If Henry .Stapleton is any relative or dear friend of yours," the Comptroller went on, glanomgat Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer, that for your Bakes the person in the witness box was the man yon sought. What are the prisoners charged with?" asked Hi-Sefnah anxiously,as he saw' the giilstaring at tbe second mail inthedock with a gleam of recognition in her. bright eyes. ' *' Mutiny and murder, and the case is clear against them. I fear there is no hope—" He. wsb interrupted by his: female com panion -swaying against him, and then with sf.moan falling back in a dead faint. She hid recognised Henry Stapleton, and had heard the deadly peril he was in. S Me little commotion was ceased by the fit," ana as Ht Sera an and an attendant carried her out the - Comptroller whispered to him to come hack-as soon as possible, as it was import ant. The prisoners turned round at tbe noise,'hat Stapleton could not distinguish who the woman was. Blair gave his evidence in a hesitating hianner, swearing of coarse that he was St&pleton.; That he came from Kilkenny, and telling'the judge the points that he had previously obtained from Wragge. Hestout lytnaiutaiced that the prisoner's nime was Blair, and that he had worked with him at number nine station, and knew him well. Toe li/e prisoners in the dook cried out that the man in the witness hex was really Blair, hnd matters scsrned to be about the same as placed on'fltim victs' statements. ...-Wragge.followed Blair, and wilfully per jnlci himself byswearicg.that the map who Ladjustgiven evidence was .in reality Henry iB£apietpn. . Thathe knew him well, having wbrked with him nine years before at tbe brick yardB in Hobait Town. This was veri fied by tbe records, and it seemed as though the Teal Stspleion's statements wonld be con troverted, when the Comptroller General stood up and told the judge that he had two important witnesses who would be able to identify the real Stapleton if he were present. Thc judgc asked them to come forward and allow no one to.leavs the court. Htffernan and Miaa Byrne, who had re covered, did as asked, and the judge ordered tee former into the witness bos, -and asked him who he was. He told him that be bad just reached Hobart Town from the town of Kilkenny to find one Henry Sfapietoo. Blair was placed in front of him, and he was asked if that was tho man, but ha said em phatically-co. lis was nothing like him. Blair was the very: picture of misery sb he stood on the floor of the court trembling, for he knew that the game was hp. Wragge was little better, for -he was as white as a ghost. He was next"asked if he knew the prisoner in the dock who claimed to be Stapleton, end after a long scrutiny he said that, although greatly changed, he believed he was the man, and that a young lady, to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had reaognised his voice as that of her lost sweetheart. This created a slight flatter in court, and Stapleton said if the judge wocld cause Htfiernan to ask him different questions about his native piece ha would speedily con vince him of hiB identity. This was done, and the answers given made it abundantly clear that the convict was the man for whom a free pardon had been sent out, and who bad been cruelly deprived of it. , Eilen Byrne was placed in the box next, and a painful soeno followed after she had sworn t>>at the man in the dock was Henry Stapleton, and bow she had recognised bim by his voice. The prisoner was overcome, and she fainted at the sight of bis grief and altered appearance, and the fact that he was beingtried for his life. She was carried out of court for the eesend time, and then the judge asked Blair how he came to commit such a crime. Tho murderous ruffian broke down utter ly, and confessed that be had been asked to take Stapleton's c'othea by Wragge and Ben son, for whose murder the prisoners were be ing tried. He related clearly everything r.3 it occurred and which the reader already knows; and though the superintendent tried to deny it, and swore that ba roust have been deceived by a conspiracy between Benson and Blair, the circumstances attending it pointed so glaringly to him as the prime mover, tout tae judge'ordered his arrest on charges of murder, conspiracy, and peijury (Blair had confessed about the murder of the prisoner at Mac-quatie Harbor Station). Two of the court constables were advanc ing to arrest him when be took a double barrelled pistol from his pocket and fired point blank at Blair, who fell, and then blew bis own brainB ca* on the floor of the court. Blair recovered, and was sent to Norfolk Is land for £fs years. Notwithstanding the facts adouoed—no evidence being given that he had struck a single blow in the murder of Benson—the fire couvicte were found guilty and executed, Stapleton amongst the reel. Strenuous iffjrts were marie to save him, but the bloody conviot law had to be vindicated, and Ellen Byrne left Hobart Towu with her guardian a heart-broken woman. " I hope my visits are not disagreeable to you," he said. 1 Not at all," she politely answered. " I have sometimes thought that I wearied yoo " "Oh.no, No matter how gloomy I feel when you call, 1 am always happy when you I go." 