THE HAUATED HOTEL. .. A CHRISIM S STO Y; By Biliy Notts. ' '-'er all. there hung i shniiow and a few, A aense of mystery the spirit dannte l, And said, as plain ai whiper in the ear, The place is haunted 1 It was Christmas Eve, and I was on the " wallaby track." Not a very favorable concatenation of circum stances, but as tho poet says, " Who can. control his fats ?" and my fate at the time of which I am writing was not in the ascendant. It was in those halcyon years of the gold-diggings long remembered as the " roaring fities," and, with the usual impetuosity of youth, t had joined the vast army of gold- seekers who were spreading them selves over the length and breadth of Victoria in search of that fortune which for too many of us was hut an ignis fahiu-s , leading us on from day to day and. from year to year, through ups and downs, with every alternation of prosperity and poverty, yet still retaining the hope which sustained Mr Macawber in all his trials of f something turning up." Of : this there -was no want, wherover a new flight of. prospectors settled down, and the rural simplicity of many a lovely landscape was marred by the ruthless pick and shovel, of the digger, until the primeval beauty of the forest was replaced by the heaps of - earth and bare stumps, which -rsir-ined of al! (that once --was r- busy -'.'d populous diggings. It was toward:; 0110 of these 'worked out" fields as r.hey vert then, esteemed," that I was making im "".h-i- .- - '-a.-, , ? ."-H> h.» . ..Jconfk It' , : i cumstances ' U\\\ -ms' " m : Christinas Eve -»«, » a tre Lu-fc pa.l .'' fit sip t decnnecl in th- wt s '<. <,J|j upon th- "tow. j i- -s ' 'J f 1 i-?h.rv .i,.r!:cd i,h ou <5\. 1" '>? 1 diggins of bhicertown. A tew moutM had uffio.d - p'v Lr ( 1 1 v poverty of inns goic'i-tieici as contrasted with richer localities, and now as li travelled wearily onward my eyes en countered no human presence, but a fat reaching prospect of tottering tent| poles, ruined sod chimneys, brokeg windlasses, and heeps of red earth ana snowy pipe-clay, with a background bare hills whose nakedness w® srraduallv bein" reclothed bv the auici growth of new vegetation. Iknow01 no more depressing object than thatJa an abandoned diggings, and this feelin&n; was still more repulsive amid the gloont-n of - the rapidly approaching nigffili With that yearning for human com) ( panionship which is always strorigm est amid scenes of desolation, I pusHeCxv onward; and. was at length rewartpCag with a view of what: was by courtesjaj still termed the " township." . TBjy consisted of a few straggling buildingSA-; corapi'ising the inevitable hotel, forgfe and small store, with half a dozj&t; minor private bouses in varioily stages- of decay. At the furtHew end of ' the street, and some dis tance away from the other buildings, I caught a glimpse in the gathering shadows of what seemed to be an hotel of larger dimnnaions than any noigh boring erection, but while twinkling lights showed that the rest were in human occupation,, this remained a mere mass of gloomy shadow. As I turned with a traveller's instinct to the little inn, which bore the pretentious title of' the "Big Nugget," I noticed that the influence of the festive season prevailed even in this half-deserted corner of Victoria. The scattered population, winning a pre carious subsistence from the surround ing hills and gulleys, had gravitated to this as a common centre, and the fruits of many months of patient toil were already being squandered with the reckless prodigality which was the pride and boast of the old time "digger. Little groups or men 111 the orthodox blue or red shirt of the period were scattered? up and down the dusty track which represented the High Street, and as now and fchen fresh arrivals' came in sight, singly or by twos and threes, there appearance was hailed with boisterous greetings, wav ing of hats, vigorous hancl-grips, and the inevitable invitation to "come and have a nip." Making my way with some difficulty through the crowd that thronged the verandah I approached the bar,- which- was lined with a crowd whose loud laughter and conversation mingled with the clink of glasses, showed that the revelry was already in full blast. As I threw down my swag and sat down ; upon a rough bench, with that delightful feeling of relief after continued and exhausting toil only .to be realised by -those who have experienced it, and lighted my pipe,- I was assailed with;® : volley of invi tations to join in the ; " shout" then in. progress. " Coino on- mate shouted a blue-shirted, red-bear.ded giant as he6 caught me by the sleeves, " roll up aSj join the crowd. Christmas comes bvfc once a year, and we're bound to lia< a jolly spree now if we never l'.th another. "What's your drink ? |jjas shouting this round," and in spittost my protests I was drag'ged into.ema laughing, talking, and swearingpt, DC good-tempered crowd of free-hefloss fellows, who received me as only- make tralian diggers of that era £csoone welcome an utter str.anger.Vi bush, pleading fatigue I at length contj yours to elude their well-rae.ant hospit arous and retired to a small room as ye sion. c from the popular invasion- ® to sh< when a lull occurred in" remai saturnalia without, I mf the cc to interview the landlord1 occup a view to accommodation ft® my ' night, but in this I was disaji he hu " Sorry for you, mate," said hfc I'1 a I'll be chock full . to-night, pe havin its Christmas Eve aud I liave'to billet a shake-down to spare. Thei| a baskd lot of these coves have to dov'n forts J in the verandah to-night, sO'i't my ir see where I could stow you ay If makio you was in Whitechapel jfou I foun might get a chance of a (lathe thro® twopenny rope, or if you wert of led ly the dibs, you could getg a "Byt " casual," but we aint quiwised I vc e enough for that, d'yjh'g ?' in." 1 " What I" said I, are yo| the of a; )1 little village too 1" " I Mint," pro £ "ami 9 tori Q fr»m it, worse luck ; but look here ipitey, you wait a bit, and I'll see if 1 Cia't put you up to some way of Igitting a night's lodging. Stow your gib there," shouted he, as a storm of o-ths and yells came from the crowd al the bar, " lots of time and lashi'ns o- lush, boys. If you go "too fast yiu'll be fly-blown before "to-morrow -njrning. Easy does it. Now: then, sosh your patter and name your dink. Whose shout is 'it this time ?" <5 the revelry continued -until- the ainounceinenb that supper was ready, vien the heterogenous mob, whose ttpetite seemed- to . have, . been only simulated by . their, -potations dis- prsed, some to assemble afi. the com- uin table of the inn, and,? others to spre the hospitality .: of old mates or fiends. After supper there. was: a lull ii the excitement, which gave; me an ojjortunity of once more sounding my i(jkney friend. as. to a shelter for the !n;ht, and under the mollifying in- fljnce of sundry glasses of - liquor lie- ipifessed himself anxious to do any- rblng ' for my : comfort." ?«.-Fm sorry," 'sfl he (I omit the adjectives with kiich < he /plentifully interspersed liis riiarks), " but "you" see how l'm jjfimed up to-night.. Can't put you many where," unless I' stuck out a pole al you roosted on it, and all the other sips are bound to be full up' to-night. Aotlier hotel "? ; -.Wellj there is and tire isn't,, if you 'ean, make that out. : 0, yes, that's a. hotel you see out nO.itt, and there is any quantity of 1 -C.L- there, too-; but I'm blest it ra : vi there il niFlst if I was' offered .all | gold ;n the colony. Not- for Jon ! x ii" ; liskci -? ipreasivHiv - ' L( - ' - - >r r'fti " I ' t 5E >' -'i I-toiai!!l» i "trf. S tori cu " i , V; 0 \ ur! 1 -c.-i,,',; rjndc.---,.; -- UgjjuuL iiheir lestion, then the best in the neijbbor- jod, was occupied by a person iami- irly known as " Sydney Ned," who-te ily .assistant was a man whose ante- idents were equally unknown, ancf ho acted as barman, groom, and moral help. The house, however, as the usual resort of the better class I travellers, especially those known trinpl'lir «0 « lanmvtAn 33 "n nvl A.... r1, emu - in UUl re refined era . as " commer- s." One of these was an elderly tlenian, who, while travelling for a 1 of jewellers in Melbourne, also did t-tle gold buying when he could do )n favorable terms. One day this le person arrived as usual early, and ing transacted a ; fair amount of iness retired for the night. He i never seen, again. The horse he eiras found, wandering some miles iy, but from that bright no trace of rider was found. It was supposed .he time that he had been waylaid bishrangers,' robbed and murdered.; |pds body disposed of in one 'of the nerable old shafts which honey ed the district. The landlord as- ;1 that Iris gue-st had left early in torniiig, be- big anxious to reach a |hip at some distance, and though t were some suspicious rumors | nothing had ever been discovered tprove his statement, and in those Cthe excitement soon died- away !Jie matter was forgotten. Sydney flhowever appeared to have pros- He enlarged the house and a another story with a balcony, Considered -a wonderful triumph ojiitecture. His man of all work hm after a violent altercation one Sand his place was supplied hy a groom, a gentlemanly : waiter was ®jd, and an attractive young lady dfi honors of the bar. But in spite wris splendour, the mining popula- El not-takekindly to the"flashpub" Pas called. The oldsuspicions were atl, and the bulk of the diggers ||d to the " Big Nugget," the ||y at which I was then resting. |Ehe commercials avoided it; its declined, one by one the new %,s departed, and Sydney Ned 3d out a precarious existence |jne morning he was found liang- !Him a beam in the stable. An tt was held and the body buried .S;ant ceremony, no one appeared Jm the property, and it was dis- ?jl)f by auction. The new tenant, ter, soon gave up possession, as- |r that there was something queer |the place. Another and another gled but abandoned it' on' the jgaccount, and the rumor soon bout- that the hotel was haunted. I stood unoccupied? for three or jars,, and so great was. the terror pired that no 'one ; would even near it, on account of the weird land gruesome sights which be- i?Vp- «<?; by asserted thoy -bad meard and seen." Everyone gave wide berth even in . the daytime, at night the... hardiest?. and most :ue of sundowners would refuse to er within- . its - gloomy -. walls e most" Inclement: .weather. :;TIiis the tale as told to me, and .my concluded his? narrative with the rk — So now you know all tahout' iate, and. if so be as you care to there, why, I'll do what I can to you snug ; but if; I were you I'd r camp out.for the night in the but in coorse .you rean -please elf." My curiosity: was certainly ecb and after tny scornful expres- f incredulity I was not disposed )w the " white feather,'' so merely king that I would rather prefer impany of a dozen ghosts; than to y the building alone, I accepted aost's offer of assistance, and Fried away to make preparations, few minutes he summoned me, g stored a light cart with a few I of firewood, some rugs, and a 1 t containing some creature corn- He must have communicated itention to his guests, for 011 ' g my appearance on the verandah d myself surrounded by a dense ( who set up a deafening cneer, \ a tall Yankee, who exclaimed — rudas, mates, but he's real grit. we procesh and see him safe .is proposal evoked a fresh storm anse, torches were hastily im- ji id of twisted strips of stringy a / tain eloution led the way, followed by pnmitfe music of tin cons and dishes - I moufed beside my host, and amid a deafeifg clamom-, which might have scaredfil the ghosts within ten miles racliutjp proceeded on our way. Ifc took bga few minutes to arrive at our destiniin where the whole rabble rout hfed, while I and my host carried in ougupphes and ascended to the parlors the upper floor. The appear- ance c| light uas thefsign for if pos- - sible iSe outrageous discordance- than beforejove which, however, I heard the stent tones 0f my Yankee ad- mirer fnandmg that I should appear and jfeak a piece."! Wearied out with | tumult I -carae on t0 the balcoimnd in a short period of silence - retunfthauks for their kin'dness, bade J|n a hearty good-night with wishes. .a Merry Christinas and re- tired. Jr host h«l in the meanwhile ,an hShted a couple of caudlhich somewhat relieved the gloomwhe deserted apartment, and havin® out. the eatables and'drink- fanJ Iner'apadou3 taMe, shook handsfl left n,e with many expres- sions j friendship and admiration. As m Jf the crowd outside as could do struggled into the cart, the f ! suSoestion of the Yank|eated mo to - Three cheers and Jgerp as a farewell compli- ment, | wlth a chorus of yells, the ' motlefew. retreated, until their shouts ed away in ; the distance. alius ivjj's-: > i f to"! sui.ei: jt fju. lbrc,t _ , aik „,t sen t p.. the th <..| . cirii-ving v.. ea-v-. f-om > I .to- I- : : f'"j n-lkto? - :r ; v'. 'to; v I deparbts pl-iuc tiiilu 0 seuted|efvoslmients were - " r i those ant shoyed-.hcir r-,f:-rier(ton to the kiS thougitfuiness ; tbci" - ploj erijlieir coisumptioi 1 1?-- --- nor, fufliig hisaliiual cus?<' r i, Vs c mpe's in dne.it ar.c: .. o. . a<lres3,brcssms lus pier-,; -.. ;«npikiy: exceut flf- 1,1 rly '"t"3 the eVMUftMuigs ,ltch w_.e»- 3 \rustedfcha.. these tovornble : t .a!l,2ht lot contirj-.ia, -nJ Uiat e?f 0, ahle j meet on iiit ;;uue h shts, aid by . axxxfia fempy wist- for Ilieu- coL,„., probity. T " maKu jfa Fires.— a bu, -p.., 1 i. , u in , V t has - been .. ragi 011 Halhdavs U.. -Jr ««.») k tpOKOOg station. ne|rana, for the pasagfm. "i lire eMecl iiver; 'sev-ralio £S> piidfcspite the exertioriaf .u, ,.5 jeleors and station hanl continut-s - ilia is some danger (If ffh. to.- rv- bcmgclostroyed. anothe|We hro>-ala''-- stotion, hbtwel .!! " slutaai 1 no and Germnton. It ori- fiVito 011 k'10 selection d a 111a u inaned and spread ovd a ci-iiisiderabic Wring the day, b'ing unchecked. va lta hour i the stoty or geioncrv |tioif was threatened. J Occidents. — During 1 the week two |fdeuts have taken p'sce, mi- being t-f-y accident at Christna' iw.s, wl.cn. fc dicks, jun., was throvnout. through diorsc becoming unxumageahlc and |iVunu'-g 'lie buggy. The uniortunatii received a. severe sliakiuv. and aire CfJier ribs broken. a m&l;: named tiias Connor, in tne emptey >: Mr tt, isVwesi thrown from hu. ho-r't and .ued a severe scalp w The sejes of Dr Deane were oak .-l -n and ih)ffercrs arc progress ng v--.:u. gjhild Lost in the Bush. — The S ygj old daughter of a colored man, knv as Steve,-;.; the Maori, Isns been since M onday. The child strayed lnJs'e bush about 4 miles from Caster- to&here; the father and mother, tho iiair-caste, ivere- camped. Tim is scrubby and abounds with very iy-m" ' bfld c-uld only walk a shOIistancc, but although a party of' sol| or 20 horsemen have been scour- J"ofisurrouiiduig country, the search ha-%ed fruitless. _ Rres Removing. — Tt would be limll spent if the council.ab Rutlier- glcll|!ro to have all the thistles cut dwa fche street especially Rcid-s(reet, toe si nallis of which are completely covertronl the intersection of High. streetj ain-street near Scott's st. .re; also fing the I histle Act iuto force to- compekjperty owners to clear this- ",l0ilwcecl off their properties. MlNljy jjtsTtNC. — A general meeting' of shaijders in the .Wallaby, WandUi- gong, TO- Ul on December 2 L, at Phair's Hotel, Kicuive the lialf-yearly report and b.ijp-sheeb, aud to consider tho .report (%. H; Itosales, who liad jnsb returnedm the mine, and who was also ill attencL It- was decided that Mr . Kosales' ve he carried out, and work do -new yenv -by t&klDg; put quartpn the 130ft level and No. 2 shoot. 'JJetii'ing directors and auditors were re-eld, and the incoming . bo.ird was instrul to ; convene a .-meeting <>f shareliolcun a month, sh-ukl tliey deean itnecessai - - i- . , ; Sciuioljxamination.— At the cx- aminatioithe Berrimal State-school, a result of 9er cent, was obtained. This result is ty complimentaiy to Miss Miller, tllrsr. assistant at the Ruther- glen schojwho had the charge of tho Borrimal pol until within a month ot the cxanyion, and also speaks well as to Miss Air's ability as a teacher. A Con fi ed Bigamist.— A confession likely to l| to che institution of further proceedings made by James Knights, a prisoneit the Richmond Court on Wednesday The mail was charged for the fuurtmie with ill treating his wife, LydiaKniJs, otherwise Warren. Prose cutrix saidjat whilst under the influence of drink Sprisoner knocked her .down and atteugd to s rangle her. She was released ffc his gra p, whereupon he dealt herlvcral blows on the neck. Prosecutriijifged 1 hat she was married to Kinghtfflir years ago by AJr Kinsman, while his fgt wife was still living in Nichols.. u-Lefc, Fnzroy. In the course J bis statfenfc, Knights informed the :ourt that; e married the pr- secutrix ivhen his fi wife was still alive, in order ;o '" c-iver , the woman's shame." Hs vas ciunrni d 10 gaol for a month. The Ni South Wales Treasury - Depleted. Replying to a number of leputatiom ;ho Minister of Works said ho Coloni Treasuver had advised him. tot to acce any tenders for the present, < « tbore wa no uKjuayia tfao ii®e#ry to 