Raising- Cain. liaising the Spirit of Ev;l is pro verbially easier than laving it ngiiir:, and it so cliunces that when ' the raiser gets n square sight of -what he has conjured up, he is cured for ever of any hankering after similar exploits. The malcontents, or Adullamites, in the Queensland Legislative Assembly seem to have undergone this experience re cenny. n. numoer 01 wie collective wisdom, very small yet composed of laughably incongruous atoms, a week or two ago found themselves impelled towards each other, partly by determined antagonism to the Government, be its measures what they may, partly by a weariness of sitting on the opposition side of the House without finding any thing to do save vote with the Government, but principally out of what is expressively termed' 'cussed- ness,' or spiteful contrariety. They met and opened a ''cave.' But it ia one thing to open a eave and another to dwell therein in harmony after the manner of our illustrious ancestors. The incongruous elements did not ex hibit any particular affinity, and the cave was deserted almost as soon as opened. Then some of the would-be Adullamites resorted to the next expedient, and called a public meeting. If proved on immense success — as will be gathered further on. The Adullamites called the meeting in order that their hands might be strengthened in the course they pursued towards the land-grant railway bill. mi. ? — ? i_-_i j. _ ..._. . 11 1 , 1 Aiiey wuubeu to mane mm uau measure a good one, and the vox populi was invoked to endorse their proceedings. The voxpqpuli most enthuaistically did it — and a good deal more. It unani mously and vociferously condemned land-grantism root and branch. It opposed . the making of railways on this principle in any shape or form, and instructed the Adullamites to go back and oppose it any how and every how. Did they not go back strengthened in their already ? deter mined opposition ? Before then their only hope — even that a desperate one — lay in improving the bill. Now the masters to whom they appealed ordered them to trample the bill under foot and jump on it until the last vestige dis appeared in the soil it aimed at hand ing over to .-hark-like syndicates. They had already obstructed to such purpose thut fivelonii nights had been taken up in getting sixteen clauses through com mittee. Forty-four remained. Even at that rate of progress it would require soini' fourteen Minings to negotiaie the remainder of the bill. But now. with the unanimously delivered mandate -*f their masters, sun ly thrse ol- -.tractor* would miiktt it ten times fimvb.'nn if required. They would return to t,ln arena- to do or die, purish in the breach to the last man, hut nuvt-r never cal a meeting of their masters f r sup port and encouragement, and having received it — in far greater quantity th.-tn expected — straightway treat it with contempt. Any such idea wen; preposterous, dishonouring to the Adullamites as well as to their m:\sters. And yet that is what happens The ?unexpected generally doi-s — ev- n the very unexpected, as in this case. Before thu public meeting, thn opposi tion was such that Mxteen clauses occupied five sittings. After the public meeting, the opposition was such that forty-four clauses occupied two sittings. The simple juxtaposition of the naked Ggurcs points the moral more sharply than language. Some people are killed by kindness ; the backbone of opposition to thu land- grant railway bill was broken by too much encourage ment. The hawkers of socialistic pamphlets overdid the thing; they got together too much enthusiasm. The legislative opponents of land -grantism wanted beef ? and got mustard. . This condiment cannot be surpassed for piquancy and wholesomeness when taken in due proportion, but all mustard is more than ordinary throats can swal low or stomachs stand. The op ponents of land-grant railways looked upon their masters in their enthusiasm — and became opponents no more. From that out they spoke nothing, or spoke sense, as near as as they could manage. Red-hot obstmetors of tho night before came mee'dy for ward with amendments now and then, some o£ them embodying ideas of much value, but as for obstruc tion, tho ghost of such a thing walked no more in the halls of legislation. Some people may regard the result of this public meeting as odd, as ano malous even ; but there is no anomaly about it. This is not the first time that the devil raised for one purpose has produced an effect opposite to the intended. The old woman who called upon Death because her load of wood made lite unendurable, had nothing to say to the King of Terrors when he came save to ask him to assist her to put the load on her back again. So the simple malcontents of the Assembly who went to the seething ele ment ? of Socialism and Anarchy for support, did not, at all like it when they saw it — liked it so iittlo that one and all not only ' repudiated its man dates, but actually/ 'if unconsciously, pursued a course 'diametrically opposite. Opposition that hitherto went as far as attempting to wriisk tho Will by tho in sertion of unworkable amendments, now'!eithor held its peace or orocoaed none save amendments calculated or at least inf ended to improve the bill, and tho fort \ -four clauses, containing many ax contentious as tlio-e among the sixteen, passed through in two sitting* iintead of the fourteen it , is only reasonable to suppose they would have taken if tho meeting had never been called, or, having bieu oullei, had nob proved bo intensely enthusiastic, 