FICTION. Front Knjtltili, American, and Otbtr Periodical!« A SAVAGE SISTER. CHAPTER VI. A THOUGHTFUL ATTENDANT. We are ever behind or beyond or beside Our ¡utrlnsio existence. Forever at bide Aud seek with our souls -iHei edith. " Hello, you fellows ! Here's a windfall !" " Graham himself, by Jove ! What wind blew you here, pray ?" demanded Ned Newton, bringing his feet down from the piazza railing and his chair down upon its four legs with a bang, as he removed his cigar from between his teeth and waved aside a cloud of smoke. " Not an ill wind, surely, for we're all in pretty good health-particularly little Phil here, who haB been simply rolling in paint and canvas !" " And Ned Newton, who has been discovering the law of gravitation by waiting for the apple of fortune to fall into his hand !" retorted the artist, who was sitting astride of the piazza railing, too indolent even to smoke. Doctor Graham, still sitting in the saddle, threw one leg across the bow and clasped his hands around his knee, laughing. His horse began nibbling at the dose-cropped grass of the border, the bridle falling loosely upon his neck. " 111 wind or good, it is certainly some sort of cyclone, this voluntary visit of yours, my dear Jack!" exclaimed Lee Price, pausing for a moment in the doorway, summoned by the sound of his friend's halloo. " The very sight of you would cure a fellow ! By George, Phil, bring out your camera and take his photograph just as he sits ! No one would ever recognize this indolent fellow !" " Yes !" Newton added. " Get along with you, Phil, and do the deed before a telephone rings him up to practice ! And bring along the rest of the fellows. They'll come if they hear that Graham ia here of his own will !" Graham laughed. It was a new sensation to him to be idle, but rather a pleasant sensation, after all. " Why not set up a tent and start a Bhow, charg- ing so much a head ?" he suggested, jocularly. " That's not a bad idea," said Burnside, striding across the piazza and reaching out from the top step to strike hands with the newcomer. " ' Jack Graham, the learned physician ! The remarkable effect of indolence upon a man accustomed to an active life ! Greatest Living "Wonder of the Age.' That would be devilish taking, Graham !" " And little Phil here would be another ' taking' subject !" supplemented Dan Mayhew, from the hall, with striking effect, as the artist preceeded him upon the piazza with his apparatus for taking their visitor's photograph. " Hear ! hear ! exclaimed a laughing voice, as Tom Hastings followed Curtis and Mayhew. " Hello, Graham ! What's the row ? Something extraordinary to see you here !" " That is evidently the opinion of my horse, Tom," Bald the doctor, laughing, as he shook hands with the young men pressing around him. " He'll have your border shaved clean if you keep him here much longer, Price !" " He'll have better living than that, if you'll give us a chance to send him to the stables," said Price, laughing. " Como in, old fellow !" " We'll feed him on milk atd honey," interpo- lated Curtis, with a graphic gesture. " Or the skin and bones of black-fiBb.-which is the Bame thing in Burnside's estimation !" "And we'll have little Phil paint a canvas-back for him," retorted Burnside, scornfully, swinging himself airily up on the piazza-railing and balancing himself there by twisting his long legs around the carved rods. " Ob, come now, will you quit your everlasting haggling of each other?" protested Morgan, ap- pearing around the north end of the piazza with two or three dogs about him. " it's nothing but a continual cutting of diamonds between you two ! Give them an emetic, Doe, and settle them for- ever !" " You'll need an emetic yourself," replied Burn- side, calmly, " if you haul in any more toa<?-fish off the Old Horse Bock, Mr. Morgan ! It may be great fun to feel them pull at the line, but they're not specially appetizing game." " If you fellows will keep Graham in a roar, I shall give up attempting to get a decent picture of him!" cried the artist, in desperation. " I've spoiled two plates already, and I'll send in the bill to you if I spoil a third, unless you quit !" " We'll render it to the finance committee of the Greatest Living Wonder,", replied Morgan, airily. " Unless you make haste with your picture-taring, Phil, you'll hav8 to fetch a plate to carry the re- mains of the doctor into the bouse, for he'll fall off his horse from sheer exhaustion. " If some of you don't smother him, I shall give up !" exclaimed Curtis, angrily facing about. " What-the ghost ?" queried his tormentor, with great gravity. But before the irate artist could reply, Burnside reached out his powerful arms and caught the de- linquent in a close embrace that suffocated him into meekest submission, until the photographer triumphantly announced that he had finished with his subject, who was at liberty to "get down out of that" if ha desired. Graham swung himself easily from the saddle and mounted the steps, while Price drew a silver whistle from his pocket and summoned Jim, the stable-boy, to lead away the horse. "No, but, really, boys, all joking aside," said the young doctor, seating himself in one of the piazza lounging-chairs and sighing with extreme emphasis, "I've taken a leaf of absence from duty-funked decamped-what you will-for one entire week. Hutchinson has taken my place. I was getting desperate from continued driving, so I skeedaddled. If T hadn't, I should certainly have committed suicide within three days." " And you confided in us first off ! Good boy !" said Newton, tapping him patronizingly on the head with a spray of honeysuckle broken from the vine beside him, as he arranged himself comfort- ably upon the railing beyond tho reach of Burn side's long arms. " We'll defend you with our lives, and hide you in the water-butt if the authorities come searching for you," promptly corroborated Mayhew, leaning indolently against one of the pillars, tantalisingly just out of reach of Burnside, who was vainly en I deavouring to choke him into silence. " Well !" said Price, emphatically, from his seat on the arm of a chair beside Graham. " It is really a secondary matter how or for what you came, so long as you are here, Jack. Your horse has gone to the stable, and unless you wish to walk back to town you will be obliged to spend the week with us. What do yon say ? We will do our best for you, and make you forget that there were such things in the world as disease and diagnosis." " Accept gracefully," murmured Newton from out of a cloud of cigar smoke. " You may as well, Graham." " For when the Mogul speaks in that tone their is no denying him," added Hastings, laughing, although a Bwif t glance passed between him and the guest. " He means business every time when ho assumes that voice." " Oh, but-" began the doctor, in quick protes- tation. "There is no 'but' aboub\ it" interrupted Morgan, promptly, while Burnside slid from the railing and clasped his firm fingers over the physician's mouth-'. excepting the water-butt, Jack. Yield, and we'Jl allow you the honors of war." " Refuse-" added Burnside, dramatically, with a heavy dash in his voice. " But 1 hope that he will not refuse," said Price, with a smile. Graham accepted. It was a pretty good place to visit, this handsome island residence on the outskirts of the town ; and a better host there could not be than Lee Price; generous, open-handed, open-hearted. Even the servants of his household were warm in praise of the young master-all but Conyers, the young master's valet. Conyers was close-mouthed, and said little at tho best of times, so they ex- pected no encomium from him. They certainly received none. Conyers had been with Lee Price for three years, and was faithful to his duties, quiet and obliging. It was as well that ho should be a man of few words, his master said, for many servants and atten- dants were given to too much loquacity. Volubility ] did not always indicate reliability. So long as Conyers remained faithful there was no fear of his losing his place. "A quiet fellow-this Conyers,"' said Jack Graham, indifferently, as he and his host strolled over the grounds, a group of dogs around them, the morning following the young physician's entrance into the lively bachelor establishment. " Where did you pick him up, Price ? There's my Halleck, as gossipy as a monkey ! Utterly unlike Conyers. You must have advertised for a jewel to get him." Lee laughed. One of the dogs leaped about him, and he patted the broad, sleek head half-mechani cally. " I advertised for a faithful man," he answered ; " perhaps one should call such a jewel now-a-days, Graham ? Conyers suits me pretty well. He isn't . likely to cheer a fellow with volatile spirits-like Morgan or Newton or those-but if you wish to be quiet, you know, you will 60 quiet no matter what Conyers may be doing." ?' And I should think, if one were ill or nervous or wakeful in the night, he would be and excellent person, Lee," added the doctor, with a careless laugh. " I thing I shall have to steal or bribe him from you to place him in some of my sick-rooms!" " But I couldn't spare him, you know !" said Lee, quickly. He glanced at his companion half Buspicioubly. " He is invaluable to me when I am ill in the night, Jack. You remember I told you that sometimes I am ill in the night-" *' Yes," said Graham, calmly, as Lee paused, nothing the color mounting the broad forehead. " Of course, I wouldn't take him from you for the world, Lee. And of course, he wouldn't go, no matter how much I might try to bribe him. I suppose he is perfectly willing to care for you at such times ?" "Perfectly," acquiesced Price, emphatically. " In fact, I don't; even hive to ask him, Graham. He seems to know at once what to do." "Rematkable fellow!" said the doctor, coolly, tcsiing away the stump of his cigar and snapping his fingers with a ci.U to one of the dogs. " Yes," said Lee, warmly ; " so he is, Jack ! One does not always find so faithful an attendant. Nothing gives me any relief when these attacks come upon me but clear, cold water or the strongest coffee, and Conyers will go down to the kitchen for it at any hour of the night without a murmur. I often tell him to ring for one of the other servants, but he will not do it. It is no trouble whatever, he says, when I object." " It is a wonder he didn't die young," said Graham, with a careless laugh and shrug of his shoulders. " ' Whom the gods love,' you know, Lee !" " You may run him if you choose," said Lee, stoutly, "and guy me too, for that matter, but he is a faithful fellow, Jack/' "Not the least doubt of it, my dear fellow," said Jack," with quiet indifference. " JNot the least doubt that the figure on the wall yonder is the artist. Hello, Phil ! What is the effect this morning ? That cat-boat over east against the green island would make a chai ming study of oolour. Is that what you're at ?" " Yes," said Curtis, glancing up, a slight flush on his face. For he was still sensitive regarding his art. " It makes a telling canvas, Graham. The lights are so vivid, you see." And melting into conversation upon art, the subject of the faithful attendant died away and was forgotten by one of the two disputants-not by the other. The week passed quiokly away bringing about the day when Doctor Graham must return to his duties and hiB patients. The young men were crowded upon the piazza to see him off, for he was a general favorite, and, all talking at once, it was impossible to distiuguish any special speech or speaker. " ' All the world's a stage,' and all the men and women are are puppets in a drama of farewell !" exclaimed Newton, suddenly turning upon Morgan, who was using a gigantic handkerchief, with an elaborate impressment, and slapping him violently upon the back. " But cheer up ! He'll appear in the next scene, old fellow j so don't bowl too loud it spoils the effect." " 2?s-pecially aByour handkerchif is so disgrace- fully dry," added Burnside, shaking his own out to ita full size with extieme care. The unabasheddelinquent wiped his eyes and then his nose, with tender solicitude. Then, his eyes fall- ing upon the dripping handkerchief, in Burnside's hands, he made a sudden and most unexpected dash at him, exclaiming, in excessive scorn : "At least my grief is real, Bob Burnside, while yours cries of the waterbutt !" And in the midst of the laughter and hubbub following this announcement, Doctor Graham, turning upon the steps as he was descending to where his horse was waiting for him, laid one hand affectionately upon the broad shoulder of his host, as he said, earnestly : ' " As you have had none of those attacks since I have been here, I am led to believe that you are recovering from them without the aid of any physician, my dear fellow !" Au awkward flush touched for an instant the young man's face. Then he said, slowly, turning aside from the doctor's searching eyes : " I was ill-so-two nights ago, Jack, and Conyera went to summon you ; but he could not rouse you. It really doesn't matter, though, for Conyera did all that was necessary, and it would have been too bad to waken you from so sound a sleep." » " The devil it would !" exclaimed the angry doctor, shortly, as his hand dropped upon the other's shoulder, a frown darkening his brows. "Ab I am a remarkably light sleeper, Price, it must have been an equally light summons that couldn't rouse me." And springing to the saddle, he galloped away without another word or one backward glance at the group upon the cool piazza. (To be continued.) 