IN THE CEDAR CHAM- BER. It would be almost impossible to. discover any one more entirely devoid of superstition than myself. But when I was seventeenyears old an event happened which caused .me to believe mine a haunted life. I was. staying at Paris in the house of my guardian, Mr. Charles, aud dressing for my first ball at the English ! embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian i taste, had been fastened, aud I stood before the ! glass while the maid arranged the flowers in ; my hair. A splendid bouquet lay beside my j gloves and fan on the table. '•Ah, now mademoiselle is beautiful!" Jus- • tine exclaimed in French, as she stepped back ! to survey her work. I blushed with pleasure. It was the first compliment that had been paid me, and my ; glass told me that it was true. " I wonder who seut me these flowers ?" I said, taking up the bouquet preparatory to . leaving the room. *» Mademoiselle will doubtless discover her ' admirer among her partners to-night,'' was the reply. At this moment there was a knock at the door. A telegram was handed to me. " Mrs. Northcote is dangerously ill, aud wishes to see her step daughter before she dies." Startled, dismayed, but beyond all measure vexed at receiving such an untimely message, I dropped the paper upon the floor. " Bring me a railway guide—quick !" I said to Justine. Mrs. Northcote was my stepmother, but we had never met. My father had married in India, taking an half-caste for his second wife, and when he died he left to liis widow, for her life, the old family estate at Crowsnest, to which he had only just succeeded. I found by the railway guide that if I changed my dress with speed I could catch the last train that night from Paris. By noon, next day I should reach Dashire, in which Crowsnest is situated. *'Justine," I cried excitedly, "bring my travelling dress. Tou must go with ire tonight to England." ' " Mon Dieu, mademoiselle! would you take off that ravishing dr^ss that suits you to such marvel. Would you give np the ball?" Once more I looked at my reflection it the glass, then took up the time-table again. At , nine o'clock next morning there was another • train. Meditatiyeiy I raised the bouquet to my face. Who was it said ; " The woman who hesitates is lost ?" The sweet perfume of the flowers permeated my senses. Who had sent them to me ? Curiosity prevailed. I would go to the ball and solve the mystery. Mr. and Mrs. Charles were waiting for me when 1 went down. I said nothing about the telegram. We entered the coupe and drove at once to the embassy. The ball was a brilliant one, and I was quite intoxicated with the adulation I received. " The new debutante !" was on everybody's lips. The nijrht was half over before I even remembered that 1 bad not discovered the sender of my beautiful bouquet. " Of «hat were you thinking so profoundly, Miss Northcjte ?" asked a gentleman in a way i hat made me start. The speaker was Mr. Weston. He had been i:;t;- ');iucocl to me a few days before at uiy guardian's house. " 1 was thinking of the sender of these lovely flowers. and wondeHns who he is. Sse, my jisn.o, Nisia,' is spelled out in white violets," «::<! I hcid the bouquet toward him. " 1 hope you were thinking kindly of the dono;." „ Ti:oei-d 1 was." " Thank you. Will you always so think of him—of me ?" My surprise took away my breath. Besides his manner embarrassed me. It inferred much more than the words. I danced with him more frequently than with any one else, aud found a new aud strange attraction in his presence. On returning from the ball I told my kind host and hostess of the telegram, and inv determination to start for Englaud on the" morrow. » " You might have saved a few hours, dear,'' she said. " Only a few. And then I might have missed the most delightful experience of my life," I answered feivently, *' But it was a case of life and death, my child." she added gently. I auswered nothing, for I felt her words were a reproof. My trunks were soon packed by Justine, -who was to accompany me. My guardian also insisted on going with me, and late the next night we were driven through the dark country roads to Crowsnest. A stately housekeeper met us in the hall. "Miss Northcote, you come too late,"she said severely. My dear mistress died three hours ago. If you had left Paris last night you would have been in time. My lady had a communication to make to you." " What was it ?'" I asked. " That no one will ever know in this world," was the answer. I was much distressed ; and somehow I felt as though Mrs. Stevens was my enemy. My guardian remained till after the funeral. Then, in vain, he urged me to return to Paris. I wished to remain a few weeks longer in the old house, now my own. With the exception of one bedroom, a description of Crowsnest is.not necessary to the development of my tale, but to describe that is imperative. It was long and large and the walls were panelled with cedar wood. On the panels hung framed tapestry pictures, die work of -past generations of the Northcotes. The ceiling of cedar, with curiously carved rafters, made the walls look even lower than they were. A timem el lowed square of Indian carpet covered the centre of the floor on which stood the bed, raised ou a dais. There were two windows, that nearest the bed a bay with diamond panes, the hangings similar to those of the bed, of rich brocade with pink satin linings. On the side of the window ne Irest the bed was fixed'a mo-, dern gas bracket, which struck me as a strange anomnly amid antique surroundings. It was inthis chamber my stepmother died, but not' being superstitious, I decided to occupy it myself. No sooner had my guardian left Crowsnest than I told Mrs. Stevens to have the cedar chamber prepared for me. She looked troubled and urged various reasons against my occupying it, noiic of which appeared to me of any weight. At last she said,— "It was Mrs. Northcote's wish that that room should not be used. She died in it." " And do you suppose I am so foolish as to be afraid to sleep there.on that account 2" " It Is not my -province to suppose anything, Miss Northcote. If you h&d; seen my late mistress before she died site would have given you her reasons herself. As it is—" " As it is, Mrs. Stevens, I am now mistress : here, and have set my heart on that particular room. Have it" prepared, please, as I wish to occupy it at once." _ But as she turned away I «aught a particular Icofc on her face which perplexed aa much as. it annoyed me. * . .. My belongings were promptly removed into ; the coveted room, Justine occupying a small adjoiuing "dressing-room to• which there was; : *JO communication. . '"'-•";' Thé first night ia my new quarters Tvascjose and x oppressive, and "Ï r e m e m b e r e d ' fiiid the. scent of the cedar wood «àthér over-' • jay way acroBB the floor with difficulty,-foriJie; r^iètiiB^I^ ~ ' Three nights later 1 agaiuf woke with a senBe of languor and oppression. The gas bëside the "window gave out a dim light; beyond it a faint moonbeam slanted across tlie room in which lay the shadow of a pear tree that grew close to the house. I could trace the shadow of the branches -and the leaves, and Watched them as they flickered, stirred by the night wind. Keeping my eyes open in a half sleepy manner, all at-once i became conscious of seeing symetliiug else besides the moonlight and the gaslight—something that seemed to be between i iie two. It was faint and indistinct, ceriainlv, but none the less it resembled a female form. The head appeared to rest on the baud, the hair with a ruddy gleam on it floated back on the shoulders. The rest of the figure was lost in darkness. I was sufficiently awake to know it was no freak of fancy, and yet the figure was altogether so faintly deliued aud vague in detail that before long I fell asleep aud the next morning remembered it as a dream only. The succeeding night, however, 1 again awoke, and on opentug my eyes beheld the self-same figure. But this time it was more clearly visible, especially the face, which, turned toward me, I saw to be that of a very beautiful woman. Moreover, to my" unspeakable dismay, I discovered in it a resemblance to my step-mother, whom I had seen once ouly, as she lay in her coffin. The sight was the more distressing to rae inasmuch as the face wore atx expression of sad reproach. Had the spirit of my father's wife returned to earth to upbraid me for not obeying the summons to herdyiug bed ? In vain I closed my eyes. Whenever I opened them I saw the sweet reproachful face : and it was not until the summer morning dawned that it entirely disappeared and I arose from my bed sad atd tired after the night's vigil. Twice more the visitation came ; after that, for two or three weeks, the visits ceased ; then were once more resumed. Before I had been two months at Crowsnest all my vaunted courage fled ; and though I had spoke of what I had seen to no one, yet I was sensitively conscious that Mrs. Stevens saw something was amiss with me. I was morbidly fearful that she had a suspicion of the, cause. 1 was %ure of this when she said one morning— not by any means unkindly— "Justine tells me you have not slept well, Miss Northcote. Do you not find the cedar chamber comfortable?" " Yes, perfectly. I would not change it for anything," I replied. Comfortable with that haunting presence ? I hope I shall be forgiven for the subterfuge ! As to Justine, she!was continually urging me to quit the place, attributing my'depression to the climate, to the dull life I led, to anything rather than to the real cause. But at length her persistency aud my guardian's beseeching letters prevailed, and I returned once more to Paris. There I renewed my acquaintance with Mr. Weston. It was impossible to be blind to his intentions. Every word and look told me that he loved me, and the day came when he asked me to be his wife. To his evident surprise, and to my inexpressible sorrow. 1 refused to marry him. Gould I join a haunted life to that of the man I loved with all my soul ? True, I had' had no visitation from the beautiful, reproachful face since I left dear Crowsnest ; but might it not return at any hour ? Oh, why had my step-mother cast this blight upon my life ? Was it such a heinous crime not to have gone in time to see lier die? Suddenly I became possessed with a strange longing to re-visit Crowsnest, to see again tïe weird apparition that had exerciseS so subtle an influence on toy life. With the persistent waywardness of a spoiled child, 1 insistedjon going home ; I insisted also that no one but Justine should accompany me. My guardian yielded to my wishes and I went. But not once more during my mouth's visit did I see the hannting face. I-believed that my persecution was ended. Un my return to Paris Mr. Weston renewed his offer aud I accepted him. A few mouths of married happiness effectually dispersed the clcud that had overshadowed me. My mind—warped and weakened as it had been by giving way to morbid fancies—gained tone and vigor daily by associating with my i husband's, which was eminently matter of fact and practical. It was therefore without the slightest foreboding of evil that we set out for Dashire to spend the summer months at Crowsnest. Guy was much pleased with the old house ; above all with the cedar chamber, which I found had been prepared for us. It was late at night when we arrived, aud there was no time to alter the arrangements ; besides, there was no need, for I believed as I have stated, that I had outlived my fears. Both Guy and I were tired by our journey, and on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep, Toward morning I awoke. A stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old the shadow of the pear tree lay along the floor, flickering in the night wind. I watched it for a while, and then this shadow being closely associated in my mind with something else—I looked toward the bay window and could scarcely suppress a cry. There in the old place, batween the gaslight and the moonlight, appeared—the face ! "Guy," I whispered, trembling, "awake! I'm so frightened !" What is it, Nina ? Have you seen a ghost ?" he asked lightly. "Hush! Iiook there!" Raising himself upon his elbow he glanced toward the window. " Why there is a woman in- the room !" he exclaimed in great consternation. Then after a moment's pause, he continued slowly aud deliberately, as though reading by a bad light from a book. " No it is only an illusion—but what an illusion ! I seem to see a beautiful woman, her head turned this way, supported by her hand. Her auburn hair hangs about her shoulders. It is a very handsome face, but 8àd." "Stay .'What would you do?" I asked, as he made a quick movement forward. £ Dispel the illusion, dear." "Oh, Guy !" Unheeding he went to the window and shook the curtain. " May all ghostly visitants be as easily dispersed," he said, laughing, as the figure quivered, swayed, became distorted, then in a moment vanished. " What was it ?" " I will produce it and you shall see." He let the curtain fall loose and it took its old folds and creases. There sure enough she was again. "And is this what scared you on your first visit here ?" turning to me suddenly as though a new light had broke on him. " Yes, I thought it was the spirit of my stepmother. I'imagined the likeness of course.*' Then between laughter and tears, I made a full confession of all. my superstitious folly. . Nèri morning we closely questioned Mis. Stevens. .She expressed' her belief that the cedar «hàînber was haunted, and that the communication her mistress had to make to me was We read of strange results brought about by the Juxtaposition of certain heavenly bodies. Here was jaa instance most unique in its way„ in i^(|| « lieaveiily body—the uioon—aided by such cd^ponplace materials as ja gas bracket and on ©làsilk :cnrtaîn, produced -as perfectspecimen of jft^eatttifui female ghost as e ver visited '$SHe: ?Eou're getting tço proud to recog- I bowed to you yesterday, even deign to return Of cbijpsisxiot 1 1 think 