THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR CONVENTION. THE first meeting of the Christian Endeavour Convention was held on Sunday morning at the Victoria Hall. The Secretary of the Union presided, and although the rain fell heavily a number of societies were represented. . The first meeting, on Monday (Consecration), was held in the Flinders-street Lecture Hall, when Mr. C, J. Holder (Vice-President of the Union) presided over an assembly of 340. The meeting, which lasted about three hours, was a powerful one throughout. Miss J. A. Stuckey spoke impressively on " Consecration in the Daily Life." The address, which showed careful preparation, was ably delivered and listened to with earnest attention. A holy enthusiasm was experienced by those present, and prayer and singing was entered into with a freedom born of the Holy Spirit Mr. U. T, Rowe spoke on " Christ our Keeper." He said it was only as we yielded ourselves to Christ and trusted Him that we would be kept. Mr. A, W. Fletcher, B. Sc., gave an earnest paper on " Joy in Service." Freshness of joy in the Christian life was to be maintained in la daily devoted service to Christ. " The finest life was spent in doing nobly a multitude of unromautic things." The Societies responded iu a most animating and varied way to the Consecration roll-call. Hymn " Take my Life" was followed by silent prayer. Mr. A. S. Wilson gave a short address on prayer. No true Endeavour Society could live except in the atmosphere of prayer. The Holy • Spirit wanted an absolutely surrendered heart in which to pray, this was " praying ill the Holy Ghost."—Rom. viii. 27. The hallowed time was concluded by a united Com- munion Service, dispensed by the President, assisted by Revs. Jas. Allen, W. F. James, C. H. Goldsmith, Messrs. B. Mather, R. Woolcock v and Pastor T. Adcock. Between the morning and afternoon sessions a picnic lunch was enjoyed, cups of tea being provided by the Union. THE afternoon session was held at the Stow Lecture-hall, the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., presiding till four o'clock, when Mr. C. J. Holder took the chair. It was unanimously decided to send letters of greeting to the Second Advent and Bible Christian Conventions met at the same time. A telegram from the New South Wales Christian Endeavour Convention, expressing hearty and loving greetings, was read amidst applause. The following societies were then enrolled:—Woodville, Kent Town, Mel- Bourne Street, and Semaphore Wesleyan; Summertown, Stirling East, and Goodwood Bible Christian ; Angaston, Southwark, Petersburg, Mitcham, Carrondown, Parkside, and Hilton Baptist Societies, with Kadina and Woodside undenominational societies. A letter from the Bible Christian Conference reciprocating the kindly greetings sent was received. The statis tics for Australasia were given as nearly as could be obtained as follows :—Victoria, 141 societies, of which 56 were Wesleyan; New Zealand, 10 ; Tasmania, 7; Queensland, 10; New South Wales, 31; South Australia, 58; the latter bad 1,500 members. Mr. A- W. Fletcher, B.Sc., who proceeds to Edinburgh, was elected as a delegate to Christian Endeavour Societies in Great Britain. Mr. Fletcher thanked the meeting i for their confidence. An interesting .paper was read by Mr. G. W.- Summers, introducing the subject of "Junior Endeavour Organisations," which raised a good deal of discussion!, The Flinders-street Baptist intended to have a junior, middle, and senior C.E. The junior was working well, and the Petersburg society had taken next place in a junior society. A well-written paper, on "Christian Endeavor Literature," by Mr. Frank Hone, B.A. The literature had been translated into seven different languages, but the C.E. book must ever be the Bible. To be faithful and successful in any special work we must get a thorough knowledge of its methods, and we shall be more successful as Endeavorers as we study the excellent booklets bearing on our work. The Clare Society had started through a book. The Golden Rule was accessible to all Union members at the Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. During the discussion attention was called to the intercolonial monthly paper, to appear on Angust 1, the Union having guaranteed 500 copies. The Consecration Meeting was dealt with in an able way by Miss Stuckey, and several valuable suggestions were made as to the mode of conducting the meeting. _ Dangers were pointed out. This paper, which is expected to be published in full, aroused a lively discussion, participated in by both sexes. The earnest interest in "these practical subjects, by the 450 persons present, was evident to the most casual observer. The tea, which was held in the Victoria Hall, was part; k:en of by 840 persons, and long before the time for opening the evening session, an eager crowd were struggling for seats. At 7 p.m. President Mead found the hall packed with over 1,300 people composed of eight denominations. The burning enthusiasm on " The Possibilities of the C.E. Movement" elicited hearty and sympathetic applause. He urged the members to make full use of the opportunities afforded by the movement for active service, and in all ways strive to act in accordance with its motto, " For Christ and the Church." Amidst intense enthusiasm the roll-call of societies took place, the delegates from distant country places receiving additional applause. After the thirty- nine societies in the Union had been Flinders Street Junior Endeavourers sang sweetly— " I'll do what you want me to do, Lord, I'll say what you want me to say, Lord, I'll go where you want me to go, Lord." " Throw out the life-line" and other hymns by the Endeavour Choir, with one of the first South Australian Endeavourers (Dr. Mead) as conductor, were appropriately expressive, and went with an exhilarating swing. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., gave a real short Endeavour speech. His hearty sympathy with the great movement was established at once. Its growth he termed miraculous. The movement was in accord with the spirit of Christianity and the British nation. It exhibited that united individualism which was the secret of Britain's suc- ;s. Other nations fought in masses, but the British army depended greatly upon the strength of its individual soldiers. The thin red line that climbed the heights of Alma showed more courage than soldiers who hurled themselves ia masses against a fortress. It was on that development of individuality—not isolation—that the success of the Christian Endeavor Society rested. It had a great work to accomplish, and merited all possible encouragement. Mr. J. B. Allen, B.Sc., an earnest Endeavor worker, spoke concisely and effectively on the " Aim of the C. E. Society." The Lord Jesus Christ had the very first place in our societies, hence their success. The speaker had the sympathy of the audience, and was warmly applauded. The Rev. Chas. Bright gave a forcible address on the " C. E. Movement in relation to Missionary Enterprise." The Christian Endeavor idea he considered equalled that given by God to Carey to become the pioneer of missionary work in India. He was heard with rapt attention as he sought to stimulate the interest in home and foreign mission work. The hall, which was adorned with a number of beautiful " Endeavor " banners, has seldom, if ever, had within its walls such a gathering of youthful Christian workers, and it was felt by all that an epoch in S.A. Christian Fndeavor had taken place. Mr. J. F. Foley, bush missionary, reports visiting the people on the eastern slopes of the Flinders Ranges, He was hospitably received by both men and masters. Owing to the scarcity of feed it was a trying time for his horse. Finding good feed at Paralana, he remained there three weeks, visiting all the camps and huts within reach. Thence he went round the northern end of the range, visiting ail the people possible, both by trap and on foot. At Udanamutana there are a number of men prospecting for gold. While the prospects of this district are good there is nothing to warrant a rush. The population ia the vicinity is 360 men, besides some women and children; at Mount Freeling there are about a hundred people destitute of the means of grace. Mr. Foley was the.Jrst who had visited them with the Gospel. He spent a'fortnight at Mount Lyndhurst, Mount Freeling, and Mount Ogilvie stations. At Mount Ogilvie goldfield Mr, Foley preached in Mr. Crump's boardinghouse on two successive Sundays to congregations of forty persons on each occasion. Prom Mount Ogilvie he went to Leigh's Creek and . Myrtle stations, and thence intends to work his way south to Port Augusta. The Treasurer begs to acknowledge the sum of one guinea from Knoxville Congregational Sunday-school, and 5s. from two eisters]on behalf of the Bush Mission with thanks.' 