THE LATE CARDINAL MANNING. | The dtath'of'His"Eminence Heaiy Eflward Maniiitigj tJfttUi&aV; Archbishop of -West imneter, d&priyefe; ^fae'religious world of-one 'of its leading prelate^, lihirfish Catholics of ? their chief* ahd 'tb'e world of an. eBthtuaiastic social reformer; Cardinal Manning, who was of 'very ndvanced ago, bad been in- failing healthfora considerable time. but only "Within tiie past few1 days hiadhis condition given cause for serioub hlahn. His death was hastenbdfey an acute attack of .oongestion of the 'lungs. Cardinal ^Mining died in his eighty-fourth year. He wasHtbe son of the late Mn William Manning, a Tiondon merchant, formerly Governor of the Bank of England, and for many years M.P. -for Evesham, and sub sequently for Ptinrhyn. Hewas born on July 15,1808, in tile village of Totteridge, Hertford shire, and went to Ik educated at Harrow, which is near to his native place. Among his contemporaries at the ancient school were such men as Lord Claud Hamilton, Lord Dalb teie (sometime Governor-General of India), X*. * Abercorn, Bishop Oharlea Wordsworth, and Archbishop Trench.1 From Harrow the future Cardinal wenttoBaliol College, Oxford, and iu 18S0, at twenty-two, he graduated li.A., with first-class classical honours. On the same class-list were Professor Anstice, who became famouB for his lyric translations from the Greek tragedies, and Henry Wilber force. Afterwards he was elected fellow of Meiton College, and having taken holy orders iu the Established Church be became a Select Vreacher at Oxford-a very high distinction iudeed. In 1834 we find the Cardinal fieotor of Lavingtoh with Graffham in Sussex. Here he remained till 1840, when he was raised to the Archdeaconry of Chester. One of (he fore most men in the English Church- at that time remarked-"It ' is about the most perfect appointment that ever was made. Manning is a truly wise and holy man, devoted, self sacrificing, wild,' and loving." It is worth nbtiolng here traces of what may lie considered unoonseious Romanism in Dr. Manning's theological views. Even when Kector on the South Downs in his sermon on "The English Church: its Succession and Witness for Christ," occurs the following ex pression:-"For the first 1,500 years of Christianity Ghrist's earthly Church was one, and Wis ministry one, till apostolic unity of faith and practice withered away in the hollow sameness of the Romish ceremonial." As Archdeacon Manning the deceased published four volumes of sermons of considerable note sermons which innumerable young ministers learnt by heart, and which were remarkable for emotion and advanced intellectual thought. Ills series of discourses before the University j ?of Oxford, printed from 1844 to 1850, won for the preacher fame as an orator, and set out to j some extent the track upon which the Arch -dcacon wae destined to enter a few years later. The Cardinal himself dated as far back as 1838 his first public act in that direction. : This act consisted in nothing more nor less than the publication of a letter addressed to the Bishop of Chichester. The letter ?was followed up by a fcmall volume entitled " The Rule of Faith." But it is generally conceded that the real breaking of the tie to the English Church was in 1840, . when the Archdeacon published "The Unity of the Church." His formal secession from the Established Church of England dates back to 1851, six years after the late Cardinal Newman went over to Roman Catholicism. The historio event was hastened by the Gorham case, the result of which was to leave the baptismal regeneration question virtually an open one in the English Church. Strong protestB against the decision were entered by Manning, Arch deacon "Wilberforce, and Professor Mill, who circulated that memorable declaration among the clergy. ' "The reeent sentence of the Crown in, the case of Mr. Gorham's appeal having shown'that the powers exercised by the State in- the. administration of ecclesiastical discipline," it), was said, "extend even to the most purely t spiritual questions of faith and doctrine,, it beobmes an absolute duty for those -who are bound by oath and subscription to the existing state of the law to examine -aud to : declare in what sense they understand the . spremacy to which under such solemn obligations they are committed. . . . Our present desire is to ascertain to what extent the necessity of obtaining amend ment of the Statute law in this particular is felt; and our future intention is, if circum stances shall justify our hope, to endeavour to prevail on some members of tne Legislature to undertake; the conduct oi this great and momentous question." This was the declara tion enclosed"1. That we have hitherto acknowledged, and do now acknowledge, the supremacy of the Crown in ecclesiastical matters to be a supreme civil power over all persons and causes in temporal things and over the temporal accidents of spiritual things. 2. That we do not, and in conscience cannot, acknowledge the power recently exercised to hear and judge in appeal the internal state and merits of spiritual questions touching dootrine or discipline, the custody of which is committed to the Church alone by the law of Christ. We therefore, for the relief of our own con science, hereby publicly declare that we acknowledge the Royal supremacy in the sense above stated and in no other." The decision of the Court was, however, generally accepted, ! and Archdeacon Manning resigned his pre ferments and joined the Homish Church. j The Cardinal himself, in explanation in after j years of his reason for becopiing a Roman Catholic, said-I have had no other motive than a perpetual and ardent desire to give to others the truth as God has given it to me, and am fully conscious of the great imperfections of the books which I wrote while as yet I knew I the revelation of the day of Pentecost only in a I broken and fragmentary way. As I saw the I truth so I spoke it, not^without cost to myself. | But I had no choice. I could not but declare that which was evidently to ine " the truth as i it is in Jesus," the works which I then pub- | lished, even without the private records which I have by me, are enough to mark the progres sive but'slow and never-receding advance of my j conv ictions, f i om the first conception of a visible Church, its succession and virtues for Christ to the full perception and manifestation of its Divine organization, of head and mem-! bore, and of its supernatural prerogatives of indefectible life, indissoluble unity, infallible discernment, and (enunciation of the Faith. Those books have a unity that is of progress, 1 and a directness pf movement, always affirm-1 ing positively and definitely such truths of the perfect revelation of God as successively rose upon me. I was, one manu tcntans, mtrtdic cacutins, but a .Divine guide, as yet unknown to me, always led me on. I can well remember at the outset of xny life as a pastor, as I then already believed, the necessity of a Divine commission forced itself upon me; next, how the necessity of a Divine certainty for the mes sage I had to deliver beoame, if possible, more evident. A divine, that is an infallible, message by a human messenger is still the ? truth of God; but a human or fallible message by a messenger having a divine commission would be' a source of error, illusion, and all evil. I then perceived the principle of Chris tian tradition as an evidence of the truth and of the visible unity of the Church as the THE LATE CARDINAL MANNING. guarantee of that tradition. But it was many years before I perceived that such a Christian tradition was no more than human, and there fore fallible. I had reached the last point to which human history could guide me towards the Church of God. There remained one point more-to know that the Church w.os not only a human witness in the order of history but a divine witness in the order of super natural facts." Confirmed on April 13, 1SD1, by the very Prelate whom he afterwards succeeded in the Archiepiscopate at Westminster, he was ordained to the priesthood in the Romish Church, and in three months from hiB confirmation he had become a full ecclesiastic. In the autumn of the same year he entered the Acadetaia Eccle nasticaat Rome, and excepting when he went to England each summer ne remained there Studying the theology of the Church he bad joined till 1854t'in which year at the instance of Cardinal Wiseman the Pope admitted him to the degree of D.D. Soon after his return to England be founded the Congregation of the Oblates of St. Charles at Bayswater. This work, which took three years to organise, was completed in June, 1857. Dr. Manning was elected Superior of the Congregation, andheld the position for nearly eight years. JHeanwliile, though he was Provost of Westminister and Prothonotary Apostolic, so great was his progress, that on June 8, 1865, upon the death of Cardinal Wiseman, he was conse crated Archbishop of Westminister in the presence of all the Roman Catholic powers and the representatives of the principal families attached to the Catholic communion in England. Four years later he attended the Vatican Council, and by his discourses of writings contributed very largely to the passing of the decree which assigned infallibility to the Pontiff. In 1875 the Arohbishop became a Cardinal Priest. He was elevated to this office on March 15, took the oath and received the biretta on the lGbh, and the ring and crosier on the 31st. On the laBt day of the month he assumed the title of I SS. Andrew and Gregory on the Coelian Hill. ' About a thousand of the British residents in Home, Protestant as well as Catholic, attended the ceremony, and the new Cardinal, alter an Italian address to the Monks of St. Gregory, preached a sermon in English. Pope Pius IX. invested him with the Cardinal's Hat in a consistory at ths Vatican on December 31, 1877. Cardinal Manning was practically his own Pope in England. His life in the Archi episcopate is referred to elsewhere. As a social reformer and worker iu the interests of the toiling masses his efforts call for particular notice. Ever since his elevation to offices! which might have occasioned opposition the Cardinal retained a great influence in England. The venerable Archbishop's opinions were : sought and followed on a great many questions of the day. To him the social question was the greatest of all. He cared for the people with a loving heart; he yearned for their I uplifting.' \Vo need only go back to the great strike at the London docks, the circumstances of which are still fresh in public memory, to get an instance of his practical cara for tiiem. j Pew have asked for his advice in vain. He loved to help the poor at all costs, though he was ever ready to act in the interests of em ployer and labourer alike. I Education was one of his great themes'. He maintained that School Board religion was. denominational as against the Catholics, and he favoured having the Catholic schools under the inspection of the County Conncil as regards education and the general welfare of the children in return for the privilege of sharing I in the rates monopolized by the Board Schools. The Cardinal was a member of the Royal Commission on Education. His idea was that religious education should be imparted after the .school hours, under the super vision of the County Council, and be solely 'controlled by the religious body that bad the Tight of instruction by volunfelry contribu , turns.'. He opposed the Education Act of 1870 because'it failed to provide for any doc I trinal teaching, and refused assistance to the voluntary schools, and he strongly disapproved of the Free Education Act, because free educa tion agreed to by the English Parliament must be seoular. The crusade for the suppression of the liquor traffic had a vigorous champion in the late Cardinal. Himself a total abstainer from alcoholic drinks, he was ever rousing the Church to stamp out the evil of drink, and in the Contemporary Review not long ago pro tested strongly against the proposal to apply public revenue to the support of the liquor trade. He was President of the Total Abstinence League of tho Cross. In addition to the duties that devolved upon him in organizing liis Diocese and founding new missions, his sympathies went out strongly towards the children. A well-known writer, who was intimately acquainted with his spheres of labour, recently remarked-"Cardinal Manning has the advantage of laving lived in the ordinary human relations. \V hen he speaks of the home as the sacred foundation of society, he differs from tho Roman priest, who by the conditions of his calling is homeless and wifeless. Cardinal Manning has been married. He has had a home. He is, therefore, not -cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. His lovo for children 'is with him an abiding passion." In conjunction with the Rev. Benjamin Waugh, the Direotor of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, the Cardinal published "The Child of the English Savage," which first stirred the conscience of English people to , their regard for outcast children, and through the Cardinal Her Majesty the Queen ! intimated her intention to beoome patroness of the Society referred to. To the agitation in favour of the Criminal Law Amendment Act a few years ago, he also lent his support. He was a great helper to the Home Rule cause, and movements in favour of the abolition of slavery also found in him a warm hearted advocate. Together with Cardinal Gibbons-it waB an open secret-the deceased prelate spared no effort to convince the Vatican that " the time of tho dynasties is past, and that the era of the peonies has fully dawned." Cardinal Manning had been an active member of nearly every Mansion House Committee, whether for the London Hospitals, the unemployed, the settlement of labour dis putes, or the relief of distress in England and elsewhere. His charitable work, bis efforts on behalf of the orphans, and the attention he has given to such matters as the housing of the poor are known to all. A year ago the Cardinal wrote a most eloquent letter, read at the meeting in the Guildhall, London, in connection with the persecution of the Jews in Russia. Cardinal Manning was prevented by a severe cold from attending the meeting, and, therefore, sent his written opinions on the momentous ques tion which then agitated, and still is agitating the public mind. One expression then made by the Cardinal is worth quoting-"The per sonal and domestic duties of the Czar are, indeed, a sure pledge that be is incapable of harshness to the least of his subjects; and the illustrious lady who shares his throne like her Royal sister, to whom all Englishmen are chivalrously devoted, is n supreme guarantee of the Imperial justice and clemency." To the Cardinal the Nonconformists were nearer in their approach to the Romish Church than the Anglicans, and the Quakers the nearest of the Nonconformists. "The Quakers," he said, "hold fast to the funda mental truth of tho reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that tliey need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." On June 8,1890, the Cardinal's Epmoonal ' jubilee was celebrated, and on that oooasion His Eminence was the recipient of many con gratulations and gifts. In October of the same year, when by the way a discussion took place as' to the Cardinal's precedence, an address from the Jewish community was presented to him. At the time of his jubileee most appre ciative characteristic sketches of the life of the Cardinal were mode by the newspaper Press. One of the best describing the Cardinal.at! home, stated:-" The sanctum sanctorum of His Eminence is a very litter of confusion to the eye of the rare visitors admitted within its sacred precincts, but to the eye of its owner it is far otherwise; to him, apparently, there is a place for everything, and everything is in its place. The Cardinal sits in the centre of a rampart of books, papers, and magazines heaped up all round his chair. Ton cannot help thinking that this is confusion worse con founded, but wait until there is need for reference to any volume or article bearing .on the subject under discussion. Down swoops the hand of the Cardinal upon the very thing that is wanted, and the extract is reached and read before you woul4 have time to go to the bookshelf. But it ia not here that tue Caidwal generally receives lib (tueets.- The in tending visitor is received at the door Ay Mr. ij13?-n0 Bk,6tch t'5e Arcbjjisliop'a -house would bp complete without the silhb-eite, of this faithful, quaint, old retainer, whohaslmd the honour of .being the much-trusted friend n o! Cardinal Wiseman and Cardinal Manning--and ushered into a.email waiting-room leading out ofthe severely bare ?Mid epaoious hall, built in somewhat old | Koman fashion, short white marble steps lead VI&\- i7i ® * fl°or and reception-iooms. ilts Eminence will see you at onoe.' Up the fteirs, through » large ante chamber, and you find:?ourself in the Cardinal's ordinary reception-room, lighted by four large windows. On the round table, placed somewhat close to the fireplace, so as to leave the centre of the room free, he a dozen books and pamphlets, curiously indicate, as a rule-they are changed and added to constantly-of Cardinal Manning a wide sympathies and catholicity of taste and culture. Mr. Henry James's *ir »"£ Nathaniel Hawthorne' lies next to Mm Alice Meynell's account of the work and mission of the little Sisters of Nazareth; and a couple of programmes of the great Hyde Park JJemonstration lie atop of a volume of ,,Tk° fathers of the Desert.' It is clear that the Cardinal Archbishop is true to all his colours, A quick, light step can be heard; a door on the right opens, and with a slight rustling of his scarlet soutane, over which is thrown a black cloak, His Eminence enters, the t thin white hand, adorned with an archiepiscopal ring, held out in cordial saluta tion, or to receive the respectful kiss, if bis visitor be one of the faithful. On first aeein? the Cardinal people are generally struck with his look of fragility and delicacy. His ex tremely thin frame appears the more meagre by reason of his height; the sharp, clear-cut features, overhanging forehead, and deep-set eyes, rovered by the small scarlet akuli-oap, at once give the impression that you are before a recluse who is the very embodiment of austerity. Yet this would be an utter mistake, inere is no man in London more eagerly interested m all that is going on, and better up to date in all political, philanthropic, and reli gious movements than the Archbishop of West minster. In a low, cleat voiec he informs him self of his visitor's business, going straight i. u P01 with the directness ana quiesude which are hiB greatest characteristics. Nothing can be kinder and more courteous W«5LAl!/n^erca5dl BPPe,c51 to strangers. IN ever at fault to find the right subject to dis cuss, His Eminence always utters during the audienoe some word of warning or counsel which will remain, and he never fails to ask his visitors to come and see him again; often he presents them with one of his own works to take away as a souvenir of their visit to the Archbishop s house; and to children brought to see him he gives a picture or medal. As is well known to those who have the privilege of often seeing the Cardinal, the question of temperance seems to him one of the moat vital questions affecting the Enirland of to-day and to- morrow. It is recorded of him that twice, when supposed to be in articulo mortis, he absolutely refused to drink brandy, evidently coMderingexamplo the best half of preaching. Cardinal Manning, whose diet is almost en tirely composed of eggs and toast, has never given a luncheon party in his life. His recep tions, however, count among the functions which, once attended, are never forgotten. The audience chamber in which the Cardinal Arch bishop receives on these occasions recalls, in general colouring and appearance, the apart ment occupied by Cardinal Rampolla, the .rope s Secretaiy of State at the Vatican. The note of colour-struck is a dark full red and dull gold. And over the orowd that the Cardinal occasionally gathers about him frowns thehuge'pictut-e of Savonarola assisting at the deathbed of Lorenzo di Medici. All sorts and conditions of men a coudoyer each other. Mr. Tsewman announcing each arrival in* a ejs?r, precise manner. His Eminence, attired in full red canonicals, is an im posiiig figure, and owing to his never forgetting a face once seen-said to be a privilege of princes-all are Sent away pleased and gratified with Bome special mark of their gist S recollection pi interest in their concerns. His Eminence's brougham- specially built for him by an old friend, is a familiar sight when ever anything affecting the oommonweal is stirring, and he often abandons the Pro Cathedral in order to preach a series of short practical sermons in someofhis poorer parishes The announcement that His Eminenoe the Cardinal Archbishop is going to preach always produces a large congregation. You may seB the Cardinal anywhere and everywhere, in the palace or in the hovel, in his Cathedral or in the lobby of the House of Commons, but you oannot see him to such advantage as in the bare-looking square edifice in Vaux-hall-bridge road, dignified by the title of Archbishop's Mouse. For there no human heart has ever -7- .-'rri'-or help in vain, and not the most indifferent or casual visitor can go there without feeJine the better that there should be in this world a man of such wide sympathies, intelligence, and kindly heart as W^tminter" na* Archbishop of numerous volumes of sermons tQe Cardinal wrote a large number of works on the doctrines of the English and Romish Churches. The following gives the names of Bucn of the Cardinal's publications as have not been incidentally mentioned" The Grounds ?/ -Faith,"| 1852; "Temporal Sovereignty of the Popes," three lectures, 18G0; "The Last Glories of the Holy See Greater than the Iirst, three lectures, 1801; "The Present Crisis of the Holy See tested by Pionhecy," tSlJ*l®?'urea> 1®51» "The Temporal Power of isM ifo Jesus Christ," second edition, AoOis; Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects, with an Introdudtion on the Relations of \- §?BDd J? Christianity," 18G3 ; "The Crown m Cpuncil on the 4 Essays and Reviewsa Lettor to an Anglican Eriend," 1864: "The Convocation and the Crown in Counoii: a "TheTm'^raf0 ?n-^ng''caD Friend," 1864; ReasonaaItovelatiX'^865; "TheR§uluon of Christendom : a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy, 1S6C; "The Temporal Power of the tope in its Political Aspect," 1S6C; "The Centenary of St. Peter and the General SSJ0" ioc~ T ®nd Christen fc,, i '^Ireland: a Letter to Earl ptfey* 18G8; - ..^e. Chcumenical Council t>°Z*Jhe of the Roman Pontiff : a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy," 1869; The Vatican Council and its Detini taons: a Pastoral Letter," .1870; "Petri Pnvilegium: three Pastoral Letters to the of the Diooese of Westminster," 1871 . , oif6 .EST Evas of theDay," 2nd edit.,' 1871; The Fourfold Sovereignty of God," a wines of lectures, 1871; "The Daanon of Soorates. 1872: "Caasarism and Ultramon tanism, aid edit.,1874; "The Internal Mis sion of the Holy Ghost" 1876; "The Vati can Decrees in their bearing on Civil Allegiance," 1875, in reply to Mr. Gladstone's Expostulation; "Sin and its Consc iences," 187G;"TheTrue Story of. the Vatican Council," published m the Nineteenth Century, 1S77; Miscellanies," a collection" of his minor writings, 2 vols., 1877; "The Catholic Church and Modern Society," 1880; and "The Eternal Priesthood," 1883; besides numerous pamphlets. Upon Carditial"Wia9 maii'e deatli Dr. Manning took eoiifcrolof the Dublin Sfagaziuc, in which he oontinaed to talw a.ptopaiaeht .interest till thetisae -of bis deatli. One of his Litest publications1 was the translation into English of the Pojpe'a .ISncydical on the labour question. On Sunday reference was made 111 the Catholic Churches of the colony to the deatli o'f 'the late Cardinal Manning. At a mediin^ pf ,'the Demooratie Club in the evening a mption ex pressive of regret at the death of the Cardinal was carried unanimously. On Tuesday morning, January 19, a solemn dirge and .Requiem Mass were cele brated at tit. Francis Xavier'a Cathedral in memory of the late Cardinals Manning and Simeoni, who died during last-week. By 10 o'clock-the time announced for. the 'cere monies to begin-the centre . aisles,- of the Cathedral were filled to overflowing,; while the eastern and western sides contained a large number of worshippers. The dirge was chanted by the Revs. McEvov, Cornea, and Cosgrove, the Rev. J. B. McMahon acting as Master of Ceremonies. Arch bishop Reynolds occupied the throne, and inside the altar rails were a large number of priests from all parts of the Diocese. A cata falque hod been erected within the altar rail, and it was draped in black. On the top were arranged all the yestments and paraphernalia belonging to the Cardinal's office. On each side of the bier were three lighted candles. The altar was also draped in black, and the whole scene was ltost impressive and solemn. At the close of the dirge the Very Rev. Dean Kennedy celebrated the Requiem Mass. The Rev. A. Gandolfi acted as deacon and the Rev. J. Healy as sub-deacon. After the EpiBtle the chanters sang the Dies Tree, and the Mass was then pro ceeded with. After the last GoBpel the'Arch bishop Bprinkled holy water over the.cata falque,, at the same timt, pronouncing ^ the Absolution. All the priests then formed in to a procession, and as they marched into the vestry the solemn " Dead March in Saul" was played. 