EXTRACTS FROM TUE SIXTEENTH UEPOKT QV THE MALOGA MISSION TO THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA. By DANIEL MATTHEWS, Founder and Superintendent. Sunday, June 15th.—Spent a happy day at Woodgreen. Took the morning and evening services in tbc Uospcl Hull. The congregations numbered about 400. Evidences of the Lord's presoneo were manifested as I spoke of the " Power of tko Holy Ghost." In the afternoon I addressed 550 children of the Presbyterian SabbtUh School. Their attention and behaviour were exemplary. June 17th.—The Missionary Secretary at Aldersgate Street, V.M.C.A., being somewhat concerned about Mr. Smith going out to Australia, without any definite work or arrangement, sought an interview with me and the General Secretary of the Y.M.C.A. about the matter. I explained to them that Mr. Smith was not going out at my invitation, but simply from his own choice, and, therefore, I conld not pledge myself to any responsibility for him, more thau to endeavour to got him into mission work as soon as possible on his arrival. Just before our departure, however, X promised to give him £1 per month for a year if he continued frith us in tbc work. A letter from Mrs. Matthews was very helpful to me at this time. She writes, "I praise God for your trial of faith, and that you have now prove that God will supply all your need. Jesus never failed His disciples, and He says, * I will never fail thee, nor forsake thee.' I hope Mrs. Pridham is with you. Mr. P. is so happy, because some of the Blacks have been here to-day, and we have had a good meeting, getting them on a little in the divine life. Then we gave them tea, and they all left so pleased." During the latter part of my stay in England, Mr. Smith and I held meetings in the Y.M.C.A*'s at Islington, Shorcditch, Hammersmith, Finsbuiy Park, and Aldersgate Street, City, I visited all my relatives, and bade them an affectionate farewell, as it is probable we shall never meet again on this side of the grave. My last evening in England was an eventful one. Mr. Hughman, the General Secretary of the Whittington Avenue Y.M.C.A., invited me to tea with some of his young men. We had a delightful prayer meeting, commending each other to God, and re-consecrating ourselves to Eiw in holy service, k They each gave me a text—a message, from the Lord—and I gave them r^ne, wishing them good-bye ! Deor fellows ! My heart was knit to thoirs in the bonds of love—the love of Christ. For 6ome weeks I had been considering about tny passage money, £24. Sy extreme care I had only a part of it, bnt by casting this burden upon God, my mind was relieved. On the 27th, just a few hours before sailing, without making anyone acquainted with my needs, but God, the whole of the money was in my hands, and I went to the company's office and tmid it, praiBing my Heavenly Father that He had not failed me in the time of my extremity. Having only £3 left after this, the thought of what my needs might be before reaching my home gave me a little concern. However, a land friend, just before I sailed, placed £10 in my hand, which gave mo fresh, cause for gratitude to "the Giver of every good and perfect gift." The following remarks concerning our mission labours arc from the pen of the Editor oE Tke]Chrietian, London.—" Our readers have been informed, from time to time, of the progress of Mr. Daniel Matthews' work among Australian Aboriginoa. During his present visit to England, Mr. Matthews has mtuie many friends, and, we trust, with the additional sympathy thus enlisted, he mil be encouraged, along with his devoted wife, to continue his endeavours to civilize and Christianize the poor Blacks of the several colonies of the Island Continent Mr and Mrs. Matthews have trained many of them to lives of usefulness, and some have had their dark understandings enlightened, and been enabled to see themselves as sinners, and to look to Christ as the Divine Saviour. 1 4 Mr. Matthews has endured much for the Gospel's sake, and in order to present salvation to those whom he lias regarded with pity, because they are a sadly neglected portion of the " world," which God 41 so loved " that He gave His Son to redeem, its ups and downs, which would have effectually discouraged less persistent men, have not deterred him from carrying on the mission. His hands have been supported by friends in the Colonies and in Great Britain, and we rcjoice to hear tbat it is his purpose, in themear future, to considerably develop 'the mission operations. In certain quarters nothing short of the annihilation of the Blacks seems to find favour. 4 1 We hope that, far from such being the case, many will, through the instrumentality of Mr. and Mrs. Matthews, not only prove useful citizens now, but also be numbered at last with tbc glorified in the Heavenly City.'» On the afternoon of June 27th, in presence of a considerable number of true friends, among whom were a few relatives and several members of the Y.M.C.A., Mr. Smith and I joined the P. and 0. Cu.'s steamer, " Britannia," and after cordial farewell greetings, we left the Thames, ;intl soon passed out into the German Ocean. The next day (Saturday) my companion and I had prayer together, for God's blessing on the voyage. Before dinner we saw the last of dear Old England, and wore soon travelling away south. As the time passed we became acquainted with one and another of God's people among the passengers. Had regular reading and prayer cach morning after breakfast, attended by about 25 persons, and at night four or live of us met for special Bible study ana prayer, at 8, throughout the passage. The voyage passed away with the ordinary amount of drinking, gambling and amnsementB, among those who were so disposed, but, on the whole, the passengers were well behaved. Every few hours, when near the land, gave us some fresh objects of interest. At Gibraltar, Malta, Brindisi, Port Said, the Suez Canal, Aden, and Colombo, we had opportunities of landing, and seeing these charming places of interest. On August 1st we reached Albauy, 4tb, Adelaide; and on the (Sfch we were safely moored in Hobson's Bay. We praised God for a safe arrival, and after staying one night in Melbourne, Mr. Smith and I took train for the Murray River, and my home at Maloga, arriving there on Friday, August 8th, with much gladness on the part of my beloved wife and family, and not less of my own. During my visit to the Old Country my labours were anything but light. Of the 54 weeks I spent there 1 addressed 322 meetings, an average of almost six weekly, with audiences in the aggregate of 88,000 persons ; while my travels by rail and steamer in the United Kiugdoni covered more than six thousand miles. In the retirement of our borne in the bush, wc together raised our Ebenezer, and offered a tribute of praise to the Lord, who had so mercifully kept us in our separations and wanderings. Ou.the following Wednesday (August 12th), Mrs. Pridham, with her family of three children, arrived at Maloga, which gave us fresh cousc for rejoicing. They had had a pleasant and prosperous voyage from London in the steamer " Damascus," via the Cape. During the week a good many of the Blacks came in from Cumeroogunja ^Station to see us. Some wept with joy on seeing mo again. Wc had singing and prayer with them, and as they retired they said how much they would like us to be their leaders again. Just previous to my coming home, Mrs. Matthews, whose heart was full of love for the Blacks we bad rescued and trained, sent an appeal to the A.P.A. in Sydney, to, be permitted to visit the mission, and continue to impart spiritual teaching to the women. A roply came from the Secretary, saying, " Complete arrangements are made for holding religious .services, therefore, it is unnecessary to grant your request." This lamentable want of unity with us on the part of the Sydney Society as eaiculated to do a great deal of harm, as it will damage the work in thear hands, and hinder my operations, I fear. The Lord reigns, and I trust He will over-rule all for good. My brother Missionary (the Rev. J. Gribble), writes me from Teinora, N.S.W., under date August 14th:—" I thank God for your return to this land. It is high time some real system were organised to reach the whole of Australia's Aborigines with the Gospel. I think that whatever is done now that you have returned to the Colonies, you and I should be perfectly «greed in.aim, and as far as possible in effort. . . . 1 am anxious to start work at Bellenden Ker, North Queensland, soon. I shall flXV.) go to Brisbane early in October, to secure, if possible, a grant of land in" the Korth for the Mission. 1 If God be for us, who can be against us V I cannot now. write moje. My heart is full of pity aud earnest desire forfche unfortunate creatures in o.ur widsfc, and all I can do to reach and bless them in Christ's name I am willing to do." Mr. and Mrs. Pridham and family of a daughter aud two sons, with Mr. Smith, by our invitation have taken up their residence at Maloga. We are glad to entertain them, and to endeavour to get them settled in Mission work as soon as possible, but things were grievously against us, and called for much patience on their part as well as ours. * .Friday, August 22nd.—Mr. Pridham and I walked out to the Cumcroogimfc MifiBion—three miles. On our arrival I was met with much genuine and hearty friendship by every Aboriginal inhabitant young and old, who welcomed me home again. In the evening I was present at a religious gathering, and among the rest gave a word of testimony for Christ. Monday, August 25th.—The spirit of contention was manifest there to-day. Mrs. Matthews had given out sundry articles of clothing to the Aborigines as we have been used to do. These were presents from friends in England, and others in the Colonies, sent to us for distribution. Mr. Bellenger wrote, "With reference rto the distribution of clothes to our people, I should think the proper course would be to send them to our store, and let them be distributed by us. As the Aborigines of this station reap no benefit (either directly 6r indirectly). from your labours, you cannot expect more than common courtesy from them." Being so unkindly shut out from intercourse with the people we had BO long cared for with almost parental solicitude, we felt it deeply. With the friends from England, who were burning with missionary zeal, we continued often in prayer to God, and every night spent much time in the Btudy of the Bible. I-wrote a letter to some of the colonial religious journals, to inform our friends of my return, and how greatly we had been blessed in the Old Country ; speaking hopefully of the future, and the desire that existed in Mrs. Matthews' heart and mine to go on with the mission work among the Blacks, to which God had so manifestly called us. Notwithstanding our isolation, the Sabbath services are good with us, eijS i&e; dear friend? England are most united in all our purposes for fctureafPort. The we* ior the jpEiptenance of 6uch a large family—14 in all—bears pretty bsaffclj upon our Elender resources, but the God who has been our Helper tor so many years will not fail us in this time of perplexity. . r IH y t Brighton, Knglund, s nd* u> £3 in the time of need, uo reu'i <o 'be «<Jiiiti..ua item.- required ;or su;teuauc«. "Oh, .magnify the Iioid 'frith me, and let us exalt His name." 