MR. STEAD'S " REAL GHOST STORIES." " Real Ghost Stories " is tlie titlo of tho Ohristmas number of tlio Review of Reviews. Tho collection inoludos scvoral old fashioned blood curdlors ; but tho sixpenny worth, as a whole, may be dosoribod as unique. Following aro a fow examples .of Mr. Stead's sensa tions : — THE OLAIHVOYANT AND THE MURDERER. Tho idea of using the clairvoyaut as a spiritual aleuthliound to traok down an unknown mur derer lias always been a Fascinating one. A Swedish dootor gives nil nooount of a enso in wliioii everything in tlio vision talliod with tlio aase nftcrwurds got together against a psrtiaiilur man, who had a foml with the murdered man, but who got off with a sort of " not proven" verdiot "The clairvoynnt was hypnotised in my wife's presence and then ordered 'to look lor tho piaco where the murder had been committed, nnd see tlio whole soone, follow tlio murderer in his Uight, and dpsaribo him and liis home and the motive for the murder.' Miss Olson then spoke as follows, in great ngitation, sometimes using violent gestures. I took notes of bar exact words and reproduco them hero fully : — 'It is between two villages- I see a ronil— in a wood — now it is coming— the gun — now lie is coming along, driving— the horso is afraid of the stonos — hold the horse ! hold tlio horso ! now ! now lio is killing him— ho was kneeling when he fired— blood ! blood ! now he is running in tho wood — seise him ! — lie is running in an opposite direotion to tlio horse in many circuits —not on nny footpaths. Ho wears a cap and grey clothes— light — lias long, coarse brown hair, wliioii tins not boon out for a long timo— grey-blue eyes— treacherous looks — great dark brown beard — ho is accustomed to work on tho road. I beliove he has out his light hand. He has a scar or. a streak between liis thumb und forcfingor. He is suspicious and a coward. ' Tlio murderer's home is a red wooden lioutfe, standing a little way hack from tho road. On tho ground floor is a room which loads into the kltoiien, nnd from that again into tlio pas sage. There is also a lnrgcr room which iloos not communicntc with the kitohen. Tho ohtirch of Wissaf jcrda is situated obliquoty to your right whon you uro standing in tho pnssago. 'His motive wns enmity; it seems as if ho had houpht something— taken something— a paper. Ho wont uway from homo at day break, nnd, the murder was committed in tlio even ing. " Miss Olson wns then awakened, and, like all my subjrots, sho remembered perfootly what sho had boon seeing, which hau made a very profound impression on her. "Every tiling tallied, as itturnedout, down to tlio scar on tlio hand. "Tlio clairvoyant had novorseen tiiomurdefor in her lil'c, und know nothing of tires oircum- stances." WARNED IN VAIN. " Supernatural " warnings aro somotimcB on trivial subjects ; Bomotimes, while serious and even tragic, tlioy seem powerless to avert the danger against whioh they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from tlio accumulations of tlio S.P.R., which "is full of tho tragic fascination which attaches to the struggle of a bravo man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert tlio cvont which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within tho sight of those to whom he had rovcalod the vision." Tlio story in brief is as follows " Mr. Flaot was third mats on tlio sailing ship I'orslan Empire, which left Adelaide for London In 1863. Ono of tho crew, Clonry by nnmo, dreamed before starting that on Christ mas morning, as tho Persian "Empire was pass ing Capo Horn in a heavy gale, he wns oruorod with tho rest of his wntoh to scoure a boat hang ing in tlio duvita over the side, lie nnd another got Into tho boot whon a fearful Boa broke over tho ship, washing them both out of tliehnnt into tlio sen, whore tlicy were both drowned. Tho dream made such an Impression upon him that lie was most reluctant to join the ship, but ho overcame liis scruples nnd sailed. On Christmas eve, whon tlioy were Hearing Capo Horn, Cleary had a repetition of his dream, exaot in all its particulars. Ho uttered u tcrrlblo cry, nnd kept muttering " I know it will como true." On Christmns dny, exactly as ho had foreseen, Olonry and tlio rest of the wntoh wore ordored to secure a boat hanging in tlio davits. Cleary flatly ref naod. Ho aaid ho refused bccauso ho know ho would bo drowned, that all the cir cumstances of Ills Uroiim had como truo up to that moment, and If he wont into that boat ho would dio. Ho wns tnkon holow to tho eaptaln, nnd Ids re fusal to dischnrge duty wn« entered in tho log. Then tlio cliiof officer, Douglas, tool; tlio pen to sign his lmmc. Cleary suddenly looked lit him and exolnimod, 'I will go to my duty, for now I know tho other man In my dream.' Ho told Douglas, as tlicy wont on (look, of liis dream. Tlicy got into tlio boat, and whon they wore nil making tight a heavy sea struck tho vessel with such force that tho crew would hnvo been wushad overboard had thoy not clung to tho mast. Tho boat wns turned over and Douglas and Cleary wore (lung into tho sea. They swam for a littlo timo und then went down. It wns just throe months after lio had dreamed of it boforo leaving Adelaide. " A SISTER'S DIIEAM. Hero is nnothor thrilling sailor story bearing on tlio subject of apparitions at the moment of death : — " A great gust of wind seized tho half- slackened maintop sail, and sent it fluttering Into fragments. At tho same moment tho ship roolod nonrly on lior Ileum ends, and, above the liuniiiigof titu gHiu, wu heitrd a Huutiun cry of despair. I was horrided to sco an apprentice, J P— , sent whirling hondiong from tlio masthend into the sen. Even yet I can too the look of agony stampod on liis upturned fnoo, nnd I can hear tho vory tones of his hoartrending cry, ' Oli ! Luoy, Lucy,' ns ho disappeared for ever in tho darkness below. " After the storm abated, tlio ouptnin made a careful note of the exact time of tho occurrence, tlie position of tho shlpnnd the other particulars, lie seemed struck nt my mention of tho oxoln- ination I had overheard falling from tho poor fellow's lips as ho ulutoliod in vain at tlie yiold- Ing air. ' All,' ho said, ' that must have beou his sistor, Luoy V , to whom ho was greatly attached,' "Tlio rest of tho voyage passed without incident, and as soon as tho ship ariivcd nt Livorpool I innde my way to tho train wliioii was to tnko mo to Manchester. " I wns wnlking idly along tlie plattorm whon I saw tho faco of nn old gontloman, who, with a young lady on his arm, wan elbowing liis way through the crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate wns so striking that I stood nnd lookoil nt him. Tlie yotnig lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly sho guvo a violent start, uttered a low sorenm, and exclaiming : — 'Ob, look, there's the faco of my drenm !' stared nt mo us if fascinated. Her companion gontly rallied her. nnd half led, half carried iicr, to tho nearest wuiting room. As ho paHSOil lie begged mo to como with thom and handed mo his card. " When we were alone the old gentloinnn ox- f darned that tho sight of my face lind reminded lis daughter of a vory peculiar and unplonsant dream, to which slio still persisted in attaching importance. He snid, -'at the present moinout, indeed, we aro on our way to disoover it tlio owners of my son's ship have received nny news of its arrival.' "I said, I am an apprentice of the 0— — , and liavo hut lately loft her lying in tho harbor. ' "'Then,' tho young lady eriod, 'I must ho right. It must bo true, "rvrns that man's faco I saw gazing at him as lio fell. I saw Joe's ship in tlie-inidst of a fearful storm, aud liiiu clinging to tlio slippery slirouds. A bright flash scorned to pass before my oyos, niul I saw him fulling backwards into tlio sea. I saw your face in tlio momentary gleam, aud I woke per fectly terrified to hear the sound of my own nitiuo— " O Lucy ! Lucy !" whisporcd in my ears.' "The expression of my face must have con veyed but too woll tho moauing of my siloncc. " ' My God ! ' oricd Mr. , ' is it true, then! Ishodond?' "I stammered, "Too true, sir. Yes, every word of it! I was bosido him at tho moment, and oven tried to savo him.' " On comparing uotos we found tbatthodrcam took pluoe tlio vory day, allowing for tho dif- forenco in longitude, evon tlio very hour when the ncoident occurred. AN EKH1E STOIIV t'ltOSI THE SllETLANDS. Hero is a sninplo of tho tmrrativos repeated in good faith by tlie superstitious folic of tho rcmoto Bliotliinds "Ono day in 1836 a fisherman of tho name of Grey found that whon returning from fishing his bont stopped . without any apparent cause. In vain lio strained at tho oars ; it would not movo a foot. He looked over the prow, thinking ho might have got entangled in soawood, but tho water ..was clear. Ho thought ho might have struck on a hidden shoal, so rocked tlio boat. She rooked freely, showing there was water under hor keel. Groy then looked over tlio store, and to his iiortor saw a man, whom ho know had boon dead for six months, holding on to tlio stern post. This man wns one with whom he lmd some littlo quarrel, nnd Groy besought him to freo the bont, saying tlmt he had hoped that death would liavo cancelled nil enmity between tliom. Without replying, tho man still hold on, nnd at last, in despnir, Grey took his axo and hacked off tlio stern post, when tho boat at onco shot forward. Tho man, howovor, cried out that Groy und lie should moot again in six weeks. Grey, in great fenr, hnstoncd home and told his family and friouds of the occurrence. In six weeks, at the oxnet time tlio dead man had namud, Grey was found in tlio morning dead in bod. A son of Robort Groy, who saw tlio mutilated boat como in, was at any rate kcoping a sailora' bonnlinghousc in Antwerp ; hilt there are many in tlie Shetland Isles who well reinombcr tlie oiroumstanoo aud seeing the boat with tlie stern post out off." GHOSTS AdGItESSIVE AND TANGIBLE. Gliosis lake many nnd various forms, and there are a fow pretty torrifying ones in Mr. Stand's collooMon. There are diabolionl float ing faces and mutilated trunks. There is a ghost whioh inflicted its company on nn unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, wliioii it enlivened with a long ami dctuilod account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body "burning from within, outwards uncon- suniod." There nre aggressivo ghosts which puli off ono's bed clothes, or grapple witli ono in n confusion of material or iminatorial. There is ovon a ghost which attackoil a railway porter nt night nccompaniad by a ghostly dog, which actually bit tho porter in tho oat f of his leg. And there is ono which strikes lis us tlio only instunoo wo, liavo yot como across of a "warm, soft and plump " ghost— hut tho poor tiling only consisted of a hand and arm. But we will conclude with a very arecpy talo, which shows that a mutilated ghost does not always correspond with a mutilated ooriiso. Tlio apparition may fit itsolf out, Reborns, with the very , parts which are missing in tlio mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by nil energetic smnok on tho hnok : — " About tho middlo of tlie first decade of this century thurc lived in tlio littlu sauport town uf Girvnn, ill South Ayrshire, a young man and his sistor ; thoy wore warmly attached to each other. My grandmother, from whom I heard their story, was intimately acquainted with tlio young woman. The brother followed the pre carious and dangerous nvoontion of tho fisher: and our story bogins witli tho loss of his lifo by the s.wnmping of ins boat in a storm. ' " For a week or two his sistor was inconsolable ; nor mind dwelt in imagination on tho loved form of hor brother tossed amongst the weeds and ooze on tho bod of tlio ocean, the food for fishos and the dwelling plaoe for orropin" things. At tliis stage the body was disoovorod in a rocky part of tho const owing to a singularly vivid drenm dreamt by a casual visitor to the town, an inoident ronmiitnble in itsolf but not to our prosont purpose. Tho corpso, whioh. was much decomposed, lmd lost the right hand. This mutilation mudo a deep and painful impres sion on the sister's milid.J "Ever and nnon, slio would burst into a fit of weeping, wringing lior own hands, and bewailing tlio loss of her brother's hand. "This continued for about a week, until ono night, preparatory to going to bod, sho lmd undressed ; but before she had got into bed, overcome by tlie foroo of lior emotions, slio threw lior race on tlio pillow and burst out. weeping, and bemoaning tho lost hand; but scarcely had she dono so whon, with a cry of rear, she sprang from tlio bed, " Hor orios soon brought tho otlior inmates of tlio house to lior room, nnd when questioned she informed them that whon sho had thrown her self on the lied, she foltsomc ono give hor n slap on tlio back, ns if with the open hnnil ; nndthnt tlio place whoro slio was struck wns still prick ing from the effects of tlio blow, and put her hnml over hor shoulder ta point out the piaco where she was struak. Thay cxatninod tlie place, and ovor the shoulder bisdo, in vivid blue, wns tho impression of a man s right hand." 