[?] A SKETCHY QF A TEMPERAMENT. By THOMAS HARDY, Author of 'Teas, of the D'Urbevilles,' 'WesseK Tales,' 'The Woodlandere,' &a;, . &o.; ? ? . [Publithed by special arrangement with the author. AllrighajeeervedJ PART FIRST.— A YOUNG MAN OF TWENTY. Chafteb X.— The Old Phahtom Becomes Djbunct.— {Continued.) That lady remained for the present partially screened by her neighbors. A diversion was caused by Lady Channeldiffe ^ynin^nPrrT}'BotfXfKm body to present to the politicalTjove; the ladies got mixed, and Joeelyn lost sight of the one whom, he was beginning to suspect .as the stealthily retnrned.absentee. He looked for her in the young lady of the honse. his hostess's vonncfish sister, who ap peared to more advantage that night titan. ene ' had ever done before— in a sky-hlue dress, which had nothing between itand the fair skin of her neck, Ipnfitpg her an unusually soft .and eylph-likeaspect. She saw him and they con verged. Her look of ' What do yon think of me now?' was suggested, he knew, by the thought that the jast time they met she bad appeared muter the disadvantage of mourning costume on a wet day in' a country house, where everybody was cross. ' I have some new photographs and I want you to tell me whether they are good,1' she said. ' Mind, yon are to tell me truly and no favor.' She produced the pictures from an adjoining drawer and they eat down together, upon an ottoman far the purpose of examination. The portraits, taken by the last fashionable pho tographer, were very good, and he told' her bo 5 but as he spoke and compared them, his mind was fixed, on something else than the mere judgment. He wondered whether theeUusive one were indeed in the framed this gfrlT He locked up at her. To Mb surprise her mind too was on other things bent titan sn the pictures. Her eyes were glancing, away- to distant people, she was visibly considering the effect she. was producing upon them by this cosy tete-aiete with Pearston, and npon one in particular, a man of thirty, of military ap pearance, whom Pearston did not know. Quite - convinced .now that no phantom belonging to bim was -contained in the. outlines of -the present young lady, he could coolly criticise her as he talked. They were both doing the same thing — each was pretending to be deeply interested in what theother was talking about, the attention of the two alike flitting away to other corners of the room when the very point, of the discourse was pending-. No, he had not seen Her yet. He was jaot going to eee Her, apparently, to-night; she was scared away by die twanging political atmosphere. But he still moved on search iogly, speaking to those he knew. Under the white air of that 'fy'!'!^ old man was a forehead grown wrinkled over treaties that bad ewayed the fortunes of Europe; under the forehead spoke a yoioe which had numbered sovereigns^ and heirs-apparent among its lis teners ; under the voice was a heart that would go inside a hazel-nut shdL Beneath those white ropes of pearl was the pink bosom; beneath the pink bosom the half lung which had, by hook or by. crook, to sustain ite pos sessor above ground till the wedding-day. At that moment he encountered bis amiable host, and almost simnltaneoasly caught .sight of the lady who bad at first .attracted him and then had disappeared. Their eyes met, far off as they were from each other. Pearston . laughed inwardly ; it was only in ticklish ex citement as to whtther tab was to prove a true trouvaille and with no instinct to mirth, for whenever under the eyes of bis JiUo'tbe wisp he ever palpitated like asheep in aiair. However, for the minute be bad to converse with his host, Lord Channeloliffe, and almost the first thing the earl said to Mm was, 'Who is that pretty woman in the black dress with the white fluff about it and the pead neck lace?' ' I don't know,' eaid Joeelyn, with incipient jealousy; 'I was just going to aek the same thine.' ' Oh, we shall find out presently, I suppose. I daresay my wife knows.' They had parted, when a hand came npon his shoulder. Lord Cbannelaliffe had turned back for as instant. 'I find she is the grand daughter of my father's old friend, the last Lord Hengifitbury. Her name is Mia. ? Mrs Pine- Avon ; she lost her husband two or three years ago, very shortly after their marriage. Lord ChannelcliSe became absorbed into some adjoining dignitary of the Church, and Pearston was left to pursue his quest alone. A young, friend of hk — the Lady Mpfrrfla Buttermead, who appeared in a cloud of muslin and was going on to a ball— had been brought against him by the tide. A warm hearted, emotional girl was Lady Mabella, who laughed at the huinorousness of being alive ; «be asked him whither he was bent, and be told her. , . 'O yes, I know her very well !' said Lady Mabella eagerly. 'She told me one day that she particularly wished to meet you. Poor thing — so sad— she lost her husband. Well, it was a Ion? time ago now, certainly. Women ought not to marry and lay themselves open to such catastrophes, ought they, Mr. Pearston? I never shall. I am determined never to run . such a risk. How, do you think I shall?' 'Marry? Oh no; never,' said Pearston drily. *? That's, very oomf orting. But sometimes I think I may, just for the fun of it. . . Now wall steer across to her and catch her, and Fll introduce you. But we shall never get to her at this rate.31 'Never, unless we adopt 'the ugly rush,9 like the ciSizens-who follow the Lord Mayor's Show.' They talked and inched towards the desired one, who, as she talked to a neighbor, seems one of those — Female farm* whose (restores Beam with mind, seen by the poet in his Vision of the Golden City of Islam. Their progress was continually checked, Pearston was, as he had sometimes seemed to ' be in a dream, unable to advance towards the object of pursuit unless he could have gathered npbis feet into the air. After ten minutes given to a preoccupied study of shoulder blades, back hair, glittering headgear, Inapes of neckB, moles, hairpins, pearl powder, pimples, strange minerals ont into facets of all colors and says, necklace clasps, fans, stays, the seven styles of elbow and arm, fee thirteen varieties of ear, and by using the toes of his dress-boots as coulters with vhkb lie ploughed his way and that of Lady Mabella in the direction theywere aiming at, he drew near to Mrs. Pine Avon, who was drinking a cup of * tea In the bade drawing- room, ' ? ---? ? ^MydearNicnola, we thought we should never get to jou, because it is worse to- night, owmg to these dreadful politics. ' Bat we've done it.' And she proceeded to tell her friend of Pearston's existence hard by. Xt seemed that the widow really did wish to know him and that Lady Mabella Battermead had not indulged in one of. the too frequent in ventions in that kind. When *he youngest of the trio had made them acquainted with each other she left them to talk to a younger man than the sculptor. Mrs. Pine-Avon's black velvets and silks, with their white accompaniments, finely set off the exceeding fairness .of her neck and shoulders, which, though unwhitened ar tificially; were without a speck or blemish of the least degree. Thu gentile, thoughtful creature ehe had looked from a distance she now proved herself to be; she held also sound . rather than current opinions on the plastic arts, and was the first intellectual woman he had seen there that night, except the poetess aforesaid. They soon became well acquainted, and at a pause in their conversation noticed the new . excitement caused by the arrival of some late comers with more news. The latter had been brought by a rippling, bright-eyed lady in black, who made the men liBten to her \- whether they would or no. ' I am glad I am an outsider,'«aid Jooelyn'-s acquaintance, now- seated on a sofa beside whioh he was standing.. ' I wouldn't be like ; my cousin, over there, for the world. She thinks her husband will be turned out at the next election, and she's quite wild.' ' Yes, it is -mostly the women who are the ? gamesters— the men only the cards. The pity is that politics are looked on as being a game for politicians, just: as cricket- is a gamefor cricketers, not as the serious duties of political trustees.' . ' How few of ns«ver think or feel that 'the . nation of every country dwell in the-cottage,' , as somebody says.'1 ' Yes. Though I wonder to hear you quote 'Oh, I am of no party, though my relations are. There oanbe only onebest course, and the wisdom .of the nation should be directed to find it' Having started thus, they found no difficulty in-agreeing on many points. When Pearston went -downstairs from that assembly at a quarter to one and passed under the steaming nostrils of an ambassador's- horaes to a hansom which waited for- him against the railings of the square, he had an impression that the Beloved had re-emerged from the shadows without any hint or initiative from, him — to whom, indeed, such re- emergence waB an un questionably awkward thing. Ghaptee XL— Shb Dbaws Close, ahp ..? - Saihsfies. ? He could not forget her. eyes, though he .remembered nothing of her general facial detail. . They were, -round,- enquiring; lumi nous. ' How that chesnut hair of hers -had shone; it required no tiara to set. it off, like, - that of the dowager he had. seen there, who had put ten thousand pounds upon her head - to make herself look .'worse than she would have appeared with . the ninegenny mnshn cap of a servant woman. Now the question was, ought he to see her again? He had his. doubts. But, unfortu- ' sately for. discretion, just when he was coming out of the rooms be had encountered an*M_ lady of seventy, bis friend Mrs. Brighiwalton' — the Honorable Mrs. Brightwalton— and she ' had hastily asked him to dinner for the day . after the morrow, stating, in the honest way he . : knew so will that she had, heard he was out of ? town or she would have asked him two or three weeks ago. Now, of all social things that Pearston liked it was to be asked to dinner off-hand, as a stopgap in place of some bishop, duke, or secretary-of staterwho couldn't come, and when the invitation was supple mented iby the information that *hs lady ? who . .had so impressed him was to be one of the guests he had promised instantly. At the dinner he took Mrs. Pine-Avon down upon his arm and talked to nobody else-during 'the meal. Afterwards they kept apart a while in the drawing-room for form's sake;- -but .eventually gravitated together- again and finished.the evening in each other's company. When, shortly after eleven, he came away he 'felt almost certain- that! within those lumi nous grey eyes his Aphrodite bad verily taken lodgings— and for a long lease. But this waa not.alL At parting he had almost involun tarily given Jier hand a pressure of ,-a- peculiar . and indescribable iindj a little response from her, like a mere pulsation of the same sort, told him that -the impression she had made upon him. was reciprocated. She was,, in a word, willing to go on. But was he able? There had not been much harm in the flirta tion thus far;, but she did know his his tory and that of his wife and of the repara tion a dozen years ago, and his ignorance of whether Marcia was dead or alive? He was now a man over forty, Bhe was probably thirty ; and he dared not make meaningless love with the carelessness, of a younger man. It was impossible to go farther without telling her, even though hitherto such explicitness bad not,been- absolutely demanded. Yet -for himself he had a strong .conviotiojiihat Maroia had ceased to be. . He determined to. call immediately on the ISIew Incarnation. She lived not far from the longi fashionable Hamptonshire-square,. and. he went thither with expectations of having a highly emotional -time at least. . But somehow the very ball-pull seemed cold, although she had. so earnestly asked him to come. A-fl-tfia hnnoA enrticn .fin- flnnlfA. Hia «vx»nn-Lnii much to the astonishment of the eealptor. The . doors be passed through seemed as if they had not been opened for a month, and -entering the drawing-room he beheld, in an easy-chair in . . the far distance, a lady whom he journeyed to reach and ultimately did reach. To be sure it -was Mrs. Nichola Pine- Avon, but frosted-over - . indescribably. Raising her. eyes in a slightly enquiring manner from the book she was read ing she leant back in the chair as if soaking herself in luxurious sensations which bad nothing to do with him, and replied to his greeting with a few common-place words. Now, Ahe unfortunate Joeelyn, .though recu perative to a degree, was at first terribly upset by this reception. He had distinctly begun to loveNiabola.andhe.felt.eiok.and almost tear ful. But happily his affection was incipient as yet and a sense of the ridiculous which sud denly appeared in his own. position earned him * to the verge of risibility during thesoene. . She signified a chair and began J&e; critical study of some rings she wore. They talked over- the day's sews and then an organ began to grind outside. The tune was a . rollicking air he had heard at some music-hall, and by way of a diversion he asked her if .she knew the composition. ' No, Idon t !'. she replied. 'Now, Fll tell you all about it,' eaid he gravely. 'It is based on a sound old melody and eong called 'Calder Fair.' Just as they turn Madeira into port in- the apace -of a single night so this old air has been taken and doctored and twisted about and brought out as a new popular -ditty.' 'Indeed?' \- 'If yon are in the habit of going orach to the music-halls or the burlesque theatres ? '' 'Yea?' ' Yon would find this is often done with ex cellent effect.' She thawed a little, and then they went on to talk about her house, which had been newly painted and decorated with greenish-bluesatin up to the height of a person's head— an arrangement that somewhat improved her slightly faded, though etill pretty face, and washelped by the awnings over the win dows. ' 'Yes; I have had my house iive years,' she observed complacently, 'and I like it better every year.' 'Youbaveonly had it two years if you de duct the three- years you let it to some friends of mine, whom I have often called on in this very room, my darling,' he said to himself— but not to her. However, before he rose she grew friendly to some degree, and when he left, just after the arrival of three opportune young ladies, he thought she seemed regretful: She asked him to come again ; and he thought he would - tell die truth. ' No ; I shall notcome again,' he answered, in a tone inaudible to the young ladies. : She followed him to the door. ' What an uncivil tiling to Bay,' she murmured in sur prise. 'It is rather uncivil. Good-bye,1' said Pearston. As a punishment she did not ring the bell, but left him to find his. way out as he could. 'What this means I cannot tell,' he said to himself. And yet the meaning was staring him in the face. Meanwhile one of the three young ladies had said, 'What interesting man waa that, with bis lovely head of hair? I saw him at Lady Ohannelcliffe's the other night.' 'Joeelyn Pearston.' 'Ob, Nichola, that is too bad ! To let him go in that shabby way, when I would have given anything to know him ! . I have wanted to know him ever since I found out how much his experiences had dictated his statuary, and I discovered them by seeing in an American paper of the death of a person supposed to be his wife,. who left him many years ago, don't you know, and bad been living with somebody under another name, according to some novel social principles she had invented, for herself.' 'Ob! is she dead?' said' Mrs. Pine- Avon with a start. ' Why, I heard only yesterday that it was probable she was alive.' 'She is believed to have died two or three years ago,' said the young lady. 'How I wish I could run after him.' But Jooelyn was receding from the pretty widow's house with long strides. He went out very little during the next few days, but about a week later he kept an engagement to dine with Lady Iris Speedwell, whom he never ne glected because she was the brightest hostess in London. _ By some accHent he arrived rather early. Lady Iris bad left the drawing-room for a moment $0 see that all was right in toe dining room, and when be war shown in- there stood alone in the lamplight Niohola Pine-Avon. She had been the first arrival. He had not in the leaet-expeoted to meet her there, further than that, m a general ?sense, -at Lady Iris's you expected to meet everybody. She had justoomeoutof the cloak-room and was bo tender and even apologetic that he had not the heart to be other than friendly. As the other guests dropped in the pair retreated into a shady corner, and she talked beside him till all moved off for the eating and drink lie had not. been appointed to take her across to the dining-room, but at. the table found her exactly opposite to him. She looked' very charming between toe candles; and then suddenly it dawned upon him that her previous manner must have originated in some false report about his late wife, of whose death he bad been credibly, though not; absolutely, assured a couple of years before. 'this -time. Anyhow he was not disposed to resent an in explicability in womankind, having found: that it usually arose independently of fact, reason, probability, or his own deserts. ? ; - - . - - So he dined on, catching -her eyes and the few- pretty words she. made opportunity to project across the table to him -now and then. He was courteously responsive only, but Mrs. Pine Avon herself distinctly made advances. He readmired her, while at the same time her oonduot in her own house had been enough to check his confidence — enough even to make bim doubt if the Well-Beloved really resided within those contours or had ever been more than the most transitory passenger through that-interesting and accomplished soul. He was pondering this question, yet grow ing decidedly moved by the playful pathos of her attitude when, . by chance, searching his pocket for hishandkerchief, somethingcraokled, and be felt there an unopened letter, which had arrived at thejnomentiie was leaving his house and he had slipped into his-ooat to read in the cab as he drove along. . Pearaton draw it sufficiently forth to observe by the postmark that it came from his natal isle. Having hardly \- correspondent in that par t*-f the world now, he began to conjecture on the possible sender. The lady on ms right,' whom he had brought in, wasaleading-aobreesolisaetowa-T-mdeed, of the United Kingdom and America for that matter— a creature in airy clothing, translu cent, like a balsam: or sea-anemone, without shadows, and in movement as responsive as some highly lubrioated many- wired machine, which, if one presses a particular spring, flies open and reveals -its works. The spring in the present ease was the artistic commendation she deserved. At this particular moment -she was engaged with the man on her own right, a re presentative of Family,, who talked positively and hollowly, as if shouting down a vista of five hundred yeacs from the feudal past. The lady on Joeelyn'a left, wife of a Lord Justioe of Appeal, was in like manner' talking to her companion on the outer side, so that for the time he was left to himself. He .took advan tage of the opportunity, drew out his letter 'and read it as it lay npon his napkin, nobody observing bim so far as he was aware. It came from the wife of one of his father's former workmen, and was concerning her son, whom she begged Joeelyn to; recommend as candidate for some post in town-she wished nimtofilL But the end of the letter was what arrested, him : — 'You will be sorry to hear, sir, that dear little AvioB-Qaro, as-we ased to call her in. her - maiden days, is dead. She married her cousin^, if you do mind, and went*way from here for some years, but was left a widow, and came back a twelvemonth ago; since when she began to falter, and now 36 gone.' Chafteb XE- She, Becomes an Inacces sible Ghost. By imperceptible and slow degrees the scene at the dinner table seemed' to recede into the background, behind the more distinct present ment of lA-vice Cans ?and *b.e old, old scenes on the stone island, which -were inseparable from her personality. The handsome Marchioness in geramum-redsnd diamonds; who was visible to him on his hqstfe right hand-opposite, became aaone of die misty vermilubn sunsets that- he had watched so many -times over the West Bay, with the form of Avioeinthe foreground. Between his eyes andthe judge who sat next to Nichola, with a chin so raw that he must have shaved' every quarter of an nour during the day, intruded the race of Avioe as she glanced *at him in their last parting. The old society lady, who, if she bad' been a few years older, would have been as old-fashioned as her daughter, suggested, the' powdery, dusty quarries of his and Aviceis parents; down which hie had clambered' with Avice hundreds of times. The- ivy trailiajr about the table clotb, the lights in the tall silver -candle-sticks, and the -bunches of .flowers, mixed in wish the ivies and the flower- beds of the castle on the isle and the lighthouses-down .at .the BeaL More than all, Niohola Pine- Avon gradually lost the radiance which she had latterly ac quired; she became a woman of his ac quaintance with no distinctive traits; she seemed to grow material, a superficies of flesh' and bone merely ; she was a person of lines aad surfaces, a language ia living cipher— no .more. When the ladies bad. withdrawn it was juet the same. The soul of Avioe— tbeonly woman he had never loved (of those who had loved him) surrounded him like a. firmament. . Art draw near to him in thepeacaon of one of the .most distinguished of portrait painters, but there was only one painter for Jocelyn — his . own .memory. All- that was eminent in European surgery addressed him in- the person of that harmless and unassuming fogey whose hands had been inside the fodies-of hundreds of living men, bat the lily-white corpse of an obscure country girl chilled the interest of dis course with such a king, of operators; Beaching the drawiag-joom he talked to his hostess. Though she had entertained twenty guests at her table that night she bad; known not' only what everyone of them was saying and doing; throusrhoot :the repast, but what everyone was thinking. So, being an old friend, she said quietly, ' What has been: troubling you? SometMnghas, I know.' Nothing could leas, express the meaning his recent information had for him than a state, ment o£ its facts. He-told of the opening of the letter and the discovery of the death of an old acquaintance. 'The only woman whom I. never loved, I may almost say!' he added, smiling; 'and, therefore, the only one I shall ever jregret I ' Whether she considered it a sufficient expla . nation or not, the qromanof theworld accepted it . as such. Sfae- was .the single lady -of his circle whom nothing erratic in his doings could surprise, and he often gave her stray ends of his confidence thus with-perfeot safety: . He did not go near Mre. Pine- Avon again ;' . he could not ; and on leaving the bouse walked abstractedly along the streets till he found himself at his own door. In his own loom he sat : down and placing his* !«'»«-« behind his head thought his thoughts anew. At one side of the room- stood an escritoire, and presentiy going to a lower drawer of the same he took out a small box tightly nailed down. He forced -the cover with the. poker. The box contained a multifarious variety of odds and ends which Pearston had thrown into it from time to time in years gone by for future sorting— an intention that he had never carried out. From the -melancholy mass of papers, faded photographs, seals, diaries, withered flowers, and such like, Jooelyn drew, a little portrait, one taken on glass in- the more primi tive days of photography and framed with tinsel in the .commonest way. It was Avioe Garo as she had appeared during the summer monthrtr two whioh he had spent with her on the island twenty years before that time, her young lips pursed up, her hands meekly folded. The effect of the glass was to lend to the picture much of the softness \- characteristic of the original. He remembered ' when it'was taken — duringrone afternoon -they had spent together at the neighboring water ing- place, when he had suggested her sitting to a touting artist on the sands, there being nothing else for them to do. A long con templation of the likeness completed in his emotions what the letter had begun. He loved the woman dead and inaocsssibleas hebad never loved her in-life. He bad unceremoniously for saken her on the eve of what would have become an irrevocable engagement, because be did not love her, and it had been, in one view, the kindest thing he could have done, though the harshest, no spark of passion existing. He bad thought of her but at distant intervals during the whole nineteen years since that parting occurred, and only as somebody he could nave wedded. Yet now the yean of youthful friendship with -her, in which he had leamt every fibre of her innocent nature, flamed up into a yearning and passionate attachment, embittered by regret beyond words. That kiss which had offended his dignity, whioh she had so childishly given him before her consciousness of womanhood had been awakened, what he would have given to have a quarter of it now ! Pearston was almost angry with himself for his feelings of this night, so unreasonably, motivelesBly strong were they towards that lost young playmate. 'How senseless of me!' he said, as he lay in his lonely bed. She had been another man's wife almost the whole time since he had been estranged from her, and now Bhe was a corpse. Yet the absurdity did not make his grief the less, and the consciousness of the intrinsic, almost radiant, purity of this new- sprung affection for a flown spirit forbade him to check it. The flesh was absent altogether; it was love rarified and refined to its highest^attar. He had felt nothing like it before. The next afternoon he went down to his club; not hiB large club, where the men hardly spoke to each other, but the smaller one, where they told stories of an afternoon, and were not ashamed to confess among them selves to the most extraordinary personal weaknesses and follies, knowing well that such secrets would go no further. But he could not tell this; so volatile and intangible was the story that to convey it in words would have been as bard as to cage a perfume. They observed his altered manner, and said he was in love. Pearston admitted that be was, and there it ended. When he reached home he looked out of his bedroom window, and began to consider in what; direction from where he stood that darling little figure lay. It was straight across there, under that- young, pale moon. The symbol: signified well. The divinity-of the silver bow was .not more excel lenttyrpnre than she; the ..lost, bad been. Under that moon was an island of stone, and on the island a house, framed from mullionsj to .ridge-tile like the isle itself, of fitone. Inside the window, the moonlight irradiating her winding-sheet, lay Avice. reached only by the famt noises inherent in the iBle ; the ttnk-tink of the chisels in the quarries,, the surging of the sea in the bay, and the muffled grumbling of the waves in the never-pacified race. After dinner his old friend Somers oame in to smoke, and when they had talked a little while Somers alluded casually to some place at which they would meet on the morrow. 'I shan't be there,' said Pearston. ' Bat yon promised.' 'Yes. But I shall beat the island— looking at a dead woman's 'grave.' As he spoke his eyes turned and remained fixed on a table near. Somers followed the direction of his glance to a photograph on a stand. ' Is that she ?' he asked. 'Yes.' 'Rather abygone affair, then?9 Pearston acknowledged it. ' She's the only sweetheart I never loved, Alfred,' be said. 'Because she's the only one I ought to have loved. That's just the fool I have always been.' ' But if she's dead and buried you can go to her grave at any time as well as now, to keep up the sentiment;' ' I don't know that she's buried.' 'But to-morrow— the Academy night! Of all days, why go then V ' I don't care about the Academy.' 'Pearston — you are our only inspired sculptor. You are our Praxiteles. You are almost the only man of this generation who has been able to mould and chisel forms living enough to draw the idle public away from the popular^enre paintings intotheusually deserted lecture-room, and 'people who have seen your last piece of stuff say there has been nothing like it since sixteen hundred and ? since the sculptors 'of the great: race' lived and died. Well, then, for the sake of others you ought not to rush off to the God-forgotten island just when you are wanted in town, all for a woman you laafsaw a hundred years ago.' 'No — it was only nineteen,' replied his friend, with abstracted , literalness. He went the next morning. Sinoe the days of his youth a railway had been constructed along the pebble bank, so that, except when the rails were washed away by the tides, which was rather often, the peninsula was directly accessible. At two o'clock in the afternoon' he was rattled along under the familiar monotonous line of -bran- colored stones, and emerged from the station among the black lerrets and the white cubes of ashlar. In entering upon the pebble beach the train had passed close to the ruins of Henry the Eighth's castle, whither Avice was to have accompanied him on the night of his depar ture. Had she appeared the betrothal would have taken place; and. as no islander had ever - been known to break that compact, she would have become biBwife. Ascending the steep incline to where the quarrymen were chipping just as they had formerly done- and within sound of the great stone raws, he looked southwards towards the ? BeaL The level line of the sea horizon rose above the surface of the isle ; and against the stretch of water, where a school of mackerel twinkled in the afternoon light, was defined, in addition to the distant lighthouse, a -church with its tower, standing about a quarter of a mile off, near the edge of the cuff. The churchyard gravestones could be seen in profile against -the same vast' spread of watery babble and unrest. Among the graves. moved the form of a man dad in a white sheet, which the wind blew aside every now and then, revealing dark trousers, under. Near him .moved six men bearing a long box, and two or three persons in black followed. The coffin with its twelve legs looked like a large insect crawling across the' isle, under whose belly the flashing lights from the sea and. school of mackerel were re-* fleeted ; a fishing boat, far.out in the channel, being momentarily discernible through the opening. The prooessioa wandered round to a par ticular corner and halted, and stood there a long while in the wind, .the sea behind' them, the surplice of the priest still' blowing. Joeelyn stood with his hat off; he was .present though he was a quarter of a mile off ; and he seemed to hear the words that were being said, though nothing but the wind was audible. He instinctively -knew, that it was none other than AvicB whom he was seeing interred ; his Avice, as he now began presumptuously to call . her. Presently the little group withdrew, from before the sea and disappeared. He felt himuaif unable to go -farther in that direction, and turning aside went aimlessly across the open land, visiting .the various spots that he had formerly visited with her. But as if tethered to the churchyard by a cord he was still conscious of being at the end of a radius whose pivot was the grave of Avice Caro; and as the dusk thickened he closed upon his .centre and entered the churchyard gate. Not a soul was now within the precincts. The grave, newly soaped, was' easily discover able behind the. church, and' when the same young moon arose .which he had observed the previous evening from his window in London he could see the yet fresh footmarks of the mourners and hearers. The breeze had fallen to a. calm with the setting of the eun, and dis inclined; to leave a spot sublimed' both by early association and present regret he moved back to the church wall, warm from the afternoon sun, and sat down upon a window-sill facing the grave. ' {To he continued.) 