How they got their Fire. " I shall never forget," said Lawyer McGaffey, father of one of the most promising of our young Western poets, " a trip I once took to Jefferson City, Mo., with the clever but erratic Stanley Huntley, author of the famous Spoopendyke papers. I was then practicing law in St. Louis, where Huntley was employed on one of the morning dailies. A mysterious poisoning case hod been unearthed at Jefferson, in which I was retained, and Huntley had been assigned to work up the story for his paper. " The hotels at the State capital were never re« markable for either comfort or elegance, and when w<) reached the double room to which we had been assigned wo found a big stove there, but not the sign of a fire. It was a bitter cold night, but after consulting, we decided to go straight to bed," and have the fire built first thing in the morning before we dresBed ; so, tipping che night clerk, who had shown us up, we impressed upon him the necessity for having that fire started bright and! early. " Huntley was the first to open his eyea, and the awoke me by exclaiming that the water was frozen solid in the pitcher' on tbo was h stand. ' About time wo had that fire built, isn't it ?' I asked, with my nose buried in the blankets. "" ' Well, I should articulate,' he retorted. ' Why in the blankety blank doesn't the clerk Bend up a boy?' " He looked around for an electrio bell, but that was a luxury the hotel didn't sport. A log of wood had been left over from the last fire, and seizing this, Huntley began pounding on the carpet with all the force ho could muster. But we ¡vere on the. third floor, and beyond knocking off the plaster in the room below no results followed thia attaok. " ' 111 fix 'em, blank 'em 1" hissed Huntley, and before I could fathom his intentions he had stripped the counterpane off the bed, wrapped it around his bony figure and rushed out into the hallway where he began yelling ' Fire ! flee !' at the top of hia lungs. ' " In a few seconds there was a fearful commotion; in that hotel. Men, women, and children streamed into the corridors, all in various stages of undress, frightened out of their wits and most of them half frozen to boot. " ' Oh, where is it ?' shrlekingly demanded a poor woman whose bare feet protruded from beneath a red pptticoat. " ' That's w hat I'd like to know, madam,' answered Huntley, fle'rcely. ' I ordered one built in my room this morning, but not a ghost of a flame have I Been yet. I'll have that clerk up here, though, before I get through, or know the reason why,' and again the hall resounded with his oriea of 'Fire! fire!' "The terrified guests, perceiving they had been! deluded by a madman, sneaked back into their rooms, the men breathing maledictions upon Hunt- ley, the women properly indignant at the outrage he had inflicted. But the clerk had been aroused, and we got our fire, although we had to seek lodgings at another hotel right after breakfast," ' Glmctgo Herald. h > 