I iRovelist. AT BERKELEY HALL OK, A Tale That Is Told. »Y RUESXOX IEE OIIA. In faith, child, it was a start you gave me then, standing in your white frock before that portrait. 1 am grown old, now, and more nervous than whi-n iu yearsgone by I found my mistress gazing at this same picture of the young lord and liis iirst wife. The story of these Very paintings it was I promised to tell you ? Very willing to speak am I of those days in which my thoughts still dwell, but you in list bear with au. eld woman's humble speech. To begin, then, the old lord, Sir Arthur, was on. his death bed when came the letter from Mr. Harold iu foreign lands. Long aero he had gone to Florida, in the States, and married a Spanish woman, since when his family knew but little of him. But now this letter came, pleading with Sir Arthur to take his only child, a dau^iiti-r, and care for her in the home of her ancestors. Also said Mr. Haiold, that lying on a bed of illness and nidi-unto death, so great was his trust in his brother that he had made arrangements for the child to depart for Berkeley Hill as soon us he was gone from her, knowing that her uncle would endsaTor to take place witli her of father and.mot her. Sir Arthur, on readiug this as a mes sage from the dead, was sore distressed, and bade me to him. *'Mrs. ^Ytlkins,*' lie said, his poor voice all tremulous like, my brother, by this time awaiting me beyond the known, has sent his daughter to me to rear, and much I fear that I shall not be here to welcome her. So to you I give trust to make the little one happy until my son Arthur comes home to take charge of her." Thereupon gave I my solemn promise to do my best, being but a young thing my self, Just turned of twenty-three, and not yet a year married. Mr. Arthur was the only son, and a deep grief was it to the old lord that he was not with him in his last extremity. But Sir. Arthur had travelled away two years sooner, crazed with the sorrow of his young wife's death, and for all he wrote regularly to the old lord he made no mention of his back-coming. _ Yes, that is the young Sir Arthur and his wife. She was the daughter of a neighboring gentleman, and handsome as you see, albeit too large for my liking. ;* A fine-looking woman is mistress Elizabeth Berkeley," said everyone. But big and strong though she seemed, she Jay dead of a cold before they had been married four months. The young husband was like one mad when the brown hair and blue eyes were covered away from him, whereupon bis father sent him to foreign couutries to seek forgetfulness. But I was telling you-an old woman rambles, lassie, and. it seems but yester day. these happenings. Well, the old lord died and was laid away where-all the Berkeleys sleep, and iu a fortnight or less came the^ little niece. Ah, but si*e was fair to look upon, was Miss Amtha Berkeley ! When she sat in the shadow, one thought she had her Spanish mother's hair; but when she came forward--in the light, though it still kept its deep tone, it seemed that surely some of. the cold radiance of the moonlight in her Southern country had warmed and melted in her trevses. And though her shining, eves were black as midnight., to watch her brows and lashes, her skin was fair "as lilies, minding me of nothing so much as of the spotless snow that lies against the charred trunks in the forest. She was fifteen when she came to me, this pretty, pale creature, but so small that she looked to be a child of eleven or ] twelve, and so pitiful in her black frock that my heart warmed to her ; so that in the years that came we grew fast friends, more like to sisters than mistress and mai«i ; for I served Miss Agatha as I had Mistress Ehaiibeth before her. 1 ^hen Sir Arthur had been notified of tiie old lord's death and his young cousin's «rrival to us, lie wrote that as yet he was not ready :o return, but that Miss Agatha w:im to have all that befitted a Berkeley, .enjoining upon Mr. Clark, his man of busi ness, the care of this, and of her **over oesses and masters. But when Miss Agatha, amid new fieenee, put away her grief and became iter gay. childlike self a.-ain, she, and she alone, reigned at Berkeley Hull. The old lawyer ran down from London almost weekly to bring one governess nud Tn.<e away another, and all because Miss Agatha would have it so. Truth to Jell, as sweet and lovely as she seemed, sh' jiad Satan s own temper, and a lime of terror it were here when our prettv mis itjttss was crossed in any way. But with tiie ebe wasueT#ran;jiy. For one reason, tt Miatfc red nut the question, I gave way in her, fat being so little older, not well ^otfld X »ake authority. P'-rhaps it inav itzee been as my husband-who was Irtttior-said, that iu tins way 1 made her Hfill more liery and ungovernable ; but Grod kno>v3 I always loved my young mis tress,nud would not willing!>. "have harmed her. Well, iu some way time drifted by till Yiiss Agatha had I uled us . four years, 'hen. coBiioe «k<iviy into this picture I gallery, OB® erening, I naW her all in white standing- like a ghost before this picture of Sir Arthur and Mistress Eliza beth, ins wife, as you stood, but just now, child. Being nineteen years of age, my mistress was still a child's height, slender and i graceful. Pfthaps I ? am partial Lo by gone days, but I think now, as thought I then, that never saw I so .beautiful a woman. Well, she turned toward me ; that evening and called me in hex gentle voice: " Here, Wilkins." I went up to her before the portrait. " Wilkins," she said, " this is nay cousin Arthur and his wife ?" "Yes, Miss Agatha," I answered, wondering at the strange tenderness in her voice. " Why had they the portrait made in so odd a position ?" I told her then, as but yesterday I told you, bow that Miatress Elizabeth had a fancy for being done in the pink and gray brocade she bad worn the night Sir Arthur came a-courting, and how he, in his «ay way, jnade mention that she had best be Eeatea upon the same divan, with him standing to look down on her, even as he had done that tune. And so the gay y°u^ things had it painted, for all the ©1Q. lord s teasing. And the day it was framed and hung, as I was seated here with my broidery, on account of it being a cool spot, in they came all smiles and happiness, to stand before it and praise or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at the admiration the artist had caught into her husbaud's handsome face, and he vowed hers not half handsome enough to give her justice, scribbling with his pencil upon the frame " The Eventful Moment,'" as I myself read when they were gone. Well, a?.* this and much more I told Miss Agatha, she questioning iue, in terested, in her pretty way. I spoke to her of his grief, how he had sought foreign wanderings, anu her large black eyes filled with tears. " Wilkins," she asked slowly, '* do you know I like his face ? I love it! Do you think that my cousin will ever come home ? I should try to comfort him and I could do it. I could indeed, Wil kins !" Ah, she was always a bit fanciful, poor thins:. Well, just then behind us a step soussded, and I turned lo see Sir Arthur ! Older, browner, handsomer, but still Sir Arthur. His eyes sprang to meet those of the woman in the porirait, and he stood still iu a kind of spell-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, she turned palinsj to the window, after a glimpse of hi3 stern, sorrowful face- Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, like one rousing from a, swoon, and for the first.time seemed to see me. " How are you, Mrs. Wilkins ?" he said, iu his old, hearty way. " And is that rav little cousin ovsr there ?" At this Sliss Agatha rose from the win dow seat and came forward, putting her -slender hand into his strong clasp. ° Much astonied was Sir Arthur to find his cousin such a woman, for he had thought of her only as a child, for^ettin^ that time had stood not still at Berkeley to awa.it liis coming. , the days that came I was always with them, sitting, as need be, at a respectful distance with my woric ; and well I know, long before Sir Arthur or my pretty l:idy herself, that her heart was longing for liis love. Ah, well, child, it was not s! range. She had loved him before she saw him, and now that he had come he was bonny to look upon, aud always with the ladies had he a way that was tender and chival rous. The old Forests where she had wandered I alone now knew two young beings rambl ing in the shade ; for hours they rode to gether, and long talks had they. Even I as liispresence was happiness to her, so he never seemed to tire of her playful ways, her soft, slow, sweet voice, her evi j dent liking. | Rarely looked Sir Arthur in those davs upon the portrait called "The Eventful Moment, 5 though often came he with his cousin for a rompinggameof battledore or graces in the long gallery. Some months had gone on in this way, and .Miss Agatha grew each day more gentle and sweet till well-nigh had we lor gotten her terrible rages, when one even ing she entered her room to robe fcr dinner. . I had left her a moment since reading alone in the library, but when J glanced up at her I saw she was pale like death, and had her white teeth set cruelly over her lip. " You may go," she said quickly, see ing my look. " I shall attend to my own costume to-night." I left her at once, for I saw she was angry, and wondering what the cause, I wandered ia here. Then I knew. Qn a couch before this picture lay Sir Arthur, his eyes fixed upon the picture of his handsome wife. He did not hear my coming, and even as I stood thunder struck, a shuddering sob shook him. and lie said aloud : " So soon, my Elizabeth ?" Noiselessly I retreated and sought mv S!?e had Beei1 and° heard aught that I had her poor loving heart must be near to breaking. ° When I entered- the" room she was standing before the Jong mirror, unfasten ing her splendid hair. As it fell heavily beside her pale face, it was like heavy smoke drooping on a snow-clad roof, j " Madam," I qfuesiioned, wondering at my own bravery, "what gown shall I make ready ?" " Did I not tell you that 1 should not need you ?" she answered slowly, like one whose thoughts are far away. Without answer I took down a green gown, meshed over with white lace° one in which Sir Arthur hau likened her to a sea-wave witti the crest of foam breakii?" over. c . in this gown that my master i ,s 1)est to see you," I ventured again. Aii, my dear, I fear I should not bs so courageous nowadays. She turned fiercely, and I thought her angry eyes would hum through me° for an iustant; then she cast herseif down in a wild passion of tears. " Oh," she cried, and never shall I forget the agonised voice, "oh, Wilkins, you know it! You have se.-n that I love him ! And-and have I shown him ?" in a broken whisper. " No-oh, my poor child, no !" I made loving haste to say. " It-he- Sir Arthur loves his cousin, aud knows that elm loves him in-iu that way ; that is ail ; believe nie, that is all." In some degree was she comforted, but her.grief and shame overwhelmed her for a time, and it was long ere i was permit ted to robe her in the sea-wave gown ; and then, indeed, what with her prillor, she was mare lik<> a spring snowdrop. For all I could see, my lord v, as aB usual at dinner-a line gcnileman he,' with his powdered hair aud rich afctin* an Mis* Aj.ra.tlia.. s&v;«* that uiie SDokv seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I ! saw Sir Arthur look at her cariouBly once or twice, but he said naught ; only when he was finished offered iiis arm to Isad her to the music room, I following and sitting near the window, as was my wont. Sir Arthur seated his cousin in a high backed chair before the epinet, and then she spoke in a voice which was half a sob " I care not to sing to-night.w But my lord insisted, though he saw she wished to refose ; and presently her white hands fell on the keys, and she ran over the prelude. When the sweet voice caught up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair close and sat listeniug with his eyes fixed on Miss Agatha's face. "I am thinking of thee alway-with a love undreamed before; I am longing for thee si way-lay this thought unto thy heart-" Suddenly her voice died away and her nervous hands crashed discord .down the keys. "I cannot sing to-night, my cousin," she said, answering his startled look. " Not that ballad, but it inay be I shall do better with some other." ? Over Sir Arthur's face flashed a won dering expression. Then he said with a gaiety strange and new : '. I cry your pardon, cousin, but we mast have our same ballad to the very end." " Not if I cannot sing it," she said, gently. ? " And if you cannot, why ? Did you not sound that sweet voice through all the strain but a week ago ? And does the nightingale forget her notes so soon ? Try again.1' _ And so poor Miss Agatlia was forced to sing the ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded heart, understood the trembling tones in "which at last she finished: 4 When the glowing crescent cradle gleamed thai night from out the skies Then he spoke to me with language-he had told me with his eyes/' j As these last words died away M'ss Agatha turned slightly, with a faint suiile, and met Sir Arthur's eyes. All 1 the truant blood flushed into the white j throat and face to meet his gaze. As for 1 him, he had gone quite pale, crushing the music in his hand and leaning foi° j ward. I "Ah, Agatha, have 1 indeed told you I what I jhave so hardly struggled to con- I ceal f' I heard him whisper softly. j Even while joy. for her tilled my heart, j I saw her draw back in scorn. I " My lord, you forget Mistress Eliza- j beth Berkeley!" she said. j Ay, it was a cruel word she spake, and j forgetting myself in dismay, I had al- I most sprung toward her when I heard his j voice once more. 1 " I do, sweet Agatha, though, as I seemed more meet, I tried not to lose J her from my thoughts. But a man can- i not choose but render np his love with ] those black eyes upon him." j When I perceived from her face that j not again would she scorn her happiness, 1 1 fled away and left the twain, rejoicing I that ifc was so. ° i Well, they were married at once, and I for all they loved each other truly, the}' 1 were uot happy. I Poor liaiy Agatha was jealous of the I portrait of Mistress Elizabeth : she could j not brook to see her hnsband looking so 3 at her iu the picture. Well do I remem- j ber when she made a silk curtain and I hung the pomait over. As I said just j now, she was always a bit fanciful and ] childlike. | Scarce had I, assisting Iier, completed { the hanging of the silk, when in came j my lord. When he saw what she had j been about, his brow contracted as though j some sudden pain beset liim, and he ( questioned: j " Is this well done, Agatha ?" I "sir," she answered steadily. "It f is well done for my peace of mind, though I not, perchance, for your desires." ° j And with that slie ran past us both j like a mad creature, and flung herself j sobbing on her bed. j Sir Arthur, always as forbearing as on I the night of their betrothal, suffered the j curtain to remain without further speech, ] and shortly after yielded to his wife's j wish to have their portraits painted, j seated,.as on that evening in the music | room. j Indeed, lie refused her nothing, and j when she bade him have a name let into I the wood-work of the frame he complied j with but little delay, though she would I not tell him wherefore ahe wished I it. I "A Pause in the Music," she had j chosen, and though always it sounds I to ine like a fancy picture, yet it was her I desire. j One evening, when for some reason she j seemed sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur j drew her in here for a game of romps; j but she went and stood before her own j portrait, hanging besnle the curtained I one. When her husband came to her I side, she turned suddenly, leaning against j him, and said sadly : j " Ah, Arthur, it was an unhappy mo- J ment when into the music of your life IJ brought my discordant notes. The j music paused-never again to be so | sweet." I At this, comprehending her whim of j the name, Sir Arthur was sow wounded ; j but he reproved her gently for her idle J fancies, and'-presently she grew qu:te gav j in assurances of his tender love. But it { v.as only for the time. Matters went! from bad to wors^, and my mistress grew { more hard lo bear with each day. For { the first time she quarrelled with me, her j erer faithful maid, and her firs of passion J came often or and lasted longer. As a ! revelation did it come to Sir Arthur her uncontrollable temper. Always have I believed that the poor child was near distraught for fear her hushand should love better the dead wife than the living. Often wondered I at /lis marvellous patience with his passionate wife, for she would I-.ave caused a saint to wax wrath, though ! speak against one dead and gone. Well, one evening, to make a long story short, my lord and lady sat at t«-a. and i- was I who served them. Presently my mistr.-ss asked her husband if his tea were to his likinjr. Pleasantly enough lie answered, in his joking way, that, it had been ina<3e sn-eoter for him in days <j;<,ve ? by. My lord thought of his indulgent mother and his days of boyhood, bur my mistress was in a white rage directly. ° .' '. ou!d to goodness the Misiress Elizabeth were here to make it for .you J" she cried, iu her insane j alousv, ami ere he or I saw-what *lso did. she "had tli- warm tea fuil in his face. ° J &£oujd deprived by fear <<f jsjot'ou, but ; my lord,, for the iir-t - time in ;i ].>»£ life, had l"St con'rnl of his t'-mpe!-. Dashin" Slie iea from iiis face, and strode to her sirt'*, ami oil, it ? was an evil moment. j»i which he did such a cruel n::.! fur in far lets iitto than 1 tell \<m iu. he had lifted the bare, pretty arm and broken It against his knee! My lady sank back fainting, and my lord, when he saw me dart i» her side, got himself away. Well, he sent off at once i&r; a surgeon, and the arm was set. and much was the wouderment as to' the breaking. I could only say that I had found her lying _ When she came to Iit^raelf again I was sitting by her s'de, and never shall I for get the anguished look when she saw the bandaged arm and tmk remembrance of what had happened. She turned toward me with wide-stretcned eyes. " You will not let bim come it, Wil kins 1" " No, my lady," 1 promised mournfully, and presently she slept. But poor Sir Arthur's remorse was dreadful to witness. " How can I ever blame poor Agatha's lack of self-control," lie would groan, " when my sinful temper has led me to so brutal an act % Do you think she will see me to-morrow, Wilkins ?" But though on my knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, she steadfastly re fused each day to see liim. "When I spoke of his agonising remorse, she interrupted me. "Wilkins, will you carry my husband , a message from me ?" " That will I,'" I answered, right gladly, for methought she had relented of Ler harshness. "Tell him from me, then," she said, and her voice knew no tremor, "that never in this world, or the next, do I j wish to see his face again." "Oh, my lady," I begged, almost stunned, "do not ask me to tell him that!" " You promised. Go !" she said, coldly, and, with tears streaming from my eyes, I went. Sir Arthur lifted toward -me, when' I entered to him, a face which had aged five years in a fortnight. Well, Wilkins ?'? he said, a faint hope brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that cruel message, I know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, 1 fouad myself back with my lady, and shivering like one in an ague. No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, tor the time, I hated her. When she could have come fram her room, but kept it, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and when he saw that it was even so, he handed me, one day, a large envelope thick with contents, ask ing that i give it unto my mistress. She perused the document coldly, and re placing it, bade me carry it back, at which iny lard inquired eagerly if his wife re lented of her coldness. When I answered him nay, a look of blank despair fell over the handsome face. He told me the envelope contained his commission, and that he should go away on the morrow to serve the king, seeing that he could not his wife. And my heart bled for him when he said he could not ride until he had seen her. So I made bold to bid him follow me to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. When he entered iu I shrank back amid the hangings, afraid for this thing that I had done. ' My lady sat gazing from her window, and did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it me, until, struck by the silence, she turned and saw her hus band. You!" she said, in a voice mingling fear with scorn. " You !" " I am come to say good-bye, Agatha," he answered, cut to the heart by look and tone. Then quoth my cruel lady, with hand outstretched to the door: " So be it, fare thee well. Sir Arthur." He turned, leaving her presence, and his face was that of the old lord, his father, when he had lain dead in his coffin. And so my mistress let him away with out word of forgiveness or wifely love even though her heart raged in her bosom through worship of hiin. But she chide me not for the bringing o? him to her chamber. For many months Ave led a right lonely life in Berkeley Hall. My master wrote most regularly to his harsh lady, and each letter she read with indilferent mien, hauding it therewith to me, that the ser vants might know how their master fared. This news carried I to the servants hall," and of the war, but knowing my dutvj spoke naught of the passionate tenderness and pleading for forgiveness which filled liia pages. Never a line of good or ill did my mis tress pen, held by her wicked pride. But when the winter came on severe, and the great house grew chill and draughty, then did she grow each day more unlike her self. No longer did she read, or sin"-, or run, childlike, through the great halls. Hours now she passed gazing out at the snow-clad forests and gray skies; and oft tiraes at i:i^ht, when the gusty winds roared through the cracking trees and whistled sharply at the honse corners, would I see her straining her eves out through the darkness. And on one such a night I found her weeping in the win dow seat, and I knew she pondered on my lord, homeless, and bat! ling not alons with men, but with fierceness of Jhe ele ments and a despairing heart. It was then I plucked up courage to beseech my lady to write and bid lier lius band home again, knowing how that she had forgiven him Jong since.. Which same, after much bitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. But for her stub born pride now was she punished by a waiting long and grievous to be borne, in which ivc heard not from S'r Arthur, save rumors of battles hard-fought, won and lost, and of many killed and wounded. In the early spring my mistress fell ill unto death, and after many weeks, in which it seemed that the struggling soul must surely escape the fragile little body. I robed het once more, and carried her down to the gre;it hall jrhere she liked best to be. And I think we both »cpt for very happiness that she had not fled awiiy during those months of suffering, .rnd now she saw that it was summer time for tlv trees were heavy-leaved and the grass sprung jrrL'enly, still her one thought w;ts i<ir the w;irrior liusband for whom in silence she had mieved herself down into the shadow of death. As the hot days dra.^-cd by we saw that In-all is u;is n jt for her again unless ihe ;ih8:*uJ cuiiie. For sho gruw.no stronger, and when I lifted her from cliair to cou*.*h, !:r carried her ah>ng tiie otairway, almost, it was as though 1 held my own infant in uiy arms. One etewng, when I had cushioned her i" the do-p window sent, wish the cashes all thrown wide ih.tt she might feel the faint breezes steal across her wan face, slit? spoke to me of this. " Wilkins, do you think ho will come quickl v V" And I, knowing <if whom ehe thought, made liaHtj to answer . "Surely, my lid\ ; in ;i few weeks n>kW, at tiic iirnijst '' " Bat Wilkms," her answer came, j mingled with a sob, so weak was she, J poor lamb, that scarce could she speak without tears, " but oh, Wilkins, then 1 may not be here !" So choked was I with the fear that she spake the truth, that I could only kneel at her side and kiss the thin hands. With that she looked at me keenly, and reading niy face drew in her breath sharply once or twice, as a person wakened suddenly from deep sleep, then turned her face again to watch the stars, calm and bright above earthly unrest and gloom. Presently I sank low on the floor, lean ing my head lightly against my mistress, and so we sat far into the star-lit night. But bethinking myself of her feeble state, I besought her to allow me to bear her to her chamber, and when she answered me not, a cold fear sprang, like a clutch ing hand, to my heart, for I saw that she had stfrooned. The next day my lady asked me if I would render her a service. " What would I not?"I asked, where upon quoth she: " When I am gone, do you tear the silken covering from the portrait of my husband and Mistress Elizabeth, and should he come again, tell him I bade it done. But firmly am I persuaded that in another world he sees my sorrow and re pentance, and I myself will have his love and pardon ere many days." [ Nevertheless, she said to me, a little later in the day : > " I am trying hard to await his coming, but it is so long-so wearily long!" and j I again : " Ah. many and niiiny a break j was there in the two-fold music of our i lives! Mine were the discordances and the failures. Tell Arthur that now 1 have paused to take breath for an endless har mony." No, it had ant been a happy marriage, that of my lord and my lady, aud yet they loved each other. My lady's Spanish blood had spoiled her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gave him no clue to the wild pas sions and changing moods in the woman he had won. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lower, and all were despairing of her life, when my lord came home. Riding hard he came, mud-be spattered and travel-worn, dashing up to the great hall door and flinging from his steed. Ado it n the st;iir was I coming when I saw him on the threshold, aud sb one paralysed T stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But lay master strode ! across the hall and up the stair to where j I hailed, his jingling spurs and clanking I sword sounding strangely liarsh in that quiet house. ."* God save you, good Wilkins," he said, merrily. .' Do you mistake a man for a ghost that you stand aud stare? Where bides 1113' dear Jady ?" And then inethinks he must have seen trouble in my face, for he grasped my arm so that it was blue for many days, and demanded hoarsely : "M;iy it please you, air,"! said at last. " my mistress is very ill; I fear this sud den joy will kill her. Let me tell her you :>re here, lest-" " JSo, no ! my sweetheart will not die of me he cripd. " And love shall snaich her from the very grave !" He sprang past me and into the cham ber of my mistress. I heard a wild scream, and then sank trembling on the stair; for only that day the doctor had said a sudden shock would kill my poor lamb. But, ah ! 1 need not have whimpered so vainly, for from the hour of Sir Arthur's coming Mistress Agatha milled; and when at last she came down stairs again, her dark eyes soft and tender with happi ness, her husband carried her, not I. In truth, even had tie not gruHged me that sweet service, she bad grown much too heavy for my poor arms. The picture of Mistress Elizabeth was presently uncovered by my lady's own bauds, and in the days to come often stood she before it with her husband, ad miring its fair beauty with never a trace of jealousy or anger left in her chastened heart. For love and suffering had done in her their work. Many years have passed since then, child. I am an old, old woman, out living husband, master, mistress, all J loved. I can only wait patiently for the brief days to end which separate my dear ones from the fond heart that loved them so, and which is faithful still. Making a General. A Prussian officer serves five years to begin with as a lieutenant wiih his regi ment. This gives him a working know ledge of the elementary duties of his pro fession- Then comes a three years* train ing at the war academy, the high school for officers, founded in 1810, and finally placed in 1S72 under the superintendence of the chief of .he general staff. Af'er studying tactics, military history, fortification and other military subjects, as well as geography, mathematics and one or two modem languages, the young oincer is eligible for service on the great general staff, and for commands varying in responsibility from that of a company to the command of an army corps. For officers of recognised capacity, regimental service alternates with employment on the general staff. A captain on tlio stuff, after four years' work, is transferred to a regiment, and a year or two later may again be selected for the staff as major. After a further term of staff service he will get command of m battalion ; then, perhnps, return to the st aft" and afterwards be promoted to the comma»d of a regiment. From this pi.»st he may cnce more be selected for the staff, to become even tually tnajnr-geiieral in command of a brigade. Tin's is how generals arc made in Germany. IF people are only free to do what they are taught, the principle of freedom is destroyed by teaching, and the moral responsibility rests with the teachcr. ISV> true man can live .a half life when lie h;>s genuinely learned that it is only :i half life. The other half, the higher half, must haunt him. Wiii'.N a man is fortunate in business he attributes the fact to his ability. When lie is unfortunate he bewails his bad luclr. GOOD fortune aeldom comes pure and single, unattended by some troublesome or unexpected circumstance. THE poorest man on earth is the one who has the fewest trials. PEOPLE who kill lions learn to shoot by practising on other things. MUCH time is necessary to know people thoroughly. No young man is stronger than hiB weakest point. THE life aud light of a nation are in separable. 