FOILED AT THE FIEI8H. (A Detective Story). CHAPTER I. A PtJZZLIKG 9DHMOS8. “ Confound the fellow Sylvester Wade said it aloud, and I under my breath. Perhaps £ had the more reason, for I had received a nasty • knock on the knee from Wade’s bag. But, then, it was my fault. I was making a reckless dash for the high level platform at Willesden .Junction, and I came into violent collision with the detective. We recoiled and recog nised each other. Then the flash of anger was exchanged for a laugh—rue ful on my side—and we grasped hands " You are in a hurry, Mr Cnrtis.” “ I was ; bat I have time to talk to you.” “Ah, you are on the • look out for . A news. But I haven’t done much for you " . yet. The trail of onr man is uncom • monly hard to find. Still, I think I shall do it. I’ve wor i from the north about it now, and I aui taking the express to Liverpool, it is news that has come in an odd way, but I am bonnd to test it. We mustn’t let our party slip out of the country without leaving us an address. It is a little awkward for me to go. There has been a robbery at Cadmore Manor—Mr Gerald Humber’s place. Know it.” “ Yes ; a little.” “ He has wired me to go down at once and get at the bottom of it. Bui I can’t ; or, at all events, that must wait. My first obligation is to you—to ' run. to earth the, rogue who swindled your father so audaciously. I, will try : to effect that, if it is only because the trickster shows'such good sport and has such a bag of ruses. I am on my mettle.” “ Which means that we shall win.” And, indeed, I have never known a man in the spy business of to-day so clever, so successful, and withal so tho • rough a good fellow as Sylvester Wade. , It was native aptitude not to be re pressed that had put him into his pro fession and that kept hi in there, even when, as lie owned to me, he sometimes loathed it. “I hope so.” — As Wade spoke, a rumble was in the 'air. He again put out his hand. “ Time’s up—she’s coming along,” he said. “It’s rarely I have many minutes to spare, unless I figure for some reason as a station ghost. But I don’t care about driving the thing as close as you do. I can’t afford, to be cut out of the running by, perhaps, . .some conspirator in a hurry. Hope to wire you good tidings to-morrow. Ta ta” " The express was slowing in ; and T had a notion that Wade wanted to fo1 low his own devices in selecting a seat and companionship. I, therefore, ac cepted my dismissal, and was soon climbing the stair? again. I little thought that thi3 meeting was part of a ..carious double chance which would shatter an ingenious piece of villainy and help to my own. Looking back, I see that I met Wade in the nick of time. His errand on my behalf is easily de scribed. My father had been ruined 'through the machinations of scoundrels He was an honest country gentleman — a Curtis, of Paignton Curtis—and land values fell, and men farmed to tlieir ruin. He fell a victim to money-lenders, and they sucked him dry. There was cheating in the transactions that made 'him bankrupt and killed him with the blow, Wade was in pursuit of tlie rogue who had bagged the spoils. If he could be caught there was a probability that something might be recovered and buy me a miuor city partnership. Ij ; was waiting to see if it would be so. .What I had now heard had set me ’ face to face with another old problem , Nobody could mention (Jadmor Manor to me without giving a fillip to my " imagination and caused me to see visions. Mirage pictures, I called them, when sober sense began to criticise. fitjb they came constantly, and they • were fgjr, and I fed upon them when tuy days were full of desolation. I saw ’ the daintiest maid.cn in all ray home shire smil ng at me because I called her, with strange, mad daring. Ojbristie— jny Christie. And I saw the small oval flush through its tints of soft olive, . #nd the hazel eyes first droop and tLeu ppliFfc with a glorious wonder of faith in them. Sometimes there followed the vision of a pleasant fireside and of Christie Humber, changed into Christie Curtis, sea+ed there, and making home for the luckiest fellow in the great town. .... . When the steadyconsideration of hard facts wrung the romance out of my mood, I had to admit that few things wrefij less likely than that this should ’’soon come to’pass. My fortunes were tinder a cloud; and though oar old . neighbor at Oadgjor Manor was out wardly genial when we met, I was. aware fcltat the sadden check to ogr intercourse : meant that I was to harbour no foolish thoughts about his daughter. My pro's pests were not brilliant before the catas ' trophe 5 they were now dubious in the • ■extreme. Gerald Humber was a rich ■■■ir*j.J.way contractor, who had himself •twice married well, and who would . . naturally iaojf for a good match for .Christie; Whatever words of dangerous segawl had been spoken when the storm wan only a threat must -fall to the „ro'»nd- Ho would convince his dangh^ that as * serious suitor I wa? impossible. Yet wlicu T reached my room} in Kensington there w^* a telegram -lying on the table from Christies father. It said : “ If yon want to .hear of L. C., come immediately.” ’ “ L. C.” could only mean Levi Col : borne, which was the name (hr alias') of the rascally schemer whom Sylvester •7i';. Wade had gone to Liverpool to seek. r It puzzled me already. Of course, ray ' determination wa3 soon taken. I did ( not understand how Gerald Humber j should have news of our man ; bat . ’ policy demanded that I should seize •’ every chance .of enlightenment. In : addition, I might see and probably speak with Christie, and the thought •'"quickened me to eagerness. The tele gram had not been in long, and. after reading it I did not lose an unnecessary •' second. Twilight was beginning to close in as I crawled Up the Manor Avenue in a lugubrious fly, which was all that Hent bury station had to offer in the way of road conveyance. It was a billy drive of more than three miles to Cadmore Manor. As we stopped, a light form, dressed in soft grey,'tripped out into 1 he great porch. My heart was beating as if a drum were there—a treacherous manifestation I had schooled myself all the way to be inatter-of-fact and self-possessed, and to take a last look and a silent farewell, and to let hope finally drift away. But in Christie’s presence I somehow forgot good resolu tions. *• It is really you—Mr Curtis,’; he said, with, I fancied, an xid little break and quaver. “ I was almost afraid that the message had missed, or that you could not come. Mr Wade does not know that..we have sent for you.” “Mr Wade!? I ejaculated; helplessly. “ Yos ; Mr Wade is here. Yesterday was my twenty-first birthday ”—the voice dropped to a musical whisper, and the damask kindled on Christie s cheeks —“and papa had intended to give me a ring—a very expensive one, I believe; and it was stolen the day before. He was very angry, aad is still set on find ing the thief ont. Mamma has a new la :y’s companion, who pleases her very much. Mis3 Kesworth has the best testimonials ; and she recbinmen cd putting the case into the hands of - Mr Wade. Papa decided to do so. “ Do you mean Mr Sylvester Wade, Miss Humber?” “ Yes, that is the name.- I~saw it on the top of the telegram. He wired first to say he conld not come, haying to go to the north on urgent duty.' Then, afterwards, he came, tie had put aside the other matter to please papa—to earn a good fee, I suppose that means. And it transpired that the business he was on was yours. ' When we found that ont, we did not quite like it ; and papa sent to you, thinking you ought, at least, to hear what Mr Wade had discovered in reference to this Lon . Gojborne, and then, if yon wish the affair pressed on, papa will insist on Mr Wade’s fulfilling your orders.” . - J ’ The girl paused, but I was wandering in a maze of' conjecture, :andi; was in- no haste te» respond. “ The reasbhjwhy 'papa’AvaS;specially, anxious to have the mystery cleared up, and relieve our people of’ awkward: sus picions, is because my jewels were brought here.Jast night,” Christie went on. “ You remember I told you that my own mother’s jewels were to stay in a bank until I was twenty-one, and then were to be given me. A confidential agent came down with them. They are magnificent—much too fine for modest, insignificant me.” A happy excitement dominated Chris tie’s manner, and her bright ingenuous ness perilously swayed my own feelings. “ No, no,” f said, in ..protest- against her seif-depreciation. But a change on Christie’s countenance stopped me from going farther. We were still standing in the hall, and at that moment Mr Humber, appeared. 