SPORTING. tTâJUCANIAN RACING CLUB. H bL'- WINTEB^KEriNG. Saturday morning was aboat ss bright and pleasant as one could expect for tho time of tho year, end everything promised well for the meeting at Elwick. In the aftcrnonn there was a change of temperature, with one or two suspicious clouds flecking the horizon, and the atmosphere became decidedly chilly, making overcoats a very acceptable commodity. Still, apart from the general abstinence from winter meetings, this circums'ance of the weather could not have been responsible for the unusually emull attendance, which is rather a'trimi'alde to the fuá of ona or two counter attractions, chief of which was tho second day of the football contest between Geelong and Southern Tasmania. No doubt there were a few patrons of the turf who were jutt as kceuly interested in the issue of tilia,event as in the business at Elwick Although ihe stewards had provided an inviting programme, the returns of the day were below ihe average, and muat result in loss to the club. As u«ual Bpecial trains were ruo by the Government, and tickets were issued at halt fare from no u ly »li ihe country s'ationa. Many caine by the specials from Hobart, but judging from the vehicles on the road-varying from the majestic landau of the squire to ' the Ticketty apology on springs of the grerucrocor-this «as the more favoured means of reaching the course. Lady Hamilton, accompanied by the Governor's private secretary, was present, and amongst others we noticed the Hon. j. XV. Agnew, president of the club, who has been for stme time absent from the' colony. There was a fair sprinkling of the fair sex, but the dresses worn were scaicely of the dszzlirg and bewitel ing character wo are in the habit of feeing at the spring meeting. The lawn W»B rather too moist for a promenade, and the ladies «ho ventured were evidently stimulated solely by the desire to acquire a little i warmth. There was a good deal of interest in the reces, particularly in the Steeplechase, which waa certainly an exciting conteet. Several hor> CB carne to grief both in thia and the Maiden Hurdle; but it is satisfactory to note that none of the riders sustained more than passing injuries. As a rule the fields were pood. Capital buainess was dono on the "tote" tor the first event, -the M'.idcn Hurdle-and, as not infre- quently happens, tho prophets were all put to the blush hy an outsider coming in first, Considerable surprise was expressed at the amount paid by the totaliaator on this ruco. Quilp was the winner, and it had been backed in all good faith by the owner and his man, and by scarcely anybody else. They had £79 to divido between them, and four city constables, who had made a syn dicate for the same "fancy," were similarly favoured ia,the result. All the information one could gather in. a catch conversation about Quilp was that he was by Dickens out of Old Curiosity Shop. But the waga will have their jest even on the most solemn occasion. It seems to be true that the animal up to a few days ago was carrying a butcher's basket, and is only just commencing a turf career. It is worth while remarking that since the last meeting several noticeable improvements have been effected by the Ground Committee, and these are to be continued, particularly in the direction of extending the carriage ground in line with the lawn. ABphalt has been laid in the vicinity of the totalitator. which certainly did not look very inviting in bad weather, though, there ia no case on record where the accumulated mud has deterred a man from going for his dividend. The City Band, under the conductorahip of Mr. T. XV. Hopkins, played the following selec tion of music:-Fas redouble, "Precio«a," Devery ; overture, Pfitritani, Bellini ; valse, *'Ta-ra-ra-boom- de-ay," Millara; selection, Faust, Gounod ; piccolo solo, " Birds of the forest," Bonniaseau, Mr. E. Sharp ; valse, " Blue Danube," Strauss ; selection, Grand Duehees, Offenbach ; vulse, '* Soldaten Leider," Gung'l ; galop, " The Jockey," Godfrey, "Mr. ChaB. H. Westwood, the secretary, waa active and obliging aB is his wont, and the administration of the follow- ing officials left nothing to be desired : Judge, Mr. Albert Flexmore ; starter, Mr, G. E. Smith ; handicapper, Mr. P. G. Mona- ghan; clerk of the scales, Mr. J. W. Palmer ; clerk of the course, Mr. J. Walton. The dull thud produced by the horses' hoofs as tbey were taking their preliminaries for the Maiden Hurdle Race told of the heavy nature of the courte, which WSB com- paratively firm going to that experienced in other parts nf tho running ground. The only scratching from the candidates for the event mentioned was Compeer, who had hurt himself a few days before, and thus the field that faced Mr. Smith numbered 11. Among them were such well-known runncra on the flat as Jack-in- the-Green, Amalgam,and Rustic, the first-named two dividingfavourit ism. The big towerine black, who might have been dubbed the "Redleap" of thecrowd as far as size was concerned, did not exercise his pace at the early étages of the race, the task of cutting out the running having been left to Amalgam, who negotiated his burdles neatly until the jump approaching the river side waa reached, which he struck »nil fell, Rustic, who was in his wake, ' sharing the same mishap. A grey, mistaken by some for Merrim»n, was then discovered to be in command, with Freedom (who had come from Fingal with a reputation) at hie lieelB, As they neared home the leader WRB dis- covered to be the rank outsider Quilp, and as the final hurdle lay flat on the ground, it was fully expected that some of those be nind him with pretensions to pace would beat him home. The effort made on Freedom was unsuccessful, and the actual result was one of the greatest sur- prises witnessed at Elwick. The horse was carrying a basket until "prepared" fora butcher s race on the same course, which be won. Quilp is a son of a namesake of his who was destroyed by fire at Mr. E. Parker's stables, and the Maiden Hurdle winner WAB bred by Mr, Coatíes at Spring Bay, his present owner being Mr. A. E, Foster, of Hobart. Out of £176 on the machine, but one single sovereign was in- vested on the victor, naif of which was in the owner's interest, and the other repre- sented the speculation of a quartette of policemen, who each put half-a-crown into a ticket. .Their share of the disbursement amounted to £19 10s. a man, while the pro- prietor of the horae threw in for the nice little " divvy " of £78, or odds equal to 155 to 1, which price could scarcely have been ob- tained from the ring, despite his outside chance. When the Btarters were hoisted for the Glenorchy Handicap the board denoted 10 runners, including the once celebrated Waverley representative Macquarie, tho hero of a Tasmanian Derby and of a Laun- ceston and Hobart Cop. With Fisherman he was quoted by the books a favourite, but it appeared as though others were carrying as much of the little money invested with the penuillers, while The Sigo, for instance, was far and away a better fancy with in- vestors on the totalitator. At the fall of the flag The Jersey Maid was quickly off the mark, and though the pace was anything but merry, the heavy going not- withstanding, the only pair able to live with the two-year-old even in the first ha'f-milo were Atabi and Red Rover, who both parted company with the filly three furiongs from home. The Ringarooma horse looked like fighting out the finish as tbey entered the straight, but his run waa of limited dura- tion, and The Jersey Maid proved victorious in a miserably Blow run race. Fisher man did not run up to anticipation, and the display made by The Sign must baye greatly disappointed his ad- mirers, The field for the Steeplechase numbered nine, Ouida seeing the shortest odds, although it was long after the horses were out on the course that preparations were made for weighing out the rider and saddling the mare. A capital finish made some amends for the poor contest, as a whole, albtit it should be remembered that the jumps are the reverse of a moderate character. The first to shirk tho business were Hard Timea and Intrigue at the initial fence, and Settling Day being alongside the former, bo had to share in the balk, though be oleared it at the not time of asking. The " stand . ups " during the first circuit were Ouida (who was. running in the rear division), . Darkie, Settling Day, Warrior, Sylvester, Brown Eagle, and The Clown. - After negotiating the treble safely Darkie fell'at the succeeding fence, a round of applause, followiag Becker's action in clinging to the reins and vaulting into the saddle, but this appareatly 'abort delay lost him a lot of ground. Tha Clown fell iii a heap at the iump near 'the 'milo post, where Settling )ay, Warrior, and Sylvester were pretty well together, Ouida improving her position, and Brown Eagle toiling on last but one. A quarter - of a mile further on, and the field experienced another defection through Warrior coming to grief, and as Ouida was not dangerously in sight, the event at this juncture promised to re- solve itself into a tussle between Settling Day and Sylvester. Tho former gave the mare the go-by before reaching the last jump, but he refused it, and Sylvester crossed unerringly. Ouida had then begun ..,...-J.I,l.llJl.i. .v.l. .!?>». to come at her top, and though sho had at least 150 yards to make np in the last quarter of » mile, she was upsides with the leader at the~dista~ncc; and had her head and neck ia front a abort distanco from the goal. The other mare, coming again later on, the fioi.h provod very exciting, and as they parsed the judge the favourite had just a head the worst of it. For not riding Settling Day to orders, Hiscutt was brought before the stewards, and admonished to be careful in future to carry out an owner or trainer's instructions. A mixed field of half a score ti io J conclusions in the Winter Handicap, for which Pauline was early installed favourite. The unknown quantity (as far as pedigree goes, except that she was imported from New Zealand) made hacks of those opporcd to her, some of whom were half a distance off as she cantered past the judge a very pronounced winner. Between llabylon and Dick Turpin there was a stt to for second money, and the latter appeared to get up, althoueh tho other's number was hoisted underneath that of the winner. Pauline is owned by a triumvirat«, in which a local auctioneer has the largest interrst. The smallest field of the dev, nnmbrring seven, contested the Hurdle Handicap, Young Lapidist being the popular selec- tion. As the runnera were jumping the hurdle in front of the stand, Leo »truck hard and shott Hiscutt out of the saddle, who turned three or four complete somer- saults. Luckily the horses behind him were pulled off, otherwise the result would have heen serious. During the race the Maiden Hurdle winner ran up with the leaders for a mile, when. Trafalgar appeared dangerous Once Young Lapidist was called upon none of the others had the ghost of a show, and ho won ia hollow fashion. Appended is a re- turn of the running : MAIDEN HURDLE RACE, Of GOsovs,; second horse to receive lOaovs from the stake. About one and a half miles. .* . ' Mr. D. V. Fergusson ns g h Quilp, by Quilp, aged, lOst. 3lb. ... (Spencer) 1 Mr S. M. WilBon'schg Freedom. 6yrs., 9st 121b.i-- J, (Hiscutt) 2 Mr. M. Doyle ns b g Gordon, 4yrs., 9st. 7lb . ... (Walters) 3 Mr. A. Lowe's o h After Game.qByra.,'^ lOst. 31b. (Lowe) 0 Mr. J. Powell's blk h Jaok-in-the-Uri-en, 5yrs., lOst. 31b. ...<. * ... ' (Bolles) 0 Mr. C. Carter's g h Merri/n&n.;'aged, lOst. 31b. ... ii '.'.. h,',i. - (MiBtirs) 0 Mr. J. Carroll's g hL'Amalgam, 6yrs., lOst. 31h. . "..-, 11 ... i * I ... (Allen) 0 Mr. J. Harrod's b g Sultan, aged, Ost. 121b. - ... i ... ' ' ... (Harrison) 0 Mr. A. E. Kearney's br h- Rustió, 4yrs., 9st. 121b.i .j (A. Kearney) 0 Mr. H Stump's g g 'Artist, aged, Ost. 12 b. ... (Mr. H. Stump) 0 Mr. J. Law's c g Kimberley, 5yrs., 9sc. 121b. ... -.. in.... i (A. Law) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 Jack-in-the-Groen and Amalgam ; 4 to'l Rustic; 6 to 1 Kimberley and Merriman ; 10 to, 1 others. Amalgam led away, and crossed the jump in front of the stand with a lead of * six or eicht lengths, the gap being reduced as they ran past the mile post, where Gordon waa second, in advance of Jack-in-the-Green, with Rustic next, the rear division in a bunch, except After Game. After passing the homestead Amalgam was thrca lengths ahead of Gordon, with Rustic bandy, tbe latter being in close attendance upon the leader at the jetty. At the jump near the six- furlong pott Amalgam foil, and Rustic toppled over him, Quilo there- after ( slightly heading the «.eld, at tended by Freedom, the Evandale repre- sentative about fifth. Quilp continued in front, although closely pressed by Freedom, till within the distance, where Hiscutt shook his charge up, but to no avail, as the outsider was enabled to struggle home a winner by upwards of a length, with Gordon two lengths away third, Sultan fourth, Artist and Jack- in-the Green next, After Game last. Time: 3min. 20Jseo. Totalisator (IDs ) : 352 tickets ; 2 on winner ; dividend, £79. GLENORCHV HANDICAP, Of 50sovs. Second norse to receive lOsovs. from the stake. One mile, Mr. G. E. Smith's ch f The Jersey Maid, by The Assyrian-May Queen, 2yrs., 7st. 31b.(Anderson) 1 Mr. Chris. KruBhka's o g Red Rover, aged, 8st. 51b. '... (Smith) 2 Mr. J. Carroll's br h Fisherman, 4yrs , 7st. 121b. (Hustings) 3 Mr. C. S. Agnew's o h Macquarle,"5yrs , Oat. 21b.' ..., (Stebbings) 0 Mr. H. Jeuuing's b m Atabi, 4yrs., Sst, 31b.,... '.(Davis) 0 Mr. J. Kearney's, b na Helene, 6yrs , 8st. 31b. '. , ,... : ...(Neeaon) 0 Mr. D."V. Fergussons ch c The' Sign, 3yrs"¡7st. 31b. (carrisd-7st 111b. ... i i '."i . .' ... (Spencer) 0 Mr.' C E. Hewitt ns b m Nepean, 4yrs., 7st. 21b. (carried 8st. lib ) ...(Fletcher) C Mr. ^V.' Dalian's b m Looselin.ba, Gyrs., 7st. . ... ... (Master Blackwell) 0 Mr. D.,. BurnB* b m. Dawn, Cyrs.,i 7st. (carried7st. 81b.) ... , ,.,. (Holding) C Betting : 3"to 1 agst Macquarie and Fisher- man ; 4 to 1 The Sign"; 5 toi Atabi, 7 to 1 Red Rover ; 8 to 1 The Jersey Maid ; 10 to 1 others. . ' " The Jersey Maid was off in front at fl-sg fsll, attended by Helene and Red Rover, with Atabi next, and these were the leading positions for a furlong or so, when Red Rover took second place, The Jersey Maid being four tenths clear at tHe half-mile poet, whore Fisherman waa running fifth, and Macquarie last but one. Red Rover had slightly decreased the interval aa they turned into the straight, but he failed to overhaul the two year-old, who succeeded in beating the Ringarooma representative by two lengths. Fisherman, ss ho passed Atabi and Helene this side the distance, waa third, three lengths behind Bed Rover, Helene fourth, Macquarie last but one, The Sigo being the last to pass the post. Timo : lmm. 57sec. Total sator : 469 tickets ; 33 ¡ on winner ; dividend, £6 7s. OBAND STEEPLECHASE HANDICAP, Of 120sovb. Second horse to receive 20sovs. from the stake, ¿bout two and a-half miles. Mr. A. J. Gray as b m Sylvester, by Young Panic, atjed, 9st 91b. (Allen) 1 Mr. J. Powell's blk m Ouida, 6yrs. or aged, list. 71b.(Bolles) 2 Mr. W, Harrison's br h Brown Eagle, aged, 9st. 71b.(Harrison) 3 Mr. J. (Kearney blk g Darkie, aged, lOst 71b.(Becker) 0 Mr, S. M. Wilson's ch st Settling Day, aged, lOst. 71b.(Hiscutt) 0 Mr. A. E. Kearney's ne br g Wjrrior, 6yrs" lOst. Sib. ... . (A. Kearney) 0 Mr. C. Carter's blk g Intrigue, 6yrs., lOst. Sib. (Masters) 0 Mr. W, Meeson ns blk or br g Hurd Times, aged, lOat. ... (Gourley) 0 Mr. C. K. Hewitt ns g or r h The Clown, aged, 9st. 71b. ... (Fletcher) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 agat Ouida ; 4 to 1 Sylvester and Settling Day; 5 to 1 Darkie and The Clown ; 10 to 1 others. Warrior, Sylvester, and The Clown were the leading trio at the 6rst fence, which was refused by Intrigue, Settling Day, and Hard Times, the last named stopping at the next obstacle, where tbe former positions were unaltered. Sylvester then ltd from The Closvn, svho held a momentary lead along the ba-k. Settling Day being fourth, in front of Darkie, svith Brown Eagle last. At the initial of the treble Sylvester was in command, closely attended by Warrior and Settling Day, the latter two changing places at the middle fence, but occupied their former berths at the fence opposite the saddling paddock, svhich jump brought Darkie dosvn but he was quickly remounted. The Clown fell at the fence near the mile post, svhich -ss as led up to by Settling D«y, who instantly resignrd his lead to Sylvester, Warrior second, Settling Day thirrl, Uuida, svho was running at some considerable dis- tance from the van, having now somewhat improved her position. At the jump ad- jacent to the five furlong post Warrior came to grass, and Settling Day moved up closer to Sylvester. The p-.ir ran in close company to the foot of the hill, when the chestnut got in front and was well clear of her companion svhen he turned his head at the last fence. Ouida ivas now coming at a g'cat bat, and eucceeded in collaring Sylvester a couple of hundred yards from the winning-post. The pair raced together for a while when Ouida got her head in front, and a narrow victory was being proclaimed for the Evandale mare. Sylvester, however, came again opposite the open stand with Ouid« still hanging to her. After a very exciting finish Sylvester just got home by a head from the daughter of Leitrim, Brown Eagle third, a hundred yards off then follosved Darkie. Time : Cmirj. 40sec. Totalisator: 4SI tickets; 65 on winner; dividend, £3 Cs. c , Winter HANDICAP, ' ' Of 80sovs. Second horse to receive lOsovs, from the stake. One mile and «,-quatter. Mr. Vf. Neesons ns b m Pauline, 4yrs. 7st 31b. (can¡ed 7st. 5¡b ) ...(Neeson) 1 Mr. C. S- Agoeiv's b ni Babylon, 4yrs,, 8st. 101b.(Stebbings) 2 Mr. J. Powell's br h Diok Turpin, 4yrs , I 8st 12!b.(Woodfield) 3 Mr. F. W. Krushka'» b g MaoGregor, 5y.-s., 8st. (Smith) 0 Mr. F. Gherkie's br b Swinton, Syrs., 7st. 71b. (Holding) 0 Mr. J. Carroll's br h Fisherman, 4yrs., 7st. 71b. (Davis) 0 Mr. D. V. Ferguson's ch o The Sign, 3yrs., 6st 121b. (carried 7st. 41b.) . - ... _._...-**=. (Nangle)- 0 Mr. M. Doyle ns br c Strahan, 2yrs , 6st. 10lb... .. (Anderson) 0 Mr. J. Harrod's b g Sultan, aged, 6st. 7lu. (carried Gst. 81b.) ... (Asgtove) 0 Mr. W. Dalian's br h Darnley, 4yrs., Ost. 71b. (carried 6st. 91b.) . . (Master Blackwell) 0 Betting ; C to 4 agst Pauline ; 4 to 1 Babylon and Strihan ; 5¡to 1 Fisherman ; Oto 1 Macgregor; 8 to 1 Dick Turpin ; 10 to 1 others. Dick Turpin got slightly the best of the start, Strahan and Swinton taking tho I field round to tho six-furlong post, where the former was joinod by MacGregor and the favourite, Babylon fourth, ia advance of Dick Turpin, Fisher- man next. Strahan having retired approach- ing the hulf-mlle post, MacGregor and Pau- lino ran together to the bottom of the hill, when the favourite was given the lead, and continued in front to the turn, «hero Babylon anti Dick Turpin made their effort, and disposing of MacGregor, the Waierly mare was within three lenuths of the leader rounding for home, closely attended by Duk Turpin. The further they weat the greater the favourite increased her lead, anti she cvcntuully won without effort by five or six lengths. Tho Waverly and Evandale renresentatives fought out second monej, the honours having been awarded Babylon. Fisherman waa fourth, the others preseutinn a Btraggling tail. Time : 2uiim 24|Jspo Totalisator : 65G tickets ; 190 on winner ; dividend. £1 11s. hurdle handicap, Of 80sovp. Second hsrse to receive lOsove. from the stake. About one mile and a half. Mr. J.' Powell'B br g Young LapidÎBt, by Lapidist-Young Impudence) aged, lOst. 6lb.... '.V.(Rolles) 1 Mr. 3. Masters' b g Trafalgar, Gyrs., 9st. 91b." .v .'.(Masters) 2 Mr. D, V. Fergusson 'ns g h Quilp, ajzed, 9st. ... ' ..'. '.(Spencer) S Mr. H. Jennings' b g Merry Soul, aged, 10ft. 101b.(Allen) 0 Mr. M. ' Qcoson's ch h Leo, 5yrs , Oat. i 71b. ... ' ... '. (Hiscutt) 0 Mr. W. Chapman's ch'g Young Hero, aged, 9at 51b.., .,. ... (Gourley) 0 Mr. A. Lowe's b g Sirius, 5yrs., 9st. 51b. ...' . (Lowe) 0 Betting : 5 to 2 ' agst "Merry Soul and Young Lapiditt ; 3 to 1 Leo ; 4 to 1 Young Hero ; 5 to 1 Sirius and Trafalgar ; 10 to 1 Quilp. ' Sirius and Young Lapidist showed the way over the first hurdle, the latter being in front at the jump opposite the stand, which Leo hit and threw Hiscutt out of the saddle. Quilp was following Lapidiet closely at the jetty, and these two wre prominent to the half milo post, where Trafalgar was taken along, and headed the ' field round and half way up the turn. Here Young Lapidist was given hiß bead again, and 1 o qutckly deprived Trafalgar of his advantage, eventually winning by four or five lengths from that horse, with Quilp third, about six lengths away, followed by Merry Soul, Young Hero, and Sirius at rather lengthy intervals.' Time : 3mln. 17sec. Totalisator : 562 tickets, 157 on winner ; dividend, £1 12s. j This wrs the conduding event of the pro- gramme. _ 