GLEANINGS. An English naturalist has discovered proofs that the bedbug was quite common in the armies of the world at least 120 years before the Christian era, and that he was ever a sea rover, as the fleets of that day had their timbers stocked with this breed of nocturnal prowlers. By the use of Ayer's Sarsaparilla, the bloom of health may be restored to the system which has become enfeebled with disease. The best vitaliser and blood-puri-. fier is Ayer's Sarsaparilla. A good story is told of the Queen's prize winner. When he was a law student he attended a professional "At Home/* and gave his name, on being asked by the ser vant, as " David Dear." The girl blushed, j and said " Yes, yes; but what is your other name, sir ?" Mr. Dear assured her that he had no other name, but the girl knew better, and announced him as Mr. David. "My dear," said a husband to his affec tionate better half, after a little squabble, " you'll certainly never be permitted to go to heaven." " Why not?" " Because you'll, be wanted as tormentor below." Castles in the air do not bring in any rent A medical contemporary, which has been giving the fair sex & lesson on health, remarks that "Bed cheeks are simply oxygen in a reflected form; and young ladies anxious to possess them should seek them where the roses get theirs-out of doors." This is true enough, doubtless j but there is something to be said on the other side. How does our medical friend explain away the fact that roses stop in their beds all day ? It is a sure test of love when a woman tells a man who is smoking in her presence that she " adores tobacco smoke." Let a man attempt to blow a cloud in the com pany of a woman who does not care a fig for him, and then look in her countenance for approbation. If he does not find con siderable of what Byron calls "silent thunder" there, he ?will prove a lucky man, and the lady will be an angel of amiability. A famous surgeon told me that he went once to see a lunatic in a private asylum, and that, in passing through a corridor, he was thus accosted by one of the patients: " Take off your hat, sir." "Why should I ?" asked my friend. " Because I am the son of' the Emperor of the French." "Oh, I beg your Royal Hig-hness's pardon," apologised my friend, taking his hat off. On revisiting the asylum a month or so later, he was again accosted in the same corridor by the son of the Emperor of the French, and in the same words: " Take off your hat, sir I" " Why ?" again asked my friend. " Because 1 am the son of the Emperor of Germany." " Of the Emperor of Germany ? Surely, when last I had the honor to see your Royal Highness, you were the son of the Emperor of the French?" " Ah, well-yes," he stammered. But recovering at once from his embarrassment, he added brightly, "That was by another mother." GHOSTS IN THE TEMPLE.-The London correspondent of the Manchester Courier writes:-Christmas is undoubtedly the time for ghosts, and very appropriately a strange story reaches me from one of the T«ng of Court. A set of chambers had been vacant for some time; indeed, they had only been tenanted for three weeks during the last six years. The rent was remarkably mode rate, and the rooms were comfortable. Accordingly a young barrister took them for a month or so. He never inquired why it was that they had been so long empty, nor had he any idea that they were supposed to be haunted. He had not however, been in possession many days before he announced his determination to quit the rooms, though he had spent a good deal of money in doing them up and furnishing them. His friends naturally asked for an explanation, and he confessed that he had seen a ghost, or rather a collection of ghosts, for every night, he said, the door opened of its own accord and in walked three men and a woman, dressed in . last century costumes. They sat down at the table, and commenced to talk and to drink. Eventually the talk got loader and a violent quarrel broke out, in the course.of which the woman was stabbed. After this catastrophe ghosts disappeared. Such is the most recent ghost story. To KEEP IRON PIPES FROM RUSTING.- i A simple and economical way of tarring sheet iron pipes, to keep them from rusting, described in the Scientific American, is well worth notice, and is as follows:-The section as made should be coated with a coal tar and then filled with light wood shavings, and the latter set on fire. It is declared that the effect of this treatment will be to render the iron practi cally proof against rust for an indefinite period, rendering future painting unneces sary. In proof of this assertion, the writer cites the example of a chimney of sheet iron erected in 1886, and which, though being treated as he discribes, it is as bright and sound to-day as when erected, though it has never had a brushful of paint applied to it since. It is suggested that by strongly heating the iron after the tar is laid on the outside, the latter is literally burned into the metal, closing the pores and rendering it rust proof in a far more complete manner than if the tar itself was first made hot and applied to cold iron, according to the usual practice. It is important, of course, that the iron should not be made too hot, or keep too hot for too long a time, lest the tar should be burned off. Hence the direction for the use of light shavings instead of any other means of heating. Backache, stitches in. the side, inflation j and soreness of the bowels, are symptoms of a disordered state of the digestive and j assimilative organs, which can be corrected by the use of Ayer's Cathartic Pills. Those .who are unlucky enough to own stumbling horses may read the following . with, advantage; bat the best advice with a : stumbler is 4)0 get rid of him at any cost: ; " Some good horses are addicted to stum bling while walking or moving at slow trot. ; There are two causes which would tend to produce this faulty action-one a general weakness in the muscular system, such as would he noticed in a tired horse, the other a weakness of the exterior muscles of the legs, brought about by carrying too much "weight on the toe. To effect a cure, lighten the weight of each front shoe about four ounces; have the toe of the shoe made of steel instead of iron. It will wear longer; have it rounded off about the. same as it would be when one-third worn out, in order to prevent tripping; allow one week's rest; have the legs showered for a few minutes at a time with cold water through a hose, in order to create a spray; then rub dry briskly from the chest down to the foot. W hen you commence driving again omit the slow jog; either walk or send him along at a sharp trot for a mile or two, then walk a little, but do not speed for at least several weeks. By this means, the habit of stumbling from either of the above i causes will be pretty well overcome." j A most peculiar case of prolonged sleep is at present occupying the attention of medical circles in Germany. A miner named Johann Latus is now an in mate of the hospitalat Myslowitz, in Silesia, where he was admitted four and a half months ago, and since then all effoit to wake him have been fruitless. Dr. Albers, the doctor attending him, is of opinion that the apparent sleep is really a state of cata lepsy though medical science has on record no previous case of such a prolonged nature. He has arrived at this conclusion on account of all the limbs being absolutely rigid. The appearance of the man, however, be trays no sign of this. The body lies quite still, the breathing is regular, and there is a healthy color in the cheeks. In the last few days the body has become much less rigid, and the patient has made some slight movement without, however, the eyes open ing or the condition of apparent sleep being in any way disturbed. In the four and a half months that the sleep has lasted the hair has increased in length, but the beard has remained stationary. Nourishment, to the extent of two or three litres of milk, is administered daily-by a tube inserted, into the throat. THE SILENT AND THE TALKEBS.-It is an error of youth to despise parrots for their much talking. Loquacity isn't always a sign of empty-headedness, nor is silence a sure proof of weight and wisdom- If Von Moltke knew how to hold his tongue in six separate languages. Napoleon on the other hand was an incessant tattler; and is it not recorded of Macaulay afe'a pecular feat that on one memorable occasion he treated the company to "several brilliant flashes of silence ?" Need I cite once more Coleridge's famous friend who opined of baked dump lings, "Them's the jockeys for I ?" Need I pair Cato and Wellington, those taciturn souls, with Pericles, Demosthenes, Cicero,. Pitt and Mirabeau? Are the silent Spa: tans, who enriched the world with the ad jective laconic, more generally esteemed for their intellectual qualities .than the talka tive Athenians, ever eager to hear or to say some new thing, who endowed it only with Attic salt ? No, no! let us get rid of such Puritan prepossession. Silence is not. always or necessarily golden; for its chief prophet has himself sung its praises in . twenty-four volumes octavo of close small pica, which form his main title to the ad miration of posterity. If he'd taken his own advice and practised what he preached, he'd be remembered now at Ecclefechan alone as an indifferent stone-mason who mended the auld brig and built a new wall round the U. P. school-house.-Cornhill Magazine. " What a woman can do with a hairpin," is thus amusingly set forth in a Scottish paper, probably from an American source : -A woman can do more with a hairpin than a man can do with any other instru ment in existence. She takes it to button her shoes, to crimp her hair, to fasten her hat on, to button her gloves and the waist buttons of her dress, and to pin her veil. She can use it as a paper knife, or a book mark; to opsin a letter, or to draw a device upon a seal If she twists the ends it be comes a tape needle, or a safety pin, or a key ring. It is a very decent bodkin. In an emergency it is as good as an ordinary pin; better in fact, for it can be made to do double duty. It supplies many of the missing intricacies of buckles, suspenders, and supporters, and repairs any damaged domestic article requiring a few inches of wire and a little feminine ingenuity. _ A woman traces a pattern with a haiipin dipped in her shoe blacking, and smoked in the gas she uses it to pencil her eye-brows. If her husband is not at home, she will take it to clean his pipe or cigarette holder. And after he has broken his pocket knife and hunted helplessly all over the house for a piece of wire, she will draw her hair pin with a pitying look and clear out the gas burner, or reopen the waist-pipe of the stationary bowl. A woman can use a hair pin as a corkscrew for any kind of bottle she cares to open. Ever ready to her hand, whether she uses it to pick her trunk lock or to trim a lamp wick, to mend her brace let or her bustle, she handles it with a dex terous grace and a confident skill that are born of inherited knowledge, and educated, by long practised use. THE CLAIMANTS FOE A DEAD HUSBAND. A singular case of two widows claiming the dead body of a husband has occurred at Hinckley. John Hobson, a sewing machine agent, died at -Derby Boad, Hinckley, last Sunday, after a short illness. Much sym pathy was expressed in the town for the widow who had only been married three weeks. The funeral was fixedfor yesterday.. In the morning friends of the deceased ap peared frcm a~distance,and, to the surprise of the widow, were accompanied by a very respectably-dressed woman, who flung her self across the dead body of Hobson in the greatest grief, and recognised him as her husband, with whom she had resided at Leeds. Hobson, it appears, left his wife at about the time he went to Hinckley, and had been advertised for under the'heading " Return, and all the past will be forgiven," but though- the advertisement came under his knowledge he did not return to his wife, but married again. The funeral arrange ments were postponed, and the body taken away from the town by the friends of the deceased and his first wife. Inquiries have been made at the leading firms of sewing machine maker's in Leeds, but at none of them is there any trace of a person of the name of Hobson having been employed. HOLIOWAY'S PILLS AND OiiTTausrr.-Th« most effectual Cure for Gout and Eheumatism.-A frequent cause of these complaints is the inflammatory state-of the blood, attended with bad digestion, lassitude and great debility, showing the want. of a proper circulation of the fluid, and that impurity of the blood greatly aggravates these disorders. Holloway's Pills are so. purifying a nature that a few dosas taken in time are an effectual preventive against gout and rheumatism, but anyone that has an attack of either should use Hollo-way'« Ointment also, the powerful properties of | whieh, combined with the effects of the PUls, ensure a certain cure. 