Pit Ul o 11» I LH IL ^." NORFOLK ISLAND. JLHTIIE.N'TK: IM'.«/»«!«. No. 13. CONVICT CUlnLTfS MOONEY. In the year 1830 a strange outrage was oommitted in Malahide, Ireland, which fox a year bailed all (Harts of the authorities to '.. ; discover the perpetrators. The orime that was oarrled out was one that is now prae tioally unknown, but at that poriod was of frequent ooanrrenoe and gave rise to many disgraceful oiroumatanoea. It waB that ot body snatching, and the Malahide outrage waa carried out under extraordinary and peculiar surroundings. A gentleman narced Talbot Edwards had for many years resided in Malahide. He waa C an elderly bachelor in 1831!, and of very ecoontria habits, and it was generally_ under stood that he was possessed of considerable i wealth. In the summer of that year he ? took Berioue'y ill, and bia only attendant was an old housekeeper who bad oome to the dis trict with him nearly twenty years previously; ' Edwards' illness beoamo so seriouB that a dootor had to be called in, who bluntly told bis patient to prepare himself for the worst and arrange his worldly affairs if he had not already done so. The dying man on receiv ""'-.' ing this intimation at onco had a messenger ' diepatohed to Dublin for a certain attorney * whom he wished to draw up bia will. In due ' course thia man (one Michael Hardy]) ar rived and remained with Edwards until his death, which took plaoo a lew days after. The will was a most ourlons document. . Amongst other things it provided that a watch of three approved mon should bo kept (?;'*? at bis grave day and night for three months, in order to prevent tho Buooeaslul operations i of tho " resurrection men," as the ghoul-like body snotohers were oalled. A substantial legaoy was loft to tho housekeeper, and the '?' attorney and these two parsons were op \ pointed the exeoutors of the will. In the event of their not faithfully carrying out the '- truet reposed in them, the testator in another oíanse invoked terrible maledictions on their V beads. Those who know the Irish obaraoter and ?\ tho superstitious reverenco they pay to the ' xoqueBta of tho dying, even when not accom panied by ourses or threats of " haunting," \- will readily believe that the housekeeper and . the attornoy complied in every respeat with Edwarde' requests. Hardy seleoted three men to watoh tho grave, aa provided in the f: will, end one o! tho throo was a farm ;'; laborer named Charles Mooney. He lived in a small oabin near the cemetery, and was j, employed by the surrounding farmers when , . they required help. He had the reputation of being an oxaellent workman, with an .'' - Hibernian's fondness for wbiBky, and in 1830 be waa il years, but a bachelor. Ho waa glad to aooopt tba position ot :[ - grave-watohor, as a vary liberal payment was ;r, offered, although he would bavo preferred ' oarnlng it in some other manner than by mounting guard in a ohurcbyard over tho ;. mortal remains of a man about whom some j;- - queer stories had been told. Tho Irish p. obaraoter it might be said is a Btrango mix . turo of superstitious aowardioe and dare-devil !; courago. : : Half a oontuay ago it was quito a common thing for stalwart young mon visiting a tarm ac , house of on evening, whero Bomo old orono .;'.' might happen to narrate ghost stories, to re % ; main at the houso all night, as tboy were too ^ ' frightened to go homo in tho darkness, v Thcso same mon would subsequently beaome j'.-,-., the finest eoldicra and Bailors io tho world, i ; performing deeds ot heroism equal to tho ^ legends of Greek or Roman warriors. Dike | ;-Biohard HI., shadows at night bad more .ty terrors for them than tho substanoe of ten ¡s. .thousand men, but, unlike the bunohbaok jusurper, the fears were not induced by an Í- - evil and accusing oonscience. :>-. Charles Mooney was a fair type ot his ', ; countrymen, and though his now oooupation V waa easy enough in the daylight it waa very " repugnant to him at night. The men had to V ?-_ take a shift ot eight boura each in the twenty. .'- four. Whether Mooney's oo-watohers did as ii. - he did is not pertinent to tho history of the ^event, but it ls certain that Charles, tho . 1f$*rm laborer, when on night watch carried .'^firlth him a flask ot 11 poteen," and when Ir-'darknesB set in ho slunk away baek to his i' Mbin, and sallied out again when ho had ar VJ ranged to meet bis relief. In faot, Moonoy f 'did not watoh at all at night, and bia very , í venfal oflonoe was destined to meet with an p awful retribution. I | ' It happened that Moonoy had to take the j i watoh from 10 p.m. until 6 a.m., on the first week after the interment, and for three ! F nhjbtB everything passed off all right, as tho : I - watcher simply put in an appearance at ten ! V o'olook and six o'olook respectively. On the IÍ morning ot tho fourth of Oatober, 1836, he ; I .lett bis cabin, where he bad spent the night i i; instead ot at the grave, and walked over to ; i tho churohyard. It was a little Sf ter five ! ii o'olook and not yet daylight, but the twilight ; Î; .rendered objects didtinotly visible. He' : 'j. sauntered slowly up to the grave, but when he j fçgot near it ho stopped in horror, for the ; t freshly thrown up earth oloarly showed tbat ] toil 'bad been opened. Without stopping to ! I- tee if the ooffin still remained be ran madly \ T:.to the oabin of tho man wbo had to relieve ; I Lim, and the two returned to the grave -Ç: whore it was at once aeon tho "Besurreo ..¿.itioníBta " bad been at work and oanied off gibe defunot oooupant. Attornoy Hardy had Ifjnpfc-yet left Malahide, and the two men at jp'onoe proceeded to him and told what bal j ^happened. " What were you doing to allow .'£. snob a thing, Mooney. It was your watoh i^jwas it not !" tho lawyer asked, with a severe ' | ¿nd Karohing look on his faoo. Thinking : £tbat it waa best to tell the truth, especially as /- no more' watching would be neoossary. '/'Mooney informed Hardy that he was too ? frightened to remain in the ohurohyard at { night, and that from a few minutoB past 10 i p.m., until almost daylight that morning he J had been absent at bia cabin. i; The attornèy said very little, but as soon ; BB possible ho went to the boneo ot Franois jTalbot, a magistroto, living in tho plaoe, and ;had a long convocation with him about the ; outrage. A OIOBB searoh waa nt onoe made, ¿ and daring tho day tho body of Edwards : " was fonnd at tho western end of the cerno .tory, tho ooffin being covered with a few finches of earth, and lying beside tho mound ¡was a spade with the namo of "Mooney" out on tho bsndlo. Tho body had saaroely ,' been disturbed, and it eoomcd étrange that the mea who had gone to all tho troubla and [danger (for they ooiild be ehot down like -mad dogs if oangbt at the work) should have ; lott the object of thoir risky enterprise behind them without the Blightost apparent reason. .A strange and unexpected explanation WBB ¿soon given of the cause whiob induced tho .yresurrectfonists to leave their ghastly booty ïbebind them, for both Hardy and tho old -hoaseheopor swore before Magistrate Talbot that a thousand guineas had been buried in Jthe coffin with Edwards. This was ono of ¿he most solemn requests of tho cooontria old man, and about the non-fulfilment of which ' tte maledictions had been inoludod in tho kl TbVbody.-Bnatohors wore, doubtless, well acquainted with the Malahide oburobyard ¡and tba latest hurlai that had taken plaoe therein. Finding that tho gravo was not j'watohed, aa Bupposod, they had violated it, and on opening tho coffin at tho opposite Bide ¡pl the cemetery had found tho money in it, |A thousand guineas was a moat weloomë «nd unexpected haul, and rendered tho grave, lobbers independent of their usual source of trovonuo. Hastily throwing o little earth over tho ooffin, they had disappeared, loavinn < n'y tho opado behind thom. > Thia waB admitted to bo Mooney's by the man himself, and tho oiroumBtanoes > sur «?oiinrtiDg it woro very suspicions. Tho (?.how waa paid to wotoh tho > gravo on tho «..{Rt it wai opened and tbore was only hil tba Mt «M MouttMM. W-mtrwmmr9mm-: tikclf tiut VoMfjr «M M MeMMT? tôt!» outrage and had reoelf cd . sobstOBtUl fcrlM to kid it, sod the result WM thai tba unfor tunate farm laborer «as arrested on the capital charge and tried at the following assises. Although tbo roost diligent en quiries and search was made no actual proof could be found that the man had received any money, nor oould any bo found oonoealed. lt was purely a O&BO; of circumstantial evidenco, and a very strong case without doubt. Tho judgo held tbs prisoner's refusal to say who were bis companions in the outrage-on the plea that he did not know any more than the judge himself-to be sheer obstinaoy. and he told tho jury BB much. Mooney's explana tion that the spade must baye been taken from the " skillion V in whioh he plaeod it wa9 characterised as absurd, and on tba judge's adverse summing up a verdict o! guilty was returned, and a sentenoe of penal servitude for life imposed. Two months after he sailed in tho conviot ship " Great Southern " for Van Diemsn's Land to begin his terrible punishment of life transportation, and even the horrors ot the tedious voyage passed unnoticed, for the blow bad partly stupefied him, and he waa BS one in a dream. Many years afterwards (in 1851) tba trna faots of the" body-snatching" were revealed, but it was too late to vindicate tho innoocnt man, who at that data had long passed through his awful pilgrimage in the eonviol settlements. It appears that there were four men concerned in tho outrage. Two ot them were medioal students of Dublin, in ratbor poor oiroamBtanoes, but who required a " subject," and at all risks were determined to have one, and the other two were residents of Malahide. One of them-a small farmer was actually on the jury that found Mooney guilty. This person was intimate with tha convicted man, and knew from conversations with bim that he was engaged to watch EdwardB' grave, bat, from a hint that Mooney gave him after imbibing a few glasses ot whisky, he knew the man would not stick to his'post at night. The students met this struggling farmer and induced him by a fairly liberal offer to holp them in ob taining what they wanted, and he (Donegal)) got the assistanoe of a man who was in his employ to help tor a consideration. On tha night that tho outrage was committed Donegan went to Mooney's cabin to ascertain it tho owner was inside, and through a chink at the end ho saw the supposed watober sit ting at the table on which a rush light burned enjoyingthe contents ot his " poteen " bottle. Mooney had, in faot, only returned a short while from the oemotery, Iteoollcating that ho had forgotten to bring a spade Donogan senrobed round the premises of the negligent watober, and in a " skillion " found the one with the fatal word " Mooney " on it. After exhuming the body, they carried it to where it waa found, and on opening tho coffin to remove it were astonished to dis cover the guineas. A satisfactory division was soon made and tho object of the mission Boon forgotten, for the students could now easily buy a " subjeot " without running the risk of being hanged. Ia ISSI Donogan was stricken by a fatal illness,' and bc confessed tba substance of tba above narrative to tho priest who attended him. The clergyman advised him to make it publio, so that tardy justiae might be done ta Mooney. That poor wretch and viotim had sunk Into oblivion, so far as the people of Matatudo were oonoerned, and it WSB not known that he was dead. Tbs dying farmer made h¡B declaration to the Hon. Franois Talbot, who years before had taken a magis terial part in tho body-snatohing bf EdwardB, and that gentleman, el onoo brought tba matter belora the proper authorities only to be informed, months afterwards, that Oon viot Charles Mooney, prison number 24QQ, per ship Great Southern, had died st Norfolk Island'by judiaial process on tho 3rd of -No vember, 18-18." The victim had boon saar! fleed, and ths death-bod expiation ot Donegan -and such remorse iB really no expiation was Bix years too lato to benefit Mooney. Tho names ot Donogan's assooiates were never revealed, and no attempt was made to disoover them, for it would only cavo shown with a very lurid light that net only is tba law frequently " a hass," but that sometimes it is oomparablo to a very bloodthirsty animal that must have a viotim. On the 7th of July, 1837, Conviot Moonoy .arrived at Hobst t Town, and tor a month ho was placed in tho barraoks, preparatory to being sent to Port Ai thur prison ; butha was not destined to go there. His unjuBt sen tenoe had changed tho current of his life in a remarkable manner. From being a harm less, good- natured, eaBy.going fellow he had booomoa moroso aud.dangerous man ; bis good qualities had been dried up by tba fiery blast of misfortune whioh had swept over bim. Ho felt that death would be a merciful release from tbs lifo that lay in front ot him, and whioh as yet ha did not oven know the full horror ot. His advent to the Hobart Town barraokB was .not oaloolatod to remove tho gloomy and ferooious thoughts whioh filled his mind. The ofiloials at Hobart Town were mostly venal and oruel. They treated the felons muon worse than they used their dogs or tho pigs whioh they fed with the prisoner's rations. It was not in Mooney's natura to stand the brutal insolence and re fined oruelty ot his gaolers, and he had only bean in the barraoks three days when be violently assaulted an offloial, but not until ho was almost foroed to do so. It appaars that a constable named Walsh had made himself very obnoxious to the baton ol oonviots who had arrived by the Great Southern. More than once ha bad boasted that ha intended getting them a teeta ot tho lash, aa he considered they wera nut full fledged oonviots until they bad reoeived at least a " oool fifty." Although one of tho lowest subordinates, tho System allowed him a great deal of authority over tho hapless wretohes who wcro doomed to ooma within its draconian provisions. By practising a few ounning subterfuges he bad practically the power of life and death over them, for ho could goad thom on to a point ot despera tion ; when losing oontrol of themselves they would attaok their guards, and either be Bbot down or hanged subsequently. Throe days after the prisoners had been landed from the Great Southern six of them were engaged in the barraok yard, under Oonctablc Walsh, laying down etona pitahing. One of tho prisoners was a septagonarian named M&d; aooks, and tho British'govornment might woll have allowed him to die in England, tor his days were dearly numbered. Ho was ex ceedingly feeblo, while his palsied hand and emaoiatod frame made it abundantly evidont that bo waa absolutely unfit for hard work. Ho struggled hard to set the large and heavy pi toilers, but his efforts did not pro ducá muoh rosult. Walsh spoke' several times to bim in a rough and brutal mannor, urging him to work harder, and at last ho gave the trembling old man a push whioh sont bim cu his face. Moonoy was working beside Maddock?, and, impelled by indigna tion, bo told Walsh ho was a " oowardly brute," Tbs aonstablo instantly drew his dub and Btrnok tbs supposed body- suatober a violent blow with it on tho head, and tbs latter instantly sprang at tho official and furiously dashed him baokwards. Ho would probably have killed tho ruffianly constable had not asaistanoe promptly arrived ; and after boating Moonoy on the head until he was unaonsoious, tha oonatab.es, who oame to their oomrada'a reBouo. oarriod tho prisoner away, and, placing him m a eel!, obained him to.tho ttono floor to await tho pleasure of the poliao magistrale v ho would try bim and meta out what he considered adequate punishment for BO grava an offence oe as saulting a oonstable whoso parson the Sy&tom; hold to ba soared. For a week Moonoy did net appear before P.M. Marston, for bo was undor tho doctor's care, who eaid that his skull was slightly fraotured, but at tho ond ot that period ho was brought into the august présenos, Next wook the aeries ot conviot records will ' ba continued under tho title ot "Stony HeartB," This will oontinno and oonoludo tba story of Conviot Mooney's wrpokod lifo, Md will bo ot oxaeptional interest ; I 