RAG DOLLS : THEY were our secret councillors and consolers in the old days. Don't you remember how carefully we stowed them away in untidy corners, safe from nurse's eyes, ready for secret confab ? Those were the days when we had real doll-houses of our own---doll-houses that were the pride of the eye, if of not of the heart (you may since have repeated the experience on a larger, scale)--which on nursery tea days were thrown open for admiring inspection. Then it was that my Lady Porcelain, installed amidst her best drawing-room suite in the stiffest of silks and attitudes, received the cream of the porcelain coterie in ditto ditto. Even the wooden attendants had an air of starched stiffness which was eminently respectable, and the general tone of your establishment was so decorous and prosperous that it used to send nurse into a flutter of pride. Personally, you cared very little for that Sunday best drawing-room doll, who was never by any accident made of wood. Her delicate porcelain face always smiled with the same sweet simper, and being an artistic composition, not a natural product, she proved considerably less interesting than her plain wooden sisters. The little wooden doll will at least show fight. Bang her, shake her, put pins into her, and she resents it, giving distinct evidence of a mind of her own on the subject of personal insult. The Dresden china lady upstairs simpers and smashes, and you feel humiliated at having wasted your fine temper on such a helpless little fool. But that poor relation the rag doll was never admitted within the consecrated precincts. Her existence was politely ignored, the only thing to do with inconvenient relations. If you made any awkward inquiries, the lady of the house drawled behind her china smile, " Ye-es well, I have just heard of such creatures. Dreadful to think of, aren't they; but of course one never does think of them--it's hardly proper, you know. And now won't you have a cup of tea ? " The cup was of the very best china, with a pervading fragrance of superiority, and if you had some envious country cousins watching, you felt supremely proud ; but your moment of real comfort came later, when, the visitors gone, the doll's-house shut up, and your best bib and tucker off your mind, you retired to a corner to give flabby, dingy, ill-dressed Molly a hug and a conference. Molly was only a rag doll, but she was genuine ; she understood all about country cousins, hated rivals, and the woes of civilised life; she wasn't responsible exactly, but she felt real, and had an air of having likewise suffered which was eminently comforting. Poor Molly ended in that dust bin to which a rag doll naturally tends; my lady porcelain was pulverised long since, and her establishment has passed into the hands of another generation--at least, so the other generation assures me, but I am sceptical on this point; I could swear I saw her the other night, enlarged and mul- tiplied ad infinitum, smiling at me with the olden simper. If not my childhood's ac- quaintance, then it was surely her ghost on an extended scale, clothed in flesh and blood, and giving me considerable food for reflection. True, I had been reading Ibsen, and possibly the Scandinavian's ideas were haunting me still, and warping my vision as I sat there, glancing round at the dress circle in the theatre ; and yet, could I be mistaken? Was there anything beyond mere porcelain benignity in that placid simper turned indifferently on stage¡ friend, child, admirer, rival, or hus---- well, I admit that an increased air of lan- guid boredom on the approach of a husband suggested some humanity underlying the porcelain, but it was a suggestion, nothing more. No, there really could be no doubt about it ; as a result of our advanced civilisation scientists had evolved the habituée of the dress circle out of the old habituée of my doll's-house. There was the same distinguée turn of the head and tilt of the nose ; the same mechanical fashion of lifting the arm and poising the fan ; the same sweep of the skirt with a view not to comfort but effect ; the same circumscribed patch of red cheek and white forehead ; and the same absolute vacuity of expression. 'Woe is me ! Were these the life comforters, the joy givers, the trouble soothers ?-- and what were they doing in this work-a-day world ? But, to be sure, they were not work-a- day ; what nonsense! Did I ever in the old times expect to get any comfort out of my lady porcelain ? Heigh-ho ! for work- a-day Molly, with her pincushion face and her huggable flabbiness ! From the circle my glance wandered to the stage organised for my lady's amusement. Was my rag Molly there ? Good gracious ! these others were worse than my lady herself. These were the dolls warranted to go like my toy watch, the dolls that tick-tack when you wind them up, and that caused me so many heart burnings in the days when I flattened my nose against the toy shop window- pane ; not doll-house dolls at all---my wildest flights of ambition never imagined a drawing-room worthy of them. They were the shop dolls pure and simple, illus- trating in a series of tableau the intricate life of a doll from the day of her long baby dress to that of her long bridal dress, to say nothing of that dapper rarity, the male dolly. In my innocence I had always looked on these as superlative dolls calculated to strike awe into the sawdust of my own particular fine lady, but I now discovered my mistake. The wind-up dolly only receives a languid stare from the magic circle, and when she has done her little best, and a few flower petals testify to the gracious approval of my lady, a familiar whisper steals on your ear : " Know her, my dear ? certainly not. It's quite enough to know of such people. Dreadful life, isn't it? but not our business, you know ; and that sort of thing has to be, or where should we be ? " Between the paint on the stage and the paint off it, the sham behind the footlights and the sham in front, the ' dreadful ' life above and below, I, an uninitiated doll couldn't see a pin's difference. But there it was, a great and visible gulf separating them; why had these to be that those might be? " And where, oh where, was work-a- day Molly? " Faugh, look in the dust bin," said a delicate whisper in my ear, ' where else should she be ? " To be sure, where else should she be I might have known that dear old flat- nosed Moll, with her invertebrate form, tearable limbs, and general inclination to sympathy, could never be translated to dress-circle or even stage dignity ; why her very ghost would get the door slammed in its face. To be sure she might contrive to climb up as high as the gallery ; didn't I catch a glimpse of her younger sister smiling eagerly up yonder ? But in a general way Molly has a rough time of it, and drifts rapidly towards that bin where I mentally vowed I would rake her up. 1 set to work next day. Oh, I knew the whereabouts of the bin well enough, had passed it often with my own virtuous nose tip-tilted. For the Mollys of to-day are not approachable in doll conduct ; they get terribly out of repair, display their rags in a bare-faced manner, don't drape their patches artistically. Often indeed they are not patched at all. Now decent dolls, accus- tomed to clever concealment of mended cracks and stitched-up rents, are naturally shocked at such an exhibition. I had been shocked ; I had passed on the other side but that was before I hunted for child- hood's Molly. Now I was looking for her, I was longing to clutch her in my arms with the old sob of delight, and tell her how rubbishy and unreal fine lady dolls were. But when I found her, oh dear, dear, was Molly changed or was I ? She didn't look nice, poor dear, with the smell and dirt of the dust-bin about her, with her tatters and her grime and her couldn't-help- it air. I was very sorry for her ; I asked the dustman to treat her tenderly and give her a special dust heap to herself, and came away very miserable--but I didn't hug her. No, we hugged Molly in the nursery because we were genuine and unpretentious like herself, and we like things and people for the comfort we get out of them, not for their good manners. But when we drift from nursery to drawing- room days our simplicity learns its proper place. Molly is all very well so long as she is clean and nice to handle ; once bedraggled, to the dust bin with her. Just so we pitch our pretty nursegirl out of doors after we have turned her head with flattery and made her as weak and silly as ourselves. Wasn't it very good of us to allow her a momentary rapport with our porcelain cul- ture ? To the dust bin with her. Sister dolls, have you ever been to the dust bin ? It calls itself a charitable in- stitution, which is our elegant modern way of naming a dirt collection, and we take great credit to ourselves for keeping such a decent- looking bin, in which to stow away life's refuse. But does it strike you as really quite fair that we should send poor Molly there instead of ourselves ? You drawl with supercilious disgust at the notion of your ever finding your way so low ; what have you in common with that wretched Molly ? Your common dollhood -only that and nothing more. The doll- hood that has given you your inane simper, and empty head, and adoration of the out- side of the platter. That lack of resistance to external influences, which in you takes the shape of fragile, but carefully guarded, porcelain, has sent Molly, bruised and dirty, into the dust bin, where the rag and bone man will try to patch her up. In other words--You have sent her there. Come with me to that asylum and face the realities for once. Come through the endless galleries, the joyless playground where the children know not the word home, the nurseries full of motherless babes, the wards where ailing women are staring through the weary hours at the whitewashed walls. Mollies to a woman, with flabby, will-less faces and a protesting air of "I couldn't help it." You go up to one of them pityingly, and as you draw aside her coverlid your pity deepens, for her tired arms are sheltering a poor little whimpering atom which has crept into this world without permission, and is likely to have a rough time of it. " 0h dear ! " says my lady, "how shocking. Really, I am surprised at your expecting me to take an interest in such a creature. We ignore them you know--quite to dreadful." Yes, my lady, dreadful enough no doubt. But didn't I see you the other day with very low dress, sleeveless arms, and prom- inent foot, exerting yourself by the hour to win the admiring glances of a certain fascinating male doll of none the best repute ? Oh, that was nothing ; you were only having a flirt. Exactly. Guarded by social barriers and proprieties, you dare openly play with all that is lowest in your nature. When Molly, envying your little game, thinks she will have her turn, she finds no protecting guard ; and, as a con- sequence, here she is, with her poor hunted-hare expression, responsible for the little bundle of misery which will some day reproach her for its existence. Sisters mine, it is the most saddening thing in the whole world to go through these wards and courts teeming with young life on which Poverty, Disease, and Sin have set their stamp ; to see children without childhood, babies without infancy, little wretched specimens of humanity that turn you sick with their present and potential misery. There is only one thing more saddening--the thought that we are responsible for this. Yes, We. Not the law, not society, not abused man, but we who claim to be women and remain heartless puppets, burying poor little Love in an untimely grave, and setting up Mammon in his place. "Well," you say angrily, " if you are going to deify Molly's style of love, really---where's my rouge pot?" S-h. Gently, my dear. Molly knows no more about love than you do, and a look into her register will speedily convince you of the fact---a look into her face will do more. Love ! Poor soul, if she had had a true love vision she would possibly not be here, but if she were that same love would have redeemed her. If real love had ushered Molly's poor brat into life, the very ban under which she had placed it would endear it to her ; she would fight for its happiness as a lioness for her cubs, shield it from an unjust world, gaze at it with watchful tenderness; she would be no longer Molly, but Madonna. Alas! There is not much of the Madonna here. Poor baby is only an inconvenient disgrace, to be got rid of as soon as possible. Society has ostracised the child, let society and the child battle it out while the mother shifts for herself. What has she done, after all ? She only wanted a little fun in life, such fun as the porcelain dolls have. They don't come to shame. She did; and it isn't fair. Molly is quite right as she lies there glowering at us. It is not fair, and we are to blame. We, in our silks and satins, our paint and pearl-cream, our worldliness and our wilfulness, are poor Moll's ideal. And what does her ideal do ? Doesn't it flout the notion of love for dear love's sake, doesn't it make love a barter, life-union a matter of settlement, life-success a question of establishment ; don't the porcelain dolls dress themselves for market, and sell their simpers for the pretty drawing-room chairs, or carriage and pair, in which they lounge ? Poor Moll's simpers were at a discount, but, such as they were, she gave them for what they would fetch, and then dis- covered, to her cost, that simper sale in silk and simper sale in rags produce different results. And there she is, knitting her brows in that dreary ward, and conning the reason why. And remember, if you please, that, for all your contempt for her, my poor Molly is a respectable sinner ; she has not chosen or even drifted into what is known as vice. She, like you, cast a glamour over her doings, and made- believe to be love-making when she was only seeing what good things she could secure in life. But if it rests with you, poor Molly, now a passive sinner, will be an active one ere long. If you stare at her with that stony glance of superiority, and draw away your virtuous skirts, Molly will know very well what to think. She will rise from that bed, fling her poor puny baby, with all the humiliation you have showered upon her stamped on its pinched face, into the lap of society, and go forth to drift into the condition of that woman possessed of seven devils. And if some day Magdalen arises in her vengeance to wreck the peace of your ill- gotten home, to shake the barriers of your sham society \--thank yourselves ; you drove her to it. A great poet has put you and your so-called virtue into a biting line. That I dare not produce here ; but when you have come away from Molly's sick bed, take up your Shelley and meditate on one particular sentiment of his "Peter Bell the Third." Oh ye wax dolls, china dolls, wooden dolls, who are my sisters and Molly's, will ye never turn into women with human hearts and human heads ? Will ye never learn that true womanhood is too precious a possession to be bartered for clothes and chairs of comfort, nay even for that nominal badge of honour--the plain gold ring! Can ye not realise that life is not a material thing, a social striving and self-aggrandisement, but a search after that ideal which shall regenerate the race; and is this ideal to be reached by trampling dear Love under foot, while you offer his caricature to the highest bidder? Shame on you! If you but reverenced Love, Molly would reverence it too. If you lived a true life, Molly would live her true life also. It is your tinted spectacles that have perverted her vision, causing her to stumble and bruise herself in life's high- way. You may talk about social evils, men's vices, and human corruption as you will ; you, and you only, are at the root of the corruption. And the next time you stoop over your baby's cradle and see the smiling wee face, over which life has cast no shadow, remember that the future of the generation to come rests with you ; that a nation's greatness or a nation's shame depends upon your sheltering that cradle under a roof sacred to Love. If you can offer it only the comforts of your doll's home, then look to the future! Molly's children are already crowding themselves out of yonder dustbin, and the day comes when they will arise, not in their strength but in their number, and the latent power of the Rag Doll will flood the land with disease and misery. . . . But I forgot the specious argument which accounts for Molly's existence: " If there were not such dreadful creatures, where should we be?" 