BRAINS AND INCHES. (Gtiitlemnn's Magazine.) \ " Exceeding tall men have ever very empty heads,'' writes Lord Bacon. Thomas Fuller says more warily, "Often the cockloft is empty in those whom Nature has built many storeys high "-a metaphor seemingly bor- rowed from Bacon's " Nature did never put her precious jewels into a garret four storeys high." Compare Fuller's moderate " oftcu " with Bacon's sweeping "ever" aud "never," which surely suack of some personal ill-wilL Can it be that the " wisest, brightest, meanest of mankind " was dealing a side thrust at Elizabeth's tall favourite, my Lord of Lei- cester? Meanwhile there needs no ghost to tell us that both Bacon and Fuller were men of middle height. But now Balzac steps forward in cap and bells to give us the same "old dog in a new doublet^' "Tous les grands hommes ont été petits," says he, cod we defy all England to translate that phrase-it bears too many meanings. It may mean that the tallest of the taft once wore long clothes ; or that thc greatest of great men was once small enough for aeradle. Socrates was stumpy, also St. Paul, and Alexander the Great, great only as a warrior. In stature, both he and his far more intel- lectual father. Philip of Macedon, scarce reached middle height. In this regard we may rank them with the famous Spartan general Agesilaus; with Attila, the ''Scourge of God "-broad-shouldered, thickset, sinewy, short ; with Theodoric II., King of the Goths, of whom CassiodoruB writes: "He is rather short than tall, somewhat stout, with shapely limbs alike lithe and strong." Aerius, too, commander iu chief of the Roman troops, and prop of the tottering Roman Empire in the days of Valentiuian, was -e. man of low stature; therein resembling Timour the Tartar, self-described as a "puny, lame, decrepit little wight, though Lord of Asia and Terror of the World ; also the great Condá, and his pigmy contemporary Marshal Luxembourg, nicknamed "the Little" by those who admired him for making Louis the Fourteenth Louis the Great ; who, by thc by, less his high-heeled shoes and towering wig, dwindles to about five feet six. But even thus pared down to the inches Nature gave him, he was a giant compared with Sir Francis Drake and with Admiral Keppel "little Keppel" as every sailor iu the fleet fondly dubbed him from pure love and admiration, Whereby a tale, if but to break the jog-trot of this catalogue. When, then, Keppel-a commodore at twenty-four -was sent to demand an apology from the Dey of Algiers for an insult to the British flag, be took so high a tone that tho Dey exclaimed against the insolence of the British king for charging a "beardless boy" with such a message to him. Replied the beardless boy, " Were my inaBter wont to take length of beard for a test of wisdom, he'd have sent your Deyship a he- goat." Oliver Cromwell, Claverhouse, and Mehe met Ali must be content to take it out in brains, for they all lacked inches. Two of these great names naturally suggest that of another famous soldier and usurper, Napoleon Bonaparte. Lc petit Caporal, as IIÍB men lovingly called him, stood about five feet (French) in his stockings, say five feet one and three-quarters English. lu stature, the Iron Duke beat him by about six inchei, while the five feet four of Nelson place bim midway, or thereabouts, between the victor and the victim of Waterloo. Sir Chris- topher Wren - resembled the smallest of British birds not in name only. Staying with Charles IL at that monarch's Newmarket hunting- lodge, Sir Christopher heard him complain that the rooms lacked height- "Pardon me, Sire," he broke in, "to mc they seem high enough." "Ay, and to me, too, «out," replied thc Merry Monarch, crouching till his buttocks nearly touched the floor. For this king, who "never said a foolish thing, aud never did a wine one," would have made two Sir Christopher Wrens, Byron Blood five feat eight in his stockings-a liberal allowance of inches for a poet. But his friend Tom Moore redresses this dirtur banco of the average. Moore never reached five feet, save in his verses, thc first of which, by the by, he published under the pen-name, "Thomas Little." And when at length he doffed thc mask, sonic impudent wag nailed thc change with tho undeniable assertion, " Moore icon Little, and little is Moore." We trust that Mr. Swinburne, the nightingale of our nineteenth century " singing birds," will forgive us for branding him as every inch a poet, even to the fewness of his iuches. 