THE BLACK LADY OF DARMSTADT. AN HISTORICAL GHOST. -TPHE Courts of Germany and Austria; boast ol a host of legendary lady spectres who, when woe is to bofoll the princely house in question, make ? thoir ( nppearanco at the hour of midnight, before some sentinol or oflicor on duty, their appearance striking terror and dismay among tho inmates of the palace, and perhaps hastening the death of the princely sufferer. . We .have, in the first instance, the " White Lady " of the old Palace at Berlin, who was said to have made her last appear j anco on the eve of the lute Emperor Frede rick's death ; and her namesake, of the Vienna hofburg, who, believers aver, haunted the palace during several nights at the very time when the "Mining Archduke" may have perished. But a number of minor German schlosso"— not to mention the pulaccs at Prague and Buda-Peslh—also Ijoast a traditional lndy spectre, either black or white, and in one or two instances red ; a.i, for instance, the "?Nymphenburg-Praa" at the palace of Munich, the discarded mis tross of Karl Theodore, Elector of Bavaria, and murderess of her own child ; and the so-culled " Black Lady" of tho Court of Darmstadt. The " Black Lady of D.umstadt" was a lawfully born Princes?, und the wedded con aort of ji reigning Prince, being Princess Marianne, tho wife of the Grand Duke Ferdi nand Maria. She always, we ore told, appears in deep mourning, nnd is reputed to uespeak woe to tho grand ducal house of Hesse in particular, but also to the allied Royal ono of Bavaria. A young and daring officer of the grena diers once prayed the Grand Duke Ludwig I. to bo permitted to etand sentry at the Court Chapel. "If it be no true ghost," he remarked, "I will cure the individual of the desire to haunt." Tho prayer was grunted, with the request that, if the spectre refused to stand when challenged, the oilicer was to tire upon it. The Grand Duke himself and tome courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel, whence a view could be obtained of the courtyard, and tho path which the ghostly object was said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly had the last chime died away before a loud "Haiti" rang out upon the still night, followed instantly by the report of a gun. The Grand Duke and his attendants hurried from their hilling place in the courtyard, where they found the bold soldier .stiff and dead. Hβ had not. a singlo outward sign of injury, but the barrel of the gun by his side was rent from the stock, and the former twisted like a corkscrew. Singular to relate, within three days Ludwig I. himself lay a corpse in the Ducal Hall About the year 1850 Queen Therese ol Bavaria died most suddenly, and even in the highest circles mention was shudder ingly made of the spectre that made its appearance just before her death. King Ludwig, her consort, was upending the summer in the company of Queen Therese, at his cnstle of Archaffen berg, whither also their Majesties' son-in law, Grand Duke Ludwig 111., of Heeoe- Darmstadt, had been invited, when one evening at dusk, just as the princely company were taking tea in tho gayest ol spirits:, there suddenly appeared—so those present aver—behind tho chair of the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, having fixed her glassy eyes upon her majesty, retired through the nnte-chamber. TheGrandDuke immediately hastened after the mysterious visitor, and in an ungry voice demanded lof the officer on duty by the door how he dared to permit strangers to enter unannounced and at that hour. The latter declared that no living human being had entered, either the nnte-chamber or the royal saloon. Horror stricken, the Duke returned to the company, when ho was com pelled, much against his wish, to relate the 'story. Having heard it, Queen Therese rose hastily from the chair and exclaimed, " That is intended for mc 1 " The royal party returned shortly after to the capital, where the cholera had raged during th? summer, but hurl then disappeared. In a few days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. Again, in tho early days of March, 1804> She " Black Lady " figured in a mysterious occurrence at the palace of Darmstadt, which, through subsequent events, created nn immense sensation in Germany. The Life Guards officer on duty had, at the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection of the sentries, when suddenly, in one of the corridors, ho beheld a lady dressed in black cominpfrom the apartment* occupied by Countess Fnger, v lady of the court. He saw her distinctly go past the grand staircase, at night the only exit to the chapel courtyard. Believing that she was making a mistake, tho officercalledtoherthat she could only get out that way to reach her carriage. But without paying the slightest heed the lady continued her way toward the chapel stairs. Quickly the oilicer hastened after her, but she disappeared in the gloom. Then, in the belief that it might be someone I with felonious intent, he shouted to the ncntry on guard ut the bottom of the stairs, " Arrest her '."—himself descendingquickly. But there was nobody, and the man emphatically declared that no one had ' passed him. Two days lutcr the nevrc spread like wildfire throughout Germany that King Maximilian 11. of Bavaria had suddenly been tuken dangerously ill. He had returned in excellent health from hii usual ridi;, and was just dressing for dinner when he was seized with cramp. And in a few hours he was dead. 