dreamers and dreams. WIERD FANCIES OR WHAT ? FACES OF AN AWFUL FAMILY. Tho article In tbo August number of tbo ' Conlomporary " which will oxcito tnoit intereat la on« by Mr F. Grcouwood on 44 Imagination and Drosms." Mr Green- wood does uor attempt to theorise In any way about his Hubjuct, but nposks of what he knows fiom his own experience:— DIIKAM FACK9. Boforo cntoring upon tho subject of aotual dreams, Mr Croeuwood, lingers for a short timu over what ho cslls dream-faces It may bo serviceable to remark (wo rend) that visions of this kind faomo- timcs present thorn scIvch ,1o us in the dark when wo , aro awake, < perfectly Runo, unawnro of any sort of physical dis turbance, und without uny effort of imagina tion Xboy are dream-stuff, so to speak, nnd tho preenrsers of tho dreams that till our minds when quite asleep. \- Quoting from Mr F. Galtoo, Mr Green wood eayfl : — In this way a lady used to SCO shower of red roHcn, which turned into a (light of golden speckled or Hpiinglos 5 and not only wore thu roses proRentcd to hor vision as distinctly uh real flowers in broad daylight might bo, but ehc could eracU tho perfume. - "A FACR, ASP jtoruiMJ MORR." Ho then goes ou lo nay : — Thsro is nothing like tlmt in myoxpcricnco, except that at infrequent limes of fatiguo I Hharo IhoseiiP&lions; of Lhoso who nru said to bnvo diccovored a rose-sccnt Mowing from ami nboul them. An ovnnesccnt but very diitiuct violet-scout flushes from iny hands, or so 1 fanoy. But M. Mnnry ami Mr Culton relate stories of faces stoa hi tlio dnrk hi liko mannor; faeos scemiogly elandiug off upon the ulr, nnd coming and goiug uh if with a will nnd purposo of their iV i. hi. Maury'fl experience Hoeins to have (U ferod from raluo in this partlculur. In his cv#-) thoeo plmutoms always roprosontod per cam known tu him. In mino it Iihh novorbeen ix» on it sinplo occasion ; and tho dilferonoo Is a noticeable ono. As I look at those faces u-ihiug myself who wns ever liko that or that, 1 find do answer oxcopt in a fancied roscra- bianco to somo hiHtorical ) or mythological peraonngo. Thoy htriku tho vlow as enUroly strango and surpriHhigly "original." Pos sibly, BUko's visions woro somo such fnccfl an theso, presented to his ojus In broud day light ; 1 am inollnod to tbiuk no, becauso his wondorfnl, dreadful 'drawing, "The Ghost oi a Flea," iHpvcoisoly such a transcript aB I oould havo mado by tlio score had I possessed bis piotorinl skill. Under my own oyolldH I havo Boon MANY A FACR OF TITK BAMK AWFUI, 'l'AMILY J somo cveutnorc dreadful still, bring ull astir with animation. But tbo greater number of them aro not of tho too terrible kind. After thu fact that nothing foreknown or fami liar ovor appears amongst tliom, tho noxt most, romorkahlo thing about ihoro visions la that they oftou look liko tlio flcet- iug embodiment of sotoo passion- .or mood of ibo miud; usually not tbo hellormost. >Somo faces oxprosslvo of a groat nobility and serenity uppcar, but 1 havo novor sccti amongst them tho mask of pity or lovo, or any soft emotion. Grief tho most dccp&iring;, i-born, cunning, prldo, hato, inquiry, envious or triumphant mookory— no human face that ovor was- sceo, 1 feol suro, displayed theso omotions with a comparnbto fitue&s; and intouuity. It is not tho oharaotcristio of all hut it is of somo to an almo.#t appaltiug ex tent ; aud R Blako did sco those faces, eithor in daylight' or in darknos9, ho had more than liiu imagination to draw upon' when bo doplntod the Puwioiis. TUB OTItKR «UH Ol J BATH." Porbapstlio most lutorcstiug part of tbls intoroHting article Is that iu which Mr Green wood duals with dreams connected with tho supernatural, und the mytstorica of tho world boyundtho gravu. "Wo havo only spuco to quota tbo following oxainplo Ah rui illustration of: this inoro romarlt&blo; kind of dreaming I may rolutu' uno of a sorbs of droains which foliowod oacb othor ut intervals of n yoar precisely— a your und u day. A long tiino ago a gentleman, who may bo called A, lort a ohild by death. . lio had been very fond mid proud of tho boy, who wuh seven or eight yours, of ngoj I tbiuk, when ho diod. - Indeed, botween' tlio two tburo had always been u strong sym pathy, und when tho child wus taken tho fnthcr wan plunged into tlio decpost grief. Liko runny another ouo in the saino Mituatiom bis thoughts by day und night woro tortured bv tho question, 44 But yet, is ho still iu ox- istonco? Ih thoro u plaun in this vit&tuiiivorso; whnro I may tliink of bim us living, no matter how infinite Ibo dlstnooo, or ovon if wo aro purled not only now but for over nnd Muuy poor souls havo been tossed about ia tho samo yearning 'speculations, day aflor dav, month after month, with na diniiuution of duiiht aud pain. A. was ouo of thuso un fortunates. To this groat trouble wus added another, which took tho shupo of a deep and surprising disappointment. . At first ouo of the poor inau's vory fow comforts had been that THK 1IOY WOUI.J) HAUNT HIS DltKAMS, and that tliey would bo togctbor 'many u timo that way. But it ih uot invariably truo that what yon think of most you droum of most; and for all bis hoping and praying tho futhor nover onco dreamt of his son. That is to eny, he nover had any suoli dream for a whole your, oy whioh time, I daro any, the praying had boon given up and ibo bopo exhausted. But then, on tho morn ing of tho child's death, and at (be vory hour in whloh ho died, thu father woko from a wonderful dream, so intimately and touob- ingly rcBpoueivo to tbo whole yoar's griuf that it cannot ho thrown into tho glaro of print. It ia only mentioned— together with tho faot that after another twelve months- of blaclc and empty uighta another droum of tbo same charsotar occurred ut tbo isamo hour— iu order to givo Ita own sotting to tho third droum. 44and 0nck again it came." Tbo morniug had again como round. A dreamed that he bad awakonod about dawn, and, thinking of nothing but the hour to riso, had drawn his watch from under his pillow. In doing "o ho saw that it had buuii ' oumplotoly shattered. But how could it havo lioun broken ao violently, lying whero it hiid bcons nugly placed a few hours Ixt/oro P A roiiHouablo but nn injurious ounjeuture do- curcdto bim; at eoinu tirao lu tho night ibo watch hud been taken from buueath tho pillow by his wifo, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that thoro could bo no other oxplanation, ho was about to drop nricop again to got rid of ill-humor at the accident (this ia all in tbo droatn, bo it under stood), when tho dooropenod and in came a forumnu of works to whom A. gavo instruc tions every day, and between whom and hirn- boU there was a groat liking. It seemed as if tho man had come for tho usual draft of work tcr bo done, and it did not strike As a anything out of tho way that ho shonld bo visited in bis bedroom for U. Bnt ho was struck by Tin; I.OOK OF MYSTERIOUS INQUIRY ON THE man's face, Tbo noxt momont ho connected this look with tho broken watch, and drew It out again: the glusfl gouo, tho hauls awopt from tho dUl, but eeoming less liko his own watah now. "What was the moaning nf it ? While A , was unking himself this question in a sort of ex pectant trepidation, tho foreman of works said, "Put it to your car, sir." This A. did; and, asholistenedtotho ovon beat within the other said, " S« wo know bow muoh you nro troubled, w4! ' la in our way of sbojrlpg you .' hat,thoug\ ligaof life iy' ;d, ) ! lifejmay still bo going on." Whereupon A. woke 44 alt of a tremble," heard the tranquil tick-ticking of bis watch under tho pillow, and, when he could composo himself to tako it forth, saw that tho bands stood at within fivu or eight minutes of the litno when his boy died on tho samo day in tho calendar. TIIR USE OF D71RAM9. But while, ou tho whole, dreams do not further tho practical progress of the world Mr Greenwood thiuks that they may servo sumo practical purposo. Nearly all dreamers can bo brought into ooo theory— namely, that since in dreams s wo pes# through a great Variety of experiences, none of which aro over likely to befall us to real life, wo are put to tests of character which we -hould oover endure otherwise : and, there fore, that we onght to come to bettor acquaintance with ourjolvea. Thus if I have uorerbeen placed in a situation of extromo dangor, as by attack of murder thieves, or in a burning bouse (together with othois moro liolplonfl, perhaps), how am i to know what tny feelings otid conduct would really bo under such circumstances? Think of himself what ho may, no candid man can give a confident answer to that ques tion. It is n common expcrieuio to discover inono'ssolf a surprising coolness andrcsourco. or u totally unsuspected and crushing cowardioc, under n sudden Hcvoro tost. To somo such tost, it has been nurinuod, wo aro frequently exposed iu droama ; passing through emotions strong enough to affect our physical ecn-cs no less than if tho danger wore real— as broken knuckles and quaking limbs testify wbcu we awake — nud therefore all thu more to bo trusted as like to tboho which wo should actually experfcuoo if tho dream woro reality. 