THE RIGHT SORT , A ROMANCE OF . THE SHIRES. ... B \ " Y'/Msa. EDWARD KEXSifett; ' . -CHAPTER XIII. — Disccbsino TUB LADIES' ' ' 'Steeplechase. - Ici the merm.time- dinner Was announced, giving her an" opportunity of collecting her wita, for Colon ei Clinker offered his arm to the hosits?, Mr. 11." G rath came forward to claim Kate;, while Mary Whitbrea'l fell to the portion of tbe'fascihating Captain Fuller, who, how ever/ having lost a considerable sum at his club in "town on Saturday night — or miner Sunday morning— happened to bs in a less sprightly/ anil rtibro tacitur h mood than usual. After, a little preliminary - bustle; they seated themselves at table,- when Kate found the enemy had taken up a Strong position on the right, while Mr. M'Grathlsupported the left division; You're looking a. little pale this -evening, ' Mrs. Forrester, "said lie. " Nothing too nutter,- i hone?' You're not feeling seedy- i"' . " A liver attack;" she replied with a cus tomary bluntcess. "Not very serious, only requires plpntyof fresh air and exercise. : One . gate fat and lazy, in tho summer. . y-the-bye,', Miss Brew-srif/ that was a nice useful -looking nag you ' were ' riding to-day; Not so showy, perhaps, as the chestnut, hut with capital good points, and loots like n- wear-and-tear sort pf easts taor." : " You've described him' to a nicety," said Kate in reply. " The Duckling is a stout, honest little beast," never sick or Borry,hut until he gets excited inclined to take life " almost too easily. He lacks the chestnut's dash." , , . ' Have you' ever ridden liim With a Spur?" "No. I can't say that I have. To tell the ' troth, I feel somewhat' afraid of applying it indiscriminately. " " Oh no you wouldn't. You' take my advice, and ride him with one, if only fora time or two. The least touch is often sufficient to rouse, a sluggish horse. They are apt to' get cunning when riddeu by ladies, and au occasional reminder does them all the good in the world. . I knew many people object to a one- sided spur, " and fay it's worse than useless, but my ex perience is exactly the reverse. I consider it :a most valuable auxiliary, especially with ' a certain class of animal." "Faith! and a, better authority does not exist in tee Whole of Great'Britaiu,'' interposed Mr. if "tlrath, looking' 'round the table With an expression of conviction Which seemed""to say, "There! 1 defy anyone to contradict that statement!" : " Now, Terry, keep your national blarney for, those who' appreciate it," returned the old lady vivaciously, " and don't waste your soft sawaur- >-pon me. I'm too ancient for that sort of thing, and past the market." "Begad! bat it's rale unkind that ye are, Mrs. Forrester,- mavourneen," exclaimed Mr. j M'Grath, adopting the very strongest brogue. " And a clever faymale like yerself .can always command a market." "Thank you, "my good friend; you are exceedingly nattering, and were I a young girl my neaa would. dc quite turned with such a complimentary speech." - "' khure, Mrs. Forrester, and if ye were but a wee hit spalpeen, it would be for trying to persuade yo to, become Mrs. Terence M;Grath chat'I should aspire." ' Then it's lucky for you that I am 'not, and you ere deterred from committing so crowning au act of folly, ".-retorted the old lady amidst a general roar of -laughter. "Your heart's too big for your body; Terry, and as for your common sense, it is nowhere, so let us change the subject. Jack/' turning to Colonel Clinker, " I've got something to teU you, something I was particularly requested by a fair admirer to consult you about. Ale you all attention V" "Ami not always so when addressed by Mrs. Forrester"' returned - he gallantly. "Who is the lady, and why does she seek advice from so incompetent a person ?" "A great friend of yours, Lady Anne Birkett, and she is mad about getting up a ladie9' steeplechase. You remember there was some talk of doing so last winter, only the project fell to the ground" for" Want of proper backing. Biit this year it appears the old Earl has taken up the affair con a inure. and has signified his intention of allowing the race to he run over his land, provided some competent person — yourself for instance— will undertake to choose a suitable course, and see that the fences are not too large and dangerous. It won't do, he says, . forithe ladies to come to grief, neither will he allow the thing to be made public in any way, but if a few of us choose to get it up amongst ourselves, and can ensure some four or five fitariers, he will present a handsome silver cup to the winner. Now Lady Anne, when she heard- you were coming here to-night, par ticularly asked'me to seek your opinion on this memento us question, and engage, if possible, your active co-operation. In fact, she wants you to become the moving spirit, and take the whole thing in haad from first to last." "Very kind of Lady Anne, I'm sure. But who and what is the field to consist of ? Have you any notion ?" " Why, there's Lady Anne herself. She's as keen as mustard about it, not that she will possess the ghost of a chance of winning, unless 1 the Earl puts his hand in his pocket and gives her a decent mount. Miss PaUiser, too, is always game for anything in the riding way. Her ambitions spirit would simply revel in the excitement of a race. X lay any inonov that she jumps at the idea." " I wish the old scarecrow would jump off the hooks. Nasty spiteful creature i I hate the very sight of her out hunting! Well- co oh. who else?" "Then there are Mrs. Paget and Mrs.Phipps; perhaps one or two others; and lastly, with' a little persuasion— myself. " "Yourself? Capital! That puts a different complexion on the matter altogether. Why, every man m Foxineton would turn out to see the celebrated Mrs. Forrester come galloping in between the flags 'on a winning mount. We hall have another feather added to your cap yet." " Or another censorious dart placed in the hands of my enemies," said Mrs. Forrester, whose eyes failed to be completelv blinded by the honour and glory of this" redoubtable prospect. " I shall be called an old foolformy pains, and not without some show of reason, . ® mo use oi going gallivanting over ia country at my time of life ? However, Lady Anne left mo no peace until I half promised her ' X would make one of the number." " And quite right too ; the race would seem bat a very half-hearted nffni-r without your support." ; "OH, nonsense, Jack; things would go on exactly the same. Only ' I help to swell the rank of Iunatic3, and the more the merrier, Perhaps Miss Browser may be induced to take part in the proceedings. What say-you?" appealing to Kste. " Will you throw iu your lot with our daring band of horsewomen ?" ' " There's nothing in the world I should like better," answered she, witn glistening eyes. She had already pictured to herself the glorious sensation of piloting King Olaf post the winning; post, and had listened breathlessly to everything that had passed between Mrs. Forrester arid Colonel Clinker. "But," she added rather lamely, catching an expression of stem dis approval on Mary Wiutbread's face, opposite; " butA-but r " "Well, what?" interrupted Jack Clinker. " Don't ha afraid to mention any scruples yon may entertain. Perhaps," and Kate fancied she could detect the least possible sneer, "the5 project appears too dangerous, and if so, my! sympathies are on your side altogether." " Your sympathies are entirely misplaced,": said Bhe tartly, feeling deeply wounded by : any: implication on her courage., ""Iam not guile so ; timid as yon seem to imagine, and was not- deterred by the possible danger ; only," nather-V ing confidence, "should not we be apt to scandalise the good people of the neighbour- iiood, and make ourselves somewhat con- spicuous?" "You are right, Miss Brewser, and display sound wisdom in being afraid of their comments. - doubt you will gain a vary bad name.". I He was laughing at her, and she could not endure chaff from him, of all people in the world, when up to this moment he had 'more or less ignored her existence, and studiously ad dressed all his conversation to Mrs. Forrester. : " I do wish you woijld not employ that word 'afraid,' " she said irritably. "I defeat it; and once for all let me tell you I'm not afraid ofanything, certainly not of a few ill-natured remarks from people who are perfect strangers, tome. So please banish the idea from your, mtnd." " The beauty of it is," said Mrs. Forrester intervening, 4 4 people can't talk, for nobody is to know anything about the race outside our own immediate circle, aad snoboishism reigns so supreme that when folks hear the Earl of H tin tin gall ire has been the chief patron ard supporter of it, scarcely a dissentient voice will be raised. In order to maintain as -' much privacy as possible, he proposes that even the place of meeting should he kept a profound secret, and only divulged some four-and- twenty hours before toe race. However, my dear," turning blandly towards Kate, " we wish everybody to please themselves, and if you have the least hesitation about riding do not scruple to say so." "Hear, hear!" chimed Honblc. Jack ap provingly ; them's ray sentiments, and' if I were you, Miss Brewser, I should decline," "But you are not me," she retorted in an undertone, " and all I decline is the advice so \- gratuitously offered. Perhaps yon will allow me to judge for myself, and," looking round ' witfc an air of dofiaucc and speaking alond, "my mind is made up. I iateikl to compete, -since Mrs, Forrester has been good enough to ask ine to do so." « That's right, my dear !" exclaimed the lady approvingly. "I told Lady Anne I felt almost sure yon would join our party; besides, it would be a shame not to give that beautiful ' -cheenrit au opportunity of showing us all his ; beds. . He ought to have an uncommonly good chance ef winning. Can he stay?" ! "Yea; I think sej" answered Kate more plaoieUj j " Have you heard what the distance is to be?" asked Colonel Clinker. "So much de pends upon that, especially with untrained corses, generally as fat as so many bullocxs. I should say a two to a two and a-half miles course would be amply sufficient. A longer one will only give rise to a variety of mishaps. I lay ten to one La Palliser comes in as blown as a Liverpool chaser." . "Well, all such details will probably bB left toyou to decide," said Mrs. Forrester. " Lady Anne wants you to go over the first day yon can in order to settle preliminaries. Yon j know the big grass-fields, within half a mile, of the Castle? There was some talk of making one of them the starting-point. But you will settle all that, since everything is to be placed in. your hands. "An exceedingly invidious houour, pretty sure to call down on my devoted head no end of abuse. I never knew the man yet who undertook to mark out a steeplechase course that did not como in for almost universal con demnation. The riders consider the obstacles too large, the public think them too small ; the one finds fault with the distance, the other complains of its brevity ; and so they go on. It's i oi possible to satisfy everybody, even under the most favourable conditions; but when it comes to pleasing half-a-dozen ladies, and providing both for their safety and amuse ment, I confess to shrinking from Buch a difficult and delicate undertaking. It already weighs upon my mind like an ' inenbus.' Im agine the tremendous responsibility of selecting the fences, when I think at each particular one that some frail-limbed woman may come to grief over it. I don't fancy the job in the least, and nothing but my friendship for Lady Aune would induce me to countenance it for one minute. However, since you ladies ap pear resolved, put me out of suspense at once bv telling me when the celebrated female: Foxington steeplechase ie likely to come oil'?" . " l won't have you speak of our purpose in. that disparaging manner," said Mrs. Forrester reprovingly. " And I back the ladies to acquit themselves quite as creditably as if they wero men. Now, Jack, don't be. disagreeable, for if you begin by giving yourself- airs : and- turning up your nose in disdain the whole thing will collapse, and Lady Anne be terribly dis appointed." "I should be sorry to disappoint her ladyship. She's a real good sort, auu 1 certainly would go out of iny way to render her any .little service that happened to be iu my power. . Has she fixed the time ?" " Oh dear no ! In fact the idea has only just been broached. But I fancy she wants the race to come off pretty soon, probably about t.he beginning of December, but any way before Parliament. Their planB after Chris tmai are generally rather unsettled." - "The homes will have to' be trained, of course," remarked Colonel Clinker, speaking with professional.authority. - " That- is a sine qui uon. I suppose'you are prepared to put the chestnut into regular work, Miss Brewser?" "Really," said she, "I nave hardly thought I of it yet. Won't that mean losing his services in toe hunting field altogether? And just at present I am too short of horses to be able to dispense with my best one." 'Short, are you?" interrupted Mrs. Forrester, who seldom allowed tfie chance of doing a nine uusmess xo go oy unuioiesreu. "Are you on the look out for another? Be cause if so, I wish to dispose of an animal that would suit you down to the ground and carry you just like a bird. He's a bay, rising seven, auda first-rate fencer, as the Colonel there will tell you. As a rule I dislike selling to friends, but the Pear is a bona fie article, that I am only parting with owing to several younger homes coming on. He's a made hunter, and cheap at a hundred and twenty guineas, the price I'm asking for him." It flashed through Kate's mind that if the Peer were really so good as represented, it seemed hardly worth Mrs. Forrester's while to sell him at the very commencement of the season, but she was not aware that his original price wis twenty-five guineas, and that for a profit of a hundred pounds toe lady would have parted with every animal in her stable. "You are very kind," she answered diplo matically, thinking it well not to appear too keen. " I may probably have to purchase an extra horse or two later on, hut just now I am in no particular hurry for a few weeks." " May I be allowed to offer another piece of advice, in spite of the severe snubbing you took occasion to administer a short time ago," whispered Colonel Clinker a second or two later, when their hostess's attention was en gaged in another quarter. " Certainly," said Kate, feeling rather con scious of the rebuke, but still somewhat sur prised at the request. " What is it r" " Don't you let yourself be persuaded to buy any of Mrs. Forrester's horses, that's all. She's a dear old soul, and I'm awfully fond of her, hut I should be sorry to see one of her so- called 'made hunters' palmed off upon you. Do you understand, or have I once more com mitted an offence ?" "Not at all, but please explain what is your meaning?" " Why, you see Mrs, Forrester is both able and clever. She rides awful brutes, and -manages to get rid of them to advantage some; how. But they are not suited to other ladies, and .therefore X should .he sorry to see you buy one. Purchase a horse with Mrs. Forrester if you like — there is no better judge in England, - wheu the cheque comes out of somebody else's book — but not of her. The risk, nine timesout of ten, is too great." "She must be. a wonderful rider!" said Kate. " That's exactly what she is, but I should grieve to see a young lady of your tender years imposed upon, and I know toe Peer would hot suit vou." ... , "Fm not so young as all that. I was twenty-two last birthday," said Kate; impelled to make the : statement by a species of brusque honesty, characteristic of her disposition. " A mere child," said he looking at her and thinking how much too young she was to face the world alone." -He noticed also'how bright and large her eyes were, and how perfect the pose1 of toe small head. "You aire not angry with me for what I have' said ?" he asked, feeling as if he should like to he good friends with her in the future. I have not annoyed you this time, have I ?" SHe hesitated for a second and then said — "No." " I know how independent you are," he con tinued apologetically/ " and half feared you mignt resent my interxerence." " People 'ought to be independent, and able to shift for themselves in this world," " I entirely agree, so far as our sex is con cerned; but in yours it becomes a question whether independence may not be carried to too great: an extent— whether it is not apt to' give women a certain brasquensas and hard ness, scarcely in harmony with their character,: at least from a manly point of view ?" The sentence was uttered without any particular in tention, but curiously enough Kate chose to put a /personal construction upon it, and the spirit of opposition once more grew rife within her. . ' " Oh !" she said flippantly, " I suppose you aTe like most other men, and mr» only for "the pretty blue-eyed, flaxen-haired,'- doll; type, which look up to you "and worship yoii like demi-gods. 33 rains don't": signify ; the fewer ? the better, for then dolly is les3 likely to see; flaws in her idol, or . to detect that what she takes for pure metal is nothing but a'base alloy. These-' clinging, litchen-like creatures appeal to a man's vanity if not to his nobler instincts, and in return they, are rewarded by a, luke warm, - half-contemptuous affection. The natural position of things is reversed, and e'esl I'honune qui se laisse aime, vas la fcinme ! - It' saves a great deal of trouble, and the limpets make excellent and obedient wives. They at any rate'are not too independent." " You are sweeping in your condemnations. Miss"1 BrewBer. Luckily for me, however, I have escaped the wiles of these beautiful, but inane' playthings of whom you speak. Matri mony is an expensive luxury, rather super fluous than otherwise in my estimation, especially nowadays, when young ladies expend a moderate fortune on tbeir clothes, and the dressmaker's bill would nearly cover the ex penses of . a season's hunting. A man' 'must either be very bold; very rich, or ' very, very foolish to undertake toe modern girl of the period." . , ' ' ff Girl of toeperiod. indeed ! What an odious expression!- J ust as if there were not hundreds andhundreds of nice, quiet, sensible girls about, if only the men had sense enough to appreciate them ! Instead of which, because tlieir frocks happen to be a little; behind the fashion, or their hoots country, made, and their gloves a size or two too big, they call them frumps, guys, gawkies, dowdies, every name under toe 'sun. Why should we all be judged by our 'outer garments to such a ridiculous extent as to veil our eyes to inward merit ? Answer me that question if you can.? " But I can't, < It's much too abstruse for' my feeble comprehension." " W'ell,- then, do you believe in the law of demand and supply ? Are you by any chance a political economist ?" " Apolitical economist indeed ! Why, my dear Miea Brewser, lam not even a domestic one, and find it impossible to practise that virtue at home. A poor devil likeraysclf, head over ears in debt, has quite enough, and more than enough, to do in minding his own affairs, without bothering about those of tho nation." "Ah! you don't understand me. What I meant was simply this. You men as a body complain of the girls. You say they are fast, frivolous, and extravagant. Well, I ask in their defence, who make the girls so if not tbe men themselves ? They create a demand for a certain. style of woman, and that demand is promptly supplied in order to gratify their tastes. If there was no demand, there would be no supply. It is merely a fundamental law of nature — that's all. In support of my theory, enter any ball-room almost that you like, and yon will see rows upon rows of quiet, good girls sitting partnerless by their cbaperones, while the loud, noisy, fast ones have nearly every man in the place dangling after them. True, toe lords of creation may return to their homes, and after devoting themselves all tbe evening to Mm. A. or Miss B., declare they thank heaven theirsister, wife, daughter, as the case may he, does not resemble toe divinity, but with what result? Why their belongings, who probably have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, and after a bit begin to make comparisons. That stage oase reached, theend soon ap proaches. They find Quit if they paint their cheeks, dress - showily, talk immodestly, and. altogether are ' bad form',' they, too, become a centre of attraction, aud need no. longer sit in retired corners alone,. ' chewing the bitter cud' of desertion and isolation. They become different beings, but you men alone are to blame for their degeneration, though in tbe words of that arch-sneak Adam, when the mischief is dona you turn round aud say, ' It's not me, it's the woman.' " She had forgotten where she was, and who she was speaking to, being carried away by toe bitter earnestness of her subject. Unlike many girls of her age, she had seen a great deal of the world, and that under such peculiar circumstances a3 to render her unusually clear sighted. Her cheeks now were flushed, and her whole face sparkling with animation, and Colonel Clinker, looking at her in astonish ment., could not restrain his admiration. He dearly loved a highly- mettled steed, and Kate in this glowing mood reminded him of some gallant and' spirited young creature. He had never met any ono like her before, so clever, so original, and yet so honest and simple. She impressed bim by her strength of character as well as by Iier good looks. And he himself possessed a strain of candour which forced him, unaccustomed as he was to hearing the shortcomings of his class thus roundly taken to task by so young a girl, to acknowledge in great measure the truth of what she said. It began dimly to dawn upon hid mind that it was JUSL JKIiSblUltJ IUU WOilU liugue WUWSUI better things even than lioise- raciug and horse- riding, and that a dear little womau at his own fireside might possibly exercise a more salutary influence over him than did the lire of restless excitement he was in the habit :' leading— a life of wasted- ability and unprofitable plea sures, whose only results consisted in embar- TaSsing his father's old age, and squandering the patrimony he otherwise might h'ave in herited. The tmild, this outspoken girl, with lier honest' voice, , fearless eyes, and daring opinions, clad in her simple white gown, had appealed most strangely to his better nature, raising in him suddenly a vague unsatisfied longing after "nobler things. Such sensations seemed too unreal to be encouraged — only a passing we'ituuos— to be crushed in its infancy, glance of an;eye,the turn of a head, will often give rise to. With a forced laugh and a sigh he roused himself from his meditations. " You are a. hard hitter," Miss Brewser, he answered, " and I scarcely know Cow to de fend ray sex against so "forcible an attack. You speak, however, as if your own ex perience had been unfortunate. At twenty- two one's views on mankind and oue's knowledge of its deficiencies are - not generally- so matured." K ite coloured up to the very roots of her hair. j . !i Yes," she said, after a pause,, while her voice quivered slightly, " you are right, jl h" re been unfortunate in my experience, but please do notlet us talfciibont it." j " Here, Terry '" cried! Colonel Clinker to bis friend, with ready tact, seeing ithe conver- giiuun eviueuuy ut-q'tu iu uuhcbs Jier, come to the rescue, and help me to defend myself ' against this young lady's shafts of sarcasm.: We men as a body have . been catching at terribly hot all roaud. Can't you shy some-' thing neat ,on our behalf F T never came out . head of the class in argument, but you're :a- real tiptopper at it." . 4- 1 should not dream of contradicting ;a lady," said Mr. M'Grath politely, in answer (o this appeal. "Bless their dear hearts! jl. love them all !" Which amorous sentiment, delivered at the top of his voice, with a hearty expansion of lung, forthwith created so much amusement that the conversation once more became general, uutU: Mrs. Forrester made a sign for the ladies to retire by nodding her head at the end of the table, and thereby causing her cap to lose its -equilibrium and to roll sideways on to toe ffoor. "Now you young men," said she impres sively, as she dived under the mahogany in search of the missing article, and suddenly came in contact with Mr. .M'Grath, bent on a similar errand, " you're to make haste, and not sit drinking and smoking alt toe rest of the evening. We want you to amuse us. and not yourselves, for once in a way, and if everybody is agreeable we can play a round game of cards by-arid-bye." The gentlemen, thus admonished, made toe mOBt solemn promises not even to allow the charms of tobacco, wine, and anecdote to detain them, which promises they, for a wonder, kept nobly, appearing in about a quarter of an hour. Meanwhile Mrs. Forrester had not been ' idle. With the assistance of the two girls she cleared the centre table of its books and covering, and placed four shaded candles in their stead, ready for a start. -In thorough harmony with the sporting side , of her character, the old lady dearly loved a quiet "gamble," and so long as it did not go beyond- a -certain limit, it afforded her the heartiest satisfaction to win small amounts from her friends, though that satisfac tion was a trifle les3 apparent when she herself was called upon to disburse. ' Can you and Miss Whithread play nap or pokerF" she inquired of toe two girls, "They are our great games, though I set my' face against any thing higher than threepenny points/ Still, - these are exciting enough." "I don't think Mary -knows either game,", said Kate/ answering for both. "As Tor myself, IJ have played a few times only, just sufficient to master the first very elementary rules, arid to appreciate tbe value of a flush or "full hand." . . '/Ah, I see you are au fuil, and any littlev mistake you commit some ot the "gentlemen will easily correct. Mr. Grahame," addressing that -individual, who was shyly warming the small of his back before the tire and caressing! an in visible flaxen moustache with" great solicitude, "you'll bank with , Miss". Wnitoread, ; won't you?" 1 The Chirper' thus appealed to started vio lently, turned crimson" with. corifosiou, but expressed his extreme willingness to assent to the proposal. He had sat by Mary Whitbread's side during dinner, . and, . had : "been : fairly astonished at his own garrulity. For once he had come across -a girl who- did not alarm or set hey cap at - him, hut who listened r with becoming attention to his every 'utterance, and who attended to the' naffative of his personal altairs with an interest as genuine as it was charming. The young-people had no objection whatever- fo being-paired off- at- cards; and began " counting their -counters- with amicable gravity. Not go Kate,. who when asked; by Mrs. Forrester if she would-cbndescend to play with Colonel Clinker/ said iu the- most marked manner— : "Thaukyou, Mrs._ Forrester,- I prefer my independence and dialilra all partnerships, pre- ferring to stand or fall alone.'.'. . :"Miss Browser is quite right," said he ironi cally, "alliances are always . to be avoided, - esiiecially between people so dissimilar in cha-. racter as ourselves. We ahonid fight like cat and dog 'over some' miserable rubbishy1 hand. We two are better apart." , There was no getting -over him. Every remark she made he promptly capped; and hitherto she had been decidedly worsted in separate encounter. "Yes, far better_ apart," she said with a toss of the head. " It: is fortunate that for once we agree." " Most fortunate,'' ho echoed, but inwardly he exclaimed, " deuce take the girl ! What toe devil does she mean with- her partnership? Does she suppose I want to force myself ; 'upon her, or is it nothing but her.-infernal conceit?" . And Kate, on her side, thought, " I never met anyone so horribly sarcastic in all, 'my life. I don't lice him one bit, and yet he can be! nice enough when he chooses. However, since he evidently wishes for war— war let it be to the knife." So toe two antagonists sat and glowered at each other across the green baize cloth, and played on all sorts of foolish hands, just for the sake pf opposition. Butwhentoegamecameto an end, and' they counted up' their losses, the gain to neither party had been great. "I think we'd better consent to bury the hatchet riext time we play poker together,' said Colonel Clinker. " We should have been clean- broke had we gone on at this rate, and had it not been for the limit." , The girls had declared they must be going, .and he made the above remark in an undertone when he followed them into the hall, and helped Kate on with her cloak. His voice sounded soft in her ears. - It had a peculiar timbre which touched her in spite of herself, and ' he looked so thoroughly manly and gentlemanly as he stood thero, pretending to fumble over her cloak, that she said' in reply, with all the indifference she could assume-— " Very well, we will avoid the bankruptcy court if possible, else our creditors might have a rough time of it." Was it not an unfortunate coincidence that these two, even although unintentionally/al ways contrived to wound each other on tbeir tenderest points. Kate had been innocent of any evil intention, neverthe less Jack Clinker's feelings were sorely hurt by what he imagined was marked refer ence to his pecuniary difficulties. . " That was a nasty speech, Miss Brewser,'' he said coldly. _ " You don't like my advice,, for the third time this evening I tender it. You are fond of hitting toe right nail on toe head, but take care you don't get into tbe habit of striking it too hard. It's an evil and un kind practice, apt to grow unawares npon those who indulge in it." And now suddenly she remembered what Mrs. Forrester had told her of his financial embarrassments, and tbe construction he had evidently put upon her words grew clear to her mind. " Oh !" she cried hastily, while a flush of shame dyed her face, " I did not mean it. I'm' so sorry— so awfully sorry. Will yon ever for give me ?" His brow cleared at once. "Never mind," he said, in quite a different tone. "It was my fault. "I'm a stupid fool to he so huffy. Gaod-bye, Miss Brewser," -He handed her into the carriage, shut the door, and then added persuasively, "You'll let me come and see you, won't you ?" She could not have told herself what was the instinct that Induced her too look hun straight in the face with a smile and say "Yes." After all he could he nice when he chose ; and though she was iu no danger of falling u victim to his fascinations, she pegan -to understand that Mrs. Forrester bad spoken trrily when she declared- Jack Clinker to be a dangerous mail. She had viiot acted quite as she had intended throughout the' e venmg. But there was no fear, of his proving dangerous to her— not the least. That was unite a different thing.| . Meantime Mr. M'Grath was holding a pri vate conference with his friend Mrs. Forrester. " Well," said he, in an anxious -whisper, "how do you think they are getting on? It struck me it was rather a slap in the face for poor Jack when she turned round and told him she detested partnerships 1 What do you sup pose sho meant by it ?" "Oh, nothing," answered Mrs. Forrester, soothingly. "She runs a hit contrary, that's all. Don't like the whip. Jack was pretty free with the lash, yon know, and she showed some temper. Nothing more than might have been expected, however." tVhich declaration was a highly magnani mous one, seeing that Mrs. Forrester had not impart od to Mr. McGrath the manner in' which she had betrayed bis confidences. " But do you think matters are progressing Batiafactoiily?" said he. " Admirably ; how could they possibly bo going on better? Why, they cud nothing the whole evening hut spar and .qnarrel like two great overgrown babies who could not leave each other alone. What on earth would you have more?" "I don't know. Do you call squabbling a on vvU 91U "Agoodsign? Yes, certainly; I tell you it's a ca/ntal one !'" " Don'tyou consider it looks somewhat like a cose of mutual aversion F". "Terry, you're really a very simple indi vidual. 1 tell you it's no such thing. It's the law of attraction and gravitation which makes warring elements unite. Why; :wher&'s youv natural history, man ?" ' " Well," said Terry, hat half- convinced, " you may be right. - -You're a clever woman, Mrs. Forrester ; but it's not the way the boys do their courting in Ireland. Love-making there is done at the flrat intent, so to speak, and does not require all this beating about the bush and groping iu subterranean alleys." " Subterranean alleys ! What nonsense you're fnH«nrr Tovpv " " It's true, th'eugh, all the same. Iu our country the boys make up to the girls in a straightforward fashion, and give them a slap ping good kiss on the cheek without all this roundabout sort of palaver." " And a slapping good snub Jack would get for hia pains if he wore to try that game on. No, no, "Terry, make up your mind that your countrymen's conduct cannot be implicitly -followed on all-occasions ;- and believe, -besides,- that most' women are not won iu that plough- boy manner. ; They file what you cull ' round about palaver " Well, it beats mo altogether, and I give it up as. a bad job. All I can say Is, appearances are riot entirely satiafacjory." < ; " And I , tell .you the "appearances are exceed ing satisfactory, could not be more so, in - fact ; uud that you'kaow no mora about the ways of o> uidii auu aiuaiu" tuauiuvuiu uiuuj-'viv there, '-'eppinting to one on- the- rug., : With- which remark she bade him farewell j aiid, having turned her guests out' of doors,' retired to feat, well pleased with -.what she considered had proved a most successful evening. The .' Hobble. Jack Clinker, ' at - all limes' subject' to curious fancies, took it into his head to walk- home, and : firmly declirieiljthe com-;; panionship eveu of Mr. M'Grath. -So he put on his' greatcoat, lighted a cigar! aad trudged, away steadily.- The yellow moon - shone -like : a! clear sphere in toe. dork heavens, anori brighten - ing all the landscape, and making the trees and; hedgerows stand out in delicate sil/ioueticfSiga.m . hiding away : behind a mnss of heavy cloud j! while toa merry stars twinkled' arid played' at hide and seek in their far-off hoiries. ' "Only twenty-two, '' said he, ' pursuing a train of reflection evidently' uppermost in- his. thoughts, " and hates partnerships !' '! Dash Tit all ! " It's not1 natural at that age to talk-like'a woman of the world; ' She said her experience had been unfortunate. I: wonder: how and - in what way? -I'd give a pony to know, the story, of her life. She must have been disappointed;, or badly troated.-some time or other. Perhaps.. it was somed d fellow, which is the reason she's so awfully hard on the rest of us.- -Poor little soul ! How pretty she looked when she was laying dowri the law. She remindednie of a suowdrop in her white frock, -ahd her eyes sparkled/just like two jewels.; Talk of dolls, indeed ! There's , mighty little of the doll about her ! What a spirit she has got;, aud—, yes — "with a smile, "what a tonzue.as well. Nevermlndj-iifterallshe means no harm by it; and her heart is in the right place!! I don't think your milk-ond-watery creature ' would suit me in theTong run: One soon tires of them, just as she said. Now there would be no sameness, no monotony about her. f ghe'd keep a man up to the mark, and prevent his wits from wool-gathering. Why,- she made even me — see— Jack Clinker — feel iuclined to turn over a new leaf, and', regret the past. I wonder, now, whether it .would be possible to begin a fresh and kick clear of the old groove ? Things can't last much, longer as they're doing. A smash sooner or later is -inevitable." Pshaw ! what a fool I am to be sure ! I can't think what's come to me ' to-night, or what : has pnt such ideas into my head.: It's not likely a girl of Miss Browser's wealth, surrounded, -too, with every luxury, would ever care for a poor devil like myself. Enough of such/nonsense. These confounded stars make >a fellow maudlin." He puffed vigorously at his cigar, and looked up into toe cool, dark sky. The soft night air,, laden with moisture, lasted his. cheek, and seemed to lull bis seiises to rest. The peace of nature shed her charm around him, sinking petty every- day worries and actions jjinto triviality. ""What an awfully jolly eveaing!" he soliloquised once more, knocking the ash away from his nearly smoked Havannah. " It makes one feel inclined to wander about all1 night, dreaming of half-fiedged thoughts and wishes. ' "Were it not for that bothering money I hava everything a man could wont — good rather, position, health, friends, and spirits — and yet, every now and_ again there seems to crop up a curiouB void, just as thero did this evening, x wonuer wnai u is, ana wny ou earth that girl in. her white frock made such an impression upon me. Heigh-ho ! It's a funny, unsatisfactory world in many ways!"j And with this unoriginal conclusion to his moralising, .Tack Clinker fonnd himself stand by his own hall-door, which. he entered with a latch-key, and making a bail headache an ex-' cuse for not sitting up. to the small hours of the morning, discussing the evening's events over a brandy and soda with Terence M'Grath, he went up-stairs at once. He did not care to listen to his friend's opinions of "that smart young woman in white." He could fancy Terry using the very words ; and he was in one of those fastidious, uncertain moods when com ments are apt to be distasteful, and therefore ungraciously received, and when ones feelings are so highly strung that chaff irritates and banter jars. Those " confounded stars'' had certainly a good deal to answer for. (IO BB CONTINIJBD.) 