My Narrow tscape. I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, jnrt a year ago ; hot aa I can now look back and calmly re sell each thought, each word, eaeb act, I think I pill write it down as a warning to 11 «h/> mtv find itiATTipplvPR niuiil&llT; cir- eumstanoed, hoping, with all my heart, that the cumber may be few. In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the last ten years, the foreman and book-keeper of the large lumbering establishment of Wil liam Winston and Co., and hope to be for another deeade,onless something better turns np. Mr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the mannfactnring part of the bnsiness. The other members of the firm, of which there are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the Bales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largest share of what the mill eats, although the amount of onr sales direotly from the mill, to supply the country to the west of' us, is quite Well, one cold September evening, just as I was preparing forborne, I heard footsteps on the ground outside, and presently the offioe door flew open, as though someone in haste had given it a push, admitting a - tall, atont, well- dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a ehawl thrown over one arm. I wae alone — Mr. Winston baring gone to the house some half an hour before, locking the safe, in which we kept our boobs and papers, and taking the key with him as nsnaL I had already closed the damper to the stove, pnt on my overcoat, and was just in -the eat of turning down the lamp — but, of course, I waited. "Good evening, air," said the man, hnstiing up to the stove, and kicking the damper open with his right foot. "Has -Winston gone to the houee?" ; I answered thst he had. ; " When f I was afraid of it." He drew out his watch — a very fine one, I thought. I shall not have time to go up," be eaid. "The train is due in fifteen min utes." " I there anything I cau do for yon 7" I asked. "I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a despatch tbat calls me home." " What name, sir T" 'Anderson, olAndereonville." ' I knew him then, though I bad seen him but once before. He had been one of onr best western onstomere. I said bad been, <for thereason that during the past year he ;had not been so prompt. In fact, he was -considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to write him, and " punch itim np a little," as be expressed it. The 'letter was then in the breast pocket of my lovercoat, "Yon can leave the money with me, sir, .and I will give you a receipt." i He seemed to hesitate, which nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone since, however. " How much is my bill 7" he ssked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I bed struck the balance not more than half an hour be fore: "Two thousand two hundred and fifty jponnds." "Humph 1 less than I supposed. Write cut a receipt for that amount." He left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt. i "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know «on sow. You've been with Winston a long time. I ean tell yonr aignatnre any where." He drew from an inside packet a large black wallet very ronnd and lull, and count ing out eleven different piles of baok-notea, he told me to ran tbem over. Itwasaebort and easy task, for each pile contained jnet twenty ten pound notee. The belaoce was is Botes and sovereigns, and it took more time to eonnt .them ; bnt- at last we got it so tbat both were satisfied. ! At this moment we heard the whistle from thestation. Anderson sprang for bis travel ling hag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run- I closed the door, and coon ted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper jaroundit, and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so jmueh money about me, but ss Winston's house was at least a mile distant, I con- ieloded to keep ft antil morning, when I could deposit it in the hank, 1 I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took the office key from the nail just over the door, and stepped opto pnt out the light. As I did so, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on picking op, I saw was the receipt I wrote far Mr. Anderson. He dropped it in his hnny, I pnt it in my pocket. and thought no more about it, only jhat I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, hut as the last mail for the day had gone not on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well r the morning. Then, too, I was in something ot a hurry that night, for I had an appoint ment ; and I may as weU state here that it was with a jonng lady, who, £ hoped, would he my wit/- before many months elapsed. I hastened to my boszdiDg place, ate my nipper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy abont leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of course, as ehs was expecting me, and, leaving my coat ' and hat in the hall, I went into the l parlor. \- I do not think a repetition of our convcr. cation would be very interesting, so I will pass over it, merely remarking tbat nothing oeonrred to disturb me until I arose to take my leave. i-.Carria went into the entry for my coat and hat, that I might pat them on by the warm tire, but she oame back with only my hat., . . "Why, Fred, yon certainly did not ven ture out ob each a night as tins without an overcoat 7" "No coat!" I exclaimed, in a dazedeortof a way— lor the thought oi the money, flash ing upon me so suddenly .had almost £tunned me. The next moment X tore past her like a madman, as 1 was- The coat was gonel Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the istair-raii, and caught it just in time to sup port myself. Carrie came tanning out, her face turning pale with alarm. \- " Oh, Fred I are you eick 2 Let me call mother and the doctor. Yea are as white as a Sheet." I "No, no, Carrier I entreated, "There, I am better now." - And t was better. I was strong, all at once— desperately strong- And what brought bout this ehapgs? The simple receipt which ! had in. -my pocket, Anderson had nothing to show that the money bad been paid, aud was sot my on aided word as good as his 7 X was foolish enough to hefiese that I could heave it through, and I grew confident oadcoiteessyjas onee. . : "There, Carrie, I Am much better now. : The room was too warm, X gnese. So some ineak-thiei has dodged in and stolen my coat I WelL let itgo- It was only an old .one, and I'll have a better." ' " But was there anything In your -packets!" asked Carrie. ft is strange how' enspiapus guRt will make oa. X really thought that Carrie sus pected me, and an angry reply was on the wnd of my tongue. J- suppressed it, i ifcowerer, aud - uttered Salreho'sd in1 Mr ' . . i! ' Nothing ot consequence, Carrie. A good ! pair of gloves and eotne ether triflirg notions." " I am glad it is no worse, Fred. Now, if yon will wait just a moment, I will get yon one at father's coats to wear home." Thus equipped I left her. You may guess tbat my slumbers that night were cot very sound, nor very refresh ing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were the eobject of remark. " Why. Fred, yon look as thongb yon had met a legion of ghosts laBt night," eaid Winston. " What is the matter 1" "I have had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a sickly smile. " And yon'll have another, if you're not careful. Yon had better keep quiet to- day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson i" I do not know how X managed to reply, for the question set me to shivering from hiad to foot, and I was so week that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he eaid: " Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, ot the next day!" Im mediately after he-added, "Why, Fred, you shiver asthongh yon had the ague, and yon are sweating like a butcher! You're "sick, man. Come I jump into myzeamafand 111 take you home." \- 1 was glad of the chance -to getaway, and'-, reaching myroom,I iookedtnyeell in. Winston sent a dootor round, bat I refused toeeehim. Then he came himself, bnt I would not open -the door. The landlady came, then soma of mv>ffiHnw-famirdsis. fant I tamed them, all sway. - Ah 1 those were vtetriUe' boors that I passed and the night coming-on brought me no relief. Can yon not gnesB what I was meditating 7 Coward that I was, I had at last resolved upon self-destination. Icommenaed my preparations with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. X wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fourth envelope I enclosed the receipt to Mr. Andereon. Ail this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took ont the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, small and in significant enough in appearance, bnt all sufficient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, I sat down before the fire, and placed the cold mnzzle to my forehead. In another second I. should have been life less, bnt jnat as my finger began to press the trigger there came a tap on toy door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that I oould admit no one." " Not me, Fred I" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of me. Quietly slipping the tell-tale letters, which 1 had left on the table, into my pocket, I opened the door. " Ob, Fred ! yon are real sick," exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light lell on my face. " Why did yon not sent for rue! Aren't yon better 7" " Worse," I answered, huskily ; " but Carrie— good Heaven's !" As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward ; and then— I hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat I Recovering from my astoniBbment, 1 snatched it frcm her, and thrust my hand into the packet. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. Yon have hesrd about, aud perhaps seen, the singular ccpers of a madman, or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the grotesque dancing of enrages. Well, judging bom what Carrie told me and from the ap pearance of my apartment after it wae all over, I am lod to believe that, were it possible to concentrate the three above mentioned species of demons into oue, their capering and dancing would appear tame in compari son with mine thst night. But I cooled down after a while, and just in time to ssveCarrie'e heed a tbomp from the chair or the wasbstand, which I had selected ss partners in my crazy traliz. Then I asked for an explanation- It was the simplest thing imaginable, I do not know why I bad not thought of It before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie'e father. He had mistaken my coat for hie own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idly in one of the pockets. Well, I didn't have the brain fever over the s&sir;, but I wi>s next door to it. I made a clean breast of the vbo)e thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at pelt de struction. No one ever guessed thst part of it, and I tell it to-day for tbe fitst time. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my duties, a wiser and better man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, i shall lead Carrie to tbe altar. 