MB mxb Jjmrak No matter how cleanly the seafaring man may be while on the deean, he has a sbrong antipathy to being waa?*sd ashore. Of what feminine creature* *re y°u reminded on the completion of a buildNsf? -^ hoo88 maid. There is a world of strange caabhfiiolioaB ; one woman ib unhappy because she ian'y Bu ried, another because she is. Sunday-SchoolTeacher.-' Who loves every-/ body, Johnnie ?' Johnnie — ' My pa does, cos he is trying to get into the town counciL' Teacher— 'Can you explain what ia meant by vicarious punishment?' Johnny — 'Yea, sir.# When mother gets angry at father sha whips me.' *fHow». are you coming on with yoor ' tragedy?' 'Better than I expected. Tva killed off all the principal characters except two, and they are not on speaking terms.' Teacher—' Do you know the difference be tween right and wrong?' Boy — 'No.' 'If you were to take your little brother's cake from him what would you do.' ' Eat it up.' Tailor—' How wide a collar shall I put on your overcoat, sir? ' Customer—' Make it so wide that when I pass you in the street I can torn it up so you w^n't recognise me.' Winterbloom — 'I want you to see my babies.' Featherstone— ' Au right I should b'ke to very much. When shall I come?' Winterbloom — ' Come round about one o'clock in the morning. They are liveliest then.' First Gentleman— 'Hello, Smith! Yon are got up regardless of expense. Going to a wedding?' Second Gentleman— ' No ; Tm going to town to try to engage a cook, and I wish to create a good impression.' Young Wife — ' Don't you consider marriage a means of grace, George f ' Young Husband (who has already been forced to play second fiddle in the household) — ' Yes ; anything is a means of gracejfaat leads to repentance.' First Tramp— ' There ain't agoin' to be good livin for our perfession in the future, I'm afeard.' Second Tramp— :*? Blow me ; Ws that?' First Tramp— 'It's this 'ere civilisa tion. These cookin' schools is teachin' gals 'ow to vise up the cold wittieB.' Playwright — 'Is her acting natural?' Manager (enthusiastically)— 'Natural? Why, when she appeared as the dying mother last night a life insurance agent who has her in sured for £5,000, and who was in the audience, actually fainted.' Examiner — 'I am surprised that you all have made mistakes hi answering the question. Where was Magna Charts signed ? Think it over. Can no one tell me?' Little boy (at bottom of class) — ' I can, sir.' Examiner— ' Well ?' Little boy— 'At the bottom of the page.' Bullfinch—' I understand, Dramaticas, that you are writing a play.' Dramaticus— ' Yes, I have that honor.' 'Got it nearly done?' ' Well, yes ; the most important part of it. I haven't started on the play itself yet, but I have nearly finished my speech of surprise when I am called out between the acts.' He— 'There is a certain young lady deeply interested in me, and, while I like her, you know, still I never could love her. I want to put an end to it without breaking the poor girl's heart. Can you suggest any plan?' She— 'Do you call there often r He— 'No, indeed. Not any oftener than I can possibly help.' She— 'Call oftener.' At a Glasgow theatre, after the impressive performance of Irving's ' Hamlet,' attention was drawn to the effusive delight of a young lady, who was thus trying apparently to show her gratitude to the gentleman upon whose arm Bhe was resting, 'rve had a real good tune, George,' said she, 'and it is areallovelyplay ; it's so full of quotations.' In Ireland reeently'a quarrel had taken place at a fair, and a culprit was being sentenced for manslaughter. The doctor, however, had given evidence to show that the victim's skull was abnormally thin. The prisoner, on being asked if he had anything to say for himself, replied — ' No, yer honor ; but I would ask, was that a skull for a man to go to a fair wid?' An anecdote is related of a certain Metho dist parson who was loudly inveighing before a ministerial assembly against schools of theology, and finished by thanking God that he had never 'rubbed his back up againab one.' 'Do I understand the brother to say that he thanks God for his ignorance?' asked the bishop. 'Well, yes, if you want to put it that way,' lie replied. 'Then all I have to add,' said the bishop, 'is that the brother has a great deal to be thankful for.' An amateur dramatic company gave a per formance a few nights ago. The piece was 'Hamlet,' and Gus Snobberly played the Ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence in himself, but the manager reassured him by saying— 'Now, Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, 'I am thy father's ghost,1 and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.' Gus said he would try and do his level best. When the ghost's turn came, he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole per formance by saying, ' I am thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.' 'I want some more chicken,' said four year-old Frances at the dinner table. 'I think you have had as much as is good foe you, dear,' Baid Frances' mammff. 'I want more.' And Frances pouted. 'You can'6 have more now; but here is the wish-bone that you and marnjna. can pulL That will ba fun. You poll one side and Fll pull the other, and whoever gets the longer one can have her wish come true. Why, baby, you've got it. What was your wish, Frances?' 'I wished for some more chicken, 'said Frances promptly. She got it this time. A story is told of H. J. Byron's wretched ness when his play 'Dearer than Life' was produced. At the end of the second act there was a_ long delay, and the audience grew very impatient. 'What in the name of goodness are they doing ?' a3ked a critic of the author. 'I don't know,' moaned Byron. At this moment the sound of a saw at work behind the curtain could be distinctly heard. ' What are they doing now, my dear Byron?' said the critic. Here the author's keen sense of humor oame to ? the rescue. ' I think,' he said, ' they must be cutting out the last act.' An Irish peasant brought a litter of kittens to a Protestant vicar in a certain town in County Wicklow, requesting him to purchase them. The vicar declined. ' Your riverence, they are good Protestant kittens,' urged Paddy, but his reverence remained obdurate. A few days after, the Roman Catholic priest (who had meanwhile been informed of the offer to his brother clergyman) was approached and on his refusing to make a purchase the would-be seller urged a sale. 'Sure, father dear, they are good Catholic kittens.' ' But how is this, my man ?' replied the priest ; ' you said a day or two ago they were good Protestant kittens.' 'And so they were,' said the peasant, 'but their eyes weren't opened.' . 