The Bread and Water Cure. The proceedings in the Legislative Council last night are deserving of special attention because of the importance of a Bubjeot dealt with by that House. ' What m&y; be roughly described ab the Larrikin Bill, but which has as its title the Disorderly Conduct Suppression Bill, 'was before the House for consideration j and its leading provisions so commended them selves to the judgment of hoa. members that the Measure passed its second reading without division. As to some .of the more .severe penalties proposed to be imposed there may be some difference of opinion, but none as to the general princi ples of the measure and the new methods prescribed for the suppression of the nuisance we are bo familiar with under the name of larrikinism. Mr. 0'Connob, in moving the second reading of the bill, very clearly set forth the proposed cure for the evil. 'What may be called the bread and water cure is the principal feature of the new legislation proposed. A. diet of bread and water ie to be substituted for the com paratively luxurious fare and delicate treatment now provided in the penal establishments of the country. For offences generally coming under the head of riotous conduct and including brutal assaults and wanton mischievous outrages of the kind we have of late been all too fa mill nr with, special prison treatment is provided, with more severe discipline for second and third offences. Mr. O'Connob admitted what has often been complained of in the leading columns of this journal — that the condition of offenders was more comfortable when inside our gaols than outside them. Under the new bill a bread and water diet for the first ten days would be prescribed, and after that only sufficient animal food would be allowed to prevent the health of the culprit from suffering. Mr. O'CoimoB assured the House that experience had shown that this kind of treatment exercised a most salutary effect upon inmates of gaols, and that is easily understood. The diet in gaols under the present regulations is far too generous, and the general treatment altogether too considerate. Perpetrators of wanton, brutal assaults upon unoffending people go to gaol for a few months and are maintained in quarters and upon fare which are often sumptuous compared with what the cul prits are accustomed to outside. Such treatment is no deterrent to crimes of violence. On the contrary, it is a positive encouragement. Another satisfactory feature of the bill, as explained by the Minister for Justice, was that magistrates would be enabled to deal effectively with juvenile offenders without sentencing them to lengthy terms of imprisonment and compelling them to lusrd with older crimiaals. The only difference of opinion will bo over the clauses pro Tiding corporal punishment. But this punishment is only prescribed for offences of peculiar atrocity, and, moreover, it is the law now; and it may be pleaded for it that since it was embodied in the criminal code tke crime of garrotting has been almost unknown. It may be fairly hoped that what the lash has done for the garrotter the bread and water cure may do for the less brutal but often little less objection able ruffian known as the larrikin. The subject of leprosy came up in the Assembly yesterday upon a question by Mr. Kelly, who elicited from Sir George. Dibbs that under certain restrictions the attendants on the leper patients at Little Bay Hospital were allowed to mix with the other attendants at the other institu tions, and then leave their quarters and mix with the outside public. This answer reveals a great degree of laxity. According to the opinion of many of those who were, or are, in the beBt position to judge, for instance the late Sir Morrell Mackenzie and the Government surgeon at Honolulu, leprosy is an infectious disease. The fate of Father Damien, moreover, teaches the same leB3on, which it is now impossible for any person of common sense to doubt, It is hard to find a proper sug gestion for the treatment of the attendants at Little Bay, but certainly some more stringent precautions than those adopted at present should betaken. — Dr. Garran's acceptance of the post of presi dent of the Council of Arbitration shows that the Government is moving in a direction in which . it ought to have moved long ago. If the Council of Arbitration could close up the Broken TT»H strike in a manner that will leave as little bitterness as possible, it will have justi fied its appointment. Both sides should endeavor to get this lamentable dispute before the council. That things axe ripe for settlement is plain to all those who can read between the lines ©f certain utterances of Mr. Greenhalgh on the Broken Hill Beserve yesterday. Mr. Greenhalgh said that when the men came to the conclusion that it was no use fighting the battle any longer he hoped they would bring it before their branch meeting, and let the majority rule, and not rush back singly into the mines like cots. This iB at least an admission of a deBire to get back. The man Gleeson, who is muter sentence of death in Brisbanefor murder, haisent a petition for a commutation of ^he sentence to the Govern ment. Among otner reasons why clemency should be extended to him lie states that be bore no malice against hia victim, and nad ao intention of shoot ing him. This, so doubt, willbe consolatory to the ghost of the man that was shot, in what ever light it »nay appear to the Queens land Executive. But ft xecalls the tragic comedy In which a colored gentleman once figured as tiia principal character. Se had thrown his wife down a flight of stairs and broken ner neck. He was dojy tried and sentenced to death? At the gallows fee made (ra pious endoj&%*Vpteo»ded}-ya£Bce. wellspeecK lathe speech uejexplainadiihatlie jtavar-bail anything^ *«gin Jiii jpoo* niisis/' What h* imtL 4om io hto -wim* motely 'to «9mr fete fttttwUy/* ' ? ' The famous lJie^^|^*««itiwt 1 'Synods are mystical bear gardens/' has not lost its applica tion yet, and to other than the special religious bodies satmsed by 4he witty Cavalier poet. A reminder to this effect is conveyed by the report of a Church Congress at [Folkestone, .' which seems to have been a scene of ' most admired disorder.' The Eitualist -section, we are told, being offended at certain banners carried fey a rival procession o£ Low Churchmen, upon -which were depicted scenes connected with the Smithfield fires, seized the flags and tore them to shreds. This is an edifying spectacle indeed for the Christian world in general, though unfortunately it is only a too familiar illus tration of how Christians have often in terpreted the injunction of their divine teacher —Love one another. It is indeed a melancholy fact that Christians professing different tenets are apt very frequently to xage against one another all the more bitterly when the differences happen to be comparatively trivial ones. At the same time it is not to be' implied that at any rate some of the points oa which High Churchmen and I#w Churchmen disagree are to be considered as trivial— at least it is tolerably certain that they do notf appear to be so to thoBe chiefly concerned. But with regard to the outside and the sceptical publio, it may be said that the incident in question wjjl be irresistibly provoca tive of comic ideas rather than grave ones. If one can speculate with anything like surety with regard to what might have taken place three centuries ago, when the fires of Smith field were alight, in respect of such religious dis putants as we have just heard of, it is that the orthodox authorities would have made short work of them. Those who kindled the said fires would have burned both Ritualists and Low Churchmen with the utmost impartiality, as was actually done to the sixteenth century represen tatives of the twain. Concerning Lord Tennyson, who is now lying dying, it is interesting to note his attention to the last in matters both small and great. Among his latest actions was the writing of one letter saying, 'I love Mr.' Gladstone, but I hate his present policy;'* and another rebuking a minor bard who had spoken of his (Tennyson's) wintry head. The laureate in reply to his confrere declared that he had never had a grey hair. That poets are not . indifferent to practical matters is shown by the fact that Tennyson caused- to be sold the surplus milk from his dairy, his carts being labelled Alfred, Lord Tennyson, milk vendor. Speaking in the Victorian Assembly the other day on the proposed increase in the protective tariff, Mr. M'Coll mentioned that hie late father, Hugh M'Coll, was one of the first protectionists in Victoria, but that before he died he looked with alarm upon the growth of the factory system in Melbourne, and at the moral, the social, and the physical decadence of the country's youth which these factories brought about. Mr. M'CoJl also made a reference to New South Wales which cannot ? but be accepted as a compliment to the mother colony at the expense of Victoria. He declared that 'for months past the best of our young fellows had been going to New South Wales, and if he were given the management of the lands of New South Wales for 12 months he would guarantee to draw away the finest young men of Victoria.' Mr, M'Coll, it may be added, is still a protectionist, but he thinks it is time to pause and ask if they axe not carrying the principles of protection too far. The match between Austrian and Prussian onicers to see which side could most quickly traverse on horseback the distance between the capitals of their respective countries, the Austrians starting from Vienna and the Prussians from Berlin, shows the good relations that have succeeded the rivalry between the two great central European powers, but appears in some respects not altogether a wise per formance. Austrians and Prussians have been very friendly before, not actually during riding matches, but in the intervals between them. In 1859 Prussia was preparing to go to the aid of Austria against Napoleon IH* but was stopped by the news of the peace of Villa Franca. By 1S66 there was a riding match over the same route as the present one, but for a mntih ? imam mmniiB a4:a.1ra TVio 'PriianiaTIR fchon showed that they knew the road to Vienna so well — they could have gone on from Sadowa had they liked — that it was sorely unnecessary to give them opportunities at the present day to refresh their knowledge. The Austrians, too, have made good time to Berlin before Lieutenant Mikloss did his 391 miles in 73| hours. In Frederick the Great* s wars Berlin twice saw the invader within its gates, Austrian cavalry having been then as now more rapid in its move ments than that of the more stolid north. Had William II. and Francis Joseph had mutually remembered the . maxim to treat your enemies as though they may some day be your friends, and your friends as though they may some day be your enemies, neither of them would have encouraged even his best friend to survey the approaches to the Beats of his power. Tha story of the Prussian officers whose horses died under them during the match is suspicions. What did these bold riders do after they were dismounted —bemoan their losses, or take notes? If they employed themselves in the latter way there may prove eventually to have been about the ride between Berlin and Vienna something recalling the old example of the hare and the tortoise* Whenever the attempt is repeated in grim earliest it will possibly be found that the tortoise has bees Forking quietly but usefully. 