r L'oW 'ralk. That, to quote old Caspar, it roas a famous victosy. Teat this does not refer to that centiaental affair, ban to last Saturday's ha.rle eor, tie North Ipw ich ground, when,tho old paper meo got a wl. Tnat an it is only ab ut once iua seas n that thou get a vie, their jebilation was epardoo ab!e. That ifone of the Advocatecr eke had ' come aS" in the batting, as it was expected hI would do, te reesslt n.'..o hve been very diffaent. That the "T.T." man was en ry to hear ab 'ut three or four "barrackers" wlho were tickled to death by thoF effort' of the ymes men to oat out the Advocuate's Ioe two plUers in the first innings. That every ball sent down to thore two yonogeaters provoked a yellof derisive laughter, That in like manner every run they made was aproarionsly applauded. That no matter what the Times men did, these'" barracktr."saw somuthing fannier than a cirous. That when the Times men were having their recond innings, however, a change onme o'er the spirit of their dream. That when it was evident that the Q. T'. couldn't help wioninlg even if they tried to, the "bargera" couldn't see a ghost of a bit of bhumour in the game-oh, dear no, at thatestage it had oecome a serious matter. That is only fair so say that they didn't baelrg to the Advocate staff. Ther, nevertheless, their great ooncern in the game wool I lead anyone to suppose that they owned that newspaper, or at least had a thousend or two on the ma'obh. That the watchers l1tking aflter Tallon's grapes didn't knoow their insiness, not by a long chalk. Test they ought to have waited notil the thieves had got at the grapres. That the watobera ehould then have 'nonked on the pilferera, and given them a leaden mmen'so of the coassion. That, as itwan, they took eothing away with them, ren even their bag and dog. That the dog appears to have been mooh braver than the men, as he doesn't seem to haw run away. That it is hardly likely that they will turn up to claim the property they IfIt behoind them. That, if they do, Tahlo has sworn by Beo Kevis and the sword of Wal:ace that he will know what notion to take. That their names most be Judas, because they carried a bag. That. Judas or no Judas, next ti no they go to that vineyard they will get a vioe-regal salut8e (seveoten g el). That what p iou the Cotton OCmpany now ? That their prospects look remarksably roey jast now. anyway. That the little shipment of o:tton and cottoo seed looks well. That then the fact that the Qaenslaond cotton brings nearly Id. per lb. more than any other is something to be exceedingly glad atbout. That awe all knew before that cotton could be grown here, but we didn't know that it was the best cotton in the world. That that is what it now appears to be, as stated by a competent judge, for you can safely swear that a London cotton brtker knows what he is saylog. That this all-important statement should be carefully noted by farmers. Tbat they now have a chance to turn an honest penny by cotton and whbat growing. That talking of wheat reminds the writer of the'effert made, some time btack, to establish a Bflourmill here. That now that so mnsy people in the dis. triol are growing and lttend to grow wheat. what about making anuoher attempt to get a mi:l in Ipwich ! That at will look very bad to see all the West Moresto wheat going to Briabane to be ground, sad then comipg back again as flor. That the town and distriet nught to have too much respect for itself to Snd work and money for Mr. Harding's insolvent oamping around, when the work and money oold be kept herb. That this is a matter that some of our reoi. dents should ponder very deeply. That the i'.T." man wants the people to wake up a'little more. and make a united effort to prevent the place from beooming a eubhrb of Bribaens. That the Woodend ratepayere appear to be a unanimous and persevering lot of lmen., That they will getthat bridge over the river just as eurely as people emtke on Ipswich omnibuses. SThat the "T.T." man is informed that that practice ie carried o0 just as esnco.sefully -a ever, in spite of the traffio bylaw to the contrary, Tunat. of course, the offenders know they are virlating the law, beoanes somehow they tever do it when the inspector is about. That nrolythis could remedied boompel'ing the driver to make the smoker ceans smoking the moment he gets on the vehicle-whether inside or out. That the ' T.T." writes this in bhaf of many women who are serirnmlyioonveanil.oed by this unmanly hebaviour. That amokers have opportunities enosuh for smoking without interfering with the cumfort of paasengers. That once would suppose, to see some men on "'bus, that they had just bhen resnued from a dessrt island, where they had had no chance to emoke for at least six months, ad that if they didn't seize the opportunity afforded by the 'bee they would drop d-ad. That Finoimore, of Marburg, deserves the honoor of being president of the School of At't in that distriot. That he is a man who has worked well for that commneity. and the residents have only line him jelatcoe in conferring upon him one of the highest hoanours at their . isposal. That, when there are men like him in a town. ship, the ir i?luence for good in aroo felt. That a gnod joke is jest to hand. That a wellotnown towneman (ay, BRow ) reoeivel a eummons, the otoer day, to pay up arne alleged to bt due for rates for property in a certain division. That the nmmons weas responded to sithl alocrity, because Brown felt that a trip down there for " emix" would do him good. Teat when he got there he proved.So the eatiefa tieo of. the Bienchthat he had no pro party in that division-not so mooh as a thimhleful. That the Board's billcon him wres less than £2, hot his bill on the Board for travelliag ex penaes, &o.;, was about £4 That the Board's tail Was tlerenpon jamme d so tight between its hind legs that all the kior s horses and all the king's men couldn't pull et out. That it is safe to swear that next time they isesuer a summons 'gainst abyhbody up this way. they'll take special care to olapit on the right That she belorged to the labour party, and ohe looked to be eight years or so of age. That she was in Brisbane street distributing leiS tt aeking people to etho coming lab our leadera' harang ues That ehe gave a'n pl e a pair of popular " boys in blue. That one of them, mo lark perhaps than for any other rea?eo?n ;-ptly tore up the leaS:t he had r, ceivod. That the littio uoionist maid, who had evi. dentls boeen trained in the way-the unionist way-she should go, immediately, with in indignation, exclaimed, "Oh, yon're a capita list I' That this tickled the " boys in blue" im mensely. That the acused devotly wishes the acousation were true-if it were, he says, h woaldu'a be padding the streets of Ipswich. That the Manic pal string are in oactive traitL ing for the Mayor's Cup of 1892. Thlat there are said to be at least four etraight goers that are pretty olean sabout the fetlocks, and ashould make a close finish of toe evest. That that little race.meeting out at a Chbb't Lane, on Suaday afternoon last, would have been quite a hewlie e ,ctee- as," not h. e tur~e hurdl?, in the shape ci a "limb" of the law, proved too mey fe r th epelte lies. Thao the Itr,., w r- th r n I tlle j veeBe were thereabuat, an ehe cre. e w In? . the icinity, .Ivea Moune d.-C .f.a.le '! Pc'r?.lsn .ao sudddenly dieovre:.d-1ke e T'l ehuthl G(an non-"sitting on a rail." t'nat then everphc.dy egpas to i' qaile "'et? ever~hody else conce cut lur, and ne nebtdy -eOrod to hnow whlat the General Jeokeoe the other fellorw wanotel. that crewld molted ceeay queeloker then e elice of buterr cn ec hot ren~e. Test the police will he commen?ed by mo"l people in their, flirt, to puoluwon theae unruly Sonday gstherings. 'I bat. If honeat ep'*eiete e?'-t to eer a gond ramoe between rival hacks there are one or too plcee net tar front town whalere they eon cor gregate on week dye., weithbout dia?euhbieg othere oh ma~y hold lifferent opiniene to rhelnseivee on the eut jsct of psFort. 