Chapter XX. Mrs, Kingsward said nothing of the com munication her husband had made to her. Did she understand it? He went about heavily- all day pondering the matter, going and coming to her room, trying in vain to make out what was in her mind. But he could nob divine what was in that mind hidden: from him in those veils of individual existence which never seemed to him to have been so i baffling before. In the afternoon she had heard somehow the voices of the elder-boys and had asked, if they were.there and had sent for them. The-two big fellows with the mud on their boots and the scent of the fresh air about them stood huddled together speech less with awe and grief by the bedside when j their father came in. They did not know what to say to their mother in such circum stances. They had never talked to her aboub herself, but always about themselves; and now they were entirely at a loss after they had said, "How are-you, man ma? are you very bad, mamma? Oh, I am so sorry aud "Oh, I wish you were better." 'What could boys of twelve and fourteen say? Ifor the moment they felt as if their hearts were broken; but they did not want to stay there; they had nothing to say to her. Their pang of sudden trouble was confused with shyness and awk wardness, and their consciousness that she was altogether in another atmosphere and anobher world. Mrs. Kingsward was not a. clever woman, but she understood miracu lously what was in those inarticulate young souls. She kissed them both, drawing each close to her for a moment and ihen bade them run away. " Were you having a good game?" she said, with that ineffable feeble smile. " Go and finish it, my darlings." And they stum bled out very awkwardly, startled to meet their father's look as they turned round and greatly disturbed and mystified altogether, though consoled somehow by their mother's look. _ , They said to each other after a while that she looked ''jolly bad," but that she was in such good spirits it must be all right. Their father was as much mystified as they ; but he was troubled in conscience, as if he had not spoken plainly enough, had not made it clear enough what " her state " was. Sim had not asked for the clergyman; she had not asked for anything. "Was it necessary that he should speak again ? There was one thing she had near her, but that so fantastic a thing !—a photograph, one of the (quantities of such rubbish the girls and she had brought home — a woman wrapped in a mantle floating in the air. " Take that thing away," he Eaid to Moulsoy. It irritated him to see a frivolous thing like that—a 'twopenny-halfpenny photograph—so near his wife's bed. "Don't take it away," she said in a whisper to which her voice had sunk, "it gives me such pleasure." " Pleasure!" he cried, even to speak of pleasuro was wrong at Buch a mement; and then he added, "Would you like me to read to you? Would you like to Beo— anyone "To see anyone? Whom should I wish to see but you, Edward, and the children "We haven't been—so religious, my dear, as perhaps we ouehb," stammered the anxious man. If I sent for—Mr. Baldwin perhaps, to read the prayers for the sick and—and talk to you a little." She looked at bim with some wonder for a moment and then she said with a smile, "Yes, yes; by all means, Edward, if you will like it." "I shall certainly like it, my dearest, and it is right—it is what we should all wish to dp at the " He could not say at the last—he could not say when we are dying—it was too much for him, but certainly she must under stand now; and. he went away hurriedly to call the clergyman that no more time might be lost. "Moulsey," said Mrs. Kingsward, "have we come then quite—to the end now':" " Oh, ma'am ! Oh, my dear lady !" Moulsey said. " My husband—seems to think so. It is a little hard to leave them all. Where is Bee?"' "Iam here, mamma," said a broken voice, and the mother's hand was caught and held tight, as she liked itto be. " May Betty come too':" "Yes, let Betty come. It is you I want, nob Mr. Baldwin." , "Mr. Baldwin is a good man, ma'am. Ho'i be~a comfort to them and the colonelB " Yes, I suppose so; ho will be a comfort >( —your father. But 1 don't want anyone. I haven't done very much harm " "No! oh no, ma'am, none," said Moulsey, while Betty, thrown on her knees by the bed side, tried to smother her sobs, and Bee, worn out and feeling as if she felt nothing, sat and hsld her mother's hand. "But then," she said, "I've never, never done any good." "Oh! my dear lady, my dear lady ! and all , the poor people aud all the children." "Hush! Moulsey. 1never gave anything ! —not a bit of bread, not a shilling—but because I liked to do it. Never! oh, never! from any good motive. I always liked to do it. It was my pleasure. It never cost mo anything. I have done no good in my life. I just liked the poor children, that was all, and thought if they were my own—oh ! Bee and Betty, try to be better women—different from me." Betty, who was so young, crept nearer and nearer on her knees till she came to the head of the bed. She lifted up her tear-stained face, "Mother! oh, mother! are you frightened':" Ehe cried. Mrs. Kingsward put forth her other arm and put it feebly round the weeping girl. "Per haps I ought to be—perhaps I ought to be !" she said with a little thrill and quaver. " Mother," said Betty, pushing closer and closer, almost pushing Bee away, "if I had ) been wicked, ever so wicked, I shouldn't be I frightened for you." ! A heavenly smile came over the mother's' face. " I should think not indeed." j And then Betty, in the silence of the room, I put her hands together and said very softly, "Our Father, which art in heaven—" j lt "Oh, children, children," cried Moulse3', don't break our heart3! She's too weak to1 hear it. Leave her alone." "Yes, go away, children dear, go away. I] , have to rest—to see Mr. Baldwin." Then she ! smiled and said in gasps, " To tell the truth— I m I'm not afraid: look—" She pointed to the picture by her bedside. "So easy—so easy! just resting—and the Saviour will putout' his hand and take me in." Mr. Baldwin came soon after, the good rector, who was a good man, but who believed he had the keys, and that what he bound on earth was bound in heaven—or, ad least, he thought he believed so—with Colouel Kings ward, who felt that he was thus fulfilling all' righteousness and that this was the proper way in which to approach the everlasting doors. He put away the little picture in which Cathe: rine of Sienna lay in the hold of the ange'.s in the perfect peace of life accomplished, the rest that was so easy and so sweet—hastily witlij displeasure and .contempt. He did not wish tiie rector to see the childish thing in which his wife had taken pleasure, nor even that she had been taking pleasure at all at such a solemn moment; even that she should smile the same smile of welcome with which she would have greeted her kind neighbor had she been in her usual place iu the drawing-room disturbed her husband. So near death and yet able to think of that! He watched her face as the rector read the usual prayers. I)id she enterinto them, did she understand them': . Ho could scarcely 3°m in them himself in his anxiety to make sure that she felt and knew what was her "state," and was preparing—prepaving to meet her (rod. That God was awaiting severelv the appearance of that soul before Him the colonel could not but feel. He would not have said so in words, but the instinctive conviction in his heart was so. When she looked arouud for the little picture it hurt him like a sting. Ob, if she would but think of the things that concerned her peace—not of follies, childish distractions, amusements for the fancy. On hor side the poor lady was conscious more or less of all thai was going on, understood here and tnere the praveis that were going over her head, prayers cf "others for her, rather than anything to be said by her self. In the midst of them she felt herself ■already like St. Catherine, floating away into ineffable peace, then coming back. again to hear the sacred words, to see the little circle round her on their knees, and to smile upon them in an utter calm of weakness without pdUf feeling only that they were good to her, thinking of her, which was sweet, but knowing little more It was the most Ferene and cloudless nmht after this terrible day. A little after Colonel Kingsward had left the room finally and shut • himselE up in his study, Moulsey took the two girls out into the garden through a window ■which opened upon it. "Children, go and j.breathe the sweet air. I'll not have you in a froom to break your hearts. Look up yonder— | yonder where she's gone," said the kind nurse I who- had done everything for their mother. And they stole out—two little ghosts, overborne with the dreadful burden of humanity, the burden which none of us eau shake off, and crept across the gracs'.to the seat where she had been used to sit among the children. .The night was peace itself not a breath stirring, a young moon with something wistful in her light looking down, making the garden bright as with a softened ethereal day. A line of white cloud dimly detached" from the softness of the blue lay far off towards the west amid the radiance, a mug faint line as of something in the far dis tance. . Bee and Betty stood and .gazed at it with eyes and hearts overcharged, each leaning upon the other. Their young souls were touched with awe and an awful quiet. They were too near the departure to have fallen down as yet into the vacancy and emptiness of reawakening life. "Oh," they said, "if that should be her!" And why should it not be": U mess perbaps'tbere was a quicker way. They watched it with that sob in the throat which is of all sounds and sensation the most over whelming. It seemed to them as if they were watching her a little further on her way, to the very horizon, till the. soft distance closed over and that speck like a sail upon the sea could be seen no more. And when it.iwas. gone they sank down together upon her seat under the trees she loved, where the children had played' and tumbled on the grass aboat her And talked j v~m bcokpn words, a little phrase now and tbeD, sometimes only "Mother" or "Oh. mamma, mamma,*' now from one, dow froni another -in that first extraordinary exaltation and anguish which is not yet grief. They did not know how long they had been there when something stirred in the bushes aud the two big boys, Arthur and Fred, came heavily into sight holding each other by the arm. The boys were bewildered, heavy, and miserable, not knowing what to do with them selves nor where to go. Bub they came up with a purpose, which was a little ease in the trouble. It cost them a little convulsion of-reluctant crying before they could get ou what they had to say. Then it came in brokei words from both together. "Bee, there' someone wants to speak to you—at the gate." i "Oh, who could want to speak to me—"to night 2 • Icannob speak to. anyone; you migh have known." ° : " Bee," said Arthur the eldest, " it isn't jus —anyone; its , we thought you would per haps " " Ha told us," said Fred, " who he was anc begged so hard " Then there came back upon - poor Bee all the other trouble that she had pushed away from rlr' fir ^earC S6em.ed to grow hard and cold after all the softening and tenderness of this dreadful yet heavenly hour. " I will see no one, no one," she said. Bee, said the boys, " we shut the gate upon him, but he took hold of our hands aud and cried too." They had to stop and swallow the sob before either could say any mope- He said she was his best friend. He said he couldn't bear it no more than us. And if you would only speak to bim— Bee got up front her mother's eeat, lies' poor little heart swelled in her bosom as if is would burst. Oh, how was she to bear all this, to bear it all, to have no one to help her. '' No, no, I will not. . I will not," she said. "Oh. Bee," cried Betty, "if js is Aubrey poor Aubrey She was fond of him. She would not like hint to be left out.- Oh, Bee, <:ome, come and speak to him. Suppose oue of us were alone with nobody to say mother's name to." "No, I will not,"-said Bee. " Ob, Betty, mother knows why—site knows." " What does she knowcried Betty, plead ing. . "She was. fond of him. I am fond of him without thinking of you for mother's sake." " Oh, let me go ! I. am going in; I am going to her. I wish, I wish she had taken mo with her.' No—no—110—I will never see him more." "I think," said Betty to the boys, pushing them away,- "that erie is not quite herself. Tell him she is not herself. Say she's not ablo to speak to anyone, and we can't move her. And—and give poor Aubrey—oh, poor Aubrey ! my love." The boys turned away on their mission,' crossing the gravel path with a commotion of their heavy feet which seemed to (ill the air with echoes. Colonel King sward heard it from his study, though that was closed up from any influence outside. Ho opened his window and came out, standing a black figure surrounded by the moonlight. "Who is there?" ho said. "Aro there any of you so lost to all feeling as to bo out 111 the garden of all nights in the world on this night?" (2o be continued, j 