The Advertiser FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1892. THE First of September has been for so long dedicated to the celebration of the eight hours system, which is the chief event of the day, that many people have forgotten that the holiday is still, by Act of Parliament, in honor of the Duke of Edinburgh's birthday. The change of date, which was made in order to avoid the inconvenience of two holidays occur- ring close together, the latter widely ob- served though not officially gazetted, has practically given Labor Day a statutory consecration. The importance of the occasion is suitably recognised by the presence at the labor carnival of members of the Legislature, Ministers of the Crown, and even the Governor himself. It is surely one of the most gratifying in dications of the completeness of the victory won by the supporters of the eight hours principle that the frtiniiflj demonstration should enlist such widespread sympathy, and that the highest dignitaries of the State should feel at perfect liberty to lend their direct countenance to the rejoicings. The sac cess of yesterday's proceedings left nothing to be desired. The weather was simply perfect, the spectacular effect of the pro cession of workers was impressive as it always is, and the holiday arrangements were carried out in an unexceptionable manner. There was positively nothing to mar the satisfaction with which the splendid demonstration was regarded ex cept it were the reflection, which unfor tunately would intrude, that the terrible labor struggle at Broken Hill is still unfinished, and casts its baneful shadow far and wide. The great strike does Dot turn in any way upon the question of short hours, so that as between it and the celebration of the eight hours principle in South Australia no direct relationship could be traced. But it is one of the incidents of the many sided labor movement, all the varied aspects of which 'naturally come under observation at such a time, .and it was scarcely to be expect£& that it could be excluded either from'men's thoughts or their speeches. The strike is a conspicu ous example of the disturbances that con tinually arise in the relations between employers and employed, of the disaster that occurs before readjustment is effected, and of the costliness and the cruelty of almost the only methods now available for the settlement of the wages and con ditions of labor when disputes take place. It is not surprising, then, that it supplied a text for moralising, and that the jubila tion appropriate to Labor Day hid mingled with it a note of sadness which the most cheerful and the most hopeful could not fail to hear. The thoughtful speech of his Excellency • —a speech all the more worthy of atten tion because it is free from the suspicion of any appeal to p jliticaL, party, or class feeling—dealt in an admirable spirit with some of the more important issues sug gested by the present position of the labor movement. The industrial system of Australia has not yet evolved itself beyond the barbarity of strikes and lock outs, but we may at least congratulate our selves on the absence of that intense bitter ness of feeling which in Americahas stained labor troubles with the guilt of bloodshed. Even here, however, industrial conflicts inflict injury scarcely less terrible than that of civil war, and all minds are filled with speculations as to what can be done to put the relations of employers and em ployed on a permanently better bisis. Not only is the ascertainment of the value of labor by periodical paralyois of the machinery of industry to be deplored as a process that involves untold waste, re garded merely from aa economic stand point, but the arrangements which it leads to are but transient, and meanwhile the repetition of these violent adjustments tends to accentuate the differences between classes, to act as a solvent of the cement by which society is held together, and threatens in time to imperil even the safety of the State. This is not an exaggerated view to take of the general tendency of labor troubles all over the world. His Excel lency, looking only to the evils with which we are already acquainted, sees plainly, as most of us do, that the remedy which lies nearest to hand is that of conciliation and arbitration, and he foresees that public opinion will more and more enforce resort to those expedients. One of the questions freely debated at [yesterday's gathering was the extent of the ability of the State by legislative enactment to compel employers and their workmen to adjust differences by means of arbitration. Mr. Kingston, the author of the most com pete and comprehensive scheme for the attainment of this end yet presented to any Australian Parliament, urged strongly that the State ought to have the power to prevent two great classes quarrelling In such a manner as to disturb the entire community. That proposition may be ad mitted, aud yet it remains for experience to decide whether the power which, theoretically, the State should possess can practically, and, we may add, advan tageously, be exercised. His Excellency, without referring directly to Mr. King ston's Dill, indicated a doubt whether it is within the ability of Parliament to com pel people to be friends who have firmly resolved not to come together. The doubt is not unreasonable, and it cannot be settled decisively without actual- ex periment. There are those who think, perhaps mistakenly, that Mr. Kingston's provisions for " compulsory conciliation" go too far. The horse of the paladin Orlando was everything a warrior's steed ought to be—except that it was dead. In like manner, it is complained, Mr. Kingston's skilfully drafted Bill has every conceivable merit—except that it will not work. If, however, any scheme of compulsory intervention in industrial disputes is feasible, that prepared by Mr. Kingston is surely the one. In one sentence of his excellent speech the Governor touched lightly upon an important truth, only too little regarded in these days of revolt against laissez faire and of almost extravagant reliance on the powers of Government. Parlia ment, said his Excellency, can do much. It can help by removing obstacles, even if nothing more be possible. But "the mainspring of impulse towards a better state of things must come from a higher conception of duty." We hear in this an echo of Mazzini's significant appeal for the enthronement of duty in the place of right. The economic aspect of all phases of the great labor question receives the principal share of attention, but the moral aspect is comparatively neglected. The excessive regard for the purely ma terial triumphs ot civilisation, and the almost universal passion for material well being on which De Tocqueville com mented, tend to dwarf the moral element in life, and thus to produce partial and unnatural views of the duties men owe to each other merely as moral beings. Re formers rely on the agencies of force too much. The old liberalism, as Mr. Glad stone has pointed out, has pretty well come to the end of its tether with the completion of the work of emancipation, and to a great extent constructive rather than liberating work must no doubt occupy the future. But those who rely so confidently on the law to secure an im proved adjustment of social relations are apt to forget how feeble an instru ment the law is to effect re form unless its decrees find support in the moral feeling of the nation. One of the most familiar objections to what is called paternal government is that "it narrows the room for the self-imposition of] duties and the play of disinterested motives." Be that as it may, there is an unlimited field open to the true reformer who will prepare for the effective assertion of rights by cultivating the individual sense of duty. Only upon that basis can we hope to rear a nobler civili sation. The telegrams which reach us regarding the progress of cholera in Europe have too surely justified the fear of those who went by past experience that the epi demic would spread to other countries before it exhausted itself in Russia. The disease is now fatally prevalent in some of the German ports, and has even been carried to Great Britain by more thin one shipload of the Russian immigrants who by thousands yearly add to the mass of pauperism in London. It is to the North Sea traffic that the epidemics in England have always been traced, and while the disease >v«is confined to Paris little fear was entertained of the pro bability of its spread to a British port. The reason is that the passenger traffic from France includes comparatively few pefSQDB of the poorer class, whereas countries iike North Germany, Holland, and Belgium nut only contribute on their own account to the squalor and poverty of English cities, but are the channels through which countries further east empty their reservoirs of pauperism, filth, and disease. For emigrants of this class Hamburg is the principal port of embarkation, and when the disease was known to have obtained a firm footing there its spread to England was only a natter of time. The Hamburg autho rities must be credited with previous alertness to the dauger, as shown by tlie provision of an encampment near the quay, where passing emigrants were detained for a few days to ensure that they were free from infection. In the cases conveyed to England the disease appears to have shown it elf at sea, and the mother coun try has again had experience of the truth that however formidable the "silver streak" may be to a foreign aggressor it is no bar to an invasion of cholera. With so many potts either infected or in danger of infection on the other side of the nar row seas separating them from the Conti nent the people of Great Britain could scarcely expect wholly to escape the visi tation, and all that could be done by the authorities was to strengthen their de fences and prepare to deal promptly with any occurring infection. Great attention has been given to sauitatiou iv the British Isles since 1873, the date of the last serious invasion of cholera, and there is a good deal to hope from the machinery of the Public Health Act, and the provision that now exists for the notification of in fectious disorders. English cities have their full share of poverty and squalor, but they must be credited with presenting fewer opportunities of contagion than most Continental countries, have been given of the sanitary condition of some of the German ports, Hamburg included, which show a neglect of the commonest precautions for the protection of the public health. The authorities in Berlin itself do not appear to have set a very good example of municipal cleanli ness, for we are told by correspondents that it is the common practice to dispose of household refuse, decaying vegetable matter, &c;, not by burning, but by simply heaping it upon waste patches of land in and about the city, thus loading the air with effluvium, and furnishing pestilence when it arrives with a ready auxiliary in its deadly work. In Continental countries there is little of the public spirit which pervades Eng lish municipalities, or the intelligent co operation of the people, without which the most active of local authorities cm do nothing, and the result is seen in the panic which the cholera has caused in foreign countries as contrasted with the calnineES with which in England its coming has been awaited. It may be regarded as certain that no English town community would, even in the event of a severe out break in its midst, behave in such a manner as that of which there have been many examples in Russia. In their ignorance and superstition the panic stricken Russians have regarded the epi demic as a divine visitation, or more often as the effect of the machinations of the doctors. At S.iratoff the popular feeling expended itself in the butchery of a whole hospital staff and the "liberation" of the cholera patients (popularly viewed as the victims of a medical conspiracy), who were turned into the streets to die. The central administration appears to have lost control over the provinces, and Russia presents the curious exhibition of towns and villages boycotting each other in their frantic terror of contamina tion. Their only conception of sani tation is to lock their gates and drive off or kill the first man, woman, or child who attempts to enter them. The special peril which has attached to the epidemic in Russia has of course been the famine which has left so many thousands of the peasantry in a feeble and emaciated con dition. But the dangers of the epi demic have been multiplied indefi nitely by the indifference of the authorities to the necessity of taking means to destroy the conditions under which cholera flourishes. To get even a rudimentary notion of sanitation into the head of a Russian townsman or villager would surely constitute a nobler ser vice to the country and to civilisation than the foundation of a dozen Russian Empires in Asia. Oddly enough the Russian peasant, who has a profound horror of a scrubbing brush and chloride of lime, has taken very kindly to the idea of inoculation for cholera. He is to be offered, it is asserted, the opportunity of being inocu lated to his heart's content by the " comma" bacillus of Dr. Koch in order to set up a very much modified state of cholera which will prevent the arrival of the real disease. Dr. Koch has gained deserved distinction by bis discovery of the bacterium which if not the cause is at least an invariable concomitant of the malady, but the testing of its cholera producing powers has always been a very difficult part of the enquiry owing to the absence of suitable subjects. In former experiments designed to pro duce cholera artificially mice hare been largely used, and these fragile creatures have readily succumbed to the effects of the noxious substances introduced into their bodies. But the question has arisen whether it was really cholera they died of, and as there is no saying what the symp toms of cholera in a mouse would be, there is no good answer to the question. It is now proposed to make a corpus vile of the Russian peasant; and as it is asserted by some of Dr. Koch's critics that the bacilli may be swallowed in moderation without producing any appreciable effect whatever, we may hope that no harm will be done to the Russian peasant by intro ducing them into his circulatory system. For us in Australia the existence of cholera in Europe is not without a personal interest, and though as we have previously pointed out there is no ground for excessive alarm, we cannot look upon the situation with indifference considering the extent of our trade relations with the old world and even with those countries well known to be the homes of cholera, and also bearing in mind the shortness of the voyage from there to here. The cholera, as will be seen this morning, has been carried 'to America by an emigrant steamer from Hamburg, aud the subtle nature of the media of con tagion is well exemplified in the measures taken by the British Government to pro hibit the introduction of rags from abroad. Our quarantine system, though perhaps not in all particulars a perfect one, may be relied upon with greater security than the regulations in vogue in some' countries in Furope, where, as ad English critic says, they are nothing but a "concession to local superstition." In Europe quarantine rules are invariably a fiuitful source of international irritation, while they induce a fatal negligence in respect of what is the true safeguard against disease, viz., municipal cleanliness. The days are past when epidemics could be regarded except by the densely stupid populace of a Russian town as "visitations" wholly outside human act, as would be an earthquake or a cyclone. They are now regarded as merely forms of wholesale suicide, sani tary science having provided an efficient means of protection against their effects. Apart from destroying the power of the pestilence sanitary science has been from another standpoint a potent preventive against cholera, viz., as inspir ing confidence and so diminishing popular fright which in barbarous countries has been nearly as fruitful a cause of death as the disease itself. To gether with that scourge we learn a curious legend has found its way fromjPersia to Europe. It tells of a Persian priest who was overtaken in a morning ride by a ghost-like apparation which introduced itself as the spirit of cholera, and in formed the terrified man that it was on a pilgrimage to the nearest town. " How many will you slay ?" asked the priest. " Five hundred," said the figure, pro mising not to exceed that number. Pre sently the cholera appeared and destroyed 3,000. Soon afterwards the priest met the cholera ghost and reproached it with faithlessness. ••Not so," was the reply ; *' I have slain only 500, the others died of fright." Compulsory vaccination is one of those departures from the theory of laissezfaire in State action which is, more than ever before, a subject of controversy. There is no doubt that vaccination, i.e. the inoculation of the human subject with a disease, is in itself an evil. Its sole justi cafcion is that it guards against an evil of infinitely greater consequence alike to the individual and to the community. But the effect that it has in that direction is, to some extent, an open question. Prior to the general introduction of Jenner's prophylactic treatment numerous experi ments were made which were held to demonstrate that after effective and thorough vaccination inoculation with the virus of smallpox might be practised with impunity. The comparative immunity since enjoyed by vaccinated communities from a disease that previously had been responsible for one-twelfth to one-eighth of all the deaths in Europe, and from an attack of which scarcely anyone escaped, has gone far to support the ortho dox belief that Jenner discovered a true preventive. The disappearance of smallpox as a scourge has certainly, how ever, been assisted by the general im provement in sanitary conditions, and there are many who think that the im portance of this contributory cause has not been sufficiently estimated. The anti-vaccinists make capital of the rela tively recent medical discovery of the necessity of re-vaccination to ensure complete protection, as involving an abatement of the original claims on be half of the preventive treatment. It seems, however, to be indisputable that even if a person only once vaccinated is attacked by smallpox at any time the disease runs a modified and milder course, and the general argument in favor of the virtues of vaccination is not greatly affected by the fact that in certain vases it may be desirable to repeat the operation. It is probable that the oppo sition to compulsory vaccination would not be nearly so difficult for the law to deal with were it not for the popular dread that with cowpox other diseases may be inoculated. The risks attend ing arm-to-ann vaccination are un questionably much exaggerated. Almost the only danger is that of communicating a syphilitic taint, and this is almost in appreciable when the operator takes due precautions. Nevertheless as the conse quences of an accident, rare as it may be, are exceedingly serious, it is indefensible to compel vaccination uuless the right is given to select a method absolutely free from risk. Mr. Ash's Bill, read a second time in the Assembly on Wednesday with the approval of the Government, proposes to give that right. It provides that a parent may require calf lymph to be used, and exempts him from penalties for refusing to have his child vaccinated with humanised lymph. The use of bovine lymph, it is generally understood, ex cludes the possibility of infection with the disease already mentioned. Humanised lymph is usually preferred by medical practitioners, partly because the local effects of vaccination are not so severe as when lymph taken direct from the calf is used, but that is no reason why under a law of compulsion the option should not exist. The negligence of an operator in Prussia who vaccinated a number of children with syphilitic lymph led to the appointment of the German Com mission in 1883, on whose urgent recommendation vaccination with human lymph was abolished throughout the empire, and pure calf lymph intro duced instead. A good medical man is not careless, but individuals who wish to be absolutely safe may fairly claim to be put entirely beyond the reach of danger from negligence if vaccination is enforced by law. The question remains what will be done, if the Bill is carried, to ensure a continuous and sufficient supply of calf lymph. Until recently, at any rate, the only vaccine institution in the colonies capable of regularly supplying a good, pure, vigorous lymph direct from the calf was that at Hastings, New Zealand. We do not know whether better arrangements now exist, but the prospect that Mr. Ash's Bill will be carried points clearly to their necessity. Even if the option to employ bovine lymph is not used to any great ex tent, it would be an advantage to be pro vided with a trustworthy supply of calf lymph for renewing the stock of humanised lymph on which the general practice of arm-to-arm vaccination depends. Magnificent weather favored holiday-mikerj yesterday, and consequently all public eater tainments were largely attended. The principal event of the day was of course the Sight Hours Celebration on the Alberton Oral, whiob proved a great success. A large numberof people ware present at the S.A.J.C. meeting at Morphett vilie, while the Adelaide Oval had a crowded attendance to witness the football matoh be tween the South Adelaides and Port Ade laides, the result of which was a victory for the former, 'thus pl?™«?{? them in the position of premiere for the season. The dog and poultry Bhow in the Exhibition Building was well patronised, while the Botanical Gardens and the Zoo both attracted a considerable number of visitors. During the whole of the day the trains and trams were crowded with excur sionists and picnic parties. AU the entertain ments in the evening were well patronised, and in the country the holiday passed off with eioctss. Though one or two accidents are reported- none of them proved terious. In the course of his budget speech Mr. Holder informed the Assembly that the figures of his finaccitJ ttatemtnt were based upon the assumption tbat the coining harvest would average 5 buehuls to the acre. Daring a con versation with one of our reporters Mr. J. Miller, fit. P., who has a very wide knowledge of the farming districts of the province, ex pressed the opinion that the Treasurer's harvest rctimate would be exceeded if the favorable weather lately experienced be repeated later in the Beaton, while Mr. J. U. How<j? M.P., also thicks that the yield will ba more than 6 bushels to die sere. The Mayoress of Adelaide will bold • raoep -1 tion in the Town Hall on a day next week, of whioh doe notice will be given. The beautiful statue of Venus, whioh bag been presented to the Corporation of aJblm^ by Mr. W. A. Horn, M.P., and which has been erected in the reserve on North-terraoe opposite the entrance of Government House, will be formally unveiled to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock by the mayoress (Mrs. Bollodk), who will perform the ceremony at the special request of the donor. A distinguished com pany of citizens baa been invited to be present to give eclat to the occasion. The manager of the Leigh's Creek Coal Com pany stated in an interview yesterday that the bore is still in coal, having passed into an 11 ft. Beam, and that the coal is of the best quality. The Executive have granted loans under the Vt-rmin-pioof Fencing Aot to the following district councils :—Laoepede, £30; Mount Muirhead, £124; Rhyme, £43; Stookport, £13; Lincoln, £92. The S.M.S. Parramatta brought a large number of Anglo-Indians, principally military officers, to the colonies. The visitors are on pleasure btnt. The South Australian Dog and Poultry Society's show was brought to a conclusion at the Jubilee Exhibition on Thursday, and all day a constant stream of visitors passed in to inspect the fine collection of birds arid dogs on view. The show was one of the moat euooessf ul the society has held, and the patronage given by the public goes to prove that this organisa tion ib one of the roost useful in the colony. The dogs were a particularly fine lot, and Mr. Conpe, the Melbourne judge, states that there wp<; a very marked improvement in this feature of the show as compared with that of last year. He said this was especially notioe able among the collies, the spaniels, both cooker and field, the former in particular, and the St, Bernards. Aocording to Mr. Coops none of the St. Bernards is able to defeat Sir E. |T. Smith's fine specimen of this bread, Fairfax, elthongh many ol them went closer tban was the case 12 months ago. Mr. O. H. Angas showed a very fine fox-terrier pappy under 12 months, who won the first in his class and also the speaiaL He is a beautiful dog, but bis markings are different to the general run of this breed. Those well-known breeders of St. Bernards, the Messrs. Williams, exhibited a litter of puppies by Leo—Cluster. Leo is by the imported dog St. Leonards, out of^Enid, whilst Cloister is sired by Young Bruce 11., the dam being Lady Adelaide, co that it will be seen that the babies are beauti fully-bred St Bernards. They formed quite a feature of the dog show. Among the poultry thedorkinga attuoted a deal of attrition, as they were the finest seen in a show for many years. Mr. W. Oaborne, a well- known breeder, exhibited a dorking cook and ben, both im ported, whioh attracted the notice of poultry fanciers. The hen in particular was one of the finest birds ever shown in the oniony. .The show proved a great suooess, and for this credit is due to the committee who rendered the secretary (Mr. J. R Gooden) valuable assis tance, the hon. treasurer (Mr. Ed. Hall) with the secretary working with untiring zeal. On Thursday evening an explorioa of gas took place in a lamppost on the Fort-road, Hindmarsh, near the bridge over the Torrens, and luckily tbe lamplighter (Mr. J. Odgers) escaped without being injured. Mr. Odgers was lighting the lamp.when it appaixa that the caetiran post must have been charged wish gas which esoapsd at a joint dose to the meter, whioh is enclosed in the_bottom of the lamppost. Tbe force of the exploaon broke away a portion of the outiron door at the bottom of the post, and forced it some distance across tbe Port toad. Mr. Odgers's custom is toet- Jid in front of the castiron door when lighting the lamp, but fortunately he was not in that position when the accident happened. On Wednesday Mr. H. Savage submitted to the speaker of the Union Parliament a list of the new ministry and the named having been approved appointments to portfolios were made as follow:—Premier and commissioner of crown lands, Mr. Henry Savage; chief secre tary, Mr. A. Odgers; treasurer, Mr. W.Swd over, jun.; attorney- general, Mr. J. Moes Solomon; commissioner of pablio works, Mr, W. S. Bickfjrd; minuter of education and agriculture, Mr. W. C. Calder, jun. The opening of the Royal Albert Hall, Phillip-Btreet, South wark, was celebrated on Wednesday evening by a oonoert, at whioh there was a good attendance. An overture was played by the orchestra, and songs were (riven by Misses Simmons and Daley, Messrs. Hosking, J. Le Dann, and A. Armsbrnster. The Adelaide V.V. Liederkranz sang two quartets, Heir Blanck gave two zither solos. Miss Klaebe a violin solo, and Me Gooley a solo on the cornet. Messrs. A. Bauer and W. Ferris appeared in a plantation song and dance, and Messrs. Le Dann, Williams, and Bitoher in a character song and daooe. A ball followed, when dancing was entered upon with spirit. There was a large assemblage at Salisbury on the occasion of Mrs. Sargeanfs burial last Sunday. The deceased was well known botu in North Adelaide and Salisbury, where she formerly resided for many years. Her con nection with the Aroher-fttreet Wesleyan Cbnroh and her genial character rendered tier popular, and there was a long cortege from Che house in Gover-street to Salisbury, where the procession arrived at 3.30, being mat by the Rev. J. W. Mouland, who conducted tbe Barvice in the Primitive Methodist burial ground. A favorite faymn of tbe deceased's—"Book of Ages"—was song at tbe grave, where several of the leading members of Aroher-s?reet Wes leyan Church and a great number of Salisbury residents were gathered. The beautiful variety of wreaths on the coffin testified to the regard in which the late Mrs. Sargeant was held. The funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. LcCornu. We have received from Mr. T. MoGaon, of Leigh-street, a photograph of the Parlia mentary party who visited Boseworthy Col lege last week. There are 31 persons in the picture and in each case an excellent likeness has been obtained. The funeral of Mrs. Thomas Rowe, a colo nist of 44 years, took place at the Hindmarsh Cemetery on Wedneadayaftontoon. Amongat the number of persons around the grave were several old colonists. The burial service was read by the Rev. Joseph Nicholson. Tbe monthly meeting of the Adelaide W.C.T.U. will be held at the Reohabite hall this afternoon. The committee of the Colonel Light monu ment fund will meet in the mayor's reception room this afternoon. The director for technical art will lecture at the School of Design on the "Art of the Yellow man" on Wednesday next. The inauguration meeting of the Railway Christian Mission of South Australia will be held at the Victoria Hall to-night. His Honor the Chief Justice will preside. Mr. T. Forsaith will lecture in oonneotion with the B.A. Chamber of Manufactures on "Management of the steam-engine" at the Eastern AntH^ra of the Exhibition Building this evening. The omth animal oompstitun in connection with die Literary Societies' Union will be held in tbe Town Hall on Thursday, August IS. His Excellency the Governor will preside. The preliminary competition in the third division will take place this evening in the Baptist lecture-ball, Parade, Norwood. 