Charters Towers. There is bat little to record this week, two days' holiday having intervened. A large section of the community on Mon day visited the encampment ground at Macrossan Bridge, bat considerable disappoint ment was experienced at having to pay full railway fores, although no announcement had been given that there would he excursion fares. However, toe people got there all the same. The holidays, of coarse, interfered with the Exchange operations, but not with work at the mines. The amateur performance lately given bv the. Brilliant Comedy Company in aid of the building fund of the new convent, yielded to the latter £55, which has been gratefully acknowledged by the Rev. Father Comerford. The first Caledonian hall was quite a success. The boxing match, Steve O'Donnell to knock Dick Gard out in eight rounds, was simply a fiasco. Gard was practically finished in the first round, but managed to reach the third. He had not the ghost of a chance against O'Donnell. The two days' holiday passed off well, and considering the population, the complete order maintained was astonishing. A ** drunk" was 'he exception. Two days' racing at the Queen's Birthday meeting woe a big order successfully accom plished in eveiy particular. The fact that £9,850 went through the totab'sator shows there is still corn in Egypt. That amount would have been largely supplemented but for the absence of men at the encampment on the first day, and the hundreds of visitors witnessing the military operations at Macrossan Bridge, and the 10 per cent to the club amounted to the prizes given. Racing matters at Charters Towers are evidently carried on efficiently, and the club's committee consists of the right men in the right place, devoted to straight sports. The annual picnic commemorating the anni versary of the Primitive Methodist Sunday school took place at Mosman'a paddock on Tuesday, when a large number of children and friends spent a most enjoyable day. The Salvation Army Band attended, adding con siderably to the success of the outing. On Wednesday evening a public meeting was held in the church, Mr. J. Millican presiding. In addressing the meeting Mr. Millican, amongst other matters, alluded to the growing youths, from 14 to 17 years old, on this field having nothing to do, there existing a prejudice to their employment in the mines. 