JpflS Or a trusty and well-beloved Wand Holt appears to have made up his mind to keep up with the procession in the way of a succession of novelties. His latest hig production is by Sims and Buchanan, and is entitled "The Trumpet Call." The drama has had a great run in London and scored a success in Sydney. Its production at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening was also a brilliant success, and it should have a very lengthy run here--that is, if anything except bills will run in these depressed times. "The Trumpet. Call " is much above the average of this class of drama. The whole of the ten commandments are not broken in each of the four acts, and the leading villain is not an aristocrat.ii. libertine with faultless clothes and a heavy black moustache, who is always informing the audience in confidence that if ho can er-secure the er-girl, the estates will become his property—"she must, she shall be liisn'." Sims and Buchanan mane a bold bid for originality when they deposed that sonien hat tiresome individual, and gave the chief villainy to one of the female characters. Although a fair and frail young party with spiritual leaning towards clairvoyance, it must be admitted that she gets through her villainy in a good and business-like manner. From such information as we can gather, a party by the name of Cuthbertson has loved matrimony not wisely, hut too well, for in his green and salad days, long before tho rising of the curtain on the first act he married a gay and lestive member of the other sex. This young ady was warm property, so decidedly warm that lier conduct was too tropical for Cutliy. There was a separation, and in due course Cuthy hears that she is dead. We will not insult the \- . . , , . „ . . , intelligence of our readers by informing them t hat the wicke^d woman has really kicked the uucket. Jlienrst husband or-wife, as tho case maybe I)L, is ihaj»aj» always beiagreporteddefunct neingrcponeaaetunci, butthey ouruiej for Cutliy and refuses bis consent, whereupon the dutiful Constance determines to do without the paternal blessing, and elopes with the amorous ( utliy. 1 his much of the thickening forth, plot is supposed to have been put in the ]>ot before the overture begins. * * # * flavo Cuthy and Coiistance havingadded to their folly by increasing the census return to the village at the same time that a travelling showman named Professor Giunifer brings his caravan along, Amongst his congress of wonders is a- clairvoyante called .Astra;!, who is the first Mrs. Cuthbertson come back to life. AU Cuthbertson's fat is in the fire, aud when he realises the equivocal position of Constance and the boy. he enlists tnr a soldier, under an assumed name, of course, Equallv, of course, he distinguishes himself, aud gets the Victoria Cross. It is now Constance's turn to chip in. She, too. hears that Cuthy is dead, and consequeutlv listens to the earnest entreaties of her cousin, Dick Fea'herstone, and a marriage is arranged to take place, There is no one to make any objection, for Cuthy bplieves that Astraja was his lawful wife, and that the marriage with Constance was illegal, •lust as the fatal knot is about to be adjusted round the young pair Astraia turns up, considerably the worse for wear, aud avows that when she married Cuthy she had another husband living. In fact, everybody seems to have a first husband or wife. Astraia's confession may bo said to have straightened things out, aud it is to be presumed that Mr. and Mrs. Cuthbertson live happily ever afterwards. •intr and wicked Astra;* is talfen by M?ss Edith Ulandei •indn and it is no exag- exa^geration to say that in it she rose to greatnesl In appearance, speech and action she fully realised the authors conception. of a worthless woman who drifts lower and lower—a woman ot strong passions and relentless natu^ Miss kind, Hlande and s voice enabled is the actress to give for that finishing touch to the character which made its representftticm siuiply perfect. Miss Katfl liJishop, it noed hardly ho said, was at home thoroug* hly in the part of the suffering Constance, and Mrs. Bland Holt was as natural, bright and cheery a Lavinia Ginnifer as the most exacting of playgoers could require. Miss Flora Anstead played admirably as the landlady upon whoso heart and pub. Professor Ginnifer makes a descent early in • - •• „ .„ «,, . . advantage than as Professor Ginnifer. This is saying a good deal when it is remembered that he has a long record of successes. Mr. Charles Glenney was as effective as might have been expected as the much-married Cuthbertson, A1L. TT, IV„ r„ndn,.Pd tho nart of Dick Whilst Ml. Hovie renoeiea tlie parr 01 Ullli Featherstone, who wants to take up part ot Cutliv's marriage contracts, in his usually effective manner. The cast of characters is a long one, but it is well filled, even down to the with the audience. &x; wife in the Doss-house being highly dramaticaud effective, Mr. Harry Norman, as TOJU Dutton, save an excellent account of himself as pretty Lavinia's sweetheart, and was a great favourite Mr. E. B. Russell, as old barton, Mr. Glover, Colonel Featherstoue, and Mr. Baker, as Milligan, achieved success, and Miss Lucy Moore played the little Cutliy in a bright and intelligent manner. Tim scenery was furnished by Mr. George Gordon and worthily sustained that artist's high reputation. Mr. Holt is to be complimented upon the generally creditable effect of the production. , There can .be no doubt that Mr. Geo. Rignold a genuine lover of ShakestM>are, • . , and , as ho dis- P ^ that • affection ~ • .n a practical • • way by ' mounttho w0 1 ' ks of tbe S rellt dramatist m a mag- h ing the works ot tbe great dramatist m a magmficently elaborate manner, no one will grudge , him the artistic and financial success which up to now he has thieved His last production is "A Midsummer Night s Dream. Hie play has been slightly altered for stage purposes, certain transpositions being made, and as presented by Mr ili'T-nold the comedv has been compressed into three acts. No sacrilegious liberties have been taken'with the text, and if the ghost of Shakespeare could see his "Dream" as it has been staged with modern appliances at the Prillcess' Theatre there is no doubt that the shade would thankfully slap the broad shoulders oi G. R , and exclaim— " Well done, thou good and faithful student." A *' book of the play " has been published, and in the \ preface Mr. Kignold says of Shakespeare— " His works vorks 1 no longer spell ' ruin' to the theatre. Atany rato.my previous ventures, in this direction have resulted satisfactorily to the public, and in a financial Sense, at least, to myself." This is pleasant. information since it comes from one qualified to speak, for it will be remembered that Henry V. for some years devoted his attention t" modern drama andi although eminently successful therein, has returned to Shakespeare-and finds that h(. cau make it pav. Bully for George, * # » * Further than this. He has abandoned the role of the great hero and tho suffering " Youth " who US(V-j to monopolise all the limelight, and now limkts u p and act3 in a mann01. that prows his — — • • ^ if T " f ^ r Hem.y the Fitth and Bottom the weaver, yet _o{ the comp.iny ot ho^t tradesmen who wouId he Thbspians for the special revels at the dueal ,reddin{f W!ls exceedingly droll, and kept the audience in a constant simmer of merriment, He has aiught the true flavour of Shakespearian humour, and -better still-is able to impart the rto the audience. So tnnch for Mr. Rignold's share as an actor. As a manager he is even more worthy of praise, for he has placed "A Midsumnier Night's Dream " in a framework worthy of the airy, fairy comedy. He has secured a capital company, he has used Mendelssohn's musical setting, he has secured some excellent scenic illustrations, and he has costumed.the play handsomely and effectively-.The scenery is especially praiseworthy- I bo loresc scenery by Mr. Spoug seemed especially suitable as V background for the King, Queon and Court of the fairies, whilst the interior ot iheseus palace, by Mr. Clint, called forth marked and well-deserved recognition at the hands of the audience. The songs aud music formed a pleasing feature of tbe evening's entertainment. AU the ladies and gentlemen ill the cast acquitted themselves with much credit. One of the most arduous parts in the piece, that of the trickey Puck, was entrusted to little Mabel Russell, and she played it so well as to surprise her warmest admirers. Miss Ath'enia Claudius and Miss Blanche Lewis gave effective embodiment to tho two love-sick maidens, whilst their lovers, Denietrius and Lysander, found manly representation by Mr. Cyril Keightley and Mr. Johu Cosgrove. Tho fairy aristocracy was safe in the hands of Miss .. Watts-Phillips, . . who made a sprightly . .. Oberofl and Miss s P Qn K> wll ° look<!d tlie daintiest of W Titaaias, aurns, wh.lrt.th,« whilst. the singing «njnn,r fairies ta.r.e« found to una good vo'ce from Miss Bessie E.gnold andI M ss E« a le Miss M,nard H . p p o l ^ ^ S S t S l S , . „. ' .„ .„ ....j-^f., ,.„„,.„ ^ S t t e ^ u S d the nluck and enterprise which has resulted in for the pluck and ^ r p r * sterling and legitimate Shakespearian success, THE London Gaiety Company close their present season at the Opera House this evening. It had been intended to continue there tor another month or so, and the excellent,houses that "Joan of Arc" has drawn \yould fully warrant the original idea beingcarried out. The unfortunate burning-down of the Sydney Theatre Royal has, \- , „ . „ . . i- * 4.1 playing at the Sydney Jtoyal at tlie time ot the fire, and take tbe Gaiety Company for a short season to Adelaide. Mrs. Heere will reopeu at the Melbourne Opera House on Saturday night in " Adrienne Lecouvreur." "THK COUNTRY OIUL at tho Jirjou lias been giving unqualified pleasure to the patrons of .^lessrs. Brough and Boucicault, Miss Pattie Browne winning golden opinions for her bright sterling little favourite of the public. A uiagnificent and varied piograinuie hns been arranged, and there is no doubt that Miss Browne will receive a right-ioyal send off. " NOT GUILTY," Watts-Phillips' sensational and motional four-act drama, was produced at the lexandra Theatre on Saturday evening by he Boothman-Stark Dramatic Company. The heaper portions of the house were well filled. Not Guilty ~ deals mainly with the troubles of ilas Jarrett ne'er-do-well, afterwards Sir rmond Willoughby, and Alice Armitage, „ri,„ „,1W111 ti,„ „„,.(„;„ toddling little youngster who when the curtain ises, is just about to "kick the bucket, but that „ an obliging , locksmith turns up with a " five- pound ininirf note and eventual]v Alice childke. make: louua note, ana eventual!} Alice, cniiaike makes up her imnd to live and what, won t a sick kid do once it makes up its mind ? Things ill Southampton (where the piece opens) would appear to be in a pretty bad tate, ]nst on a par with Melbourne at present, especially when it is borne in mind that little Alice is about to pec: out on tlie score of star-vatiou. On the other imnd things, on second thoughts, seem to be pretty good especially when it is home in mind that the obliging locksmith succeeds ir. borrowing a fiver of a Mr. St. Clair, As the title suggests. " Not Guilty " deals pretty strongly in convicts burglaries and skeleton keys. We have not tbe slightest intention ot wading through this four-act plot, but we will say here that the niece was capitally played and staged, 4 a i 4.1 j . ',•! ' »«•...,,.. n "n, and reflects the greatest credit on Messrs. Booth played man and the Joe poor Stark. widow- and Miss Alice, Marion received Willis, quite who au ovation and a huge bouquet 011 her first entrance. Miss Willis made the most of he opportunities and scared heavily, becoming a favourite from the start. Why is it that metropolitan playgoers see so little of this talented ]11,jyi ,v))0 js (ug we have often stated before) without question one of the best Australian actresses in the colonies to-day 'i A1 Boothinan,. as the ne'er-do well, also received a flattering reception, and together with Miss Ruth Grey (Mrs. Al), were fiequently applauded throughout the piece. Joe Stark, as Snipe, got away with both tho part and the song, and Newton Griffiths ,,ut ,n good solid work. Mr. Meade made a good 0 kobert"Arnold, Mr. Albertsoii a - ditto St. -Elder, traded > l "' J much J ? anidls fun out of veteran a lawyer's that clerk. he is) Mr. ex- rriddy-whiskered old lawyer, ^ - flnvt-nn \- v 1 ' i]lett, Cooke and Talbot. Mr. Hill Lewis, the gentleman who in the Athena-um some time back Save his entertainment, "A Night with Gordon," played a policeman in " Not Guilty." He looked a policeman. Cliff Howard is also on the stage. Hu doesn't speak, for which possibly we're thankful. Taken on the whole, "Not Guilty " is worth seeing, and at the reduced prices the company should have prosperous times. Dick Cameron is business managing, G. H. Dines musical conductor, and Eicketts and Stelliu scenic artist and mechanist. As will be seen, all the performers are old Australian favourites. Result—a good show. Diot) Boucicault's sousational drama. '• The Flying Scud," is underlined for Saturday night next. ]'HE Gaietv Music-hall are submitting an excellent programme this week, and the novelty f getting a driuk or smoke with your ticket 6eemB to hitch on considerable like. Next Satuiday night proceedings will take the shape of a [jrand complimentary entertainment to the manager, Mr. Dau Tracey. All the leading lights 0fthe music-hall profession will assist, and there js sure to be an immense audience present, We're going, and we intend taking tbe wife and kids if it's only to see Joe Davis on the corner. We've promised the family a big treat for years past. Now we'll keep our vow. L»ltr;R audiences are the rule day and night at . 1 1 IJ both the Cyoloramas. Management, shareholder and audience alike pleased. THEUK is a big display of good things at the axworks this week, thanks to that popular and ])ainstaWing ainstaking caterer, Mr. Phil. Stuart. The attooed, man is a feature of a show that .s made p of quite a number of features A Vim, Bisumrm, Bms.-aalpliellDe So&u; g\vei the natural nut and P^A iU-lite dlootn of a perfect oomplexion, makei the skiu smootb, »upp e, healthy, cDmfonable. CJ. lab'ets. Kveryu'beie. r „ . . To CDBB HKIN DIBBASCB.— •ialpholine Lotion nnve away aU toSptTous, Pimpi0i,Bl.t0tas. aedT>wa aud Ditflgurem«nt.letvinz a cleir, spjtless ukiu.—Battus Sold everywhere. 