MR. J. H. PARNELL ON RULE! HOME Speaking at the Wicklotv Convention, Mr. John H. Parnell, who was received with loud cheers when he rose to second the vote of thanks, said:—Mr. Chairman, ladies, and gentlemen—I assure you it is with the greatest pleasure I am here before you on this evening. It is about twenty years ago that I stood, I think, in this hall, and since that tirite I have been away a great deal, but I hare kept up an interest in the Home Rule movement since its infancy. (Cheers.) I have always taken the deepest interest in it, and have always sided with the principles of my brother—(dfteers)—and I tell you now that I think there are no other principles that will gain for you all you want—that is, Home Rule. (Cheers.) I hope to.lire to see the day that you will have Home Rule in College Green. (Hear,'hear.) So long as you have not got Home Rule in Ireland you will never have industries. (Hear, hear.) It is the only succour for the Irish people now, and,, these were my brother's principles. (Chepps.) They all say that Gladstone will give you Home Rnle. Well, it is (all right; if he 'does— that is, of a proper kind. (Sear, hear.) But what will his Home Rule be P It may,be only the ghost of Home Rule. (Cheers.) . You all know what A ghost is. Gladstone's Home Rule may be a shado w that will not last. (Cheers.) He may 1 tickle you a bit, though, to find out your feelings on the subject, but X don't think it will amount to a great deal. I wish it would, though I am afraid it will not. I am afraid he is playing a "game of his own—(cheerB)—the' purpose of which nobody sees flow, but which you may all see iq a few yeprs. I hope, though, it will not.:be . long .before we have Home Rule ourselves . without asking him for it. This Agitation has done good to thf, country! (Hear, hear.) , Even if we have not got Home Rule, ,thii agitation has ,don? ggod.'.: £He people .are independent now, which thej used not to be, and tfrey have an independent Spirit in them. ., (Cheers.) . If you . had .Home Rule,, you could build factories, you could develop the deep sea fisheries,all around the coast of Ireland,,ia gr^at'^ndusjjry whioh could be enormously developed. (Hear,; hear.) Why should the,,people of Ireland die of starvation yrlien tliey have' got these abundant stores jof fooc^ in the sea at their very doors P.;'If tl^ey had Home Rule, , these fisheries could be developed so as to give employment to the women and children along the coast. Gentlemen, I am very glad to have had this opportunity of coming amongst you, and I hope it will not be the last. (Cheers.) 