A DAUGHTER OF L.ILITH The Strange' Story-,of a asl'I Lore for an Immortal( I had left rh is on the evening of the previous day and passed a long and silent night in a corner of the railway carriage. For six mortal hours I had waited at' a small station, and not until the afternoon did I succeed in finding a peasant's cart to take me to Artigues. The plain, the undulations of which rose and fell on each side of the road, and which, when I had seen it before, was smiling at the great sun, was now covered by a thick veil of snow, over which writhed the black, twisted trunks of the vines. iMy guide pushed his old horse along slowly ; we drove on, enveloped in a deep silence which was broken at intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. Sad unto death, I murmured in my heart this prayer: "IMy God -God of mercy-preserve toe from despair and let mse net commit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst not pardon! " Then I saw the sun, red and rayless, descending like a bleeding host on the horizon, and, re calling the divinesacrificeof Calvary, I felt hope enter my soul. The wheels continued to grate through the snow for some time. At last, the driver pointed out to me with his whip the s'eeple of Artigues, which stood out like a shadow mn the reddish mist. "Eh !" said the tean to me, "you get off at the ptrsonaegl You know the cure ?" " I hae known him since my childhood. He was amy master when I was at school." "He is learned in books ?" "DM. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout." "They say so. They say other things, also." " What do they say ?" "They say what they like, and I let them talk." " Well, what else ?" " Well, there are some who believe that the cure Is a sorcerer, and that he casts spells." " What nonsense I" " I say nothing, sir, myself ; but if M\\. Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts rpells, why does he read in books, then1" The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. 1 left this simpleton and followed the cure's servant, whoconducted ma to her master in the dining-room, where the table was already set. I found M. Safrac very much changed in the three years since I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, his thinness had become ex cessive, his piercing eyes shone out from his emaciated face, and his nose, which seemed larger, reached to his drawn mouth. " ily father, my father 1" I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arms; "I come to you be cause 1 have sinned. Oh, you, whose deep and mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized my soul. by showing me your paternal heart, draw your child from the brink of the precipice ! Oh, tomy only friend, save me, enlighten me I" tHe embraced me, smiled at me with that exqssisite kindness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, step piin; back a little, so as to see me better, said : " With God's help," saluting me after the fashion of hIs country. After years of distinc-, rion as professor of philosophy at Bordeaux, at Poictiers, and at Paris, he hiad asked, as an only favor, for a poor living in the country where he hand been horn and where he wished to die. Cure of Artigues for the last six years, he nracticrd in this obscure village the most hambhle piety and the most exalted science. " Watit G.,d's help. my child," heo repeated. " Your letter. announcing your arrival, moved sme deeply. It is true, then,. that you have not iorot.teon your old iiiaster ?" I started to tlirow-myselfat his feet, still stanearrinog: " Save ms. save me!" but he t';opped me with a gesture at once gentle and 'lean'," he said," "you can tell me to iosrriow what you hlarv to say.. Now warm y::urself5 Tihen we shall eat, for you must be very hungry.' 'l'he servanit placed on thie table the soup turdeen, from which rose a column of fragrant staeam. She was an old woman, whose hair was hidden undir a black silk handkerchief anid on whose wrinkled face were minth d the beauty of the peasant type and the ugliness of decrepi tude. 1 was greatly agitated ; still, the peace of the holy dwelling, the cheerfulness of the wood fire, of the white table cloth, of the decanted wine, and of the steaming dishes, gra dually took possession of me, and presently I almost foreot that I had come to the home of this priest to change the aridity of my remorse for the fertile dew of repentance. " Jean," said 3I Safrac, "you were my best pupil. Your prompt intelligence always tra velled beyond the thonsht of the master. That is why I became attached to you at once. I love boldness in a Christian. Faith must not be timid when impiety shows such indomitable audacity. Tile church to-day'l!as but lambs; she needs lions. Who will replace 4siti us the fathers and the sages whose glanoe, embraced all the sciences? Truth is like the sun,. it needs the eye of the eagle to contemnplate it." AlAh. t1. Safrac, you brought to bear on every question that eye which nothling dazzles. I remember how your opinions sometimes startled even those of your colleagues whom the sanctity of your life filled with admiration. You did not dread novelties. That was how, fur instance, you were inclined to admit the plurality of inhabited worlds." \"'What will tile timid ones say when they read my book ? " lie exclaimed, with brighten iig eyes ; "I have meditated, I have worked. Yu know that I am acquainted with Hebrew, Arastiass, Persian, and several of tihe Indian lasgouages, You know that I brought with me here a library. rich in ancient manusucripts. I lave dipped deep into knowledge of languages and thie traditions of the primitive Orient. I have just finis?hed my book on the 'Origins,' which restores and sustains that sacred inter pretation of cite Scriptures it the imminent ruail of which impious science believes already. Gid, in His intinite mercy, has willed that ecierce and faith he reconciled. .To produce this reconcihiation, 1 start from this idea The Bible, inspired hy tile Holy Ghost, tells nothing but what is true, but 'does not tell all that is true. And lhow could it tell it, since itpro-. joses, for its only object, to inform us of that which is necessary to our etdinal saltetion 1 liyond this graud design, there exists nothing for it. Its plan is as simple as it is Immense. It emorlctses the fall and the redemption. It is the divine history of man. It is complete aindhlmited. Nothing is admitted to it simply tl, satisfy profane curiosity. N ow impious srence cannot triumph for long over the sihence of (God. It is time to say: 'No; the Bible has not lied, because it has not rewealei all.' Suchisthe truth which I proclaim. Mak ing use of geology, pre-historic archbmology. sriental cosmogony, Hittite monumenas, Chal dean and Babyloniain traditions, and ancient bI-ends preserved in the Talmud, I have aflirmed the existence of preadamites, of whom the inspired author of Genesis does not speak, simply for the reason that their exisbence would not atfect the eternal salvation of the children ot Adam. Better still, a minute examination of the first chapters of Genesis has proved to me the existence of two successive creations, separated by great ages and of which the second is, Cc to speak, but the adaptation of a portion of the earth to the needs of Adam and his pos terity." He stopped for a moment, and risen, in a low voice, he resumed, with a traly religious gravity: " . MIartial Safrac - an unworthy priest, doctor of theology, subject, as an obe dient child, to the authority of our Holy ?uftlier, the Church--I affirm, with an absolute certainity- uubject always, to the asthority of Our Hols Father, the Pope, and the councils that Adam, created in the image of God, had two wives, of whom Ere was the second." These singular words drew my thoughts some what from myself, and I Westtrongly inisrested 10 them. I was, therefore, sOasisat dai appiinted when M,. Safrac, dropping his elbow en the table, said to me: " EEnoigh of this topic. Some day, perhaips, you will read m- book, which will instructuyoii on the subject. It was necessary. as 1 was in strict duty bound, to sdubmit this work to nmouseigneur and to isolicit the approbation of his grace. Thi manuscriut is now at the arch bishop's, aind I expect every momenta decision, which I have every reason to b :lieve will prove favorable."a Then the conversation becomming more famniliar, tirned oh our mutual recollrerions. *"Yes, -my child," said M. Safrac to mse, "you were the pupil of my choice. God per mits preferences when they are founded on au equitable judgment. Now, I judged at once that there was li you the making of a man andl a Christian. Not that I did not noticei great imperfections in you. You were unequal, un certain, easily disturbed. Passions; still secret smoldered in your soul. I loved you for your great restlessness, as I loved another of my pupils for differeint qualities. I cherished Paul d'Ervy for the resolute firmness of his mind and heart." At this name I turned red and then pale. I could hardly- restrain a cry, and, when I tried to answer, it was impossible for ime to speak. liL Safrac did hot seems to .notice my agita tion. ' "If my memory.is good he was your closest comrade," he added; "you have remained veiy intimate with him, have you not? I know that he entered the diplomatic service, and that he has a great future before hiim. You have in him a faithful and devoted friend." "My father," I answered, with an e:irt, "1 I will talk to you to- morrow of Paul d'Ervy and of another person." iL. Safrac presmed my hand. W? separated, and I went to the room which hlie had caused to be prepared for me. In nmy bed, perfumed with lavender, I dreamed that 1 was a child again, and that, kneeling in the college chapel, I was admiring the white and shining women with whom the seats were filled, when suddenly a voice, coming from a cloud, spoke above my head and said : "Jean, thou believest that thou doast love them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in them." YWhen I awoke in the morning I found IM. Safrac standing at the head of my bed. "Jean," he said to me, "come and hear the mass which I am going to celebrate for your sake. After the holy office. 1 will be ready to hear what you have to tell inme." The churchof Artigues is a little eanctuary in that Roman style which still flourished .in Aquitaine in the twelfth century. Restored about twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included in the primitive plan. Being poor, it still preserved, atileast its pure bareness. I joined, as well as my state of mind would permit, in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with him to the plarsonage. There webrcakfasted on a little bread aiid milk and then entered M. Safrac's room. Drawing chairs up to the fire place, above which a crucifix was suspended, he invited ime to sit down, and, having seated himself near ime, signed me to begin. Outside the snow was fall ing. "My father," I commenced, "it is tLn years since I left your care to enter the world. I have preserved my faith, but, alas! not. my purity. I need not rterace to y'ou my career ; you know it-you, my spiritual guide, the sole director of my conscience. Besides, I aim in haste to reach the event which has upset iny life. Last year, my family decided that I snould marry, and I assented' willingly. Time young girl destined for me presented all the advantages which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me--so much so that, instead of making a ' inarriage of convenience,' I was about to make a marriage of inchnation. We became engaged. The happiness and re pose of life seemed assured, 'when I received a letter from Paul d'Ervy, annouincing lis arrival in Paris from Constantinople and expres-ing a great desire to see me. I hastened t.. him and told him of my coming marriage. He congratu lated me cordially. Isaid that I countedon his being my best man, and he accepted willingly ; my marriage sas fixed for the fifteenth of Mlay, and he did not have to return to his post until the first days in June. Then the conversation turned to other topics. " 'I am doing very well,' I said, 'and you ? ' "'Oh, I!' he answered, with a smile which expressed at once joy and sadness ;'I what a change ! I am mad--a woman--Jean, I amsin either very happy or very unhappy. What can you call a happiness which has been purchased by a bad action? I have grieved, I have be trayed, an excellent friend. I have carried off from Constantinople, the- "' " My son," M. Safrac interrupted, "omit from your story the faults of others and name no one." I promised to obey, and continued as follows: " Paul had hardly finished speaking when a woman entered the room. It was she evi dently. She seemed quite at ease. I will ex press to you in a single wdrd the impression she made on me. .She did not :seem to me to be natural. I feel how obseiire this term is and how badly it. explaiins my idea ; but, perhaps, it will become more intelligible to you as you follow my story. In truth, in the expression of her golden eyes, which seemed to emit, at tiunes, showers of sparks; in the curve of her enigmatic mouth, in the tissue of her flesh, at once dark and luminous; in the play of the harsh and yet harmonious lines of her body ; in the airy lightness of her step; even 'in her naked arms, to. which invisible wings seemed attached ; finally, in her whole ardent and fluid being, I felt, something strangely foreign to human nature-something, I know not what, inferior and superior to woman such as God has made her to be our companion on this earth of exile. From the moment that I saw her, a feeling arose in my soul and completely filled it. I felt an inifinite disgust for all which was not this woman. * When he: saw her enter, Paul frowned slightly; bhut changing his mind immediately, he tried to smile. "' Leila, let me present my best friend.' " I know M. Jean,' Leila ansivered.' . "These words mnust have seemed strange for we had certainly never met before. But the accent was stranger still; if the crystal could think, it would speak so. "'Iy friend ~Tean,' added Paul, 'is to be married in six weeks.' "At,this moment Leila looked at me, and I saw plainly that her golden eyes said ' No.' "I left greatly agitated, my friend not shoarw ing the least desire to retain me. I wandered about the streets all day, my heart empty and desolate; then, finding myself, in the evening before a florist's shop on the Boulevard, I re membered my Fonailce and ennered to get a branch of white lilac for her. Hardly was the flower between my fingers when a little hand snatched it from me, and I saw Leila runnisg off, laughing She had on a shortgray dress, a gray coat, and a little round hat. This Parisian racingcostume was strangley inharmonious with the fairy-like beauty of this creature and seemed on her like a sort of disguise. Still as I saw her thus, I felt that I loved her with an inextinguishable love. I tried to catch her but she escaped me in the crowd of people and carriages. " From that moment I felt as if I no longer lived. I went several times to Paul's without seeing Leilas again. He received me pleasantly but did not speak of her. We had nothing to say to one another, and I left him sadly. Finally, one day, the valet said to Ime: 'M. d'Ervy is out;' and added, ' would you like to seemadame?' Ianswered, ' Yes.' "Oh, my father I this word--what tears of blood can never expiate it ? I entered ; Ifound her in the saloon, half lying on a divan, in a robe of golden yellow, under which she had curled her little feet. I saw her-but, no-I1 saw no more. My throat was suddenly parched. I could not epeak. An odor of myrrh and aroniatics which came from her, intoxicated me with langour and desire, as if all the perfumes of the mystic Orient had penetrated at .once my quivering nostrils. Surely she was ano natural womans foe noLhing human appeared in her.; Her faci :xpresaed no. sentinoent good or. bad, exceptiti, that of a volu,,tUOuisness aonce sicsensuiI ad :-celestial. Doubtless shebnoticed. my aiitation, for ire sently she spoke to ms6, in a voice as pure as the song of the brooks in the woods:. " ' What is the matter with you ' "'I love you madly,' I cried through my tears, as i threw'nyself at her feet..: "Then she opened her arms and cast on me a glance from hler clear and passionate eyes. ' Why did you not say so aooner ?' she said. " Hour without a name ? : It seIeni'd to me that both of us, carried awiay to. heaven, tilled it completely. I felt myself becoming the equal of .God, and- " At these words M. Safrac, who had listened to me for sone time with visible impatience. rose and stood against the chimney, holding his :,asock up to his knees to warm his legs., " You are a miserable blasphemer," he said, with a severity which was almost contempt, "and, far from detesting you crimenos, you con fo'ss them only from pride' and delectation. " Ir will listen to you no longer." I burst into tears and begged his forgiveness. Seeing that my hraility was sincere, lie allowed me to continue my confession, on' con dition ;hatl should not spare myself. - "3'y flather," I continued, "L left Leilan~torn by remorse ; but the next day she ca?le to se me, and then commenced a life which htrassed me with tortures and delights. I was jealous of Panl, whom I had wronged, and I suffered cruelly. I do not believe there is a more de basing disease than jealousy, nor one which fills the soul with more odious images. Leila did not even deign to lie to help me ; in fact, her conduct was inconceivaible. I do not forget to whom I am speaking, and I shall be careful not to offend the ears of the most venerable of priests. I will only say that Leila did not seein to participate in the love which she allowed sle to enjoy ; but she had instiiled into my whole being the poison of passion. Leila was absolutely without that which we call moral srnse. You must not believe, for all that, that she showed herself wicked or cruet; she was, on the contrary, gentle and full of pity. Neither did she lack intelligence. but her in telligence was not of the same nature as ours. She spoke little, refusing to answer all ques tious cot:cerniihg her past. She knew nothilg of those thingse which we usually know, but.. on the other hand, knew much of things of which we are ignorant. Brought up i tthe Orient, she knew all sorts of Persiant and Hindoo legeuds, which she related in a mni,' tonous clihat, with an infinite grace. 'To heair her tell of the clharming dawn of the world, sio would liase said that she was Contentltrarv with the youth of the univdrae. One day I made the remark to her. She aiswered, smail ing: 'I iam old, it is true." MI. Safrac, still standtsn before the fire, had been bending doiv itoward me fur some tine, in ao attitude of the liveliest attention. " Cotn tinue," he said. " Several times, my father, I questioned Leila in regard to her religion. She answered that she had none that. she did S:ot need any ; that her mother aud her sisters were the daughters of GC.d, and that, nevertheless, they were not bound to Him by. ny creed. She wore, suspended round her neck, a medallion, filled with a little red earth, which she said she had piously gathered out of love for her ulother." Hardly had I pronounced these words, when MI. Safrac, paleu and trembling. bounded for ward and pressed me iin his arn's. " She spike the truth !:' he cried ; "I know now iho this crea-ttnre wus. Jean, your in e'isct did not deceive you. It wa lnot awoman. Finishl-finish, I beg of you I" " My father. I have shnnti! linished. Thlrough love of Leila, I had broken illf my solemn oni gagement,. I had betrayed my beastfriend.: . thadl ol'eudi;d COd. Paul. having leturised of Leilais infidelity. wents wild with grief. He thria?ten?li to kill her, but site dlswered hirm gently: "Try it. my friend; I would like to die. hlt I cain not.' " For six months site was mine. Theo, one morning. she stilnouenced that she was going back to Persia and that sahi would see me no more. I wept, I moaned, I deculared that shele never loved me. "` No, no, my friend," she replied. genttly; Sblit how slanu' wnomuln, who lhave not loved you any more than I, have not given you that which you have received frotm n ie? You, at least, owe me some gratitude. Adieu!' "I remained two days in anger and despair. Then, mindful of the salvationu f my soul, I hastened to you, my father. I anm here ; purify, elevate, fortify my heart!--for I love her still ! " II. Safrac remained thoughtful. his hand pressed against his. forehead. "My son," lie said,'at last, "this confirns my great dis coveries; this will confound the pride of the modern sceptics. Listen to mes: We live to-day in a titme of miracles, as dlid the first born men. ,Listen, listen !:.:Adam had,.i?s ,I told you;, a' first wifo of whomit teh Bible doas' not speak, but with whom the Talnuunl makes us acquainted. She was called Lilitih. Formied not from one of his ribs, but from the red earth from wlich lie himiself was created, she was not flesh of Ihis flesh. S She left hium of her own free will. He 'was still living in innoceince when sha left him to go to these regions where thie Persians established themselves long years afterwards and whore dwelt the preadamitos more intelllgent and more beautiful than nman. She ha1d therefore, no part in the fault of our first fitther and was not sullied by the original sin ; consequently. she escaped the curse pro nounced against Eve and her posterity.' .She was exenipt from pain and death. Having io soul to save, she was as incapable-of merit as of demerit. Whatever she does slio does neither good nor evil. Her daughters, born to her from a mysterious hytnen, are immoirtallikeh, herself, and, like her, free in their.actions and in their thoughts, since thiey can neither gain nor lose before God. Now, my son, 1 recognise, by infallible .signs, the creatuire who caused your fall. This Ieila swaasi adaughiter of Lilith. :Pray; I will hear you to-morrow in I :His reimsirled •tho6ughtful fore omitlt .h' tinued : .'!: " Last night, after harnts cishhd you good itighst, I received from the letter carrier, whs-Io had been delayed .y the onot, a disagreeabl. letter. The head vicar.writes that my book lhas saddeniod monsoigneur and 'cast a glooni in-his soul ov?er the conisig joys of? Lent : This work, hie adds, is filldd with daring propdsitioha and oplnisie already condemned by the fathers. His grace could not approve 'iuneht uiwhlolesome luieubratihnl! Thlat is 'lrlat'they write mle. But I will relate yotr adventure to monseigneur; it wall prove to himi that Lilith exists and that I do notdreami." - - I bgged li. Safrac to listen to me another moment. "Leila, my fathler, gave me at part ing a piece of papyrus On twhich are traced, with the point of a stylus characters whlich I can not read. BHere is the amulet." IL Saf-ac took the li-ht sheet which I Ihanded him and examnnmmel4 attentively. •' This it sritten in .P.. ?i auguage of the goldes a'e," hIe said. after a m?.ment, "atnd may bh translated as follows: 5Z?) ." Pi OLEoLs, DAUGHTERi Or LIITIH. tll G'od, rhss to isime death,. aO4it I may sast oife. 0 l?f al *e le to the daughtiif Friend--"So yours was a case of love at first sight? " *,Mrs. Getthere--"Yep indeed!l I fell des?-: pi'aftely in love with my dear husband, the moment I set eyes upon him. I remember it as distihetly as if it were yest?irda)y. I was walkihug with papa on the bench at St. Kildsa, :wlien suddenly papa stopped, apd, pointing him out, saidt There, my d.sas a mae worth two mil~lses 