comicalities. . Slightly Fobgetful. — Judge: "Have you ever been sentenced to punishment before?" Accused: " Yes, I had to pay ten dollars once for striking a man." Judge : " Was there no other case?" Accused: " No. Yet, stay! It comes to my mind now that, l was once in goal for fifteen years." No Animal Food Foe Him.— Doctor (cheerily, to patient): "You have got along well enough how to indulge in a tittle animal food, and"— Patient (angrily): "No, you don't ! I've suffered enough already on your old gruel and slops, and I'll be hanged if I don't sooner starve than begin on hay and oats !" A Parisian Accent.— Spinster : " Have you a parrot that cau speak a little French?" Dealer : " Certainly. Madam." (To parrot.) "Polly, speak a little French for the lady." Polly: " Oui, monsieur, rosbif, dammit — how's your muzzer?" Spinster (delighted) : " Oh, I will take him!" Always Stick to the Teuth. — "James," said the milkman to his new boy, " do you see what I'm a-doin' of?." "Yes, sir," replied James— "you're a-puttm' water in the milk." " No, I'm not, James — I'm a-pouria' milk in the water. So if any cue asks you if I put water in toe milk, jou can tell 'em 'No.' Aliers stick to the truth, James." An Advantage. — Employer : " You are having a decided flirtation with the girl who has charge of our telephone wire." Truthful Clerk (with cold chills running up and down his spine, and with visions of his discharge) : " Y-e-e-s, sir. Bnt, please,eir" — Employer:;. " Well, keep it up. She will give more atten tion to our calls, if yon do." Pa Gave It Away. — Caller : "Is your mother at home, my son?" Boy: "No, mum." Caller: "Did she go out for a drive ?" Boy; " Yes, mum. Caller : " I wonder if that was her I saw just now turning the corner. What sort of a conveyance did toe go oat in? Do you know?" Boy: "Yes, mum. I heard pa say just a minute ago that she went off in a dudgeon." ' trrs afterthought. x " I'll let you know to-morrow eve." She said, and closed toe door, While Aspen, as he moved away, Thus mused the matter o'er : <( I know that I was awful skeered Before I popped, for fear She'd send me Mtin' with a ' No A ringing' in my ear. "But since Pve gone an' asked the gal, And aome to think, by jings ! Ofc fam'ly jars I've heerd 'em say That marriage of 'en brings, Aud 'bout toe sponserbilitieB It aliers has in store, I'm skeerder no w that she'll accept Than what I was before." The Wobth of His Money.— A > Stoey in Rhyme. — The war vras over, sweet peace pro claimed, and home again came the rick and maimed. But Captain Eatfire looked fairly well, and did the lion at GrubbB Hotel. A long moustache hid his tour, cold lips j n miser's heart brought to ml the tips which were expected from him (in vain) by one and all of toe lackey trati). The quondam killer of Zulus brave was now Miss Grubbs' most devoted slave. As time rolled on his love stronger grew for fair Miss Grubbs, and her money too. "He is a miser, but still, I think, he'll give me something his health to drink." Thus spoke Pat Toole, who had served for years, a horse- f. ' . marine. In the Volunteers. The captain lofiuged at the hotel floor, in careless toat .with arew sweUs more ; toe fair Mlbs Grubbs at" toe window sat mm nureed -a noveL But who is ! ld chap halted, and, with & Snap, JShot heels together and baud to" wbl . "iQod bfess youi captain ! r Siuw ypure the mto timt saved the ridgement at toe Soudahi" The captain wished toe " civilian cubs j" and, more than aU, that the fair Miss Grubbs, shouldhear how he, by some doughto deed, had served his country in time of need. He ordered Pat to let all hands know how he had managed the dusky foe ; and, thinking,: money Would oil his tongue, a " doubtful " sixpencstoPathe flung. "Ah, sir," said Pat, " well I mind toeday! Sure yon got frightened and rah away! We took the hint and we all made tracks, tod that's how you saved us from the blacks'!" : Mes. Callahan : ,4 1 want' to get 'a pair of shoes for the little bye.": Clerk: 11 French kid?" Mrs. Callahan (indignantly) : " Indada not. -He's me own son. born > an' bred in. Ameriky." Photogsapheb: 11 Ib .there Any particular Way in which you would like -to o® taken ?" Mr. Sam J ohnsing : " Yes, Bah. If dere's no dejection, I'd like to be taken, a light cream- colour." ' - about a ,coek. I am a cork. Young in years, very young. Oae day I was taken from a bundle of other corks. P at into a bottle of champagne. Sent to the hotel Continental, Paris. Thrown on toe floor of room 95. Lay there two days. Was picked up by Leon Gascon. J He tried to put me into a . bottle of absinthe. I wouldn't go in, .Was Hpuiredaiid thrown on toe JSdpr again. Kicked by Leon when he reached for his re- Louffi.»mtttt6r!nB : " " " ,lW; f"0"4-1'?®. Next day waapicked up hy a chamber-maid. Thrown out on the street. A ragpicker took me up. Sold me to a cork- " cutter. Was plaoed among other corks. Next day was trimmed, pared, till I was a very ghost of a champagne cork. Was Bold to a druggist. Put into a pint bottle of eau de cologne. - Bought by a lady. Placed in a dressing case. Confined to a trunk. 'Shipped to New York, on a train. J olted around by an express man. Taken out of the trunk, placed on the toilet table of a Prairie avenue belle. ' ' - m?thfaI y ollt and replaced each day for Began to grow spongy. Wrinkled in face. Lost my colour. Grdw smaller, narrower, shrunken. Head softened. Lower extremities withered. A prey to microbes. A tremble. A glass stopper will take my place to morrow. I go— where P 