NOVEL. A Fair Blockade Breaker. BY T. C DE LEON CHAPTER X -Oohthtokd ' Well, yon are here at last, Willie !' « bb her eager greeting. ? I've looked for you four whole day. Wbe.ro have you been ?' ' I have been quite bony,' he Misweed, formally. * I have sent daily notoi for Miss Clay, enclosed to yon.' ' And without one wori fcr me,' the girl replied, with a little pout. 'Bat, Willie, 1 u»yo waionea ior you au day, — ran down from Oaro dozens of times to see if yon had not come.' ! 'I have come now,' he answered, with what.aimod at dignity but Mruok pettUb Dessonly. 'Andl must see Mibs Olay, at onoe.' The girl stared at him, surprised, a hot flash stealing to her face and hot Trordeto her lips. But she held them bank, saying, as gently as gravely,— * And I have not seen you for four days 1' 'I saw you,' was his quick reply,— 'at the prisoners'.' f Then why. did yon not oome tome? I never once saw yon.' ' I presume not !' This was at zero-mark 4 Too were innoh better employed.' 'P.rhm.sl was; but I al»aye have time to. welcome you ? Willie, what is the matter? What have I done, that you should 'NutoingYhe interrupted, stiffly. 'Can I not see Miss Olay f It is very important ' ??* Walk into the parlor,' the girl r. plied, ooldly. Twill see if any Krvantsar, about. And, without even a glance at him, she ran lightly np-stairs. ??' She didn't seem to mind it a great deal,' Mr McKee said to himself, tainiug into the empty pMlor. 'But I was right. Shp talks one way and acts another. If it had bun one of the prisoners,- any man 1 But that follow!' And he etaredat bis angry faoed- rtflaotionintlie mirror, with ihe pjt ne-on-the-back expression of amen who oonvinoe» himself agaiuet his will. Then he took ouVtbe mysterious note again, reading it very slowly and : very carefully ; bur, somehow, the obaraottrs ' would change to familiar English penmanship, the short, mystical ik,nteno-s would twirt them»elv«. into 'those meaninvful nothinirs fo well remembered in many a differing missive, on themeelesumportant, perhaps, but fateful to his peace of mind. Westohester said, quietly, as she tripped lightly down the stairs ~ The jouth started towards the door, heei tated. then halted. . ?» She may leave to-night,' he Baid. ' In everything ready?' ? Of conr.e it is. Mamma ban kept things ready for immediate call,' Miss Bessie res ponded, in business-like tono. Her voice was.lowai.d gentle, but her eyes never met his 'Cume ; you said yon were in great baste/ 1 ' It is terribly oold outside.' was the raiher irrelevant reply. 'Is UP I thought the wind had died 3P,wn- There was a peculiar attempt si Mrf*',- M1 *he weather, shoving through nsf tone. ? . '?Tub, it has ; but that only makes it oolder.' * i- Does it? How odd!' »a'Y«a ;. 1 think it^iU freeze to-night,' he ?aid, vaguely. n.:4 .shouldn't wonder. But you'd better go up. to Oaro,. now,' she answered from the djior-way., ... 'f'Oh.ye's! no lime to lose,' Mr. McK~e replied, with a start of half -awakening. He Wok tt:o brisk steps towards her, ' theu stopped short again : », ' It will be an awfully oold ride, if we go ' , 'I am afraid it will. P,-or Carol' «h« ?OBwared, with eyes still downoast. : f)f I'm rather glad the wind has gone down 1— B-ssie!1 c 'i'Why ? so Uiat it may freest) ? Willie ?' 'No; beoansB there'll be lees breezy driving fast, you — -nilly ohild !' JAm I? I did not think that I wu» ajUy.V , Thievery demurely. -,i'.Phl perhaps you .thought'— the talk of a frteze prevented iis thawing too fast;— 'perhaps I am f ? *j?sAbjm,- JWllfe.' ,./. ? . ?'» About what, Bessie ? ' :. ' . ' ' '' ''* .?-' ' *-oir*nb w ? titit certainly abont something. WiUie, why did you not oome to^W'the pHson-rs', that morning t» ] f*1fou-- 8eemea better employidi' Zero onoe more. ? * ? ' Jil?9* ?**-& **W *''lken bana«- A SSTP?1?^ woro.would not bave taken a *-WJB; ? -' . ^'Why, Willie | : ;Tou Jtever . whispered one—' i~ - ^iNo:I*nt*edliH' Mr. M.^eb shot hix bolt with Deliberate aim; and waited for his ?!?rif tJ, fninbla' fln'*ril-8- But; tne girl lifted to Ins her great eyes, fllled only with wpnner:- ? :'O .:'??'? ? ' ? ? ?. -? '\ WiU|e MoKee, ofwhom are you talking? ' ^?Xoujwillfciquit me of selfishness, .i-wul understand that it is noton my own account «.t»U V, , Heposcd with effortfuldignity. ' It is wholly on .your own. But when a young Udy volunteers her dislike ana contempt for VP»n-:1and then I see her smiling and W»tS°«W , .With him inpnblio places, it dges beorn^T— ' , . , ...... J?J?^Pf»Wi6j'1,,,^he JItHe -form before him rofe ereot, oommaodful. ' Ton are my stap-fatWs oounim yon Hrt» known me ?inoeobOdhood; w.have b».n^-frieDds : bat even j-on dhall-nbt sooaBe me ofimnro. VPtltff ? ? .. ....... The gir)'i.flp»h was now only of in^iirnB tippj Rnd+flriblimk ffn met bi« d.fianUy ' Very wll. Mini B-»ie. Ton a»W mr fe» *p«»k.- 1 did not volnitef r my rea-on ? ' :» It .wa» not rmnon,— only abunrd ty !' Her^ye. did nnt drop; ana the o-ooa oV blood of. the Wentohestw.,1' wbn-e men hafl ?W,»rpli»d,to.o»lnmnTkr» 'blow, glowed upon ekher ob«*. . 'l*m ignorant* of all oaose /or your allusion; but itis untrne and ?baud.4 'Is it untrue if I repeat that I saw him. 'bisy' as yon were, whisper over your ahonldarf Is « ?? abrard ' that yon paia«d to whisper baok and : smile at —Peyton Fitz hu^bl* ?' ?? % v' ' 1 The girl's lips quivered; but no longer with anger ; the flush on her face took softer glow ; and the light of battle in her eyes' qnioVly ohanped to mn'rioioDt, an a little Mu/fli uurgled aoftly out. ; ? Willie Mi Kne,' sbe sM, with tn-i,ii,, ri; voice, bnt advancing roitlr to lain, 'I would .ot have believed any olier li'iijg ;kbt liad he told me that yLu were a— — grose ! N j, sir I yon abBll not stop me '-until yon hear. See, Willie, how muoh . further I trust you than you trust me ! The man who has so causelessly excited your ? ' she paused an iqBtant — ' your anger, -gave me a coat for a naked prisoner* — Oaro's 'brave boy-ootuln I More, he risked hit lift, perhaps, to -whisper to methatit had a treasonable paper tewed nltsllnlug.' ? r .?»?.,- ,. . -.- -.,-.? , Tut young manti*yes fell, and;«*flush of ahame swept his faos. Next instant hV raiHd both bravely, Jookiug. into, ers.ashe. wUsrwrsa,— ? ? . ' ... ? .. :,,J... 'Busu, my darling 1 oan you forgive, me ?' \- ' I have nothing to forgive,' she answered, frankly holding out her little hand. 'Ton Were right to 'speak ont, Willie, if —if you Nuspeoted me. Bat, dear, Peyton Rtzhugh uiaj not be a soldier, but he is a gentleman and a ? man I' ' I was almost as unjust to him'as I was to you,' the youth siia, gently, as he took the little hand in his. ' And, Bers, dear, Willie M'Koefnay not be a gentleman and a man, but he oertain'T in a grand— donkey !' ? Haab, sir l' No one shall speak so about abt one I ? like I' They were very olose to the parlor door mid to eaoh other. He bant over her bright faoe, ita.ejes glowing softly through sus pioious moisture, and ? Well, it was perhaps fortunate that Miss Bessie had been oorreot in h,r statement, 'The coatt is dear.' Carolyn Olay was paoiog her self-imposed prii-on very rrstlessly, when the pair ?mtered. 'I thought you would never come,' she uricd impatiently t) the man. ' Well, are «« ready at last ? Oan I go to-night ?' '? Tee,' he replitd, promptly,—' to- night.' ' Then you have heard from ? him ?' She dropped her eyes aud her color height uned at the question, but the eagerly grasped the paper he held out for answer. Swiftly her eye ran over it once and auaia. Then eneeeiied the large shovel, thrusting i between the grate-bars, far into the glowing coals. And onoe more ehe fell to etodying the letter, her companions look tug on in Borne wonderment.. ' You understand?' she - asked MoKee, abruptly. ? Ton see what he means ?' ' Vaguely only. Carroll and I are both at sea for the full meaning,— for the reason of writing to him.1 For answer MiBB Olay drew the shovel fiom the coals, fctrikicg the dust from it and folding a newspaper smoothly over it. Then »he premed the letter firmly down upon the hot surface. ' Oume,' she said, briefly. ' Bead between the lines' Ant all three watched eagerly, as the wide blank spaces began to fill with faint re4 charaoers, rapidly changing to dark brown as they read : 'Tue river is patrollel, but both banks are olear. L^se no time. A freeze might ?lelay you for day». Pete will reerosB Fiiday night. Your escort is watched, — half suspected. Too many passes asked. G*t another driver,— one lees familiar. GoJ speed and guard yon !' There wasduad ailenoe as Miss Olay slow ly removed the paper, the mystic oharaoters gradually fading out as it oooled. Then Bhe eaid, calmly, — ' If 1 ou ue Buepeoted, therisk is too great. Who else, that you trui-t, knows the road f ' I must drive yon, Miss Olay,' the youth answered, with obivalrio modesty oontraxting Ktraogely wi-b his boyish pettishness shown below. 'Itis my right and plighted pri vilege. Old Pete will do more for me than f-r any man ; and I fear no risk.' * It is a double risk,' ehe replied, decisive ly, — 'equally for me as yourself. Same mnxt go. Can yon trust no one ?' 'Carroll Meredith, perhaps. No, he is well known; those suspeoling me would ») adow him also,' be began, thoughtfully. He pandered a moment deeply, a smile, strange at such a moment, passing once or twice across his lips before he asked, sud denly, — ' Yon will go, unquestioning, with any nne I eend, no matter how singnlar my ohoiw?' 'With any you oan trnst,' she answered, calmly. ' I ( an trust Hub one, as I would mj-eelf,' he replied. - Be ready at three o'clook; the moon is down then. Dawn to-morrow will see you well on the way to liberty aud 'You are a true, good friend, Mr. MoKee,' 'he. woman answered,- feeMncly. 'God knows — thongh Ioannot say — how I tbank vou! I will be ready at three.' She held out her baud. 'In this good-by V ' No ; only au revoir, I think. I will see yon Hgiin, most probably.' He wa» at the front door again. B ut, had .the debt of obligation been ten times aa , heavy, MuE«e would have felt it paid in full by the tone in which another voioe wbii pBrrd. after a hurried conference iu the ball,— ' Suoh a novel idea ! . And 80 good of yon to trust me, Willie ! God speed and prosper you, brave— dear boy I' ; CHAPTER II. a NiaHi'e KAsauBBASBr i With equally rapid step, but far lighter beart, Willie MrKee strode through the bitter night towards his own home. The [Streets were quite deserted, the weePier keeping ih--tbtirs all not fooeSto be cut; and, as he sped along, the youth hummed anato esof opera-btpuffe. 1 Suddenly A broad glare of liftht fell upon him from thn hall of the Union Club, as its doorjopeaed and a flight man, in a military :overooaV, ran flown the steps, facing the moonlight, the men reoogoized eaoh other, i i .'G--tid-evening, Major Bond.' i 'G'od-eveniDg. Mr. M.Kee. Walking ;toward8Bome?-I'Jl join you:' And, drop !ping into step, the Federal nffioervent -on, !iu seeming innocence. ? Haven't seen y. u f jr wveral days. Been dunking atrain t ' 1 * No ; not since I saw you lost. My mother has -ieeri mtber sick/ MoKee answered, rnad'ly. t Splendid ?weather for duoks, tO3. The shooting will be splendid to-morrow ' ; 'Are you going to try them? ' 'I'll give va a permit,' the major replied,— rather quickly, it seemed to the/ already- waned !Baitiinorean. Bat he answered, natur ally,— ] 'No; but thanks all the same. I can't jleave my mother:! Her trusted old servant iB joalled suddenly \wsf ; serious illness other danghter. . She leaves to-night : so I must stay and play ohief nurse to her substitute.' 'Well, I shall be glad to famish you per miU,' the other said, oonrteonsly, ? at any time. Really, they an seated* neoesiary now, but may be at' any moment. Gall on roe withont hesitation. I am something of a Lun'sman.niyself.' ' '' ?' ? ' ? Indwd ? Wish I had known that be fore;' M Kee answered, promptly. ' How ever, better late than never ; and I shall be gi*d to have you join our very next trip. Hera'* m» door.* ? ? Thanks. ' Good-niufct,' the Ffldwal saii, rnrjtterinir. as hs turnsd away, 'No harm in him. Fitziiuirh was right: he's as big a foel at he looks They were mistakeu : he nnpdo no watebing.' Sud-'eolv he turned, Senpinor rapidly bank to M Kee, stnogery deltTcd by the familiar nUrht-Utoh. ? By the way. Mr. K.Kee, who is Mr. OarroU Meredith f ?Oarrollf Why, major, he's the dub bachelor of the town ; onr Maryland's ? Major Pendennis.' Don't yon know him V 'No ; only heard his name, b he it hunter, too, V ' k Va^NCnfrou,' U»E«e »5avrtred, Wgni. ' if,— 'the best shot and surest oattof a'flr in all Maryland. Aa you're a hunter, yon must meet him. But oome in and have a nipbeforeyou turn in.' . ,. ? -. ! He threw the door' wide,' turned up the hall gas, and for the first time, a Unionist i-Jot hart passed over Mrs. MoKee's jealoue IHreshold. ???*.. '?Try that brandy,' Willie said in the d 'ning-room. - My father imported it thirty years ago. We don't use it often: Mary Olonan must have left it ont.* ' Miss Olonan has good taste,' the major said, emptying his glass with a slffh of satisfaction. 'I drink to her judgment: oognao like that is not to bs found often.' , ? 'Miss ' Olonan is aTeliible grandmother, of abont sixty,' the other' returned, .with a laugh. ? 'Slie.Ss'the lervarii whose dau'gh- ter'sliillneai keepi me frbm' ihe ~du6ks, TBy the-wayf she-leavesat1 dawn; and, as you -ssld the passes might be needed; would you ?nurd giving her onef ' he added, naturally, as he TeflUed the major's glass. ' ' 1 She may need it,' the latter aiuwered, oourteonsly. 'I'll wflte her one', anyway, for her presence of mind in leavine that cognac ont.' He took ont a pass-book and began to write. ? Better make it for herself and daughter, eh F She may wish to move the girl, later.' The pass given, the msjor ushered out with oonrteous pressure to call again, but the door eagerly locked behind him, MoKee Bped softly np to his own apartments. Once there, he opened that Broanum ? that boly ef holies— oontaining big theatrical outfit. OoBtumea, tights of every hue, cloaks, wIrs, ' beards, swords, and numberless pots, pans, and bottles of unguents and colors for ' make-up,' stood revealed in well-ordered oonfastou. Quiokly his practised eye ran over the whole, selecting two wigs, several pairs of heavy lights, a lot of pads and lema'e buBts, and numerous pots of paint,— -bosen with most oare. Pdoking'them into a valise, he passed noiselessly into the street and regained Meredith's house. He entered withont ringing, and softly opened the door of the sitting-room. The old bachelor was stretched at ease in his great leathern oh air, a warm emoking-jacket enveloping his sturdy frame, and his slippered feetstntriied cosily to the fire, his huge meerschaum filling the room with fragrant, dream induoing olouds. Vrom any visions he was arouirad by the qoiet query,— ' Wud ye be afther mindin' a oup 0' tay, now, wid a bits o' shupper ? Oc ? ud ye rather wait fur that shrimp, Willie MuKiy, to 000m ? ' 'Why, Mary, how dare you ? The devil? Is that you, Willie ?' Carroll cried, as be turned. 'Why man, what is the matter? You look as grave as a ghost, for ' all your nonBense.' ' It waB not norjaense ; only serious prao tioe,' the yenngor man returned. ? If I oan fool yon, I think I may risk the blue-ooats. Carroll, you oan tru-t Mary implicitly ?' ' As I oan myself, with a eeoret, or a treasnre,' was the reply. ' Bnt whatdo you meanP ' Only to play th« Dromios wilh her, for one night only,' MoKee answered, looking at bis »atoh. ' By Jove ! nearly twelve I Ring lor her, before she goes to bed.' fifteen minutes later, the leader of the Serman stood before the great mirror in [eredith's bedroom, side by Bide with the Irish serving-woman, peering keenly into iU depths at her face, while his deft hand applied unguent, pigment, ani paint to hia o»n. Perfect master in the art of 'make up,' the youth's fair, ronnd faoe rapidly took on the complexion of tuddy age. Hie features, too, qnioklv changed shape appar ently, as quiok touch of the penoil set lines and deepened (shadows in a Beoond for which Time's slower, but surer, hand demanded years and the aid of troubles, thonght, and experience. Meanwhile a lively running dialogue did not impede the work in hand 'Yes, it's a grand lark, Mart,' Mr Kee said, naturally,— 'a- fancy ball, where I cannot use a mask. Do you think they'll recognize me ? ' ' Sorra a wan o1 em !' Mrs. Clonan stared at her doubled self reflected in the glass. 'Shore 'twonld bother th' mither av ye to know^ her child. A ball, it it, Misiher 'Jff,.^kdy- Perhaps several,' MoKws rsplied, lightly. 'There, that line across turns up the end of the nose. Anyway mSrudop1' a '6snUr 'B*ri~iw. 'I de bethinkin' they've bather eyea than common, ef it don't,' the woman answered adding, with a meaning look, ? Sjrra a bit o' my flgger ye have, tho'. An' in th' night they'll look more at th' figger than th' faoe 6hure, it's no nsde addin' to th' risk, bad Iuokto'em!' Sbe spoke gravely ; and the earnest gleam of her eyes into bis own told the man that she more than suspected his excuse for the disguise. ? So yon think it is not a ball Mary f ' he asked ber, abruptly. ' Sure it's not to be iWnkin' I'm paid, «or,' the woman answered. ' Me aunt used to tay thatth' shet. mouth oanght no flies. Bnt, whither it do be a fiyht, a frolic, or a ifoot-raoe, ye'd best kape the fiover up to th' faoe. Wait a bit, Minther Will-' She left MoKee 10 polish his oomplexion *ith a hare'a-foot, standing in moat compo site attire. A heavy, Ion- -necked hunting shirt terminated in three pairs of dark lights, drawn on for warmth; and over these depended an ample aktletnn'skiit of the day, draped with a dark balmoral and a massive pBnnier of stiff orinoline. Selecting a heavy gray wig of woman's hair, he quiokly adjusted it, cambino: the hands low .over bis forehead, and twisting ihe ends in a tight knot. At he stepped back for final view, the woman re-entered with her ample Sunday gown, and a poke- bonnet of unusual depth and flam-ant in decoration of green ribbon and yrllow.flowers. Besides, fhe carried a ponderous pair of oorsets, with ample waist. ... .... . 'Mither av love! but ye do be a fine copy I' she, cried, fldmirinsly. -Xer hid'a.a darlin', knot an' all ; bnt thim.Iist an1 that, waist shpoils the slmmithry J ,, There,' )-'he added, adjnitinglheooreet. 'shlipandwafew fowels to fill out th' waisth, sor !,. Look »t. bim. riow.!' '. ... , , ...,.' :- , : ,MeK'e, seleolioK a massive pair of pads, w«B deftly filing them in place with aafety plns. : ? Now shlip th' driss over yer hid.' 'Wait a bit.' I mustiseoure my finare first,' he »n«wered, ?truggltnfr.intoa tight net shirt, And pullms; it down snugly si us m round his artifloial amplitude into natural purves. Then— the. dress slipped on, the hooks fastened, and ijthe. poke bonnet in place— the masquerader nirodo heavily into the sitting-room. . . . .'An I'm afther thinkin' it do be time fur bid, Masther Carroll,' he said, with a deep tint laborious courtesy. . ' Great !' cried Meredith, glancing from counterfeit tonality. ' Mary's very self 1 Willie, that ?wool! be a triumph for buries- ., que' fBedad, Mary ehmells a rat; and I'm t iokW it'do be safe to thrust th' shpatav her I Mary,'— he turned gravely to her, ? fif I'm going to a ball or a funeral, it makes no difference ; but I want yon to keep olosely In the house until I return your clothes. I know I nan fruit yon; and I am truly gfatef nl for your troablo and willing help.' He extended hit bend, sad Mrs. Olonan ?hook it warm!/, ibni with deprecating shake of her head. When',ber own :was with drawn, a new gold fieoe glitterad in It, at which she stared onrinntly. ? Is it to kape this fur ye I am, sor I' she alked, innocently. .. 'No; for youreelf,' MoKee . answered, quiokly ohanging the subject. 'Be sure and hep veil out of sight till I oome.' : 'Bntldo be thinkin' ye're a biterrin', Bor,' the woman answered, quietly. ? Thin clothes ben't fur tint; an' shure I'm not l«pln' abtaank,' 