Memmon. The gray curtains of morning twilight aung gloomily over the endless dunes of sand. The drab-green leaflets of the mimosa were not rustled by the slightest breeze, and no bird had yet broken into song. Not a sunbeam to lend its golden embroidery tothe broken column of the temple; not a ray of silver light to dispel the ashen gloom of the heavens, or break the songless repose of the palnr.dotted desert. The distant river, with its fringe of olives melted into the sky, and its silvery shimmer appeared like the sinuous reflection of a luminous lily-star in a gently rippled lake. &n; opalescent mist crept like a ghost above the parched sands, and the psaceful spirit of silence seemed to reign until the morning song of Memnon should break the potent spell. The eternal Pyramids frowned in the die. tanes in orders gray, and the aetaiu bens like 'the Faithful in prayer, as though im. pressed by the subtle charm of the silence that was lonely and unbroken. 1. The herons stood in majestic immobility, as though obarmed, among the reeds and sedge that surrounded their watery haunts. Numbers of motionless palms were etched, like sentinels, against the horizon, whose hem was yet unconscious of the first faint kiss of dawn-whose folds and draperies of gray seemed awaiting the golden roes of sunrise to blossom forth and light them into In the midst of this apparently eternal hush, this silence that would make snoh a beautiful back ground for the harp string twang of his morning voice, Memnon sat in the unbroken solitude, with no breeze to fan his cheek, looking steadfastly toward the east for the first rosy light to tremble in the wan, white sail of day, and wake the asoents of his morning song. Suddenly, the sombre mantle seemed to fall from the sky, and in the distanoe be. hind the Pyramids a dainty, delicate flush of rose appeared, a breeze started across the Sburning desert, the lips of Memnon parted, and filled the ripplel air of midsummer with: " Is it hot enough for you 1" PJt.. Ln. Urlwnse 