THE question of how most effectively to control the liquor traffic is one that forces itself upon the attention of all civilised communities. In Germany it is now under discussion in the Reich stag, where a measure dealing with the retailing of intoxicants has been sub mitted. Some of its provisions are very drastic in their nature. For instance, licensed dealers are for bidden to sell liquor to any visibly drunken person or any person who within three years has been punished as a confirmed drunkard. The spirit dealer is bound to see that drunken persons are conducted to their dwell ings or handed over to the care of the police. He is further forbidden to supply liquor on credit. One of the clauses of the bill lays down that people who, on account of their drunken habits, are unable to manage their affairs, or who, by their con duct, threaten to bring their families into want, or to endanger the safety of others, may be placed under a guardian, and this person, with the consent of court, may place his ward in an asylum for inebriates. Even in cases where the guardian does not exercise his rights in this respect, the court may inter vene and order his committal to such an asylum. It is a matter for wonder that, having determined to put down the evil of intemperate drinking, the framers of the law did not utilise the experience gained in a country so near them as Norway. In that country a law that has worked most beneficently has been in force for some years. Public houses have been practically abolished in the country districts and consider ably reduced in number and regulated better in the centres of population. The system adopted is a modification of that first tried in the town of Gothenburg, in Sweden. The muni cipal councils fix the number of public houses they consider necessary for the requirements of the residents, and then grant a monopoly to a society formed for the purpose of retailing the liquor. This license, or monopoly, lasts only for a short term—generally about five years. The council has full control over the society, the committee of management of which is elected partly by the shareholders and partly by the council.' The society cannot legally pay a higher dividend than 5 per cent., and as the finances- are at all times open to the inspec tion of the council there is not much danger of this provision being in fringed. All the profits over 5 per cent, on the invested capital are de voted to the maintenance of local charitable institutions, which thus cease to be any burden upon the com munity. In this way the temptation of increasing the number of public houses beyond the actual requirements of the place is removed from the council, nor have the dealers anv in centive to swell the receipts by illegiti mate means. The society is not allowed to employ females in the bars, nor are the attendants permitted to serve drink to any person who is under the influence of liquor, or to supply such a quantity as would be likely to cause intoxication. Nor is there any induce ment to do so, for no profit would be made by either the attendant or the society. It is to the interest of both, therefore, to keep the customers sober, and not serve liquor to any one who shows the least sign of having imbibed freely. The bars are plainly fitted up, and without the attractions that adorn most of our hotels; no seats of any kind are pro vided, and there are no private.apart ments where customers may sit and drink. In short, the. bars are intended solely for the use of thirsty people, who, having satisfied their wants, go their way. The evil of •“ shouting,” which is deplored as much by moder ate drinkers as by teetotallers, are thus reduced to a minimum. The Act came into full _ force in Nor way in 1877, and since then drunkenness has decreased to a wonder ful extent. No compensation was granted to the publicans for the cancellation of their licenses, hut years’ grace was allowed them to pre pare for the altered state of things. Many then entered upon some -other pursuit; while those who preferred it were retained hy the society as bar men, and in this capacity the majority of them found themselves really better off than they had been as licen sees. In Bergen, a profit was -netted of 125 per cent, on the capital in vested, and of this 120 per cent, went towards the support of the charities. We would heartily recommend the consideration of the system to our tem perance organisations in Victoria. Modifications of the law would doubt less be required to meet the require ments of altered circumstances— as, for instance, the increase of the percentage allowed on the outlay—but the main principles are well worthy of adoption. Tip to the - present nearly every step in the way of putting into force the principles of local option has been nullified by shrewd lawyers or by monetary difficulties. The Norwegian system is simple and effective. Barker's United have almost mo nopolised attention in the share market during the week. Starting at 2s 7d on Monday, they advanced steadily until on Saturday they were sold at 5s 7d, the last sale being at 5s 6d, and with buyers eager at Id less. The market was frequently mercurial, but though shares might recede for a few pence, they invariably regained lost ground, and before the close of the Exchange were being freely taken at an advance upon the best price ob tained during the day. Several thou sand shares changed hands daily, and on Saturday afternoon the demand for scrip was as greedy as it had ever been. This fact shows that, with all the com plaints that are being made about the dulness of times, capital is as available as ever for mining speculation, and that, given twoor three discoveries that would each affect more than one mine, we would have a return of the excitement that used to characterise the Ex change. Tlie latest reports concerning the lode in the Parker’s United mine are that 8 feet have been driven along its course; that the stoue on the footwall side carries gold freely; and that occasionally gold is to be seen in the quartz through the whole width of the drive. Hitherto the Egerton stone has been crushed raw, but in view of the fact that quartz of a similar appearance has been found in other parts of the colony to yield better after it has been burnt, that experiment is to be tried with the stone raised from the Parker’s United. It is now being emptied as it is raised on to a kiln prepared for its treatment. At the Black Horse and Egerton Extension mine it is said that good stone is being taken out from the footwall of the large lode recently mob with, and it is intended to sink a winze on the reef to further teat it. Shares sold at from Is 3d to Is to Is lid. Star of the East were decidedly easier during the week, and on Satur day, after the last meeting of the Ex change, they were offered at £ll, without meeting with buyers. There is no ciiange to note in the mine. Berry No. 1 had a moderate business at from 23s 6d to 20s. Hepburn Estates eased a trifle—from 5s del to ss. The report this week is, however, favorable, and the yield is fair. Last Chance Uniteds sold at an average of 10s, and Dal zell’s changed hands at 10s 10id. There is no change of any importance in either claim. New Xohinoors weakened somewhat, owing to a break in the lode at the north end, but the stone seems to be making solid again. Exchanges were effected at from 2s 5d to 2s Id. Napier Free hold, Prince Regent, Smith’s Home bush, and a few other stocks claimed a little attention at current rates. There is no very exciting news from any of the mines, but improving prospects are reported by the Cruikslianks, Llanberris, Loco, • Midas Consols, New Normanhy, Speedwell, and Try Again Extended Companies. The Midas No. 1 Company in tend erecting a battery to crush the stoue met with in the mine, and to facilitate this work have stopped operations in the No. 3 level. In the Creswick Prospecting Com pany’s mine there is at the bottom of tlie shaft 2 feet 6 inches of stone, from which water is coming. In several instances a few weeks or a few days may see a material change in the prospects of the mine. During the week the following dividends have been declared:—Black Horse United, 4s; Try Again, Is; Working Miners, fid. _ Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphed 1-at night-, stating that Mr Shiels had ob tained the consent of all his old colleagues to join tlie new Ministry, with the exception of the Council members. Their places will bo filled by Mr G. Davis, and probably Mr Zeal. Mr Shiels will act as Treasurer,'ami Mr Peacock has accepted tlie portfolio of Minister of Education, which will necessitate Ilia coming bef-rn big. constituents for re election. Mr Munro is to be appointed Agent General. At tlie fortnightly meeting of tlie City Council this afternoon, the following motions on notice will be dealt- with:—By Cr W. Little—That in terms of a recommendation passed at tlie last council meeting notice of motion is hereby given—“ That the Coun cil’s resolution of 23rd November, 1891, granting permission to the military band to play in the Botanical Gardena on Sunday afternoons, be at once rescinded.” By Cr M'Dnnald—“That in-future the time of meeting of the City Council be 2 p.m. in stead of 2 30 p. in. A number of influential toviiBiii°n are try ing to induce Mr James Long to offer him self ns a candidate for tlie L-gislative Assembly at the forthcoming election. He basnet, however, up to the present decided whether he will contest tlie sent or not. The annual picnic of the Victorian Rail ways Mutual Benefit Society was held at the Ballarat Agricultural Society’s grounds on Saturday. Nearly 6000 excursionists arrived about midday by nine special trains the majority of wliiol) came from Mel bourne. Sports, dancing, &c.;, were carried out to the entire satisfaction of the pic nickers. In the afternoon the members of committee, in company with their lady friends and some of the heads of ttie depart ments, were entertained at a banquet in the luncheon rooms. : : Avery pleasant day was spent, and tlie-.excursionists expressed themselves as thoroughly satisfied with the day’s outing. A~.f.ull report appears in another column of to-day’s Star. Mr E. Steinfold, it is stated, intends to contest the election 'for a seat for the Wellington Province in September, against the Hon. Henry Gore, M.L.C., the retiring ■member. The committee and- members of the Victorian Railways' Mutual Benefit Society speak very highly of the facilities afforded by Ballarat for holding such gatherings ns that which took place in the Agricultural Society’s grounds on Saturday last. Bal larat, they state, is hy far the best place in which they .have yet held their annual picnic. It is very central and in possession of many advantages not to be found in any other city in the colony. The grounds are are in every respect suitable for sports, dancing, and every'kind of ont-door amuse ment. The close proximity to the Lake and Gardens ami convenient distance to the city and town render them preferable to | any of their kind in existence. The mem bers of the committee are decidedly in favor i of holding their picnics here annually, aud j in all probability Ballarat will be chosen by future excursion committees. | Another case of typhoid fever was admitted to the Hospital yesterday. On Saturday last an elderly lady who had come to Ballarat from Buninyong, heard of the distress existing in the family of one of her acquaintances, owing to the death of one of its members and the want of the necessary money to hear the funeral expenses. With the intention of assisting the bereaved family she pnceeded to the Savings Bank and withdrew the sum of £75. She care fully placed the money, consisting of IS £5 notes, in her pass-book, tied them up in her pocket-handkerchief, and, ns she thought, put them into her pocket. About a quarter of an hour later the old lady dis covered, to her great sorrow, that the parcel was no longer in her possession. Thinking Unit some thief had extracted her savings from her pocket, she reported the matter to the polios. In the meantime, however, a Mr Black, a mining manager, residing in FTumffray street, picked up the handkerchief, with its contents, near the hank corner, and without loss of time took them to the Ballarat East police station. The benevolently-inclined lady was soon in formed of the find,-and, it is almost needless to say, was extremely grateful at the restora tion of liar property. The decision of the board of directors of tlie A.N.A. to hold the annual conference on the Bth, 9th, and 10th March lias caused general dissatisfaction in Ballarat, those being the days on which tile Eire Brigades’ Demonstration will be held. Numbers of prominent members of the association are also prominent firemen, and cannot be ab sent from the demonstration in justice to their brigades. In former years the board has carefully avoided clashing with this demonstration. Seeing that Mr J. W. Laite.r is an aspirant for the position of president of the association, and cannot leave Ballarat whilst the demonstration is in progress, and that other delegates here and elsewhere will be prevented from at tending the conference on the dates chosen, it is hoped an alteration will yet be made. The annual matches of the Ballarat Swim ming Club were held on Saturday at the Eastern Baths. A report appears in another column. At the To-.vn Police Court on Saturday morning James Munro was fined 20a on a charge of insulting behaviour. George Trns cott, for using insulting words to Constable M'Pheraon, was fined 10', and for drunken ness s'. lie-ter Harrington was also fined 5s for drunkenness and 10a for insulting behaviour. Four other persons Were also dealt with on charges of drunkenness, Mr O’Day was the presiding magistrate. In reference to a reduction in the number of County Courts, it is stated that the omis sion of the sixth court was purely an inadver tence, and not with any intention of depriv ing B ilLrat of the usual number of sittings. Care will be taken to prevent a similar mis take in the future, and, if deemed desirable, an additional court con he gazetted for December. The deputation of ratepayers appointed to wait upon the City Council with regard to the proposed loan, are requested to meet at the Town Qall this afternoon, at 2 15. The following is the list of prisoners for trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court in Ballarat on Tuesday, before Mr Justice A’Beckett;—Michael Murphy and James Gray, housebreaking; Jesse Win stanley Aldis, false pretences; Henry Beard, attempted self-murder; Thomas Spianktin, larceny; Elizabeth Hodges, assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm; Alfred E. Greenhall, alias Griffiths, breaking into the Elaine Post Office; Phillip Bree and William Gardiner, burglary; and Edward E. Snrbey, making a false declaration as to the birth of a child. The annual races of the Smeaton Tmf Club take place to-day. A programme of seven events is provided, and a good day’s racing may be anticipated. William Dawson, a visitor from Melbourne, was arrested in Bridge street on Saturday night hy Constables M'Pherson and Serpell. The accused, who had been the cause of a disturbance, was charged with threatening behaviour and using obscene language. Among tlie other occupants of the Town lockup last night was a hawker named Porto Cnpoano, charged with using obscene lan guage, and four persons charged with drun kenness. The final event for the Bath trophy wos sailed at tile lake on Saturday afternoon. Only two yachts competed, viz —The Viola and Flying Scud. The latter won the event and the trophy. About a week since a man named David Casaon was arrested in Ballarat East on a warrant charging him with having stolen a horse, the property of Mr 0. Lndbrook. Constable M'Pherson on Saturday discovered the missing horse at a saloyurd in the city, where it had been entered for sale. The yacht >Darlie Bay has been purchased by Mr G. Buckley, a well-known pastoralist of the Western District. The Dirlie Bay will shortly he removed from Lake Wen douree to Lake Bolac, a large estate adjoin ing .'which was recently purchased by Mr Buckley. At the meeting of the Ironworkers’ Association held on Saturday evening at the School of Mines, the secretary reported that lie had received from the Chief Secretary’s Department a number of copies of a pamphlet on the present financial condition of the colony, for distribution amongst tlie mem bers. The librarian placed on the table copies of tlie new catalogue of the library for distribution. The excursion on the Ilth of March was discussed, aud the secretary was instructed to advertise the same. Mr F. Gray read a paper on “ The Sun.” After a few introductory remarks on the complete dependence on the sun of all terrestrial life, the writer, with the aid of a large and well drawn diagram, described what is known of the constitution of tlie sun; the photosphere, the fiery protuberances, and the spots which appear on the sun were dilated on. Tlie paper concluded with an eloquent exhorta tion to the study of astronomy as one of tlie most elevating and ennobling stndies which can occupy the mind of man. Several mem bers spoke on the subject, agreeing generally with' the paper, and speaking in terms of praise of the ability shown in the p >per. A two-year old child named 0-car Gre golit, whose parents reside in Talbot street, y’Sterday swallowed a quantity of sulphate of copper. As symptoms of poisoning set in, he was taken to the Hospital and treated hy Dr Morrison. Mr Thomas Wellington, the well-known undertaker, of Dawson street south, was, on Saturday morning, the victim of a most malicious act. A large stone, several pounds in weight, was thrown through tlie window of one of the bedrooms, shattering the crockery ware and furniture to a consider able extent. Ten turtles were received on Saturday by tlie City Council from the Echtiea Coun cil. They were subsequently'placed in tlie turtle pond at the gardens. ! The committee of the Burrumheet Park ; Turf Club held a meeting at Newton’s hotel on Saturday afternoon. It was resolved to hold the next race meeting on the 24’b May. . A donation of £2 2s from Messrs L-pgo and Sons was received. Several improvements to the course were also decided ou. 1 We have been shown an excellent sample of Frampton wheat, just threshed by Mr T, Fletcher, of Mount Prospect, It was grown on volcanic soil, on the slope of the Eastern Hill, by Messrs. Dewar Bros., of North Creswick. Twenty-two acres were put down in this wheat, and they yielded an average of nearly 40 bushels per acre. The seed came from Avoca, from alluvial soil. A large portion of the crop has already been disposed of for seed purposes. The grain is clean, hard, plump, heavy, and of a good color, while the skin is thin. Messrs Little andColtman, Js.P., attended at the City Police Court on .Saturday. A men named William Kelly, who pleaded guilty to having used obscene language m_a public place, was discharged, and a fine of os or two days’ imprisonment was imposed upon an elderly individual presented on a charge of over-indulgence. ; The R.M.S. Oceana arrived at the Sema phore, Adelaide, from London, at 5.45 p-u>. yesterday. ■On Saturday morning a haystack belong ing to a fanner named Thomas M. Mahon, of Leigh Creek, was burned to the ground. The cause of the fire is unknown. It was insured in the Commercial Union Insurance Company. There was a very large attendance at the People’s Temperance meeting at the Alfred Hall on Siturday night, when a first class musical and literary programme was given by the members of the South street De bating Society. The following contributed items; Misses Saunders, and Messrs Har row, Martin, and Saunders. The Rev. J. B. Johnson gave an address ou temperance work, and was attentively listened to. Mr W. Coltman, J.P., occupied the chair. We are informed that the Christian Brothers are taking up the work recently performed by the fathers of the Holy Ghost that of preparing young gentlemen for the professions and for a commercial career. All those who intend to take advantage of the annual excursion of the Miners’ Associa tion to -Queensoliff, will be pleased to hear 'that Messrs Hnddart,.Parker, and Cos. have determined to place their magnificent steamer Ozone at their disposal for the day, and that she will leave Qiieenscliff for Sor rento at II 30 n.m., returning at 4 p.ni. Fares have been reduced for this occasion only to 1s return. The train and cab fares to the back beach have been reduced to 31, so that those who desire to get a glimpse of the Great Southern Ocean will have an opportunity of doing so at very little cost, nicher of trouble nr money. Asa very large number of people are certain to take advan tage of this excursion, we would advise all to make nn early application for tickets, in order that they may not he disappointed. Mr M. J. Minogue, assistant in the office of the clerk of courts, Ballarat, has been appointed a commissioner of tile Supreme Court for taking affidavits. A meeting of about 50 gentlemen was held at M'Grath’s Shamrock hotel, Duonstown, last Friday evening, for the purpose of pre senting an address and purse of sovereigns to Senior-Constable Nelms on his removal from the Warrenheip district. Mr E. Murphy, M.L.A., occupied the chair, and expressed the pleasure it gave to him to have been asked on this occasion to preside, as the re presentative of the district. Mr Murphy then read the address, which was executed by Messrs F. W. Niven and Cos., of Ballarat, in their usual artistic slyle, after which he presented it anil a purse of sovereigns to Mr Nelms. Mr Nelms said he felt at a loss for words to express his feelings for the very kind things said of him, ami for the unex pected presentation tif an address and purse of sovereigns. The address he would keep as long os he lived, as it would remind him, if that were necessary, of the many friends he had in this district, which he left with regret. His successor, Constable Martin, who was present, would, he had no doubt, on the expiration of his term amongst them, meet with their approval. ' After the usual toast had been done honor to, and a few songs from Mr J. P. Daly, of Ballarat, Mr Lang, of Dunostown, and Mr P. Whelan, of Warrenheip, a vote of thanks to Mr Murphy for presiding was proposed by Mr M. Loner g»n, seconded by Mr Lang, and supported by Constable Mai tin, who said it was a high compliment to Senior-constable Nelms that the Parliamentary representative of the dis trict should preside on tho present occasion. The vote of thanks having been carried with acclamation, the meeting broke up. The following mining leases have been de clared void:—E. Colly«r and another, 26a Or 27p, Italian Gully; R. Fyfe and another, 20a, Derwent Jack’s; J, P. Boyd, 30a lr -22p, Mount Doran. The following gentlemen have been gazetted members of School Boards of Advice for tile districts named;—Borough of Sebas topol, Mr Wm. Reokio; East Rilling Ballaratshire. Mr Jas. Stewart {via Mr Jas. Bothwell); Erst Riding Gordonsliire, Mr Gitas. Boobier. The half- yearly general meeting of the shareholders in the Ballarat Gas Company will he held at the company’s office on Mon day, the 29th lost. The report and financial statements will he submitted, anti the election of directors ami auditors for the ensuing term will take place. The members of the Ballarat Cycling Club hold a monster lantern ride around the town to-morrow (Tuesday) evening. In connec tion with the nice meeting, to be held on Saturday next, the entries, vvlrch close this morning, promise to give the public a good day’s sport, there being no less than 21 entries for the Novice Rice, 15 for the one and two mile Open, 16 for the Safety, and 10 for the Club Race. Tho Beaufort, &0., Common is about to be further diminished by deducting therefrom 100 acres app'icd for by William Smith, Two acres 39 perches of land at Invermay have been reserved us a site for State school purposes, in place of the site formerly selected. A block of land, 2 acres 2 roods 5 porches, in the parish of Burrumheet, is about, to be permanently reserved as a site fur water supply purposes. A banquet, “tendered by the citizens of Melbourne to Sir Graham B-rry in apprecia tion of his services as Agent-General for Victoria,” will take place at the Melbourne Town Hall on Thursday, the 18th inst. The following vacancies in tho Education Department are announced:—Head teachers —Class 4, Mitcham, Darnum, and Coro rooke; class 5, Dimboola East, Bunker’s Hill (near Ballarat), Green’s Creek (near Stawell), Janes’ Creek (near Tarnagulla), Woorak West, Mount Ehza, and Buogsree. First female assistants—Class 2, Smith Mel bourne (1253); class 3, California Gully, Carlton (1073), and Ashby; class 4. Chil ,tern. First male assistant—Class 5, Hamil ton. Female junior assistants—Auburn, North Fitzroy, (Jobden, Prahran North, and Hawthorn. The Socialists throughout Germany are making arrangement to celebrate the Ist of May by the customary demonstrations. 