"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" Now, which is the Horse-to have no appelite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appilite? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this quratun. When "good digestion waits on appetite <«nd health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a jierson towards his meals. But most of as are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food with out an appetite or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. 1 Afferent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, ie is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man that ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com muioation in which the writer nays, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says—"ln the year 188!) I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myeelf. My mouth tasted bad, sothatordinaryarticlesofdiet seemed to lose taeir flavor ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and nono was Rood. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather co it felt like a ball in my throat and act as if it would choke ma" We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what be calls " a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then again, at times be was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was bo severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says, "thb thought of eating, and vmn;i a j<«.n/y mini have I iiindc, fur I w* afraid to cat." "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this cansed me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course, the fear oi some calamity, such as the loas of bis position, his own death, or the death of someone dear to him. This was due, as be intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and un governed imagination. "With great difficulty," he says, "I stack to my work, for I bad a wife and family depending on me. So I straggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. J am tare no one has suffered so much as / have done" In die latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notions of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multi tude who are'all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to oome in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment bad left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like hit own having been cored by MotherSeigel'BSymp. "My wife," he Bays, "got me a bottle at Mr. LangstafFe, in Woodleeford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) "George Hcnt, "Car Bottom-road, " Apperley-bridge, near Leeds." I We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he 13 and for what reason. 302u16zx303-17 