Apostolical Succession. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, JOSEPH NICHOLSON. Brompton, March 19,1892. I am, &c.;, AJAX. I am, &c.;, CHURCHMAN. I am, &c.;, THEO. GUM. Gladstone, March 18, 1892. [This correspondence is closed. We regret that it ever commenced.—Ed.] Sir—In response to my desire to know where the Rev. H. M. Pollitt could find "three orders of ministry" in the New Testa- ment, he mentions, without quotation, a number of texts, but not one of them makes any affirmation of "three orders" of ministry, but they simply allude to the general doctrine of the ministerial office, which is not the question under discussion. Later on Mr. Pollitt practically admits the Scriptures do not specify "three" orders, when he says—" I was fully aware, and thought every student of Holy Scripture knew, that in the New Testa- ment the words 'bishops' and 'elders' both stand for the same order." It follows if bishops and elders (i.e. presbyters) are the "same order," that there are only two orders of ministry in the New Testament, viz., bishops (or elders) and deacons, and not "three" as affirmed in the Anglican ordinal, and by Mr. Pollitt. Many Scriptural proofs could be given of the identity of the bishop and presbyter in the New Testament, but Mr. Pollitt's admission that "every student" knows this renders their production unnecessary. But serious results must ensue to the dogma of apostolical succes- sion from this concession. That is to say, the power of ordaining claimed exclusively by bishops is not Scripturally conferred, inasmuch as the presbyters have an equal Scriptural right to confer ordination also, if they are of the "same order." Yet the Oxford "Tracts for the Times" claim it solely for bishops by affirming "the fact of the apostolical succession is that our present bishops are the heirs and representatives of the apostles by successive transmission of the prerogative of being so." "Each bishop has at the hands of another bishop, himself similarly called to this office, received the gifts of the Holy Ghost and that apostolic power in the church," &c.;—Vol. I., N0. 5. The plea of diocesan episcopacy to overrule elders or presbyters has no Scriptural basis, and was a matter of development subse- quent to apostolic times. Dr. Hatch says— "Between the primitive episcopos (bishop) and the mediaeval bishop there is so wide an interval that those who are familiar with the picture of the latter may find it difficult to recognise the portrait of the former." Jerome (A.D. 382) distinctly declares—"With the ancients, presbyters were the same as bishops. . . . So let bishops be aware that they are superior to presbyters more owing to custom than to any actual ordinance of the Lord." The episcopal form of government has no doubt much to commend it, but it is only one form among several that have been equally blessed to the souls of men. But when episco- palians like Canon Liddon affirm that an episcopos (bishop) is essential not merely to the well- being, but the very "being" of a church, and thereby unchurch all non- episcopalians, they must expect to be called upon to prove from Scripture the Divine right of episcopacy. This they cannot do. When pressed to show Scriptural warrant for the three orders — bishops, priests, and deacons—they have to admit that the priest or presbyter and the bishop are of the "same order" in the New Testament, and so surrender the three-fold ministry, which their Anglican ordinal erro- neously teaches is a Scriptural ordi- nance. The Apostles, strictly speaking, had no successors. The special qualification of being eye witnesses of the Lord's life and resurrection, of having a divine vocation to expound doctrine with authority, and the power to work miracles, were qualifications peculiar to "apostles indeed," and are not possessed by their professed successors. Dean Alford truly said the gift of the Holy Spirit to minis- ters is "not by successive delegation from the Apostles, of which fiction I find in the New Testament no trace." As to the "historical continuity from the Apostles," of which Bishop Kennion speaks so confidently, it is well to remember the "con- tinuity" has been broken and vitiated in varied ways. To begin with, the connection with the apostles cannot be established. If the succession is traced through Peter from Rome, it begins with a doubt whether Peter ever saw Rome. Much more doubt- ful is the tradition that be was Bishop of Rome for 25 years. When that is settled another difficulty confronts the enquirer. Who succeeded Peter? No one on earth can tell. Tertullian and party say Clement. Irenaeus and party contradict it, and say Linus. Others say Cletus. If Linus is put down as Peter's successor it must be borne in mind that Bishop Pearson has proved that Linus died before Peter died. Who, then, is the third bishop, seeing there is no certainty about the second? Here the confusion is as great. The Romish catalogues put in Cletus, then Clement, and then Anacletus. Bishop Pearson proves that Cletus and Anacletus are two names for the same person, Cletas being an abbreviation of Anacletus, and yet in the succession they are marked as distinct popes, with distinct reigns, with Clement between them! If the succession is sought to be established through St John, who, by-the-bye, never calls himself a bishop, but "the presbyter" (II. John, iv.), there is an utter absence of historical continuity and per- sonal ordinations. Polycarp's letter about St. John does not say one word about apos- tolical succession, which in its pre- sent significance is a modern invention. Where the three British bishops who attended the Council of Arles in A.D. 314 obtained ordi- nation is a mystery, and the consecrating links connecting them with St. John are all missing. No wonder Mr. Pollitt speaks of the "demand for direct proof" as "evidently unreasonable" when "one thinks what it implies." Eusebius, in the fourth century, though so much nearer the Apostles in time, felt the same difficulty, and confesses that it is "a hard matter to find out who succeeded the Apostles in the churches planted by them, unless it be those mentioned in the writings of Paul." If we follow the Romish line of succession through the middle ages we are forced to agree with Bishop Stillingfleet, who said, "In Rome the suc- cession is as muddy as the Tiber itself." Mere boys of ten and five years of age were made bishops and popes. A lewd fallen woman also held the papal chair. Many were excommuni- cated for varied and shocking offences. In 1378 there were two rival popes reigning at the same time, one at Rome and another at Avignon, in France, and they mutually ex- communicated one another. From 1409 to 1429 there were three popes, each claiming to be the true successor of Peter. Some of the deposed popes transmitted their dubious orders through the Anglican Church. Gregory XIL., deposed by the Council of Constance and de- clared to be no bishop for years, ordained Henry; Chichley Archbishop of Canterbury, and he in turn ordained for 29 years numerous English bishops and priests. Alexander III., one of the rival popes driven out of Rome three times, and who died in exile, consecrated Richard, Archbishop of Canterbury, who ordained English bishops and priests for nine years. Anglican orders have been rendered doubtful by other irregularities. When Cardi- nal Newman left the English Church for Rome he said—"What I have seen in the Anglican Church makes it very difficult for me to deny that every now and then a bishop has a conse- creator who had never been baptised. Some bishops have been brought up in their youth as Presbyterians, and others as dissenters, others as Low Churchmen, others have been baptised in the careless perfunctory way once go common; there is, therefore, too much reason to believe that some consecrators were not bishops, for the simple reason, that, formally speaking, they were not Christians." Dr. Mellor says—"In ten distinct ways at least, we learn from canon jurists, orders may be made null and void, and in every one of these ways have the orders of the Anglican clergy been hopelessly vitiated." In conclusion, let me say I have a great admiration for the zeal and learning of the Anglican Church, and have no difficulty in regarding it as a branch of the Church of Christ: but when its chief pastor goes through the land proclaiming to mixed audiences the dogma of apostolical suc- cession as a reason for Pharasaic isolation from other Christians, and stigmatises certain churches by name as "irregular," it seems a small matter that he and those who think with him should go through the elementary process of proving the scriptural "regularity" of their position. Mr. Pollitt, with characteristic chivalry and courtesy, has tried to "fulfil all righteousness," and it is not his fault that the "meshes" of the apostolic succession "net" have entangled him. But the net is broken and he may escape. Sir —I cannot answer in detail so many letters at once, so I will first of all reply to the leading statements. In defence of my asser- tion that the Anglican Church, as a church, lays no claim to valid orders let me quote her own articles of faith. The Thirty-nine Articles are the standard of doctrine in the Church of England, and to these every clergyman is bound to give "unfeigned assent." Article 25 declares that orders are one of those things "not to be counted for sacraments of the Gospel, being such as have grown partly of the corrupt fol- lowing of the apostle?, partly are states of life allowed in the Scripture, but yet have not the nature of the sacraments, with baptism, the Lord's supper, for that they have not any visible sign or ceremony ordained by God." Now you must admit that none but God can attach grace to any visible act. It is an in- controvertible fact that a sacrament consists of matter and form, and that the matter must be determined to the prescribed end. I never said an express mention of a distinctive order was necessary, as Mr. Dodd implies. The distinctive character conferred may be ex- pressed either by an allusion to the type found in the Old Testament of the order conferred, or by mention of some spiritual power which is the distinctive privilege of the order to which the candide is raised, or by mention of some spiritual power which is the distinctive privilege of the order. I maintain that the matter must be determined to the prescribed end, and that in the ordinal of Edward VI. it is not. One hundred and one years elapsed before it was altered, and this alteration was due to the taunts both of Presbyterians and of Catholics. The fast that it was altered, not the reasons that prompted it, is the main fact. The change came 100 years too late to save the validity of Anglican orders. Just as the mere pouring of water on a child's head without words to determine why it was poured would be "powerless to confer baptism, so the laying-on of hands without a corres- ponding form do not confer orders; the words "Receive ye the Holy Ghost, &c.;,"are Scriptural, but nowhere in the Holy Bible are they given as the form of orders, and they to whom they were addressed were already priests; moreover, these words are to be found in no ordinal in the West earlier than the 14th century. The reformers wished to efface sacerdotalism, and therefore they changed the whole nature of the rite. They intended to do away with the orders of the Catholic Church, of which they said, ''Keep to yourselves your stinking, greasy, anti-Christian orders. We abhor, defy, detest, and spit at them." However, the opinions of the reformers are, I know, heartily repudiated by High Church- men. "Documents'" says Dr. Littledale, a leading High Church writer, "hidden from the public eye for centuries in the archives of London, Venice, and else- where, are rapidly being printed, and every fresh find establishes more clearly the utter scoundrelism of the reformers; Danton, Marat, and Robespierre stand on a higher moral level than these villains and merit greater respect than Cranmer, Ridley or Latimer. These are no hasty sentiments, but the result of years of careful reading;" and he adds that "plunder, sacrilege, adultery, and perjury were as habitual to the reformers as sleeping and waking. Another declares the Anglican reformers to have been " the very scum of the earth." Of course, therefore, I cannot impose the opinions of her reformers on any High Churchman. It is a question of acts, not of opinions, and I merely quoted the latter as throwing light on the former. It is incorrect to say that no argument has ever been adduced against Barlow consecra- tion, except one fact that, no record of it can be found. When at the time Catholics urged that Archbishop Parker had not been duly consecrated, he did not reply by producing the register of his consecration, which would have put the fact beyond dispute, but applied for and obtained an Act of Parliament to remedy any defects there might have been therein, and the register itself was not produced or specifically alluded to for more than fifty years afterwards; not, indeed, until every one named in it was dead. It is also significant that there are many facts connected with the entry of Parker's consecration in the Lambeth register that render it probable that it was not entered contemporaneously with the supposed event ; such, for instance, as that one Nicholas Ballinpham is men- tioned as Archdeacon of Lincoln, which he was not until long after the pre- tended date of the entry. Moreover, the entry is made with much detail, and bears marks of having been carefully worded with a view to anticipated objections. In this it is unlike any other entry in the register, and the volume in which it occurs is evidently a new volume and a clean copy of a former one. Canon Estcourt proves conclusively that the Lambeth register is not the original record of what took place, but a glossed version thereof, in which certain awkward facts are suppressed, and that it is in short a cooked copy— cooked to cover the fact that Barlow, Parker's consecrator, was himself unconsecrated. The Lambeth register was not produced till the reign of James I. He was a strong advo- cate for episcopacy, and early in his reign he became dissatisfied with the evidence of valid orders in the Anglican communion, and it is said that he entered into secret negotiations with Henry VI. of France to import real bishops from that country. This fell through. It was probably to convince him that the revised edition of the Lambeth register was produced for the first time by Mason. There was an outcry of incredulity and astonishment among Catholics when Mason's register appeared, and in order to quell this four Catholic priests were brought out of prison by Archbishop Abbot, and ordered to inspect it in his presence and that of the Bishops of Ely, Lincoln, London, and Ro- chester, and to bear testimony as to its genuineness. They, not being experts, failed to detect any forgery, but begged to be allowed to examine it more at leisure before deciding. This request was refused, and they were sent back to prison. Qui s'excuse s'accuse, and I think that this action speaks volumes. For 50 years Catholics had taunted Anglican bishops with having no orders, and had chal- lenged them to show their credentials; said they were not consecrated, but were merely bishops by Royal authority, and that Parker was himself no bishop. Surely if the Lam- beth ceremony had really occurred, and that Barlow, the consecrator, had been himself a bishop, the advocates of Anglican orders would have answered by referring to the Lambeth register; whereas it was not till after 50 years, and when everybody who had taken part in it was dead, that Mason announced its existence. Harding specially taunted Jewell with this want of consecration, and defied him to prove that he was validly ordained. Jewell answered boldly enough until Harding said—"But who laid hands on your archbishop (Barlow)?" Then answered he never a word. On Sep- tember 9, 1559, the Queen issued a royal mandate to four Catholic and two Pro- testant bishops, directing them to con- derate and confirm one Parker, a notorious Protestant and chaplain to the Queen to the archiepiscopal see of Canterbury. Tunstal, who was to have been the consecrator, together with two of the other Catholic bishops, refused to act, and were subsequently deprived of their sees with the rest of the Catholic episcopate. On the failure of the commission there was, of course, an embarrassment, and a correspon- dence ensued between Cecil (the Secretary of State) and Parker. In the State Paper Office there is a letter from Parker, on which Cecil has appended two mar- ginal notes. One is about Edward's ordinal of which he writes:—" This is not established by Parliament.'' The other is about the possibility of a consecration under the circumstances, and he says—" There is no archbishop nor any four bishops now to be had, wherefore quarendum." They were clearly in a fix ; but though baffled by Tunstal's refusal to consecrate, Elizabeth, furious that her royal will should be thwarted, determined to over- come the difficulty by exercising her royal pre- rogative as supreme head and fountain of ecclesiastical jurisdiction. She therefore dis- pensed with the rites and ceremonies of con- secration, and proclaimed Parker in a solemn act Archbishop of Canterbury. Later on she issued a mandate to Kitchen, of Llandaff (a Catholic bishop who refused to take part); Barlow, elect of Chichester; Scory, elect of Hereford; Miles Coverdale, Bishop Suffragan of Bedford; John, suffragan of Hetford; and Bale, Bishop of Oesory, to consecrate Parker. This mandate contained an additional clause by which the Queen of her supreme authority supplied all deficiency in the acts done by them, or in the person, or state, or faculty of any of them, such being the necessity of the case and the urgency of the time. This was the mandate, and Barlow, assisted by Scory, Coverdale, and Hodgkins, confirmed the election of Parker in their own words— "By the supreme authority of the said most serene lady our Queen, supplying by the supreme royal authority . . . . . dele- gated to us, all defects in the election, as well as in those things done by us, or that are, or shall be in ourselves, or in the condition, state, or capacity of any of us for this performance." It seems to me clear that the "defects" re- ferred to in the state (statu) of any of them was the want of orders on the part of Barlow. Later on authorisation was sought and obtained from Parliament (1st Elizabeth) for the omission of the ceremonies, and on March 21 a Bill was read a second time —"That the Queen shall collate or appoint bishops, the bishoprics being vacant, and that without rites or ceremonies." And the point worth noticing is that the mandates of Henry for the restitution of the temporalities to a new bishop were to this effect:—"Whereas such a chapter and such a see has, by our per- mission first obtained, elected such a person, and whereas the Archbishop of Canterbury has, by his letters to us, signified that he has consecrated that person, and invested him with episcopal authority; we, by these present, charge you, the escheator, to surrender the temporalities." In the case of Parker the words —"And whereas we have given our royal assent and have received his fealty due to us for the said bishopric," were substituted for those printed in italics. What was the reason for the change? The reason was that Parker had received no valid consecration, and that therefore the ordinary words were inapplicable to him. I am not here contending whether a service did or did not take place "between 5 and 6 one morning by torchlight in Lambeth Chapel;" but that even if it did there was no consecration, insomuch as Barlow, who is said to have officiated, was himself no bishop. Those who are said to have taken part in the ceremony thought little and cared less about consecration. The royal authority made bishop and, as Elizabeth informed one of them, "could unmake them." They were State officials, and the Crown, the "source and fountain" of all ecclesiastical power, could if it saw fit dispense with the ceremony of their consecration; from it they derived their orders as well as their mission and jurisdiction. The source of their mission is clearly pointed out by a well-known High Church writer (now a Catholic) who, before leaving them, asked his brother clergymen the following questions: —"Whence did the Legal Primate Parker get his mission as a Christian bishop? By whom was he sent?" And he adds, "Certainly not from the apostolic source from which all his predecessors had received it, not from the Catholic Episcopate of England." They were deprived, banished, imprisoned, or " interned" in private houses; not from the four See-less and letters- patented creatures of the crown, who confirmed his elec- tion and were supposed to give him a sham consecration; but he did get it from Elizabeth, and acknowledges in his act of homage that "he holds his bishopric as well in spirituals as in temporals from her alone of the crown royal." I will end this letter by giving you an ac- count of Parker's consecration, written by one who lived in the time of Elizabeth. " When Elizabeth," says Saunders, "restored the law for making bishops, according to which the Queen's prelates were to be ordained, it was required that besides the metropolitan, or with his consent, two or three bishops should assist and impose hands on them. But it fell out ridiculously that when these super- intendents were to be created they could not prevail with the Catholic bishops to impose hands on them; and among their own party they had not three, or even two, bishops by whose hands or consent they might be ordained. . . . They were very pressing with an Irish arch- bishop, whom they at the time were keeping in prison in London, to help them in this neces- sity, and offered him his liberty and other re- wards if he would be the principal in their ordination; but the good man could not for any consideration be induced to impose con- secrated hands on heretics, or to be a partaker in other men's sins. And thus, as they were without any legitimate ordination, and were commonly said and proved, even by English law, to be no bishops, they were obliged to call in the aid of the secular arm and to ob- tain the confirmation of the lay government in a subsequent Parliament, so that by that authority, whatever in the previous consecration had been improperly done or omitted or otherwise than the statute pre- scribed, might be condoned them, although after they had filled the episcopal chair and discharged the office of bishops for some years without episcopal consecration. Hence the name was given them of Parliamentary bishops." I may here mention that the teach- ing of the Catholic Church is that at a conse- cration one only is consecrator, the others assistants and witnesses. If the church esta- blished by Henry VIII. has other " views" it is probable they are evolved to defend her peculiar position. I maintain, therefore, that viewed histori- cally Anglican orders are at best doubtful, and whereas viewed theologically they are cer- tainly invalid. Mr. Marson blames me for joining in the attack against High Churchman, and the only Catholic (a priest) to whom I have men- tioned the subject agrees with him, though on different grounds I would greatly regret wounding unnecessarily the feelings of any High Churchman, or delaying for one moment that filial obedience to the Pope which Mr. Marson promises, and which I believe the High Church party are doing great things towards effecting. The question of order is not the main question between Catholics and Anglicans; it is but a side issue. Arians, Nestorians, and Donatists had valid orders, and yet St. Augustine, writing to the Dona- tists, whose only sin consisted in refusing to listen to the voice of Peter, says, "Outside the Catholic Church the schismatical bishop can have everything except salvation. He can have the sacraments, he can believe the gospel, he can both have and preach the faith, but nowhere except in the Catholic Church can he have salvation." St. Cyprian teaches that "not even martyrdom will avail to win salvation for those who are, through their own fault, outside the church." Mr. Marson calls me a foreigner. It is quite true that St. Augustine was an Italian monk sent by the Pope to England, but I cannot in the least see how that changes the nationality of those who accepted and their descendants who retained the message he brought. I honor Mr. Marson because he has the pluck to acknowledge his veneration for the mother of God, and his contingent willingness to submit to the See of Peter, doctrines not popular and generally kept quiet by Anglicans; still, calling names will not tend to bring about the cause he has at heart, and I for one have no intention of returning "railing for railing."— Sir—l think the great body of Protestant Churchmen in South Australia will feel thank- ful to the Rev. Mr. Nicholson for the able, courteous, and straightforward manner in which he pulverised the notion of apostolical succession in his address to the Wesleyan Con- ference. It must surely be well known to our own clergy, as it evidently is to Mr. Nicholson, that the majority of Anglicans in Australia do not believe in this ecclesiastical chimera. The so-called historical arguments as to the practice of the early Church in this matter are worth- less, because we know from the letters of S. Paul and the apocalypse of S. John that the churches had gone astray even in the days of the Apostles. Even if this were not the case it seems only reasonable to suppose that had this notion been regarded as important by Christ and the apostles it would have been distinctly affirmed in the New Testament, which it is not. The Rev. C. L. Marson refers to a "foolish man." I would remind him that people who live in glass houses should not throw stones. Further he says—" The Church wrote, edited, and gave such authority to the New Testament as that textbook possesses." This statement is incorrect and misleading. The apostles were inspired, in accordance with Christ's promise (S. John xiv. 26), to write a true record of Christ's moral and spiritual teaching, which they did. The Church simply preserved and handed down the records as written; therefore we should rather say that God, through the medium of the apostles, gave the New Testament to all nations, hence it is truly the Word of God and cannot possibly derive any authority from the Church. I would not have written, only that it seemed to me and to others unfair that the large body of church- men should be branded as holding views which they repudiate, and which are in reality only held by a small sect on the outskirts of the Church, which may fitly be termed the high church mission. In conclusion let me wish our impetuous young friend, Rev. C. L. Marson, bon voyage, and express the hope that in the old country, whither report says he is bound, he will be able to find some snug little corner as third or fourth curate to some ritualistic big gun, where there are no foolish people and where he will be duly appreciated, for it really does seem a pity that so much superior intelli- gence should be wasted in this desolate little village. Sir —The controversy that is being carried on reminds me of a lot of children who quarrel over the shadow of a thing while they ignore the rich substance. The important question with me is not whether the ministers of the Anglican Church can, or cannot prove a direct succession from the Apostles by means of the rite of consecration, but whether a man is really consecrated to do the highest work of Christ's Church by the laying on of hands by a consecrated person, or by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If the laying on of hands does not take place does the baptism of the spirit fail to consecrate? And if a man receive not the baptism of the Holy Ghost does the laying on of hands consecrate him to do God's work? I think all true Christians will admit that the baptism of the Spirit consecrates a man to do the highest work in Christ's Church, even if the laying on of hands be dispensed with ; and that the laying on of hands without the baptism of the Holy Ghost does not consecrate. Then why do Christians so earnestly contend about the shadow of consecration, while they altogether ignore the rich substance ? If the baptism of the Holy Ghost in itself con- secrates for God's work that is all we need to be concerned about, and if the laying on of hands does not in itself consecrate then we are not concerned about it. Now, the Anglican Church is well aware that dissenting ministers have not been consecrated by the laying on of hands, but are they prepared to swear so posi- tively that they have not received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If they can prove that dissenting ministers have not received the one thing essential to consecration, viz., the baptism of the Holy Ghost then they are justified in characterising them as not belonging to the true Catholic Church, but they are not justified in condemn- ing them because they have not received that which is not essential to consecration. The whole position is the outcome of having wrong ideas with regard to true consecration. The Anglican Church holds that its bishops have the power to consecrate a man to God's service, but I maintain that they have not. They have the power to give the Church's sanction to his consecration, but the consecration itself is the man's own act in receiving the Holy Ghost into his heart. From the very nature of things it is not possible for one man to consecrate another to the work of God. Apart from the power of the Spirit man must of necessity consecrate himself, because it is not in the power of any other man to do it for him, whether he be Bishop, Archbishop, Cardinal, or Pope. Can any of these great dignitaries of the Church keep a man faithful to God ? If they can they can consecrate to God's service; but if they cannot, neither can they consecrate. He alone can command faithfulness, therefore He alone can con- secrate. All the bishop has the power to do is to give the sanction of the Church to the self-consecrated life and if he possess the necessary qualifications for the post receive him into the Church as a shepherd of the flock, but if the Church withholds its sanction, is the life less con- secrated on that account? No, not one whit. A man may be just as much consecrated to God's service without the official sanction of the Church as he is with it. When a man ceases to live for self and begins to live for the general good of mankind and the honor and glory of God he has received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That is all the consecra- tion that he needs to perform the highest service in Christ's Church. Not all the Church dignitaries in creation can consecrate him one whit more. In a letter upon this subject "Charles Marson" writes that the onus of proof is not with Catholics to trace their apostolic pedigree, for the Holy Catholic Church alone claims the seat of the Apostles, and goes on to say that if the Wesleyans want those 12 thrones they have but to establish their better pedigree. It is to be hoped that the Anglican priesthood have some men with broader views than Mr. Marson, and it is a good job for those outside of the Anglican Church that Jesus Christ, the Saviour of the world, does not hold the same views that he does. If the various churches of the world possessed all they lay claim to there would be more than Mr. Marson throwing their hats up in the air. And the Apostles would find when they come to take possession of their twelve thrones that they had wonderfully increased in the earth, and instead of the twelve all told that they left behind them they would probably find 144 on their return. But as it is not at all likely that any church really possesses all that it lays claim to, it will be well for each to carefully consider what it really does possess. And with a view to aiding this self-in- spection perhaps "Charles L. Marson," and all others who are in need of the information will allow me to inform them that the Holy Catholic Church, as established by our Saviour, is the brotherhood of man, and to the extent that any church teaches and prac- tices the true principles of the brotherhood. Just to that extent does she belong to the true Catholic Church, and to the extent that any church teaches and practices the rites, cere- monies, and dogmas of sectarianism just to that extent she is not the true Catholic Church. 