HEELTAPS. [Br Fbkblunohkb.] In the room behind the bar, Where people most do congregate, You get the gossip, near or far, Of matters past, and up to date. "The windy affairs of men "Rise like a cloud of dust, "And are as quickly laid again." AN AVERTED SHOCK. The Hon. P. O. Fysh, Premier of Tas- mania, is so like sainted Sir John Colton that when I saw him sitting cheek by jowl with the Hon. S. J. Way, Chief Adulator of South Australia and her dependencies, at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, a cold shudder crept up my back, and made my spine feel like a wet snake under my singlet. Fancy the horror of it, sainted Sir John Colton, pillar of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church, friend of Bonython of the Flagom the man who never smoked in his life, and who does not know the joys of a heeltap AT the gaff ! ! ! The Weeleyan cause would hava been shaken to the foundations, John Wesley's ghost would have risen in wrath and smitten the sainted Sir John over the head with his hymn book, and there would have been chaos worse confounded, I brothe again, it looked fishy, but it was indeed Fysh, not Colton. The hair was the hair'of Colton, but]the voice was the voice of Fysh, and the cold sensation left me. to be aucoeeded by a warm flush of shame that I Bhould have thought for one moment that Colton could have committed such a sin ' Now-a-days.' For a wonder the Chief Justioe did not occupy the vice-regal box— he generally likes to spread himself, but on this occasion, with his distinguished guests kthe Premier and Attorney-General, he humbly sote among the common heard of the dress circle. I spotted him from the gallery, where, true to the instincts of a Freeluncher, I sat as a dead-head. It is awful when you get a shock like that I endured over Colton. It's not the shock, but the nasty way you get it. BIGNOLB THE RUMBUSTIOUS. I laid awhile ago that I heard William Rignold was a better actor than his brother, and now I know it. William is genuine and genial ; his John Sarton, the stormy souledold Yorkshireman in 'Now-a-days' is so thoroughly natural that everybody who does not consider the Theatre Royal an abode of Agapemone ought to go. I haven't met him privately — he pays his way, and I'm only a Freeluncher — but I can imagine that he is a jolly old chap. He is a sort of Australian Toole, with none of Toole's absurdities. I never could worship that pl&yed-ont; old English jester as some people here did. His jokes were decrepit Joe Millerisms, and his humor was of the spangles and sawdust sort, bnt then his English audiences grew up in the atmosphere of Tooleri8m, and virtually were brought an on Toole just as I have been brought up on the bottle— the XXX kind. KIND OF PROMISCUOUS. Quiz used to cast this keen eye at the virtues and foiblea of the stage from the stalls. ' I notice now, .that he has ascended to the dress circle. Can it be that the last leg show before Mepbistopheles came here brought the blush of outraged modesty to hiBshaven cheek, and sent him to an elevation from whence he can see that sort of thing foreshadowed as it were. When I am in town I favor the gallery— I like th6 gods— and moreover it makes me nervous when I go into the dress circle, and have a battery of eyes turned upon me, as I hear amidst a buzz of respectful admiration voices whisper (Irish audible fashion), ' That's the famous writer, 'Freeluncher,' of the Bunyip; he is almost equal to Quiz for good natured satire ;'' and then when the Governor sends Special Aide de Camp Lieutenant-Col. Gordon to present ' His Excellency's com plimepts, and he would like the honor of your presence in his box,' I feel completely done for, and wish Fd put on a clean collar and had not cut myself shaving, or hadn't come at all. There is a writer quoted in the Ex press who baili under th« name of Miss Mantalini, and she writes mantalineal matter. 1 do not know whether she is a mantle lineal descendant of the Mr. Man talini whom Dickens knew so intimately, but if she is I can only say as a male heathen who does not know a bonnet from a buetle that he has a better grip of feminine fripperies than her progenitor. Charles Dickena's wife, by all accounts, was not up to much in the matter of buttons, but per haps he got his experience as a sort of Free luncher outside as I do, and his evident knowledge of the feminine wardrobe, like wise the mysteries of the toilet of Eve after the expiration of the lease of Paradise, was gained from the barmaids of the period. Dickens surely could not have taken those long walks of his at nigbt without dropping into a pub occasionally, as I do, even on a Sunday night when the mystic terror of Magarey's unseen presence per vaded the bar. I don't know really why I started this par, hut I was reading the Express going home in the car, and the name Miss Man talini struck me like the point of & parasol when a lady opened it before she had fairly got out on the road, as ladies will. pjjl seem to have lost the thread of my ?object ; I know what I started with, but don't quite see the end of the thread, like a good many other writers of my kidney who have been lo Hit races and not struck the bulk assay of the tote. Talking of the tote it reminds me that I saw a most unmistak able parson there, putting his money on the — well, I wont give him away, but he had a prominent member of Parliament cheek by jowl with him, and they might have been in partnership. NameB ! lor, bless you, two steam road rollers could not drag them from me ! Besides he might have been 'spying out the land.' You can't expect even a parson to know anything about original or modern sin without beiog on the outskirts, and a little over tlve edge himself. THANK YOU VERY MUCH. I perceive that the Mount Barker Courier has patted Freeluncher on the back, 'or seems to do eo. Curiously enough the paper containing the item in that go-ahead paper was shown me by a friend. Now my experience as a man of the world is that one's friends devote themselves more religiously to drawing one's attention to the satirical and nasty remarks made abont one —they never miss those opportunities, and in a perfectly kindly way ask you if you have seen Quiz, the Mount Barker Courier, Bulletin, the Melbourne Punch, Needles, Crumbs, or any other field for outspoken comments, but it is so unusual to hare a man's friend attract hU attention to any thing pnbli*hed of a flattering character that I am inclined to think that the Courier is poking Mount Barker fun at Freeluncher. If yon write anything nasty about a man it makes a lot of difference to the post-office delivery ; there is sure to be a. run on the paper containing the gall and wormwood, and the unhappy subject gets quite a pile of that date, all sent by his dearest and moBt disinterested friends— I know, for Fve been there. Human nature's weak, but it is very strong in that line ; the energy developed would run a loaded trolly with' out horses up the bill leading from Murray street to the Gawler cemetery. LOCAL TALENT. E. W, Christmas, a young colonial artist, but modest withal, is away sketching on the backwaters of the Murray, and intends to take some samples of Australian sketches made in out of the way places, beyond the beaten track of travellers home, to England, where he intends to go with the laudable idea of improving his style. I hope and trust that he will do well as he deserves it, being original, enthusiastic, and careful in his devotion to the brush and palette. THE DISMALS. Numbers of people are in the dismals because the Block Ten mine wants the tin smith badly to solder up Us bottom which they are afraid is falling out. Some profess to be afraid that the tinker will be wanted for some of the other mines, even the Broken Hill, but I find by experience that it is the man who has the least interest in a mine who makest the biggest howl. THR DEVIL, I MEAN THE PRINTER belonging to the Bunyip deserves my best thanks. I Eead you a proof, which for a first proof is singularly free from errors. Considering that my writing is something like Charley Kingston's, a cross between Arabio and shorthand with a whiff of Hebrew and a twang of early Irish, your compositors do wonderfully welL My copy comes out as clean as a boy's first whiBtle as a rule. NOT FOR DEEMING. There is a story going round town that a well-known Adelaide publican went down to the railway station with a very liberal offer for Miss Bounsefell, the uncemented object of Deeming's devotion, but he misBed her because he allowed himself to be guided by the portraits of her published in the papers, If the identification of Deeming had depended upon the alleged portraits of him circulated, half a dozen people could have been hanged upon the pictorial evidence and Deeming ought to have been now at large on another mashing expedition. By the way, although it has nothing to do with the subject, it is said that Jenny Opie is in Adelaide. If Leamington gets adrift I Opie does not come here. Mem.— Don't expeot any more oopy from me this week, because a heeltapper has just knocked me insensible with a tumbler for that pnn. 