Bob Martin's Little Girl. A NOVEL By Dated Chbistie Mttrbay, luthor of ?* Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Bachel,' 'Bainbow Gold,' &c.; [Axil Bights Eesbbvid.j CHAPTER L A pair of lovers wore strolling along an English, country lane, the sun had fallen half an hour before, but its beams were still reflected in the zenith, so that through, the over-arching boughs of lofty hedge rows, and the trees studded about them. there fell a radiance which, though, soft and ghost-like, still gave light enough for the man and maid to read each other's faces. The male, as was natural, took ardent avantage of his opportunity, and walking with drooping head and sidelong face, kept his eyes nzed upon the girl's half-averted features. She, for her part, stole only an occasional glance at him, each time swiftly withdrawn. She' was not pre-eminently pretty, except to a lover's eyes, but her face was full of a vivacious tenderness, and at every fugitive glance she gave him her companion's heart yearned over her. ' You are quite sure you love me !' said the young man. putting the question for the 20th time that evening. The girl's sly glance met his for a moment and drooped again. She gave him no further response, but for a while at least he seemed satisfied, and they walked on slowly in the. gathering dunk, until at the corner of the lane he put his arm about her waist, and drawing her gently to him, arrested her footsteps. She laid her head upon his breast with no pretence of coyness as he stood with his arm* folded about her shoulders.' They were as happy as love and youth could make them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers have a right to be. But whilst- they stood thus in silence, the noise of a figure crashing through the hedge-row started them apart, and an intruder landed in the roadway almost at the lovers*' feet. Of the three the new comer seemed the most disturbed. He peered through the gloom first at one and then at the other of the pair upon whose solitude he had unwittingly broken, and once or twice his lips moved as if he would willingly have framed some sort of apology, bat never a word he spake. With eaeh second that went by the silence bade fair to be mora embarrassing, but the girl, re covering her equanimity somewhat, tardily broke the awkward spell. ' Good evening, Mr.j Hetheridge.' The intruder made shift to pluck off his hat and to stammer a response, of whig^ no word was audible. With that he moved away leaving the lovers alone, in a con siderable momentary embarrassment. They had scarce recovered themselves when the intruder was back again, and even in the deepening diiBk it was plainly to be seen that he had contrived, short as the interval had been, to throw aside his confusion. He carried his shoulders in decidedly truculent fashion and graBped his walking stick by the middle with the air of a man who means business. ** I don't want to interrupt you just now, Mr. Redwood,' he began, and there paused to moisten his lips with his tongue. ' But if it's convenient to you I should like a word with you before the night'a out.' 'Very good,' returned the lover, catch ing shad* of the intruder's manner, ' Name your time,' eaid the intruder. '-Will 10 o'clock suit you P' '-Perfectly j 1'Jl call on you at that time/' ?With that he swung upon his, heel and marched rapidly away, his footsteos sounding on the sun-baked road, whilst he walked 100 yards or «o- and then /ailing suddenly into silence as be vaulted a stile and took his way through the deep grass of the hay meadow. ' George/' said the girl, laying an im ploring hand on her companion's firm. M You won't quarrel, will you P' ' My darling,11 George responded, passing an arm abput her waist, ** I've nothing to quarrel about as far as I know, and I don't think either that I'm of a guarr*!som$ torn of mind.** ' You have nothing to quarrel about,'' the girl answered, « bat he has, or at least he thinks he has.' 'Oh,' George answered, langhing, ' that's an old story, and I should think by this time Im'b had the sense *o forg** all about ifc. We fought about it in ttnr«ofc»ol days, but we're £&*&&%& now, the pair of us, and it would 3» a pity if a pair of sensible people should fall to loggerhea&a; over a dead and Wried old yarn, like -that.' « It isn't dead and buried for John Hetheridge,' the girl responded. « He be lieves it to this day, ha was epeaMmg to Sir Eustace about it only this morning. He was speaking angrily- and noisily as he does sometimes/ and the gardener over heard them. Aunt M&ry; told me at tea time thiB evening. She was afraid that there wpuld always be black blood between them.' ' Well, my dear,*' the young man answered easily, 'it takes* two to make a quarrel. My father used to say that anger was as catching as the measles, but I've never found it so. If Jack Hetheridge likes to be a fool he must take his way singly. I promise you he shan't tempt me to keep him, company.' They began to walk on 'slowly once more, the young man fondling his com panion's ungloved hand, and now and then stooping to kiss it. It was almost dark by this time, and each saw the other's face only as a pale featureless blot on the back ground of the gloom. The girl paused suddenlv in her walk. and. throwinsr both arms about her lover, clung to him tightly, and he, raising his hand to her face, found it was wet with tears. *' Why, Ellice, darling,' he demanded tenderly, «* what's the matter? You don't use being like this. There's no danger in the world. I'm not afraid of Jack Hethe ridge of all men in the world, and you shan't be, if I can help it. Now don't worry, my darling ; dry your eyes and think no more about it.' 'There's something elso, George,' the girl whispered, still clinging to him. An this George started with a sudden divination. « Oh, that's it, is it ?' he asked with a certain dryness in - his tone, ' he's had the cheek to have it out at last, has he ?' « You knew about it?' Ellice asked him in a whisper which barely reached his ears. « Why,-my dear,' George answered, U it stands to reason that I knew about it. When a man loves a girl as much as I do you ? ' He paused there to emphasise his speech bj. a hug and a kiss. ' When a man loves a girl as much as I do you, it makes him pretty keen to see when anybody else is hanging about after her. I could always be sure that you never liked the fellow, and. that if I went single 1 it wouldn't be for his sake. When did you send him about his bu&inesB;, darling f ' 'He spoke to me yesterday,' she answered, in a shame stricken whisper, as if she had been confessing a guilty secret. '* So late as that,' said George. ' I can understand his being a bit rusty lighting on|us in that sudden way awhile ago; if I'd come on him in the same way I should have been like; enough to- break his head for him. But then of course it would have been different, for I should have known the beggar wasn't there by your good wilL But don't letfs think of him any more, my dear ; he shall have his talk to-night, and I'll tell you all about it in the morning. In the meantime there are lots of pleasanter things in the world than Jaek Hetheridge for you or me to think about, and here's one of them. When's the day to be, my darling ? When are you going to make me the happiest man in Worcestershire P' She put these queries by, and he grew tenderly remonstrant and even a little fiery. This was agreeable, and not lightly to be ended. He grew more ardent still, and frightened her deliriously with his kisses, protestations, and embraces, until at last she gave him an answer. They would be married that* day three months, and on that delightful understanding he conducted her to her own garden gate, bade her a lover-like good night there, and swung off homeward to meet the intruder of an hour and a half before. His mother, a quiet, grey-haired old woman, sat knitting in the parlor by the light of a pair of tall candles. ' I've done it at last, mother,' he said, as he stooped to kiss her.' 'What has't done, lad f' the old lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. ' I doubt,' the young fellow answered, laughingly, ' that you'll want a bit of practice ; but you'll have to stand up for one dance at l«ast this day three months.' ' Oh, oh .' said the old lady. « You've spoken to Ellice ?' ' Yes, mother,' the young man respon ded, ' Fve spoken to Ellice, and we're to be married this day three months.' The mother rose and kissed him, and cried over him a little, as x tender mothers will sometimes in such a case. 'Who'd ha7 thought of littla Ellie Greenaway and you a growin* up to be man and. wife together? Well, well, she's a pretty gell, George, and a good gell, and I think she'll make you happy! And, if you're as good a husband as you've been a son to me, she's got a prize in ten thousand. You've got your mother^ blessia', George, my lad,' The affectionate colloquy was broken in upon by a knocking at the front door. ' There's Jack Hetheridge,' said George. ' I met him in Barslow-lane a while ago, and he said he wanted a word with me. He's come forlt now* I guess.' ?« It's private businessi George?' his mother asked. - 'Yes,' said George, 'I suppose it's private business. He seems to be in a bit of a hurry for it, too. What -are the maids about P' . The knocking at the front door was re newed more loudly than before, and George himBelt answered the summons. ' There's nobodr hard of hearing in this house, Jack,' she said as he opened the door. **£!ome an. We'll hav# our talk in my own room, if you don't mind. We can be private there.** He led the -way through the pitch 'dark hall, with xhe assnxed. foot of custom. The' visitor followed' him gropingly .for a yard or two, and -then coming into collision, ?with some unseen pifip© of furjniture- eursed quietly to himself andivaitedj By-aiui-bye George appeared _4n\ a doorway with ~* candle, and beckoned to the^ sslf-invited ?guest ? ' .^' - -/'-. «1Sow 3aok*-^ asked, wheh they w*re seated together, with the light Iwtwetm them, « what's ihe word about P', k ^ r* *; They irere a strongly and ^venfeteaAgily assorted pair to look at. -' *B*ije;-:;wai ^ scarcely a difference of a month in tbfcii ageB, but Hethieridge might easily Tiave been taken for GeorgeVeenior byihalf a aoore of years. Hi* features were thin and puckered, his forehead was prematurely bald, his thin lips ruled a hard, straight line, which dipped suddenly atihe eoxikera$ and his pale grey feyes were xjra&ea;* BKtt angry looking ae they wandered hither and thither in their shiftiness, as if their owner were seeking something to revenge a^pite upon. His hair, Ms eyebrows, and Ms little bits of side whiskers worn ail of the same no-color, out unusually crisp and Wiry. A mere rime of closely shaven beard sparkled in the candlelight upon lii| cheeks and chin* He had a nervous knack of ^lengthening the jaw, and scraping -#ith thumb and finger over this close teimihea itubble in such a way as to elicit a faintly audible sound. In stature he wad slight* but inclined to be tails The man who faced him, waiting for the opening of the conversation, was a well built deep-chested fellow with a fresh, un wrinkled face, a kindly aspect, and large, bluish grey eyes that looked aB open and as honest as the day. (TO BE CONnKUED.) 