L A W AND MEDICINE. THE North Melbourne Council should have had enough oE legal expenses lately, and tbe item of £45 Se. paid to three; doctors in connection with consultations, examinations, and attendance at Court in connection with the case of O'Donnell versus the Town of North Melbourne, which appears among the accounts recommended for payment by tbo Finance Committee iii this week's notice paper, is not a very pleasant pill for the Council to have to swallow. Whatever tbe equities of a case may be, it ..is well known that juries sympathize with individuals rather than with corporations, and, where tbe former-mike:out any sort of case at all, will promptly award him fat damages, on the assumption that the defendant bank; council, or any other corporate body,has "plenty oF-money," and ean well afford;io:;besto?f.ia Jiandsome solatium 1 on the suEferer hy their ncglect. Therefore . it; beboves.. conn-, cillors to be extra .solicitous about 'setting their house in7order," with a tew to possible , la^euitSj. ending m defeat and. expense-for. them as public representatives of the ratepayers; and it is fnr better to spend a few pounds in removing obstacles bntroadwajrs; or filling up holes, than to have to swell the incomes of lawyers and their clients. , The piling up of medical evidence at tbe case quoted availed the North Melbourne Council nothing, and they had better occupy their time looking for . other " stumbling . blocks " with a view to their removal rather than periodically endow the two : " learned professions," the names of which appear at the head of this article. A deputation' from the Flemington and Kensington Counofl consisting of the Mayor (Cr. Durham), and OrB. Prout, DaviB, and Pridham, waited on the Bsilway CommiB-' sionerB on Tuesday, to ask that a' bridge should be.-oonstruoted oyer the railway, line at Arden Street, in order to make provision for the trafiio. They pointed oat that the bridge was very badly required, end would prove of great convenience to that portion of the borough. Tbe Commissioners, in response, said that in 'the present stagnant condition of affairs, it was impossible to make any promisss of undertaking works which there was a very remote prospect-of carrying out. The coBt ' of' the bridge would probably amount to about £3000, and, in any case, the local Counoil wonld have to sharo in the .cost. . The; deputation next urged that the fareB should be .reduced to the old scale,.as rthe Essen- 4on line.was one.of.the best paying- in 4be Vicblon'y.' Tho Commissioners pro: misBd to favourably consider this matter. M'VflKWy commended," .wiif'lhe un- 'ollppd oomnliment plid 'OU'wergetio p&WfMr.; a A, AtkiaA^the close ambtftptot AgricaltnralWbw. for U« ?0iSfie3'"Qulnine Wine. 'The samples were not^plaoed for exhibition, but eo lapWiBSa wore thB judges with the quality .AUhBJBWufaotuo),,iUotthey»in.fairnuM: accorded Mr. Atkiii hls due. It oertainly <hoir.bnly,'«aw»r4-it-the-higho«t honorary- ,ention.«v. At 4 present -Mr, ., Atkin holds le field agatisBatliomirii;j I Or. T. Caine, the new]y-eleoted councillor for the Eastern "Ward, took his Boat at Mie'North: Melbourne ^unoil-tabl'j <"•: M6ndayJlKV,r»fler^signing,Alie;- usuat declaration. Or. Fogarty; said ,Or..Oaine had been a'b'attncillop'18 years agoj and he^vas glad, to. see, .him,back again ID his former ipherd of SctiWtjj'.' ThiNotlh Melbourne Bbard of Advice is at present, it appears, prabtioally useless r-one or two members having resigued and others gone to livein-another suburb The .board is legally existent, having the requtrkd*'tmmb"er of memberVbnt,'aB ® matter of faot, if ji meeting was summoned it is pretty well eertain-that a'quorum cuuld -not be obtained. However, save in the matter of authorizing.,prosecutions under the rrusncy blauseSMlre-EdUoation -Act, there anpearslitfle praotioal work for the ahiivi-'nnhia'a 5 bna^ tn' rindertakS—at any rate, justiatprosent. 1 • •! - A oircular to the?head« i|>tid'.«tuff of a l educational establishments has peen issued ^y ! Mr., : L; : -W;.Hart,iprbfM8orofphotography at the .Working Men'a College, intimating that-'when the'tmmes of twelve' students huvo been received, a claeB will Sbe opened on Saturday, at the College, fromWP-SO-tiU 12 a m Tho tern, which oo^ustVof<4en3esson8, mil Include all tbe ne'coBBaryinformiition'-for'eacceaBtuHy incorporating the art as on educational moans. Thesyllabns is a most excellent one: and any person:Wiehing to join can do so by applving to- Mr. Hart, 5 Affleck Street, South Yarra. The induction of the Rev. A. J. Wad< formerly.of RoBedate; to tbe pastorate of the Union ;.Memorial. Church, North Mel bourne, will take place on Friday evening, 23rd iost. The following Sunday the above gentleman will preaoh his initiatory seimons,,and on Thursday, the 29th, a public congregational welcome will he accorded to Mr. . Wade, in the shape of a tea-meeting in the North Melbourne Town Hall. Those who. had the pleasure of hearing the new pastor, speak of his.preaohiu'g in terms of admiration, and under his ministry the Presbyterian Church: at North.Melbourne should make 'both general and spiritual progress. TheNbrthMelbourn'eCounbil,onM')nday evening,.appointed Mr. J. Kearney to act as vuleer for the ensuing municipal year, at a remuneration.of £50, with £10 extra •allowance for clerical assistance and incidental expenses,. Recently" tho ' North Melbourne police have brought ceveral women before tlie local bench on a charge of vagrancy, and ia many instances tbey.havebsen arrested in lumblc-do^ujboyels; in.various parts of the town. It I'H OIIG of (lie drawbacks of this suburb, that it has within its area a number of wretched'tenements which are an.eyosore, and often form an abode for Idle people, who live: in squalor and wretchedness from, year 'to year. Tbe Council now and then condemn a house "unlit for human habitation," but it would appear before tbey can legally do tliir, the tenement must be pretty well in the last stages of decay, and so mBny erections of a ricketty and -mis'srable. nature escape the municipal ban.'. The'. only remedy would seem to be more stringent building regulations, end a continued' vigilance on the part of the police as to the behavi'.ur of the abandoned class residing in the towD. It is quite true that the depraved and vicious ihuit live somewhere, but, judging from the scenes in some of the lanes arid rights-of-way, It .is evident that North Melbourne his more than its share of the . Flemibgton 'baa »' ghost as well as Elsternwiok -and EsBundon! Last week it suddenly appeared before several females and nearly frightened them into fits. It is about 8 feet in height, and shrouded in spectral white.: Although " the ghost" is vory good at frightening timid women and children, it apparently has a great aversion to the male sex, as notwithstanding the fact of severul justly incensed citizens diligently, seeking it at all hours of the night, the ghost has not walked. Tho Railway Department have notified the Esgendon Town Council that the oommisaionore will take into consideration the request to restore the OtJginal time talld and rate of fares on the EsBendon line. The., agitation raised against the increase-of-.'fares IB therefore likely to have a satisfactory result. .The competition with the trams has no doubt made the commissioners- 'see their - Bhort-sightod •policy, and' that a ruturn to the old scale of fares. .will in the end prove far more remunerative to the department. .. Some of the EssondoiT ratepayers are mean enongh to try and use the .-lawn .tennis court without paying tbe annual subscription of. I0j. They may have a legal right, but certainly no moral right to do BO, and for the sake of the members who are, it is stated, prevented from playing in .oonsequence of the interlopers, it ie to be hoped that Cr. Dangerfield'a suggestion to givc/thci club permissive' oc- .cupancy of the ground, will be adopted. \- On .Wednesday morning a number of men gathered, in-front, of,the North Mel- 'bourne Town'Hall, awaiting engagement aB stone breakers. It would eeem from this that there is still a great many people in the town who are. put of work,, but it ia to be hoped tho summer weather will see an inoreascd demand for rural labour, and a ooosequeut:absorbing of a portion of the unemployed of.the.oity and suburbs. Tlio: services at the Union Memorial Church, North Melbourne, on Sunday last, were conducted by the Rev. Mr. Neville, a recent arrival from 'Forfarshire, Scotland. The rev:'gentleman preached two scholarly discourses,'whioh-Vere attentively listened to by. his congregations., i : 'The United Oonferenceheld at Geelong rthis week has bsena^reat sucoesB. .Large, mumbetfl^hoveuboon present at-thB-many meetings;-and altogothor a 'f good time'' has. been enjoyed. Tho Conference will close to-morrow. Employe Gleeson, whose case formed the subject of a leader, in a reoent isB'ie, lias, owing to his late discreditable conduct, bBentdisrated. Our pungent remarks evidently! bad the deBired: effect, as the Council's notice paper states that the committee—the mayor in the meantime putting on Gleeson,'who bad been dismissed the service, atlOd. perday—"unanimously" resolved to pay bim 8a. per day, and reduce OleesonYposition, with a rider that if he were again inebriated, dismissal would follow. -The monthly meeting of Union Memorial Sabbath School Band of Hops, Elm StreBt, :wili be held this evening, at 7.30 p.m., when Mr. J. W. Meaden, from the Band of Hope Union, will give an interesting address, followed by -singing and reciting. All are cordially invited. Tbie evening the half-yearly concert in connection with tbe Parkville Literary and Debating Society, will-take place in tbe dull, Gatehouse Street. A programme of special merit has been arranged. The North Melbourne Cricket Club held their" annnal ball in the Town Hall last night. ; The attendance was good, and a most enjoyable evening's' dancing was experienced.: :Tbe mnsio was supplied by Bobb's band, and the catering arrangements undertaken by. O. Straker. The ohairmau, Mr. G. Carter, and theseoretary, Mr. E. E:: Bean, with tbe committee, did all in their power to contribute to the pleasure of a most successful gathering: An appeal case, White v. Strickland, was dealt with by the Supreme Court on Wednesday last. The appellant, had been fined by the North Melbourne Bench for furioue driving, proceedings being initiated by Constable Strickland. He appealed, jind the higher eourt held that tbe magistrates convicted on meagre evidence,- and, I quashed their decision. 