?AMoW- i'tt ; Boxers; : ; (CONTINUED PKOJIPAQE 0.) ' CORBETT v. JACKSON. And yot it is doubtful if James J. Cprbott U tho Champion Hoavy-woight Pugilist of the World. Thoro is only one man, Peter Jaoksoir, whoso performances givo him tho'right to dispute with Corbett the titlo he won'from John L. Sullivan. That Charloy Mitchell, Joo Goddard and all tho other laud talkers would not stand tho ghost of a show nitaiuat Corbottor Jaoksonia theovorwhelmingopinioa of tho sporting world. It is a proity suro thing that if Sullivan could not hit Corbott, neither Mitcholl or Goddard could do it. As to Jackson, his draw light with Corbott in this oity givos him a,woll-dofinod right to another battle to settlo tho question of tho champion ship. Dispatohoa from tho East stato that Corbott has mode up hia mind to give tho sablo fighter the covoted chance as kuou tufhis thoatrioal contract with William A. Brady oipiros. As a monoy making proposition it would bo the height of folly for Corbott to outer tbo ring again whon thoro aro so many dollars in sight on tbo stage. When tho publio has boon surfeited with Corbott as an actor it will ba time enough for him to arrango another fight. ' Parson ' Davios, who roprosonts Jackson, says his man conoodos to Corbott tho right to amass money for a whilo, but in a few months he will expeot tho Calif orniau to defend bis title. Nothing would suit tho admirora of the) prize-ring more than to see these men oomai , together again. Thoy are tho most soientiBo fighters in the world to-day, and tho battlo, if ovor it takes placo, will bo a splendid ex hibition of the ingenious ring tactics adopted by tho modern sohool of pugilists. How tha fight would ond in what tho sports are asking - eaoh othor. Taking tho fight bofore the California Athlotio Clnb on May.21, 1890, ns a critorion, it is bard for two men to agreo OB who should win tho next battlo. J On that night Corbott woighod sixteen pounds .] loss than Jaokson. Both mon displayed re- I markablo onduranco, boantiful Bcieztco, mar- I vollous arilitv, but weak hitting powers. They / were both in bad condition. Jackson had in jured one of hi3 anklos, and thinking he hod ft ] cinch on winning tho fight, he neglected his training, and indulged himself in a. znosnoT that was not oustomary with him. Corbett ?) was a sick man when ho entered the ring. He ? . was comparatively a novico, and virtually;' nothing but an undeveloped youth. Never- j] tholosa ho stayed sixty-one rounds with'': Jackson, and it waa conoodod at tho end that he had a littlo tho best of tho fight, Tn9 dusky ohampion was vory weak, but managed to conceal his condition from his antagonist. ' When the men mot at a bath-houso after tha battlo, Corbott notod with surpriso how weak | and dilapidated Jaokson really was. ' If I had known how used up you were I wonld havo dono for you, but yon foolod.me, Peter,1' said Corbott. ] The colorod man showed hia toeth with a broad grin, and mado no answer, Sinoo that night a great improvement has taken placo in Corbett. He is a fully developed man, bi({ and strong. TJndor tho careful supervision ot bis trainers his bonoB and musolos have been matured, strengthened, aud hardened. Tha woak haudB that could not hit Foter Jaokson hard onongh to knock him senseless have be coma tho strong fists that laid John L. Sal livanlow. Baok of tho fists the wrists and arms that were liko young saplings when Cor- ,' bett fought Jackson havo bocome, through caroful manipulation at Btrongthening machines, tho bars of Bteel that won the championship' His wind, always good, has been Bo improved that hi3 trainors confidently asserted that ho could have fought a hundred rounds with Sullivau at the pace they- were - going. In short, the Corbett of to-day, in con dition, is a great improvement ou the eams man of two years ago. : V.' . Has Jaokson improved? Mon who have fo'l- . lowed his career say ho has reached the stage', of life that prevonts further building up. ? His battle with Slavin demonstrated that Jackson bos forgotten none of his clever ring tactics, and that be can bring himself to splendid form : if he trains faithfully. Tho improvement Corbett has mado in himself puts him about ' on an equality, with Jackson when the latter is :? fit. If Jackson had been in condition the' night ho fought Corbett, the ring career at}? the Californian would have ended then u»-l. there. Now things havo changed. . Wheu/% they meet again it will be on equiil.terms. .In.; the meantime no pugilistic dhthusiast wants to die until ho has seoh the battle. Sullivan's apologists say that whisky and not Corbett whipped the big fellow. .There are many men in this city qualified to judge the merits of fighters, and' they unite in the judgment that Corbett could havo whipped Sullivan the best day the latter ever saw. -In order to whip a man it is- neoessary to .land Wowb, and the jndgoB say that if Sullivan had never drank a drop of liquor in his life Corbett could have evaded his rushes just as oleverly as ho did last Wednesday night. Judging from thedospatches received from New Orleans bofore and after the fight, Sullivan waR declared vo bo in superb fix, and the ox-champion him solf stated that he could not charge his de feat to laok of proper traiaiiig.^-SJi', CmtONiaiiE. .j'* ? 