1JN 1 JaJtUU JilLJaJM UJio A MdlJERtfr IRISH-INDIAN STORY. Bt B. M. CEOEEE. CJHAPTER XXII. 'she' txndebstands me.' ..;;? .. (Continued.) 'And are you engaged P' Captain La Toucbe demanded sternly of Gooxge. 'No;' ' Oh, come then, it's not so bad af teg oil !' ?I only wish it was ao bod as you coll it.' 'Then why are yon not? Won't she havo jouP' inquired tlio other, with a jeoi? in bio eyes. ' Because I have only fifty pounds a yea? and my pay, &Q; lone as my mother lives, ond, out in this climate, poverty and screwing is the very deril. If I cok paoo and .get some otafi: ap pointment WO Dhall SHQOQKG all Eight.' ' Is she pretty ?' Eat I need not ar.k you ; of course sho is on angel,' said Captain Lb Toucho ferociously. ? She ia very pretty. Sho is moi'G than pretty, she is charming.3 'And oupposing oome ofchou Mlow stops in and snaps her up whilst yon dpo stowing over you? Hindestoni, How will yoa like that ?' George's face was o otucly iu complacency, 1 1 am not afraid,' ho said quietly. ' You oaght to hove spoken ood offered your« self at any rate.' ' Yes,' rathe? bitterly, * with nothing to oettlo on bat o sword and a tailor's bill.' 'Well, I hopo you will come oist of it all light. Have yon got hoi1 photograph P' ' Yeo,' examining it critically, ( well, it's a nioe face, bat oao cannot judge ; she may be marked with omollpos and have woali oyoa, and have a bad figure,' 'She has grey eyes and io tall and straight an a young fir- troo,' i'e]oiaed George indignnotiy. ' A daughter or the gods, divinely tall, eh P And what is her HDmoP' 'Elizabeth, but thoj coll hei1 Betty. Eliza beth Eedmond.' 'Any eolation to the Collector heroP' 'I don't know, very probably.' ? And what oi?o your, piano, if I may prooumo to inquire P' 'To paso if I oaaj and get something that Will add to say pay, and then to unto horae and esk her to come oat and marry me, She undei? stands mo !' ' I am glad to hoas it, for it'a more than I do,' sejoined his com?ado angrily. ' You mast ex cuse me fo? not L'oeoiving your newa with fcbo enthusiasm it deeorvoo, but yon know, George, you always cwore that yon would not marry before yon wero a major, if then,' ' Very likely, bat with all those aew wa?ranto I began to think I might neves bo a major ; yon won't say anything about it.' ? Trust me,' ho responded with a genturo of impBtienco ; 'besides, you ore not engaged, and the worst may not come to the worst : thei'o is many a slip between the cup and tho lip. I? you were in any other acrops I would lend you money, and for ou long ao you lilrod, and insiot on your taking it, but I'll isover lift a finger to help you to a wife.' Days and weeks went by slowly enough, but Betty's photograph aow atood boldly on George's writing-table, and spurred him to many a tough task. True, it was chaperoned by portraits of Mrs. Maloao end ?Ouekoo, and by casual ©yes she was supposed to be merely another sinter, and Captain La Toueho kept his ? seoret. Parados and regimental work occupied George's mornings, and many an evening ho never went oat till dark, but worked hard with : hia monshee, who proclaimed him to be a 'wonderfully clever gontleman,' and sooretly felt secure of his own premium as together they plodded through tho Prem Sagar and Bagho Bahar. G-aorgo was obliged to forego boating, cricket and papeeehaaing, bo took hia name off the polo club, and abjured cigarettes, and ex pensive bootc, and only that in bio prooperoua daya he hod always been no open-handed, there would have been on outcry at his economy. But his frionda believed he had soshq excellent reason for his oelf-donial, though no ono but Osptain La Toucno knew how good that season was. Captain La Touch© waa a man of fivoand thirty, with a consideFablo private fortune, and a handsome, pleasant face. His figure waa bio despair, he would grot? stout, cyo and keep stout ; despite of anti-fat, eserciae, and Domi Btesvation, he otill conspicaontsly filled the eye ! 2STow he bed accepted the 'situation, ate and drank whatever his rather footidiouo palate dictated, kopt a weight-ea?Eying charger, and one broad-backed, confidential eob, and fell into the rank of e looker-on at pig-stioking and polo, and spoke of himGolf as ' a superannuated buttejfly !' Ho was'not what io called ' a red hot soldier,' and novel1 aspired to command the Royal Mnstetooso. Ho looked upon paradeo and orderly- rooms aa voxatiouo intorludes in an otherwise ogreeably-opont osistonco, but ho was very much attached So tho gogisnonfc oci an excellent feovollina club, and was tho firm personal fiioad of olraost ovoi'y oao of his ?brother officers ; and Gooygo Holt'oyd woo Jonathan to thio goodly, popalay, and oosaowhot oynical David. He waa prosi3oa6 off tlio dqodd, oi'fjanicod oa teitainmoato, that v/oeo iavnviably n Ducoocn, arroaged tho tlnily suenuo, ovornvj'ofi oil the waiters, ond Iraow bow to pot a cuaoty com manding ofHeou through a eowao o2 the moot soothia^ dian62 tyoafimoafc. la foot, ho woo king of the meeo, by maivo&'Dal aoelomatioa, and to heas tbDfe ho woo to Iocs Mo sight hm&, hie prime favcranto, by snai'siono, wna o blow do painful do It woo RQonpootod,_ Cnptoia Ln Toraeho had oomo Ffonoh blood io bin voiao, and spoke tho laEiguago liko a notivo. ^ Hio aiannora to kdioa woro unappraceha'olo Joe1 chivDlrono polifenoaa, and yotp liko Mies Doppiog, ho peg ferred to aosooiato with tho Dtornos; ses ; novor= theleos, ho waa a kooa obooEves', and took an almoat effeminate intorost ie thoie dress, Ao to his own outward appoaronce, it was the result of patient ntndy, and the mirror at wlsioh many another man fashioned himself . Foi1 a firat-Eato opinion on a coot, o dinner, d point of etiquotto or a clarot vintage, you could not go to a bettor person than Captain Cosmo La Touche. Ex tremes meet ; ho and hia chosen friend woro almost diametrically oppooito in mind, body9 and estate. One was a Sj-ba?ito, tho othor n spoi'te naan ; one was a philosopher, tho otJier a saan of action. One could oat anything that_ was cot before him, the otheff would soonei1 perish ! I urn afraid we cannot conceal from ourselves that Captain La Touohe is a ' bon vivant,' and ia very proud of his delicate palate. Indeed, he had publicly given oat that tho woman who aopk'ed to ba Miu La Toucas— bo she nevo? so boautiful— muat have taken honours at ^tho school of cookery ! He gave a good many of hio tbouchts bo G-eorge'o affoii's, as ho lay ia a Bombay chair and smoked cigarette after cigarette, meditating sadly on his Mend's fnturo. Thio giel, this Miss Eodmond, had a pretty, well-bred face, aod looked as if sho had no nnnnonna nbout her : oho rodo well (u George was fco be believed) and played tennis, and was a fail? aauoioion, and would possibly bo an acquisi tion to the station ; but whet a loon George would bo to tho mem I He was a capital rider, could tell a good stoEjy5 and oing a good aong, and waG quite the soot brilliant polo player in the provinoa. Fow all that would ba at an ond ! He would only care for driving his wife about in a little pony. cart, and subsequently dining tste-a-toto on a leg of mutton, and custard pudding— ugh ! George would sink into domestic limbo ' avoc la fataliio d'ane pierre qui fombe.' Mangobad waa a typicnl \ip-coantry station, sequestered and oolf-contoiaed. Beoidec tho Royal Musketoero, there wes a native infantry regiment, a chaplain, a judge* a collector, oovo ral doctora, several eDginooyo, a few indigo planters in from the district, and now and then a groat man encamped in tho mango topo, with hia impo3iog transport of camels, olophanta, and carriage horses. Tbe cDBtonment was jast a comfortable oizo for a social community — and luckily tho com munity was oocioblo ; it numbered about fifty men and fifteen ladies, but tho lattoi.' fiaetuntod. Sometimeo they numbored as many as thirty, somofcimeo bat throe. The station was oitaated ia tho midsfc of a greotflat qrain country, divesaifiod by Sno gvovos or topes of loreot teees, and scattered over vzith red-coofed villogoo of immemorial antiquity. Eiding along tho well-kept pucka roads, with ripo, yellow co?n waving at eitho? sido, tho cool ITovembor air and the coblo timber would de coivo one infco bolieving that thoy wero in the aoath of Europe, until a Commiogariat elephant lumbering along, or a camol carriage and pair, or a four-in-hofid of hidooua wctoe buffolocs, dragging a primitive worn laden with sugar-cane, dispelled the idea. Betiidea tho level roads bor dered with Neem, Shesum, Sims, and Teak trees, there were smooth, greon parade groundo, and comfortable bangalowp, standing ia tho midst of Itisuriaat gordeno, whoro ro?oo, paision fLowera, oranges and otrawberriea, mengooo and saigaonette grew in sociable abundance. Thero was a picturesquo churob, and an es collent station club, where all tbe commaaity oooernblod to read tbe paper, ploy tennis, drink tea, and hear the news. By the middle of April tho tennis-courts were doaorted, the chairs round the tea-table wero vacant; and tho gallop of ponies woo no longor heard cutting up tho odjG» cent polo ground. All thoao who could com mand money and leavo had promptly fled away to various hill stations. George Holroyd wao not among tho exodas, he remained to do duty — tho little that io poo oible with the thermometer at 104i— and to sit behind a ' Khuo-khus ' tatlie, whilo tho hot wool wind cDrae booming through the mango trees — and fonght with the weary, stifling hours, and weary pages ofc the ' Bogh-o-Bahar.' Captain La Touche had gone to Simla, whero he was a con apiououo member oE the clubs;, and an esteemed customer at Peliti's, and gave recherche little dinners at tho chalet ; he had dono his utmost to carry bio friend with him, and bad need argu ments, bribes, and even throats. ' You will go mod, my dear fellow, you will certainly go mad, staying down here, and grind ing your brainG away ; you will fool the efireoto of it before another wsek goes ovor your hood. Come up for a couple of months at least ; come and stay with me ; come, my dear boy, and see Simla. Come ! I'll mount yon at polo, oome !' ' ITot I— thank you ; if I went any whoso I would go into Cashmere. I have no taste for sticking myself ove-2 with patent leather, and peacook'o feathers, ond riding becido a woman's rickshaw.' ? 16 wonld depend upon who was in tho rick ohaw, I suppose. EhP Well, if you don't mind youraelf, it's my opinion that one oic these days wo shall be riding after your coffin ! P20 mioo me before I go, that if you fool at all seody you will oond mo 0 wire, ond follow it at once,' Ao ho was vosy pei'Sinaoioua, George gave him tho required pi'omiao, oololy for tho dciIso of pooeo. Early in Juno ho wont sap for hia osaiHinn Uion, and, whilst ho awoifcod tho Konult in mioek1 oblo ounponao, ha reooivod a lottos? from his uiselo Godfrey, who, through the family lav/yep, had recently diooovevod the state of hia monoy aEaiva. Aftei1 upbraiding him angrily £02 keeping tho jMQtteB horn him, ond for allowing himself! to bo otrippod to liis loot ohilliag in otief to sappojt Majov MdIobo'g family, ho went on to say that; ho worald iG&ako; him dh allowance of five huQ- drod a yoor, ia order that ho might livo liko a gentleman, as booamo hio heir, and i£ ho would only come Inomo, aocl ooffllo down, aacl many 00O2G aiee girf, ho wonld do 0 good deal raoro iroi? mm. 1 Aad if I sottlo down, ond saarry a aico girl ont hore ; I wondot1 what will ho say to that P' a aid Ilia nophow to himaol£ ao ho foied to ronlizo Mo unexpected goofl fortune. Ho did not opend imiach time in Bofloofcion, but galloped over to the Oolonel'a bungalow, and asked that aiunzod offieoi? if there wao any chanco of hio getting throe months' loavo to England, and to start at ooeo.' ? Not the omollost,' rotusnod tho Colonel firmly, adding 0 ooiaplaiat that ho mado at leant ten iimoa 0 doy — ♦ I [javo only four sabalterao. Yoa kaow I am topribly short oi offieora. In dood, Holi'oyd, I wondor that a man of your aonQQ coold be such a foci ^e to propoao oaoh a thing !' r l Tho Dome saail that brought Mr. Godfrey Holroyd's letter, broufihfc tho news that Colonel end Mrs. Calvert wers coming out in Septem ber. Colonel Calvsi't wao the District Inspector of Police at Maogobad. What 0 ohfinoo for Botty ! _ Sho might travol with them. Ho loot [ no timo in writing, and doopatching fcbi-eo letters 'by tho outgoing mail, oao to tho Culverts, and two to Scone, and anziouoly awaited Betty '0 ? tologpam. In dno timo tho onswer arrived, and by a strange coincidence, the oame day's poofc brought the agreeable intimation that ho bad pasoed tho Highor Standard in Hindustani. Surely a laeky oniou, if omena stand for aught. Ho gavo a dinner at tho snooo tocelebrnto tho ovent with his brothot' officoro. (Aloo another ovoatof which thoy wore as yet in ignorance.) Fortune, who had toned her back on him for co long, was now apparently all omilos, and oeemoc] to bo thraoting her favours on him with both hands. CHAPTER XXIII. ' MisEnniME.' On the strength of his increase of income, Mr. Holroyd bought two ponies and a cart (and this cart, it wog noted, hnd a ladies' step). He bad long admired a certain empty bungalow with a largo garden and roso-acreonod vopandah. More than once ho had inspected tho interior, and at lost bo boldly gave ordoro to the landlord to hove the garden put in ordor, tho hedges clipped, and tho rooms masted. When it bocamo noioed abroad that George JEtolroyd hod boon looking over a largo double houoo, that ho hed or dered a dinner service, and o piano, tho truth ooold bo no longor oonconlod, ho was going to bo married ! Thio woo a fine pioeo of nous for Mangobad. Tho mon congratulatod him oomowhat oadly, but tbo ladioo mado up for thorn in fervour, and woso all on the qui vivo to 'snow t?hat tho bride would bo like. Captain La Toueho, boing ooarchingly cross-quostionod, wao ablo to gratify thozB V7ith a few partionloro ronpoeting hop. Sho woo yonng— only ninotoen — -Irish, and pretty, aod, as fay as ho could moko opt, oho woald bo on agreeable addition to thoir circle. Mr. Holroyd wao aot tho loaot boshfal in accepting their good wiohoo, and ooomod anxious to bespeak thoii1 friondohip for his futuro wife. She wao 00 young and inesporionced, he declared — quito a child ia many ways, and only hitherto accustomed to a very quiet coant?y life. Ho waa exceedingly gratofal fop any sag* p;ootioQa ortok'od by notable aouookoopoi'a and o gpoat deal of advice was placed ungrudgingly at bio service, Tho Judge's wife engaged 0 000k, khanoamah, and ayah ; tho Chaplain's sister ouporintondod tho purohaoo of lamps anr3 kitchen atonuilo, tho Colonol'o two doughtoro ohoso fur niture foi1 tho dra wing-room, ond wont ovoe3 the roomo and diacuoood nrgnngoosonta and ornamen tation with zooh All at once the oomsaanity woro olectrified to hoiv that Mr. Holroyd had oaddouly changod hio mind about what wao called tho ' garden' bungalow, and woo going into tbo two-utoriod one, which had 00 long stood empty — tho bun galow in which the loot tenant, Major Bag ohawe, had out hio throat, What wao tho season of ouch na ostrardinary freok ? Why exchange 0 modern, wcll-bailt houoo, with 0 oinQoefail aspect, foi? a gloomy, fcumblc- down mansion— -certainly more imposing, and standing in quite a park-like enclosure, but which had been abandoned to rats and ghosts for years P No ono know the motivo for this strange proceed ing—not evon Captain La Toneho. A few days beforo ? thio Qayotorious caprice of George Holroyd's ' the long-desired mail had beon rooeivod— the mail which was to bring him Betty's answer in her own handwriting, instead of that of the telegraph Baboo. The night be fore it was delivered in Mongobad ho could scarcely clooo hio oyec. Ho woo astir by day break and watohing for the post peon long before, that worthy began his rounds. Hero ho oamo in oight at last, and with 0 good plump pockot of lottora in Jaio hand. George almost tore them from him, and then hurried into his room to read thorn in solitude, whero no bearer with too, or owoopoi' with broom, dared disturb him. These wns ono from hia mothor, ono from his lawyer, ono h'om Mrs. Eodoiond, ono horn Bollo, brat whoro woo Betty's P Ho tai?ned them over very carefully, and thoa son out after the dakwallo. 'Hallo! Stop! Hold on!' ho ohoutod (ia Hindnotcni, o£ ooaros) ' you hove onothDL' lottet1 for mo,' TIso BiQsa feoltod oad ohowod Mo wollot ; there V7OD uothiog oloo addi'flGsad to Mr. Holroyd, no, not ovoa a trado circular. 8 Thora mnot bo coaao aaiotoko,' ho muttored (0 himooli, 00 ho elowJy jfofcraeed hia otepo. Could oho liovo mioood tho moil P Ho snuot only conn teat himoel£ ^ifch Mro. Eodmond'o opistle for tbe present, and, happy thought, that thrifty old lady 'a effuoion might contain Botfiy'3 lottf^ofSes1 all ! Alas, no, thoro wao only ono sheet of papas? within tho onvolopo, and thio io what it said : ' Done Mi?. Holroyd— Yoni? lettoi? oa-3 onclo ouro Koaohed mo by tho last moil, ond I am rather concerned 00 to how £0 reply to it, fog I have token a otep that will surprise you and which you may pevoi.' for/jivo— I havo givon your offer of morriago to my dnughtoi' Belle.11 A rnsh of blood oamo suddenly to George Holrovd's ooro, tha popor ooemod to owira boforo him ; ho throw ifc dovvn on tho table, oad placing both Jaando to hio hood, oiroloimod oloud : ' I mn&t; bo going mod ! Eithot1 that, 01? oh© io writing from 0 Innatio ocylum ! ' After a moment's poBDs, heoaco raoro oantched up the letter „ and road oq : ? The^o wao nothing ia yonr aoto that did not equally apply to hop, and Bollo 20 do fond of you, _and you poid her such marked attention, Shat if you woro to aacrry Botty oho v/ould looo her roaoon —ol1 brook hoii.1 hoorfc, 8 India hao always boon hoi' dream, and, with you and indie combined, hop hoppinooo so as oared, and I may toll you frankly, inat thio is all that I now care for. You will think me a^ very wicked, trnpriueiplod. old woman, bat I bavo your intorooto at hoavt0 no woll bs Bollo's, ond thoagh I shall aot livo to know it, you will approvo o2 my oonduofc vot. I am dying by inchoa. 1 aaoy not coo anofhoe eamme?, ond I obey the aaoot natural of oil ioo stincto in providing (whon f cao) aou my owq child. Epon ii you osoocato mo, I cau oodnt'o your hatred, for I shall bo sappoftod by £bo conviction that I havo done wo.l, ?Bolle, boautiful, animated, ond aeotiotomod to tho^boct military soeioty, in tho boon idoal o£ an efficor'o wifo, and will bo in c connonial ophoro—yons egodit ond yoop comfort, Botty —a simple, little, awkward giel, with ao idono beyond horses ond dogo end flowoi'o— is og£ oat to? tho poaitioa Dho is about to fill ; 00 tho wifo of 0 wealthy country gontlosaoa, oho oqh mcko horoolf happy ia koi1 owa land, oho is in hoe oloaoat among poor pooplo, or in iho hunting* field, and would bo quito misorablo ia India. Sbo io going to marry Augnotna Moora ; thoy are dovotoily attached eo oao another, obiI lie has krsowE ho? feora her oinildhood.' 'Moatitor fortite?,' wao Mro. Eodmond's motto, and to do hor juatioo, nbo lived up to it ; in 0 eriois liko tho pre sent what wao a lio niosro or I000P Thio notablo foleohood gavo q neat oad onitablo Saiohtotho wholo soheme. Moroovoy, liko all lies of tbo moot doagorouo elaop, It oontQinod q Krain of tho fauth— Augustus Mooi'o had knowa Betty horn, childhood, and a leca koon-ainhted woman tbnn tho mistreoa of Woono ooald doo fchafe ho wac ho? olavo ; tho laatoh v;oo mot'oly o qneofeion o£ timo. cIq withholding yon? offos1 feom Botty,* the lotto? went on to oay, ' I am sparing yoa tbo mortification of a refusal. I have pat tho round peoplo in tho round holoo in opito of yoa, you 000, a ad by the time you aro reading this, Bollo (who knows nothing, poor daeling) will bo half woy to India with tho Calyozto, Botty Isaa boos helping hot moat soaloujly in her preparations, ond keep ing ap all our spirito with her merry ways, oad gay little jckoo end nongo. 1 1 do not know what we ohonld laavo doae vzithout hor ; oho hao not tho Liintoot suspicion that you coro for hoi.1, foe all hop thoughts aro fised in another direction, Bo f]rood to Bello— oho is qaito 0 child, 0 spoiled child in many ways ; oho is not much of a managoE o&' Iioqso' heoper, for I hove wished he? to moko fcho moot of her youth, ond only ookod her to bo hoppy ond to look protiy. Sho is dovoiod to you, oad feoo boon so fi'osn tho very firofc, tho^gli with fcrao maidoaly dignity obe hoo concQolsd hoe £oolingo — ovea &om; hio, bnt I know that the pj?ospoot of boing yoHi1 wifo has filled her with unspeakable hoppineoo. Perhaps, after all, yoa may repudiate her love, you may refuse to re ooivo her, and leovo her 0 friendlooo, nervous, sensitive girl lanwelcomed in o otronge land — only to return home broken-hoartod, dioillu sioned, ond disgraced j but I searooly believe you will be oapablo o£ this, knowing that she loves you, confides ia you, ond has no friends in India. Do not answer thio letfcei? I may aQ woll tell you, candidly, that . i£ you do I shall not good it, bat will pat it iatio tho fiso, for in my foiling health, my modicol moo od= vises mo strictly ogoinot ony kind o2 anneoes saijy ogifcotion. Pray, boliovo mo youro 01006 fcitMnlly, sEmma Eedmowd.' (To be continued.} 