A BURIED SIN. Making a slight dbtour, they work back towards the starting point, and Lord Ferrars, who is really an excellent shot, bags several more rabbits, with very few misses. At each success his good humour increases, and by the time they reach the castle his manner is almost cordial. Congratulating himself on this first step to a better understanding, Mostyn superintends the unpacking of his luggage, which has arrived. This task ended, he settles himself in his private sitting-room, and opens his beloved manuscript. Long habits of con centration enables him to dismiss all every day thoughts and cares, all haunting ghosts and shadows of the past, all hopes or fears for the future that might distract his mind. He is lost in the age of Catherine de Medici, deep in the intrigues of her time, when a deluge of water descends upon the back of his head, flooding his hair, trickling into his neck, making collar and shirt-front limp as tissue paper, and plentifully be sprinkling books and papers before him. He springs from his seat with flashing eyes and looks round the room, Not a s ul is visible. The ceiling is perfectly whole. Both doors of the apartment were within view as'he sat-no one could have entered by them. He follows the course of the little stream upon the carpet, and looks again towards the ceiling. Within three inches of it there is a curiously carved scroll, which, on closer inspection, appears to be a ventilator. He jumps at once to the correct conclusion, that Lord Ferrars' must have provided himself with a garden syringe, have mounted a short ladder in the corridor outside, and have thus succeeded in throwing cold water on his literary efforts. Opering the door softly, he heats the young nobleman chuckling to himself in the hall below. An oval looking-glass is sunk in the wall of his room between the two windows. Mostyn catches sight of his face in it as he returns from making the discovery, and stops, in shame and contrition. He knows, with the knowledge born of unavailing repentance and sorrowful remorse, the one fatal defect in his character, prone ness to a fierce gust of passion, swift and scathing like a tropical tornado. But he has never before seen the storm sweep over his own face, blurring all the sweetness, the strength, the grve, earnest repose of it, and leaving instead the distorted lineamethts of reckless rage. He stands' solemnly contemplating his own reflection, until the lines of passion are lost in those of penitent, mournful gravity. ' Eighteen hundred'years ago,' he muses, 'when men were stricken thus, an evil spirit was said to enter and rend them. I must exorcise the demon by watching and prayer. 'Or,' he continues, bitterly, 'the latter end of this man may be worse than the first. Great Heaven I worse than the first I' A spasm of mental agony contracts the smooth whiie forehead, .and blanches the handsome, oval face until it looks like a marble, god in pain, from the chisel of a Greek sculptor. Then the strong will prevails.uThe haunting memories are thrust back within the cavern of memory. Mostyn Howard is himself again. ' What a curious play is life,' he muses. ' A tragedy and a conmedy in one, The funeral meats coldly furnish forth the marriage feast, We sit on the edges of our graves and revel till we drop into them. In action or in thought it is the same. We shrink appalled from the remembrance of our sins and of our sorrows, and a gong reminds us it is time to dress for dinner.' It is the sound of the first bell that brings his moralising to this'climax. Mrs. Carew is alone in the drawing-room when he enters. She unbends a little, noting the careful, ac curacy of hi; costume. ' I am old enough to tell you without. im pertinence, Mr. Howard that I am rejoiced you do not deem it labour lost to dress for dinner. Young men of the present day are apt to be extremely lax in their ideas on the subject. They think any costume will pass en famille. You will see Ferrars lounge in presently in his, shooting-coat and perhaps with boots smelling of the stable.' 'Talk of an angel and you see his wings,' shouts Lord Ferrars, from the doorway. ' You are a true prophet, Mrs. Carew, albeit of evil. Here is the coat you admire, and here are the boots, with soles an inch or so thick, adapted for waltzing. Let us have a jig to beguile the tedium of waiting,' and he makes a feint of encircling her stately frame with his right arm, 'Ferrars, you are incorrigible,' says the lady, rapping.his knuckles sharply with her fan. ' Here are Blanche and your sister, they shall have an arm each to keep-you in order. I place myself under Mr. Howard's protection.' Dinner proves a far greater success than luncheon. The stiffness of a first introduc tion has .worn off. The ladies are in most becoming semi-toilettes, and the conscious ness of looking their best is an agreeable one even to such acknowledged beauties as Blanche Carew and Lady Clare; To crown all, Lord Ferrars is so ibspirited by the .suc cess of his first practical j!ske he is disposed to temporary cessation of hostilities, and some racy college anecdotes Mostyn Howard relates arrest and rivet his attention, treat ing as they do of a life upon which be con fesses to his secret soul he. would gladly enter, although he declines- preliminary drudgery. . Mostyn contrives to enjoy the meal. He begins to hope the wildyoung lord may be won in time,: and meanwhile he is thrown into more congenial society than- he hIad anticipated. The only drawback toi his bhp. piness is Lady Clare: .- -. In vain be racks memory to recall a chance wordby which he-mny have offended her. Up tojthe moment of their:partirig, when he transferred the wild flowers to her hat, she was a gay, untidy, imptilsive ihild, treating him 'vith'unconventibonal'and almost brotherly familiarity, I;resumably in gratitude for the risk at which he saved -her from danger, perhaps frqm death. - But from the' moment:of'btheir formal meeting--all' within the hour-she ·has ignored the strvice' and tacitly .disclaimed the original acquaintance. Her mien has been that of a young empress to a presuming courtier. She talks freely enough as the meal progresses in an original, impulsive way of her own; but never. by any chaoce does she address him, and if he speaks to her she answers with freezing coldness," How has he offended ? . He goes over every incident of that inter view in the green fields, of that ramble through the cool, shady -woods. True, in conjecturing her station it haid never occurred to him she might be an carl's daughter, and hie ended by imagining her a connection of the housekeeper's. But if she- had been a princess he could not have shown her more respect and courtesy. .He had fetched and carried, had obeyed her slightest whim, had indulged in pleasant, familiar banter, only in response to her own manner. \When she tendered the little brown palm at pIarting he certainly held it a little longer than courtesy demanded, he reflects guiltily, and no great wonder, seeing that for all he knew at the time they miight be taking their aeoparate ways, never to meet again, 