th f, novelist. MILDRED'S HUSBAND. CHAPTER XX. When the guests of Sir rHellesleigh and Lady Eltham were all seated at luncheon, the indefatigable Missos Oreonfsll again began their torture. Not that they meant it as much, but their straingins after a vivacious manner made tuom at tunes perfectly intolerable. 1 Sir Hellesloigh, we aro going to complain of Lady Eltham to you, and wo expect that you will redress our injuries,' said Agnes. ' What is the matter now 1' he asked, not raising his eyes off the dish he was carving. ' Have you all been differing this morning T Mildred swallowed some water in a kind ui opuou, , suu was ignorant oi wnat was ooming, but prepared for the worst 'She promised to show us all over the house, and, after wo had gone through \- most of it, she absolutely refnBed us a eight of one suite of rooms, ou the plea of their being yours. Now we thought this very stiff of her. Wo aro certain they are ox- quisite apartments, to judgo by the style in which you havo furnished your boudoir. Wo know you had some dolicious little eanotum corresponding to hers. But all our entreatiea failed to move her. It might have been Bluebeard's chamber, ,o decided was she in her refusal. Sho is very cross ; we fear you havo spoiled her temper by over indulgence.' Is that a true bill, Mildred T inquired Lady Duncan with a bitter laugh. ' Probably, aunt,' respondod Lady Eltham. 'I should never have expected Sir Helles- leigh Eltham to err in that respect. He is a gentleman whoso judgement is rarely at fault, and whose penotration is unquestion able,' said Lady Duncan. 1 May I ask you for another bono of fowl ?' ' I am highly ilattercd by your good opinion,' returned Sir Hellcsleigh, ironically. 1 Oh, I merely givo you Lady Eltham's opinions,' Baid Lady Duncan, carelessly, 'Do you not speak so of him, Mildred)' 'lam not in the habit of discussing Sir Hellasleigh's character with strangers,' replied Mildred. ' Of course not, but you know I am not one,' said Lady Duncan. 1 After tho closo . intercourse wo enjoyed before your marriage, \- when you confided all your emotions to mo, you can scarcely look upon mo in that light. And then what confidential letters you havo writton me sinco.' Lady Eltbam looked at her aunt wonder ing where her audacity would stop, for Mildred bad only written her three letters since her marriage — mere casual notes — and the rest of her relatives inferences were equally untrue. ' When will this diszracefnl recrimination before Btrangers end T groaned Mr. Wrioth- esley. ' Was ever such a conversation carried on at a table filled like this T 'There,' cried Miss Greonfell. 'Lady Eltham irritated again, you see, Sir Helles- leigb. 1 warn you in time.' The Baronet had too much liking for his wife not to come to the rescue, so ho said — 'It is a very alarming trait— I never noticed it in her before ; but I shall be on the watch in future, and err on tho other side, Lady Duncan. Now suppose young ladies that you join me after luncheon, and see my sanctum before the carriage comes round. You are about to visit us at tho shaft are you not T When they went up Btairs Lady Eltham would not accompany them ; her husband sliould not think that she wanted to pry into tho sanctum. She had been there thu day after coming homo, and again during his illncBS, but to revisit it would only ho to bring back the remembranco of the dreams that had molted away from her within its shadow ; so sho stayed downstairs witli tho ono or -two guests who remained. ' And, after all, there was nothing to sco hut a collection of minerals, a disordered writing table, and a small painting — ono of those ugly little canvasses which travellers bring home and tell you ie by one of the first of living artiste, who sold its companion to bo placed in Luxembourg.' Suoh was Miss Greenfoll's opinion on coming down tn Lady Duncan, who was superintending her lapdogfs dinner, and who had said she would take another opphrtunity of going over the Castle. The old lady was in a very good humour, '. Sir Hellcsleigh having asked her permission to drivo her out in his phaeton, and sho appreciated the attention. Along the road Bhe endeavoured to recipro cate hie politeness by giving him a low hints on the beet method of managing and com pletely subduing Mildred, which she per sisted in thinking necessary ; but his effectual ' method of strangling that subject by turning Ia Annl.hnr ailnnnnd her at last, nnd she t'llVH up her object. He made it clear, in a perfectly well bred manner, that ha would not allow bis. domestic concerns to bo dis- cussed by others, or his wife criticised by her own aunt. Lady Duncan was intensely curious to know how tho Baronet and Mildred stood towards each other — whether open enemies, cool friends, or companions harmonious from expediency, or whether any warmer fcaling had sprung up among thorn. Tho circum stances of tho marriago had crept out into the world — into Lady Duncan'e world — and though ail was not known of what had passed, enough had transpired to bring great blame on her for her part in forcing the union. On Goethe's principle that all men liato \- heartily thoso whom thoy have injured, Lady Duncan disliked Mildred and hor husband ; but' When sho made the discovery that injur ing them had injured herself, alio went farther and hated them cordially. It was, therefore, not in a spirit of friendship that .' she liod volunteered a visit to them, but to j, indulge ber own wicked, spiteful tcrnpor ' by tusing her relationship as an excuse for saying the most disogreeablo things. She had enough of occupation, in tho early part of that evening, to critioiso tho guests and make satirical observations to tho i Greonfoll girls on Lady Eltham and her. | husband ; but this amusement soon wore | itself out,, and sho looked round tho room to : see where a good target presented itself for ! her envenomed shafts. Lady Eltham and ono or twti ladies wore seated near the fire, and around them were groped several gentlemen, with whom a lively conversation was being' carried on. Tho ladies were neighbours of ElthamB,'and Lady Duncan was determined, if the conver sation Jwere a local one, to break' it up directly ; it gave hor roal pleasure to annoy poople. She moved into the oircle, and Sir Helles loigh turned for a chair for her ; but when ho brought it he found that Mildred had vacated hor seat on tho sofa in hor aunt's favour, and was standing against tho pillar of tho mantelpiece. ' Will you havo it V ho asked, motioning towards tho chair. cShe shook her head, and continued tho onvereation that had been interrupted. Tho group wore talking of a newly discovered vein of coal, the striking of which Sir Hellcsleigh intended to colekrato by a dinner to his workers. Somo ono Buggcetcd looc-raccs, nuraio races, ana sucn nice gamos as a pleasant accompaniment, and tho subject of rural sports was being discussed in an animated mannor when Lady Duncan joined tho circle. Tho ladies laughed at tho muscular tastes of the gentlemen, hut ended in agreeing that there was nothing bettor suited to tho mental capacities of thu pitmen than the sports which had been indicated. ' Why do you not revive some such beautiful custom as tho Dunmow Flitch 1' suggested Lady Duncan. 1 It would bo admirably calculated to tono down the violent tempore of your swarthy miners, and givo a moderate turn to domestic inter- courso.' Tho gcntlemon were too polito to laugh their amusement at this sagacious proposi tion, but they looked as if thoy wcrn very much inclined to do so. ' It would not do in this instance,' said Sir Hellesloigh ; ' wo have but a fortnight before ue, and our lists must be of a more activo nature. Is not tho Dunraow affair a passive competition 1' ' Passive, indeed 1' broke in Captain Gerard ; ' ono must bo exceedingly passivo to join it. The worst feature, howover, that I see in it is tho number of years ono must go back for evidence. Rather awkward that would be on some people's lives.' Eltham conjugal lifo was a favourito theme in tho neighbourhood. Every ono knew something of it ; and though no ono could toll exaotly how matters stood, enough had bcon noised about to nmko the guests now present look awkward at Oaptain Gerard's remark. He himself saw the untimeliness of it, and proceeded to add ' Wili you go in for it, Mrs. Gerard T ' Not I,' cried hie wife ; ' I hnvo not tho ghost of a chance. The Judges, before adjudicating, should take into account the aggravating husbands some of ue have. We poor women get no fair play.' 'Nevertheless somo of you mako vory good fight for it,' returned Oaptain Gerard with a erimace. 1 Every lone knows what a poor henpecked fellow I am.' 1 By your own showing,' interposed Lady Duncan, with an assumption of blandnoss. ' it is plain you would havo but a poor chanco, Captain. Mildred, my dear, why do yoa arid your husband not go in for Dunmow 1 You ore certain of it so far, 1 should think. Who would imagine,' ehe continued, turning to Mrs. Gerard, 'that Lady Eltham had an unusual amount of pertinacity in her composition? When young ladies determine upon doing a thing, old and wise headB aro never consulted. It was of no uso for any of her relatives to try to dissuade her from matrimony ; sho would have her own way. Indeed, I believe i warned her that Bir Hullesleigh most probably would not go in for Dunmow ; but in vain, You need not blueh, Mildred j you did no harm. A littla too much enthusiasm was expended for a young Ludy, hut Bir Hellcsleigh must feci all tho more flattered, and your youtli made it cxcuBnblu.' Sir Helloslcigh's brows knitted Mildred felt sure of it, but she was afraid to look up. Wlrnt his thoughts of licr must be sho wns too giddy to imagine. Tho room seemed to swim ; she had only tho support of thu wall, and sho felt that if she moved sho would stagger. Tho only vacant chair near hor was that on which Sir Hollesluigh was leaning ; and how could sho proceed to him for support) She knew some badinage would have helped matters through, but Iter white lips refused to utter a word. The audacity of the speoch shocked every ono present ; no matter who was in fault, both husband and wife were to be pitied. The first to break the silence was Mr. Wriothesley, who, always on tho watch, had heard much of what had passed. IIo came up to Lady Eltham, and said gaily — 1 Lady Eltham, I have bcon deputed to ask a favour of you. Will you permit a repetition of tiioso quadrilles wo had yester day evening) The waltzes, too, were delight ful.' No ono know who had deputed him. ' A charming idea.' said Ladv Eltham scarcely conscicious of what she was uttering, hut compelling herself to speak ; 'pray lore, no time. I will ring for the servants to removo somo of tho furniture. You would like to havo tho upper end of the room again I suppose 1 And perhaps you will allow me to be musician for you.' Witli a quick, nervous step sho hastened to tho paino, and, stooping over tho canter bury, pretended to ha searching for some" music, It took a long timo to find apparently hut at last she was ready to do her part. Sir Hellcsleigh danced with a face upon which angor was so plainly depicted, that it struck the attention of all his guests but tho Misses Grcenfoll, who, if amused, to see anything unless it was set' before them in the plainest mannor. Wlion tho first danco wns over Mr. Wriothesley again came to Mildred's assist ance, He brought up Miss Grccnfcll to tako her place, aud so sot her at liberty ; he then took Lady Duncan in hand, talked with lier, complimented her, nnd put her into suoh good homour with every one, that she ended by offering to sing Haydn's canzonet, ' My molhor bide me bind iny hair,' which she did extremly to her own satisfaction. All this, as was intended threw Mildred completely into thu background. Sho sat with pale, jaded looks, wishing tho carrioges would come and tako those about her away ; and then she would try to rouse herself to Bay something to hor guests, who wero n.l equally as anxious for the carriages as she was. Almost every one felt most for bor. a hidden insult is bud enough, but an open, ' ! unprovoked one, whioh stabs tho bearer to : tho very heart, as it were, is hard to bear. From that night publio opinion began to veer round in Lady Eltham's favour. ' Foor thing,' people said. ' If he had had the heart of a man ho would havo stood by her, and put tho aunt down.' At laet the visitors wont away, and those staying in the house retired to their rooms. Nona but tho Greenfells scorned to think that there would bo any pleasure in another hour of conversation. Mildred with a thankful heart, bid the Inst retreating lady, ' Good night,' even rejecting nn offer that her couBins made of a gossip over their (ire — a decision thoy thought exceedingly foolish. (TO SB UONTIKCO.) 