LONDON 8 NORTH POLE. THE FROZEN MEAT TRADE AT SMITJIFIELD MARKET. "Vfe lmvo everything in London, and we have our North Pole. From tho burning eun of a sultry summor day — whioli occasionally doe. tihine hotly by a eort of mistake— wo oan bs chilled to tho bono, and uhivor in a keen atmos phere af frost to our heart's content. Snow aliovo you, snow below you, dim uncouth figures looming around you; the wholo porvaded by a cold misty air suoh as Tonnyson might havo thought of when ho wrote " Tho heavy skirted evening droops with frost." But the vivid glow of tho wintor sunxob that would touch the whole into n purplo iplendur is wanting hore, and, in stead, wo have — tbo dull gleatn of an oil lantern I " Look out thero ! " cries a hoarse voico, spoodily followod by a gruff " B'yer lenvo," as ft jiortur oomes staggering along under a heavy burden. Plop I Down goes tu« load, and in tho dim light it resolves itself into threo shrouded shnpcless figures, which aro added to the huge piles of other figures on the floor. Out from the top ot oscli project hard prongs, which on examination provo to bo bones — bonus olothad with flesh which seems as hard as iroa ; and nn tho wldto shroud are emblazoned tho words, "North Canterbury, N. Z." " ThiH 'ore's the best," says tiio man, placing his heavy hand on the heap. "Cauterberry I reckon's almost as good as English. Somehow beef don't freeze so woll ; so wo only chills beef just to keop it," And out in another vault, on the verge of the North Pole, is the chilling chamber — which nlso, curiously enough, is called tho cooling ohambor — where in tho dim light hang, ghost liko, huge sides of boef appealing in tho vory pinlt of condition. Cantor bury is, of course, tire Now Zouland Canterbury, and not tho ancient town whioh gives its title to bis Grnoo the Primate of the English Church. Canterbury, too, is also mutton— or lnmb, in tho laugungo of tho innrkot— and Canterbury lamb from Now Zealand is, so far in tiie frozen meat trade. That trade, though young, is now assuming immense proportions. Anybody who reads his newspupor attentively — nnd of oourso every intelligent person doos so- must notice from timo to time tho large, though varying, imports. AVIint is done with theso? They oannot Ire sold off retail at once, nnd iu the muggy nir of many of our English dnys thoy would soon deteriorate if means wcro not taken to preserve thoir frozen state. To this end, therefore, freezing ohnrnbors and cold air stores have beon erected at various places, and tticro aro extensive vaults undor iSinitlifiold Market where the stranger to our shores may be given an icy welcome. Other lodgers also find a temporary dwelling hero. Ptarmigan, of course, are quite nt homo, game nnd venison try to look ns though tlioy lilted it, nnd a hard frozen duok and sprinkling of pow dery rime brings hack vivid rominisaences of brisk wintry dnys. Ciiceso, too, makes its appearanoo ; but tho frozen inutton is fnr nnd away the olilof. The sheep coino in — cheep-like,' ono after tho other — at the rato of 1000 an hour. But instead of trotting niong and onliven- ing tho air witli their melodious "baas," tlioy aro rushed bolter Bkoltcr down n shoot to tiio lobby of the vaults, whence thoy nro quickly convoyed inside aud stacked in tho dim oliam- hers of ico. The advont of tho fresh stock soon sends up the temperature, su that tho engines havo to bo got spoodily to work. The icy nir is pumped through largo wooden ducts nt the top of the vnuits, the ducts having holes through whioh the freezing blast enn readily pass. The holes nlso servo as vents through which tho snowacoumu- lnting iu tho duets can ire swept out, and mon outer tho rlucts for this purpose. Enow and ice gather round these largo wooden pipes, and tho first shaft from tiro engines— the upright con duit whioh leads the ice cold air to tho systom of ducts at tho top of the vaults— appears quite a monument of frost and snow. AVhon tho engines are at full work a vapor gathers in the chambers, something as one sees in frosty weather in tho world without. The vaults aro lined with n timber shell, filled with charcoal or folt to retain tiio cold. There woro 21 of thoso vaults, samo of which nre kept at o temperature of 20 deg. for tho inutton, and others at about freezing point for tho ohilled beef. The reason why hard freezing spoils beef more thnn mutton appears to lie iu the fact that, tho vesicles of beef boing larger, more of the juieea aro wasted when, on thaw ing, the vesicles burst or when the moat is cut. At all events, tho proof of the joint being in tho eating, the testimony is against tho freezing of beof. It is for this reason that nono is brought from the antipodes. Ohilled, it can withstand a comparatively short journey across the Atlantic, but not tho long voyage from the sunny lands of the south. Mutton, of course, comes from tho River Plate, from Now Zealand and from AuBtrnlin. Tho prinoiple of preparing the icy cold air, whioli so quickly rcduoes tiio tompornture of tho vaults, is simply this : Quickly expanded nir produces cold ; compressed air beeomos hot — that is, its latent heat becomes active. If then, its heat is reduced during compression by a circulation bf cold water round it, it will on expansion become very cold and absorb heat — or, in other words, lower tho teinporature— of anything with whioh it comes into contaot. Tiio machinery for producing cold airot Smithflold is so powerful that thousands of carcases can bo retained in a frozen state. Should all the meat in the market upstairs not bo sold during the week — not ovon on Fri day, the busiest dny — the master butchers dis pose of it for n lump sum to thoir men, who on (Saturday nights sell it with stentorian cries for ivlmt thoy can get. Saturday night at Smith- field is now quite ono of tbo minor sights of London. The groat range of markets be longing to tho corporation on this his toric spot are pretty woll attended. Some times you could walk on the bonds of the people— if they did not object to that pleasing entertainment; nt other times they are com paratively few in numbers. Here is a gay young couple stepping briskly along, not over careful what tlioy buy ; they are youthful in tho art of marketing. There is an old nnd worn faced womnn determined, if possible, to oheapen the cheap prices, though only by Oid. Fine Cantorierri/ is going at 4d. and 5d„ and perhaps 3Jd. per lb. Deptford killed American or ohilled beof — no frozen rubbish, yon will per haps ho told— is offered ot from 5d. to 7d., accompanied by a resounding slap ou tiio meat which will startle you at flint. Some of those joints ought to bo very tender from the vigorous stoppings they reoolvo from the butchers. "Who'll hev a primo wiud rib— no frozen stuff here — best in the markot — primo beef — seven — six ond a half — six — five and a half — fivepeuco ft pound." Tremendous slap; is minute's pause, a gazo round, a ory, "Coma nnd see what you Iinrr n-buyin';" and then tho Dutoh auction over again. The little crowd stare nnd gnpo in tho garish lights just as it would at a Salvationist lass, a inob orator, or a street showman — with this difference probably, that prosontiy some ndven- turous being doos stop forwnrd to buy, nnd tho crowd gnzos witli deep interest It is all part of the night's work, nil part of thepioasant ex- oitemeut of marketing at Sinithfield. 