THE ODDITIES OF CHINESE Mrrma. The actor occupies a strange and anomalous position in tlie Chinese social order. While . acting his part upon the stage the character he essays lives again in him in the estima tion of his countrymen, and he is for the while the object of their admiration, and applause. While pursuing his calling he may administer, without fear of conse quences, rebuke to emperor, Mng or vice roy. It is to the teen satire and covert reflections of their actors that the Chinese owe much of the reformation of abuses and the righting of grievous official wrong. But" when off the stage the actor is met by the barriers of ostracism. He cannot mingle with his countrymen except those of his own calling. This custom goes so far as to prevent him from associating with his own family outside of his wife and children. The player, like a leper, is the Chinese outcast. The roles of Mongolian dramas are any thing but easy to essay. The drams,, tragedy, or comedy is drawn only in outline, and to conform with it the Chinese player is required to compose his own part. He conceives the character allotted to him and he voices those sentiments which he feels will not fail to receive the appreciation of his audience. Bombast and bravado are pleasing to Mongolian ears and are the rounds upon which the Chinese actor climbs up the ladder of popular appre. ciation to consequent fame, Although in our estimation the Chinese actor overdraws part and would be treated to howls of derision if he appeared on a civilised stage, yet he exhibits a keen appreciation, from the standpoint of his countrymen of the rote he essays, Visitors to the Chinese theatres are usually astonished to find that the Mongo-_ lian is not a novice in the art of imitation. Even genius is to be found on the Chinese boards. When it is considered that the mechanical effects of the Chinese stage are of an exceedingly crude order, the player is deserving of all the credit for keeping alive in the hearts of his countrymen their great love of theatrical displays. The crudities of the Chinese stage are responsible for some very amusing incidents which are evidently not appreciated by Mongolian audiences. For instance, the lack of a curtain frequently relieves a tragedy from a tinge of melancholy. It is not an infrequent spectacle on the stages of our local theatres to see the victim of the tragedy, who is supposed to be lying cold in death while the victor is bombastically proclaiming his triumph, coolly get up and walk into the dressing-room without the least attention being paid to him by the audience. In fact it was only recently in Chinese tragedy where a good and wise king slew ten rebellious generals by his own hand, that the slain nonchalantly arose from the floor and walked out. Of course the Chinese do not see any violation of the proprieties in this, but such conduct on a civilised stage would, of course, turn the most thrilling tragedy into a side splitting farce. The lack of scenery and absence of curtain cause a juggling together of the various parts of a play which require a very vivid imagination and a patient audience to intelligently separate. There is a consider able display of the natural about Chinese acting whieh. serves to enshroud the veriest tragedy in a light veil of comedy. For instance, should one of the players' gar ments become disarranged or his grotesque head gear require firmer fastenings he has those defects remedied in full view of the audience. An attendant steps out of the group which lines each side of the stage like a chorus and performs the necessary task. The play meantime is suspended until matters are satisfactorily arranged. The orchestra in the interval, hammers away at an ear splittingsonata that probably serves to blind the audience until the play can proceed. When several star actors are engaged in the same piece they make things "hum" to the evident enjoyment of the audience. As expressed by a visitor, as he opened his eyes in astonishment at the procedure, " Why, these fellows all get on the stage at once, and they run each other close to see who can get the most chin." And it is a fact when the "stars" get together. If the piece had any natural arrangement it is transformed into a "free for all" contest, which sets the audience wild with delight. The character of Chinese dramatisations is such that it is permissible for the actor to introduce his specialties just when he wills. The hoodlum is a type that has come under the favorable notice of the Chinese actor, for his character drawing' during the past year or two. And that character, with his bold swagger and defiant strut, is aptly imitated by the Mon golian actor; and the audience, who have all suffered, more or less, at his hands, greet the representation with continuous laugh ter. As women are debarred by Chinese custom from entering on a theatrical career, their parts are well taken by female imper sonators. Actors assuming such characters as a specialty can and do command the highest salaries on the Chinese stage. Their imitations of the coyness of maiden hood and the shrewdishness of old age are astonishing. The deception in dress and acting is so perfect in this regard that one not knowing the immutability of Chinese customs would readily believe that they were, in fact, what they pretended to be. In some of the plays these female imper sonator display a coyness and affectation in making love that is wonderfully realistic. The prim and sedate mother is another role that receives realistic treatment at the hands of Chinese actors. In the lighter roles the Chinese actor will bear contrast with his more advanced and civilised brother in the same profession. But in heavy drama the Chinese characteri sation runs too much toward vainglorious boasting and bravado, which they evidently misinterpet for the virtues of dignity and self-reliance. In the estimation of the Chinese actors the king is always repre sented as a supercilious and cynical brag gart who can conquer with but a wave of the han d or a stern glance of the eye. The "rebellious generals "rebel for no. higher purpose than the evanescent glory of tem porary power. They are made to vie with the kingly character in their contemptuous swagger and off-hand braggadocio. The Chinese comedian is a role that is usually well sustained and would bear representation on the civilised stage. There is a droll humor about the Chinese that when acted even naturally is worthy of appreciation. The Chinese comedian taljes his part well. He continues in his little by play while the leading general and the heavy king are engaged in a banter of words. The comedian falls over a chair as if by mistake, and then looks aliSiit with such a droll expression on his grotesquely painted face that even the more stolid of his race are forced to smile at his antics. Of course, the comedian's part merely consists of boyish pranks and childlike tricks. A common feat is drop ping a stone on the foot and then indulg ing in a series of gyrations supposed to be caused by the pain. Sticking out the tongue and making fantastic grimaces are other standby.; ivith the Chinese comedian. They are simple enough, but are well carried out and demonstrate the fact that the Chinese actor who essays the role of comedy realises that laughter should reply to his antics. The Chinese are frequenters of the theatres. If they cannot raise the money to get a peaceable admittance they fight their way in, as has frequently been the case in this city. The two local theatres are crowded nightly from pit to dome. The patrons of these resorts are critical and discerning, and, as a result, the manage ment is constantly on the alert to provide a good entertainment, and to do this they have to secure the brightest stars in the Chinese theatrical heaven, These " stars" are *. engaged at an enormous outlay," and have to be supported by a company of two score or more. The Chinese actor is not to be likened to the stage struck American school girl. He is a cool, calculating creature who loves his profession for the money there is in it. He is way beyond the reach of the barn storm ing manager in his terms, and is not satis fied to accept his board and to have his name blazon forth on great three sheet posters in letters of red. He wants, first, last, and at all times, a salary. If he is prominent in his profession he is in receipt of constant " calls" from theatre managers. 1 In the end he accepts the " call" with the best salary, For a time the local theatres 'engaged in a keen rivalry to secure the services of the best -talent. Salaries were .forced up to a high point, and as much as 10,000 dol. 4 year was paid to single actors by both theatres. In fact, the. Washington-street theatre once carried off "the palm by engag ing Wah Ng Gum, an actor of fame, for a few weeks at the rate of 25,000 dol. per year. The actors arc all boarded at the theatre, and they live well. They sport fine clothes, patronise fantan, and give swell parties. The best of the talent engaged by the local places of amusement receive from 40doL to lOOdol. a week. The stage hands, who, by the way, have to be well drilled in the piece to perform their duties, are paid from 7.50 dol. to 20 dol. a week. The supporters of the stars get from 15 doL to 40 doL for their services. The "ghost walks" with the utmost regularity in Chinese theatres. For woe betide the manager who should fail to pay the com pany, His remains woidd not be recognised by his own mothei. The theatrical profession among the Chinese is recruited from the corps of supers attached to the theatres. They perform the various duties about the stage and gradually climb up the ladder to higher positions until they shine forth as stars. Adaptability has nothing to do with the profession in the Chinese estimation* It is the experience acquired -by long years of association with the stars of the stage that is considered. Acting with them is a trade, learned and acquired like any mechanical pursuit. This accords with the boast once made by a prominent barn stermer that he could make an actor out of a saw borse if given time, -iS. JT" Chronicle 