* t. Patrick's Day. I A I3ANQUBr was held at the Grand Hotel leit evening with the object of celebrating St. Patrick's Day. The Very Rev. Father Meagher ocopied the chai', and among the ladies aid gentlemen preseno were the Rev. Father O'Gorman, the Roev. Father Olancy, Meears. D. Scott and W. Grabhamo, Me.P.; Alderman Rodgors, Mayor of INewcastle; Alderman Moroaey, Alderman and MrF. Buchanan, Alderman Ruehbtn, Mayor of Walleend; Alderman Arkins, of Hamil ton; Alaerman O'roole, of Stcokton; Mesers. E. Flynn, T. Cronin, D. M'Auliffe, J. O'Grady, A. M'Donell, R. Peaocke, M. Donovan, M. Callen. T. Boyle. J. Studderb. J. Mecgher, E. Russoll, J. Coleman, M. Keane, and Mr. end Mrs. More. The banquet wase set out in the largo dining room, and the tables were very pret iy ornamented with flo were and greenery appro priate to the orcasion. The edibles were very choice, land the arrdngem n as were ,x cellent. When tho cravings of the inner man had been satifled, the Chairman apolc gised for the absence of Mr. Alexander B~rown, who had been detained in Sydney, and for thbt of MIr. J. O'Mar r, of Stockton, who had aleso been callel away on business. ehe" flt toast on the lirt was that of the "Governar," and the epeoker re marked that eltbhcugh Irishn:en were enppce.d to object ti, all rule, they were ealy quiet and law-atiding and wero prepared to put up with the beet g~aernment they could get. Lord Jersey was highly appreciated thrcughout the colony for his many nxc.llant qualitilep, and not because he was a nobleman He (the speaker) asked all presenot to drink to His Excellency. The toast~ was wellreceived. Mr. E. FLYNN proposed, " The Parlia meont," coupled with the names of Messre. Bcott and Graham', Me.P. He said that he felt exceedingly pleaeod at the opportunity of being able to testify to the ability of the petasnnel of the Honeso, and to pay a special tribut?e to the two members present. as he ees'e?mcd them very highly. He felt sure that the toast would meet with a good reception The glaesses were emptied en *hmn'rha?lly_ In responding, Mr. EcoIT said he felt very much pleased at the remarks just made by Mr. Flynn. Parliament was an institution in which every man met his equal, and the present one would compare favourably with any of its predecessore. True, some of the members were 3ourg but they were getting through their work very ratisfactorily. When he was returned he determined to carry out his duties faithfully and recording to the dictates of his conacieLce, irrespective of criticiem, and he would cootinue to do so during the time he occupied a seat in the House. (Hear, hear.) Thepresent Ministers were as fine a body of men as any who had ever conducted the affairs of the country, and he believed they would do more than had ever previously been accomplished under similar circumstances. The Conciliation Bill which had been brought forward was a splendid me sure, and would be a great boon when passed. The Local Government Bill was also an excellent measure, and would certainly meet with general approval. He thanked the ladies and gentlemen present for the enthusiastic way in which they had honoured the toast, and he hoped to attend the next annual gathering on St. Patrick's Day. Mr. W. GRAHAaE. in responding, thanked the company for their reception of the toast, and stated that in his opinion the present Parliament wes the best that the country had had, although he was sorry to say that some of the yoeng members ta'ked rather too freely. He would like to see more work and less verbosity, but he was bound to assert that a grast deal of useful legislation had toaken place. On the previous day he and his colleague had been successful in getting the Minister for Works to pronise a sum If £200 for the building of the Smedmore embankment, a boon that the members had been trying to obtain for the last three years. They had a great many country members in the House, and he hoped that in future the wants of Newcastle would be provided for. (Hear, hear.) BRev. Father O'GoxAw proposed "The Day we Celebrate," and stated that he was sorry that the gentleman who should have proposed the toast was absent, although he esteemed it an honour to have been called upon to ask the ladies and gentlemen present to drink to such a toast. Oelebrations of the kind in which they were engaged would be beneficial to the country, because they would remind the people of the man who had laid down his life for those who had endeavoured to deprive him of his liberty, and he (the speaker) had only to mention the names of Plunkett, Butler, M'Enroe, and Therry, Dalley, Buke, and others to remind his hearers of what Irishmen had done for this country. No one would say a word to an Englishman for honouring the birthday of his Queen, or to the sons of Wales for bringing their songs into this country, and he felt sure that no one would demur at Irishmen for doing honour to the memory of their patron saint. (Hear, hear.) The speaker then referred to the action of several Irish soldiers in bat.les in which England had been engaged, end drew special attention to the work done by his countrymen at Malvern Hills and other places during the American war. He also spoke of a large number of Irish patriots, including Henry Grattsn, who, at the head of a Protestant body of men, had tried to unite all creeds. The Tory cry regarding Ireland was almost exhaustad, as no one who knew a line of history believed that any Protestant Parliament would do aught against the Catholic religion, and he asserted that Irish Catholics were prepared to trust their destinies in the hands of a Protestant Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Why should men like Salisbury and Balfour have been allowed to raise the religious cry P Why should they have-been allowed to deny justice to Ireland, or to put forward assertions that Irish Catholics would persecute Protestants P The time had gone by when the people could be frightened by any Kiama Ghost, and he (the speaker) held that if the Labour party in the present Parliament of 1New Bouth Wales carried out their duties, and put down the sectarian cry as they had done at Newcastle during the last general election. they would deserve the respect of all men, The speaker then referred to Cardinal Manning, and to the action he had taken in the London dockers' strike and to the way in which his Eminence had gone to the masters and told them that they should not trample upon the men, whether Protestants, Catholics, or infidels, excepting over his dead body. (Hear, hear.) He (the speaker) gave the toast in the names of the ladies and gentlemen assembled, and trusted that the tree of sectarianism would never tlke root in Australia. (Hear, hear.) The toast was enthusia: ioclly honoursd. Mr. E. Flynn then proposed, "Ireland as a Nation." He said that although he did not intend to take up the time by expressing the usual regrets that such an important duty had not been entrusted to abler hands, he might be pershitted to say that his feel ing of hesitation was not lossened by the knowledge that in every corner of the globe that evening the sentiment embodied in the tbast was being spoken to by the best and brightest of Ireland's sons. Ireland as a Nation ! What a wealth of meaning the words conveyed when uttered by those who loved the country and longed for the realisa. tion or idea contained in the phase. What country in this planet had a stronger olaim to freedom than their own dear little emerald isle If they searched the annals of the world, they would seek in vain for a land' with such a glorious and rt tuch a saddening: history. Every etudent knew that in the year 450, when Christianity was estab. lished, Ireland took rhe foremest place in the van of civilisation, and her missionaries spread the Gospel throughout: Europe, and she afterwards became the training school of all the arts and sciences and the very citadel of literature and culture.. The Irish, like all other early European communities, had in forne?r ages been divided into tuiber. Provincial kings reigned in Munster, Leinster, Uister, and Connaught,. while a supreme king, whose seat was at Tars, reigned over all. Brian, the greatest. of Irish kings, tried to abolish the tribal system and consolidate the nation, but when he had almost accomplished his work his death at the battle of Glontarf in 1014 once more allowed his country to become dis tracted by tribal quarrels, and thus an easy, prey to the Anglo-Norman. Then com menced the long era of oppression, misrule5 and tyranny, which had n.ot yet closed. History never had furnished a parallel for shocking cruelty and misgovernment on the one aide, and dogged determinati:n, patience, and patriotism on She other, such as Ireland's a nlals showed during the long wen yyears ttat bad gone by. The day of deliverance was now at hand, however. William Ewart Gladstone, the greatest and grandest Erglishm.n of all time, was about to crown a long and glorious career by granting ee!f-governme.t to Ireland, not as a favour, bub as a simple act of justice. The movement for Irish freedom always had been a national one, irrespective of creed, in proof of which was it not a fact that almoset loil the grebt leaders in Ireland had boon Proteseants ? Molyn ux, Swift, Flood, Grottan, C'harlemont, Cur;an, Wolfe, Love, Hamilton, Rowan, Lord Fitzgerald, Robert Jfmmett, Thomas Davies, John Mitchell, Smith, O'Brien, and Charles Stewa t Parnell, were men whso canmres would live for all time. By t e instrumeetolity of men like Glad. sthne and Davitt the people were at last being aroused from their lethargy, and the result would shortly appear in the nnihila tim of the party of cee o'.n, :the party of craie ignoran e-the Tory party, and the g'orious and ccmpcletevict:ry of the Liberals, supported by the Irish party, and the watchword of Home Rule for Ireland,. or Ireland a nation. (Htear, hear) Alderman MOONsBY proposed ' The Land We Live." He said th.t if there was one thing they were proud of it was that the old-time h:treds were extinct. These had, in former years, been introduced for political purposes, but they were now swept out of existrnce, and if ever the necessity arose Irishmen would fight for the Southern Cross as bravely as any other residents of the counlry. He hoped that future catherings such as the one they wore holding would-be attended by citizens of all nationalities, and that good fooling would continue to exist. Alderman RoDanEs (Mayor of Newcastle) in responcing, said th:t as he was only two years old when he came to the country he might almost be called a native. He had been surprised upon taking his seat to find that he would be called upon to re spond to the toast, and if he had known beforehand thet he would be eznected to speak he would have come prepared with facts and figures rgording the progress of Australia. This progress had certainly been t.cmendous, and the approach of Federation would tend t> further advance it. Taking into coes deration the fact that Australia was over 10,000 miles from England, and her present condition of prosperity, he thought she was quits capable of gover.ing herself. He was in accord with festivals such as the one in which they were engaged, and he thought that no citizen's would ;e any the wcrose for taking part in them. Although so young when he left the old country, he could not now hear the Sotch pipes in the front of a kilted com. pany without having his blood stirred, and he could therefore well understand the feel. ings of Irishmen when assembling to honour the memory of their patron saint. Mr. T. CRooIN proposed the toast of 'The Vieitoro," which was enthusiastically honoured, and responded to by Alderman BODGBoSs, Mr. RUSHTON, and Alderman BUcHArAN. The toaots of ' The Ladies," proposed by M~r. PEACOCK?, and responded to by Mr. M'AULIrP?, and "The Press." proposed by Rev. Father CLA~cYC, concluded the list. During the evening Mr E. Farley de lighted the company by singing the songs "The Minstrel Boy," " SavourneenDheel. ish," and "Torence's Farewell," to the splendid accompaniment of Miss Pearce, whe presided at the piano. 