[continued FROM SATUllbAT s ISSUE. [ah. fviGHTS reserved.] N AD A THE LILY. : BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copyright, 1S91, bv h. Rider Haggard CHAPTER X.YI. uwslopogaas vestures out 10 win the axk. Now, many moons had gone by (mice Um slopogaas became a king of the wolves* and he was a man full grown, a mau force and tall and been j a slayer of tttvSn, fleet of foot and of valor unequalled, seeing by night as well as by day. But he was not named the Slaughterer, and not yet did he hold that iron chieftainess, the axe Groan-Maker. Still, this was foremost in his mind) to Win the axe ; foe no woman had tsfttered there, who when she enters drives out all other desire—ay, my father, eren that of good weapons. At times, indeed, Umslopogaas wotild lurk in the reeds by the river, looking at the kraal of Jikiza, the Unconquercd, and would watch the gates of his kraal, and. once as he lurked ho saw a man great (Mid broad and hairy, who bore Upoh his shoulder a shining axe, haftcd with the horn of a rhi noceros, After that his greed for this axe entered into Umslopogaas more and more, lill at length he scarcely could sleep for thinking of it, and to Galazi ho spoke'of little else, wearying him much with his talk, But for all his longing he c-.iuld tuvd tV<J Vfteans to win it. Now, it befoll tiiat as Umslopogaas lurked one evening in the reeds, watching the kraal of Jikixi, he saw a maiden straight arid fair, whose skin shone like the copper ankletson her limbs. Sho walked slowly on towards the reeds •where he lay hid. Nor did she stop at the brink of the reeds ; sho entered them and sat herself down wUhhi a spear's length of where Umslopogaas lay hid, and at once began to weep, speaking to herself as she vcpl. ' Would that the ghost-wolves might fall oil him and all that ia his,' she sobbed, ' ay, and en Masilo also! I would hound tlvcm on, even if myself I must next knoiv their fangs. Better to die by the teeth of the wolves than to be soli to this fni 'pig of a Masilo. Oh ! if I must wexi Van, I will give him a knife for the bride's kiss. Oh ! that I were lady oi the ghost-wolves, there should be a picMiig of bones in the kraal of Jikiza before the moon grows young again.' Umslopogaas heard, ar.d of a sudden reared himself up before the maid, And ho was great and wild to look on\ ahd the she wolf's fangs shone upon l*.is \>ro\\\\-. ' The ghost-wolves are at hand, damsel,' he said. 1 Thoy are ever at hand for those who nepd them.' Now the maid saw him and screamed faintly, then <jre\\\\* silent, wondering at the greatness of the fierce eyes of the man who spoke to her. ' Who are you V she asked. ' I fear you not, whoever you are,' 'There you are wrong, damsel, for sit fear me, and they have causy to fiiUV. I am one of the Wo\F-brethreU, whose names have been told of t t am a wizard of the Ghost. Mountain. Take hoed, now, lest I kill you. It will be <>f little avail to call upon your people, for my feet are fleeter than theirs.' 'I have no wish to call upon my people, Wolf-Man,' sho answered. 'And for the rest I am too young to kill.' ' That is so, maiden,' answered Umslopo gaas, looking at her beauty. ' What were the words upon your lips as to Jikiza and a: certain Masilo? Were they not fierce words, such as my heart likes well ?' ' It seems that yen heard them,' answeied the girl. ' Whit need to wa3te breath in speaking them again V ' No need, maiden. Now, tell me your story; perhaps I may find a way to help you.' ' There is a little to tell-,' slic answered. It is a small tale and a common. My name is Zitiita, <i!id jikiza the Unconquered is my step-father. He married my mother, who is dead, butnone.ot his blood is in me. Now, he would give mo in marriage to a certain Masilo, a fat mail and an old, whom Ilmte, because Masilo offers many cattle for rile.' ''s thera, then, another whom you would wed, maiden,' asked Umslopogaas. ' There is nolle,' answered Zanita, looking him in the eyes. ' And is there 110 path by which you may escape from Masilo V ' There is only ono path, Wolf-Man—by death. If I die, I shall escape ; if Masilo dies, I shall escape ; but io little end, for I shall be given to another; but if Jikiza dies, then it will be well. What of that wolf-people of yours, are they not hungry,, Wolf-ManT ' ' ' I may not bring them here,' answered Umslopogaas. ' Is there no other way V 'There is another way,' said Zinitn,' 'if one can be found to try it.' and again she lojked at him strange^', causing the blood to beat within him. 'Hearken! do you not know' how our people are governed ? They are governed by him who I10W3 the axe Groaii Maker. He that can Will the axe in war from the hand of him who holds it, shall bo our chief. But if he who holds the axe dies unconquered, then his son takes his place and with it the axe. It lias been thus, in deed, for four generations, since ha who held Groan-Mukcrhas always been unconquerable. But I have heard this, that the great-grmd fathcr of Jikiza won tlio ntee from him who held it ill his day; he won it by fraud. For when the axe had fallen on him but, lightly, he fell over, feigning death. Then the owner of the axe laughed, and turned to walk away. But the fore-father of-Jikiaa sprang up behind him and pierced him through with a spear, and thus became chief of tile People of the Axe. Therefore, it is the custom " of Jikiza to how oil'the heads of those whom he kills with the axe.' ' Docs lie, then, slay many V asked Um slopogims. 'Of late years, few indeed,', she said, .'for none dare stand against him—no, not with all to win. For, holding the axo Groan Maker, he ia unconquerable, and to fight with him is sure death. Fifty-a nd-one have tried in all, and before the hut of Jikiza there are piled fifty-and-one white skulls. And know this, the axe must be won in fight; if it is stolen, or found, it lias no virtue —nay, it brings shame and death to him who holds it.' ; 'How, then, may a man give battle to Jikiza?'he asked again. ' Thus : Once in every year, on the, first day of the new moon of the summer season, Jikiza holds a meeting of the headmen. Then he must rise and challenge all or any to come forward and do battle with him to win I he axe and become chief in his place. Now, if one comes forward, they go into the cattle kraal, and there the matter is ended. After wards, when the head is hewn from the foe, Jikiza goes buck to the meeting of the head men, and they talk as before. All are free to come to the meeting, and Jikiza must fight with them if they will it, whoever they be.' • ' Perhaps I 6hall be there,' said Umslopo gaas. ' After I his meeting at the new moon, I am to be given in marriage to Masilo,' &iid; the maid. ' But should one conquer Jikiza, then he will be chief, and can give me in marriage to whom he will.' Now, Umslopogaas understood her meaning, and knew that he had found favor in her sight; and the thought moved him a little, for women were strange to him as yet.' ' If perchance I should be there,'he said, ' and if perchance I should be win the iron Chieftainess, the axe Groan-Maker, and rule over the People of the Axe. you should not live far from the shadow of the axe, thence forward, Maid Zinita.' 'It is well, Wolf-Man, though some might not wish to dwell in that shadow ; but first you must win the axe. Many have tried, and all have failed.' I 'Yet one must succeed at last,' lie said, 'and so, farewell!' And he leaped into the torrent of the river, and swam it with great strokes. Now the maid Zinitn watched him till he was gone, and love of him entered into her Iienrt—a love that was fiercu and jealous and strong. But as ho wendod to the Ghost Mountain Umslopogaas thought rather of axe Groan-Maker than of maid Zimtf\; for ever, ae the bottom, Umslopogaas loved war more than women, though this has been his fate, that women have brought sorrow on his head. Fifteen days must pass before the day of the new moon, and during this time Urn slopo^aas thought much and said little. Still, ho told Galazi something of the tale, and that he was determined to do battle with JikizH the Unconqucred for the axe Groan Maker. Galuzi said that ho would do woll :oletit ba, and that it was hotter to stay j ivit.h the wolves than to go out seeking for ! itrangu weapons. Ho said also that even if he von the axe, the matter might not stay there | or he must take the girl also, and his heart boded no - good of women. It had been a girl who slow his" father in the krsinls of the Halakazi. To all of which UiWsldpogaas «aid nothing, for his heart was set both un tho axe Mid- tllo girl, but moro on the first than the last. • So the time wore on and at 1 mgth cr.mo tho day of the new moon. At tho dawn of that day Umslopogaas arose and clad him self in a moocha, binding the she- wolf's skiri round his middle botleAth the moocha. In his hand ho took a stout fighting shield, which he had made of buffalo hide, and that same light moon- shaped axe with which he had slain the captain of Chaka. ' A poor weapon with which to • kill Jakizi the Unconquered,' said Galasi, eyeing it askance. ' It shall aerVe my turn,' answered Um slojMgaas. Now, Umsl jpogaas ate, and then they moved together slowly down the mountain and crossed the river by a ford, for he Would save his strength. On tho farther Side of the river GalaBi hii} hiliiself in the reeds, because his futie was known, and there Um slopogaas bade him farewell, not knowing if ho should look oh him. again. Afterwards ho walked up to the Great Place of Jikizu. iSow, when ho reached the gates of tho Kraal, lie saw that many people welt sti'eiihl mg through them,and thiHgled witli the people. Presently they came ,to the open space in front of tho hutsof.Jikiza and there 110 headmen were gathpred together.. In the centre of them, and before a heap of . skulls of men which were piled up against his doorposts, sat-Jikiza, a liugo man, a hairy ;md .1 proud, who glar'ed about , In 111 rolling his eyos. Fastened to his arm i by a tiiong of leather was th'e gfeat axe uioan-Maker. and catili man as ho came up saluted the a&e;, billing it, ' Inkosikau?.,' or cluefUiiiess, but he did not salute Jikiza. mslopngaas sat down with the people in iront ot the counselors, and few took any notice of him, except. Zinitn. who moved riuileiuy. to and fro bearing bote of beer to tiie counsellors, Kafir fco Jikiza-, ipn his.right hand, Bftt a rat man with amall'and twilikling £yes, v.'how&tcne;^ tnu ih^ul iiinita greedily, Xon &*n»' iJ)"light Umslopogaas, 'is JMnsuo. iho bettor for blood-letting wilt though be, Masilo.' - . < JJl.'C3ont'y Jikiza spoke, rolling his eyes : Ahis is the matter before you,- counsellors. 1 have settled it in my mind f'j give , rmr daughter Zinita in .marl-kge to Masilo, but the marriage is not yet agreed.on. I demand fc hundred head of cattle from ltlasuo, for the maid is fair and straight, a proper maid, mid, moreover, my daughter, though not of my blood. But Maslio offers titty head only, therefore I ssk of you to settle it.'. W e hear Lord of the Axe,' answered om ot the counsellors, but first, 0 Uncon quered, you must on:this day of the year according to ancient custom, give public challenge to any man to fijfht you for the Groaii-Maker atid foV- your place as.chief of thePopplBOfllieAxe.' . - - 'This isa wearisome thing,' grumbled Jikiza, ' Can I never have done in it ? lurry-arm-three ■ lwvo I slain in my j-oufh without a wound, and now for many years I have challenged;.like a cock on a dunghill, and none crow in answer. ' Ho, now ! Ts tfyere any man who will come forward and do battle with me. Jikiza, for the great axo Groan-Maker?" To him who can win :it, it shall be, and with .it the chieftainship of the People of the Axe.' Thus he spoke very fast', as a man gabbles a prnyor to it spirit in whom lie has little taifch, then turned otice more to., talk of the cattle nf Masilo and of the maid Zinita. But suddenly Umslopnga.-is stood up, - looking at him over the top of his war shield, and cry ing, ' Here is one, O Jikiza; who will do battle with you for the axe Groan-Maker, and for the chieftainship that is to him who holds tnfe Use. Now, all the people laughed, and jikiza glared at him. ' Come forth from behind that big shield of yours,' he said. ' Conie forth and tell me. your name and line»ge—you who would do battle with the Unconquered for the ancient axe.' Then Umslopogaas came forward, and he looked so fierce, though he was but youn--*, that the people laughed no more. ' What, is niy name and lineage to you Jikiza V he said. ' Lot it be, and hasten to do me battle, as you must by the custom, for I am eager to handle the Groan-Maker and t'j sit ill your seat and settle this-matter of the cattle of Masilo the Pig. When I have killed you I will take a name who now have none.' . - Now, once more the people laughed, but Jikiza grew mad with wrath, and sprang up gasping. ■ •: • '■ : ' What !'• he said, ' you dare to speak thus to me, you babe unweaned, to me the Un conquered, the holder of the axe ! Never did I think to live to hear such talk from a long-legged pup. • On to the cattle' kraal, to the cattle kraal, People of the Axo, thit I may hew this braggart's head from his shoulders. He would • stand in my-place, would he ?—the place that I and my fathers have hold for four generations by virtue of the axe. I tell you all- that, presently I will stand upon his head, and then we will settlo the matter of Masilo.' 'Babble not so fast man,' quoth Um slttpogaas, 'or if you must babble; speak those words which you would say ere you bid the sun farewell.' Now, Jikiza choked with rage, and foam came upon his lips so that he could not speak, but the people found this sport—all except Masilo, who' looked askance at this'stranger, tall and fierce, and Zinita, who looked at Masilo, and with no love. So they all moved down to the cattle kraal, and Galazi, seeing it from afar, could keep nway no' longer, but drew near and mingled with the crowd..; ' C IT APTEJl XVII. Umslopogaas Becomes Chief of tiie People of the Axe. Now, when Umslopogaas and Jikiza the Unconquered had come to tho cattle kraal, they were set in its centre and there were .ten paces between^ them. . Umslopogaas was a>med with the great shield and the light moon-shaped axe, Jikiza carried the Groan Maker and a small dancing shield, and, look ing at the weapons of the two, people thought that this stranger would furnish no sport to tho holder of the axe. ' He is ill armed,' said an old man, 'it should be otherwise—large axe, small shield. Jikiza is unconquerablo, and the big shield will not help this long- legsred stranger when Groan-Maker rattles on tho buffalo hido.' The old man spoke thus in the hearing of Galnzi the Wolf,and Galazi thought he spoke wisely, and sorrowed for the fate of his brother.. ■ Now, the word was given, and Jikiza rushed on Umslopogaas, roaring, for his ra»e was great. But Umslopogaas did not stir till his foe was about to strike, then suddenly he leaped aside, and as Jikiza passed ho smote him hard upon the back with the flat of his axe, making a great sound, for it was not his plan to try to kill Jikiza with this axe. Now, a great shout of laughter wont un from the hundreds of the people, and the heart of Jikiza nearly burst with rage became of the shame of that blow. Round he came like a bull that is mad, and once moro rushed at Um slopogaas, who lifted his shield to meet him. Then, of a sudden, just when the great axe leapt on high, Umslopogaas uttered a cry as of fear, and, turning, fled before the face of Jikiza. Now once more tho .shout of laughter went up, while Umslopogaas fled swiftly, and after him rushed Jikiza, blind with fury. Round and about the kraal sped Umslopogaas, scarcely a spear's length ahead of Jikiza, and he ran keeping his back to the sun as much as might be, that lie might watch the shadow of Jikiza. A second timo he sped round, while tho people cheered the chaso as hunters cheer a dog which pursues a buck. So cunningly did Umslopogaas run, that, though he seemed to roel with weak ness in such fashion that men thought his strength was gone, yet he went ever faster J and faster, drawing Jikiza after him. Now, when Umslopogaas knew by the breathing of his foe and by tho staggering of his shadow that his strength was spent, sud denly he made as though ho wore about to fall himself, and stumbled out of the path far to the right, and as he stumbled ho let drop his great shield full in the way of Jik iza's feet. Then it came about that Jikiza, rushing blindly on, caught his feet in tho I shield and fell headlong to earth. Umslopo gaas saw, and swooped on him like an eagle on a dove. Before men could so much as think,he had seized the axe Groan-Maker,and with a blow of tho steel ho held had severed tha thong of leather which bound it to the wrist of Jikiza, and had sprung back, hold ing tho great axe aloft, arid 'casting down his jwn weapon" upon the ground. Now, tho watchers saw all the cunning of his fight; and ;ho?o ot them who liafcad Jikiza shouted aloud, But others were silent. Slowly Jikiza gUh ei'sd hltnself from 'he ground, wondering if he were still bHto, as he rose he grasped tho little axe of Umslopogaas, and, looking at it, he wopfc. But Umslopogaas held up the grc.it Groan-Maker, the iron G>iieftt*iii«B>>; and examined ita curVed points of blue steel, the gOuge that stands behind it, and the beauty of its haft, bound about with wire of bras3, and ending in a knob like the knob of a stick, as a lover looks upon the beauty of his bride. Then before all inen ho kissed the broad blade and cried aloud-— ' Greeting to theo, my Ohieftainess, greet' ing to thoe, Wife of toy youth, whom I have won in war, NeVot'shall We part, thou and I'i <»ha together will we dio, thou and I, for I am not minded that others should handle thee when I am gone.' Thus ho cried in the hearing of men, theti turned to Jikiza, who stood weeplncr. because ho had lost ally 1 WheVn now is your prido, O Unconquered 'l' laughed Umslopogaas. ' Fight on. You are as well armed as I was a while ago, when I did not fear to stand before you.' Jikiza looked at him for a moment, then with a curse he hurled the little axe at him, and, turning, fled swiftly towaids the ijalbs of the cnttlo fct'aal. Umslopogaas stooped,, and the littlo axe sped over him. Then he stood for a while watching, and tlio people thought that he meant to let Jikiza go. But that was not his desire ; he waited, indeed, till Jikiza: had covered nearly half the apace botweon hiin and tlio gate, then, with a roar he leaped for ward, as light leap's "fnm a cloud, and so fast did his feet fly that tile watchers could acarcoly see them move: Jikiza fled fast also; yet he seemed but asono who stands still. Now he reached the gate of the kraal, now there was a rush; a light of 'downward fall ing steel, and something swept past him. Then, behold ! Jikiza fell in the gateway of the kraal, and all saw that ho wcia. detid) smitten to death by that mighty axe Grban Maker, whi'cli ho and hiB fathers had held for many years. • " ' A great shout went jjp from thd crowd of watchers whew: they knew that Jikiza > the Unconquered was killen at. last, and there were many who . hailed Umslopogaas, nam ing him Chief "and Lord of the People of the Axe, But the bods of s jikijiii) to ,th« nUmher. of t\jh, great men And.bravo, rushed on Umslopogaas to kill. him. Umslopogaas ran backwards, lifting up the Groan- Maker, when certain counsellors of the people flung themselves in between them, crying, 'Hold !' ' Is not this your law, ye counsellors,' said Umslopogaas, 1 that, having conquered 'the chief of the People of the Axe,-1 rnvielf am cliicf f : - ; ; ' ■ ' ' 'Thatis our law indeed, stranger,''an sweied an aged, counsellor, '.but this alsd i b our law ; that now "you iiiust do, battle one l>y one. With all. wlio ijqine. Against'' you. So it was in iliy Father's time;, when the grand father of him who, no.w lies dead won the axe, and so it must be again to-day.' 'Ii have nothing to . siy against the rule.' said- Umslopogaas. ' Now, who is there who will come up against me lo- do battle for the axe Groan-Maker and' the chief tainship of the People of the Axe !' Then all the ten . sons , of Jikiza stepped forward aa one man, for their hearts were mad with wrath.because of (he death of tlieir . father and because, the chieftainship had gone from their race, so that in tr.uth J-hey.carrd little, if they lived or jie'd. ■ But .there, were noiie beside' those, for. all men feared to stand before I'mslopogaas and the Groan Mukerr , > Umslopogaas counted them. 'There are ten. by the head of-Chaka !' he cried. 'Now, if I must fight ali these one by one, no time will be left to me 'this day to talk of the matter of Masilo arid of the maid Zinita. Hearken 1 What say you, eons of Jikiza the Conquered ? -If I find one other to .stand be s-ide mo in the fray, and all of you come on at once against us twain, ten against two, to slay us or bo slain, will that be to your minds ?' The bretliren consulted together, and held that so thoy should be in better case than if they went up one by one. ' So be it,' they said, and the counsellors assented. - Now, as lie fled round and round, Umslopo gaas had seen the face of Galazi, - his' brother, in the throng; and knew that he hungered to share the fight. So he called ateud that lie whom he should chbose, and' who would stand back to back with him in the fray, if victory wero theirs, should be the first after him among tho People of the Axe. And as he called, he walked bIowIv down the line scanning the faces, of all, - till he came to where Galazi stood leaning on tho Watcher. '; 1 Hero is a great fellow who bears a great club* said Umslopogaas. 'How arc you "named, fellow?" ' ' ' I am named Wolf,'said Galazi. i ' Say now, Wolf, are you willing to stand back to back with me in the fray of two against ten t If victory is ours, you shall be next to me among this people.' : ' Better I love the wild woods and the mountain's breast that the kraals of mon and tho kiss of- wives, Axebearer,' answered Galazi. ' Yet, because you have shown your Belf a warrior of might, and to taste again of the joy of battle,' I will stand back to back with'you, Axebearer, and seo this matter ended.' ■ 'A bargain. Wolf!' cried- Umslopogaas, and they walked side by si 3o—-a miuhty pair! —till they came to the centre of the cattle kraal. All there looked on theni wondering, and it came into the thoughts of some that these were none other than the wolf-brethren who dwelt upon the Ghost- Mountain. ' Now.aie Groan-Jfak'cr and club Watcher are,come together, Galazi,' said Umslopogaas as they walked, «and I think that few can Bt-nifd before them.' . ' And it so,' answered Galazi. ' At the least',. the fray will be merry, and what matter how. frays end Y 'Ay,' said Umslopogaas, 'victoryis good, . but'death ends all and is best of ill.' ! Then they spoke of tho fashion in which they should fight, and Umslopogaas looked curiously at the axe ho carried, and at the puint on its hammer,balancing it in his hand. When ho had. looked along, the pair took their stand back toJjack in tlio centre of tho kraal, and peoplo saw that Umslopogaas held the axe in a new fashion, its curved blade being inwards towards his breast, and tho hollow point turned towards the foe. The ten brethren gathered themselves together, shaking their assegais ; five of them stood before Umslopogaas and five before Galazi the Wolf. They were all great men, made fierce with rage and shame. ' Now nothing except witchcraft can save these two,' said a counsellor to one who stood by him. ' Yet there is virtue in the axe,' answered the other, ' and for the club, it seems that I know it ; I think it is named Watcher of the Fords, and woe to those who stand before tho Watcher. I myself have seen him aloft when I was young : moreover, these are no cravens who hold the axe and club. They are hut lads, indeed, yet they have drunk wolf's milk.' Meanwhile, an aged man drew near to speak the word of onset; it was that same man who had set out the law to Umslopogaas. ne must give the signal by throwing up a spear, and when it struck the ground, then the fight should b&gin.; The old man took tho spear and threw it, but his hand wbs weak and he cast so clumsily that it fell among the sons of Jikiza, who stood before Umslopogaas, causing them to open up to let it pass between theni,and drawing the eyes of all ton of them to it. But Umslopogaas watched for the touching of the spear only, being careless vhere it touched. As the point of it, kissed the earth, he said a word, and lo ! Umslopo gaas and Galazi,not waiting for the onslaught of the ten, as men had thought thoy must, sprang forward, each at tho lino of foes who were befoio him. Whilo the ten still stood confused, for it had been their plan to attack, I tho wolf-brothron were on them. Groau ! Maker was up, but as for no great stroko. Ho did-but peck,as a bird pecks with his bill, and yet a man dropped dead. The Watcher also was up, but he fell like a falling tree,and was tho death of one. Through die lines of the ten passed tho wolf-brothren in the gaps that each had made. Then thoy turned swiftly and charged towards each othor again ; again Groan-Maker peoked, again tho Watcher thundered, and lo 1 once more Umslopogaas and Galazi stood back to back unhurt, but before them lay four men dead. The onslaught and tho return were so swift, that men scarcely understood what had been dono ; oven those of tho sons of Jikiza who wero left starod at each othor wondering. Than they knew that they were but six, for four of them wore dead. With a shout of rage they rushed upon tho pairfrom both sides,but in either case ono was tho most oager.and out stepped the other two, and thus it came about that time was given tho wolf-brethrentostriko it him alone, beforo his fellows wero at his side. He who came at Umslopogaas drove it him with his spear, but he was not to be caught thus,for ho bent his middle sideways, so that.the spear only cut his skin, and *3 he ' b»nt tapped with the point of tho axe at tho. head of the umiteri dealing dentil on him. ' Yonder Wjodpeflker hivi a bill of steel; illid lie iiaii use it well,' said ihe counsellor to him who stood by him. 'This is a Slaughterer indeed,1 the man answered, and the people heard the names. Thenceforth they knew Umslopogaas as the Woodpecker, or as Bulalio, or the Slaughterer, and by no other naraos. Now, he who came at Galnzi the Wolf rushed on wildly, holding his spear shorti But Qnlaai Was cUnliilig in war. He took one step for ward to meet him, then, swinging the Watcher backward, ho let him fall at the full length of arms and club The child of Jikisa lifted hiB Bhield to dutch the blow; but the shield w/ta to t the Watcher U'hftfc a leaf is to the iviiiji; jTuli tin ita hide tho hUg'B .fclub foil, making a loud sound, tho war-shield doubled up like a raw akin, and he who bore it fell crushed to the earth. Now, for.a moment, tho four who were left of the sons of Jikiza hovered round- the pair, feinting at them from afar, but never coming within reasli of axe or elnbi 0)ie throw a spUal' Indeed, and though tJmatopclgaas leaped aside, and as it sped towards him smote tho haft in two with tho blade of Groan-Maker, yet. its head flew ,011} wound? ing Galazi in the flank. Theri.lio who liacl thrown the spear turned to &y;, forTiis hands were .empty, and^ tho others' followed swiftly, for the heart was out of them, and they dared to battle with those two no niore. Thus tlio fight was ended, and from ..its beginning till the finish whs not longer than the time in which men might count a hund red slowly. .'It seems^ tlkt hone are loft for us to kul, Galazi, sitid Unialop'ogafis, laughing aloud. 1 Ah, tlmt was a cunning fight ! Ilol you sons of the. UhcouqUered, i\lui run so 1^11-"^ i !5ivu y«U [i'eiiiie ; yoli shall live to sweep my. huts and to plough mv fields wjtll iiio otilfif women of my kraal. Now, counsellors, tho fighting is dime, so lei us to the chief's hut, whore Masilo waits us,' and heturhed arid went with Galazi, and after him followed all the people, wondering and in silence, * ' ■ he reached the hut UfiislojiOgafts ant liilh^el|dijwh.in tho place whore Jikiza had tut that lnoriniig; and thahiaid Ziiiita camo to him with a wet cloth una washed the wound that tho spear had made. He thanked her ; -then she would have washed Galazi's would also, and that was deeper, but Galazt bade her to let him be roughly, as ha' would; have no woman meddling with his wounds. Fur neither then nor at'any other time did ' Galnzi turn to women; but he hated Zinita most of them all. , Then yhislopocans spoke to Masilo the Pig, who sat before him, with a. frightejied fiicb, saying, 'It seems, 0. Masilo, that you have sought this maid Ziuitn in marriage, and against her will; persecuting her. Now I had intended to kill you as ah offering to her *nger, .-but there.has been enough blood letting to- day,- Yet you shall give a mar riage gift to this girl, whom I myself will take in marriage : you shall give a hundred head of cattle. Then get 'you gone'from among the People of the Axe. lost'a worse thing befall you, Masilo tho. Pig.' So Masilo rose up and went, and his face was green with fear, but he paid the hun dred head Qf cattle and fled towards the kraal of Chtika. Zinita watched him go, and she was glad of it, and because the Slaugh terer bad named her for his wife. ■ • ° ' I am well rid of Masilo,' she said aloud, in the hearing of Galazi, • but I had been better plenBed to see him dead before me.' ' This womau has a fierce heart,' thought Galazi, 'and she will biing no good to Um slopogaas, my brother.' Now tho counsellors and the captains of the People of tho Axe ' konzaed' to him whom-they named the Slaughterer, doing homage to liiin ns chief and holder .of the axe, and also they did homage to tho axe it self. So Umslopogaas became chief over this people, and their number was many, and he grew great and fat in cattle and wives, and none dared to gain fay him. From time to time, indeed, a man ventured to stand up before him in fight, but none could conquer him, and in a little while no one sought to face Groan-Maker when he lifted himself to peck. Galazi also was great among the people, but dwelt with them little, for best he loved the wild woods and-the mountain's breast, and often, as of old, he swept at night across the forest and the plains, and the howling of the ghost-wolves went with him. But henceforth Umslopogaas the Slaugh terer hunted very rarely with the wolves at night ; he slept at the side of Ziuita, and she loved him much and bore him children. (To be continued.) A Home on the Pension Roll.—There is a horse in the United States Army on the retired list, drawing a pension. It is a fact. The horse belonged to Captain Keogh, a neat relative of General Custer, and is the only horse which escaped the massacre in whish that general was killed. His name is Com anche, aud he is stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, with the 7th Cavalry. Custer's old regiment. His pension is sufiicient to pay for his transportation wherever lie goes, and to pay for his forage. He is cared for by a man who does notning else. Ho is saddled, bridled and equipped, and led out for in spection, yet no one sits iii hiB saddle. He has been much sought after by enterprising • showmen, but Uncle Sam says no. He will bo kept as long as life lasts, aiid after that will probably be prepared and sent to the .. Smithsonian Institution at Washington; i When found, Comanche was many miles away, from the scene of the battle. He had seven wounds, and was noarly exhausted from loss of blood. —"Animal World." Electric Sruits for Olu Houses.—The sharp horsemen who make racing their bu»i ness'at. tho Guttenburg (N.J.) track were recently astonished by a novel scheme util ised at the course for making an old and played-out horse develop unwonted speed. An electrician named P. Tobin bought Gyda, a worn-out runner, then provided his jockey with an clectric bolt, to which was connected wires running down to the spurs, and wlion the jockey gave tho old horso a shock in the homestrotch sho forged ahead with a remarkablo spurt and won the race, i paying hor backers 100 to 1. At tho time no one but tho parties interested knew tho secret of Gyda's speed, but Tobin tried tho same trick again, his horso acted very sus piciously, and investigation 'revealed the presence of the electric belt and spur3. The belt was supplied with four metal cells, about the size of a 10-boro cartridge, and the jockey turned the current into his spurs by reaching inside his jacket and pulling a switch.. Tobin was ruled off tho track— " Albany Sunday Press." ItAILWAT CaRUIAOFS IN FORMER DAYS.— A train in those days presented a much mora gay and festive appearance than it does in these sober and steady-going times. Tho engines had a good deal of bright brass about them, whilst tho coaches woro of different colors—bright ai'd striking ones being usually adopted. Thus on the Newcastle and Carlisle line the first-class were pain tedyellow, the second-class white ; the company did not condescend to carry third-class passengers at all. On the Dublin and Kingstown, about 1840, tho first woro purple, the closed seconds yellow, tho open seconds green, and the thirds Piussian blue. The outside pas sengois themselves, at a time when, white trousos and blue coat3 were not thought out rages, added a good deal to tho piciuresque nes3 of the scone. The guard in many cases wore a scarlet coat with silver buttons, and formed on the roof of the last coach a fitting termination to tho brilliant procession.— " Cornhill Magazine." How to Choose a Name.—It is not often thought necessary to consult the infant in tho solectiori of his name, nevertheless Mr. Tylor quotes this practice as prevailing among two nations at opposite sides of the earth. ' The New Zealand priest would re peat to tho infant a long list of names of its ancestors, fixing upon that name which the child by sneezing or crying when it waR uttered was considered to selsct for itself; while the Cheremiss in Russia would shake the baby till it cried, and then repeat namos ! to it till it chose itself one by leaving off cry ing.' Win:re was Pharaoh Drowned ?—A reverend visitor was catechising ono of the classes of a Lanark Sunday school a few wcoks ago with regard to their know ledge of Bible history, and during tho ex amination ho asked tho question—'Whore was King Pharoah's army drowned ?' Tho boy who waa asked made no answer, and it had been put to several others witli a liko result, when a little fellow in tho middle of tho class put, up his hand. ' Well,'said the clergyman, ' you may answer. Where was tho great army of King Pharaoh drowned V 'In tho wntteiv answored the boy solemnly. That was tho last question of tho examination, 