POINTS. When the late Mr. Jordan was immigration agent many years ago ho sent out a lot of per sons who were known as " Jordan's lambs. "Will tho mow special agont's immigrants be oaiiett "Blaok sheep"? '8 p01"® ro annoying to tho residents of Roma street than a good cornet and a bnd player ? , "J,1® 'a Ohtswlok does dwell, - tE.u.2 K tllo,cornet lio strives to exoel s brigade®0 ' 8t" John'a Btreetiacourinr All the residents wish he were out on parade. Ktoeprefessor who lives in the book street would This fair lad a wrinkle of how ho should blow. S"ieir+t '''qwlng of cornet with zeal. And bestow all the eredit 011 his good friend— Seal, Tins oity fathers wero in a livoly mood at their meoting yosterduy. , , PsniiArs it would bo moro correct to eay that thoso aldermen whose terms of office aro about to oxpiro mode their presence felt. Tuebe woro a few ratepayers present ; thai was tho reueon why so muoh time was wasted.. Ald. Fbabeb and Clark had a warm quartet of an hour. The bonnio Scot was in the best of humour. Apteb attaoking John A. o. and aoousing the Yankeo aldermen of being swindlers he wound up by stating that ho meant nothing. . Geoboe "Watson has won a silver oradle during his ocoupanoy of the clioir. It 1b sovoral years since sucli a memento was handed over to a oity uldermnn. Hajd George been in tho chair last year lis would havo been tho recipient of suoh a gift. People out South Brisbano way still affirm that they can smell something. And that they must put down noses or- Bmells. It is reported that a "safe robbery" has' beon prevented. "What is it like ? The No. 2 South Phoenix has cleaned up at' nearly 3,000 ozs. Any moro like that ? Apteb last night thero must be more than a' tendonoy to storms. The storm held the- pavilion nt Breakfast Creek last night against all comers. Betteb luok noxt time. Next Monday will bo a boomer. Go and sec. Our land-grant agent should take with him specimens of soil. What u sliowcaso ho could set up. "Tins, gentlemen," ho would say, "is a piece of our best Thargomindah ; taste it." " Hebe is a spceimon of our moderate "Win ton ; and hero is a sample of Cloncurry." Pboeessob Owen, of anatomy fame, is dead. His great wooden birds in tho British Museum : aro his monument. , Ahebioa going to look her gates ngainst immigration for u year. Other countries will not follow suit. The Yank when ho goes abroad goes to spend money. Hark yc, an investment company has deolored a dividond. Good money too. Just liko snow in harvest. A Germ: an squadron in coming to Australia. Must ho prohibited from photographing our forts, ports, nnd sherries. Blowitz says that if tho rogues had not fallen out Panama scandals would never have . become known. Same old story. Renewed activity ia being displayed by the anarchists in Cadiz, Spain. Eight dynamite bombs have been discovered. Sort of Christmas boxeB. The committee appointed by the Monetary Conference informed tho couferonoe that it would be inexpedient to submit a sohemo em- ' bodying the proposals discussed. Hkiseupon tho American and several other ' delegates angrily attacked the British delegates for thoir opposition, whioh Bhows whose foot the silvor slipper pinohos. From tho evidence brought forward in i conneotlon with tho North Moath eleotion petition, it appeared that Bishop Nulty's Sastoral claimed to be divinoly inspired. It eolnred that it was impossible for tbe late Mr. Purnoll to have boon a Roman Catholio. If Father Nulty is going to raise ghosts and. bring them into political life he will bo aocusod of decoying porsons from their situations. Sir John Downer is down on Sir George Dibbs like a thousand of brioks. He says, " We have no work to do." South Australia is full. _ Only imagine, the puhlio siok of Treasury hills. "Well, they had a good dose ; no deny ing that. In America they have been using party 1 voting tiokets. These tiokets are issued by leaders of parties to voters, who just voto for tho lot at onoo.. This is called voting straight ; and the Supreme Court has just dooided that it is illegal. Every name must ho separately voted for. The world moves. An exohungo says, "Newport dinners aro better cooked, nnd made upof hotter material, and" ui-e better served, than tliey were in bygone days ; bat, sad to relate,, tlioy have deteriorated in respect to the wines.'' This must bo explained by the fact that the people have bccomo low churoh. The chief difference is always said to be' between " wine and wittlos." What ib tho game of tho Free Labour Sooiety of London in issuing that powerful manifesto ia which it dcolarcs that tho unemployed are solely tho result of the leaders of tho new unionism having reoklessly ordered strikos ? The Btrike is a natural weapon oven though itohiofly hits the striker. All America will bo moved by that meoting in Melbourno if thoy ovor hear of it. The folk engaged in " missing word " com petitions are being hunted up. 