CHAPTER X. A STRANGF DISCOVERY. THE news went out that the Count Conrad Damonoff must. die. A few days before, the best surgeon in Moscow said he would recover; but now that same surgeon said he must fall. A strange change had come over him; it was noi a fever, but rather a consuming of vitality. He was failing fast, and no art of medi cine could revive him. Some thought he must be bleeding inwardly, but others knew better than this, because in that case there would be some outward symp tom. The wound itself was healing, but the disease was not. The physician and the priest were now in daily, and the former in almost hourly, attendance. The surgeon was Kopani, and the priest was the hump backed Savotano! Thus lay the count upon his bed, weak and faint, but at present almost free from pain, and an old woman was his only attendant, the priest having just left. It was just after noon. The dying man had just taken a powerful stimulating draught, though it was against the in junctions of the priest, as he said that by such means the invalid might die bereft of sense, and thus lose his hold upon salvation-he had just taken this draught when there was a low rap upon the door. The woman arose to answer the sum mons. She conversed a few moments 'with the girl who had knocked, and when she returned to the bed she announced that Ruric Nevel wished to enter. "Let him come in," whispered the count. " But-" " Never mind," he interrupted, as the woman commenced thus to expostulate. " Let him come in. If he is my enemy let me see him. It may serve to arouse me." So the woman went to the door again, and soon afterwards Ruric Nevel en tered the apartment. He stepped lightly, noiselessly, to the bedside, but it was moments ere he could distinguish objects by the subdued light of the place. By and by, however, he overcame the diffi culty, and he started back in horror as he beheld the features of his adversary. How pale and sunken ! How deathlike and ghastly 1 The count noticed the movement and he noticed the look. "Conrad Damonoff," said the gun maker, in a low, solemn tone, " a few days since I heard tha*. you were recover ing, and I thanked God. But to-day they told me you were dying, and I have come to ask that I may take your hand ere you pass away from earth. As Qod is my Maker and my Judge, I would rather lie down here and die for. you than have you pass away with a curse of me upon your soul Or on your lips. Forgive me for what I have donej- and never again will I engage in such a wicked work. For my own life, it 'is my country's and my mother's, and I have no right to throw it away; and my antagonist's life is the sacred property of God, which I have no right to touch but in self- defence. Forgive me." Slowly and heavily moved the dying man over, and then he extended hk thin and'wasted hand. " Ruric," he said-and his voice was stronger now, for the potion was work ing-" I am glad you have come-very glad; for I have wished, above all dse of earth, to see you. I could not send for you, for I knew not how you might come. I have been all wrong in the things that have passed betwixt thee and me. I was mad, and a fool. I blame you not; but rather do I thank you for your kind ness through all this scene. I forgive you with all my heart; and now tell me that I am forgiven 1" .'Forgiven!" repeated Ruric, with a trembling lip, still holding the count's hand within both his own. " Oh, Would to God I could call you back ttif life I Forgiven! God,, who reads all hearts, knows how humble, how sacred Is my forgiveness to you! Could I call you back-could I wipe out the pasfjfrom my memory, I "could die content."" " Enough," returned, the -count warmly. "This was tny dearest® wish, though pride has kept back its' utterance. I feared you would gloat Over Tny ;death -that you would be glad when't was gone." \ " No, no-I should have been a monster then." " There are many such. And yet I wronged you by the thought But I could not help it." A moment more passed in silence, and then the invalid resumed : " There is one reason why I should like to live ; I should be prepared for a better life. Since death has come since I have known that he stood waiting by my bed-I have wondered at the evil life I have led ; and I have thought that if the dark king would let me remain here a fev years more I could be a better man. But 'tis too late now. The die is cast. Yet I have some joy in this. You have shed a happy light upon ray dying hour. God bless you." Ruric's feelings were easily moved, and there was something in the deep solemnity of this occasion that started his heart to a tender mood, and the last words of the dying man overflowed the cup. He bowed his head, and covering hiseyes with one hand, vhile he held in the other the hand of Conrad, he wept freely and silently. At this moment the woman arose and left the room. "She's gone," said the count, after he had recovered somewhat from the deep emotions which had been stirred within his soul. " Sit down here beside me." Ruric obeyed the request, and After he had seated himself he gazed sadly into the sick man's face." " Say, Ruric," the count asked, while an eager look overspread his face, " was't true what Kopani told me that you overcame Demetrius the Greek with the sword ?" " I did," the youth replied, in a whisper. " But you did not disarm him ?-you did not fairly take his sword from him ?" " I did, Conrad." " My soul, is it possible ? And where have you been all your life ?" " In Moscow and in Spain." " And yet obscure." " Never mind that now," interposed Ruric. "I have something of more interest Do you- But you will pardon me for what I may say, tor I assure you I mean it all for your good." " Speak on," said Conrad, at the same time running his eyes almost enviously over the gunmaker's nobly-developed breast and shoulders. " Then, first-I have just come from the lady Rosalind. Ah 1 I meant not-" " Go on. I may have felt a pang at the mention of that name, but I know she loves you, and were I strong at this moment as ever I'd relinquish all claims of her to you. So fear not." "Thank you, count, for this. But I was remarking: I am not long from her presence, and between us both we have suspected some dark things. Do you think the duke was really your friend ?" Tiie count started, and a strange gleam shot from his eyes. " Go on," he uttered. " Then listen : Before you ever came to my shop the duke had most solemnly promised Rosalind that she should re ceive no more trouble from you-that you would claim her hand no more." " Do you know this ?" "I do." , " But it cannot be. Why should he have sent me on that mission to you ?" " I had taught one of his officers the sword exercise, and he knew I was your superior in strength and the use of the weapon." « Well-go on," whispered the count, | nervously and anxiously. « Why-he thought very likely that we should not meet on such a question with out a quarrel. He knew your natural impetuosity and my strength of arm, and he hoped you-would fall." "But-goon t" " His estate is running out, and he wants the whole of Drotzen 1" "Ah! I see it now!" "The duke has proposed himself for Rosalind's hand," resumed Ruric. " He says he has loved her long, and he will force her to wed him if he can, though it break her heart 1" " Ha I" gasped the count, fairly start ins; up to a sitting posture. " How blind I have been ! By my soul, he never was cordial-never kind.' Ruric gently laid the sick man back, and then he said : . " From all I can see and understand,' the proud duke meant to get all your wealth and alt of Rosalind's." The count spoke not yet. He lay with his eyes closed, and groaned in the agony of the strange revelations that were breaking in upon him. But see? Why starts Rune so sud denly ?-and why does he turn so pale ? Why do his hands tremble?-and why is his brow bent so eagerly ? " What is it?" asked the count, startled by the strange event . " Hold !" whispered Rune, in a frantic tone. " You were recovering once ?' " From this wound ?" 1 Yes." "Yes. I was getting well fast, and the doctor said I should be stout and well in a month. But suddenly this change came on. Let's see-on Fnday morning I felt the first relapse. _ "The' very timet" gasped Rune to himselC . , . The oount moved his head forward, and would have caught his companion by the hand if he couli "For mercys sake, Ruric, what is it f" " As I came this way I saw a hump backed priest pass out from this house? said the gunmaker, interrogatively. "Yes, yes," returned the count, speak ing shortly and quickly. " It was 8avo tano. He has attended me. The duke recommended him. . "And was he here Thursday night r " Thursday ? Ah-yes-he watched with me that night" "And has he been m attendance since?" , . « Yes-every day. But why do you ask? Say-what is that meaning upon vour face? What Is it?" (To be continued.) « HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION." NOW, WHICH 18 THE WORST-TO HAVE M APPETITE FOR YOUR dinner^ or TO HAVE N? DINNER FOR YOUR AWBTITE? . There are lots of people on the one Bide or tM other of this question. When good waits on appetite and health on both, that is th< ideal altitude of a person towards his meals, But most of us are not blessed in that way ; w< either have to much food without an fPPC«'1®; or a vigorous appetite without enough to sat srj it. Dfferent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it l> tnai, within reasonable limits, it is better to have at appetite without a dinner, because, «h°rt ° the Starvation line, a hungry man is a health] man ; whereas a man who ought to eat anc doesn't fee! like eating, stands in need of altera lions and repairs." , To illustrate. We recently received a com muni cation in which the wnt« says, " I wu afraid to eat." Did he fancy his foot was poisoned, or did h« nature rebel «gams the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, "In the year 188J I changed m] work from railway witter to signidman. I to Men signalman twelve months, and then alia once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. M] mouth tasted bad, so that ordinanr articles o diet seemed to lose their flavour s the palate, t put it in that way, appeared to have nothing l< jay to them. One thing was alike yothy, ant none was good. My tongue wasroated andfurred with a dark line down the middle and a yellow fu round it. My breath was offensive and my np petite poor, with pains through the chest shoulders, which were always right before I hat eaten anything. Then I was ^really troublej with wind. 7t would gather so it felt Uke a b»l in my thioat and act as if it would choke me. We cannot wonder that under these circum Stances our friend failed to do justice to hi meals. He adds that there was what he call "a pricking sensation at his heart,_ as thougl it was touched with some sharp instrument Then, again, at tiroes he was attacked wit! spasms, Oie agony of which was so wvere tha the sweat rolled off him. I dreaded, n< says, "the thought of eating, and J SCANTY MEAL HAVE I MADE, FOR I WA. afraid to EAT. . T - "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as i something was going to happen, and thiscausec roc to lose a good deal of sleep. .What he means by the fear of Bometlunj coins to happen" is, of course, the fear of som< calamity, such as the loss of his position, to own death, or the death of somebody dear t( him. This was due, as he intimates, to tta impoverished state of his blor>d (the hfe bearer)i his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeeble* by lack of Nourishment. The night of this form of illness if always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned ln>?SJvf^0gr'eat difficulty," he says, "I stuck tc my work, for I had a wife and family dependinc on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of deS' cription. I am SURE no ONE HAS SUFFERIS so MUCH AS I HAVE PONE." In the latter statement he isundoujtedly wrong. One's own pain isone's own. and is always hardei to bear than is one's notion of his neighbours pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we doi« happen to como in touch of them. , Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case EXACTLY LIKE HIS OWN having been cured by Mother Soigol's Syrup. " My wife," he says, ?' got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaft's, in Woodles ford, and after using its contents the ailment left mc and has never returned since that fui tunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me.' I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) "GEORGE HUNT, "Car Bottom Road, " Apperley liridgc, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. THE BEST REMEDY FOR INDIGESTION,--NOR TON'S CAMOMILE PILLS are confidently Recom mended as a Simple Bemedy for Indigestion, which is the cause of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject. Norton's Fills with justice called the 44 Natural Strengthener of the Human Stomach," act as a powerful tonic and gentle aperient, are mild in their operation, and safe under any ciroumst&nocs.; Sola in bottle*, at Is l^d, 2s 9d, lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. FLORILTNB 1-FOB TEETH AND BBEATH.-A few drops of liquid 44 Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites, all impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stonsaocay,gives to the teeth a peouliar pearly whiteness,and adolightful fragrance to the breath it removes all unpleabant odour arising from de cayed teeth or tobacco smoke. 44 The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price, 2s 6d of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale de pot removed to 33, Farringdon Koad, London. ADVICK TO MOTHERS!-Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of outtiag teoth ? Qo at once to a ehemist and get a bottle of Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufforer immediately* It u perfectly hnrmless and pleasant to taste, it pro duces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the onild from pain, ana the little chorub wakes 44 ai ? bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens tli'e gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, i regalatoe the bowels,and is the best known remedy 1 for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow't Sooth ing Syrup, sold by modioine- dealera everywhere at la l^d per bottle. 