Real Ghost Stories. "REAL Ghost Stories" is the title of the Christmas number of the REVIEW OF RE- VIEWS. The following are few of Mr. Stead's collections : THE CLAIRVOYANT AND THE MURDERER. The idea of osmer, th« clairvoyant as u \- spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an un known minderer has always hean, u fascinat ing one. A Swedish doctor gives un account of u case m which everything: in tho vision tallied with the case afterwards got together against a particular'mari, who had a feud with the murdered man, hut who got off with a sort of " not proven " verdict : ' " Tho clairvoyant .was hypnotised in - my wife's presence and then ordered ' to look for the place where the murder had been: com mitted and see the whole scene, follow the murderer in his flight, and describa lum and bis home, and thu motive for the murder.' Miss Olsen then spoke as, follows,? in great agitation, sometimes using violent gestures.; I took notes of her exact words and.r.'rejjro duce t/i«uu here fully : v ' s" ' - : 'leis between two villages-J. see abroad .-in a wood-now. it is coming-the gun-| now he is coming ; ulong; driving-the horse »? :? .^L-'I..? is afraid of the stones-hold the.horse 1 hold I v.' .: . the horse ! now.t now he is killing linn-he | .' - .-'.;': .-. was kneeling when 'lie fired-blood ! blood I s . r -. '» . now ho is - ruuning in - tho wood- seize linn I he is running in au opposite direction to-the i horse in many circuits - not on any foot paths. He wears a cap and grey clothes - light - has long, coarse brown hair, which has not been cut for a long time-grey-blue eyes, treacherous looks-great dark-brown beard- he is accustomed to work on the land. I believe he has cut his right hand. He has a scar or a streak between his thumb and fore- finger. He is suspicious and a coward. S^J^-'ltff*'*- ."' The-jmurderer's home is a red . wooden ?}<rí^i*í¿'-Shou80, standing a little, way back from the ¿*^^íífáí;v';road.".i- Oii' the ground floor is a1 room.which, ^i^jjftife.' ""leads into .the kitchen,-^ and from ; that again ^^Sssl'^/iiito.the passage. There is also a larger room ^î^^ÂîiT.whioh' does-not communicate wi th the kitchen, (fü^fesijifí.-rf;The churchof ¡Wissefjeida is situated obb $B^.*s¿v.- quely to-your right when you ure standing in the passage. .fi|^^*!}-ti»f;?;'Hi8;inoUvo'1:wii8 enmity.j .it seems as if | ¥.¡^jñ^»*.!-.«,lio.hüa,iboughb:»oinething-taken something !T,LÄT^.:^. ;^a>-papery- He went: away from home at | »c^^;^^* daybreak,:-and the murder was committed m. the evening. ;???:.>hf^ ^.^vfc^^;whnt.Hhe.had been' seeing, winch had made ir -r voiy piofound impiossion on her'" ¡y^a^íipíi.vjEverything tallied, as it turned oiït; do wir jV^?.tí,'w¿v,toítho scai on tho hand , ^ , v ?für*!!*'®*£^í- ¿-«The '.clairvoyant.- had-¡ ne vor.seen,, tlio-miir-.i ^^^^Bdwre^in her yhfe;;and. knew nothing of the j circumstances. WARNED IN VAIN. "Supernatural" warnings are sometimes on trivial subjects ; sometimes, while serious, and even tragic, they seem powerless to avert the danger against which they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story which is full of the tragic fascination which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom he had revealed the vision. The story is brief as follows. "Mr. Fleet was third mate on the sailing ship Persian Empire, which left Adelaide for London in 1868. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with the rest of his watch to secure boat hanging in the davits over the side. He and another got into the boat, when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them both out of the boat into the sea, where they were both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon him that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and sailed. On. Christmas Eve, when they were nearing Cape Horn, Cleary had a repetition of his dream, exact in all its particulars. He ut- tered a terrible cry, and kept muttering, 'I know it will come true.' On Christmas Day, exactly as he had forseen, Cleary and the rest of the watch were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because he knew he would be drowned, that all the cir- cumstances of his dream had come true up to that moment, and if he went into that boat he would die. He was taken below to the captain, and his refusal to discharge duty was entered in the log. Then the chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at him, and exclaimed, 'I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream.' He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They got into the boat, and when they were all making tight a heavy sea struck the vessel with such force that the crew would have been washed overboard had they not clung to the mast. The boat was turned over, and Douglas and Cleary were flung into the sea. They swam for a little time and then went down. It was just three months after he had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide." A SISTER'S DREAM is another, sailor-story based on the subject ??'.-:-. of apparitions at the moment of death : <.r.;^?'.".' "A great gust of wind seized tho half \- slackened muiutop-sni), and sent it fluttering into fragmenta. At the same nlo'ment th shin nearly on her beam ends, and, above th howling of tho gale, we beard a sudden ur of despair. . I was horrified to see an apuren tico, J-P-, sent whirling.headlon; from the masthead into the sea.. Even yet.... can seo the look of agony stamped-on hi upturned face, and'I can hear the very tone of his heartrending cry, ; Oh I Lucy,: Lucy,' a he disappeared for ever - iu -tho darkues below. . 1 .. After tho'storm abated,'the captain mudé i careful note of tho exact.time of the occiirnnc tho position of the ship,. and the other put ticulara. Ho seemed struck-nt my tnentioi of the exclamation I had overheard fullinj from the poor fellow's lips IIB he clutched ii vain at tho yielding air.. . .. . ? Ah,' ho - said, ' that must have' been hi sister, Lucy-"V-, to'whom . he. was greatly attuclicd.' ' , '..The rest of tho voyage passed..' withou incident, and as : soon as the ship arrived,a Liverpool Lmade my. way«to.the^traiiivwhicl was to take me to1ManobeHWr.-«*>>á^wí.'.''-tv..' '.''.;..«' I!was^walking-illly.-'along.tho .phitforn when I) «nw the face of an ? old > gontleiuan .who, ¡with a young lady ion: his . arm, wa; elbowing, his way through ' the crowd. " His resemblanco to our lost,mato was so striking that I stood und looked ut him. The young lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mino. Instantly she guvo a .,violent start, ..uttered a low aareamVand exclaiming, ' Oh. look, there's tho face, of ' my dream 1' stared at nie as if fascinated.. ? Her. companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her, to the nearest waiting- room. ? As ho passed ho bpggfid me to como with them and handed mo his card. . . : " When we were, alone-tho old gentleman exp'ained that the- sight of ??.my fae« had re minded-- his daughter of u verypeculiar and unpleasant dream, to which, she still persisted in attaching importauce. ,-He said,i' At the present moment, indued, iwe are on .our way to discover if the owners- of my- son's ship .have.received any news of.-its arrival.' - -. " I said; ' I am an apprentice of the 0-, and ;have : hut latoly.,.left..- her , lying in the liai bor.' " Then,'.' tho young lady cried, ' I must be.right. ' It must bo right. * 'Twas that man's face I.saw gazing at him. ns ho fell. I saw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm, nnd'hiin clinging to the slippery shrouds. :. A bright:Hash seemed to- pass before my eyes, and : I suw.him. falling backwards into tho 'sen.- I-saw your. fuco; in* tim .momentary gleam,-und i woke perfoctly ? terrified to hear tho J sound .ot - my ; own name-' O : Luoy ! .Lucy 1'--whispered in iny oars." ; ? \" Tim expression oE-my. fuco miisVhave crniv . v'oyedi but too well.tho meaning of' my silcnoo' :-'? " ' My . God,' cried J Mr;--. 1 is it true) then 1 ' ls he dead V : . ,'M, ."Statumered'-VToo'i.truo,': sir. : .Yes I .every : word ofiit 1 .,1 was beside him ut tho .moment,' and even tried .to save, him.' . . L" " On comparing notos; wo found . that the dream took pIuCo the very day, allowing for ?tho - difference in i loiigitudn.r'-.evon ' the1 very hour when the nccidnntocccurred ?'.' . .?:'?" .-..: :v .AN EEniB STOrtVMiTtO.M^.TIIBÍSHETLANDS.':: THE next one:is repeated ia good faith' by tho' superstitious folk of tho romoto^Shetlunda : ./:?.' " One day in - , 1836, ia- fisherman ? of the name of Grey found .that - when returning from fishing his boat, stopped ..without any ap- ? parent causo.: lu vain-he strained- at the oars; it would not move, a foot. ?' Ho looked over tho prow, thinking he might have got on tangled in , soawced, but : tho .water was clear. Ho thought he might have struck on a hidden shoal, so rocked: the boat. Silo roekod freely, showing there was water under her kool. - :Grey then looked over his side, I.ándito his horror saw a man, whom he knew, had been dead for . six months, holding on to tho-, stern post. ,Thia . man was. ono with whom he- had some little quarrel, and Grey bosomjlit him to free the boat,, saying that hu hiulhoped that /.-death' would1' have cancelled till-enmity-.between them.... .Without replying -the-man still held on, and ..at'lust, in despair, Grey . took his axe and hacked off the stern.' post,-whon^ the . boat at onco shot forward. 'The..-man;-, however,, cried, out !that: Groy and die should meet again in six'weoks. Grey; in" ? great four,"hastened homo and told his family and friends of the occurrence. lu six weeks, at the oxnet time tho dead man hud named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed A son of Robert Grey, who saw the muti lated bout come in, was, aS any rate, keeping it sailors' boui'diiig-honso in Antwerp j but there aro many in tho Shetland Isles who well remember tho circumstance, und seeing tho boat with the stern post cut off." 