HARK TWAIN IN EUROPE. (SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE .) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. NO. II.—AT THE SHRINE OP ST. WAGNER. Bayreuth, August 2.—It was at Nuremberg that we struck the inundation of music-wad strangers tliat was rolling down upon Bayreuth. It had been long since we had seen such multitudes of excited and struggling people. It took a good half-hour to pack tliem and pair them into the train—and it was the longest train we have yet seen in Europe. Nuremberg had been witnessing this 6ort of experience a couple of times a day for about two weeks. It gives one an iminessive sense of the magnitude of this biennial pilgrimage. For & pilgrimage is what it is. The devotees come from the very ends of the earth to worship their prophet in his own Kaaba, in his own Mecca. If you are living in New York or San Francisco or Chicago or anywhere else in America, and you conclude, by the middle of May, that you would like to attend the Bayreuth opera two months and a half later, you must use the cable, and get about it immediately, or you will get no Beats, and you must cable for lodgings, too. Then if you are lucky you will get beats in the last row and lodgings in the fringe of the town. If you stop to write you will get nothing. There were plenty of people in Nuremberg when we passed through who had come on pilgrimage without first securing seats and lodgings. They had found neither in Bayreuth ; they had walked Bayreuth streets a while in sorrow, then gone to Nuremberg, and found neither beds nor standing-room, and had walked those quaint streets all night waiting for the hotels to open and empty their guests into the trains, and so make room for these, their defeated brethren and sisters in the faith. They had endured from thirty to forty hours' railroading on the Continent of Europe—with all which that implies of worry, fatigue, and financial Impoverishment—and all they had got and all they were to get for it was liandiness and accuracy in kicking themselves, acquired by practice in the back streets of the two towns when other people were in bed ; for back they must go over that unspeakable journey with their pious mission unfulfilled. These humiliated outcasts had the frowsy and unbrushed and apologetic look of wet cats, and their eyes were glazed with drowsiness, their Jjodies were adroop from crown to sole, and all kind-hearted people refrained from asking them if they had been to Bayreuth and failed to connect, as knowing they would lie. We reached here (Bayreuth) about midafternoon of a rainy Saturday. We were of the wise, and had secured lodgings and opera seats months in advance. Iam not a musical critic, and did not come here to write essays about the operas and deliver judgment upon their merits. The little children of Bayreuth could do that with a finer sympathy and a broader intelligence than I. I only care to bring four or five pilgrims to the operas, pilgrims able to appreciate them and enjoy them. What I might write about the performances to put in my odd time would be offered to the public as merely a cat's view of a King, and not of didactic value. Next day, which was Sunday, V7 we left for the opera-house—that is to say, the Wagner temple—a little after the middle of the afternoon. The great building stands all by itself, grand and lovely," on high ground outside the town. We were warned that if we arrived after 4 o'clock we should be obliged to pay two dollars and a half apiece extra by way of fine. "We saved that; and it may be remarked here that this is the only opportunity Europe^ offers of saving money. There was a big crowd in the grounds about the : building, and the ladies' dresses took the Bun with fine effect. I do not mean to Intimate for that that was the not ladies so. The were dresses in full dress, were pretty, but neither sex was in evening ! dress. The interior of the building j is . simple — severely so ; but there is no occasion for colour and decoration, since the people sit in the dark. The auditorium has the shape of a keystone, with the stage at the narrow end. There is an aisle on each side, but 110 aisle in the body of the house. Each row of seats extends in an unbroken curve from one side of the house to the other. There are seven entrance doors on each side of the theatre and four at the butt end—eighteen doors to admit and emit 1,650 persons. The number of the particular door by which you are to enter the house or leave it is printed on your ticket, and you can use no door but that one. Thus crowding and confusion are impossible. Not so many as a hundred people use any one door. This is better than having the usual (and useless) elaborate fireproof arrangements. It is the model theatre of the world. It can be emptied while the secondhand of a watch makes its circuit. It would be entirely safe even if it were built of lucifer matches. „ If your seat is near the centre of a row and you enter late, you must work your way along a rank of about twenty-five ladies and gentlemen to get to it. Yet this causes no trouble, for everybody stands up until all the seats are full, and ,, . , , . ' the falling IS accomplished in a veiy few minutes. Then all sit down, and you bare a solid mass of 1,500 heads making a steep cellar-door slant from tlie rear of tlie house down to the stage. All the lights were turned low, so low that the congregation sat in a deep and solemn gloom. The funereal rustling of dresses and the low buzz of conversation J>egan to die swiftly down, and presently not the ghost of a sound was left. Tins profound and increasingly impressive stillness continued yet during some time— the best preparation for music, spectacle, or speech conceivable. I should think cur show people would have invented or imported that simple and impressive device for securing and solidifying the attention of an audience long ago ; instead of which they continue to this day to open a performance against a deadly competition in the form of noise, confusion, and a scattered interest. Finally, out of darkness, and distance and mystery soft rich notes rose upon the stillness, and from his grave the dead magician began to weave his spells about his disciples, and steep their souls in his enchantments. There was something strangely impressive in the fancy which kept intruding itself that the composer was conscious in his grave of what was going on here, and that these divine sounds were the clothing of thoughts •which were at this moment passing through his brain, iiot recognised, and familiar ones which had issued from it at some former time. The entire overture, long as it was, was played to a dark house with the curtain down. It was exquisite, it was delicious. But straightway thereafter, of course, came the singing, and it does seem to me that nothing can make a Wagner opera absolutely perfect and satisfactory to the untutored but to leave out the vocal parts. I wish I could see a "Wagner opera done En pantomime once. Then one would have the lovely orchestration unvexed to listen to and bathe his spirit in, and the bewilderingly beautiful* scenery to intoxicate his eye3 with, and the clumb acting could'nt mar these treasures, because there isn't often anything in the Wagner opera that One would call by such a violent name ps acting. As a role all you would see tvould be a couple of silent people, one of them standing still, the other catching flies. Of course I do not really mean that lie would be catcnir.5 flies, I only mean Uiat the usual operatic gesture, which conaist in reaching first one baud out into the air and then the other, might suggest the sport I speak of if the operator attended strictly to business and uttered no sound. This present opera was " Parsifal." Mine. Wagner does not permit its representation anywhere but in Bayreuth. The first act of the three occupied two hours, and I enjoyed that in spite of the singing. I trust that I know as well as anybody that singing is one of the most entrancing and bewitching and moving and eloquent of all the vehicles invented by man for the conveying of feeling ; but it seems to me that a chief virtue in song is melody, air, tune, rhythm, or what you please to call it, and that when this feature is absent what remains is a picture with the colour left out. I was not able to detect in the vocal parts of " Parsifal" anything that might with confidence be called rhythm, or tune, or melody. One person performed at a time—and a long time, too —often in A noble and always in a high priced voice ; but he only pulled out long notes, then some short ones, then another long one, then a sharp, quick, peremptory bark or two—and so on and so on ; and when he was douc you saw that the information which he had con veyed had not compensated for the disturbance. Not always, but pretty often. If two of them would but put in a duet occasionally and blend the voices ; but 110, they don't do that. The great master, who knew so well how to make a hundred instruments rejoice in unison and pour out their souls in mingled and melodious tides of delicious sound, deals only in barren solos when he puts in the vocal parts. It may be that he was deep, and only added the singing to his operas for the sake of the contrast it nculd make with the music. Singing ! It does seem the wrong name to apply to it. Strictly described, it is a practising of difficult and unpleasant intervals, mainly. An ignorant person gets tiied of listening to gymnastic intervals in the long run, no matter how pleasant they maf be. ' In TIII 4.1 • . • \ Parsifal" thorn there is hermit named a Gurnemanz who stands 011 the stage in the one spot and practises by the hour, while first one and then another character of the cast endures what he can of it. and retires to die. During the evening there was an intermission of three-quarters of an hour after the first act, and one an hour long after the second. In both instances the theatre was totally emptied. People who had previously engaged tables in the one sole eating-house were able to put in their time very satisfactorily, the other thousand went hungry. The opera was concluded at 10 in the evening or a little later. When we reached home we had been gone more than seven hours. Seven hours at §5 a ticket is almost too much for the money. While browsing about the front yard among the crowd between the acts I encountered twelve or fifteen friends fromdifferentparts of America, and thoseof them who were most familiar with Wagner said that "Parsifal" seldom pleased at first, but that after one had heard it several times it was almost sure to become the favourite. It seemed impossible, but it was true, for the statement came from people whose word was not to be doubted. And I gathered some further information. On the ground I found part of a ( German musical magazine, and in it a letter ; written by Uhlic thirty-three years ago, I which he defends the scorned and j abused Wagner against people like me, who found fault with the comprehensive absence of what our kind regards as singing. Uhlic says Wagner despised " jene plapperude musik," and therefore "runs, trills, and schnorkel are discarded by him." I don't know what a schnorkel is, but now that I know it has been left out of these operas I never have missed anything so much in my life, And Uhlic < ' " ,, " , •* , : , j further says that Wagner's song is true : song; that it is simply emphasized | it—in intoned " speech."' Parsifal" That and some certainly of" the describes other operas, and, if I understand Uhlic's elaborate German he apologizes for the beautiful airs in 111 "Tannhauser.' Tannlia.is«." Very well; now that Wagner and I understand each other perhaps we shall get along better and I shall stop calling him Waggner, on the American plan, and hereafter call him Voggner, as per German custom, for I feel entirely friendly now. The minute we get reconciled to a person how willing we are to throw aside little needless punctilios and pronounce his name right ! Of course I came home wondering why people should come from all the corners of America to hear these operas when we have lately had a season or two of them in New York with these same singers in the several parts and possibly this same orchestra. I resolved to think that out at all hazards. (2V> he continued.) WEEKLY CALENDAR. FEBRUARY' 14—20. Days of the Sun. Moon. Add to Dial Fr. MTI, Wk. Rises. Sets. Rises. Sets. Time. a.m. p.m. p.m. a.m. m. s. 45 14 SO. 5 35 G S4 S 4 0 27 14 23 46 lb M. 5 36 6 53 S 29 • 7 25 14 21 47 lti Tu. 5 37 6 52 8 53 8 «« 14 18 4H IV W. 5 38 6 51 9 17 9 17 14 14 49 18 Th. 5 39 6 50 9 42 10 13 14 10 BO 19 F. 5 10 6 49 10 9 11 9 14 S b 1 20 S. S 41 C 48 10 39 p.m. 13 59 , „ J ASTRONOMICAL PHENOMENA. ! The Moon does not enter upon a new phase'this wee t ! the Full Moon having occurred February 13 on Febrnary 2L ^Men^^Sai^® Venus sets Febrnary 14, at 8h. 29m. p.m.; February 17, at 8h. 26m. p.m.; February 20, at Sh. 22m. p.m. Mars rises Febrnary 14, at Oh. 3m. a.m.; February 17, at llh. 5Sm. p.m.; February 20, atllh. 54m. p.m. Jupiter sets February 14, at 8h. 10m. p.m.; February 17, at 7h. 59m. p.ia.; February 20, at7h. 49m. p.m. Saturn rises February 14, at Bh. 29m. p.m.; February 17, at Sli. 17m. p.m.; February 20, at 8h. 6m. p.m. AN UNWAEEANTED LIBEETT. — English Duke (to American wife, who has perched herself on his knee). "My first wife never took this liberty, and she waa a Percy!"—Harper. DINAH'S PHATEB.—Dinah is fond of good living, but, strange to say, has an intense dislike for clams, and did not hesitate to make this fact known when called upon to ask a blessing. Dinah said, "O Lord, bress all dese good vittles—all 'cept dem clams—you don't get any of dem inter me! Amen." I . 1 . • j ! j 