MORE PSYCHICAL WONDERS. The Bev. Minot Savage, in the Arena for September, gives us bis second instalment of well-authenticated oases illustrating the mysterious powers of psyohometrists, clair voyants, mediums, and other gifted persons. Most of his anecdotes are taken from his seances with Mrs. Piper, a lady ^ho, to put it roughly, knocked the bottom ^ut of the scepticism of the Peyohioal Beseaiph Society. When Mr. Savage first saw | her, she immediately described the epint of his father, and said that his father told her that they called Kr. Savage 'Judson,' which was a habit bisiather had during his son's youth, whioh he, however, discontinued 15 years before bis death. She also said that he had a peculiar bate spot on his head on the right-hand side. . [The bald -spot was the result of a burn which had oo curred before Minot Savage was^born. He gives several other oases like that. Mr. Savage then tells a somewhat exiiaordinary story of alittte gitl of 12, the spiniof whoso grandfather watched over her, saving her from all fear of being in the dark. Ca another occasion she saw' and minutely, described to her father a young lady whom he- hid been in love with before he fell- an love with her mother, and gave information which was cer tainly not known to her. A USEFUL GHOST. Mr. Savage brings his paper to a close by telling an interesting story; of the way in which a olergvman in one of the aeyr England States suddenly- experienced a very strange and powerful nervous shook, as if aa electrical current had been applied to the base of his'. brain and passed down his whole ; body to his feet. Immediately he saw the fatis and form of- a gentleman who was a stranger .tp him, but who bore some sort of a resemblance to his friend who sat near. He also saw; his name and then he heard, although not by his ears, the following message : — 'Tell my brother that a piece of property which I once owned aud which by death fell to my-heirs, and is'now owned by -toy brother, is in danger of being lost to 'him. He must. look after, it at onoe or it will pass tout of his hands.' - - '? ' Mr. B. at once replied, however : 'It is not possible that this can be true. I have all my tax bills on the various properties which I own in Nebraska. It is a mistake.' A few days later, Mr. L.,, tha- psyobic, sailed for a vacation trip toJSurope, He was absent several months. Oh his return he met Mr. B. one day, and he said : 'Oil, about that matter in Nebraska - I looked over my papers soon after you went away, and found that one of my tax bills on a certain piece of property was missing. I ?felt sure -that Ihadieceived it. Bat I found that I had been- mistaken. I at onoe wrote to my agentr (in Nebraska), and* .requested him to send' the tax bill to me. ; Tbe agent wrote that, through bis own oversight, the leases had been allowed to pay the[tas on the property, and had taken as security what is called a tax lien. The payment of these taxes, and, the taking of. such liens for a certain length of time will, in the end, entitle. the lessee to a -warrantee deed of the property.' Me. Savage oovoludes by- saying :— 'The , story ia authenticated in suoh a witjj as would make it good evidence in the hands of any judge, or before any-jury in Christendom.' CAN GHOSTS BE^HOTOGEAJKHHD ? Prof. Elliot Coues in tbe CaZrfornian for September has a ropiausl? illustrated paper in which be discusses tbe question 'Can Ghosts be Photographed?' He does not answer, the question either way.- - What he does bring out Is the- ease -with which fictitious ghostly photographs can be produced. The literature on Ghost photography is very volurninone; but up to the present no conclusive ^result has been arrived at : — No one magazinp article «an more1 than touch upon a/tifche of what has been - written. Bat it -is all jjretty mach alike— a mass of minuto descriptions of scenes, inoi- - dents, proeesaea, results, precautions against trickery, affidavits of -witnesses, j&nd; perfect relianceon the genuineness of the phenomena, en -tbe one hand; of the proof of im posture in many: oases, aadTthe picking to pieces of all the evidence -In the reso of uaecasea, on the other hand; pf decUratwris and denials, of olaims and oonnferclaims^ of explanations .that* ^exprain no thin?, and: of theories that count for nothing. 3Jf the time one has waded through it^all, as I have,; he mayeeem to himself '-to has© chafed an ignis fiUuus in theaiigbt of. his own ignorance, and -perhaps oobcluda, not; that «i phantom, can be photqgra#ied, but that epmt photography is A JAHATCA GHOST BTOBr. Tbe Victorian {Quarterly far - Jclf , published in- Jamaica, contains an actiote-hy E. P-r. MacLanghlui on 'Second Sight.11 which tells.' &» . story of ' an -apparition at the moment of death. The- *rifat-: when 8 or 9 years of age, about' a quarter to 2 in *he afterfioon, was playing with his brother, when suddenly lifting my head I eawapproadHngusfrom tl eweat along the private; path an old man whose counte nance, naturally -florid, was nofr evidently paler than was its wont. He wore white whiskers and beard, tee latter shorn away . ftom .tbetahin, bntrleavisg a- deep ?? fringe under tbe throat, and .his face, was otherwise clean , shaven. He was. dressed in tehite duck trousers, and a shirt made from da 100, printed with alternate plain and figured; stripes once of a violet hue,- but now pale ftoii washing ; both articles of. dress evidently oat put on. The absence of other garments w*^ s&t; an un common ciroumstanoB in a seaside jriflage suoh as oura was, but I cannot now difitincdy re member- whether 'he- wore boots,! or hat, : or both. He was a perfect strap ^r to me, and walked leisurely by, witi nothing . unnatural aboat him, exo^-tti)at i is gaze was fixed intently before, and that 1 9 took no notice whatever of me or my ?ompanions though he was only a few yards-awj y. His playmate saw nondn?,' anii when he told his. father he eaid, ' lam sure that Mr. W. most be dead,' mentioning the bame of an elderly^eutlenmnaametenuules'a'vay. Some time afterwards a borse_galkiped o -, and the rider said that old Mr. W. had diedjthat after noon. -Fwo weeks afterwards' the! son of the deceased Called upon -bis 'father, aid the boy was called in to tell whtrt he liadseli: — ' It is moeteingulftr,' said the viktor, when my story was ended, 'bat ever] detail is perfect. On that morning my lather ap peared -so 'much-better that some' of the family Believed -the change to be pernanent; I thongh differently, and when he a iked to be shaved and dressed in order to -get up, I put him off till one o'clock; but as he-] ersisted X' at last yielded. After I had shaved him exactly as the ?child describes, hf had his whole 'wardrobe produced before heoould be' satisfied, and at last he selected andjdesired us to drees him in a white- duck trbtjsers and a colored shirt, printed with alternate [plain and figured stripes, violet colored, but 'somewhat faded from, washing. When these had been pntonhe-sat-up fora-while, and then said, 'I am very fred, 1st _me lie down.' We adjusted the piuows and laid him down, and jwithin five . minutesafter be breathed his last.'': ' And- the hour,' asked my father, 'what was the exact time of death 1' ' Seventeen minutes to two o'olock,' was the reply. 'A difference of' two minutes,'' my father remarked. ____________ 