The story r-»' I* 'r; | THE MYSTERY OF FEHVLEIGH. I llv ri:iic\ Comyn*. FcWi many a yr.n1 lm« oomc und roup *11100 j that brlqht spring morning wlun, Kcato*! i nt my solitary breakfast tublo, scanning tlio Ad- I vcrtisemcnt sluvt of my 11 IVaily,' my eve | lighted upon *h* following : -Mfilouoe*l^*Uire. — To 1/et, a Country Hou«o, situated in tin* midst of lovely fccr-nory.' Av., Av. Pown wmu the paper with my mental ox clnmaliou— ' .lust tho r«T|/ thing -ju%t what 1 have bi'on so long in search of.' Scrambling tliroiuh my jncul— within half an hour I hud piiinrd und ported ft missive to the house agent whose name appeared fll f-H-t of tlie advertisement, with l !-r» ft^ult that, indue , course, I received from him full particular* of the residence advertised. So (satisfactory wi re they that I resolved to run down and make perMmnl inspection, which, forthwith, I did. Lot mc here frankly avow that I ain in yiuin old-fashioned, und that railways and evervthinjj pertaining thereto are my pot abhorrence ; nevei'theles?-, like kindled spirits 1 fail not to avail invself ot thi1 fueil:tie# thoy ulTord for visiting'di^tiint places, whenewr occasion re quires NVhv should I not ? Surely I aui en titled to an occasional set-otT against the many annoyances they inflict upon me. The line pa^Vd through wvy lovely sieniTy. which more and move improved a* nearer we drew to my dc*iination — culminating in ine | most enchanting scenes from the moment 1 left ; the station for my four miles' drive into the very heart of the dt-rp. richly wooded valleys. A* we proceeded, the hilU beanie more swell ing in their contoui —the extensive Inwh and larch woods a-«umel. ?o I thought, garb of , neater beautv. and the wildly-luxuriant hedge row#. mo«4-y' fton* wall-, and lichen-clothed fruit trees. gave a pveuliaiJy old-world aspect ; ♦ « «i,., lii ivli i.-li nio-t thorouvhlv accorded with my rivlnse. quiet-Iowng disposi tion. Nor did a iu-.:' r a-'^uaintanee with my future home in am ww- tend to le-^en th» pleasure I exp'vi«'n'.vd in ihe eoiuemplati^n ot -o lowlv and peaceful a «.pot. A -in-le plane* ftiilliced'to rts-sure lie- th.it ;»r.- I had found what 1 had so long been seeking — a iKuutifullv Mtuated home— a writable earthly paradise — one far rem- ived trosu the tumult and turmoil of the work-a-diiy world. Carefully 1 went over everv room. ail in excellent condition and de lightfully eos\\. Cheerful, too. with a single j exception. Thi- wa- the bath room, which | was evidently a purr ion of the residence that I had been added to the main building some time 1 tub^eijuent to erection of latter, and. although entered from tiie hyu-e. gave one the idea of entire isolation. It was indeed, not a tritle gloomy, b-iiig on the s-hadv side of tiie hou-e. and the light Heine intercepted by a splendid specimen o: the cypn-s which giew tlos^ to the win low. As I entered this ^niali apartment I i»ca:n»- i-mrsoious oi a peculiarly unpleasant -?n-.i*i'»n -wliai it I could not po-sihly d^tini- -:i -;m- ring. .-pp»--.-i\\- feeling which sudd-nly mn«id-d my wImU- bring. In stinctively I ilivw li.ir'i. I boa^t oi my being free from siipc-r-tit:oi'i. and trit a-haiued to ad mit, even to mys- elf. that I experienced any thing like K-ar : -^»iuickly .nvn.ouiin^ mv ir rational iim:d!:%, I a:*ii) ;nlva:wi. and tii;t'»v wide the window to a huit eii'.ei ail. I, how. ever, expedience 1 a -? of int lvlief when I once ?nor«.* tounil juy-t-lt witliout the dark- 1 fome little fhiiiil^i. wiieicUy lun^i- my j:ru-- : some tale. Not to be wvari-oine. 1 took what furniture was in the houw at a valuation, and all things- I having been duiy prepared, but few weeks j elapsed before I became tenant of ' l-'ern- i leish.' Ah. mv rir-t morning there, delight- ; some indeed was it: howl ravelled in its charm?. Jli-iiu* liftiines I threw wide the lat ticed ^viud-'W, iij;d looking forth, gathered a rich harvct of ^I-jriou-* vit-w^. grateful o«lourf« from ten liiOM-an-l Uuw^rets, and the richest bird harmony that - '-«t s-aluted murtal ear. i Loth wa£ 1 f- withdraw, but. «juickiy attired. 1 descended to realize the full enjoyment of the many delight- of niv beautifully -ituaied trar- ; den. The un*:vpcc.-rd apparitiun o£ a uian at 1 work therein v.-ry unp!e.i.-antlv lor tiie moment, broke in up-jn tfii- tranquility : the sound of hi- \oice bein? lu ieiy out of harmony with my i feeling: ne'»crihele?--. tnd«a\orinff to suppress any exhibition ot th^ irrit-ition I could not h*-lp teelin?. I civilly tetumed lii«» cheery salutation. In an=werto my look, he .-aid, 'I'm (:!''arin^' up. pb-a-e -ir; having one or two small job? to complete. Mr?. Can thought I had better be about em wlitn you came so that I mii/ht a chance of bein^ employed, should you watit h man.' 'And you ate Mr». ? ? 'Yes. sir I'm Marlowe, Mi*. CariV gar dener.' ?' Been Ion? in h»-r *erviee?' 'Off and on. sir, ever since I was burn; leastways, my tuih^r was coachman and gar dener afore then, and since the old L'^ntleman died— now jifu.cn years H^une--/'-v bw;n gar dener inatead to her -n»-f iheCaptin.'' ' And you have, I .-uppose, charge of that empty hour-e,' 1 enquin-d, indicating with a nod a cottage emboweled in ro-ses, clematis -, ja&niine; and ivv, just a- were the walls of I *' I-evnleigh.' This wan -ituated at but a (♦?w ! yard? from the latter, and the entrance, indeed. ; I now diwjovered, was actually through my i garden. How was it that I hud failed to notice so anomalous an arrangement upon tn\ vinit of infection ?' 'Oh dear, no. -ir, I hasn't, ' he hastily re plied; 'tlut'n the Captin'.-, that i?-. I live rit/hi away down there. uni^U five minutes walk from here.1' ' Captain'- — what Captain'-:1.'' I exclaimed in amazement. ' I waa under the impression that it was unoccupied, indeed, w-as informed that puch was the ea-e.' ' Unoccvjiied, sir, yu», but not empty; full enough— chock full, and of things worth hav ingtoo; but there's* no one to enjoy the use of 'em, unless its the mice and the spidei-: and thin^sthat's t/ot the run of the place.' 'iiut there's Hnok* coinint; out of the ^rcen hou»c chimney- how's that.' Somebody at tends to the liir.' '♦Jest *jo, sir. and that'.- me. It'.-, put o' my dooty to keep lb-n in oider. not the hou^e ; enu wnen you nave reen u. sir, i iiujik you u say 'f»V iu ord--r too, and I'll buck it against any other Kreenhou-e in ihe kingdom, tliat'h what I'll do— large of small.'' '? What do you mean ? 'Tis tiot tny place, nor have I any right to enter it.' ' Oh, yes, \cu-e nie sir, that's ju-t what you how, find that there's the key you've not in ygur hand there —that long un.' 1 was carrying in my hand a bunch ol hou*c, f-table, etc., k-«y-, and now wt-pmated from its fellows that indicated by Marlowe, l'ull of mu - Ijrise, and intiniHtin^ my wilJin^ne.-s to follow ! lini, lie 1«mI the wii) to the extensive range of, greenhouses, for it wa-» evidently more than, one. The single vooi wo.s u Jean-to, and pro- j jecled from tin.- wall of living lock wJijch i formed so very characteristic a feature of the | Hcencry of this part of the country. As Mar- j lowc opened the door a delicious whilf of hot house odours saluted my ollaclory nerves, and with alacrity I stepped into the building It was in truth iu perfect order, mil u r.i-n of dixeaso or neglnct ; not a leal, not a tendril in linywisn Jaded ; yol 'twas a perleet tangle of cliinbitis, Tachonins, J.upiigtirja^, il'-y-i.., .Ve., beside a Jiundri'd smaller eliinbin^ plaiil^. many perfectly new to mc, und in the still, genial atmosphere their growth was rampmil. This was house No. 1, separated from No. U hv u glass door. J entered thin second lo find as j tropical u scene us I ever Ckpeci to find outride j the tropics themselves, it being filled with | jialnis und kindred Kpecimuns, all as wildly luxuriant as were those in the first house, anu au bkilfully arranged, not a tub—not u pot visible. Another glass door led into a third and lust compartment, which was oppressively hot, being stocked with stove ferns, mosses and Hclagincllas, which so flourished thai it wub diflicuU to make one's way beneath (he graceful, feathery fronds which the tree ferns spread ub a charming green canopy overhead. Kulaginellus and J^oopodiuuiB contending for pre-eminence over the pathwuvB and rockwork, lybilfct a perennial spring whicji i^Utnl irow tliO ! ook near ilw roof, encouraced a marvellous developmont of marchantia, that coaled the surfacc with onicnildine plntefi inches in dift ' motor. % I-or awhile ! was duinlt. I broke the Mlcncw with tho observation. ?? And all this lavish bnauty is kept up for — ' Marlowo notcil my hesitation, and supplied what was wanting to complete the fcentonw. 4f For no one in particular— no» not for no one any longer now you've come it will he for ytwr pleasure, sir.' ?? No, certainly not for mine. / lmve no right to it. I have taken ? IVvntoitjh/ next thin place.'' He for some few moments regarded me with a vnrv puzzled expression licfore he said, speaking more to himself than to me. ?? Queer that, uncommon queer. S,uii,-h-utt/* been making a great big mes« of it, that's plain then added, addressing hiiusolf to me, 'didn't Mr. Collvns tell you anything. »ir?M 'He told me nothing— indeed. 1 have not seen him since our first meeting: hiving been ill, he has Ihhmi ordered to the seaside for a few » weeks.' ?? There it is. you sec— just so. Course his son. beinvr a bit of a boy, didn't lik« to say no thing— left it till his fAther conies hack. Hut he g\ve you the keys ' He gave ine these,' I retttrneil. » .lu^t so, sir. aud he wouldn't a tfiven em if he hadn't Vpectcd yon to use Vm ; and the Mis«es wouldn't a taken you for ;i tenant if vonr references hadn't a been -» -'f s:\tisf;ic iorv. That there big un is the key ot tbe front door -that little un belongs to the front gale.' Hut my curiosity was fairly arousal : a'l this did not satisfy ine. ' Now tett m+' I said. ?? to what tlo voui re fer when you ask mo if I have been told any thing -anything about what ?' ' About Fernleiph !' 'What about it-— drains bad. or what?' O dear, no — what people say ahout it.' ?? Well, and what -/«» they say— haunted, per haps?' He nodded acquiescently. 'That will not tioulde me, Marlowe.' I hiuhinglv rtmarked, ' I have no fear of ghost«. But in what way il sni.l t- l-e haunted ? What eights or sound# ever terri fied the inmates ?' ?? Neyther one nor t'other, so far a^ I know, sir: only they do say that no man ever Mops in that house alone, and come* out a^ain eept as a dea l man.' ' Ah, well, Marlowe, I certainly expect to be | left occasionally alone in it. and you will soon -ep the absurdity of the notion.' J There was pity both in look and lone as he rejoined. | 'For vour --ake, feir, I hope uot. Don't run no risk. Vii. please— four's enough, don't make the fifth.' I smiled, and just then tho brcaktat Wil ranj». Inwardly resolving that after what I had learned I would no longer hesitate to make u-e of my opportur.ity. and art angina to meet Marlowe' two hours' later, I returned to tho hou?e. Quickly was breakfast despatched, and burninj with curiosity, I proceeded to insert the key into the lock of ' PalmcroveV 1 door. As tbe* latter slowly turned on its ru^ty hinges, my nasal organs were mailed by that peiuliarly | dank. « a'thlv -mell so perceptible in all lonu' uninhabited houses, and I entered the hall with something of a shiver— so chill it -eomed in coniparit^n with the balmy outside atmos phere. Too much struck, however, was I wito surprise to give particular attentiou to this tian-ient feeling, for I suddenlv found myself in a veritable museum of curiosi'ies. The walls of the hall, which was lath lofty and -paeious. were literally covered with curiously-shaped j implements, most artistically arranged, with | ^kull^ and horn.- of animals from every quarter ofthegiobe: spears, clubs, tomahawks from, Paeitic Islands, hung side by side witn inlaid j «word?. spears, and kris?es from the East, the , whole forming as neatly arranged a collection i as it had ever been my good fortune to look upon, notwithstanding the thick layer of dust j and f#»s:oT.s of cobwebs. After satiating my ! eyes upon the=e wonders. I turned the handle J of a door on my right. The apartment had ! been u*ed as a dining-room, and although not richly, was most comfortably — not to say luxuriously— furnished. This, howe\er, scarcely for a moment engaged my attention, far too srreatlv interested was I in the examination of sundry du=t-covered Oriental ornaments and figure- with which the room was decorated, tht.-e object- being disposed with the '-une re gard to artistic effect as were those in the hall, and very rcluetantly I turned my back upon them. Mv n«--\t vi.-it wa- what had evidenilvbe'-n ? i.. 1-...,.:..,. - ? if \^rny,. T I.j-1 U ? ? witli wii.a I iud se n. I was now faiily tn chanteil— for ihf apartment was not only re plete with articles of cba-t^et workmanship, but was literally overlaid with Eastern orna ment-, all tastefully arranged under glass shades — regard being had, not merely to suit ability of size, and so forth, but also to har mony and colour. I«ichlv-carved sandal-wood from India— ivory carvings from China— Bur- mese ware, jade and crystal ornaments— agate and chalcedony bowls. Never before had I seen so unique and beautiful a collection — and stood awhile lo-t in admiration and surprise. Stand ing immediately in front of the large bay win dow wan an exquiaiiely'carved cabinet of some light- colored wood. To this J now turned my special attention. To my great surprise it was unlocked, and threw back the doors to reveal a series of about thirty drawers— the fronts of each being elal-orately carved. I ventured to open one, and lo ! with anexclamationof dedightwas in an instant upon my knees to obtain a better view of the content-. They were mostly neck laces from all parts of the world — shell and sharks' teeth necklets from South Sea Islands, agate from China and India, coral from Naples, amber from Prussia and Sweden, Arc. I closed it, and opened the next in order. Curious seeds! perfectly new to me. The next below, and next, shells of richest hues, spondyluses, pectens, and all those most famous for beauty, of which my eye tired not. In descending se quence I drew forth sundry other drawers. What have wc here '! Drawer upon drawer of polished specimens of jusper*, agates, chalce donies and Mocha- stones, N it u poor speci men amongst them. Surely the owner of such a collection mu-.t have had uncommon facilities for making il, and considerable means, too, to enable him to purchase the individual speci mens. How I longed to take them to the light, but repre-ftcd my desire, and mo.it religiously | kept my linger*, touching for fear of an acci- i dent. So absorbed wah I in the inh|-ection of I j thev; many beautiful objects that I entirely lost ! sight of the very peculiar circumstances which i had introduced me into the house of un entire strunger. But suddenly it occurred to ine tbat I many would question tlie morality of my pro- I eeeding. 'What,'' I asked myself 'what I would he my feeling should the owner nf all ! these valuables suddenly appear upon the I scene, and find ine in his hou»-, not simply I viewing the several objects, but actually over- ' hauling them?'' I closed the cabinet und1 starling to my fe*.-t resolutely turned my fuee doorward. Once without I encountered Mar- . lowc, who wa.i patiently uwaiting my reappear ance. I accosted bim with the words— ' Bewildered— absolutely bewildered. Il sur- i pu!»Hc* my belief that anyone should huvc such a collection of \u1uablc* uncared for. That ' there is some remarkable history connected j with thi' place J feel confident, and yon, tny i good fellow, fnu-i tell no- all about it.' AIj ' it V a *ad business altogether, fir, a very had. business I could see plainly that the man w;j_- moved by some painful leeolleetion-;. The nHan- : ehol.v shake ol the head which accompanied bis words Mil) further aioused my ciiriusity. ) bald, coaxingly ' Now, look here, you mutt at once tell me all you know— I'm most curious to know every thing.' ' That I'll never do,' he returned decidedly, ' the most I'll do iM tell you no much as con* eeniK Kir, and I'm not sure that I'm right in doing tbat much e\en. It's tlie agenl'u business, not mine, and Mrs. Carr mightn't ap prove of my tiling you.' 'But, inan alive ! every word you utter only makcH mo more anxious to know,' I rejoined onoouru^ingly, «4 I'll be responsible for all eon tioquences, mid. of course, 1 huvc no desire to pry into anything that does uot concern mo, but you mutt see that ob I um to live here I au I entitled to fcaow micthimj—iVs only rlgjit.' 1 'P'raps so, p'rana so, but I'd much rather someone olno had the telling of you, sir, much rather.' I saw thai unless I put leading questions I should l-e able to extract very little from him, so said persuasively— ?' Now, my good fellow, who was this cap tain ?' 'OlitVml. slv» Clirt'oid, was his uaiiivi.' 'Well, this t'.xptain Clifford -suppose ho was in the army ?' ??Nov^ that's just where he wasn't; le' was a soa-captin. be were —a ship-owner— and com manded one of his own ships.'1 ' Ah ! then that accounts for the number of curiosities to be found in the house?' '.lest so, «ir, he wei*e wonderful fond of curios, he were - wonderful fond.' ' Married or single, family or not?' 'Widower, and had one son —Mr. Horace - he were delicate, he were— \ery delicate but as nicc and handsome a young gentleman as one ever clapped eyes on.' ' Living or dead ?' 'Well, that's just what I wonlln't like to say, s*ir -in fact, couldn't -seeing I don't know no more than other people — wish 1 did.' ?? Well, lell ine just so much as you care to tell and no more. Tell ine ju*t iu your own way. I'm all attention.' Thus eneoura^ed, lie proceeded. ( To 1-e roiUinufit iu t\\\\-hwi-tUtykt iV/oie. ) 