THE CHAMBERMAID'S STORY. BY GEORGE R SIMS. My chambermaid at the Hotel, Scar borough, was a nice, motherly, middle-aged woman. i lileo mathorly, middle-aged woinon for chambermaids. Thoy know their busi- ness better, and thoy answer the bell quicker than young, flighty chambermaids. And they are not so fond of reading the letters you leave about you, and prying into your private affairs. Such a chambermaid was " Agnes," who a few years ago, when for some five days I had to keen my room at the Hotel, Scar borough, showed mo the greatest kindness and consideration, gave me iny medicine and, like a good, kind-hearted woman, endeavored to cheer mo up and amuse mo whenever she came in to tiay up the room or to sec how I was getting on or to inquire if I wanted any thing. It was ono morning whilo she was dusting my room that she told me the story which I am about to relate. I had been (not entirely without a view to copy) asking her questions as to her experiences as a chambermaid, and, after telling mo one or two incidents in her professional career, she informed me that the most curious experience she had ever had in her life was while sho was a chambermaid at ono of the big London hotels much frequented by people on their way to the Continent. I've seen people arrested there," said Agnes, "nice, quiet people, that you would never have suspected of anything wrong, and I'vo seen runaway couples stopped just as they were coming downstairs to go off by the Continental mail. There's always something or other happening in a big hotel, but of ail the extraordinary affairs that ever came under my notice the most terrible was one that happened almost a year before I left. I was the head chambermaid on the third floor then, and had, of course, to look generally after all tho rooms and soe that everything was right. One day we received a letter from too country ordering a suite of rooms to lie reserved for a newly-married eonple on a certain date. " Tho brido and bridegroom were coming up to London 011 their way to spend their honeymoon abroad, and they would break the journey at our hotel, going on by tbo Continental train next day. " The housekeeper came up to mo with the letter and cave mo instructions to get a suito on my floor ready and to see that everything was in proper order. Tho bride groom had been a constant visitor at the hotel in his bachelor days, and. the manager was anxious that everything should be made as comfortable for him and the young lady as possible. " As soon as I had received my orders I began to execute them, and I had the rooms thoroughly turned out, and everything dusted and rearranged. I put clean curtains at the windows, and womanlike, always feeling interested in bridals, and honeymoons, I took extra pains to make the rooms look cheerful and pretty, and I think I succeeded. " The following evening, about an honr before the young couple were to arrive, I went in and gave a last look around to sec that everything was right and just went over the mantelpiece myself witli a duster and gave the furniture a flick here and there where tho dust, that no power on earth can keep out of a London room, had settled down again. " Satisfied that everything was in perfect order, I closed the door and went to give some instructions to one of the girls about lighting a fire in a room at the end of tho corridor, which was always a fearful nuisance to us when a fire was wanted in it. "The girl, whose business it was to light tho lire, passed me in tiie corridor. " ' Oh,' I said to her, ' I wits coining to see you about No. 63. Be sure to have the win dow oiien and the door open when you light the fire.' "'I've got 'em open,' sho said, 'but tho wind's the wrong way or something, and the fire won't light at all.' " ' Oil, nonsense,' I said, ' I'll come and see to it.' " We wont back together and into the room. The gentleman who'd taken it was already there. He was standing with his hands in his pockets looking at tho fireplace, and ho seemed the picture of misery. "'Poor voting fellow!' 1 said to myself, 'ho looks .ill and unhappy and wants cheer ing up. This is not the sort of room to make him feel at home anyway. "'If you could do without a fire,' sir,' I said, ' it would bo better. We always have a trouble with this fireplace. I am sorry to say it smokes.' '"I must have a fire,' said tho young gentleman. ' If I cuu't have one here give me another mom.' " ' I'm afraid we're full up, sir,' I said, ' but I'll go and see what can be done if you don't mind waiting a little.' "I really was sorry for the poor young gentleman, lie looked so utterly wretched, and I couldn't bear to think of hiin ill, as ho evidently was, shut up in that dreadful No. 1 63, half suffocated all night. There's 110th- 1 ing I think makes one feel so miserable as a room full of smoko, especially when you're away from home and alone. " Leaving the girl to struggle with the fire, I went downstairs to the housekeeper's room to see if there was a chance of putting the young gentleman anywhere else, if it was only tor the night. As 1 nek would have it, a telegram had just been received from a gentleman who was to have come from Scot land that night. Ho had missed his train and wouldn't be in London till the following evening. Tho room reserved for him was on the fourth floor, immediately over the sitting- room on the third, floor, which wo were keep ing for the newly-married pa ir. "Having obtained permission, I wcntback to the young gentleman in No. 63 and told him that if he did not mind we could give him a room on the fourth floor, No. 217, where ho could have a fire and be com fortable. I explained to him, however, that he would have to bo moved on the following day if he intended staying on. '"Thank you very much, ' I10 said, 'that will do very well. I shall not want the room after to-morrow.' " I called one of the porters and told him to take the gentleman's portmanteau up to 217, and then I went to the chambermaid for the fourth floor, and asked her to get a lire lighted at once. " When I came downstairs the newly-mar ried couplo had just arrived, and wore being shown to their rooms. " I took in the warm water myself, and had on opportunity of seeing the young lady. Sho was very pretty, I thought, and she lookedquito a picture in her lovely travelling dress. "The bridegroom was a tall, handsome gentleman, but much older than the young lady. I'd seen him several times at tho hotel, ana so, of course, 1 knew liim. I should say ho was about 45, and she couldn't have been more than 19. It was about 7 o'clock when they came, and they ordered din ner for 8 o'clock. Of course it was knowu among all tbo servants 011 tho floor that they wore a newly-married couple. It would have been oven if wo hadn't been told before hand. " Of course X had 110 opportunity of seeing tho brido and bridegroom again for some time. But the sittingroom waiter told us thoy seemed nice people and the youtig lady was full of spirits. " I went downstairs to supper at 10 o'clock, and wus back 011 duty again at 10.30. I had ono or two things to see to, ami when I had finished I sat down to do a little needle work. "It must have been nearly 11 o'clock when a bell rang violently. The waiter for tho floor had gorio downstairs for his supper, so I went into the serviccrooni and sawtliatit was the sittingroom bell of tho bride and bridegroom. While I was looking at the in dicator the bell rang again, this time moro violently still. I rail along the corridor to the room and knocked at tho door. " ' Coinc in — come in,' cried a man's voice ; and I went in, and there I saw the poor young brido in a chair and her husband bending over her. " ' Some water, quick ! ' lie cried ; ' she's fainted.' "I ran into tho bedroom and brought somo Water and a towel and bathed her face. " 'Is anything the matter, sir 7' I said. "' Yes, lie exclaimed ; 'it's terrible. I Wouldn't have had such a tiling happen for tho world. Look! don't you see ?" " He pointed to her hands whero they lay quite helpless in her lap. " On ono hand— the hand that wore tho wedding ring — was a big, bright drop oi blood. It had fallen right 011 the wedding ring, and stained her hand us well. " ' Oil, dear !' I cried, feeling quite faint myself, ' what is it V . " ' I don't know,' lie paid. ' I can t under stand it. It's tho most awful thing I ever know in my life.' " He seemed quite terrified himself, and certainly it was a dreadful tiling, especially to anybody who was at all superstitious or who believed ill omens. "I look the towel and dipped it in the water and wiped tho Inoodsinui from the poor young lady's hand. I'reseutly she opened her eyes and looked about her. "' Are you better, my darling 2" her hus band said, stooping over her and touching her forehead with his lips. " ' Yes, I'm heller, dear,' she said ; ' but it was so dreadful ! Oil I wile!, does it mean, what does it mean : "Sho -lanced (low .1 at, her hole', with a- look of horror in her eyes, and when rile saw that the blood had been removed she gave a j deep sigh of relici. | " Seeing r.lie was a little bet ter I got tip oil | my knees — I hnd been kneeling beside her 1 and I wont back into the bedroom with tho water. " I was a littlo bit. dazed myself, for I couldn't understand how that drop of bright, red blood could have got on tbo poor dear's hand. "I was just putting tho tumbler down on the washstand when I heard a shriek from tho brido, followed by a cry from tho bride groom. I ran back into tbo sittingroom, and thoro I saw them both Btanding , with terri- "Thoy couldn't speak, but tho bridegroom pointed to his wife's hand. " It was stained with blood again. " ' It lias dropped upon her hand — this moment !' cried the gentleman, ' I saw it, I saw it — with my own eyes.' "'Dropp'cd!' I exclaimed, 'where, where from 7' " I saw tho gentleman look up at the coil ing, my eyes followed his, and then I felt as if I should go through tho floor. On the ceiling above was a dark, moist patch, and slowly dripping from it wore drops of blood. " ' I can t stop here,' wailed the poor young bride. ' Take inc away, take mo away.' "'My dear young lady,' I said, trying to soothe her, ' don't bo frightened, nothing can hurt you hero.' " I don't know why I said it, but I felt I must say something. " The gentleman's face was very pale, and I could see I10 was trembling. He was ter ribly upset, and who could wonder at it ? "I think he guessed that something awful had happened up above. I did, ana it had come upon me all at once who was in that room. It was the young gentleman who had looked so ill and miserable, and who had wanted a fire in 63. " ' Take her in the next room, sir,' I whispered, ' she won't see it there, and I'll go and find out what it means.' "'No — no,' sho cried. ' I can't — I wont stay here. Oh, it is too horrible, and on my wedding day— on my wedding day.' " Sho wrung her hands aud then put them over her face. . " And there on her hand — tho hand with the wedding-ring— was still that terrible bloodstain. "I could not stand it any longor. I felt as if I should go off myself, solmado a despe rate effort and got out of the room and ran downstairs to the manager . " ' Something dreadful's happened, sir, and it's in No. 217. Plcaso go at onee. There's blood dripping through the ceiling of No. 13.' " ' Good Ticavcus ! ' exclaimed the manager. ' What do you mean V " He was at supper when I told him, and he started up quite horrified. " ' Please come at once, sir. The poor young lady's seen it, and she's in a terrible way. " The manager went up tho stairs at once, and I followed him as fast as I could. On the first floor ho met one of the porters aud he told him to come with us, and we all three went up on to the fourth floor, and the manager went straight to No. 217 and knocked at the door. " 'There was no answer. " The chambermaid on the floor liad come up seeing something was tho matter, and sho gave the manager her master-key. " He put it in the door and turned it, but the door did not open. " It was bolted 011 the inside. " ' Go and get something at once,' the manager said to the porter ; ' we must break the door open.' " It. seemed an hour while wo waited outside that door for the man ' to fetch his tools. " ' You're sure it's blood 7' the manager said to int. " ' Oh, yes, sir, I could see it by the stain on tho ceiling, and some of it had dropped on to the young lady's hand.' "'What an awful tiling!' he exclaimed. ' Who's iu here, do you know 7' '"Yes, sir. It's a young gontlcinan who caine this afternoon, and wc put him into 65 first, and moved him up here because of the smoke, lie would have a lire !" . " ' I'm afraid it's a ease of suicide.' "'It's something dreadful, sir, I'm sure, or the blood couldn't have soaked through like that !' " Presently the porter camo back, but it was a long job and a hard job to get that door open— the boll held so firmly, but at last it weut with a terrific crash, aud then we all stood outside and peered into the room. "There was 110 light, but the lire was still burning brightly, and by the glow it east over the room wc saw something was lying 011 the floor. "Tho chambermaid brought a light and the manager went iu first and knelt down by tiie ' something.' " He had sent for t,lic doctor directly I'd told him about the blood, and at that moment tiie doctor came up with the sub- manager. " T'he doctor went iu and looked at the body while the light was held up for hhn. "'He's dead,' he said, and the words almost made my heart stand still, though 1 had expected them. " The poor young fellow had gashed his throat in a frightful way and was lying ill a pool of blood 011 the floor. "I was in the room while they examined ' the body, but I couldn't look at it. I turned i my back and looked at the fireplace. There i was a lot of burnt paper on tho hearth aud somo bits of torn-up letters and envelopes . that haclu't fallen into the fire. " The young fellow had been burning his letters and papers. " I knew then why he was so particular about having a fire iu hi3 room. " Tho doctor finished his examination, and then he got up and turned to tho manager. " ' It's a cnse'of suicide,' ho said, do you know anything about hiin !' " 1 No— we've never seen him before— ho only camo this afternoon.' " ' Well, you'd better not let anything lie touched to-night. Nothing can be done for him. You'll send for the police at once " ' Of course !' " "Then, until thoy come you'd better lock up tiie room and leave everything as it is. I'll come down and sit in your room and wait for the police if you like. " ' Yes,' said the manager, ' that will ho best. I've been hero 10 .years and this is the first case of suicide we've had in the hotel.' " As soon as we were all outside the manager pulled tho door to, but it wouldn't lock. He had forgotten that it had been burst open. " ' 1 see,' said the doctor, ' you can t lock it up. You'd bettor put.n man outside then to sec that nobody goes in. He must remain there until tho police come.' ",So the porter was put 011 guard outside, and we all went along the corridor, looking very seared and frightened, as you can imagine, except tho doctor, and of eonrso doctors never look seared at uiiytliing, they take it all as a matter of business. " I had been so horrified at seeing tho young fellow lying there dead that every thing else had gone out of my head, but when wo got to the top of the stairs I remembered the young lady, and all at onee I thought perhaps it would be only right if tho doctor were to see her. " I spoke to the mauagcr and he turned to the doctor at onee. " ' Doctor,' I10 said, ' thoro aro very pain ful circumstances connected with this unhappy business. It seems, at least so tho chambermaid tells me, that blood must have dropped through into the room below.' " 1 1 don t wonder at that,' said tho doctor, ' there's quite a. pool on the floor.' " ' Unfortunately the room below is occu pied by a newly- married couple, and the blood has fallen 011 the young lady. Tho chambermaid tells me she is terribly upset. I think, perhaps, you had better sec her.' " ' Certainly I will, but I don't think, under the cipcumstancus, it will be advisablo to tell her the truth.' " ' No, not if you can help it.' '"I'll see how she is and try and reassure her somehow. Whero is sho " 'I'll tako you to her,' 1 said. 'The poor young lacly tainted and I left her almost beside herself, and no wonder, for the blood was on her hands.' " ' Dear me,' said the doctor— his face looking quite crave — ' and on her wedding night too. Poor thing; why, it's enough to turn her bruin,' "I led the way to No. 13 and knocked at the door, and without waiting for an answer opened it aud said, ' If you plcaso, sir, here's our doctor, ill case tho young lady would like to see him.' " Then I pulled the door to again, for I had had enough of horrors, and went to ait in tho serviccrooni with two of the waiters. " 1 wanted to bo with somebody for I felt too upset ami nervous to be alone. " The waiters were full of it, as anything of that sort soon goes all over a hotel, and tlic,y wanted to know all about it, but I said I couldn't talk of it, It had upset 1110 too much, but 1 told them there wus 110 doubt that the yoiuig fellow in No. 217 had killed himself, anil that he was quite dead. The doctor was with the. young lady quite half an hour. He passed mo on his way downstairs, and I asked him how she was, and if there was anything I could do. _ "'Shea a little better now." he said, 'but of course very mueh upset. I'vo persuaded her that it is only someone who has mot with an accident, and lost a quantity of blood, and although it was a very unpleasant ex perience there is nothing for her to take to heart, or to he alarmed at, but. I called tho husband on one side and told him the truth, and lie thinks it better they should go to another hotel.' '"Well, sir.' 1 said, 'under the eireum- stances it will lie. perhaps. It would lie a dreadful thing for her to know that, at, the vorv K"r: n in 11" ot her married hie there was :l suicide's liodv lying above her.' " ' Yes, that's a woman's v. -ay of looking at it, 110 doubt. Yon en 11 go it von like and see if you can help thorn to pavit and put their things together. I'm going to ask tho manager to send out and got them rooms iu another hotel, so that they have no bother.' " I could boo that tho doctor was really sorry for tho poor brido and bridegroom, and who could help boing under tho circum stances 1 " I wont in and holpcd to pack tho tUmgs they had unpacked, and thoy wero very grateful. I could seo thoy wero both awfully shocked andworried, and. hardly knew what they wero doing. " Presently tho manager camo up and said he had got rooms for them at another hotel near, and wo got all tho luggage down and put it on a cab, and then tlicy came down and drove away. "It was past midnight when they went, and as I watched them going down tuo great Btaircase, the poor girl trembling and hold ing on to her husband's arm for support, and lie as white as a ghost, I couldn't help think ing that it was about as unhappy a beginning to a honeymoon as thoir worst enemy, if they had one, could have wished for them. " Of course the police wore very soon in the hotel, and liad taken possession of tho room whero tho suicido lay. I didn't hear anything more that night, for I was tired out ana upset, and glad to go to bed when it came to my turn to go off dnty, and the next morning- when I got up I heard the body had been taken away in the night to tho mor tuary, and that an inquest was to be held on it. "Of course I was called at the inquest to give my evidence, and it was then I heard all about the poor young gentleman. "His friends had been found and commu nicated with, and it seems that the young gentleman had been disappointed in love and ad been very strange in Lis manner and very desponding for somo time, but nobody thought he meant to kill himself. . "His brother, who was 011c of tho wit nesses, stated that I10 hud been in love with a young lady who had not returned his affec tion, and this young lady had recently mar ried, and that seemed to have preyed upon his mind very much. " In fact," said the brother, " he killed him self on tho very day that tho marriage took place." " A good deal of evidence was given by tho doctor and others, and the jury brought in a verdict of temporary insanity. "After the case was over, I saw our manager go away with the brother and they were talking together. Of course I went back to tho hotel, but all day I couldn't help thinking things over, and I thought to myself how strange it was that lie should have killed himself right over the room in which there was a young lady who had only been married that day. " That evening when I went downstairs, the manager called mo into his office and said lie wanted to ask me a question or two. " ' When that poor fellow camo to the hotel, did he ask any questions of you ?' lie said. ' Did lie mention any names and ask if they were iu the hotel or coming to the hotel 7' " ' No, sir,' I said, ' he only asked for a fire.' " ' It wa3 your idea to put him in the room above— 217 ';' " ' Yes, sir. I did it because 63 smoked so badly.' " ' Well, it's rather an odd coincidence then. Do you know that ho came to this hotel because the young lady lie was in love with was coining to stay here with her hus band. He liad found out somehow they wero coming here after tho marriage.' "'Good gracious, sir,' I exclaimed, begin ning to see what the manager meant, ' you don't mean to say that the young lady in 13 was the one lie wanted to marry 7' " ' Yes, there is 110 doubt from what the brother has told mc, that it is so.' " And I had put him — quite by accident — in the room above tho bride and bridegroom. Only ono thin floor separated him from the ;irl lie had broken his heart over, and on her iridal night, while he lay a copse above her, his blood had dripped through, and had fallen 011 her hands and stained her wcrldiiig-ring. "He had doubtless timed his 'suicide. He had intended to take his life upon her wedding-day, and in the building in which she was to pass tho first hours of her married lifo with the husband of her choice. " But I am sure lie did not know when lie planned that terrible tragedy that she would be the first to see his life- blood flow — that her cry of horror would he the first tiling to lead to the discovery of Ilia terrible fate. " It was chance that had brought that about, coincidence as the manager called it, and I hail been the innocent means of bring ing it to pass. " I don t know whether the poor bride ever learned tiie truth. I hope she didn't, for it isn't tiie sort of thing a woman would ever be able to forget. If she liad known the truth that night when she felt a cold, wet splash, aud looked at her wedding-ring— but tiicre, it isn't a tiling to think about, is it, sir 7" I said that I didn't think it was, ' but after Agnes had finished her story anil left me to myself I thought a good deal about it, and it has remained upon the tablets of my memory until now. In one thing I cordially agree with Agnes, that it was a strange experience for a cham bermaid. I doubt if many chambermaids have had a stranger. |Thj> EXP. 