Theatrical Topics. Mr .'Bland Holt has.: been doing nnmonse. business at Hobart during tho hohduy season. > Theatres aro most: common in tho United States, where- there are about 65 to ovary 1,000,000 inhabitants. Bold-headed gentleman in pit (to lady m drosB oirolo) : Madam, I rcspoot your omotion, but you are weopiug on piv head. Tho business done ivitli Mr. Musgrovo's pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Sydnov, is said to bo the bost on record lor that theatre. An American theatrical manager who haB paid Madame Modjcska 600,000 dollars ior her sorvices on tho stage is in the Bankruptcy Oourt in England. Miss Nellie Stewart is to play Susan in the now opora "Bluok-oyod Susati," to be pro duced at tho Shaftesbury Theatre sliortly. Miss Maria Burton will ulso bo in tho cast, nnd tho opora will be conducted by Mr. Alfred Plumpton. Sir Arthur Sullivan's opera "Ivauhoe " will bo first given in German at the Iinporial Opora Houso, Berlin, on January 27, by command of tho Emperor. Tho ohoico of his Majesty's birthday for suoh a production must bo regarded as a speoial compUmont to tho British composer. Mr. J. O. Williamson will probablv -send out a second comio opera oompany shortlv. Having an oxtensive repertoire of tho bost works in this oloss and a big staff of poople, Mr. Williamson, the Sydney Telegraph thinks, riiould be able to cover the oolomes profitably with two com panies. Mr. B. Christie Murray's baukruptoy ac counts wero very simple. He had oxtonrivo liabilities but no money. He made £800 last year and accounted for 10s. of it. -He expressed his willingness to hand eveiything, including tho rights of "Nod's Cflnim (which willnot realise a very fabulous sum), over to tho assignee. The Sydney Daily Telegraph reports that Mr. Walter Bentley opened his New Zoaland tour at the New Year, beginning his tour, most appropriately, at Scotch Dunodin. " Hamlet" was the first play, with Mr. Bentley in the namepart, Mr. Olifton Alderson as tho Ghost, Mr. 07 Holloway as tho King, Mr. Greenawuy as Lserfes, Mr. Laohlan M'Gowan as Folonius, Miss Laura Hansen as Ophelia, and Miss Alice Deorwyn as tho Queen. Tho brief autumnal season of opera at Govent Garden closed on Novemhor 21, when " Car men" was once moro given in French, with Madame Deschamps as the gip9Y heroine, the rest of the cast remaining as before. At tho end of the performance Sir A. Harris caino before the curtain, and, being called upon for a speech, announced that in consequence of the uoceas already achioved he intended to bring the vocalists of the Boris. Opera Comiqae again to London next year. Messrs. Gilbert and Collier's now comio opera "The Mountebanks," was, as already announced by oable, produced at the Lyrio Theatre on December 19. Tho plot, in which it is understood an automatic man on the " put- a-penny-in- tho- slot" prinoiplo figures, is of an uproaringly funny eharaotor, and tho prinoipal parts were played by Misses Geraldine Ulinar, Lucillo Saunders, Ada Jenoure, and Eva Moore; Messrs. Lionel .Brough, HonkhouBO, Arthur Playfair, F. Wyatt, Charles Gilbert, Cecil Burt, Furneaux Cook, and John Robert son. Madamo Fanny Simousou's Opora Com pany have closed their season in Ade laide (says tho Sydnoy Telegraph). The original intention was to proceed to Brisbano from Adolaido, but in view of tho great cost iuvolvod in the transference of so largo a com pany and tho extreme depression of business in the Queensland capital at tho present time, it has been deoided to abnndon tho viBit to that city. Arrangements are now pending for a theatre in Sydnoy, nnd it is probable that in the mcantuno a short series of operatic representa tions will be given in Melbourne. Thus tho Sydney Daily Telegraph : Mrs. Langtry appears to have mode up her mind not to oome to Australia " at present, ut any rate," though sho may visit it' "some day." An offer was mode to her, 'she says, but Bho de clined it. On the other hand Messrs. Broiigh and Bouoicault's representative speaks of acon- traot duly signed, sealed, and delivered between his prinoipals and the lady, but in whioh the actual date was not mentioned. The real truth of the thing is probably this — that when Mrs. Langtry's pale star is doolining and hor fow successful impersonations are 110 longer popular she will travel Australia on the strength of a celebrity as much personal as ortistio. Miss Julia Marlowe, tho American actress, who proposes a tour in Australia, is warmly praised as an artistio delineator of the Juliets, the Portias, and other Shakesperian diameters of the poetic rathor than tho tragic stylo. Madamo Bernhardt, aftor seeing tho young lady in "Ingomar," is reported to have said,: " I have seen an American actress for whom I predict the brightest future. I mean Julia Marlowe. She is a marvellous and interesting artist, refined, subtle und. sympathetic. In a short time sho will be ono of tho few really grand dramatic artists oar tho stage. She is particularly free from faults and never exag gerates her tones or gestures. All that sho does is dainty and delicate.' ' It has beon reported that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan will again collaborate for the produotion of yet another comio opora. Tho statement is deolored to be extremely safe, but no details have boon given. What ia much more definite is tho foot that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Goorge Grossmith are ongaged upon a comio opora. The book is in tho hands of Mr. Grossmith, and tho musio by the "Sooiety olown " is well undor weigh. What it is about, or where it will bo produced, are among those things not generally known. Mr. Grossmith will undortako a farewell tour iu the provinces, beginning in January and finishing during the full season in Loudon. He will then rest for a few weeks, previous to his departure for Amerioa in the autumn. Mr. Fred. Leslio, burlesque actor and writer, rebels against the managerial blue penoil as earnestly as Mr. H. A. Jones. In his latest interview in Sydnoy, Mr. Loslie (says a London writer) incidentally remarked that one reason for testing the merits of " Oindor- Ellon" at the Antipodes was that London managers in sisted at rehearsal " on shaping a burlesque Bolely with a view to tho fuuniments." Now wo know who is responsible for ruthlessly destroying the literary features of Gaiety bur lesques, eliminating all tracos of consecutive story, and practically converting thenr into yariety entertainments. -When Mr. Leriie re turns a few weeks lionoo ho Bhould. take a thoatre for himself, and sliow how a burlesque ought to be produced. Worshippers of Wagner ore exultant over tho aoaonnts of the Bayreuth " Fostspiel" of this year— "the orownmg sucoess of a long series of triumphs." "The Meister" statos that more thau 3,000 seats were, sold iu London alone, or twioe as many as in 1889. Many an applicant to Messrs. Ohnppell was sont empty away, whilst Herr Gross, tho Bayreuth " Vor- waltungsrath," was besieged with ! letters, averaging 200 a-day, from would-bo ticket- holders, long after the .whole stook of seats hod been absorbed; and outside, the offioial sales, tho coveted tickets wore ohanging hands at a .premium of from 100 to 400 per cont. It is further stated that though the expenses of produotion wore enormous, amounting "to £27,000 or £28,000, thero was still a profit of from £2,000 or £3,000 upon these 20 perform ances. Various rumours have been ourrent in regard to a season of German opora in London ; but tho Daily JNewe says that preliminary arrange ments liavo now boon made by which it is hopod that a series of performances, in whioh some of tho leading artists, of the Bayreuth Festival will take part, will ho given iu Lon don in May and. Juno next. In addition to tlvo Wagnerian operas it is proposed to iuoludo in the repertory Fotor Cornelius's "Barber of Bagdad," Marsohuer's " Hans Heiling" (ori ginally produced at Hanover as far baok ns 1833, hut recontly revived in Germany with groat suc008s), and other popular works. Several eminent artiste, with Frau Suolior and Here Alvory at their head) are mentioned as likely to be members of the troupe. ' German opera has been strangely negleotod in London forsomoyears past, but that it is to be tried again under adequate conditions wfll bo a source of satisfaction to snitoy motio lovers. 