CHAPTER II. THE day was heavy, close, and gloomy. Thunder-clouds hung lower jnginthe sky and the glory of the : simmer sun was hidden. A storm was -evidently brewing, and all nature seemed tokno* that 'some catastrophe was at bobd. The birds were silent: the butter fliesj resting with folded wings, were in distttguishable from the moss, if patent enougn on the flowers. No gnats nor day Hies danced or flashed overhead; .butbig'black hairy flies, blue-bottles, 'boniets, dragon-flies, and all stinging creatures Were in full activity, and in the breathless stillness the spiders wove tjbeif cruel nets in covered places witb v out fear of failure from the wrecking of sitfie^rind. -'T^waiastisual at the IJall. Also as xctitia) XSndsay Kershaw was there too. Algemonhad brought turn, as he did ; whenever lie could-and that was when ever the vOung athlete had nothing ^ttoie exacting on band in the way of '^ticket. or football It was too sultry to *itjn*he house, iuid we were all r acattered about the lawn-some lying on ^thffigemkin and some sitting on the Zoe was swinging lazily tiammock, and t was standing by The atmosphere had evidently ?ssippiesied her, for she would not talk, *iot4ay there with shut eyes almost as if and disturbed to petulence if I ^nolcffoher. But l could aee the line between her half-closed (3aA«s,«nd I knew that she was not tadteO- For some reason unknown to ??^fe^mVwai pouting-I w>U call >t by liowsher name, and when she was in 1t5s kind of mood she was what the "itench call ..impossible," and neither to be reasoned with nor coaxed out of ..offeermood. I had oftended her by some unsuspected gaucfuric^ some master Ad iftird or look, and she was taking her revenge. I wonder if she knew how * "ie, pained me 1 I do not think (SaeoouHi i Suddenly Lindsay Kershaw yawned, strietehedhimsetf, and lounged up from ^; ji{genkin where be bttd been old fellows, this is slow work iiioflfjh, he said, laughing. "Let us ^dolpmething.'' !*'/'All fight," sung out Algernon. Wiat shall itbe ?" oi ''Yej, let us do something," cried , Z08, throwing off her pretence of sleep as if it had been a ribbon over her *J<yes. ; "Let us take a ride," said Lind 'jay. . \ ?$d/^id I;" a storm is coming on, f ^lgl e^yone will be drenched." ~ Jwoeed nDt come« ^ustin>" flasbsd ? you are afraid of a few "rapsirf riipi fitay at home-no one "lis you. 'I was thinkingtao/e of you than of iwlf,?U .ansirettd; but I felt a kind of*pasm go over my face and I knew that Iturned pale. " Much obliged, I'm sure, old fellow," drawled Algernbn; "but I think we ppy be trusted to take care of our Mter*. ** You shall not come, Justin," said Zoe, .ifith her. pretty little peremptory manner. I did my best to smile as at a good joke, but I made a very poor affair of it. " Why this comedv ? I asked, with the awkwardness. of a roan trying to conceal pain and mortification under a joking manner. >' I want to go with Algy," said Zah. " And I should be dt trop t" I asked. " Very much it trop," said Zoe, and mock gravity. " I never see Algy alone now, and I want to talk to him to-day vety seriously." "I am sorry," I began, and then I stopped; something choked ray words, and I could not utter another sound. Zoe looked at roe, and for a moment seemed as if she was about to say some thing pleasant, sweet, soothing. Then the mutinous little expression came over her face again, and she turned her eyes from me to her brother. " You are not quite married yet," said Algernon to me, disagreeably. "As Zoe says, she and I are never together now; and if she wants to be with me she shall not be thwarted." " I do hot wish to interfere," I said, with the same sense of choking in my throat. " Well then, don't," was the reply. All this time Lindsay Kershaw had . been standing, silent but attentive to what was going on. He was deeply flushed, but save for this his face had "no message" to me nor to anyone else. " Come, Zoo, run and put on your habit," then said Algernon. " I will go to the stable and get the beasts saddled James"-to his eldest brother-'? you will come ? and Lindsay, you ?" " yes," said both the men at once. The earth reeled under my feel. I should have fallen had I not caught hold of a branch of the lime-tree which formed one of the " uprights" for Zoii's hammock. " I shall know what to think, Zoii, if you make yourself a party to this insult to me," I said in a low voice to my little love, who by this time had sprung to her feet and was standing near me. " I ask -I entreat you not to go- or at least if you do to include rae," I continued earnestly. " If yo do not " There was my false move I My un finished threat roused all there was of recalcitrant and mischievious, self-willed and thoughtless, in this wayward child. Her bright eyes flashed, her little figure stiffened. " You may think what you like, and I don't care what you do think," she said ; " I am going all the same ; and you shall not come. If you do I shall stay at home." On which she ran across the lawn and disappeared into the house. I felt half mad and wholly bewildered. I knew to my cost what it was to quarrel with Zoe. Whatever had gone wrong was made ten times worse. If she had struck me with a whip before she then struck me with a braid of scorpions. And all these little tiffs-which are I suppose inevitable to the time of courtship-had bnljr reduced me still more to a state of abject slavery, and increased her power and predominance. And I dared not resent this affront on her, still less could I on her brothers. This would be to have her as well as them against me, and I could not afford that. It was a terrible moment; but in all the press and passion of my thought came the one warning thought, like an inner voice speaking to me me; " Pa tience I bear with patience." And, like a shining 6trip of light reaching in the far distance beyond the dark and dreary surroundings, was the faith, the belief, die knowledge that, in spite of all her waywardness, she loved me. If I had not known that I would have flung up the whole thing, even though I had blown out my brains the next moment. But I knew that she loved me. She was wayward, and her pretty petty tyranny was meant for my discomfoiture-but she loved me. , ' Bewildered by passion, dazed with suffering, I stood there scorning myself and scorned by them. What was I1 but a slave, taking from an adored mistress such blows and buffets as she chose to bestow ? Yet-how could I resist ? how could I resent ? The brothers, as cruel in their own way as were Isabella's, would have been only too fclad had I fallen into the snare they had spread for ray feet I should then play their game and they would win. They pro voked me to reprisals as far as they dared, but for her sake I had to bear all-even beyond the point of self-respect; for her sake, because she loved me though she tortured me. _ Meanwhile Zoe was putting on her riding habit, and the horses were brought round, while the heavens grew darker and the threatened storm was now mo mently more imminent. There was that mysterious hush-that eerie silence below, broken by the strange soughings of the unfelt wind in the upper branches of the trees, which is so weird and al most ghostly. These signs were, how ever, of no avail. The Gods wished to destroy, and they first made the victims mad. Theridingpartyassembled,ar.dsoon the horses were cantering down the drive. ? Zoe had so far relaxed in her for bidding humour as to allow me to put her up. Her little foot lay in my hand light as a flower, and she 6prang into the saddle as if she had been a bird lighting on a twig. When fairly seated and ad justed, and as she was starting, she half reined in her horse and looked back at me, as if she were going to speak to me. She did not; she only smiled and waved her hand pleasantly, as if no shadow had come between us. I have this as my possession-this fleeting evanescent smile. Like the very ghost of love _ wandering through the air I recall this one dear look of unrest, of sudden loving indecision. At this mo ment she looked like a lovely child whose wayward will has been gratified. Being gratified, her heart was now free to act Where she had been wilful and dis obedient she now became penitent; and her eyes prayed for the grace of recon ciliation. I am glad she looked like that at me. I see her now, her graceful little head turned over her childish shoulder, and the golden fringes of her hair glistening as if they were bur nished by the sun. Those golden fringes and that tender smile seemed in a manner reproductive one of the other -the same thing in two different forms. With this I was fain to be content; and with this smile on my heart, lying as a ray of sunshhie across a barren desert, I went to my, own desolate home-my sole possesion of joy, a girl's fleeting, backward look. As any one not bent on wilfulness could have foreseen, the storm burst out in less than an hour after the riding party had gone. It came with that sudden and tremendous violence which seems to shake the very earth to its centre. Expected, it yetstartled, stunned, appalled. It was more like a storm in tiie tropics than one in our mild-mannered temperate .zone. The thunder pealed and the lightning flashed with terrifying force and vividness; and then the rain came down in very sheets of huge and pelting drops, whereby the rivulets were swollen .to rivers, and the rivers became unmanageable torrents; and after an hour or two of this desperate tumult and outbreak, the stprm passed, its fury was spent, and nature was once more serene and smiling. I did not go back to the {-(all. I had not been asked and I was not expected; but it took all my seli-conirol to keep me awav. 1 was, as it were, drawn there as by a magnet, and twice I went out into the evening stillness, going part of the way to that Mecca of my yearning soul, and twice I refrained and returned. At last, wearied out, I returned to bed, hoping for better things to-morrow. What was in my room to-night ? What presence haunted it with forebodings ot sorrow ? Sighs seemed to fill the air ; one would have said that a woman was gently weeping. I peered all around, but no one was to be seen. When I drew back the curtains and looked out, the moonlight lay like a silver sheet over the grass, and the moon herself shone high like a burnished shield in tho clear unclouded sky. But in the room was still the consciousness of a presence, the faint echo of signs, and a woman's quiet weeping. I was not asleep ; I had not lost con sciousness for half a moment; when sud denly I became aware of something more than myself close to me. I opened my eyes, and there, leaning over me, but as hovering in the air, not standing on the earth, I saw the face and form of Zoi*. The moonlight shone on her as it shone on the grass and flowers of the gardens -as it shone on the silent trees and the still waters of the tranquil lake. I saw her as clear as I saw that moonlight itself. She was as visible, and as in tangible. I put out my hand to her, as she bent over me, but it met nothing grasped nothing. It seemed to part, to disperse, the substance, whatever it was, that formed this intangible vision ; and when I withdrew it, and sank back on the pillow she reappeared as vividly as before. She bent over mc, and her face came nearer to mine, As I live I felt the shadowy touch of her sweet lips on mine, and I heard, and yet I did not hear with my outer ears, but in my inner senses her soft voice whisper tenderly: " Justin, I love you. Forgive me, I love you I" And then I saw what I had never seen before, that blood was flowing Irom a large wound in her forehead, and that her golden hair was matted and stained with blood. Then came a long-drawn, sobbing sigh, and the figure slowly dis solved and disappeared. After this I knew no more till the birds were awake and the morning had fully come. Troubled and uncertain, I recalled the past things of the night. Was it a dream ? Had I dreamt that Zoe had appeared like some sweet sorrowing spirit, leaning over me to whisper that she loved me ? It must have been a dream. And that hideous wound in her forehead-those matted rings of gold re Idened with blood -those, too, were but the sick visions of a waking dreamer. They were phantoms of niitht and the darkness which had passed with the light and the day. So I thought-reasoning against conviction, hoping against knowledge. And as I thought, I turned my head on the pillow, and there I saw two drops of blooid, just where I had seen them fall from Zoe's golden curls. Then I knew that the vision had been true, and that Zoe was dead. And as I knew, so it proved. The sudden outburst of the storm had frightened all the horses alike, so that they had become ungovernable, and not one of the party had been able to master his beast. Zoe's reared and flung her backward; and as she lay there, on the ground, Algernon'* had put his foot on her forehead, and crushed the life out of her. She had lingered till about mid night, and then she had died without re gaining consciousness. But when she had died her spirit had come to me to tell me that she loved me-to ask for giveness for the wilfulness which had cost her her life and me all my happiness -but chiefly to tell me that she loved me. And ever in the still watches ot the night I feel her gentle presence near me, and I hear the soft whisper of her voice, and feel the shadowy touch of her lips on mine. And I know that she is waiting for me there in the Outer Courts, refusing the supreme bliss till I shall come to join her and share it with her. Zoe! well you are named 1 Zoe, my Life here and hereafter-Zoe, my Life, my Love! 