ON THE TRAMP (BY NUT QUAD.) ? .You will perceive by tlie noni de plume . . - which I place above these uotes that I belong* to the typographical profession, and I may also state that I am a unionist of the i Sydney society of that trade. ?'} ? .* * y As your smart little journal is run solely, in . .the cause of unionism, perhaps you will ? / allow a few statements to be made with (regard to work in the country in the printing .(trade. ~ ? -ft- -fr Vf ? ' ' By a fate which often overtakes a man in a lifetime I found myself landed in Melbourne with very few dollars in my pocket, no friends, and not the ghost of a show of r getting work. The last ' thrummer ' ' had gone to the fascinating barmaid at the Ballarat for a counter lunch, my 'stick' had been pawned the night previously to get a night's 'doss,' and I was, vulgarly speaking, on my beam. end. * * * Not knowing which way to turn, I took our secretary's advice, hoisted ' ' bluey, ' ' and started for the country, where, the Melbourne people, say, 'there's heaps of work.' ? i x Ballarat was reached without any of the desired work turning up, but it may be stated that I received 7s. 6d. there from the society on my clearance card, which is recognised and considered as a perfect right. After giving Ballarat a very fair show, I was com pelled to leave without getting an hour's graft, and then proceeded to a place near Creswick, where I waltzed into the only f .newspaper office there, and asked a sallow - visaged looking cuss if he wanted a 7 / ? comp ? He stared' at me in a vacant manner ' for about three minutes by the wheezy old f clock in the front shop, and then drawled \\- out 'No; that he never employed comps ; \ .that he had boys to do the work.' This riled \ me some, so I asked him if I combined leader-writer, proof-reader, blood and thunder sensational reporter, machinist, I publisher, and in my spare time chop wood tlan& rock the cradle, would he give me a shoV? But the shooting stick coming very ) adjacent to my cranium, I thought it dis i cretionary to make tracks— and I did. Castle - j maine pulled me up next on a dizzily wet v Saturday afternoon — footsore, heart-sick, and hungry. f ? ? * * * . j . In a despairing manner I crawled up the / , chairs of the 'Mount Alexander Mail,' v with little rivulets oozing out of my boot ?: tops, and having the appearance of the ' old v man of the sea.' In as steady a voice as I could command I asked to see, the 'boss ' but was told he was round at Gardiner's hotel playing ' devil's pool,' and would not \- return till about 6 o'clock. After cadging a , pipe of tobacco from the ' ' devil, ' ' and making myself comfortable on a bale of paper, I patiently waited his return. At 6 o'clock punctually he returned, just mellow, looking as if he. had scooped a few pools, so I thought it would be an easy matter to worm into his . affections. And it was, for he turned out to have a heart as big as a lion's. He saw that I had a comfortable bed, invited me to tea that night and dinner next day, and gave me a night's work. * ijc- * This white man's name is Arch. Matthews, . and may he live long and prosper. He paid me considerably more for my night's work than what I would have received in Mel ' bourne ; but I am sorry to say that most of the comps. on the Mail — as on a lot of. other country newspapers — receive but little remuneration for their labor. The news papers at Rochester, Echuca, Tatura, and nearly all the towiis up to Albury on the Murray are worked on the cheap labor system, and. a travelling society comp. has no -earthly show to get work on the road ' ?while the offices are filled with boys, and ' rats' of the worst description. At Albury, which is a large town, I only received a few hours' composition, but as the men there work for all sorts of wages this must be ex pected, for an employer is not likely to give a strafLger work at full rates when he can get ?these ' scabs' to do it for wages so very much lower than the recognised price. ?. , . -* * * I hope this will meet the eye of Mr. Hancock, or the President of the Melbourne Typographical Society, and that they will send out missionaries and try and devise some scheme to bring these country offices into the fold of unionism. One young man at Numurkah, named Mason, informed me that he had tried to start a society for the whole of the North -Eastern District of Victoria, but through want of co-operation it failed. I feel sure if the Melbourne Society were to give him their assistance they would very speedily have a large society formed in the North -Ea stern District, and this would be a precedent which may cause other ' typo's in country districts to throw in their lot Avith unionism. It is worth trying, and I trust the metro politan societies will take the hint, and endeavor to form branch society unions in the provincial towns. -:K- *- I was highly gratified on my arrival in Wagga to find that there was such a straight going little paper like The Rammer , and I only wish that there were a few more like it en route to Sydney. # # As things are at present, I would earnestly advise all comps. intending to 'pad the the hoof' from Melbourne to Sydney to con sider well before they make a start, for if they can't do 12 hours a day in the broiling sun at a winnower, or, the same time on a thresher, it would be preferable for them to stay in the city and starve, for they stand a big show of starving ' on the track.' The London Salvation Army proposes to give a banquet to 600 thieves. This is a queer way to waste money. The thieves can take care of themselves. It is the poor class of Londoners who are' starving who should be fed to prevent them becoming thieves. # # # The Danish inspector at Godhaven, Green land, says that the Esquimeaux unequivo cally reject all belief in the existence of hell. They are unable to realise that it is possible to use such a beneficent agent as fire for purposes of punishment. 