BOB NlARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. A NEW NOVEL. DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY Atohoe of "JoEcpVs Coat/' '"'Aunt EacTicV' "Sainton- Gold," Sc. etSOIAZZT WH1TTTX TOli AUSTSAZ1AX TATTXS. [AIL (HIEEfEMSB MOOTS ItESEEYID.j Chatieb XXXI.—(Ooidtnueil.J fSE boat -was lolling and plung ing, and to be sure of bis foothold whilst standing stall, George wsb compelled to lean forward and clutch the rail by Hetheridge's shoulder, so that the husky Voice breathed almost in hiB ear. He gazed at the man with keen inquiry, but expression is hard to read, and to Hethe ridge's guilty and preoccupied thought the glance carried a stern and unrelenting accnsation. * "Whore did yon see me last ?' he asked. He was heading forward so that the two faceB almost met. 'I saw you last at Richmond,' Hether idge answered. ' For God's sake, George, have mercy. It's a long time ago now. It's quite a long time ago.' Here for the first time, suspicion of the truth, or rather suspicion of a mere frac tion of the truth, shot into Redwood's mind. Ho knew now the nature of dis guise his father's murderer had assumed at TJpnor years ago. The paralytic gait, the heard, the tinted glasses. He knew, too, that his mother had recognised Hefheridge by the resemblance to tbe disguised figure into which he had fallen, by reason of his long illness. ' Tell me your name,' he said, between Mb teeth. 'John Hetheridge,'the stricken wretch responded. To have the unspeakable villain, there, under Mb hand, to have the power to yield Mm to justice, to have vengeance for his father's death, and payment for the miseries of his own torn heart within Ms grasp, and yet to know that he was hound in sacred honour to do nothing, bred such a tumult in his soul, as was well nigh unendurable. "Whether the mad man who mistook the living son for the dead father's wraith, or the son himself, with all Ms wrongs and hatreds throng ing on Mm, suffered the more, it would be hard to say. Redwood felt that if ho lingered near the monster, the mere physical temptation which heset him to seizo Mm by the throat and to shake out the miserable remnant of Ms life, would grow too strong to he resisted. He turned away and staggered across the rolling deck, staring blindly at the billows as they rolled up to meet the cleaving hows. Inaction was not to he endured. He began to pace up and down again on the wet and slippery deck. Tho roaring wind and driving spray had sent everybody but himself and Hetheridge to shelter. Hetheridge sat helpless, and Redwood ploughed and stumbled to and fro with his whole mind in a ferment of love, and agony, and re venge. Rut there was nothing to be done; he was hound to contain himself and to keep silenoe. < As ho mastered his emotions his thoughts grew clearer, and another part of the truth became manifest to him. It was evident that Hetheridgo'a mind was quite unhinged in one particular, and that he took George Redwood for his father. George was fully aware of the surprising likeness he presented. Bir Eustace had emphasised it quite recently, and he him self had arrived at the fact Hetheridge's perturbed fanjy had momentarily mis taken his solid presence for his father's apparition. He saw that that delusion had now .taken fixed possession of the murderer's , mind. Tho boat reached Ostend, and during the delay there for lunoheoD, and examination of baggage at Douane, Redwood paced the platform without cessation, whilst Hotheridge, from a scat in front of the refreshment room, watched his ercry motion as if fascinated He was under a compulsion to watchhiB -victim's movements, to notice every gesture, and to strive to read every expression of his face. Vaguely he asked himself in his beclouded mind if his victim had died in mortal sin that he lived now in such inquietude. "Were they com panions for eternity ? When at last the train started, Hothe ridge still under the same resistless com pulsion, followed Redwood into the carriage he had chosen; the young man had thrown himself into a seat and staged gloomily out of the further window with his hack turned towards the carriage door. He kept that attitude for a long time, and it was not until they were mileB upon their journey that he turned and saw his enemy still near him. All the venom of his nature stirred at the sight of him, and to breathe the same air was a torture. At the first stopping place he dashed from the carriage and entered another com portment. Hetheridge's nearne-s still tormented him, hut less exigently than before. It occurred to him suddenly thnt he had seen the tiokct for Antwerp at Dover town station, and that by some ■ oversight on the part of the officials, Hetheridge had heen allowed to take the wrong train. Once more his guess hit 1 very near the truth, and he surmised that his presence had a sort of fascination which the other found it difficult, if not impossible, to resist. The train mid-way was enfiladed by the guard who, climblicg along the marchepicd, entered each carriage in turn with his brisk and civil ' Yos billets, si'l vous plait, messieurs'' In due turn he lighted upon Hetheridge, who produced a ticket for A nt werp. ' M'sieu a fait erreur,' said the guard, ' II se trouve dans la train pourBruxelles ct pas pour An vers.' ■ Alors,' replied Hetheridge. ' II faut que vous payez la difference, et mon pcrd dc tempB aussi. Je nc suis pas chage d'inapecteur de billets, moi.' He was only mad—1 Hor', nor'-west.' "Where money was concerned he could still tell a hawk from a homshaw. The guard saw the matter in a somewhat different light, and amilingly compromised by a promise of a free return to Antwerp. As a mere mntter of fact, Antwerp and Brussels were one to the fugitive. If he were discovered to have taken a ticket for Antwerp, he coald naturally bo sought in that city, and then all trace of him would be lost for the moment. In the presence of his ghost these thingB mattered little, and in the Station du JTord, of the Belgium capital, the ghost was back again. Redwood had been revolving certain things in hiB mind, and had decided to bottom the mystery, which for so many years had been unfathomable. He re cognised his own power over Hetheridge, and determined to put it to employ ment. When he appeared on the platform he saw at once that the fascination ho excited had undergone an abatement. Hetho ridge's eyes still held him, and his totter ing footsteps followed him. He expressed his desire to break the journey and to stay in Brussels for the night, and having seen to the unloading of his baggage, he turned to Hetheridge. ' Come with me.' He was obeyed as by a man in a mes meric trance. He saw the wreck into a fiacre and gave the drivor orders to follow his own vehicle to the Hotel de Suede, iu the Rue de L'Eveque. Arrived there, ho asked for a private room; and after a trifling delay, was conducted into iui up stairs parlour.' * Does monsieur require anything at present ?' asked the smart chambermaid. t'I will give my orders later on,' George answered, and the girl retired. ' Sit there,' he commanded Hetheridge, pointing to a chair, ' and answer the questions I alkali put to you.' Being obeyed, he fell to pacing to and fro, thinking how best to open his in-" quiry. Tlicre was a revulsion in his heart against the means he used, but the case was extraordinary and not to be dealt with by common methods. ' Listen to me,' he Baid, pausing sud denly. 'It is part of the punishment ordained to you that you shall tell me everything. "What motive had you for that cruel murder ?' Hetheridge tried in vain to answer, but finally stammered out a few disconnected and unmeaning words. ' Tell me the motive of your crime,' Bedwood repeated sternly. Hetheridge, trembling with Buper stitiouB horror, unfolded all his story. Bedwood dragged it from him scrap by scrap, remorselessly, until at length the truth stood revealed in nakedness. ' I am quite broken,' Hetheridge re sumed at the finish, ' quite broken. I ought to he a young man still, and look at me. You might have mercy on me now; for God's sake, don't haunt me any longer. Have pity. Let me die in peace, I Bhan't he long, I can't he long.' •If it were not for one thing,' Bed wood responded, sternly, ' I would have you hanged like a dog. If I could sur render you to the fate you want without J soiling your daughter's name, I would drag you back to England and -force you to confession.' 'No, no, no,' screamed Hetheridge. ' Give me time. Let me have a little time. I must have time to repent. I must have time to make my peace with Heaven.' 1 You go scot free,' said Bedwood. Using unconsciously the phrase which Hetheridge had found delightful years ago, and in which had lived so hitter an irony in all his latter time. ' Your child's name shall not he despised by any public rumour of your crime. You are free. Go; carry your own punishment with you to the grave. If you can repent, repent, but let me see you no more.' He cast the door wide open and pointed out to it with a commanding hand. The abject misery arose, still clutching by instinct the precious handbag in which all his belongings lay. He crawled feebly to the door and down the staircase, pausing twice to look back. He dis appeared at the turning of the stairs, and Bedwood, falling on a sofa, hid his face in both hands. It cost him an hour or two to Tecorer from the agitation into which the singular interview had thrown him. A bath in stinging cold water and complete chenge of raiment seemed necessary to purify him from the taint the mere physical nearness of his father's murderer had brought him. He had not broken his fast since leaving London, and even now the food he tried to Bwallow seemed to chohe him, but he managed to eat a little, and having finished his pint of wine, he put on hiB hat and gloves and overcoat, and walked into the streets The winter night had fallen, but the streets were ab'aze with light and brisk with many passers to and fro. He had walked but a minute or two, when a loud and excited voice arrested him. He looked up and found himself in the immediate neigh bourhood of the General Post Office, and there with a curious crowd about him, was a burly Englishman, vociferating in voluble but absolutely incomprehensible phrases—French interlarded with Eng lish. ltedwood recognised the voice and the burly shoulders as belonging to Sir Eustice Wvncome. He dashed across the road, and found the haranet engaged in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoulders, and who gasped and stared at him without under standing so much as a single word. ' Sir Eustace !' cried ltedwood. ' What is the matter? Can I bo of service to you ?' ' Great heaven, ltedwood!' criod the baronet; ' that you should arrive at such a moment passes everything. I have just seen your father's murderer, the villain who called himself Andro Bom. I knew him in u second; he was juBt starting to drive away in a cab. I dashed at him, but he cried out to the driver. I hung on for a minute, hut I had n nasty fall at last. I should have known him any? where amongst a million. 1 could-swear to him. I collared this fellow, the first policeman I could come across, but I can't make him understand.' He wa» -wild with excitement, and now that he had time to observe him, lied wood saw that he was mud from head to foot, and that one ungloved hand was bleeding. ' "Where are 70U staying, Sir Eustace ?' he demanded. ' At the Belle Yuo Hotel,' the baronet answered. ' Let me call you a cab,' said Eedwood. ' I will call upon you in an hour. Better! I will go with you, and you shall give me a full description of the man. I will write it out in French and have it transmitted from the police station hero by wire to every port and railway station. You are sure of the man?' Sure?' echoed Sir Eustace. 'Assure as I am of my own existence. I tell you I'd swear to him among a million.' The crowd stood round wondering and jeering. George called a carriage, and the two were driven away. ' Now tell me what the man was like.' Sir Eustace described Hetberidge to the life—bent, paralytic, bearded, the eyes defended by goggle glasses. ' He spoke in French,' he cried, ' and I could swear to his voice as well as to his looks. He knew me, too, the villain. If I had found him in a Christian country I'd have had him by the heels in gaol by now.* ' There ha3 been a great lapse of time.' George urged, desperately. ' In a matter of such consequence there must he no mistake.' ' Han alive'.' cried Sir Eustace, with impatience. There can he no mistake. I toll you the scoundrel knew mo. Ho got back into the corner of the carriage the second I went for him. I heard him speak my name under his breath, and then he shrieked out like a parrot iu his own jargon, and the fool of a cabman drove on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to open the door to get in, but I'm not so young as I used to be, and it caused me a nasty tumble. I was within an ace of being run over.' The cab was arrested at the entrance of Sir Eustace's hotel, and George assisted him to alight. ' You have nothing more to tell me be fore I go ?' 'Nothing more, except that the black guard was well dressed. Hs wore a sealskin coat the like of which 1 should think it a sinful extravagance to buy. Now, don'tlose a minute, lad, and if you want for money come to me. I'd spend a thoueand pounds willingly to run that fellow down. ' I will be with you in an honr,' Georgo answered, 1 and in the meantime I will communicate with the police. Drive me,' he called to the driver, as he entered the vehicle,' to the Central Station of Police.' ' Do you know the lingo ?' the baronet bawled to him, as the driver touched his horse. ' Yes, yes,' he answered, ' wait for me here, Sir Eustace.' Tenminuteslaterho was face to face with the officer in charge of the central station. ' Is there a detective officer in Brussels,' he asked, ' who will undertake private business ?' • The official answered that there were several. ' Can you recommend me to a discreet and capable man in whom I can repose confidence. He may rely on being well paid.' The officer wrote out an address, George read it, thanked him for his courtesy and drove away again, ready to 6pend wit and effort, time and money, to save from justice the one man in the wholo world whom he had cause to hhte. 