Convalescent The many friends' of Mrs Macphereon, tbe eminent cookery lecturees, will be pleased to learn that that lady lias now nearly recovered f rcra a very severe attack of pneumonia. The illness was so severe that lire Macpherson has had an enforced Ftay of three weeks in the Alfred Hospi tal, but we are glad to say that, although not sufficiently etrong presume her work, sti'l she is well enough to get out, and hopes in the course of a few days to take dd her duties again. Snowball A novel and ingenious way to raise funds for the newly formed Legion of Relief in St. Kilda has been adopted under the above name. Tickets called CeDturioa I cards are handed to members, and each I member who receives such card is called | a captain. Each captrin undertakes to I obtain ten centurions who will collect 10s each. All- centurions will, in their turn undertake to collect le from ten persoas willing to relieve the existing distress Mr J. W. Chsdwick is secretary to the Legion, and may be found at 'The Block,' Collins- street. The Idlers We are in receipt from Manager Fred Pert, of a neatly printed programme, ac- I companied by a highly scented t3rpewritten epistle whicb informs us that The Idlm, (late Austral Dramatic Club), show in the Hibernian Hall Monday evening next, the 4th inst. Spitalfield'8 Weaver and Vnck, are the attractions, to bs played by such people as Messrs Phillips, Stan way, White, Menton, Colonso, Orford, Graham, and the Misses Thornton, Kelly, and Marian Ruth Dovan ; Milton conducts the orcbestra, whilst Idler Pett runs the show from the front. Monday evening next. The Merry Burglar. Housebreaking is carried on in the suburbs with a coolness and contempt for the police which certainly found its climax on Tuesday last, when the residence of Constable Williams was brok :n into be tween *he hours of 2.S0 and 4 p.m., and valuables to tbe amount of £8 carried away. The 6tolen property consisted of silver watch, gold locket, gold toothpick, gold brooch, gold sleeve links, and a grid sovereign msdal. Another housebreaker made a ' haul ' at the residence of Mrs M. Broadbent, 60 Hawksbiira-road, South Yarra, where he forced the dining-room window open with an axe, and carried away a gold pearl brooch, gold dress ring, with cluster of , stones (pansy shape), gold drees ring, sat with brilliants and torquoise stones, gold dress ring, set with a diamond and two sapphire?, gold neck chain, four Jubilee crown pieces, Jubilee half sovereign, and W a small nickel plated revolver. The value I ofthe stolen property is given as £20. I 'Charity Begins at Home-' I Simultaneous with the meeting; announc- I ed for last Monday evening, ,ii one of the I rooms of the St Kilda Town Hall, for tne purpose of organising a ' FrieDdly Belief Association,' to assist the distressed in Melbourne, a French comedy was per formed in the Town Hall for the benefit of the sufferers by the recent cyclone at Mauritius. There was a marked contrast ia the attendances on both occasions ; while a comparatively small number of ladies end gentlemen (about 60) showed I their patriotism and their true grit by put- I ting in an appearance at the meeting of I the ' Legion of Belief,' a large and bril- 1 liant assembly headed by the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun, took a more lively interest in the welfare of the 'cycloned Mauritians.' Amateur Actors' Ball It is almost needless for us to remind tbe numerous amateur Thespian6 residing in this district, tbat the long promised, often delayed festive night, under the auspices of the Australian Amateur Musi- I cal and Dramatic Association, takes place I in the Masonic-hall, the top end of Collins- I street, E., city, on the eve of Thursday 1 tbe 7th instant. The gathering will I assume the garb of a Grand Plain and I iancy dress ball, and is under the patronage I of his Excellency the Governor, who Ins I expressed his intention of being present, 1 as well aB numerous other influential citi- I zeus, who are anxious to rub shoulders I with Melbourne's most talented of ama- J tours. Both ladies and gentlemen's com- 1 mittees have been hard at work for some 1 considerable time past, planning the ar- I rangemente. This fact, coupled with the I phenomenal sale of tickets up to daf?, I convinces us that the affair cannot possibly 1 be other than an undoubted success. I Tickets may be obtained from any of the I leading Pranran amateurs. I -? — — ?'' SocialB Last Tuesday evening 'a Cinderella -dance was held in the Oddfollowe' Hall, Albert-street, Wind» -r, under the auspices of the promotersW the Saturday evening assemblies. Dancing, interspersed with einging, was kept up until a late hour, and ,in enjoyable eveningwas the result. Messrs Hennerty and Tliew, held one ot their popular 'late ni^hf aeBcniWieR lost Wednesday evening, ut the Q'leonR Hall, St. Kilda. Thure was a largv at tendance an- a £--od pr. gramme nf dan cing was gone through. Sings were contributed at interval-, and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves. 'A Change of Front ' Is not always to be commended in the political world, but business men often find it an advantage to '' go over to the other Bide.1' Mr. G. I). Upjohn, watchmaker and* jeweller, is a case in point. His former shop proving far too small for his increasing trade, he quite recently remov ed to larger Dremises opposite, 'f I-e3e he |)B6 had most handsomely renovated and fitted up to suit his trad1? requirements, and a glance at.liiR new ailvertise-nent will convince 1 1 in patrons an-l tha public generally th'it li-) has a stock well worthy of their inspection at 207 Cliiipel-6treet, Prahr.-n. Armadale Wesleyan Literary Society. The usunl nii-eting of the Armadale Wesleyan literary and debating society was held on Fri lav, June 24th. The Rev. E. O'Knee occupying the chair, the evening was devoted to lecitations and songs from ' Tennyson,' conducted by Mr R. Hain. Recitations were given by Messrs G. Peglar, J. A. Gault, R. Hain. J. Lee, A. Weller, and Miss Moran, and an excellent essay on ' the Princess ' was written by Miss Gault, and read by Mr R. Ham. Mrs Fox and Mr Seymour sang solos ; a glee ' Sweet and Low,' was well renderei by Misses M. Gault, Owen, and Messrs Seymour and Oheever. Mr Hain then addressed the audience in an admir able way on the beauties of Tennyson's Poems, which brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. The Armadale Ghost The ' ghost ' which lately played hi6 idiotic tricke at Elsternwick and East St. Kilda, has now transferred the scene of his actions to Armadale, where he put in his first appearance on Wednesday night. A boy named Mudgee, when walking along the line near the Armadale station, was startle! by a ghost-like apparition which rose from behind a fence. The boy ran for his lite, and was followed for some distance by the ' Ghost,1' which on his turning round threw some liquid in his fece inflicting severe pains in his eyes. The boy gave the alarm on reaching High-street, and a number of people went in pursuit of the 'Ghost,' but were unable to trace him. We understand that the local police are making great exertions to to ' lay low,' this' ghost ' which is really becoming a scourge in some of the suburbs Municipal Elections at St- Kilda Not much stir so far has been made in the elections at St Kilda, but for the South Ward Dr. Binder's name is freely mentioned. The doctor has for some considerable time past identified himself with eve.y movement for the advancement of the district, and seeing that sanitary science is playing such an important part in local governm.- nt, the doctor's professional knowledge would be of very great value to the council and the rate payers. We are sure Dr Hinder would prove a valuable acquisition to the council, and if he will consent to nomination there is not much fear but that he would be returned. Aiding the Widow and Orphans The variety concert which was held under the auspices of the Royal Dramatic Club at the Forrester's Hall on Tuesday last proved a great success from every point of view. A number of popular lady and gentlemen artists gave their assistance and the proceeds were in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr W. J. Moore, 6ignwriter, South 5Tarra, who met his death by an accidental fall. A long programme i consisting of 22 numbers was gone through, and the intervals were pleasantly filled by selections played by the South Yarra and Toorak Try Society band. Misses Bredin, Gray, Scrivenor, Hall, and Temple, and Messrs E. Ford, S. F. Edwards, Kortlang, and Saunder were the principal contribu tors to the nights entertainment, and a word of praise is also due to Mr Burton, the hon. sec, who, in conjunction with the committee, worked hard for a welldeserv ed success. St. Kilda Branch, A.N.A-. Half Yearly Meeting. The half-yearly meeting of the St Kilda branch of the A.N.A. was held a the St. Kilda Town-hall on Tuesday last, when the following officers were elected for the ensuing half-year :— President, Mr .A. Solberg (re-elected); vice-president, ? Mr V. Kemp ; Secretary, Mr W. H. Hart ley ; tre surer, Mr Appe ; assistant eecre tary, Mr V. Williams ; committee, Messrs Mannering, Oonden, D. King, and Emery ; auditors, Messrs Williams and Kemp. At the conclusion of the ordinary business Or Moore, of St. Kilda, was introduced to the meeting to deliver a lecture entitled, Loafing, Laziness, and Larrikinism.' ?There was a large attendance of members ana visitors, among whom we noticed the Hon. Geo. Turner, M.L.A.. Ore Marriott and Stedeford, of St. Kilda, Or Long and Mr Secretary Jowett, of the Caulfield ohire Council, Messrs Stnellie, Fitzsim mons, and othere. Or Moore, who wss received with cordial applause, said he had much pleasure in acceding to the request made by the membbrs of the A.N.A. of 'us branch to deliver this lecture, and he trjistod that it would not lose by repetition, ine lecture had been delivered before the cankers' Institute, and some portions re terred to bankers in particular, but he had not omitted them, and trusted those present would bear with them. At the close of the ecturo the Uon. Geo. Turner moved a ueaity vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was carried by acclamation. t . Table Football We have 'received from Messrs T. M. Donaldson and Co. a sample of Table Foot ball. It represents a field with 20 players or circles on each side, with goal posts erected at each end. an1 the game is played by two .persons. There are the usual little marks in this, interesting game, also free kicks al lowed for kicking out of bounds, and it should become a very popular home game. Death of Mrtfohnkoonah; J# At the rising of the St. Kilda Police Court, on Friday morning, the chairman, (Cr. M arriot), referred to the demise of Mr John Noonan, J. P., who did on the 27th inst., at his residence, Jackson street, St. Ki.da. His Worship the Mayor, Cr. Moore, Mr O'Donnell and Inspector Webb, on behalf of the police spoke in eulogistic terms, about the m ,ny sterling nualities which had made Mr Noonan one of the raott popular and just magistrates in the district. New Prahran Station. Tlio Hon. the Minister of Railways has notified his intention of receiving a depu tation from the Prahran council, on the subject of a ne station at Prahran, on Tuesday next, 5th inst., at 11 a.m., at Spencer.slreet offices. The members for the district have been asked to attend, and there should not be much difficulty in making out a good case, providing there lire any funds available. Hawksburn Try Society. On Monday next there is to be a special night at the Hawksburn Try Society's Hall, when a programme of songs, recita tions, gymnastic performances etc., will be given. Admission is by silver coin. Mr Forster wi'l be glad to see a large attendance to help him in the good work in which he is engaged. Fresh Fish and Oysters May be obtained at Mr. Thomas Starks Oyster Saloon, in Chapel-street. Mr. Stark, who is now carrying on the busi, ness lately known as titark and Bishop, announces that ' the luscious bivalve' may be obtained fresh at all hours, and that he has always a good stock of poul try and fish on hand. Should the Franchise be granted to Women ? On Thursday night there was a capital attendance at the Mt Erica Wesleyan Literary Society, when the evening was devoted to a discussion of the question — ' Should the franchise be granted to wo men ?' The Rev. H, Moore occupied the chair, and the discussion proved intensely interesting, the pros and cons being argued in a very hearty style. Mr B. Minns opened in the affirmative, and Mr A. Mather took the negative, Messrs Lumley, McLennan, Drakard, Pearce, and Preston a'l urged the claims of women to vote, whilst Messrs Westbrook, Heath, and Sharpewere opposed. Rome veiy impor tant points were brought out, and when the vote was taken, there were 19 in favor of woman suffrage, 11 against, and C neu tral. The evening proved most enjoyable, and if the interest can be as fully main tained at future meetings, the success of the session will be assured. Prahran Art Gallery. The city librarian acknowledges with thanks the receipt of eleven pictures from Mr Wilson senr., towards the collection now be:ng formed in the School of Arts. The list is as follows .-—England and America; Edinburgh by moonlight; The bridal morn; The Heads ct sunset; In the Ranges; Edinburgh in 1886; Origin of Sunday schools; Old and new Edinburgh; Baptism o* the Covenanters; Port Jackson; and Entrance to Port Jackson. A number of donations, aud loans of pictures and other items of inlerest have been promised and there is every reason to suppose that the collection will gradually develop into something worthy of the city. A few loans at the present time from collectors would help materially in this direction. It will be some little time yet before the gallery will be sufficiently advanced for anything like a formal opening, but, in the meantime, visitors may inspect it dur ing the daytime. Baptist Church, Balaclava The usual Temperance meeting in con nection with tb.3 above church was held on Wednesday evening laBt, and proved to be one of the most successful of the present series. The pastor, the Rev. Thos. Evans, presided, and, after the opening exercises, delivered a short speech. Among the best items on the programme were two songs by Mr Q. Laner. who also delivered a most animated address. Master W. Ormond, Misses Ross, Symmonds, Byles, Smith, and Freeman, and Messrs H- Jen kins, Finlayson, and Baker, made up one of the best programmes given. An the last Sunday lantern lecture was such a success, another will be given on Sunday evening, and at the next temperance meeting Mrs Head, of Richmond, and the talented Garbett family, from Garlton, will occupy the time. St- Kilda Try Excelsior Class A very successful meeting of the above was held on Thursday evening last, the president, Rev. T. E. Evans, occupying the chair. The chairman read e letter from His Excellency the Governor, who takes a deep interest the welfare of the community, especially in any good work of this character, and who manifested his practical sympathy by sending a cheque towards the funds. Several additions to games for the boys have been made, and it is satisfactory to find that the move ment is gaining the sympathy of the public. Mr Forster of the Hawksburn Try Society addressed the boys, and also presented them with a gong and two sets of quoits. Recitations, songs,, etc. were given by the boys, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. The president asks for the hearty co-operation of all well wishers of the rising generation who are willing to assist by their presence at the meetings. There is excellent material to work upon, and it only needs hearty co operation to bring the work to a success ful issue. Distress Belief. ' The Mayor of Prahran, Cr Maddock, has received the sum of £7 from the lecture of Mr BradshBW on AnEilo-IsraeliBm, and a truck of firewood and load of provisions from the central relief fund. Ptovisions were also distributed on Saturday last fromSt. Matthew's echqol, and , the same will ? take -place ' to-day betweln ;3 and 5 p.m. ' A rueeiing ot the \oca\ cleruy has been called far ,W«tries'lay next,.at2 p.m., at llie'Miyprii room, to discuss the neces sity for combined action in connection with the distribution of relief. The Mayor wishes it to be understood that the addresses of families in urgent need msy be sent to him at the town hall. Helping the Poor The Rev A. R. Blackett announced from his pulpit last Sunday week that gifts of tea, sugar, bread, &c;, could be sent to the schoolroom, and they would be distributed on Saturday afternoons among the poor of the parish. In response, several dona tions of money were sent to Mr. Blackett, and on last Saturday afternoon St. Mat thew's schoolroom resembled a soiall store, where goods of all kinds had been thoughtfully provided by many kind friends. Sugar, tea, flour, oatmeal, bread, joints of meat, rabbits, &c;, there were in abundance. During the afternoon no less than thirty-two families were supplied with some of the good things, and the distribution will be continued this after noon. The arrangements for the distribu tion were carried out by the members of St Matthew's Children's Ministering League, under the superintendence of Mrs Maddock and some of the Sunday School teachers,.and great credit is due to them for the able manner in which they performed their arduous duties. South Yarra Wesleyan Mutual Im provement Association. ' An evening with die committee,' was the title of the subject for the evening at the weekly meeting of the South Yarra Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Associ ation held last Monday. The senior vice President, Mr D. Davies, occupied the chair, and the following members of com mittee and officeis, viz.: Messrs A. Brad shaw. E. Joynt, E. Martin, and Messrs H. Martin, J. it. Pescott, and A. T. Sharpe, contributed a number of interesting and instructive readings. Amongst the papers read may be specially mentioned *' Enthu siasm,' ' What is to be the Universal Language,' and 'Should Woman Pro pose,' each of which were freely discussed by the members present. Drowning at St. Kilda A St. Kilda fisherman named Arthur Thomas, reported to the local police on Tuesday morning having found a man's hat on the beach, between Kenney's and and Hegarty's baths. The discovery, added to a report made to Thomas at half past ten o'clock on Monday night that he had heard sounds similar to those of a drowning man off the pier, lead the au thorities to believe that someone had been drowned, either by accident, or by wilful act of his own. Steps were taken to drag the locality in search of the body, and it was recovered on Tuesday, and was iden tified as that of a young man named Michael Reidy, about 35 years of age. who had been missing from his home at North Melbourne for the last day or two. Recovery of Stolen Goods. A large quantity of stolen goods was recovered by Senior Constable Ashton and Constable Kennedy of Kew, and Plain Clothes Constable Wilcox of Prahran, at a house in Mills-street, Albert Park, occu pied by Queen and a woman named Alice Green. They had been under the surveill ance of the Prahran police for some time having only lately moved to Albert Park.. A large number of burglars tools were discovered, and on a search being made the proceeds of a robbery lately committed at Armadale were found. Also part of proceeds of other robberies committed at Kew and Prabran. The prisoners were remanded by the Prabran bench. A Self-Denial Week The congregation of St. Matthew's Church have been practising 'self-denial' during the past week. Meetings for prayer have been held every morning at 7 o'clock in the church, and notwithstand ing the cold weather, a large number of persons attended. On Monday and Tues day evenings prayer meetings were also held in the schoolroom. On Wednesday night a special service was held in the church, followed by a prayer meeting in the schoolroom. On Thursday night a meeting of the Gleaners' Union was held, at which papers on missions were read, and on Friday night a Band of Hope was inaugurated in connected with the Sunday School. Singing practices have also been held during the week. The whole of this work is in preparation for a week of mission services which are to be held in the church during the com ing week. These meetings will be held every evening during the week, commenc ing at half-paBt 7. The musical portion of the services will be rendered by a large choir, who will sing from 6even till half past, and also lead the singing throughout the mission. St. Matthew's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society. The above society held their usual quarterly uocial on Friday, 24th inst. There was a large attendance of members and friends, and a most enjoyable evening was spent by all. The platform was tastefully decorated with shaded art muslin, and the catering arrangements reflect credit on the members and committee. Everything was perfect. During the course of the evening the following pro gramme was rendered: — Vocal solos — Mibs Dridley, ' Banished ' ; ' The old Sexton,'' by Mr Roiner; 'Wishes and Dishes,' sung by Miss Calhoun ; ' Remember me no more,' by Miss Brown ; ' Our Jack's come home to-day,' Mr Luxton ; 'Beauty sleep,' Miss Show ; Mr Frank Cerruthy was excellent in 'Dear old England ; Miss M. -Hogg recited a new piece, entitled ' Marie,'1 in her usual splendid style, and fu'ly merited the applause tendered. A vocal duet toy the Misses Cook ' In the depth of twilight,' was also well rece'ved. To the Misses Hoareanl Cross, and Messrs J. Roumainip and J. (John, the company was indebted for pianoforte selections, which helped to pass a most socinble evening. RAO.B Phoenix Lodge Tc c ordinary weekly meeting of the above lodge was held last Monday, the S.P., L. Cameron, in the chair. Messrs R. D. Brooke and AV. S. Griffen were duly transmogiified into quadrupeds by the S. P., assisted by Sir Harry Davy (sec. of the Excelsior), and Sir John Hay ward, K.O.M.S The harmony of the evening was opened by Primo Ireland rendering 'The lost key' (Jude). Primo Stone. sang ' Why must we say good-bye?1' Bro Maloney followed with ' Angels are hovering round.' Bro Pooley gave ' I'll have 'em bye anil bye.' Bro Winter, ' Maid of Athens,' in which his tenor was heard to advantage. The Phoenix nightin gale sang 'Love's own sweet song,' and latsr on (by request) ' Touch the liarp gently.' Bro Maloney ' asserted that 'It make you careful,' and as an encore, ' Oh, what a difference in the morning'.1' Bro Ford sang the ' Buffalo policeman,' the newly initiated Bro Griffen, 'Weiring of the green,' Primo Stevens, ' Van 'der duker,' Bros Pooley and Lander, ' Two mariners bold,' Piiuio Kortlang sang 'Sitting in the twilight.' Professor Sexton gave his inimitable club swinging, and the harmony of the evening was brought to a close by Bro Maloney in ' Ta-ra-ra-boom.' During the evening the election and installation of officers took place, and the S.P., L. Cameron, in instalb'ng Sir John Hayward, K.O.M., as his successor, said it was needless for him to dilate upon the sterling qualities of Sir J. Hayward as P.P. for they were well known, and only hoped that he might derive as much pleasure as he (Primo Cameron) had done from holding the exalted position. Sir John Hayward. in reply, said that during his term of office he should observe the most strict interpretation of the duties attached to the office, and hopsd to see other younger aspirants to the position on the expiration of his term. Sir Harry Davey installed the remainder ? ofthe officers. CM., Piimo Kortlang ; C.C., Bro Ford ; C.B., Bro Winter; C.P., Primo McKenzis , C.T., Bro Launder ; C.R., Primo Stones ; C.R., the G.O.M. (Fi-irno Edwards) ; A.B., Treas. and Host, Primo Duff ; C. Sec, Primo Cooke. The greatest enthusiasm prevailed, and not content with this some Bros., when ordinary mortals bad surrendered to the in fluence of Morpheus, serenaded Sir John. Hayward at his private rendcice as a tribute to his popularity. The forthcoming concert on the 14th inst. hss been honored by th,e patronage ofthe Governor, the Minister of Education and others, and the programme will be a miracle of variety. 