Two IMerimn CHiosf TBf M7 Some years a 20 a youuq; man came to Chicago from Germany. His father had cut him off from his annuity. Hb lived in the same house where I lived. -He finally obtained a place in one of the big grain elevators. I do uofc know what the place was except that he had something to do on the top lioorj away up under the roof. Several men were employed witTa. him in the same place. OnS day while he was dusting he suddenly stopped and asked his assistants who that nicely dressed, oldmant was that was standing back thereob^bi the shaft. Strangers are never allowed; in these big elevators, and to see oriel there, well dressed, was enough to excite comment. His companions looked in the direction indicated, and said they saw no one. He insisted, and when they laughed at him he went to the place where he saw the figure standing. On his approach it vanished. The young man fainted. He recovered and then asked his companions to make a note of the occurrence, the date and the time of day. He said the figure he saw was that of his father. In 12 dayB he received a letter from the old country tell ing him of his father's death. The date and time agreed with the date and time of the occurrence I have described. The letter informed him that his father had forgiven him and remembered him in his will. He returned to the fatherland, got his portion of the estate, and is living there now. You may say what you please, but I have never felt like scoffing at a spiritualist from the time I heard this story. The spirit of that boy's father appeared to him on the top floor of that elevator. The ghost of Mrs. Teresa Mettman, the woman who was murdered on the Fort Leaven worth reservation by little Benson, appears at the scene of the murder precisely at noon every day. She dresses in white and sometimes: carries her dismembered foot, and occasionally the bloody saw with which the foot was cut off. A bluish vapor surrounds the apparition, and in a few seconds it disappears, to return at mid night, when it keeps up a shrieking racket. All of which is proof that the quality of Leavenworth whisky is growing worse, if such a thing be possible. 