THE S.S. HIIMALAYA. In a little more than another month we will have one of the magnificent new liners of the P. and 0. Company in Port Jackson (says the Ausbralian Star), and if the fleet of four steam ships of the Britannia typo which were specially built to commemorate the jubilee of the senior steam- shipping company of the world created a sensation on their arrival, what may fairly be expected of the latest and proudest additions to the fleet which take rank among tka warships of the world ? The " special" of the Pall Mall Budget had a fair opportunity of comparing the Himalaya, the sister ship to the Australla, so soon to arrive in Australian waters, with the premier steamships of the world, and they are only to be found to the pitch of perfectionon the great Atlantic ferry. Hero is how our contemporary refers to the maiden trip of the Australian mall and passenger express liner:-" he huge, splendlily found, fast steamship Himalayn, of 7000 tons and 10,000 horse- power, is lying placidly off old Tilbury Fort, from whoeo ead-coloured gate the ghosts of good ' Quoon Bess' and the celebrated burleoque ' Gosornor of Tilbury Fort' In the play must have looked out with wonder and alarm. This 'floating palace,' according to the accepted phrase, is about to try her wings, or screw, and the open-handed OP. and 0.' have bidden down someo 150 guoe.t for a pleasant cruise. No form of publio hospi tality, I fancy, is'eo agreeable, or so original in its form, as this. It far exceeds slt country house-nay, ducal house - entertainmont. . The grand ship lay all that evening and night off the Fort, while everyone studied their new hotel and took stock of the company. Here, indeed, were all sorts and conditions of men, as well as of professions, aollings, and abilities. ... It wa pleeasant, towards mil. night after the banquet in the saloon to find one. self tranquilly smoking on deck, looking out dreamily at the highly picturesque portion of the river, at Oraveoaad, with its copper spires and clustered houses, suggesting a Dutch town. In the morning the steamship was under way. and on passing Ramsgato the trumpeter wound out a cheerful invitation to breakfast in the lofty saloon, where some hundreds may feast like one, and with luxurionu comfort-a fine apartment, seggesting the table d'hotel hall in some foreign hotel, the iron beams and girders being disguised in elegant mouldings and reliefs, from the designs of an accomplishod •architeot then on hoard. It wou!d tako longer, h"owever, to atudy the rlevices and nttractions of this wonderful vessel." The trip to Chor. bourg, and the salutes and festivities ecoorded to the vessel and oexcursionists are graphically told, 