pLD COTJNTBYrN-OTES. (ritoM on« own coitnllsí¿íÍDr.sT.) London, January 22! With the deaths and burials of the* Duke of Clarenco and Cardinal Manning absorb- ing -all public attention, and making London a really dismal place of mourn ing, othor topics become insignificant. Still, whoover passes nway, whatever sorrow overwhelms, the affairs of the world move on. Two days ago I may there- fore mention that the Times published the correspondence between the governor of the Bank of England, Sir James Garrick, and Sir S. AV. Griflith about the Queensland loan, but that the other papers were too absorbed with the Duke of Clarence's funeral to spare space for such a subject. PniNCE EnME. I can easily understand that you in Bris- bane wero as much excited and honestly grieved as we were when last week the condi- tion of the Duke oí Clarence and Avon- dale and his death on Thursday wero tolo grapbed actoss the seas. And no wonder, for there is a world of pathos in the story ot" his swift transition from thoughts of marriage bolls to the silence of the tomb. I wonder whether the malignant brethren of the pen who have never missed, but rathor often invented, an opportunity of ridiculing him, felt any regrets when the news came that he was dead ? There wero so few scandals associated with his name that his luckless cuffs and collars (which no doubt were in especial and ampio evidence) often mntle a stick for his shouldors in the hands of the Philistines. To be sure there is this to be said-ho was little known personally to the English public. His absence at son, and on travels and duty with his ' regiment, kept him out of the general eye. Now we aro hearing of his amiable and affectionate disposition, and all the good qualities that can be recalled are marshalled in line, and naturally made the most of. Nor shall I be one to speak otherwise thau well of the dead. Truth to say I could not an I would. Off and on, in anil out, I havo seen hira in nearly all the public ceremonies in which ho has appeared in this country, and in Ireland, when he accompanied his father and mother during their memorable tour a few years ago ; and it is, therefore, as one who can speak with some authority, that I add my modest contiibution of material to the facts from which his history may bo written, and his charactor estimated. Always was I impressed with the gravity, not to say melancholy, of his expression of coun- tenance. For so young aman, horn in the purple, and with, so far as human eye could perceive, every advantage for tho making of happiness, tins trait liad a peculiar efiocfc upon one who studied him. It instantly kindled iu your breast a fire of sympathy for him. There is a gravity that comos front a haughty spirit, from a sottled remorse, from a theatrical notion of dignity. But the chronic gravity of tho young Hussar officer wa3 due partly lo temperament arid partly to ill-health, the existence of which was ge.ievolly concealed. He performod his duties in his regiment, joined in all manner of out-of-door sports and social functions, but soon became weary. Then, at timos, there was a sallowness of hue, which much increased the gravo aspect, and there was thon a yoarn ing loo): in the eye. It was the rarest thing to catch him smiling ; but ho was | almost handsome when he did so. On the day when the German Emperor went i to Guildhall he was in one of the bright humours, and smiled most sweetly, as ho gave a brief society nod to his acquaintance?. As a rule, vvhilo his father and other members of the family woro convulsed with laughter, his features novor relaxed, and I saw him once at j a ceremony promoted entirely in his honour I tho most apparently uninterested of tho wholo t company. Yet thero was novor a suggestion of morosity or o£ ill temper in this peculiarity, which, as I have said, enlisted nothing but friendly sympathy. I A-good speaker ho would never have been, and he required tho friendly aid of tho manu- script to got on at all desentty. Por this reason, probably, ho never mado speeches if it could bo avoided. There was one occasion whore a spiteful evening paper reported a short speech made at a charity meeting' verbatim. It was done to îaise a laugh, though the reporter who put in nil the hums and ba's, and some actual mistakes of speech and metaphor, knew that it was the result of an accident, not to say au act of kind- ness. The Duke-ha waa only Prince Albert Victor then-had come to the plaoe, as usual, provided with notes ns to the history ancl virtues of the charity which ho was supporting, bul not expecting lo bo called upon at onco ho had lont his notes to the reporter of the Timen. When he was called upon somewhat suddenly to speak the borrower of the notes could not be found, and so the Prince did the bo3t ho could in the extempore lino of oratory, and did not succeed, Indeed he was just about as con- fused as most young men " unaccustomed to publia speaking" would have boen, and did neither bettor nor worse than heaps of speakers wli03o addresses aro kiudly touched up by the judicious stenographer. xiio opinion in ljondon, Irom the hrst an- nouncement of the illness, was almost unani- mous that the Prince would not recover. And I may add in this connection, that not only in tho metropolis but throughout the country, somehow, it was alwayn said, "He will never come to tho throne." Even on Tuesday of last week, when tho bulletins posted up at the Mansion House, and on the gatos of Marl- borough House, gava some hope ot improve , mont, tho worst was steadily predicted. Around Sandringham, and in that part of Norfolk which claims neighbourship with the royal residonco, no ono, however, believed that there was any special dangor. Rut as a matter of fact all tho while from AVodnesday morning there wero private telegrams sent from Sandringham House to the clubs and public offices, which prompted the swift-winged whisper, " No hope." The consternation in London and the excitement will bo long re momberod. There has been nothing like it sinco tho Prince ot Wnlos was supposed to be dying in 1S71, nnd it is no more figure of spoeoh to say that a heavy cloud of grief sottled upon London when the news of tho death boenmo known to nil. It is worthy of note that the speoial newspaper corre- spondents within a mile of Sandring- ham, and the inhabitants close to the walls had tho new3 from London before an official proclamation was posted up there ; and some apparent discrepancy in time in the messages sent by the Prince of AA'ales and the officiais was duo to the oireunistanco that the clocks at Sandringham House are kept fast, and also to the fact that, in the distress and con- fusion, the exact time was never noted by anyono. The last breath was between 9 and a quarter-past 'J o'clock. The Press people sent down to Sandringham were never allowed inside of tho private grounds. Information was rigorously, and one might almost say curtly refused them. They were told that they were not wanted, nnd that all information which it was desired to publish would be forwarded officially from Marlborough House. No one could, perhaps, complain of this, for Sandringham is a private residence. But one of tho unfortunate results is that the most preposterous accounts have appeared. The story, for example, of Princess liny making an hysterical scene at the death-bed, all in true '" Family Herald " tone, is pure notion. The Princesses, one and all, were self-controlled. If anyone broke down it was the Prince of AA'ales. The plain fact is that no newspaper man saw the Duke of Olarence after h's denth except tho vo'e an William Simpson, of the Illustrated London New, and he is such un old friend of the Prince ot Walo3 and Sir Dighton Probyn, that the preference very properly was his. At the same time thera never was a passing away of n Royal personage in our times as to which there was so little information given to the public, who were all agapn for personal details. Perhaps there was nothing to give beyond the painful statement that for the last twenty-four hours at least the duke was either delirious or unuonscious. Tim funeral was as simple as it could be made, but some military pomp was necessaiy both at Sandringham and Windsor, and the Prince of AVales himself wished that there should be no mere undertakers' business in connection with the ceremony. This will no doubt set a fashion, and tend to the abolition of plumes, cloaks, and hatbands. The mutca have well-nigh disappeared, but you see them sometimes even now. Cabdinai, Masnixg. Yesterday there was another great funeral With all tho splendidly impressive ritual of the Boman Catholic Church, the good and creal Cardinal Manning was laid to rest in Kensal Green. Deputations from all sorts and con ditions of men wero present, for there was no* worthy work to which this simple-minded self denying Christian did not give ¿is adhesion He died on tho same day and almost at the soma hour as the young Duke of Clarence, in the Archbishop's house, Westminster. Ho parsed gently and peacefully away, surrounded bj"his faithful friends. For some time past the ased cardinal had been ailing, but nothing serious was feared, and it was hoped that he would speedily rally. On the Wednesday morninc however, the bronchitis reached an acute stace and Sir Andrew Clark, when summoned, could" give no hops. So the last sacrament of the Boman Catholic Ohurch was administered Father Dillon, of Bayswater, officiating, and' Bishop Vaughan, of Salford, and the cardinal's private secretar)-, Canon Johnson, being al=o present. A much more touohing scene whs enaèud that samo afternoon. In tho plain, unpretend- ing little bedroom which Cardinal Manning has always occupied, at the very top of I1Í3 house, his six canons, in the dioceso of West- minster, dressed in the gorgeous robes of their office, grouped themselves round his bed to hear his Professions of Faith. Though exces- sively weak, hi3 indomitable will enabled him to closely follow the reading by Provost Gilbert. He himself held a copy of the service, and would now and again say some- thing to emphasize a certain passage. The service boing finished, he blessed the little band, and embraced them as well as his failing strength would permit. On hearing that theio was a slight improvement in the state of the Dtiko of Clarence ho fervently ejaculated " Thank God." Early on Thursday morning, 14th January, ho lost consciousness, nnd by (J o'clock all was over. Soon after his death bi3 will was opened, hut it was found that his worldly estate was small, the large sumqholiad spent during his lifetimo on his poorer fellow creatures of all creeds, having seriously impaired his fortune. The furniture of the room in which this prince of the Church died was simple in the extiome, consisting only of a wardrobe, an armchair, and a washstand, and ho always slept on a camp bed. The body was brought down to the reception-room and placed on a crimson couoh fringed with gold. It lay in state for days, and troop3 of people went through. Green palm trees and alfar candles woro placed around, while the walls wera hung with blaok cloth dotted with silver stars. The room was not lighted except for the candles before mentioned. The Cardinal was clothed, not in now and glittering garments, but in the well worn clothes in which lie was accustomed to celebrate High Mass. The white mitre had lost its glo3s; the dark purple chasuble its sheen, nnd the roso pink was hardly discernible; oven his hat gleamed no longer scarlet, but ro3tcd almost neglected at tho dead man's feet. But in contrast to all this shone out his jewels and ornaments. On ono of his clasped banda gleamed his ring, and beside bim lay the pastoral staff ombroidered with pveoious stones, while above him was the ctozlor. But more striking than all was tho calm pale face lying p eaceful and quiet. Boforo tho public wero admitted several repre- sentativos from the different lloman Catholic bodies vvqre admitted, and priosti and nuns from'all'parts carno in to assist in watching the corpso night and day till its interment. At 11 o'clock on' Saturday morning tho people entered and wore admitted by relays into tho death chamber. It was a scene that the dead priest would have loved to behold. Old and young, rich and poor, Catholic and Protestant, together passed solemnly and 8lowly through the room, only pausing to mutter a prayer for the de- parted. Nearly nil woro some token of mourn- ing, no matter how Blight, even the poor ragged Irish from the veriest Blums of London had some morsel of crape. Over 100,000 persons visited his lying in state. - On the Tuesday night, in the same clothes, the body was carried in a polished mahogany coffin to the Oratoty at Brompton, to await his final interment at Kensal Green on the Thursday. The public were allowed to enter the church to view the coffin, on which rested his Cardinal's cap and biretta. Yesterday, in a thick fog, a splendid service was held, Santley singing in the Dies Iræ, and the procession to the cemetery was a memorable scene. A Peterborough correspondent writes to the Daily Ncips :r§The people of Petorboiough are greatly distuioed concerning the extraordinary proceedings of a ghost. Some months ago a small house in Mayor's-walk was to let, and it was taken by a railway man named Bimes, whoso fnmily consisted of his wife, brother, wifo's biother, and tbreo children. Ever since going into the house they have been subject to tho mo3t extraordinary and terrifying expe- riences until they wero driven from the place. For a long time they believed thoy were being made the subject of a practical joke, and every means was adopted to discover tho perpetrators. Neighbours and otheis were called in, who sat up at nights watching, but they lied from the place in terror. A private detective, who had boon successful m exposing impostures of a ghostly character, was also called in, but he lied before the morning dawned. Whilst the inmates wero in bed an invisible hand lifted the bed olothes and throw them on the floor. The doors would be shaken with great vio- lence. On one such occasion a door was partly broken, although Himes was in the room at the time. But perhaps the most terrifying part ot the proceedings was the unearthly noises that accompanied these manifestations. One witness states that it was like a portion of the house falling in with a crash. Another de- scribed it as though a cart-load of bricks had been tipped up in the house. Tho noises varied, and occasionally were like a table laden with crockery being overturned. The private de- tective says he heard what he imagined to be a sack of coals drawn along the landing, and then thrown down the stairs. Strange to say, how- ever, although the noise3 were so great as to alarm all the neighbours, nothing in the house was over found displaood. The visitations were almost invariably preceded by a low humming noise, as if caused by a rushing wind. The neighbours declare that their houses have been shaken as if by the reports of cannon. The noisos wero not always so dreadful. The Friday before Christmas Day, and the last night but one of the old year, were said to be the worst, and tho noises on those days aro said to have been most hideous, while several of the other houses in the vicinity were shaken, and the residents were awakened by the noise and greatly alarmed. The Peterborough AAverWer^ published the evidence of a number of witnesses who had volunteered to watch in and about .je house, and all declare themselves incapable ot explaining the extraordinary phenomena the., witnessed and experienced. The deepest bass sound in music is Prod°cfd by thirty-two vibrations in a second, and tue highest treble note by 15,000. 