Storycttes \- 9+ In an Albany club tihe wine lar was t strangely 'epleted of its contents Bottle I alter bottle of chnampague disappe d, and ' locks seemed no bar against th thirsty thieves. Finally a new superinten t was placed in charge, and he seemed to man of an ingenious turn of mind. lie new locks upon the cellar, but hedid n mean ml I to place his dependence wholly p iron tri I bolts. So he secured a remarkr.b ugly I bull-bog, with a very misanthropic pesl-. i 1 tion, andsbut him in the cellar. T re the i di I brute stays all the time, exc4pt for lf an I u I hour daily, when he is given a run the ia sunlight. The dog has no taste for am' i bh pague, and now thoe wine stays whereit is w put until it is wanted in the cafe. s There has never been an instanQ of I 6 "gr.tuseaess"like the visit of the kkes ti do ?ivernais, in the seventeenth centur to w his dying stewardnt. Wishing to see jow L matters stood with the poor fellow, he b duke stepped into the roam, and had bhe h extreme condescension to make perseal tl inquiry into the state of his health. a The steward, utterly bewildered by he ii honor, raised himself in bed with grtat dilliculty, and said, in a tone of the mist a abject humility : " I hope your grace will not be offended at my dying in your presence" " The duke, deeply touched, answered: "Not in the least, my good friend; do not mind me." Whereupon, the steward availed himself of the gracious permission of his master, and gave up the ghost. Professor Delbruck has recently pub lished some intereounge souvenirs about the I Emperor Frederick the Third and his Sfamily. Here is an amusing anecdote about the order that reigned in the household while I Frederick was Crown Princee: Oine day the Crown Princess said to the butler, one of the oldest servants and one I who had the seputation of having a will of 1 his own: " 1 ordered some Apollinaris water several weeks ago, and should like to taste it; has it not yet arrived i" 5 The oul domestic replied: '" Imperial lHi.hness, there is still in the cellar a lot of bottles of seltzer water that must be drunk litrt 1" All the persons at table broke out into laughter. The Crown Prince, after having him self joined in the hilarity, said, in a cerioum o'IMy friend, when the Crown Princess orders you to do anything, I beg )outoohey her." "One day," said a veteran, in a recent interview with Eli l'erkins, I suet an o:d soldier who had b-'cn wounded in the face. and when I asked him in what battle he had been injured, he said: "k go- it at the first day at Shiloh, 'But how could you get hit in the face at Shiloh?' I asked. 'Well, sir,' said he, half apologetically, *after I had run a mile or two I got carelesa and looked back.' This story reminds me of how one of Eli wortlhs Fire Zouavrs killed his first Con federate. le eanl tl;t he marched out to i the battle of buils ulen, and when about half way there, he smet a Johnny Iob. It ambush. ' What did you' do then ?' I asked. ' Well, sir,' he answered, I drew out my revolver and he drew out his bowie-knile, and then I took the lead from the start, and kept it clear into Washington city, and-' 'But how did you kill the man ?" ' Run him to'ueath,' was the reply." In "making up" newspapers, or the picing together of different paragraphs into columns, two separate items will, some. times, be jumblea together and most amuse in "results anlp,ar. r I'renen ne W.-paper ca. i ..a UpCC·LU of this kind of mixture : " Dr. X. has been appointed head physi. clan to the io1utal ae la Charite. JOruers have been iss?ed by the authorities for the immediate e:ctension of the Cimetiere de 'arnaose." The New Baven journal, some time ago made a curious jumble tt two items. One read: "A large cast.iron wheel, revolving nine hundred t.imes a minute, exploded is this city yesterday, alter a lung and painful ill. ness. lece.sed was a prominent thirty saeouid deglee Mason." The other paragrapld detailed how: "John Fauden, the vwell?nown florist and real estate broker, of Newport, R.I., died to Wardiner and Russell's sugar mill, at Cr). stal Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable damage to the buslding and injuring several workmen severely." Ben.Jonson was once reqls:sted to revise some proofs full of typograpilical and other errors, but he duelineu, and recommended that they should be sent to the houseof cor. reotion. MI any anecdotes are narrated to illus. trate toe tact required in dealing with lunatics. Among the inmates of an asylum was a man who was consideren perfectly harmless, but who, having no home was allowed to remain there, being employed to show t visitors around. ( The doctor went on the roof with him one day to see about repairing it, when the man suddenly turned and suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Im mediately toe doctor relihed : "No, don't let's do that. Any one can jump down. Let's go down and see ifwecan jump up." I The lunatic considered the point " well t taken," and agreed. The head ot a private asylum in England was in the bath- room watcuing a numberof t lunatics bathe, when one of them called out, I "Let's duck the dEctor l" and they all I took up the cry. I Seeing his danger, the doctor said at once: S"All right boys; but euppose you give a cheer lor him first." And the hoise of their cheering brought the keepers to his rescue. The same doctor was in a room with a Slunatic, who, by some mea.ns, had possessed himself of acarving Inifa. The lunatic informed him gravely that he Shad been ordained by God to cut him into [ little pieces, and, much as he regretted it,he I should be obliged to do it. '* Very well," said the doctor; "of course, if that is the case, I shall make no attempt to prevent you; bat I see your knife needs sharpening. Allow meto fetch a grindstone for you." I Anid n objection being raised, the quick. I witted doctor made his e.cale. Old man (solemnly). " Mly young friend, I who was that who just askel you to go and have a drink 1" Young man: "Baginey Jones. He's a friend of mine." I Old man (with cortisued solemnity): " Nay, my young friend, le is an enemy of yours." Young man: "Well, ] don't know but what you're right. Barney gave me two or three sure things on yeserday's races that Smade me walk home. You can't tell Snowadays, old man, bhe your friends are." One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own Are, I Be A remarkable aetlis, in which Pope Leo XIII.is the defendet. is shabout to be tried Sbefore the Civil Triunal of Montdider, near Ameins. Some m ths ago the MIarchioness de PIleases Believ died, leaving a will by : which she left thtulk of her property, real and personal, tos Pope. The will is dis. puted by the narlal heirs of the deceased lady-collateral-on the ground that the t Pope, being a piritual sovereigs, cannot acqupire properf o crfcbh soile 