Ulie WomiiiSieyiim (Caves. Koad. (To the Editor J, Sm'— ?n ? recc't i3suo of your paper, you re-publish a letter from the Australian Star signed ' Retrenchment,' in ^'ch the writer, burnine with economic and patriotic zeal (at the rate of 5 small volcano), in the most abject terms bcseechcs tho Honorable the Minister for Works, to put hia foot Oil the 'alleged 'scandalous waste of public moneys ' that would result in constructing the road to the Caves from this district, and, after ratline about ' nulin''3 and cuttincn' nn t).n ? ? i _--5 (who ever heard of a road without them) he winds up with a wail about the expenee of a bridrro to cross the Wollomlilly. What a mare's -mt Who hut he ever said that a bridce would be wanted ' The river (except of course during floods) being for'dablo requires no bridge, and aa tourists and excursionists don't generally go 'outing' in flood times, thev very naturally won't require a bridge to cross the river. This writer further alleges— without a grab) of truth— that a few wealthy people about Bowral aro the only persons wanting this road ; hut what about 'RntrC1,1-(;!'n'nt' himself, -instead of across tho \\\ ollondilly is he not really thinking of the nro verbial political bridge, and which, of course he naturally wants ' agin Ms own door' ; and as nu advocate only, is he, or 13 ho not, tubsUlistd bv two or three wealthy publicans at Taralga and Goulburn to 0pph30 our road ? And ia he not simplv tho moiithpieco of a few individuals at his ' end of tho stick, who want the money spent hi their own instead of this district, and who also fear perhaps a littlo perspective loss of trade should the roart bo constructed hero ? In othor words— whilst advoca ting ' retrenchment' and posing as a patriot (of tho real Brummagem type) ia ho (the writer in question) not simply acting just a little ' doH-in-tlio-inaiieer' business at tho expense of tho people hero' I leave your readers to judgo ! Iu a previous communication to you, I have given several unanswerable reasons whv tho proposed road from this district to Caves should bo constructed, and it is unnecessary to repeat them But the ideal road par excellence fathered by ' Retrenchment'— from some imaginary point on a mystical railway lino to Taialga, thence to the Caves,— 10 really too dreamy, too thoroughly incom prehensiblo for ordinary mortals to grasp, and reads like 'a real ghost atory from tho Xccicw Reviews —Yours, &o.;, ' ? ? CRITICUS. 