STORYGOLUH. tylSER ifoadley's -» Secret.® & STORY OF MURDER AND MYSTERY. ByARTHUHW.MBCHMOIfT,B.A. author op "By Whoso ond," "Madolino Power," "Ian," &o.; Alt. QUEENSLAND MOltTB DESERTED. CHAPTER XII. — Burolabt at Mourns Place. That eho had really been followed in the street Marion had no doubt, and the \- inoident made her uncomfortable. In the noxt few duys whonnvor she wont out, she looked round for the lad, but did not see him again. Once or twice she thought she was being followed ; but, the girl could not positively detect unyone in tho aot. Her uneasiness continued, however, and tended to increase ; and the feeling of' disquiet rendered her nervous and rather afraid. She went again to see Mr. Price in regard to Mrs. Bloxam's request, nnd hs advised her not to comply with it. He said that he did not believo in the Btory of the will, and that if it were the case that she had what she believed to be a will, it was most unlikely that it could he of a date later than that whioh Simeon Hoadley had lodged with the bank manager. Moreover, he urged her not to port with possession of the house until at least they had been able to determine whether there was, or was not, any mean ing in the cypher. In the letter left with Marion, she had been expressly warned by her father against doing this, and Mr. Price thought that desire should ho complied with. Mrs. Bloxam took the refusal quietly enough, but declared that though she was really reduced to the greatest straits, sho did not desire more than her legal rights, whatever these might bo; and gave Marion to understand that she would take some kind of steps to secure thorn. One evening, soon after Marion had announced her decision to Mrs. Bloxam, she was alone in her room when she was called down to the front door by a some what laud knocking. ' Tau have some rooms to let, mies, I believe, haven't you ? ' The question was asked by a middle-aged woman, who, in company with a man, wub standing at the door. Marion looked at them both rather keenly, and came to the conclusion that she did not like them. ' "Who sent you here?' Bhe aBkod. ' Mr. Davies, the milkman, in Hollo- wav road,' answorod the woman, readily. 'He told us your parlours and kitohens were empty, and that's just what we want:' While the woman had been spouting the man had said nothing, but hud kept staring into the house and us the front door in bo strange a way that Marion could not fail to notice it. ' The rooms wore empty, but I've let thorn,' answered Marion, rather abruptly. Sho liked the two less tho more she saw .of them. ' How can that be ? ' asked the woman, putting her foot inside the door to pre vent Marion from shutting it. 'I can seo from hero that they ore empty.' ' I tell you I have let the rooms, and the tenants are coming in to-morrow,' said Harion. She had not let the rooms, but was determined not to take these people as tenants. The woman continued to speak, keeping her foot inside tho door to prevent its being shut, until the man pulled her shawl to get her away. He did this without saying a word; but the woman obeyed him instantly, muttered a kind of apology for having disturbed Marion, and left. The girl looked after them, and watohed them as they walked away together to tho end of the street. . ' I should know those two again, any where, I think. I believe I could recog nise the man by his walk from behind. I wonder who they ure and what they want. I wouldn't have them in tho house if they'd pay three times tho usual rent.' By this time sho had accustomed her- Belf to pay attention to very Bmall matters, and it ocourred to her' as peculiar, that, the man had not uttered a word ; then her memory of tho mun's face made her think that the peculiar look it wore might b'o the result: of some disguise ; and it occurred to her that hiB Deard and moustache had been false. This thought increased her disoomfort and nervouenoBB, and boforo she went to bed that night she made a most careful inspection of the fastenings in tho lower part of the house. A man and his wife had been living in the two rooms on the .ground floor, but they had left about a week before, and tho rooms and kitohens beneath them were empty. The only other people in the house beside herself were a man and his wife, who had rooms on the floor above Marion's. These people she know well, as they had lived in the house some considerable time. ' Marion was not . nfraid — indeed, sho would not have feared to sleep in the house alone ; b'ut ber nerves had been a good deal tried by the occurrences of the past few days. 'After she had seen that all the doors and windows of the house were properly fastened,, sho went baok'to her room and sat down to a book with which she was trying to wean hor, thoughts from other matters. She read for a long time, and then, when she came to a part of the ' book whioh was loss engrossing, her ut- ' tention wandered away to her own ufioirs, ... and she'let the book rest on her lap. ... Things; had not gone well with her ' ; during the last fow days, and she was growing more and more discontented. : .There was no sign of any discovery of the meaning of the extraordinary paper whioh her father liad left in his will ; and it began to bo probable that the puzzle . .would never be solved. Moreover, tho police wore making no. progress at all in the direotion of discover- ing the murdorer of hor father. Mrs. Rloxham had told the police about James tinnegan, but they eithor could not, or did not try to find him; and precious time was slipping away. The thought of this distressed Marion very muoh, and she was growing very anxious that some more definite and energetic action should be token. Lastly, 'Ralph Gething's conduct had pained and grieved her ever since she had resisted the wish ho had expressed , that no Bteps should be taken to trace Simeon Hoadley'B murderer. Ralph did not come to see her so frequently, and whoa they were together he had beon irritable, low-spirited, and sharp-tempered. Several times, moreover, his manner had made the girl feel nud fear that he had some secret from her prhich depressed him; and this had made her very uncomfort able. For somo days the resolution had beon forming in her mind that she herself would take up the task of trying to find the man who had killed her father; and, as she eat thinking on this night, the plan began to gather strength and to take a much clearer shape in her thoughts. She blamed herself for having allowed so many days to pass without doing something, and resolved that, on the fol lowing day, she would commence an active and systematic search. Soon aftor she had made this firm reso lution, she went to bed, and was surprised to find that is was already 1 o'clock. The time had passed very quickly while she had been reading and thinking. She was restless, however, notwithstanding the lateness of tho hour, and her brain had been so active that she could not get to sleep. She grew a little drowsy at last, after resolutely suppressing every thought and idea, and. was nearly asleep, when she heard a sound that made her wide awake in a moment. "What was it? Where was it ? "Who was it ? It had seemed to be a sound of some thing that had fallen; it was like tho sound of iron falling on stone. Sho sat up in bed and listened ; but aouTd hear nothing whatever. She know that she had really heard something, and that it waB no mere dream. And aho determined at once to try and discover the cause. It could not have been in the roomB above her, as no noise from there could have had so sharp and distinct a me lt must have been in her sitting-room I or downstairs. In either case it meant probably that someone was in tho house. Then Bhe reflected that such a sound could not have travelled up from the in side of the house ; the echoes would have muffled the metallic clang. It must hnvo heen outside. She recalled that under her window at the bottom of the house the yard was paved with flag stones ; and conoluded that the sound hnd come up from them, and that she had heard it through her window. "While these reflections were passing through her mind, making her heart beat fast, she hastily slipped on her black dreBs, and, remombering that she must be able to move absolutely without noise, she took a pair of heavy, thiok woollen stockings, and drew them on in place of shoes. Then she orept from the room. She went first into her sitting-room, after waiting and listening intently at the door. It was empty, just as she had left it. She had no light ; and moving silently aoroBs the room, she moved the blind aside and looked out. It wnB a dark, misty, wet night ; but she fancied that she could see the form of a man standing against the railings on tho opposite sido of the road, olose by a lamp post. Next she turned and went out on to the landing and listened. She could hear nothing ; and began to doubt whether she had been altogether mistaken. She had intended to go up to the people above and wake them; but resolved not to do this, when it appeared possible that sho had made a mistake. Instead of going upstairs, sho wont down the staircase, as noiselessly as a ghost, stopping every fow stops to listen. As sho passed tho door of tho room on the half-landing, where the furniture from Clergy street had been stored, she placed her ear to the door and listened ; but all was still, nnd she continued her way down the stairs. When she reached the rooms on tho level of the hall. she paused again, and listaned with almost puinful eagorness at eaoh door; but she heard nothing, and when sho tried the handles she found both doors locked, the keys being out side. Then sho went to tho stnircaso leading to tho basement and listened again, and hearing nothing orept down noiselessly. She had reached almost the bottom when she stopped and pressed her hand to her hoart. Someone was trying to break into the house at the back. She could hoar the noise distinctly. She turned at once to go upstairB again and wake the man who slept at the top of tho house, and waB half-way up the staircase when a thought stopped hor. The burglar was not yet inBide the house and could do hor no harm; and sho ought to try and see him so asRo ho able to recognise him again. to i1k continued to-jcorltow. 1 