V -LILIAN'S INHERITANCE. ' I . CHAPTER XXVIII. THERE IS A REAPER, WHOSE NAME IS DEATH.' All mo ! In weariness and watching, 'the hours of that dreadful night wore 011, ftiid still the child luy like a siriclton .lily, as pure and as fair. Tho caily (morning broke ; tlio lovely, joyous .morning, and tiist one bird conmioiiGed ' its song, then another, and another, ; until the whole air was full of melody! And Lilian opened her eyes ! Oh my birds,' she said, ' my bonnie, \- bonnie birds ! I had such a dreadful dream last night. I will como into the ?garden and tell it to you.' She tried to j rise, but fell back again in a dead faint. Dr. Butler moistened her lips with .isome strong cor liul, and she rallied .'again; She looked at him and all 'around with wondering eyes. Her '.j father was on his knees besiclo her ; he had never moved from his position then;, nholding her hand and gazing at her. There was Maud Slingsby with her set ; white face, and Aunt Kate looking like a ghost in the early morning. Nurse Wilson's aged cyG3 were dim with weop .ing, and Manuela was crying like a child. Lilian drew her father's head close to hor bosom, and threw her arms around ' liis neck, saying : : : ' Papa, I know now who that angel -:was with the golden crown. I have ; seen her again, but I am not afraid of „lier ; she is coming for me soon, papa ; she is waiting (or me now ; she is going 'to take me to my Father 111 heaven I' ; ' And sobs burst forth convulsively .from the tortured heart of that miser . able man. 'Hush, papa,' continued the gentle ' voice, ' do not grieve ; it is all for tlio Jiest, papa 1 tell me, was that really uiy mother I. saw last night V' Yes, my child.' ' And is she a leper, papa?' ' Alas ! yes, my darling.' ' My father, tell me all about her before , I. go. I think God is good and kind in taking me away, and I want you to think so too.' But Irevanion could not speak. Aud Kate, in alow voice broken jy many tears/ told the sad tale of her mother's fate to the dying child. 'Oh! my mother!' said Lilian, 'my poor, poor mother I to think that I' never knew you were alone and in suffering, and I playing about the garden all day long. To think that I should have blamed Dolores for gathering .flowers for you ! Forgive me, oh my mother 1' ??'Dr. Butler,' she asked, after a ?moment's pause, ' if I were to live, should I be like my mother? answer me truly ' (seeing that the Dr. hesitated), /'''you know it cannot matter to me .now?' ... And the doctor, in alow voice, full of -compassion, answered, 'I believe in the ?course of time you would have been like 'her, Lilian 1' ' Oh then, papa,' she cried, a bright 'smile of joy lighting up her beautiful ??.face, ' then, indeed, God is good for tak ing me now ! Oh, papa, auntie, all of yon, do, not grieve for me. I would ?rather, ten thousand times, go with ihe 'angels now than stay here in sorrow and 'misery like my poor, poor mother ! Do . yon often sit with her, papa, and coni .fort her; it is her illness which has made „ you so melancholy for a long, long time?' At this simple remark from the pure ?'Hps of his child, the scales fell from Tre vanion's eyes, and he saw'tlie blindness and cruelty of his pride. A sharp pang of remorse shot through his heart when lie remembered the intensity of lii.= hatred towards his wretched wife, and ' the utter misery of her desolation ! His ?wife,, once bo beautiful and fair ; the mother of his child, that child who, if she, lived, might, in a few short years 'share that mother's fate, but whom God, in: his infinite mercy, was taking to her , liome in heaven 1 And all hard and ? bitter thoughts died out of Trevanion's,, heart for evermore 1 'Lilian, my darling,' fce murmured, ' my angel Lilian, I have not com forted your mother in her snre afflction ; ' I have been a proud, rebellious, sinful man, but I will be better now. God help me ! ' ' Oh, papa, and tell her it was a pain in nay head which made me fall — a pain : -which I ' have often had of late, and the strong flowers which Dolores had .gathered— don't let her think that it i was horror on seeing her face, because, poor 'thing, it might grieve her, and it is not her fault that God has changed her so. I am very gl: d I have seen her picture, and I am very glad she has .seen. me, because then we shall know each other again when we meet in 'Heaven.' She lay back exhausted, and the ? ?doctor passed his hand over her head ????nnd eyes. As he did so, a small portion of one of her eyebrows came off on his ? hand, leaving a mark upon her skin of 11 . bright rose color! He started,, and ? turned deadly faint — that same faintness ' ?which had seized him when he was first tolil years ago that Carlota's eyebrows and eyelashes were wearing away. Maurice saw the change in the doctor's face,' and looked at him imploringly. The doctor showed the little piece of 'hair and the rose-colored mark to the awe-struck father. Alas ! Lilian had come into her inheritance ! And Maur ice bowed his face upon his hands, mur muring in the fulness of his heart : ' Oh, ' my Father in Heaven, Thy ?ways are merciful and just. Thy will, i not mine, bo done !' ? Still, she lay half unconscious, but evidently in no pain. The joyous birds sang on for two or three hours, until . the bright morning sun beamed into the . room ; then the merry little songsters hid themselves in their leafy nests, tired with their chattering. ? ' The birds aro wearied,' said Lilian, j ' and so am I. I feel so very tired and gloopy, aad that creeping feeling in iny', hands and feet gets worse and worse 1 Take 1110 to the window, papa ; lot 1110 look out into tho garden and I10 lifted her in his arms. ' Open the window, papa.' Oh ! how fair was tho scone bofore her ; how sweut the flowers ; how bright the sparkling fountains! Tho hum ming birds and butterflies were sport ing along, gathering honey from the lovely blossoms still wet with dow, and one littlo golden-throalod humming-bird flew in through tho open window, lingering for an instant round Lilian's head. ' Pretty bird,' she said, and smiled. ' Papa !' ' My darling !' ' I should like my last resting-place to be by own bed of violets, beneath the shade of (ho oleanders, thero whero the mocking-bird has built its nest. May it be so ?' Aud her father bowed his head. Then she turned her languid eyes from the garden, and looked long and lin geringly on tho familiar faces around her, resting on the dead-white counten ance of Maud Slingsby. ' Come here,' she said ; aud Maud crossed the room to the window where Trevanion was standing with Lilian in his arms. ' Miss Slingsby,' said the child, ' you are looking very ill ; what is the matter?'' ' Oh, Lilian,' gasped Maud, ' I am very, very miserable. Can't you pray to God to take me, too ?' But the child answered with deep solemnity, ' Oil, my dear Miss Slingsby, tho angels will come for you some time, but not just now. 'What would pupa and Aunt Kate do without you? and my poor mother ! you did doc know she was living, but she is up in those rooms that J. always thought belonged to Dolores ; we didn't know that Dolores was taking the flowers and fruit to my mother, did we, Miss Slingsby ? Will you go and see her for my sake ?' ' Indeed I will, Lilian !' ' And, papa, some day if you look in my little desk, you will find a letter addressed to you. When you have read it, will you give it to Miss Slingsby to keep for lier own ? It contains my thanks to her for having taught me to love God, for I was a naughty and wicked child before she came. You will ulways be good and kind to her, papa, for she has been very kind to me. Promise me this, papa ?' ' My child,' answered her father, in a voice distinctly heard by every one in tho room ' there will be no one in the whole world when you arc gone whom I shall reverence so much as Maud Slingsby.' Satisfied with this assurance, the gentle little one, whose strength was fast failing, said, ' Kis-s me, then, Miss Slingsby.' And Maud, who was so ex hausted that she could scaicely stand, imprinted a long farewell kiss on the dyini; child. ' Take me to Aunt Kate, papa, she cannot come to me.' And he laid her in his sister's arai3. A c'mnge passed over Lilian's face, and Dr. Butler beckoned to all the servants, who were waiting in deep grief outside the roam. They entered and fell upon their knees, for they knew that the gentle spirit was fluttering ere its flight. ' Do not grieve for me,' she whis pered, 'I am quite, quite happy; it is better that 1 should go now. God will comfort you, my own papa, and auntie I' A bright sunbeam flashed into the room, covering the child's head as with gleaming gold, A smile of heavenly beauty passed over her face, and with clasped hands, and eyes upraised to lieiven, she said: — 'It is the angel with the golden crown.' And Lilian lay dead in Kate's arms. Oh. not in cruelty, not in wrath, The reaper c;une that day ; 'Twas an angel visited the areen enrth, And took that flower away. (To be Continued.) 