A B)APT1ISTM OF FIRE. Br JTEAETTrE VAN ALSTINE. ,EYON EJ:L;AKE sat in his luxuriious 1 of?ce, chewing the end of his ci'ar; and mentally anathematisingthe state of the -Money Market, and the unreasonable and very inconvenient caution that had iatoely1 charactcrised even the most reckless dfl speculators. As a professional blower of bubbles, he had pno patience with this timidity anid cetition 'in othera is;and it wa? an'-, ufhook~d -for eiexsibition"? of 'these undesirable cin'litie- in a bi,' fi-b, 1upt;0 whiim '::he 'iad of late expended much eloqulence land nmore chaln pague at several expensive iiicheio?iO, an'I vnonim he-had believed"-hto??le-fairlyobo.ked, : chat had di turiied hisi usually e - it we.'s on:e of the rules of his self- ini'i'::?: it lid' to o dwell as little as possible upon any thing dire,!,'e-abic, and to comptensate hiim pleasure tilht came to: hilad. Actin?Uiun this li'abit, he upened the lhand.i-onelv-fitte lianeicr-ease whichi iS aldys so'inloi'tai1i ai - i;ature of..the li'ronote?Si~erinctuini; aindt,; hasini- pullld. himsielf-..to g ,ehit ' i -anh i a?iso 'in expensi've brand-aind qM:uintceredil ont. :Bye tlte time le had : reached. Lieaden'din: street lie lidi coiin petely bi bfshddi lifsi dis 'appoinLnent froen his thoughts,'aud, in its ,tead had! sunimonid befoire his mental 'ision :in ?iparition th :t w' as emnineitly a pleasant one:; To tell: tle truth, lBessie LUi,-lex's face and voice, and-soft disiinctive iar~f? ha unt h litecdiB, e pretty jirisistently ifor acouple:of months; and it needed no ,reait cffort. on' his part to conjure ul; her image. 'Indecd; on m10e;tli0afi' onoe bocasion lately, in the very heatand stress of a lively coard-mectin g,'when lie needed dal his cou r/eiil:iatioi:. anrd : adroitness - fotr Ken'yb1o iBld.l'S :board- meetings w'ere never tame, .but:fii rcuntly vei'y stormy he' hlad:bedn tarilei. by oio: omedeiightfiil yet troublous memory of that "racious preseneerthiit, had tl his'pulses dcancing. ",:'To thiink of her, to wish. to be:wiil her; ind to oratify that wishu wais the iia?tiral ,seqluence to man of Bhike's disposition;' arid ii a:lother ninute he. was. ifiside a hansom bowling'' I:nidly we?tward, iiotwi?-tltitudinag the fact that lie had two appditihiient ;'andI one board -meetirig,: that i importivelyp demanded his attention "atlitafternoon. SB"sie was statintin' by'° the ?retatnorth window whenl he came in, looking, out upon the trim-[ girdcn'i: wliere -the =- suinn slione brightly,on thel-otis of daffodils.,, \With the swift giatfuide of flower.? tlicy l`ha pi'klueci uplheart- ofl grace !undeir his' gdniil niile, antd, turning their backs upol the egst wrind; had resolced' to blodm their swetdest. SAnti what hlave'you ,bech::doing lately ? May lI see ;'. asked Kenyo), after, she, had 1poured h'ini' ?nit a' ctir of tea. ?wlich he si illowed with ,o shudder,; but; aeceptcd becatise he liked to watch thie play of her white, delibter te li'aids: :' "Nothing;. ab olqtefy nbthing,. "I have been horribly idle; a very blight of laziness seems to i"avo settled on me. Ba:tlet itus tialk of something else ;I am not in a worki 'ing'iiodd, as I toli you. . Myl bruslhes and I tire " out.,' s: WillCarlebon votild siv. !. Poot Be"sie ! Ti he uestlessnie.s anid disin iolination for steady wifork, that she called laziness, w~-s the firsteflect of the'distiirbin" eiement that swas creepinrg into..her life, audl toivwhich 'she liad niot becoine accuistomed. 'Art had for -so long been to:her the cnd antd aiml of life, that she could 'not as yet com pielhend thiat~dy other feeliig 'migF t clai~i m'ore ??han , a :superficial,. interest froms her. ,She was, moreover, a reserved and tendei" woman ; :ind the circnmsataices of';hei life had served to intensify :this:;atural; sharae teristic. 31otherless at"i, she hsid been left: t the rare'ofi her great-uncle, a simple-mindred, lar-g- ehrted'old main. of the Coloiel' evw doiue ? iypeiul'oikved ;in' i" tiny'home' 'emboweredin" a ,big 'gardeliin St. John's Wood: ie ifboliced Bessie ? id his prtide in her. talent.lknewv no; bounds.: :tie ,took. her to: Rome for ,t:o years, and frim thence.to Paris; ?'heie she :orlked foi. e fi yeir-s in .Tuliat's ':atelier, and. attracted t the notice of sonio.of the ibest men in the-profession by the ernestr.ess 'of her wotlk. "tt Wvas lipot theiir ret- uirn to London. that, Uncle ,Colin bim?g'uilt her the:big" brigihtstudio that wias :ihe al -lieart-lhome of tthe , eithuisiirstic 5-ounng ni'tist. i TCheenltle old ;main lii edrto s~eelis.idiarliin ,win her placeuipon the line: ind; then f iiueil oiradually 'aid piinilesly d'out S, lifrfe.. -B"-ic !dhat iio one left., but 'inettev \- i'-?lid~tte, the ,hlrp - ton~uiled, csnical binauhter of Paris, nvose "capaible hinds:h id held the reins of .tliheir little mfnageo there, i and who' hI;if ibeed t'o' be' allbhied to! accomp:anyi'thdm to" Englnd; :rathe :than in be i'artetld fnlom Bessie ,.who had all uncon soliouslyi widnitd lhrself' ti?gttly" rouind i hir iiardheari:: :".,: 0 ,i i i. *'hlen UncleColin dierj, hi- pension died Iwuto lim ! utr Besmoels U'ork biouui-tt in .pr icicnt tosntiifyg hl~eire imple wont 101': Nninete was a wvonderful manaier. .. Aict soAhi ? ar?Is"psalesoft;ly oi,, in, es'e'lived like ,a unnseeing- onlv hi ,nfew fel.lo'woctaftsmei ,i and nciilmer kolinrgs' uoi p ar3inahtof ah tlie t tftidiea i - ie Id voi. Herdi work ,Sorbd: e ed r1 completely, and. fully i . a.tifi tle reuarl th u remeits of'hlir nature, so thi'titshe I rdmriainsed i.inot ~rn anda :;insuas* !piiou?dof its deeper needs . , rhe" Sheou·he cha'mhing if she wiere a, w~orap, a lcl-er Frnchinaon Iradtaid of her to ?ihila : "but unfortun,.tel", sheis only !i hen Bessie had first met?Kenypon Blake he:-i.dd shrsil. froi m nia w-ith a ciirlous minstincti?eofeebling 'tlhat was hardly stronn" 4 enu h' to b dlilike, .hut sas peirhiaps the '-mcois'io ns'recoi!df a'spotless soul from th'e Ysmirch hitl staig of the mian. 'Aid it toolk sall-erybn Blake's stron"' personal magnet is'm all ip powere offafscmnaion arii -astutie worldly .wiusdoin, to olquer th'nt :bfirst IhIalf r:in'cdsciouis anta'gonism, andl to ~r-in her con Sfidenc. as weilasllsr ikin",i'. ;Ei -ag-yIlly, ,.howeveryl she jreri: It £-look forward to hi' visits, and. eicnveyC ,0lo it cm.?e 68 pa's thaitonany siimimer ,mornini.s t-hat .::w?s' slun?'g acros's ione coiner p.i thq i studio,3 i while. 'shel rttied to; Bimiii jijfolded: ,his:clhems a~dt'plaajs-t 'her.i inil told, her, amusing stories of his advetures 'anpdi'perils; ofr: bh?-was a-" ntod talker, and had( travell d iichi7 -'nod seeun, life under many aspects. And ina11 lie" recouiiited t}ihire :as': :'a celi'orl. Flianaigei; .lordficatiion i of. lhjihmelf, that sooudlhowv -le •Je~sii iwit,' thlihe" umpressio t;flith' somieon~ .else.had toldl?hlEr w-hiat a prinicely fellowyhs 'this generonus, br-use, open-hearted iman~, 'w1simi milen trusted-: nid omen loved: Sometimes hlis voioelosohuld hbe .loss anui i3 eyes growi' sad, as ie rouseti her sympaiit Svi??; the. wvellt'old' ta ;e 6f af 0 Uiidnno~ge niat' in~tii0 o' f high -.Ispiu~tiQns t~rw`te'rd "eat oppor'tiunities , lost0 hbiillialt suicessed diverted, his .on . liopes, interests, :.amid tastessacrificcd ani~ imsalr dishiortCned and: made reckle s bythi tacutless- foijy ;f 'he somanin he..lhad "m 'rred. - All'·ht is oibs' delicately?''0cars-ueyed lo -boro.u mnorey by :.implicniiori,:: ,,t..:firt'pn :l tianf oby, actual .detr?lction. an?:o vith many .a -k eilfnllh-drasn'n cooit-yst thit a is subtly iat'tem in; toiBeu .e id?, uh listened naidjiitied n t:i loved ?i i.h I yes; ive , fbrded.t its w ?vy lasti':iineo tli tlosed linaiunbe's of-4e .eart, ti:'riitinood Hllits' fibres to ted-hcrest hamiiony- uinde hi' iieting toii tour:ij :and' fillifig h'er eyes with 'hehtdi-ine iunre;t which is'thc fir.t of the i?any. penalt:-.a imhalh we .womne- n-y for hi. k'silnision. \- -,ot ie -'vsw't;nes wav'6 d -hort-ii)'ed, arid .,e. ri.li,'e.e -otl pe..lb. s-s f 1 thclutvr Loy-ily .she wrestied: 'w tli the devil of rebel '!on as of old Jacoh wresttled with the mes -engerof God '; and ' after a time victory seemed to come. Trinie, she could not cast out her lose, but she could curb it, .and tur'n it into the channel of friendship that "hould be the joy of hher life, anti that .would prchanceo be a comfort to him also. Her heart ached for his loneliness, and for the hideous mockery of his mnarriage to a woman he did not love: adri she longed I with all ieir generous, intselliah soul to0 bring some brightness into his blighted life. It tortured her to see thlat.longing, hung"ry lookl in his eyes, and the sadi tonies of his voice awakened in her all that protecting, semi-nmaternal telderness that slumblers at the;hcart of-every true woman. A-lis, thlat so few wi'omen realise, until it is too late, iow terrible is the power of a man who has' studied our sex, and who does not scruple to turn his knowledge to accounl: From ifie first. the odds are against us ; II:. we are., so .easily swayed by personal' ilitiiecce"s R.euiorselessly he "athlei." thei lhou:inlld little dainty filaments o; our .Cwak. ies'esu'and foible. int:o it hand. andr.l;twist them into a 'cable that binds us. In. vani we t'-riggle; we cannot brelak it,; a.d it isa, ivno.A ALer. itii?ient,'courage- to cut it. asnilier, lind t? t hey havi e d:n o the knife i,:to their own hear ts, and , ppr e d " ?-! 1 .: ' ir freedom by siunds ntiprnhas :,'isn: y- ihire' It is only a very strong man who can s e'xperienceedi tile I -ceiitdion Ots e,,e-rc's, the ncr'n:gi's of- lii own plassion bid bhie' atEivie fo .'victory at , any.price. ,d oo:er lO a?iuf'etll;' Ke:lyoui Wl:ket h:ul noer: btene? stronu" sritlh.sucii noble .;reugtli.: Even i?t Syoui" m:in, swhen, the chivairiie.instincts :, reee..s ., i cbtiili rarely ais'liiiolon ' 'c. mi tinmi to d rawi the rein u nonu hisincli::r'aions:n :tildalt forty he had ani inceurable iiabbinet s of nioral fib? t;liat. s'i th;ld tiatuial treilt of .alife of grossest selfisitiness. 'Hei:?"atchet poor Besie's loyal stru.ggles with - a half cynical, ihalf co.iilp'ssionn'at :untuemente.. Pocr little, darling, 'how is-i seable andl hotl wicked she felt! '\ell tinie and he betwCeni theni 'woiuld cure that ::d then--ah, then..-lie. woiild teach her t;to to live ! And the ifiere thoglifi l of . his coming triumph 'sent' the -blood ui'giFl' hoetly through his.veins. Bessie had "rroswn very ?dear to himi, .and lie 'ld\id lie with-, the truest love of Which !is 'elfisl, ;shallow- nature was 'capable. That, it was a poor, 00 wealk, fleshy parody dof t$o e gr'eat, maiier- piss eion olios Bessie's minstotiind rattier than -ecnyonds fault'; for, such. asit isas,it, wi the est li had bi toive. :e ieviti?bly, the clifi'ax came; iniloni Jul{, evening, in th;. quiet "garden,; the ghostly, white lilies trembledl or their tall stems, as they -listened : ini illingly to' a sto tor thliit shoiuld never hbve been told ;-and thel dimn ,nonhliglit sione pityingly, dosswn upon a 'woman wsho: asispalp?ite?ting witih jovy, feir,i trilimlph, humiliation, and adozen otherc eqmn plex elnotiodis'that tuog at the he?rt-itriigs but defy aialysis.; . : -At 27, a womlnal, however shelteried and jineeventful lhei" gulhon inay have been, liioi ,s when ' 11she :sould cease to alitten :;. iil Bessie knew. But the., hand of:. the conqueor was heavy ' ilibi !hi6r; andl hler soul, which had never yet stirred:to any passion but the love of her art, was stru"grliin to life at the call. of tihe:aiirli whose ardent words` were ;drlopping i like: gouts of fire into hller leart. To all st.roi~ bearted iwomen the birth of: passion is a bewilderment-.; a torture! of swueetness'that leak es the will tall liip aind helpless, aid :blots everythling fromin o?tthe uroibld; but the Prospero whio has evoked the, storm. - "', :we shall: not. part-,"; hd ;bik;oe' iii ulin her murmured protcst.. "It is uscles" to tell me not; to come. As "well iiiht, 3"i;ii fodrbid your, flowers here ,to ,tuom towards the light. Nature is stronger tlhann you are,-Bessie; stronger th'an I am: .Do yous think I have not;struggled .,:nd fought ll y iaay thronugh tile same scruples and doubts that have assailed you,? And with the ?i'me reult. Youi have tried- 'to cast, ot't this odream' from your Iheart; but, dear, you cannot. Night. and acatlhe sweet, insistent tor:ment has' clung to you, has purisued you, witlh .:Iiusmpers of. a joy too g-;eat to. be renouncerd -not meant to be relibintied. No,' Siol shlll not speak--' as she tried 't stop: ,the` words .thbat torturedl;eilorll --i. I kno vlilat . you :would i say, and I will not' listen. All those illogicaal, timid doeu;derat3ions would find -n . plaice in jofi-i hel:rt if it were :one fire like ,mine: I'What is the wyorld to you or to ,me, with its:;: puerile socialllaws arid ineffectrdal liafriersi Pollbw the voice of los'e in yur hlear;nt, ntl leave the rest, to me. I b not spenk; Iol; up into mr face, -aiid let iine rieacd thode titie eies i Coie, Bessie ;, come to me,.' sweet dComepto mie for life--or 'e-ei' !:' Iis,voice whs usky withll p:ik?ioi, andl the arins'e'!ield out to her. ,trembled with .one, of thle tliest emontioils hebhad everkci iownlu. I , c oatin?I ;' cannbt,': shid faltei-ed:: with a'i sda in heir voice. "r a Ye5 you lorele ! I feel you do ; whi le I---ym G'odt:' 'child, I wdoabl: l voi! ';' ol drive i I'n sd,with, vnnur qnie, cool -'a , Atnd tenler o'he ! Tell lime; dea'," ihe iienit ou'filore quietly, g;had I be"i freeiiduld:yoii liiva suiswered differelnti s ? W ould ymonhave beeny'r -'ife ": · I "Ah ' Ke'yon." . ,: : C : \- ' Si, Avould yo . iy su oteet ! - Aid in a scondr "lie ' in his ' ntm, nd hie is aid sing heir "rediili on li'ls aid dhlicek--issa thit iBur'iiedi dcep intohiiet Soul, and setn thehbiood, o -n f nes life.?l1iv'ering "'aud tiingln?"" tnlrou,-h lier veins. . . . . ... .... Forot moment the w ondeor of this now bliss tlia} verged-so aiosely upoln piui' -b!ot:i:d e'er'-ylhini .' from, hero coiiceousqless," andi sh~e-rir-g t "the; struggle thiat -as still unfinilishedii wdimti all itls ddutks iai f'ai' s adti.?iue dim, prophetic tinstie of soror y ini theinur. ... ' No, sweoethehrt,. let me hold ybu-sro," .as Slie drewb . ak bbreat-hless and- t~e?pblyng fi'po ;his p: lassiohate 'i mbR'abed''" is ile. '~we 'eau.o a littlb together If you would h ive iin uried u m ne, :s should you hesitate, to coie to.me ncrs; s?hy clnoid your life anil iind i-aith tnschisci'mer of.the uworll1 ' . Can. you i'hot; e o e imore tihan the world What'i is.-ts.verdict tb yonl or tob ie ? ' I kiiow soni o.'eil l;i myv -whlite dasling, my pyre-souled le?sie!! Is i?t :not enough for you that I understand' ariei'evkrence yboti'? Cin; y6ul ilot'trust me?;t Is.ct.o nir lovestyong:enoughl for this'?" yaln I do not cmre isnat .otlieis: sould hsin",'Slecarfswered, birpkenly; but- ise bot-l osesomiethino'-to anothorclaw. 10e have nio 'rl"ght to brin" .sorrow on your wife. i " " H5ush, child' You.Are speakinti, of wliat; yotu)do: oit understand.! For years. iy uie- and i'rave nri ti le rnest acquaint {ce-rl"fiardly friendseven-, and. the little: tiinoe ssd' spend together is alhiost. a?'rp i?l ,i-'agr"eeabl "pt-nt. Ho:. boid yld y'udtil'.ir- i stand i cold, coarse, jealoui urhtume li:ere s; you-.' shdo are, s9 teinder arld so fihe ' pu! 3e "lie is- a goal -iwomar"n in iier impai-iveI ay` -?it-; wa. prei'eli'keoil '-aiid iivater.. Yol 1 are0 mvtrie mate~ the wife of my: soul, the oie vwoma 'iOli5ii?'e e-lcry thouaoht and iipuilse is ih'ponsive to my!.wn, A h.! I couldci do cgreatthin s isitli.you alw'avs beside meo to" b- n?? ilupiration-- my Egoria I Se !"'--2 tauing:'er, p"s"sive 'hand in ? hih--e''i" tie holllo, of this denr hind lies my life ! X'ei i dsin mnatke it :Heave i or hlll for me, Bessie !i :s ldvoe, may lpve'e' --his voice broke--' us yopr -.povie mierhiftill!y ' lienot be ha'd uponsus bot-li for you kuoum you ;cannot CoIlndcein m "to nii-ly' .sitrh-out suffering :vo r .ti f ~" "-: : It?is'wpliteqis/te see ier :vacillRtioni dud uocertaint-y ae-rs vho l.ad ahlais beeii eo Btronr" nail so pronjit. - 'itt n volcano hld sadcldeil e b foerifrth maid the cool greei ian tses aof ler.life uruYii I l lahrid to: f'e tihat-sh--wasa ? ?rless a s to esis :. Sst a en""e cr of eim , -and. peace; ..ad hlappiiess s?iceeded tn' flie :stbtiny dbuibts and featrs-.of t-htlast few sweeks.E'eri thin"' aPpeared to Beosie under a new aspect, acrd she sang blithely as she' painted-. For "he had entered her Land of Beulah, the Caiaasu of our foolish, love-crai:,ig hearts. Ah me, tihat its boundf'ries are so narrow. and tlhat its exits .yawn so p)itilessl)y wide upon tlhe dark waste of diseinchantnent-. - At firrst ahe had blamed hereelf bitterly for having : striven againlt Kenyon so long. Since she I loved him. why had she tried to erect barriers against him, and to shut him our I into the lovelesx cold of the world whence he ihad conmi to seek her ? Those I .bnrrisi-, too, had been built of selfish nese, of contempltible fears for herself, of an inwomnnly la:tc of generosity in her. But all that. tas past now; she had tasted the 1 joy of self-b:negation; of self-effacenmet that is the ;uheart of love: and she knew tihat the work she had to do in this world was the delightful task of mnalins her Kenyon happy. 1 That was the true morality of love, and all I thy; reat was empty nonsednse invented by ai olIii woi'ld that did not kiio'w how to be th'iankful for its oxwn blessings. lShe Idoinet(.back, ,with wonderins pity for i herself, upon the quiet days' oefore she had known Kenyonri; and wiith the grand toriumphani t zones of her life-music pealing -i:. .ert-a;,.; those. fiar-otLt.days eemed- like d,;e;m'o ndtes in the song. It was not until io::g a ifterwars that she te:lised t'hat tihe; i re t ret; st"s t iel,, though theyl are in'ot i,'c, ha'te the Maki-ikg of music in S D"`-oiou i·eill y lbi'iiie', Besie ?-ove me well enough to be !uite happy, just because r love you and .we beloig'to each other!" Kenion said to her one day. Si? nestled yet more rclosely to him, and shlent!ly, laid iher ine soft :lingers on his ;c:k;. fore.she. was shy of words at. times ii iil tie btui in he Fht:liad "ever loved, this irn:rmli of seven-and-twetvy. App:arently theLp;ectty action satisfied him-for a time at 'le~st. r"And FmInio gdod, dear,: he went on,:?a liiile sadly; "a queer, eccentric 'sortb of fellow; never doing anytlhing I dislike, and neve: denying myself i tiling I want-a r:-s-hi brute. But I iever yet went back on : iftinsd or gave up it scheme I had promised to carry througi. The w'orld would tell you, antd tell ,tui tr?uiiy, that I am not fit to ask for any godr vonioiim;u' love" --it was one of Kenyon ]t;lAtke's most dangerous and ailltuing tricks to Affect 'it times what; most men would look upon as quite a reckless candiltir and frankness; he, the most fluentt and coathincing Liar who' ever: wore thelivery of 'A'atdtas !-t' ut TI worship .you, Bessie A'id thoidu- I finae loved' scores of oth ' wiomen, suid havie been lovexd by them, no er brieihais had the pdwer to move me as you ver. you sweet, sweet girl' i' do, The mouths sped by almost. unnoticed by Bessie; wiho, once the great plunge had been made; .had forgotten all he-r struggles and been'mnadl, alminost defiantly, happy.. That she ihad deterioirated :oes .without saying for, with the sad thliiilifyof a: loving womian, sh h:iad tried to descend to Kenyon's level,. having found it; impossible to- raise him to' iers. And things had not-prospered with Keyou. A.financial blight had fallen on thtgCity, and he could find no scope for his :teir suai-vc tolefits and no maiket' for his: speculati've schemes. :Notwitlistaiidilg his aristocratic Iretetisions, lie was not sufiiciently' g-ntle main to'wear a siHabby coat with ease ; and havintg exlpe?stive habits, it was not long befo:'e he exhausted not ouly hiis own resource; bi't also those of his friends who were confiding enough to trust hilii. Bessic being in the secret of all his ventures socn knelw of his embarrassments, and tried to stern the tide with her little store. Kenyon demurred at first, but~,oon allowed himself tobeo silenced with her loving sophistries. And so, by forties and fifties, the slender bank x'account grew less. And I'inette b.?igedtlier puans about more viciously than everC , and drove' the -dutmlnen, whom 'she `held in 'cpecial abhorrence to the verge of suicide. ,fend` s the spring ripened into summer ,the first cloiid ithiered on Bessic's-horizon. \rs. ,Blake, who had been on the Continent fo r i year, sigitified hler intention of spiend ing :the season in London, and desired Keinyon to look out some suitable house for lier: : The; request, with its consequent expenditure, staggered him, but as. his wife was always the last: p;erson to vwhom he wished' liis difficuilties to be known, he trusted, writh the true' gambler's spirit, to ouitme lucky 'coup to-set him str:ilght, and prci:iired to receive her. Beessic looked on, and,for the first time grew jealous. He had .beef so i holly:hers, that she hid at times :almdst 'forgotten that other claiin--and .now ! : Inl ' vin .:;Kenyon: ; assured her --of his nndivided allegiance, and. grutmbled -lustily at thie :au?oyaicethis xtife.: capriei ciaused liini; in spite, of his inicreased tendern'ess andt c-tiesses, the sting remainued. Reaily pained byhlerd iistress, he devised a whini. sicial cure, - and. cotrived a plan whereby Bessie ishuld esee his wife and judge for h!erelf how; little sbe-was- to bei feared 'as a lixial. iAnd the cure w-s completely succes ful. - % -sid hind' lieei lDrepared to hlat the wavinniit whgim,,slid had, wronged, 'atd whose -very exi'tenece had wrecked 'all" the accrled lhopes of "wifeiiood -and:motiherhood tlhat nesjtle at :thIe heart of egery~ apmauwidlo is wo:rtjhV of t'he in:umce; hitit :tt the sight of her all r'es:ent:nent;i:and jealous.c faded forever frcm her heart. . Ihs Bld?k? I vh a weo \ y-leokinig woman tostme itti earl 'ity yeutirs sat teavily cotn r'ifitd- hithulitind "iteen beomineg to'lheir. S?nt on , f weightg and thircak o iss o: ifrea'on-of, I siU of il'c tread atdles im-te couris jroinlouh'er ls to:dat, dr hids- t"ait :-atal Sinrn dotdiness before hi pei.etty' end I'eunxon .cionly' oh eilc ed l~tet e onfier ined them icostitumie qchic, thearlyes soeventines pacmtie ie ifelt this ' d -e she nbeotinlo toher Bupt lhje o-y o eteis-nee of brghold etpha-n seattire,' na skill ed i ihode: i hie ontitke ouls bngd, lien Inp to date, o h hide thr vit fatl aindb ho bodei ns hefole hliaedy.i oxen roben andpes ort.i- tcoldult salanfeg c afterd the i-hela-s powerle ar2oBessie with ther quite distip restie chic er and. full pushilng paitliye-, tic sin this u od al ste o?oanced hio tho suippleme-i? a?y lati-ity. of thgold emphtad bsSod te fdedu .the theld over for, ty more Sunconienlte ithn t a isdull, .lycnempohatics wooked as thoulia all the glad toe pouts baoe fund tuOned . ater in et en ahopes esd xtstiul strainir- ate?r ha loever hbefr d i?hat i s she re.d indeed hd ever -had -f it'ife .f his otdil, n h i ite .:Lishied bue ehe col thd i wever aa :txial' ot Bessie? ~sy ;a fteK;ehis :thay;likenyon vit is qiudde~ls to .Paris ti try andf tilt the scalns ounc Fortune iatn taarian tfoine dftls lyphtic toan ?r ho diaggetr mbn like a ianl-tohe upon hioi .ie- nnilet is d butbitfil hether ublimec auea ht as of the onicto of'eis As BS tithured ie p-cy she tire ased ?a' ivert befo :ladi:tof fit as she wht; Ind:iteed idfroi the Hoel Contierd wt a tinessie f stendernes.. " telf- scrifiinh that;"d tiis ti she id noer, t .he frettdas st r her love's t imps thcunioatKenty, and dindenlly to hParis t ttoy aedr tilt temeu scales r saleFofble b tutces nof ol'jely, of eisnt hisin fih crisp, tleamblin inote'; land the, wile ltf heart, nilke'dss bit withl thro h te mudbi I omnibus tould hat was e costher.. ficto of hi.s 'uces'll he vtiurtied he had'tht race to h eeal s ithamed Il' he di f missed ae:oop of : in rinmd that he had Conatisetal thato Bessi.e ecefived ithe daily otvin thdlicttes full of hpelcaed.tproing s hichshe rd asoLate vowse!d that heseo mply satied her unekating SselI you losacrifice thae the less titshed her, shen are.bare le skthe a sked, lauin ; " llryou sillet iboye to fuss aboutn s ie t a trie !:' ith a shamend thlien he talmissed in hoois'lpe- a of I th mamognificen th n h he waiys seen to do inc 'the msgntflcent things ho was goit to do ini the near future, until Ee~aie began to blame herself for not having saufliciently appieciaiteti the privilege of denying herself the neces saries of life, and to feel that her poor little hundredis must seem very paltry to this princely hero of hers ! But worse was to come; and a few months afterwards Bessie stood for the last time by the great north window of her studio, and looked sadly out a; the dripping gardens. , Some of Kenyon Blake's kites were flying home to roost, and the furnished house that lie had taken had to be paid for; writs had been issued ; and altogether matters looked ugly for him. SBessie's course had been prompt, apnd the pretty cottage had been transferred to"' an artist who had long coveted it. . Everythin was packed ; every>hring ready for her departure; and poor ine-tl. : was shivering patiently out in the gusty hall, oid wishing that MBadame would rermember that the omarkeiin - had yet to be done before e:,.v caulrl think of settling down to rest in,I. th-e dingy Thayer-streeti lodgings whitheri they were bound. And alreadi y it was nearly four, and the. gloomy, December. afternoon.. was draw.in to L close. YetBessie linigered. Sihe was filled iwithi a fierce exulta-id.i of sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of ine to the man she loved. W\as it not t tide hiu over adisastrous momient, and to keen a roof over his wife's. head, tha?t she hiad converted everything available into! ready cash? Ah, and the delight of doing it ! And it was with a;smiling face and happy heart that Bessie Langley passed out of her home. Just:'before she reached the gate a few unnoticed twigs of " common honesty,' which had survived thus late in a sheltered corner, attracted her attiention, and with an impulse of pleasure, she stooped to gather these white ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as her hand touched them, the thin,.silvery disks fluttered down among their dead companions, leaving the naked stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air ! Nearly eighteen months later, all London crowded to see a picture that hung in one of the galleries of Burlington House, and had been purchased by the trustees of the Chantrey Bequest. It was a large canvas, and bore in one corner the'initials " E. L." A '?iroraan clothed in sad- coloured garments stood erect in the centre of a woodluand path and gazed straight out at the spectator. The dead leaves rustledali her feet, and the bare trees were. coldly outlined against the he.avy grey slB i of early winter. The very spiirit of desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvas-a scarlet letter tat. glowed and burned upon the woman's breast -the A of thle Piritan aciultress. But it was not Hester Prynne the sinner, silent, scornful,- impenitent, ais her judges saw her ; but Hester, the despairing woman, alone among the ruins of her love, cri~lhed and dazed by the cowardly defection of the man i'who had been her god, her. conseience, her ideal of. all that was manly and trust worthy and true. The pillars of her world had given way, and everything was tottering eunder her ; for he had failed her. And since lie was false, what was there left for her to cling to ? ' . '"t is quite heart-breakin'g, isn't it, Mr. Lester ?" at pretty girl had said to )udley at the private view; "' but Mr. Gurnrett was mistaken when le said that Miss Langley had been her own model. It isn't her face at all." And the man had murmured, under his breath, " No: it is'only her soul " . Soon after Bessie had left Canal Gardens Kenyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of some concern in which he was interested. His expenses were to be paid, the salary was good, and hlt was to receive a considerable sunm before his departure. "So you see, little'girl. weare coniing out all right; and in a few months I shall -buy out that fellow who has got your little place, and you shall have a studio of your o6wn again," he said, with a fine burst of lordly generosity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie whose unealculating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as to give, told hinm iat 'he was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest conmiigdue upon mrhitey that she had raised for him at various times. It t was the first time she had evercr reminded him of the privations she was suffering ; and probably shle would not have clone rio had he not previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds had'been paid in to him within the week. . But she Ihad not reckoned the new clothes there-wvere to buy, the dinners there asere to give; and the cigars and perfumery. ai whisky to be laid in for the voyage, a-nd the dozen other fasr moire 5 mportant claims Lo exhliilst his money l.ih'n the daily neds of the woman who had beggared herself for hinm. " ()f course, I had t'hought of tlnt-, and will see to it before I leave. Don' t woriry or fret, for eve'rythinti is comini straight at last.' Antd his answrer had besen sufficientn to sat-isfy iBesie's trustful hIeart. - \- Towards eveni:ng of the day before his departure, after she had waited for him .all d.y, a- tclegram came :• ' Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, s.s. Alexa. Sail at eleven. So bori-y.' Sick at heart at losiig himn, Bessie set out at the appointed time, and IKenyon was tender, and asiologetic and talkative and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. ." I're 'arrangedeverything with -r-Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he ?will see you are all'. riht ' I shall isend youi more the minutei land, so don t worry m"y dear, dear 'girl.: I'm half crazy at leaving yop, but it will only be for a few months, and then i'll show. you how much'I l oti o n . .. . !And fooisth Bessie becamii hopeful once more, and her sad face grewr less white and drown as ishe clung trustfully to the cosward hand that had despoiled her. Mr. Torwecs replied to Bessie's guarded letter in terms of strictest politeness, and reere4ted that MIr. Blhke had not given him instructions to act for him in any way; but hie inclosed that gentleman's address, aiid expressed the opinio thlat 'any conmmunica tion addressed direct to him would receive his atten tion. -Timhe crept slowly on; and Bessie and Ninetf~t came pcrilously near 'star-ation'; for; Bessie found it was more dillicult to sell her worlr when she hawked' it round herself thaint wihei receiving the dealers in hler own i studio, since even dealers are not above being influenced by. the surroundings of their customers. Then she grasped at tlhat forlorn. hope- of the gently-retared poor teaching;- and :trudgted bravely th ough the winrry streets to giv-e lir lessons. At the end of three months she received, ',lirough 'ir. Towers, a cheque for £I10. It irassthe la t communrcatin Bes-ie ever ree:ied from the -ani for awhom she had aR-diic?ed mid suffered so ihuch : altliougli she learn'e'd ifrom various sources that hsi ias faultiesslv c!othed as ever, aiud spenlding hi' inamncy aiti? i all'the old bpenhlanded lprincely. generdosity--iupon himself. iome swo:u.n babble of thieir sorrows to v;losoeve, lends an ear, and so finid comfort; 'Oiuc -Bessie was not; one of thliese, hand;een to .Ninet?e she had' never s~aolen Kenyon's naisme. It hber pic?ure, she brealcthed the, chaos of her soul. It ivas her one dumb Ipctest; and appeal-tihe onesilentexpression of her anguish. .. . SSome years have passed since Eliiabeth Langlev exhibited the picture which in?nde her fambus ; and she is now one of the ino?t eagerly- sought-after women in London ;for it ia only in novels t;hat hearts are. never healed. The Mliss Havishaiss do niot live outside the pages oftthe romancer. But Bessie is " Bedsie ' no longer thec soft diminutive does not.fit the uueenly woman who bears her statelier name in full. She is gentle in manner as of yore, \vith the added grace of the finished worldling. But the true softness and trustfulness of her nature has for ever vanished, for she has ;assedr through her Baptisin of.Fire, and liearned her lesson of life ; and it has left her f impassive, 'and scornful, and coldly cynical i! at heart.-Abridged from Vanitg F"ir, 