i {Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) , ; THE SPECTRE OF BERRY-POMEROY CASTLE. " WHO wants me?" demanded Doctor Far- quhar, as the servant came to tell him that his services were urgently needed. "A messenger from the castle, sir." " From the castle ! ' From what castle ? " "Berry-Pomeroy, sir. Mr. Sandys, the steward, has sent down. His Wife is ill." "Say I will run over as quickly as possible," rejoined the young physician, who was then practising at the pretty Devonshire watering-place. The messen- ger departed, and Mr. Farquhar soon set out af ter him. The doctor was aware that " the family " had not of late inhabited the castle ; but the steward of the estate and his wife lived in a suite of still habitable apart- ments in this ancestral castle, one of the most picturesque objects in the charming county of Devon. Berry-Pomeroy derives its name from the' ancient orchard-" pomeraie "-which at one time flourished there. It is the ancient stronghold of the Seymour family, at present uninhabited, and only a shadow of its former self. But when Doctor Far- quhar visited it, it was occupied by the steward, a worthy man, and his wife. They had some time previously lost their only son, and rumor told a grim tale ~ respecting his death, and of the haunting of the ancient castle-circumstances which bore close relationship to each other. The approach to the castle is romantic, though the pile itself is concealed by the trees and luxuriant ivy. The doctor continued his drive, taking up the fleet messenger on his way, and soon entered beneath the huge gateway, on which are sculptured the arms of Pomeroy who originally built the castle; but the dwelling-house attached to it was not begun until much later by the . Lord Protector Somerset, and finished by a branch of the Seymour family. This splendid mansion was struck by lightning and nearly destroyed. Some idea of its size may be gathered from the statement that it was a day's work for a domestic to open and close the casements. ; Doctor Farquhar and his companion made their Way up to the ancient pile, and the physician was introduced into a large room panelled with oak and stained with age until the walls looked framed with ebony. The stained-glass windows tempered thé light and sent a glow of colour into the room, on the floor of which the coat, of arms of the illustrious founders were shadowed and emblazoned. The physician waited, admiring* the windows, the colouring, and speculating on the issue of the old worn staircase, which led, apparently to some, perhaps inhabited, chambers. A curious, faint gleam lay upon these oaken steps, and the young man's curiosity was aroused by the quaint surroundings. He became interested, and though some- what surprised at the delay, he made no complaint when a tall, gentlemanly man entered the room and introduced himself as Mr. Sandys, the steward of the property. " I trust," he said, courteously, but with a certain touch of anxiety in his voice, " I trust that you have not been dis- turbed?" " No, indeed," replied . the doctor, bluntly. "I was waiting, and becoming somewhat impatient to be disturbed." The steward appeared relieved. " I was fearful that someone might have come in," he said, with a sort of sigh. " You found the room interesting ? " " Yes ; particularly the quaint stairway to the right of the fireplace. Whither does it lead?" " This is my poor wife's room," replied the gentleman¿ taking no notice of the doctor's last question, as he opened a door from the landing. Farquhar, putting aside his curiosity for the present, entered the room, and found his patient suffering from a feverish attack, consequent upon cold, but which, with i care and attention, he per- ceived Would disappear in a few days. The steward gazed at the doctor very intently. He kept his eyes fixed upon him with a curiously expectant expression for awhile, and then his glance would sweep around the bedroom suddenly, as if expecting to see someone else enter. The doctor was not, at first, conscious of this inspection-, but as he spoke to the mah concerning his wife, he perceived the anxious and half-frightened look which was in the steward's face. But, as Farquhar delivered .his opinion on the case, the anxiety gradually faded out of the eyes, and the husband became more collected; " There is no need for any alarm,'* said the physician. " The symptoms are not aggravated, and unless some very extraordi- nary change makes its appearance, you may rely on recovery within a few days." " Thank you a hundred times," replied thé steward. " This appearance you speak ofr- You have seen nothing-nothing ? " w No¿ I have seen ho symptoms of any serious result," said Dr. Farquhar, some- what surprised at the manner in which the steward had taken his remark. «« You need have no cause for alarm, sir." «« Tr. auk you ; you have lifted a weight from my heart. I am feeling reassured. You will call again, doctor P " «« I will look in the day after to-morrow, when I hope to find Mrs. Sandys better. But she should remain' in her room and in bed-for the present." «« Certainly, certainly," replied the steward. «« Thank you." As they proceeded downstairs and out to the gate through the panelled room again, the doctor could not help remarking that .? his conductor seemed ' extremely anxious, and he appeared positively relieved when the physician had been conducted to the trap which awaited him. After an effusive farewell, the steward returned to his wife's apartments, and the physician returned homewards. As he proceeded he ruminated upon the case ; the symptoms, of the patient, but, most of all, upon the peculiar behaviour of the husband. Had he had anything to do with the illness? Was he guilty of any deed which would bring him within the grasp of the law? Was it possible that Mr. Sandys' alarm on account of his wife was feigned, and that his anxiety arose from the fear of detection rather than from the fear of bereavement ? These reflections disturbed the doctor very much. Although he had noticed the anxiety of the steward, he had discovered no reticence in his statements. The lady also detailed her symptoms in a way which confirmed the physician in his diagnosis of the case. Yet.the husband was evidently alarmed at the idea of the appearance of certain curious, and evidently dreaded, symptoms; Now what those symptoms were the doctor intended to make it his business to And out. The appearances must be ex- plained. This could only be done at a subsequent visit ; and as during the evening the suspicions of the doctor began to assume a certain shape and to form certainty in his mind, he determined not to wait until the next day but one ; he made up his mind to pay another visit next day unawares in the afternoon, when, if there were any foul play, and if th*e poor lady were the victim of her husband's designs, the crime would be detected. Doctor Farquhar accordingly, ?' finding business rather lax than otherwise, set off on foot to Berry-Pomeroy after an early dinner. Keeping along the Totnes-road, first in a southerly direction and then turning westwards to the right, he came in sight of the lofty towers of the ancient keep which has defied so many centuries, during which time it has been in the hands of only two families-the Pomeroys and Seymours. Pondering upon the castle and" its inmates the doctor pursued his way until the gate was reached. The rooks announced his arrival, but it was not until he had rung the bell that he considered the neces- sity to account for his reappearance on the scene so quickly. It would never do' to announce his suspicions. He was admitted.1 The man, who was the same who had summoned him on the previous day, received him respectfully, and in reply to the doctor's inquiry said that Mrs. - Sandys: was rather better; he believed. This was reassuring, and the physician again' entered the bid panelled room, in which yawned a wide fireplace, beside which ascended the oaken staircase which led to a mysterious somewhere ! The patient did net expect a visitor. So much was evident, the doctor thought as he sat waiting, now pacing the room, his hands clasped behind his back; half repent- ing of his suspicions and of his sudden visit. He was gazing out upon the woods when his ear caught the sound of an opening door. He turned quickly to welcome Mr. Sandys, when, to his infinité astonishment, he perceived a ladyt richly dressed, enter the room hastily.' The doctor adváñced to meet her, but she took no heed of his presence, so distressed was ehe', wringing her hands in despair, and, hurrying across the room to the stairs, she quickly began to ascend. She paused for a moment as if to listen whether she was pursued-, and as she stood thus waiting, apparently too much occu- pied with her own concerns to pay any attention to Doctor Farquhar, he had the opportunity to notice her demeanour and agitated features. She then ascended the steps in the same quick, alarmed manner, and turning fully round, disclosed a beautiful face, but one whose features indicated an untrained, coarse, even a vicious temperament, worn and seamed, with fear and despair in the brilliant eyes. She seemed to the physician like one who had been detected in a shameful crime, flying from her fellow-creatures to hide herself from their gaze and companion- ship. Such a despairing look the doctor had never beheld save in isolated cases in which those he had observed were dying hopeless, in agony and remorse. ¡ " If ever features betrayed that within the wearer's bosom there dwelt a hell, those, features and that being were then present with me," said the dootor, when describing the incident subsequently. He was gazing «at her, wondering who she was and whither the staircase led, when the door again opened. The young lady immediately disappeared, though the doctor did not see her go, as his attention was directed to the door of the apartment, from which the steward advanced to meet him. " I regret to have kept you waiting," he said. " My wife was aelc ep, and I did hot like to wake her. I understood that you were not coming to-day. She is really better." "Then the symptoms you feared that I would discover have not revealed them- selves ? " asked the doctor. " What symptoms P I fear no symptoms. There is nothing alarming in Mrs. Sandys' condition, I believe. No,'' he muttered, as if to himself ; " let us get over it, and all will be Well." But, greatly to the doctor's surprise, the lady proved to be extremely ill- much worse than, on the previous day. The physician's attention was directed to his patient immediately, and the face of the young Woman was -banished- from his memory. Mrs. Sandys had suddenly become decidedly worse, . and yet the malady did not appear to have made any remarkable advance. ' The dootor, however, had not time to question the lady closely. He contented himself with prescribing some remedies which he felt sure would meet her case* and, after another examination, he with- drew. " I will come over in the morning/' he said. " I am somewhat pressed for tithe now-the road is long. Góod-dáy." "There is something, in his mind,'' muttered the steward, as Dr. Farquhar quitted the castle. ' : ; : " There is something on that man's con- science," murmured the doctor as he strode alongé thé Tórquay-road. «« I will fathom this mystery to-morrow. There is nothing dangerous in her symptom's, but she' is distinctly Worse. Some influence is being used; but what it is I have yet to discover." . Next day, about noon, Farquhar, deter- mined to fathom the mystery* bf the oastle, drove to Berry-Pomeroy, 'and was ad- mitted immediately to the bedroom of the patient. On this occasion he was not kept waiting for any unnecessary moment. He ' found the' lady somewhat better, and said so. Mr. Sandys seemed greatly relieved in his mind. , " Then the appearances you feared have not been noticed P " he said. "The roost alarming symptoms which 1 noticed yesterday have, in a great measure, subsided," replied the doctor. " They will probably give way entirely soon, but all immediate danger is past." " You give me new Hie," replied th« husband. " I was afraid--" " Yes, but talking of appearances," con- tinued the doctor, as the pair reached th< panelled room, in which Farquhar ha« usually waited ; " what explanation cai you give me of the sudden appearance, o that young lady whom I saw here yes ter day?". " , ", What young lady ? " asked the steward turning pale, and betraying every sympton of uneasiness. " There is no--" " Yes, there is ; pardon me ! I will b frank with you. I have had my suspicion here. Your wife is ill. A very handsorn girl is in hiding yonder. I myself saw he ascend the stairs. Putting two and tw together, sir, it seems to me--". "Great Heaven, sir; do you mean t impute criminality to me ? Do you dare t insinuate--*' " I insinuate nothing," interrupted th young dootor. " But I assert: that at time your manner has been strange; you anxiety concerning certain symptomi which you call appearances, marke« Your wife is ill, and fluctuates strangely I see on one of my visits a handsome gir whose appearance is hardly oompatibl with your wife's presence, here. That gi: is in retreat-in hiding-hurrying out c sight in fear of detection by your servant Who is she ? " " My poor wife I my poor wife ! " wi the only reply the miserable overseer mad "Yes j I can understand your feeling now," retorted the doctor severely. . "Yt are detected, but I give you warning, will not spare you should any fatal resul supervene." "Fatal results ! : Ah ll am sadly afra: they will supervene I " exclaimed the ma " Your narrative is true. No one has to1 you of this young lady ? You have se« \- her yourself?" N <. - "I have myself seen her," replied tl doctor. " The evidence of my senses sufficient. ; Her dress and appearance a iudelibly Btamped upon my memory, despairing face-a hopeless character, if am any judge. " Yes ! yes ! It is true ! " It i* true murmured the steward. " She will di My poor wife ! " " But how can this affect Mrs. Sand; unless foul play is intended ? The fact tho girl's presence is alone insufficient cause such symptoms, and I presume yo wife is ignorant of this creature's existen here. Mr. Sandys, let me appeal to yoi " I beg your pardon, doctor, as you W beg mine presently. This appearance h a great deal to do with my poor wife's i ness. She will diel Oh! it is hard lose her! Wait a moment: you ha accused, nie-have suspected me wrong I could take strong measures with y< but your ' ideas are1 not unnatural. Y cannot know the strange, sad tale whi clings to these old walls, and the fam attach little importance to it. Bu added the steward, solemnly, in a atran hushed voice, " for thirty years I hi lived in this place, and have never kno the omen to fail." " What omen P "inquired Farquhar, vi thought that his companion was going m or tramping up Borne tale to put him off the scent. « The... appearance of the spectre," re- plied :the man. " That girl you saw is no living being. She is a speotre-a ghost: a watning of death. Before my only son was drowned she suddenly appeared, and now my wife is ill. She will die-she will certainly die ! " ' 'This distress of the' steward waB so palpably genuine that the doctor felt ashamed of his suspicions. I' «í'But why doe's this Bhápé come? What is the anecdote connected with her P " " A shameful one' which I cannot now repeat. She was a daughter of a former possessors-in yonder chamber she strangled her infant. Ask me no details : they will not bear repetition-vice was too strongly imbued in her. She died soon, and her guilty soul is not permitted to rest, but appears to warn others of the approaching end. You can see the apartment; it is locked up, and is never occupied. My poor wife !" " She is better," said the doctor. " Do not alarm yourself so greatly. I will call again to-morrow." " At what time did you see the shape ? " asked the steward. " In the afternoon," was the reply, " about three o'clock. But my arguments " She took no heed of fa presence, so distressed was she, wringing her hands in despair." here would he futile. Your wife will re- cover I huve no doubt.'' " No, sir ; I have no hope. She will not live till to-morrow evening. You saw the figure at three. Twelve hous have nearly passed. Within the twenty-four I shall be bereaved." " Nonsense, man ! I will come here at three to-morrow, and And Mrs. Saudys as well as possible. Cheer up. Good-day. But, one word. Does your wife know of the appearance P " " She knows the fact, but not of this occasion--I shall not breathe a word to her. She would fret to death if I did." " Good-day," said the doctor. " 1 will come to-morrow." " It will be useless," muttered Sandys, sadly. " The die is cast." Next day Farquhar drove over to the castle, and his first eager question was for his patient. " She died suddenly about noon, tir. Master's nigh demented."; It was true. No up favourable symptoms had set in, but, from some unexpected and undiscovered cause, the poor lady's vitality become so low that she could not rally. A minute examination was made, but no other than natural causes could be as- signed for her death. This was a curious-and is a perfectly true-incident, but its confirmation, ae told by Mr. Ingram, is almost as strange. It appears, from a personal narrative of these occurrences, that when our young physician had advanced inJ years he came to London and made a very great name in his profession. He made friends in high places, and became the fashion. One day a lady called to see him and to consult him respecting her sister, who seemed to be wasting away in a peculiar manner. She had no actual illness, but seemed distressed and mentally worried. Doctor* then Sir Walter, Farquhar made several inquiries, and found, to his aston- ishment,* that the symptoms had been caused by sudden nervous terror. " You must confide fully in me, young lady," said the physician ; " if I am to do you any good. You must tell me the cause truly and fully ; the very sense of sharing your secret will ease your sister's mind, no doubt." " I am ashamed to tell you," she said¿ " my story will appear so incredible. I am really ashamed. It happened near Torquay." Suddenly all the facts concerning the appearance of the spectre in the castle came into the doctor's mind. Had this elder lady anything to do with the Castle of Berry-Pomeroy ? " Go on," said the physician calmly. " When there we visited the remains of the castle at Pomeroy," she continued. " After some delay we were admitted. The old steward who lived there was ill, we were informed, and there was some delay in procuring his keys from his apartment. My brother and I went out into the court, but my sister, who is now' so ill, remained in the great oak-panelled room alone, examining the fireplace and carvings. " As she was peering about, a lady entered suddenly, wringing her hands in great distress, and her actions were so alarming, and her appearance so sudden and strange, that my sister became greatly frightened. The figure or ghost suddenly disappeared, but her face and appearance have haunted my sister ever since, and We cannot arouse her. She is continually thinking of the spectre, and we find it impossible to * laugh her out of it.' " " Well ? " interjected the doctor. '.Of course,you will think me absurd," continued the lady. " It sounds so ridicu- lous. The more we laugh at her the worse she becomes. I am certain that she could have seen nothing, but she declares she did see the spectre, and as a last chance, know- ing your great experience, I have come to you." " Madam," replied the physician, " I will go and see your sister immediately j but do not endeavour to pursuade her that she is under a delusion. Such a course will only arouse antagonism, and perhaps fear for.the intellect in a highly-strung nature. Besides, there is no delusion!" " No delusion, Sir Walter? " " No delusion. Several years ago I my- self saw the same figure which your sister has described to you, about the same time, in the same apartment on the ground floor, and I certainly would advise no rallying or ridicule in this case ; in the presence of your sister; I mean;" " Certainly, Sir Walter j we shall do as you say. . < Good-morning." " Good-morning. By the . way, I think you said that the steward was ill at Berry Pomeroy. Did you. hear the result of his illness?'' "Yes; we made inquiry, and it seems that he died the very day of our visit-in fact, while we were exploring the castle that afternoon." » "Tha t is curious," murmured Sir Waller. He said « the omen never failed ' " . . . The lady quitted the house, and the great physician visited her sister. By a judicious treatment she soon recovered, and-was tirmly persuaded all her life that she had beheld the spectre which announced the demise of the steward. These manifestations inay: be mere coincidences ; we : do not pronounce any opinion ; we only say that the-basis of the narrative is as we have gi venait, and the narrative is vouched for by one who heard the facts from Dr. Farquhar himself. [The Australian rights of this story have b.-eu purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] ' -".--A.- ? .-«'ív7. 