SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (Copyright.) BY AN M.D. Autlinr. of ' Under a Spell,' 'Victoria Cross i .yalnur,' .'.'_ScK!iice. and.Siii,' ' In Love with ft .. iGhost,' ' Colidemned to Death,' &o.;, See ' CHAPTER VIII. A RIFT IN THE CLOUDS. i f-, Tlie warm, bright afternoon bad given place to *' grey and bloomy oveninii'as I'Hlartiid on - my quest ? 'after MniVral i Ponthier.'*- Tlie wind bad' risen 'a'nd .waS'inVianiiig sadly amongst, tlio dripping trees ' on .the Itouleviirds, ^whilst the drencluiig dowupouv and fitful gleams of lightning had nearly emptied .the streets of their . ple.i-.me seekers To me, this suddi n quenching of sunlight and bi iglit news was almost welconie, for liiilli.iney and gladness .ire diitasteful to a' mind overloaded with caro and an\ictv, and indeed I imagine that most men are a -It -.Ii enough to sneei .it the li.ippme-js of others \\.n n they themselves cannot loach it I was now invading a put. of l'nris which to me was forbidden ground. Unfa ieuling ol reckless ness or irritation prevented my experiencing thoso conscientious scruples wlucli bad' heretofore confined ' my footsteps to a more limitiNl and less aristocratic quarter than the, one I was now treading. Much ol t Ins deiiant state of mind, was due to the fact tint Dubosque,. the man I felt,. the deepest, friend ship for,, bad. taken such, an adverse, view of. my cuniluet , towards Jnlieias to almost openly .brand me . -is a sioundrt I ft. was liavd : work to ? discover' the. .residence of ; Cioneial . I'onUner, but. alter - an ? hour's ' constant' ini|iiirv, I was at, last directed- aright', and soon bad the satisfaction of standing: be I ore Ins door: 1 fni disappointment dogged my footsteps, for. the fa ii'wt'i/e liifoi'iued. mo that the (icneral would not. lie no ne until vgrv- late, thatmight. As it was. absn-. ?uielv necessary, to.inidiia , second iliefQce ; anptlier tw.'iil v-lour. hours .had elapsed, I , Avrote;a,iiiioto.jn- . tv.idiu-iug iuvse.lt ns lliii'Son of : an old. friend,-, anil' e.\ ila l n ii iir j t hi: reasnns 'winch. induced nii! to'iapplv to Iiiiii. llaving sealed this and dl'liveved it to tlie. ni iii. T siowlv descended tlie.steps,' and -niade . niv w.iv to a restaurant, where I dined, and then an id a si-r/.ed me that. I could not get rid of the tiino bei ter than by going to I lie. theatre. . .. . . .- As .1 . lelt the. rest'iiuraiit, I... found it still: . raining, and the, night, dark, aud ipicomtoi'lable: Hut, . »? good. dinner, ,b-.uli .dis])ersed:inv.. iiioodiiiess and made nio slook' at. the brighten side. (it ? nature;. and. ?i iticipate the tune; when L should lie, five to deivavt' rid seek oiu : J-.tbel . ior niv bride. ' 'l-.n^rosseil' bv these 'pleasing' thoughts, f disdained to ride: but i.illowed the stream ol carriages oil font, and linally . ic brilliaxt lights ot: the Iryninaseftheatre enticed . ill' ' ill. ? i : : \- lirJU-.l'amaii,' a clover- aud anuising farce,, was., being: per.lorined to an entliusiasfiu audience, who thundered lorththeirapplause at the close of .tho : lust. act.-. 1-had been suiliciently amused to joiu m ? r.-ie ovation, 'but,' as invariably ? happened when ever I began to enjoy invselt; the pale tace ot I-.thel' brandon seemed' to thrust, itself between ine and perfect enjoyment. I, left oft applauding, and bowed , niv head in prolound sorrow . ior some moments. Le.Maitre's bullet in all proliability -would . enectiially .pruvent.,iiiy. ever seeing her sweer .youiig lace again, i but I- took consolation im thinking ' that sbe, would know; I liad ahvavs iieen true, '.and had . gone to niv ditatli rather than wed another;' ; the fit. of dejection passed away; and, with a s gli, I raised niv head and wluled away the t.i inn in scrutinising mv' lellow-nien. .i\aturally, my e '.'es sought' the galaxy ol beauty who shone re \- s.ilendent above ine in 'gleam ot satin and glimmer ?ot pearls..'.. .Many a fair daughter, ot. .I- ranee, passed i i review beiore my. adiniriiig, !;a/.e, .yet Lmspected tl em -iimtch'-iu. - the.'sanie .'way ' as . I : would : any ' beautitul statue, lor theirripiiling smiles ? and sott; ?fraces'liad no power to evoke the least' emotion ot delight. ' ?' ' I wasj about to direct, mv languid inspection . towards the occupants ot the lower tiers, when a irlimpse ot a pair of. earnest, deep bine eves drove 1 s'lrssness away and sent the blood singing through mv- heart. - , with-paiiifiil raindity. - Up there,* fo my lelt, was a sweet.. image. — a. living reproduc-. tion of hthel lirandon ! Once before I had deceived ? mvself'intojbelieviiig.tbat L bad seen heiMlnve ipast me in company, with Dubosque. :\\\as that- beaut it ill' givl I was liow arde.ntly ga'/.ing at as unreal as she whom I had seen in the Chaussee d'Antin,'and was 1 only looking at a material projection oi my intense thoughts — my burning wishes i At last the agony of doubt, became: insupportable. 1 rose from niv seat, aud, regardless of anerv ex clamations at niv bad .taste m leaving- jWln 1st; the actors were holding the audience ? spellbound with , their pathos, pushed my- way ; brusquely past, the people, gained., the corridor, and r ascended ?. the staircase. -A ?douceur' induced the attendant. to un lock a door, and 1 stood in the presence of - Ethel lirandon ! ?' ' 1 ' ?rhe slight noise made. by my entrance caused her to tui^ii her head, and, as I stood in the shadow, she did not; immediately recognise me, but the. moment I exclaimed .-'..Ethel,??, in ,a . voice . broken with emotion., she . started, up,.: and , seizing, mj-: hands, - looked long and' earnestly in: illy, . face;: ..1' Gerald ! ' she at last exclaimed in a voico ringing i with pas-' sinuate delight,' ? Then, overcome; with excitement, she sank back on her seat. ' - ; . Ah 1 The tones of those accents went .through' ine as never did human voice before 1 They penetrated to the inmost recesses of my -mind, and told me that the World contained a , being; .whose : heart beat in sympathy with mine,, and whose affection was still centred in a man whose. life hitherto had been one of darkness and despair, v. Totally , pre-occupicd with Ethel, -1 was barely', conscious of- being welcomed by her brother, and I only heard 'his eager questions concerning myself as if' in-; a dream: Joy bad so silenced my tongue that beyond uttering her name I had not as yct addressed to her a single' sentence explanatory of my presence. When tho violence of my emotion commenced to subside, I began to feel the necessity . oi giving a brief account of my ?wanderings since the night f left my uncle's house. I had just uttered a lew words when a new arrival interrupted tiie recital. 1 started violently as 1 caught, the, sound ol his voice greeting Jack , liran don. .At the same moment Ethel gently disengaged : her; hand from mine, and rose irom her seat,, say ing, 'You are late, Monsieur de Dijonnais; the play is nearly over.' 1 grieve over the misfortune,' answered the new comer; '. not because I have lost some superb 'acting, but because 1 have missed one golden hour ot your. society.' .- , ( I felt that the man was not uttering a mere, well bred compliment, for a certain subtle tremor per vaded- his voice, and I intuitively recognised it as - tho suppressed ' murmur -ol a passionate love.' ?Heavens! How the blood rushed to my temples \n 'an overwhelming wave of furious jealousy! I turned sharply round on the speaker, and, to my ''supreme astonishment, met the glittering eye of Dubosque I. -? .. The. discovery, was a staggering one, .and for a few seconds neither .of us spoke, although I am convinced . that nothing' would have pleased ; - Dubosquo more . than to see ine drop dead ? beneath ? tlio 1 withering glance- of ? hatred which he steadfastly directed at inc. ' '' You gentlemen appear to have met before!' said Jack. lirandon . with a . blundering, attempt to avert, what had every : appearance; ot imminent', hostilities i 'We, have l'iinis\vered Dubosque,: recovering Ins , preseiice.ol''|iimd.,with marvellous celerity. ' Hut ? as I do notiwisli'to be iu his 'society, I- will with- '? draw:' ? .Suiting the action to tho word, lie' rapidly passed ? through' tlie door and disappeared. I stood rooted to the - spot,. with . indignation, at. the insulting tunes-, of his Voice, and ii iierce, savage paroxysm ot rage swept over mo, as a suspicion arose that President., Dul)os-[ue had purposely kept, me a prisoner in order., that he might, as Monsieur de Dijonnais,-' have a clear field to win Ethel to himself. This suspicion - became a certainty when I remembered lic*v die had assumed a perfect ignorance of tliu Jlraudons' exist ence, when he must have been oil terms of iiitlnincy with them during the greater part ol iny captivity.'. With. something, akin to nul l fury at haviugibe'en so . thoroughly befooled, 1 called out to the retreating figure to stop, aud theu abiuptl) started iu .) j.J'fiV// , : . ? ' pursuit, hoping to overtake him before he ?' quitted. tlie theatre. '. Hut I only caught one glimpse ot him, and'that-wasa's lie was iii the act of getting . inio a;cab. Hastily juni'piiig into another, I directed .. the driver to follow' at bis topmost speed, bat the 1 wm. a. wretchcd'', worn-out animal, who com ? niy (1 1 SLOin lituri: l)y falling and overturning the vehicle. .As. soon as I, could extricate myself fioni Uie .rfeif /.-i,,!, glanced around in search of my , tn.-iny, but, .alas,, lie. had profited so well by my .i|..udent, that he .had .entirely disappeared ! ? /I ue cool: night air had a calming effect upon my nt i vous sj stem, but Honiethiiig allied to consterna , . 1.10.1 usiii ped the place; of my former excitement as 'l-ieinembnred I had hurried from the theatre with out obtaining ? Ethel's address ! I looked at my w.it.oh ; it was much too late to hope to find her llieie still However,, I hastened back to the ( r \ mil ise, taking comfort in a vague idea that she in 1 liei brother might have lingered thero in expec ti'ion ot my re-appearance. But this last hope d -si-iti-d me when I arrived under the colonnade, fcr i'ii- doois w-pi e closed, and the place was dark and diheited. If r had been anxious to overtake Dubosque after In- ignominious reheat, I now was doubly anxious to ini.et him, for he could give me the information ?1- 10 J'thpl's, whereabouts, and, should he refuse to do »n, I was so terribly in earnest that I was deter mined to wring the secret from liim at the sword's ? pnillt,.,,:: . ? ? , A.- I retraced my, steps towards my chambers, b.i lllcd rage ga ve place to a softer feeling of pleasure ar. knowing that 1st, hoi'' was near me in this great i u\\. and that she had had the opportunity of seeing , ni : alive and freed from the clouds which had ..shadowed my intellect. This was the best of all \- (insolations, and.it hail such an inspiriting effect '?npoii ine, that ,. I, actually caught myself humming a ?lavoiiritc i Parisian air as I ascended the stairs ;. ol.iny. lodging. . , On appio.iching the door of my sitting-room, the sound of. restless footsteps warned me that I had a ifiulnight- visitor. I turned the handle, entered, , aj.id found myself : confronted by Dubosque, who laMantly ceased his perambulations and laced me i W1 'in expression ot countenance I shall not readily i.fui-Ki:t. Ills eyes seraned actually. to glare and flame with unbridled passion, whilst liis tongue gave utterance... to, invectives; of , the wildest,, fiercest, . most hyena-like, savageness- ? \\\ lien you aie calinei, I shall condescend to ask -.ou .i few questions,' 1 at last exclaimed, anxious to put an end to the vol ley of abuse - ,, Condescend !-' vociferated Dubosque. 'Dare you ?mploy such a; word to me—; you, who hav^broken your' ...j mu-ulei. I1 loin thisuiomeiit, 1 wash iny hands of yon. .nnd shall throw the responsibility., of your, safo custody. upon, t, he secret, committee:'' : 1 lefuse to be tcrrilied a nv longer bv - your bind , -of conspirators,' I ' retorted.- 'Ariib ias' i to :youi'v taunting ine with a breach of parole, 'look well ?' to : ? yourself, for your conduct' with regard to me ' aiid' the Brandons lias been one long-flagrant violation of . tne code of honour.' ' ' .Strangi.ly enough, instead of lashing my opponent into a greater fury, my., words . seemed to ciilnn him down to, a mood of aggressive cynicism.;' You find it, convenient to .forget, the : conditions upon 'winch you. were permitted an almost; unlimited freedom,' he answered. .'-Let ine remind you that .you con , seuted to isolate yourselt entirely from your friends '' llut - ou know that the lirandons were in Paris,' , I, interiupted.' 'You knew also that my separa tion fiom Ethel gave me unspeakable anguish Yet you could visit them daily, as far as I can gues yyitliout giving me a hint of her presence, *11110111 ottering to convey a tender message. You found ii ''convenient' to forget that Miss .Brandon's affection)-'' are entirely, mine. In this happy: condition ri forgetfulness, vou deigned to fall in love with lici yourself. Possibly on your declaration- of love, «lie ? may liave reminded you of what I have dinned into you with weavisome, iteration— that she and I were destined for one, another. Theu your fertile brain devised a neatlv contrived plot, wherein X -was in ; tall into the toils of the gambling club and into the arms oi Julie. , Failing to ruin myself, or rush blindfold: into matrimony with your ? charming ? ' Mademoiselle, you yet had one splendid trump card to play, .and that was Le Maitre's unerring pistol ! \ou see,-; Mons. Dubosque, that I am perfectly cognizant of tlie paramount necessity of getting me out of the way, and I think you have played your cards so well that vour success is certain, llut. by heavens, if I survive your gambling friend's isliot, you sliall meet me the instant after, and your i.perfidioiis heart shall be rent by the man you have betrayed under the guise of lriendship. Genei-il ! Fonthier will wait upon your seconds this very da v. ' 1 :i'Your imagination does you minute credit, ? responded Dubosque with a sneer. 'But it lacks one,elemeiit — truth ! Allow me to ask why I should deem your disgrace or deatli so necessary, when 1 have the inestimable happiness ol being already engaged to the beautiful Miss Brandon ? Ethel has pledged her word and will not break it, even if a thousand Gerald Grays tempted her to do so.' , lhe deliberate manner in which Dubosque announced his engagement nearly succeeded in con vincing me that he spoke the truth. The news completely staggered me, and I had to grasp1 tlie table to prevent myself from falling. What a fool's paradise I had, after all, created for myself in nurs ing the, conviction that Ethel's love for. me would stand the test of absence I Yet, in the. time before the clouds descended on my brain, she had loved me so absorbingly .that she often declared she was . miserable when away from, my society. Then when , illness upset my mental balance her 'devotion 11 possible redoubled. How then could I reconcile all this with Ethel's behaviour 111 so soon bestowing upon another man all the passionate devotion sin had once lavished upon me ? My whole nature rose in rebellion against casting such a slur upon her sweet, clinging disposition, and I therefore .came tc the! conclusion that Dubosque was either, coining. 11 falsehood to further his own nefarious ends, or that he had forced her; into an engagement by aoni,-. chicanery. ' ' rv As all these reflections by turn agitated mejdespan became converted into disgust at the idea of -Utliel ?life being influenced by the designing schemes : 01 ?; a scoundrel, who -exhibited no compunction tor tin havoc and torture, he; was preparing for her and me. Full of these thoughts, I poured, , out, my : ;vials , of wrath 'upon him. ..^Monsieur Dubosque, or by. what-,, ever name you choose. to. be.lcr.owii, I have ; but one remark to -make iaiuli.it- istliat .you have - i forced* Miss Brandon to pledge herself to you: by aittenngj a falsehood.' ' ' v ' Heavens, this ? is' too much, even- from you. - Gerald Gray ! ' ho exclaimed, white, .with passion.— 'I would liave suffered much lather than cross swords with. yon, but your last words have.; cut me 'Off: irom all escape, for, 110 De .Dijonnais can be ? called a I1.11 without wiping out the insult ' ' I have no intention ol , evading .your : ; wrath, 7. ,l.,i answered coolly. ? - » ',?-'- ( .1: 'Apologise !'-lie resumed' almost Irantically; ':&ay; that disappointed love' has uiiluuged your. mind, anil ..forced words from your lips 'which you' regret in . your calmer moments:' '' Do not compel ine to iigiit 'you,' lie continued 111 a. voice, vibrating' with. ? pathos, 'for of - all living men you -, arc . the only ?' one for wlioni l: eutertaui, a. deep, -t brotherly , a iicc- tion;' for you /I, would do anything, except surrender her who has interpenetrated my.- whole being . with such; passionate ? love; . t hat . her loss would ? make me curse God and die. .spare uh:, Gerald, . and do ; not- force one who would do-; you good ' to render you nothing -but evil.' : ' Your standard of lriendship and mine are as op posite as . the poles are asunder,' I replied sar castically, -although I .was secretly moved by hit pathetic, protestations. . 'No .perfect . . undoratandum can exist amongst- liien 1 unless, their, actions au above-board, and their honour beyond suspicion. Tnis is the test of true friendship. Assure me that y ur conduct will 'bear a -rigid exaniuiation, a:«l \- I will once more give you- niv hand and apologia ior the ugly epithet I have thought ht to apply you.'. ? '' 'You are mad to talk to me in this way,' saiJ Dubosque, as a gleam oi anger supplanted hiBSofte,' ex ression. .-,'You are a mere boy compared to mi both in years and knowledge, of the world. Thro\» aside vour obdurate hatred aud seek not to fasten ? a 'quarrel upon me because lam your successful rival. If you were ten years older yon would bava learned to conceal the pique and annoyance which is ei awing at your heart-strings.' ' ' He not evade the question,' I rcpl'id. 'At th„ I present moment I am waiting to hear your ex culpa! ion.' 'Perhaps you will prove your sincerity,' j- 1 continued, 'by informing inn of the Brandons' ,-uldross. * r/U' t 1 \ f ? ' , 'Do you'rtot ;know;it'?' lie asked, with an air of .:g«-i iiini* astonishment. - - ?' I dftrnwii '';.wiik my curt reply. ' ' llut.-surcly j-ou hitd plenty of time at the theatre li'i exchange' coiiiidences with Kthel, and to form plans for , future meetings ?*' ?? Hnlortuiiately, 1 ;had not been ha her society 'more thau;a .l^^v iiiiiiutiis ;when your entry and rapid retreat, urged me to follow you.' Cifhl'' :oxclaiini(d-Dubo.sque,' with such a visible l.yichteiiiiig of coiintenaiice tliiit I at once perceived ,:llh.id]e'xpbsed;iiiy iiand,and' tliat lie .had ascertained its \\\\-eakiu:ss. uCicl\' lie repeated. 'Hut I do not think 1 a'ui^ call6-V'up6n to 'furnish' a. discarded lover 'villi the means of persecuting my bride-elect.' ' 'Scoundrel ! ' I exclaimed, hoarse with passion. I' lbyou had a spark of manhood or of liouour within von, you would be generous enough to feel that my op ly -object in seeking Miss Brandnn would be to apsi-re myself of 'hw happiness, and then to wish , h'-r, a cloudless future aud a long farewell. If you are terrified at tlie 'revulsion of feeling my reap pearance may cause, it is a proof that you are '?aware of possessing the. slenderest, hold, if any, upon Ethel's heart.., I repeat once, again that you are-, a man void of honour, and a scoundrel to boot.' . ' I am afraid 1 come ? at an awkward time ! ' suddenly exclaimed -, a voice from the doorway. tfray pardon my inadvertence, but I have iiii pprtant business yyitliMous. Gerald Gray.' . 1 1! advanced towards a tall soldierly iookiiur old nl-nUeman, and proclaimed my identity. ?1 ought U- have known you at, once. You are a peiiect l#.eiie»s of my old Crimean friend.' ? ''.Ah, General I'onthier!' ] exclaimed, shaking In* .hand warmly, ''lliis is» kind of you to take so much trouble at so late, au hour.' 'Il have the liouour of wishing you adieu,' broke in Dubosque, taking up his- hat.- ' : ? 1 'bay rather ' an reiwtr, ' ' 1 ^returned haughtily. fllie General will call upon you to explain my M i-hes ' ' 1 1 I l.uliosqiu-. shrugged his shoulders, and, without deigning a 1 eply, quitt.ijd the. apartment. ; .'1 .1111 inclined to think that iny. timely, arrival liasjpiey ented a, duel 1 111 this very , room, and witli out'W it 111, said the. -General. 'But tell me now how l ean. serve you.' ' .: ' ? .- ? . , 1 ,oi ovi 1 halt -a n -hour I poured a detailed history .-.P.! oiitaiiglements into 1113' friend's ear. I con cealed nothing from linn, not' even t he fact of my being the prisoner oi 11 revolutionary society ot ? which Dubosque was , the chief. When 1* had finished, , the General tirst, looked 'grave, and then btirst into a hearty laugh. ^'-You aie the victini ot as neatly laid a scheme ?',- I have- evei heard of. 'lhe complicity ol the Ajaiqiiih de Dijonnais, olian Dubosipie, 111 the plot to as-i.i-i-iinate the Piesident of the Itepublic was ,, .suspected, butas no prnols were tortlieonung he . eieaped ])umshmeut, w hilst his wretched dupes were ctnidemned to long terms of penal servitude. The 'defection of .tlie. -gang ol lnalelac.tors and then- con viction took place al lour, the. tune you were 111 the hospital of Ste Marie; hence Dubosquc's assertion that lie was appointed your custodian was false, ..for there were no; conspirators; remaining to issue -such an order. lie evidently traded upon j-our tears , to keep you from seeing Miss' Brandon until she ?was trapped into marrying linn: lie appears to be almost unscrupulous ???man, and I advise you to remove yourself Irom under his roof without delay. Do not bo oolish enough to insist. - upon, fighting linn. Such a course, would only throw the. game into his bauds by giving I11111 the coveted opportunity of committing a legal murder.'. ? . 'But I am pledged.to meet linn,' I interposed. 'No honourable inan is bound to meet, a rogue,' said the General. '?Jle.-hns tricked you -for live long months, and yet you' rel use . to lie satislied unless you give I11111 the chance of trumping lus tricks! llelicvu iiie,,'You will lie better able to ffust rate lus designs : upon Miss Brandon by dis appearing Irom the .world ior awhile; and watching his every luovomimt, Irom the security of your luding-place. I will. take upon myself to discover the residence of your friends, and tlie task is not a djflicult one to those who iknow'iaiiything 'ol our police regulations.' ? ? 1 ? ?'?:' 1 thuik you are right,' I replied, after some coiiBiilci.ifinn. '? But what am I to do with 'lespect. to Lo M-.utre ? ' ? '* 'threaten .to liorsewlnp liini if lie dares to per . petrate the insolence of sending you. a cartel !-,' ' He has.alreadyi done so, and' I 'have only been waiting - to secure your services' before replying to ? it. ? : 'Do you think. that 1, General Pontlner, will figure in a duel 111 wlucli one of the principals is ttie most noted blackleg: 111 all Paris i- . People would savthat I am 111 my dotage.- Here, give me pen and ink, and I will soon, settle your .account with this r.i-.cal!' ' 'the General fiercely ..seized on the writing materials, twirled lus grey moustache, and wrote . rapdilv lor a few minutes. -I 'Mint will efleclually ^niiiMle linn,' exclaimed mv Iriend triumphantly, as lie; held up his letter. ' '? '.Now, lay your hands -upon any; property you wish to take away, jand ibid a linal adieu to your piison house.'' .' \ ' My -spirits rose as si passed -. into - -.tlie ..cool niglil air. There was a quiet assurance 111 the General s nv.iuiie.r wluc.lt convinced me. that my trials were, .over, -anil that beiore long I should be restored to Ethel vice De Dijonnais defeated. (2'o be continued.) \\\ rV : — - ? ?'.? 0, say what is wit, and resolve in a line - 1 What, philosophers covet, but cannot define; 'Tis u letter at study, 11 letter in motion; A letter, inflames will-illustrate tho notion ; 'JTis a letter you'll iliid, too, tiiat potirs through the . choir, , In cadcnco the liynihs our devotions inspire. Tun Unsubn. — Tho graves of tho best, of men, of the noblest, martyrs, jure, like the graves of the iroiTiiliuters (tho Moravian Brethren), level- and 1 .(indistinguishable from the universal earth',; and, if .. the heart would give of her secrets, our whole globe could appear 11 Westminster Abbey laid flat,. All! what a multitude.. of tears, what. : myriads of bloody drops hate been :: shed iu :sccrecy about the three corner trees of earth— .the tree of lite, the troe of knowledge, und the tree ol fi-eodoinT- shcd,:,biit!iiever::reck-inod ! ! It is only : gi-eiit poriods of calamity that, reveal to us; our great liien, as comets are revealed by.'fotal eclipses of the sun. .-;Not. merely upon the Held' of battle, but also upon t.lie consecrated soil of virtue, upon tho classic ; ground ofitriithV'thoiisands of nameless heroes must full and ' struggle to build up the footstool from which history surveys the one hero, whose name U ? embalmed,' bleeding, conquering, and resplendent. ;The grandest ot heroic deeds are those which are performed ' within four walls and in domestic privacy; and, because history only records the solf , sacrifices of tlie male se\, mid because she dips her pen only 111 blood, therefore is it than in the eyes of the unseen spirit oftlie world our annals appear . doubtless tar more beautiful and nolile than in our own. — Jean Paul liw/iler. JV.iujuisitus in a Pai.ack. — Queen Christina of Sj am is carrying out, to the intense disgust of her household, the rclorius introduced by the late Duke d'Aostn, by which the viands coming from the Royal table are retained instead of becoming tho perquisites of servants, as was formerly the case. Wine, fruit, bonbons, pastry, and any dishes left, as well as flowers nnd wax candles used for tlie Sovereign's table, never were allowed to appear again, and t he result was 1111 appalling amount of waste. At the Austrian Court the custom of ' perquisites' is still in full force, aud it. is difllcult for anybody who has not seen tins system at work to realise what it. really means. Some of tho servants are entitled to claim all the bottles of wine which have been uncorked but noL emptied ; others, thoso which have been brought up from the collar but left untouched whilst the wine that remains in tho glasses, after the guests havo risen from dinner, is bottled up c arefully and sold by tint teotiuen. Tho court servants make opeu traffic of the Imperial leavings, nnd the keopers of small hotels and restaurants buy from them fowl, fish, and flesh, not to mention pastry, bonbons, fruit, &e.; Many ladies belonging to tlio second-class society of Vienna como to tho basouient of tho Ilofburg to buy grand old wines at a low price, and to get the finest cigars for their husbands, at a cost far bolow what tliev would havo to pay for tho cheapest Ifavuuas. Candles also aro sold in great quantities by tho servants. Tlie Empress, having a positive horror of gas and electric light, forbids the use of anything hut purest, wax to light up tho palace, and it is very amusiug to see tho sorvants, to whom the half burnt candles bolong by right, nu-.ke a rush to blow them out tho moment the last guest, has walked cut of tiie royma. 