Z THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS, " I would give a million dollars for a stomach, said a wealthy American recently. Now, a mil lion dollars (L200.000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that' Drice. Mr Thomas Gsskin, of No, 3, Poplar Row, Dar- ley Abbey, near Derby, ia not so rich as many, be ing a gardener, bnt be was ready enongh to give alT be bad for one thing be hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say ; ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadlul pain af .er eitiog, a bad taste in my. mouth, which would fiil with water and slime, the latter -o th.ck and sticky that I often had to remove it with, my fingers. My chest need to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button' my shirt - at the neck. I vomited a great deal, ch efly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would strain till 1 bled at the nose, and the blood; rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted,' and sh.rt 'of breath and had to call the doctor, and was - in bed five or six weeks. "I then wen. as out-patient to the Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for six inonlha waa very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends Baid it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting tetter, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I cams to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in tne hospital were fn j, and I aaw my club doctor ana a so two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' Xou are in a galloping consumption, and must die ; the ether doctors after sounding my \- lungs and chest, ' Buid nothing, bnt shook , their heads.' "Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few daye. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing, and spitting up phlegm sometimes as- much as a teacupful a nee, and was afraid to go to Bleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me. At this tune the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were blood-- shot. My lips ana month were dry and I often broke ont into a cold clammy sweat. My tongne' was like apiece of brown leather, and I conld keep" nothing down,. Host over a atone weight in three weeks..: "I managed to get np for a few honrs at a time hot Was eo weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for honrs looking at my hands — nothing bnt skin and hone, and was bo nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite npset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 'I can do you no good; 1 can only patch yon np, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and" tried everything I oould hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, " Well, yon won't congh much longer, yon have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who- works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ?' and told me how he had been cured alter being in the hospital. He spoke eo much in praise of this medioine I Bent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores n. Victoria-street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, audi told him, as I tell -every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since, "Of course niy strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's fyrnp for six months 1 was strong as ever in my life and. have continued so ever since." /; _ . In giving. his consent to .the publication ot this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin reauests ns to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetlsy, Head Gardener, Darley. Abbey, who ia acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Ga'kin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent re putation. How, what was the complaint from which .he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors tbongbt), or he would have galloped ino his grave in less than "three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chron-c inflammatory dysp> psia (or chionic gastric catarrh), which has Iniig symp toms like consumption, for which it is so often ignor antly mistaken aod wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yie.ded, as all diseases of the ' digestive tract oo yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on his re covery, and commend the facts of his case to all flunking people. 