A Clever Satirical Dialogue. Ix tlie Nat Ional Observer is a clever dialogue, reflecting satirically upon the recent celebration, of the Shelley centenary. The scene is a wharf'on the Styx. In the ba ckground ii re the shores of the grave, and in the middle distance Charon and his barque ¡re- turning for freight. In the fore- ground is a crowd of ghosts just landed, to whom hastens, thc shade of Shelley, enquiring for " the last from London, please ! " One John Jones responds, the burden of whose replies to the poet's questions is, " Clare, Harriett, Mary, Jane." Shel- ley enquires if he is still an influence on earth, and is assured that he is; but on learning that the world has not obeyed his prime command and abolished God, he shows some irrita- tion, and asks how he is an influence on earth. Whereupon Monos (as manly as he can be) replies: Master of Song, O Bard, to whose ra/pt strain the whole .British race gives heed (and France would do so too if she could) for many reasons ! This gent haunts thy' shrine, because thou wert a thinker who, for our sins, had never time for thought; that other one, because ho holds his Byron tommyrot. To Brown thou art a kindred soul, who would have gone in Jaeger clad, hadst thou not lived or Jaeger was ; to Jones thine appe I tite for vegetables consecrates and crowns thy verse; to Robinson, and Smith and Green thy name and fame are famous for tho sake of what they read about-but not in-thee ! But Brown, and Green, and Jones, and Robinson and Smith-in fact the reading world at large !-are all agreed to adore in thee the man whom Harriett, Mary, Jane--:Shelley (nlop pinri Jun ears) :0 Tartarus ! To think that I made light of Deity, and still preferred the aweless soul of Man ! [Exit running. TJie gJiost of Jones pursues, still calling ladies navies. Curtain.] ENSILARE.-A correspondent who lins rm ensilage stnek wishes to know " if after hav- ing stacked fodder for a given time it could bo added to, without the moisture from the top affecting that underneath ? " Perhaps some of our readers can furnish this infor- mation. ' FRUIT ST AIMS.-Here is a use for whisky to which the most ardent temperance advocate, will not take exception. If your tablecloths, napkins, or thc children's white frocks have been spoiled by fruit stains, pour ii little cheap whisky over the spots before scuding the things to the washerwoman. This treat- ment will be found both efficacious and rapid. To keep the poultry free from vermin, their quartet's must be kept absolutely clean. 