fcormoi'T.] Fernbrook's Double. Romance of Maoriland. rff ' ' *" CHAPTKlt IV.—(Costixijkd). By Atha Weatbury. While tho fiddles are being tuned, and the players aro preparing for honest Philip Masiitiger's masterpiece, let mo talca up tho-wand of Ilermes anil put back old Father Time by Bix years'. ; , The world was younger and brighter for Victorino Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birth day, a birthday at whioli there had been an innocent drinking of lea at Major Hargrave's cottage, on the cliff overlook ing the Waitamata. .... Major Hargravo is a widowor,and as poor is Job. He is a man who has seen much life. He lia3 fought for Don Carlos, and dorivoj his military title from his service ? in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London havo in turn been his home. Ho has spent some portion of his days in South America, and is not unrememberod in Moxico. But at sixty-seven he has had enough of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wanaer n?s nnd relato his adventures while ho roposes at ease by his hearth ; pleasanter B tiU to havo his clover, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go as far nB two disponsed by a duller housekeeper. His cottago, at Purnell, is the pink of neatness; very small, but seeming so much the snugger for its sraallness, daintily furnished with the relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up as occasion served. Victorine is one of thoso active spirits who rise early. Sim gives her mornings to household duties, anil flits about light of foot, with jiloveel hands, and broad linen apron. Tho ni ijor, although ft soldier of for tune, has ever beiii an honest man. It* is his boast that he has lived nniong?t spendthrifts and social Bohomians, and jet n iid liis way ; that no tailor remem bers hint with a pang; that no time-yel lowed pugo in a fashionable bootmaker's ledger records his dishonor. In his retirement he amuses himaolf uiih literature, anil though this pastime widens his narrow income, he has more pride in his achievements than in tho ro inuiier.ition. The daughter is not so well utNiod with her surroundings. Sho has lived in this seaboard of Auckland for mnre than ten years, hut she has dim recollections of London nnd Paris, which come iitxl go in her memory like a dream in tho " Arabian Nights." To bo rich n:nl powerful, that is the acme of her ambition. Sho asks her father wonderingly, "Howhe can exist in this dull antipodes aftcrhisexpericnceof brighter worlds." The girl kr.ows that with oven less op portunities, sho ib more accomplished than most of her wealthy neighbors. Sings better, plays moro brilliantly, has u more general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and moro skill in making much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorine's pretty looks, her awoet voice, graceful winning ways, her clavornnss,- and general pood management. Sho lives in au atmosphere of praise; rises every morning to be. ad mired ; lies down at night ploased with her own beauty and Bwectncss. l'ho I.yndhursta are the major's nearest find dearest frionds. Mother and son are as fond of Victorino as if sho wore their own flesh and blood. Ofton in the Biun . mer gloaming girl and boy have climbed the cliff, aVovo the lioblo bay, and here have watched the ships glido to and fro, like grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Major llaryrave is at his boat as n dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a wliolo library to him. Ho lias bo embucd his daughter with a love of the great drama tist, that the girl has a veritable passion for the art. She knows overy word of Juliet, Queen Katherino, Rosaline, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia and Beatrice. Undor tho major's tuition Victorine has grown into a superb elocutionist. By tho winter's fire, while hor father smoked his pipe, alio has spouted the whole Shake sperinn round. He teaches her how the ?m?t famous actre?S of his day used to pause hero, or linger fondly .on a word there, or riso at such a'point to indignant passion. Ho remembers the groat Siddons, how her awful whisper went through tho Bloom of the theatre, as if mocking tho evil spirits. And Victorine hangs on his words with delight, and asks him again tnd again to describe tho wondrous art. Alton Lynd liurst is three years Vic torine's senior, and is fighting an uphill W? r a ! . lln ? 0 in 1,10 world of letters. ?iat little time ho can sparo from his *"rk is devoted to Major llargrave' 8 augliter,- for tho poor penniless Bcribe inoa worships her. It is tho ono gleam | Msuti?hii-e on his drudging life to read bhakcsp.are with her, or to play Romeo lcr Juliet. There is just enough in m uulikeness to all other womon to ; c ! | 0 of tho dreaming on* uisiast, who is as deeply smitten with 0 y true, absorbing, unchanging, "nal passion as a young man of twenty two can be. So on that high cliff, perched on the 6 " 8 Maj ? r HarBm '?' a Al;??! for tho unfortunato scribe. ttimM hands resting on bis 1 er , eyes looking into his, words "img swiftly, and with sobs borne Mug the eloquent voice, sho tells him, ili,n , t C ?" ldlovonn y onoifc would be c "uld forget her terrible ) i ? , es B r ' m want, and resign her I w 1 w " ded staii'in, it I Jrc ! r J Alt . on - But il >" ul been the I powerful ? t ? r hf ? t0 b?Como rich ftnd 1 L , ' ? mCrg f out of tl,e 8,0U S h "f 4 ?inti.v' P ovon - V > ,n '? *ho olearer light | ?'itijboroofaffluonce. m Aljon Lyndhurst goes back again to his work, shuts himself up with his books, and strives only as earnest man strive when love dies and ambition ia born. Beforo the year 19 out \ r ictoriiio liar grave is married. Amid the fever of Parliamentary de bate, and tho strong opinions quickening into life, and which had begunto agitato oven thoso remote colonists, Alton Lynd hurst found vent for his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman had been overlhrown like some rickety temple of frailest masonry, he had omerged ngnin from his wanderings to tho light of former guiding stars. Work had saved him ; hard, stern, unflinching work, : Tlio vory effort to forget his mad folly nnd' presumption, had brought forth n latent power, till then slumbering, and the result was 'fame,/ " ? -.".':?>'' Victorino Hargravo had tlio gratifica tion of:her .darling wish satisfied, inas much as she wedded oiio of tho largest land owners in the colony. In tlio ab. boiico of good looks, youth, and that necessary culture which lend ideal charms to love, her husband had abundance of money. Money, that .wo,poor dreaming rogues rail against ao bitterly. Tlio fetish whom wo all adore, rail as we may. Ah, mc. If Mrs. Victoriue Gayland was not thoroughly satisfied nnd happy in her married life, it was, perchance, because sho waa a woman, aud not the fault of her lord and master, who gratified every whim, overy desire of her heart, ao far as ready cash could accomplish it. Mtb.. Victorine Gayland wont to Eng land, and waa absent but two yoar?, when she returned to Now Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished and wealthy, Victorino Gayland beoame the fashion and the rage amongst tho upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. Tho wives ol the squattera and bankers who had hitherto shrugged their fair shoulders at Major ffnrgrave'o ponnilesa daughter, were delighted with tho brilliant, cap tivntiug, rich young widow. Those who had passed her coldly by horotoforo were glad at a nod of recognition from tho queen, whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst bo times in those two years of her married lifo. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitive cords of her naturo when she has pitted him in imagination against this money-getter who calls hor wife. Sho lias thought of him very ofton in her solitary widowhood, wondering why ho does not come; thinking him unkind and cruel for withholding his notico nnd his praise, now that all (ho world notices and praises her. Sho is amongst tho first to read that book which lifts lub namo at ono hound into notoriety. Oh, how ovory page prcnchc? to her of tho days that are gone, of those unforgotten days, when ho was hers, lying at hor feet in tho late autumn twilights, with the broad full moon shining upon those.i. Ho has laid his own heart upon tho dissecting tablo, anatomised its every pulse. Sho knoWB now how utterly that heart was hers; how torn and wounded by her desertion. Sho come? face to face with him once moro in those vivid pages, and tho very breath of that love day comes back to her. Sho roada, and the smouldering love flames up with a brighter, stronger fire, and she knows that she loves Alton Lyndhuret bettor, purer, than of old, and must so love him to the end of lifo. Ono day at a garden party, givon by tho popular member for West Auckland, Alton nnd Victorine moot again. The bello of fashion nnd tho rising author aro both changed; both are accomplished in the polito art of solf-repression. She greets him with graceful tranquility, ho with gracious candour. They talk of tho old cottage by the sea walls of tho dear doad fnthor. From that time tho idol of fashion and tho popular author aro friends, but thoro is no word of love be tween them. Tiinijnia omnia rcvehil. Cast thy mugic wand aside, O, Hermes. Lift tho curtain again on tho group gathered round Alton Lyndhurst. Tho theme is still men and books. Colonel do Roal is ono of tho latter party. Watch him as ho sits with quiet mien listening to tho talker. Thoro is ono huge sneor stamped from brow to chin, but it is bo subtle and refined that it appears like a benign sinilo upon hU fuce. " 1 often wonder," remarks Fonton Grey, n noted musician, who has come down to apeud the winter at the Rock, " 1 often wonder Hint among bo many books written, for this age. there aro ao few that seem calculated to mako people better." '"My doar air. goodnoss, from on iuiihetic point of view, ia tlio reverse of interesting," rejoins tho colonel, lilandly. '?Yet, Goldsmith has vonturod to depict characters that nro almost faultless," an swers Lyndhurst. . The colonel shrugs hia shoulders. ''True," ho says ; "but Goldsmith was a humorist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humor romovo.i tho insipidity of benevolence with his herotn. Fnii.-.1. is not gond, and lngo is simply oxoerablo ; but whero can you mutch these for in terest." Alton Lyndhurst looks with more at tention at tlio speaker than ho has dono hitherto. " Then you deny Mint there can bonny interest in tlio kind of roading which may U'nd to raise tho whole tono of one's being ?" 110 Rak?. "For my part 1 love Tomiyeon. One cannot road him without feeling bettor and braver." "Nay, virtue is so simple a matter, that it nflbrda few opportunities for art," responds do Roal, in tho samo quiet tone. "Vice and crime aro many- sided, and offer infinite'scope for tho literary anato mist. Ono Cleopatra, mighty and fallen, ia worth all. tho cold perfection of your modern heroine." TllO stago bell rings aa Alton is about to reply, mid thnt puts un end to all furthor controversy. Those-who to take part in tlio performance haste nway to dress, and tlio fiddles bagiu to tuna for the over ture. Tho most difficult part has fallon upon tho mantle of tho colonel; but "Sir Giles Overeach" fita him as if he had'' made it a life-ljng study! LadSy AHworth tinda'a worthy repreaøntntiv?e in Mrs. Victorine Gayland. . Tha rich. widow is au artist of tho firat ordér, oai woll as a womau of fashion. Ninø o'o!ock p.m.—SottJo youraolves comfortably in yonr Beat?. "A New Way lo Play Old Delita." A. play by Philip Massinger, writteu twu,. liandrcd and twenty years ngo. Sucli a picco ia jnat tho tliing for a drawing-room lilco this ona Aud tho costumes, so far aa tho lad?.* are con cerncd, aro aimply pcrfect. Up with the curtain. A niom in Lady AllworthV liouae. I'oudoirs, "bluo and gold, brocado and satin woort. The iv.iHs aro painted white, carved garlaiida of flowera and fruit ndorn tho poamlliiig. Old Vcnetian mirrors, refleoting dark bluo delf and rare old porcelain. f} rim Fernbrook has boon transacked to furniah this scone. Ten o'clock.—The applaus? ib loud and long. Hilton Fernbrook, who haa boen lourging about moody and. silent, gocs behind tho aeenes. . '' Ali, mon chcr, how aro you ?"cries tho colonel. ?'Accopt my congratulationa." replies the young man, with juafc the faintest touch of saroasm in his voice. " You are winning golden opinions, Bir." Colonel de Roal leada him aaidt. "My Son. If aoraci greåt cuthrusiast could suddenly spring up in our ?nidst, and raiso tho roofs ?ff tliese people's brains, aa Asmodeun liftcd the roof? of tliebuildings in the city of Madrid, what strango things \ve oliould lind this pleased and happy asaombly pondering." Clobo by the wing opposite, stand Mra. Gayland and Alton Lyndhurst. " Thi? night willmake j*ou faraous,"he whiapera. , Sho.lifta her oyea to hia for a moment, then repliøa thoughfcfully : " If one did not seek to vrin farne thcre would be rio sucli thing aa greatnes?." "Tho most lasting famo has becn won by goodness rather than talent," ho an awers, coldlj', and 1110ves away. Tho close of tho ontertainment i 3 very brilliant, and morgcaat length intoa ball, whon polkas and country dances ?Bhor in the groy dawn of day. CIIAPTEU V. ror.oNF.r. DK hoat.. Tho ball which follovved close upon tho heels of tho dramntic ontcrtainmont, was at its height. From tho half circular gallery abovo the gay llirong, it soemed tliat tho play liad just bogun. Thoao who liad take? part in tho mimic 3cénes hero toforo woro morged into tho picturo, and added tone and color to it. An old clock of antiqno modol, standing abovo the balustraded alairway, chiincd an hour aftormidnight as Colonel do lioal pussod onward with measurod treart to the suite of rooma beyond assigncd to hia use. Ho had not changed ono jot of his coatume as Sir Giles Overreach, excopt the heavy wig. lie entered his room, took a wot sponge, andcarcfully romoved all traces of tho dark lines which had beon streaked upon his face by the costumiers, who had given it tho hard, atom aspcct of tho groedy, money-grubbing hero of Massin ger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the Colonel stood before the huge mirror and complacontly stroked his largo moustache reflectivoly for somo considerablo time. At tho furthor end of tho apartment tho ro was an old wcather-beaten trunl; standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labola of divera' colors still adhored to it, proving tliat it hnd bcen a groat travoller in ita day. Whatever might have beon tho Bubject of Colonel do Roal's cogitations, thoy evi dontly had aoine connecting liuk with tho valiao, for, histhinking fit endeel, ho pro duced a key, unlocked the receptacle, and took thorefrom somo documents, together part of an old newspapor. Theae ho thruat into his doublet. Aa ho was about to closo the trunk a sccond thought seeinod to ocour to him, for he plunged his hand amongat its iniacellaneous contenta, and drew forth a small revolver. " Gnston do lloal, you liavo existed in this boautiful world till you aro old aud grey, but your trust in human nature has not beon improved by timo mon <im!. Truat no one is a gond maxim. Tho great ost militnry genius of any limetrti?ted hia friend Hrulus, and Urutus murdorod Ciuiar. Ilnmph t rost thoro my friend till waiitcd,"ho continued in a mnttorod tone. "WUon ono liaa to play with a skilled gamester it is woll to havo moro than ono trump card to hand." With the aamo moaaured, aoldiorly troad, wh\ch appeaved part and parcel of the man, he went outalong tho corridor, smiling and bowing with conrtly grace to many who hnd taKen possession of tho grand stairc.aso to kisa and tlirt, and as ccnding a amall lt*ght of stairs branching therefrom, entured a chamborsituated al inoat at tlio apox ond ot tho huilding. Tho apartment was a sort of retreat or Binoking room used by Hilton Fernbrook, and 011 tliat account was hold Btrictly private from all iutrusion by tliat gentle- giiosts. Nevortheleas, tho Colonel inarchcd in wilhout ccreniony. Hilton Fernbrook waa seated, conning a rough chart sproad out on i table be ford him, whilo Timothy Sharpe, hia man, iatroducrd in tho (irst chapter of tliia history aa tho Ferret, stood by, ready cquipped, as if for a long journey. Tim latter pordonago was evidently dia turbed at the Hight of tho intrudor, bilt Fernbl-ook roso quieily and bado his viaitor welcomo. '?Wo will deforyourdeparturo, Sharpo, until the inorniiig," he said, folding up the map and placing 't in nn iron box, which ho locked. "Nowgo." " Pray, don't lot mo diaturb you, my j doar Fernbrook," begau tho Colonel. i " Ile aeatocl, sir. Tho business is of litt le importonce," rojoinod Hilton, draw ing an easy fihair towards tho (iri 1 . "Good night, Sharpo. CIO3O tho door." Tho Forrot bowcd aud retirod, but not I through tho door which do Koal lmd en ti-rod. 116 drow asido a thiok otirtain i which divided the room from a doep re ces?'fillod with uaolosaguns, fishing tackle, &c;, and mado hia exit through a low doorway behind it. ' - Tho mastor ?of Fernbrook nnd his visitor sat in silence for several minutes after tho departure of tho Ferret. "My son, I foel inquisitive to-night," said tho Colonel in his blandest tono after, a long pause. " I'm afraid I have an noyed you by coming here unexpected ly-". '.- " Not at all. Colonol do Roal is quito 'at liberty to go whore he. pleases here nt Fernbrook. Rut what ' aro your de birqsV" .... . ..' , " What is- behind thnt screen ?" "Npt' l " l " but old lumber accumulated, the Lord know? when or how." . " And the.doorway there is in the re cess?" , "It lends ton passage opening to tho stables'bolow, that's nil." '' Humph'! ' This ia but a poor, unat tractive .apartment, mon (her, with so many at your'eomma.nd, and. vory much superior in tho wny of embellishments." Hilton Fernbrook turned and looked full in the face of hia companion. "This room suits mo," ho responded slowly. "Hero. lam secure from in trusion. Come sir," he 'added more quickly, " yoii have not sought mc in my den to ask silly questions at two o'clock in the morning." ? "No, my 6on, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain that we are free from intrusion?" "As free as if we were out yonder on the ocean." " C3ood! cried tho Colonel in his usual smooth voice. "After all I have not ecroe to tell of gho?tv and goblins, and of mur ders dono at midnight. Neither have I any secrets of church or state to' unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my sole errand is to show you a paragraph in an old newspaper, which may possibly interest you." "Thank you. What newspaper 5b it?" " The * Sydney Morning Herald, 1 bear ing dato of 13th March, 18-—',"' replied tlio Colonol. " Twelve months ago." "Exactly." ''Tho news is certainly stale." "But perhaps none the less interesting for all that. Some kind of information, like old wino, is all tho hotter for being old. Shall I read tho paragraph ?" . "Do so." Do Roal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing his gold eye glass with due caro and nicety, ho pulled forth the paper from his doublet and began to road. Hilton Fernbrook looked at his com panion with a smile, but it was the cold habitual smile of tho practical man of tho world. Abovo it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and tho brow frowned over the eyes liko an over hanging thunder cloud. " It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that the burning wrock seen by the ship Duidiaiii Va.ttle, eri voyage to New Zea land, was none other than tho schooner "Seagull," which disappeared so mysteri ously from this m port some months ago. It will be remembered that tho Captain of tho "Sengul " engaged a crow of six men fjr a voyage to Tonga, Fiji Islanda. On tho way tho crew mutinied, and put tho Skipper ashore on a small island within a day's sail of Hauti, nnd there left him to his fate. By n pure chanco Captain Bowls was discovered nnd taken on board the S.S. Stoymblril n month afterwards, aud brought on to Sydney more dead than alive after terrible suffering." The reador paused, and looking at his companion, said— " My son, what do you think of it ?" Hilton Fernbrook shrugged hia broad shoulders. "Think of what, Colonel? What in terest can 1 havo iv tho doings of such wretches ?" " Merely for study, dear boy. 1 know you are fond of describing tho motivo power which moves the criminal class. Hear this—" It is known that one of the mutinous crow engaged by Captain Howls of the ' Soagull' was beyond doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mnuprat, an escapee from Portland Prison, Eng land." "Rumor hath it that .this convict ia well oducated and of good birth, his father being no less a personage than M. AugU?to do Mnuprat, Consul at Port Royal, and his mother Berth Pierpoint, a Creole of gond family in Jamaica, West Indie.?. Ho was sontenc-'d to seven yeara' penal servitude for killing a British officer in some gambling brawl, nnd has, bo far, managed to elude recapture. It is nlsu believed that nnothcr of the crew was formerly Mauprat's man or valet, and who, under tho nmu <h<. \ilume of the 'Fer ret ' was known to the continental polieo ! ns the most brilliant card-aharper of tho j day." Description of the escapees :— . "Mnuprat—age nbont 27. tnll nud gon tlomanly ; carriage, military; com plexion, very dark, but clear ; head,long; hair, bluok and curly ; forehead, high ; black piercing oyos, well cut nose and ) mouth ; frame, strongly built; hands and font small. Muuprat has n peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder which should J ' easily lead to tho detoction of this dan gerous criminal." " Docs this picture remind you of any j ono you ore acquainted with, my dear Fernbrook ?" asks tho Colonel, taking his j glass froiii his eye. j " Why should it, Colonel de Roal ?" " Oblige mo by looking in yonder mir ror while 1 road this description of the escapod convict, Victor Mauprat," says tho Colonel, blandly. " Pshaw I My dear sir," cried the young man with a sharp laugh, " your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yourself nt my expense if it so pleases you, but pray soloct a moro fitting model for my like ness." Tho Colonel fixed his glass and lookod at him with n coldstnroof Burpriso, whioh hnd iv it a subtle touch nf satauic humour, which might havo robbed an ordinary individual of his self-possca-.. Bion.— Ti> he Continued. FJO 4 i 