An EVENTFUL NIGHT, OR THE CAPTAIN'S PERIL. ;CHAPTER II (CONTINUKD). : Captain Golagent was no coward, bat, standing there, in the room of that lbriely inn, with the knowledge that a murdered corpse lay beneath the bed, and he, too, might soon be attacked, he - felt his nerves quiver with excitement. The light had fallen on tho side of the alcove, and he saw there a line descending j erpendicularly along the wall to the ground. The paper that covered it was of an intricate pattern, and it was at this spot shade I by the ample drapery of the bed He ap proached closcr, and the light fell on the wall. He saw then that the per pendicular line which had attracted h s attention formed one side of i well defined doorway cunningly matched into the pattern of the paper. He touched it, and it shook slightly, but it was securely fastened on the outside. tie stopped with an involuntary gasp. What was the meaning of a door so artfully contrived and in so strange a position ? He guessed clearly enough.^ The other door, with its obtrusive 'fastenings, was but a device to delude the occupant of the room into fancied security. At any moment, and probably without any previous warning, the secret door might open, and he would then be at the mercy of treacherous assassins. He saw with dismay that he was caught like a mouse in a trap. What could he do ? , . ' - He stood and thought. With futile regret he remembered his faithful dog shut up in the stable; outside, and de plored the easy confidence with which he had consented to their separation. Otesar was no mean antagonist, and, had the gallant animal heen beside him, Jbe might have kept the ruffians at bay. Bat, now the odds against him were .tfesVf.5 ^ : v'' ' . . f ..Suddenly an idea flashed across his mind; rV Ifc' wi9' horrible and dangerous, but he thought it might possibly succeed, and' there was not much time for deliberation, for the peril was pres ing. Therefore he proceeded hurriedly to carry out the ghastly plan that sug gested itself. \- .He drew forth the bale of carpeting from under the bed, and with hasty hand ^unwound the lifeless body from the dusty folds. It had been partly stripped, and a deep red stain on the . left side of the under-clothing showed that death had resulted from a stab surely aimed at tho heart. He lifted the body carefully on to the bed, closed the glassy^ eyes, and laid the dead man down in an attitude-that looked like natural-repose j the left side lay uppermost, and the left,: arm :was thrown over the head, leaving' the side defenceless ? then lie drew the coverings well up so as to shade the pallor of the lifeless face. fie trusted that, when the assassins entered, as they certainly would, to serve him as they had done the other, in their guilty hurry they would not think of looking closely at the figure lying in the bed, and that thus the murderous knife would be used upon the dead instead of upon the living. Then be lay down himself under the bed, and drew the folds of the carpet partially over him. He had extinguished the candle, his despatches were in his pocket, and ho grasped his pistol, with its solitary bullet, in readiness for the moment of supreme need, should he be called upon co defend his life to the uttermost. . A pause of dreadful expectation ensued It mis not the first time that he, the living man, had lain beside tjie silent dead. But then he had lain wounded on the battle-field, with the tread of comrades cchoing still in the distance, and with tho wide pure vault of Weaves overhead. Every .minute he passe 1 in the murky crime-stained chamber in which he was trapped was infinitely more horrible to him, in its awful silence, than all the weary hours he bad spent in helpless suffering on the great ^plains; where thie brave dead lay so thick around. The house was treacherously still, 'SAve when ever and anon a fierce gust of wind shook" the crazy window-panes. Ever and anon too the. dog in tho stable outside uttered, an impatient bark or fretful howl, or gave noisier demonstra . tion of his wakefulness by, springing 'r angrily ; against the door, that kept hiiu a prisoner. At last lowever the dog too lapsed into silence. Only the .watcher under the bed remained '.vigilantly wakeful, all bis senses in an «wfiiV and unnatural1 tension, listening intently iv. the deep silence of the night. .... A clock on the landing struck twelve. itsyBlow/halting strokes fell sharply on bis ear, s sounding each like a knell to his excited imagination. . As the last stroke. dic.d away the heavy oppressive silence resumed its sway. Presently there was a-faint creaking sound on the worn stairs-stealthy cat like steps approached cautiously^; then there was; a: pause. The captain s heart gave a great bound, and he. listened breathlessly. There was an interval of death-like silence. The person outside was listen ing too. After a while, he seemed satisfied, and a slight fumbling sound was heard; accompanied by the careful turning of a key in a well-oiled lock. There was a* low rustle as the paper edges of the secret door parted, and a light' streamed in through the aperture. The watcher could not see, but he knew what Avas passing 'ihe assassin was standing on the threshold, and he had thrown the light oE his dark-lantern on to the sleeper in the bed. For an instant he hesitated, but the cato'ess attitude of tho prostrate form em boldened him. " He sleeps sjnnd !"' The whisper rang through the still air likG the hiss of a deadly serpent. Jt was the old tuau's cull to his son to advance and strike tho intended victim of their greed. At this critical moment the dog out side awoke. *nd began to hark furiously, throwing hitinelf vith noisy reheated vehemence .against t: e stable, door. Some instinct--of danger to his master, aroused perhaps bv the sound of steps moving about or by the passing gleam of a light, had disturbed the trusty creature and made him wildly restless. His roaster heard him, with a strange sensation ol helplessness, and so did the miscreant intruders. t ? ««Curse the dog 1 He will wake him!' hissed the other voice. " Don't lose time then ! Strike, you fool-strike! " ' ' The brief colloquy took but a moment, but the ' sliort delay -seemed an age. There was a hurried stride forward, then a dull thud over his head, and a | 'second, and third. 1 he great four- post bid shook and creaked as the heavy blows struck the lifeless , form that lay there, but the cold steel "evoked no cry. With a ^shuddering gasp the;. murderer drew hack from his foul work. \- " It is well done," said the remoreless Toice of the old man.. " He did not make a noise-that one ! " " Ah, see the fine gold watch-that's well worth the trouble I Bete, do you, tremble ? Bah, let us finish the. work at once ! I will-carry down this one ; you | take the other to the old well-you know." , f: It;wis not over yet then-the actual (struggle £w«is all to come, ! Captain Golngent nerved himself; for it and, throwing ~sside the wrappings, waited j for the moment when the valance should be raised "tb spring up andrfire, and then close! in deadly sconflict with his -as-i sailant. Theretwa9 «rlittle further delay.- JEhe murderer hesitated to comply with the | suggestion of his father. He was, how ever, just about to lift the valance in order to draw forth the supposed,corpse, when a most" unexpected interruption topk.placfl.; The ha!f-«pened door flew back-on its' hinies and npantinr* crea ture bonnded in and threw , it self with j wild fury tipon the stooping figure of the assassiu. "It Wa^Cresar Y With a' furioas grip the animal fastened .on- the outstretched hand ,of his,miscreant, nearly severing 'hii tHnmb before he could be dislo -god. A frightful oath and wild yells of pain rang through the chamber, and the man dropped the valance, while the other came to his rescue and- struck at the dog. With nmch trouble they con trived to reach the door, and to slain it I hastily between themselves :, and their formidable adversary, as" they retreated] terrified and bleeding. The gallant animal, though bruised and wounded in the fray, fawned with rapturous joy on his master, who crept, forth unscathed from his hiding-place, and who, with that trusty friend beside him, felt comparatively safe fromv further attack. The pain and rage of the, craven fel low found vent in frantic cries, which sounded more like the roar of some wild, beast than any human utterance, and Xtaesar replied-to them with' a; growl of mingled fury and triumph. : No one came near the chamber during the rest of the night. The wounded man needed all the care of the other, and it wai not likely that they would risk another encounter with Ca33ar un aided. It seemed therefore that there were not any other accomplices within, call. Subsequent examination of the stable door gavo the clue pretty plainly. The hasp that had held the bolt was found on the, ground, and the bolt was hang ing useless on the door. The nails that had held the hasp were old and rusty, and must have given way under the re peated shocks given by the dog as lie sprang' with violence against the door, which was fastened, and his keen scent would promptly guide him to his master's side. At length the gray dawn came creep ing in through the unshuttoted windows, and Captain Golngent completed his preparations for departure. A distant j tinkling made him aware that the world was beginning to stir, and that other human beings were awake and probably not far off. The cheerful sound of the tinkling bells came noarer, and he found to his satisfaction that it proceeded from the teams of some waggoners, who after a while appeared within sight, and drew up at the door of the inn to water their horses. . He. judge! the moment favourable for his descent. Unlocking the door and holding Ca33ar firmly by the collar, he went softly down the front stairs-by which he had come up on the previous ] night, and appeared in the doorway of the parlour. The old man was there alone, having just returned from serving the customers outside. Turning suddenly round, he found himself confronted by the1 stranger, whom he believed to be lying dead up-stairs. An ashy hue over spread the hardened face, and terror j made him drop the glass i& his hand., He thought it was the ghost of his victim that stood before him. ^ " Bringme my horse ! " said Captain Golugent, with stern brevity, vouch safing no word of explanation. The man did not wait to be told a second time, and, having fastened the bridle of the horse to a hook by the door, he slunk away silently. The waggoners looked on curiously] as the officer mounted his horse and rode away sternly and silently ; but he; judged it wisest not to gratify their evident curiosity. He pave information of the murder which had been com- ' mitted-and which had so nearly been a double one-at the first police-station which he passed. A few hours later the officers of justice arrived on the spot, but they found the house deserted by its | owners, and all traces of the recent murder carefully obliterated. | It was not till after several years had elapsed that the two miscreants who on I this occasion had baffled the pursuit of justice finally suffered the penalty of their crimes. Some other notorious! murder was traced to them, and their last confession led to their identification as the former hosts of the ill-famed ' Waggoners.' A well-merited though tardy retribution brought both father j and son to the gallows at la?t. Captain Golugent returned from his errand in safety, and lived for many years to enjoy the distinction and iewards of a gallant though chequered: career. New WIFE- -"To-morrow is your birthday, darling, and I am going to stop at the jeweller's sind buy you a present. Ser hubby- "Get something cheap, pet, I haven't paid him for my Christmas present yet." 