QUEER STORY. I FROM "TKUTB;" I- FOILED, I innposo I. nra»t let you gor Torati, but I don't h»lf like it. . You ve over beoii nwav" from ma before, end I Ihnllir.fca vou fikhtfullv 44 f" Yea. I bopo you'll lot me go. Jim. don't want to bo bo Hub, but 1 should Knjoyitso much, and, after all, you can Ico mo every day if you like." They were husband and wife, these Biro, and had boon married just a yosr. ilieir curried life up to thin point had Been ouo of unclouded happiness, ana. Borhaps. the term 44 married lovers" Best expresses their rolations to ono another, Jim Kennedy wai a fine speci men of a man, tall and broadahouJdertd, But no one over called hie item, ragged Bice ' good - looking, though thero Bore people who found in it I " ' charm that handsomer features Iftonlack. Norah, on tho contrary, was Ixtremoly pretty, thoro could bo no two pinions on that point ; hor tall, slight Igure, clear, fair akin, crisp golden-brown air, and deep bluo eyes, fully entitled lor to take rank with tho beauties of her lex. Jim was well awsro oi this fact, Ind the knowledge afforded him great ratification ; porhapa tho prido of pos- lession, so prominent a fcaturo in no male character, was even inoro wrongly dovelopcd in him than in most pen ; at all events, his prido in his Bretty wito know no bounds. His dovo- Ion to her was quite proverbial among poir friends nndneighbors ; nothing could Ixcccd his tender caro and forethought in 111 matters that concerned her ; alio was liways bis first consideration. His was a furiously containad ond concentrated Isturo— a naturo that was incapable of pore than ono lovo — and she had stirred Lto -its qtmoat depths. I Tho subject under discussion was an mvitntion that tho Kennedys bad received p spend a fortnight at one of tho neigh- Ibting country houses. This invitation lira, for business reasons, was obliged to recline, but there seemed to bo nu good lesson why Norah should not accept it, Ipdfilio was very anxious to do so, being, laturally enough, greatly attracted by ke prospect of unlimited fun in tho pdpo of dancing, theatricals, and all tho Ibonsand-and-oiio-amusomeuts that aro liways rite amongst a large country liouso I arty. 1 . 41 It isn't as if it was far away, you now. Jim," ijio urged. 44 Why, Wood- Kinds is only tbreo miles from hero ; you |iu walk or rido over to seo mo as often as ou liko. Of course, I am awfully sorry |Snt you can't go too, and I shan't enjoy lihalf OB much as if you wcro tlicre ; out l.-' can' toll you all about it nftur- L'hrde, and it seems bo ungracious p. rufuso IVIra Mcrvyu's invitation lltogcthor, when there is roally no reason It all why I shouldn't accept it." p: JJm looked down at tho eager, uplifted lice, and smiled. \\\' You shall go, dear," ho said. "I l$y bo selfish, but I liopo I am not selfish laough to do you out of any pleasure just lecauso I cn'fc share in it mjsolf. Of liurso, you shall go : and if you want- any lew toggery you had bettor set about letting it at once." I 44 Oh, you dear old Jim t " cried Norah, Ilnging bur arms round his neck, and Kissing him after her usual imnuleivc, Itrliah fashion. 41 Oh, you doar, ueur old I im 1 " I So tho weighty matter was settled to lie satisfaction of all concerned, and in |ao course Nornli went off to Woodlands, |i a very foicliing new gown and tho Bighcst possible spirits. t; When alie>had bceu away for two days, Kim rode ovor to sue how things woro Bping . on. Ho arrived at. 'Woodlands bout half-past four. andWflj received by Biornh in tho library, evoty other room, |Ch9lltfocinod him, being turned topsy- Krvcy ; omocTearcd for daneing, and iaie Vtvuu UP fr theatricals, which wero lit then in process of rohearsal. 1" And how aro you enjoying yourself ?" »ked Jim. 44 Oh i Bo tnuoh," Norah answered, her Kright faco ' aglow with oxcitcinent uud caauru. 44 it is perfectly delightful. 1 Biiy wish you were hero to enjoy it too. Bo you mis mo very much, Jim I" ' Frightfully." said Jim, whh n littlo Bnh, "I feel quito lost without you , but Savor mind tbat, toll me about yourauif. Bfhat special hno liavo you taken up 7 Bre you going in for theatricals 7" She shook her head. B4 No, lam afraid 1 should bo no good withe stage. 1 have had no praetico, you Blow.. 1 enjoy looking on tnnnonscly, Kl there -is plenty of fun to bo got out of Kncing and other things." , "Mrs Morvyn is a clmkiog aetross," ob- Kr red Jim. B4t Yes," Norah agreed absontly ; " she awfully good, and is going to play all tho Boding parts." After that sho was silent for a few Binutes. looking into the lire with a Equghiful and pro-riccupicd air, tiiat binewhat puxzled bur husboud, who KOAmoro accustomed to licr brighter K4: A penny for your thoughts," ho said, Kb list.' RJ|orah stg glancod up at hint B-JSp&a.sB5B;»'xprcaaion. bum 'rvousiy, 11 if I say 1-fciJ- Jim Kfayo """a. Will you !" |iliiylBjt>l).- <f courao not. 1'ko-" oo „Jl,nip tl.ot I overheard," W? r fo3dWitlv lingoriug his coot l kelp hearing it ; 1 ei> j at 1 couldn't help it. hire fculySid Mm Willis wero talking, Kavl' couldn't help hearing what they Budbut they didn't know tlint I was par;'-;Is it truo.'Jhn— is it true tliabthcre Ba;revor anything between you and fcrtMervyn? K&luary; frown crossed Jim s face, and BpnUeredla eharpexolomatiou. BcOdiifound' the womonl" ho criod, rily. 44 What a lot of chattering msg- 57-Dh,-' Jinil" -Noxali plosdod, » don't Ai'i jnsii ', you said you wouldn't. It isn't BrVvqioe quivered a littlo and some- BffMspiciqusly. liko tears glittered in |E5nght eyes .Jnn muttered iomodiing imiitr k;' breath us ho lookud down at her, rm. round hor waist, and KgrTpr eloso to hitn. BjMJHeten, Norah," ho said,' imprcv- BW( 4 I am going to tell you tho wholo Srhand nothing out the truth. A yoar RtWo nco I yae'rntlier intimato with tho nsad tqxomo-to Woodlands BB&ft; deal/. Mervyn and" I hart, always Rsenji gqod -frionds, . and at that time llfrs Qfvyh'and -I seomed to get on un- Ibciraonly well/1 can swear that I never lEve lier a'' thought even that passed tho liMnda '."pf .friendship, and it was eomo lirnD before it dawiicd on mo that she was Ipyinff to lead mo into a flirtation. When Ifc laflt J .woko up to tho ntato of Inb esse, 1 gavo Mrs Morvyn toundentond feat that surt of thing wasn't my lino, and Kbenpromptly clo&red; out. I havo always ItOpf on frlondly torms, boesuso I thought Iftttpeoplo, would begin to think and talk Ig-we bad ah opensplit, but I have novor Iftorau hore much sinco then. ' That is the »rUth «if the wholo matter." If-The quiet tone and aiaple, etraightior- Eard vrurdscarried conncUoa »ith thiini, laidKdriah's perturbed fsce.dhuplud into Kimilo as sbR Oskod-r iV ; v : . K> Wby diiVyou never tell t»e tills be- B»%rii«ii-r-:v- . EV' ily dcnc child," he answered gravely, P'aian; doesn't care to tell tales of |&qt;" kind at the ; expanse of a wnnian, Kciito bU wife. DBvldei, I. had almost KtMdttoh the affair, and, iu all probability Mrs Morvyn bss quite." : - rNomb flbuok hor bond. ; "'A'-wymnn novor forgets," the said, IHtihif irrl'T ' " You may depond upon Morvyn baa forgotten nothing Bidtw«"mayihare forgiven,- and tbat BS<hW?-thb point," :- toBet»p|ied.ddwh and gave bis pretty \- - - affectionately ; M you tako things un commonly wol), Nornli. Homo women in your place, would havo treated mo to a scene and rofuscd to boliovo me." "I should liko to see nnyono rofusinu to boliovo you," cried 'Norah, indignantly." Then she rnbbedher soft cheek auninst his. "Dear old Jim." eh« whispered lovingly. Thus ondod the first doubt that had over threatened to mar tho happiness of their married life. A fortnight is only a short timo after all, and vory Boon Noroh's visit to Wood lands was drawing to its closo. Three days buforo tho ono on which she was to roturn homo, Jim got a note from her asking him tohosuro and go over that afternoon, as sho bad soir.otinir important to say to hitn. It was sotno days sines ho had boon thoro, and ho had not intended to go again, butNorah's word was lnw ; so ho ordered his horso and rodo off, nrrong- iug to cot to Woodlands about four o'clock as usual. In tho hall ho was met by Mrs Morvyn, and ho fancied that alio started and turned rather palo when alio saw liini. Ilow do you do, Mrs Mervyn 7" he said, as ho shook hands. "Jolly day tltis, isn't it 7 Is Norah anywhere about ? Sho sent mo a nolo asking ino tocomo over And seo her." " Your wifo is m tho liouso," Mrs Mor vyn answered, "but 1 don't know that you can sto her now." Sho apoko rather absently, and Jim thought that she looked at him with a curious expression. "Is anything tho matter?" ho asked hastily, " I nope Nornli isn't ill." 41 No, no, she is quito wull, but—" But' what?" asked Jim, who was beginning to feel rather impatient. Mrs Mervyn turned away and looked out of the window. 41 Can you bear u shock?" she asked in a low tone. 44 A shock ?" Jim repeated, feeling inoro and moro buwildered. 44 What kind of shock 7 What do you mean. Mm Mervyn ? If you have anything to toll mo about Norah, for Heaven's sake tell me and have done with it. Don't bout about the busli, that is false kindness." ' Your wifo is quito well," Mrs Morvyn said, in the samo lowtotio, "quito well, but — " Sho broku off sharply, und nuudenly turned from the window. 4 Couic with mo," sho cried, 44 Cora with nut." A curious sense of doubt uud wondor thrillou Jim as ho followed but hustu-ss across the hall, but bo could not nt all understand tho stale of affairs. Mrs , Morvyn led the way to the titimll draiving- rooiu, outside the door sho paused and looked up at him, 4 You iiad bolter go In alono," rIio said. " Your wife is in the morning-room. If you aro quiet you can hoar without being beard." 'Henri" Jim repeated, with an ex pression of blank surprise. " Hear what ? I wish you woulu explain your self, Mrs Morvyn." Hut Mrs Morvyn shook her head. 41 Don't ask me," she said, giving him a littlo push towards tlie door, 41 but go— go." Jim hesitated for a moment with his hand or tho handle, then he opoiiud the duor'aud went irto the room. Now, the two drawing rooms and tho morning room were en suite, and tho lattur was only divided from tho small drawing-room by sotno soft silk curtains drawn serosa an archway. Mechanically, Jim moved across tho rnoiu until ho came to theso curtains, and then lie. stoppud. Ilo could hear noma ono speaking on the other side, and instantly recognised the voice an that of 'Captain Warnor, one of the guests Btuying in tho houso, a man whuin lie had never liked. 44 Tell mo," tho roico urgod, tondcrly, 44 what makes you so unhuppy. Porliapa I can do something to help you." Thero was a moment's pause, nod thon tho answer came hi NoraU's voice, low and trotmilous, with feeling. 44 No, no, yon can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhnppy i nm, but no one cun help tnc — least of all you." Jim's hand clutched the cui-tnhi in voluntarily, his brain seemed to ho in u whirl, ho folc like a limn in ti dream. Nornli, his Nornli, misorably unhappy, and confiding her wous to another man 1 .The thought was madness. 44 1 can sympathiso with you, if I can do no moro," Captain "\Vurnnr wenton, in tho samo tender tone, "Tell me what troubles you— it is nhvayna relief to trills toa sympathetic friend. I um afraid you und your husband aru not very well matched." Jim moved a step near to the curtain, listening intently, 41 Wo couldn't be worsn matched," cried Norah, in a tone of passionuto rebellion ; lie does not, it is true, openly ill-trunt me, but ho -makes my fife ono long torture. If it lastn much longer, I shell go mad, Mnrringo without sym pathy is moral Hiiieidu." Jim drew a duup hrcath and fell hack n E acq or two, Norah saying that ho niadu er lifo one long torturo ! Was it possible,' or lmd his ears played him fulsu ? 11 My poor darling ! " Captain Warnor cried passionately, 44 uh 1 iny poor darling ! Thero is nothing I would nob do to snvo you trum such a lifo. Only trust yourself to mo and you will never regret it— never, I swear, as long us you live. I need not tell you that tny whulo life's happiness is bound up in ycu, that T lovo you with nil tny heart autl soul. You know it already." Jim ground his teeth savagely. In that moment ho could liuvo killed the lium who dared to nlob ngalust his honor and make lovo to his wife, but bo waited to hear Nurnh's answer, It came nt last. " Yes," Nornli said, and oh 1 how softly and tenderly hor r.wcut voico thrilled, " yoB, 1 know you lovo mo, und. that kuowludgj Is my only comfort. I plmg to it with till my strength. Yes, I know you lovo mo, and you must know thai I — that I " Jim waiica to near no inoro. but turned and mado his way to thohall, utaggcring as ho wont. Five minutes later ho was galloping across tho park like a mud inau. When ho readied homo ho went straight to bin nmckiug-ro'im nml flung himsulf into his fnvorito chair. Ho tried to think, but his tliouirhta woro in a whirl, Ms brnin seemed on fire. Ilo irimif \ u<nmu«t imi ninii-er uaiuiiy and cyiy, but found that nu uttor iui- posslkrty Ono thought tilouo pos- uossi"' ifiu, ono bitter, cruel, maddening thaugtit. Numb was lost to hiin- for ever. With his own ears ho had'heard horonoonrago another mail to make lovo to hor. Norah, his Norah, his wifo whom ho hud loved so dearly and trmitcd so hlindly, had played him fulse. With all his otrnngth no strovo to forget tho words that lio had ovorhenrd j hut ho could nut forgot, and mommy was mad. ness. It is impossible to put into words nit that ho suffered. 'Tito wholo uiglib long he aat alono in his smoking room, fighting withhUisoif and wills tins crushing tuirruw that IvrU bowed him bo the cm-th. When moruDig dawned tho o-jhl grey light that dole in through tho chinks in tho eoruius showed htm to bo but the wreck, of Ida formcrsolf. -What should ho do? That was tho question that forced itself with inactden- ing ' persistency into his brain, and tho nuswor was nut onsy to find. . Thoro woro two or three courses open to hitn, but ho could not decide which to follow. Ho considnvud and reconsidered thorn all, but none gavo him satisfaction. At lost u Budden thought struck him that put tho others to lliuhi. Thoro was to bo a largo party nl Wood land thatuigH. Mrs Mervyn had invited him aud ho 'bad refused hor invitatlun ; hut now lie would go.' lio would give . himself one moro cluinco of seeing with his owu eyes, and hearing with his own caw, mid if his sus picions Woro confirmed he would toll Norah thou nml thoro that all was dis- covoreJ. and that sho was freo to go to hor lover. Acting on this idea ho drovo ovor to Woodlands in tho ovcr.ing, feeling liko a mail who is going to his execution. In the hall ho found Mr Morvyn enjoying a surreptitious cigarette, and wab welcomed with great cordiality 44 So you've changed your mind, Jim, aud come to seo tho show after tdl ; that's right. I'm enjoying inyeolf in my own way, you soo ; dancing in ono room, theatricals in another, neither of thein in my line, so I came out horo to have n quiet Binoke. Hotter stay and join me." At that moment Mr.i Mervyn camo slowly down the wide staircase, and crossed tho hall towards the two tnen, struggling with a refractory bangle that refused to fasten. 41 Try und do this for mo, Kdgnr," sho said. Then she looked up, mid her ryes fell oh Jim. Mr Kennedy," sho cried. 44 Yes, it's Jim," said her husband, 44 you noedn't leek as if you'd sucti u ghost." Tho startled look still lingered on her facu, and sho laughed, nervously. 41 You are the last person 1 expected to see," alio said to Jim, " you refused so positively. 44 Upon niy word, that's n lionpitablo spcoch," cried Mr Mervyn. 44 Jim has changed his mind, and, we're very glad to &oo; him. Come, tako him into what you call the theatre,' Kuti', und let hint look at his friends making fools of them selves." Mrs Mervyn led tho way across the hall, and Jim followed liko a nun in a drcuni. It nil seemed so strange, so un real ; ho could hardly realiao tho state of nll'airs. A minute or two later ho was in the room that was doing temporary duty as a theatre. Ouo or two pcoplu spoko to him and lio answered, but inado no attempt nt conversation. Ilo looked round in 6carcli of Nornli, and failing to find Iter, t hrew himself into a chair nnd gave wuy to gloomy thought. Tho bell rung and the curtain roso on tho second act', but Jiin did not loo"k up. lie felt nu interest. What woro. the mimic joys and woes of tho stngo to him ? Ihcy could not compare with tho tragedy of his own life. lie sat there, with his eyes fixed on the ground, wrapped in miserable medita tions, till nt once a voico sounded through the room that thrilled him like un electric shock. It was Nornh's voice. What were the words that sho was saying 7 44 No. no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I am, but no ono cuu help ine— leasl of all you." Jim drow a long deep breath and raised bis eyes slowly, Jiko a man awaking from some hideous dream. Norah whs on the stage— bis Norah, looking prottior than ho lmd ever seen her j and by her side, holding hur hand in Ins, stood Cuptaiu 44 i can sympathiso with you, if lean do no more. Toll mo what, troubles you —it is always a roliof to talk to ti sympa thetic friend. 1 urn afraid you and your husband aro not vory well matched.'1 Thero was no need to hear more. Jim saw it all now. An in a light ning flash everything was made pain to him. What ho had ovorhenrd tho day buforo was n rohearsal of this particular scone, nnd ho hod thought bo hud thought— All 1 what had lie dared to think? He coworod, guiltily, na liu remembered all. Noniii must never know of what ho ha I accused her in his mind, nuvor. Ho hardly know how to sib through the roumindor of the play ; it seemed inter minable ; but it cainu to mi end nt last, nnd tho curtain fell, amidst great ap plause. Nornh flow upstairs as soon na the per formance was over to change her dress nnd wash the.rougo nnd powdor from her I face. Her first attempt nt acting had been n distinct success, thorc could bo no two opinions about tliut ; . and she was, naturally enough, proud of the fact. Sho smiled, well pluasud, ns she dipped a sponge in softwaror, and began to butho her fucc. Thoro was a sharp knock at tho door, and Jim camo into tho room. 44 Hero you aro, my darling," lie criod, gladly. ;; , Sho paused in hor occupation to look up at him— 14 Yen, hero I am, and likely to bo ; I don't know when I shall uot rid of this horrid rouge. So you wero thoro after nil, J iin ; I saw you in the audience, and 1 wns so Huipriaed. . Why did you change your mind ? It nil went off splondidly, didn't it, nnd— and— eh ! Jim, are you very cross with me ?" 44 Cross with yoii ?" JTo lind como quite close to her now. 44 No, I nm not cross with you, Norah j why should 1 be ? " 44 Woll, 1 wob nnaid you would bo, and I sent for you yesterday so that I might oxplnhi nmtturs, but you didn't come. You see. I was rather forcod into it ; I could not vory woll help mysolf. Mrs Mervyn made such a point of my undertaking Itio part, that 1 could not- refuse. 1 thought it wns rather a risquo part, but I'm awfully glad you aru nut cross." ' Jim took hor in bin arms, npongo nnd nil, nnd kiused hor wet face." 44 1 am fonder mfd prouder of my littlo wife nc this moment than I havo ever been before," he said ; 41 but I think wo'll have no moro theatricals, Nornli darling; thin uhall bo your first and last appearance." 44 \ory well," said Norah, returning Uio kiss with interest, 44 1 um sure 1 'don't mind, 1 don't mind anything, so long as you are not crosn," And that was the ond of Mrs Mervyn's attempt at revenge. 44 What, going so soon, Mr Kennedy,?" Mrs Morvyn lookud up with it well- simulfltud air of fcurprino, und smiled pleasantly into' Jim's white, wrathful face. 44 Yes," ho replied; 44 but let mo firnt thank yon for giving mo an opportunity of attending the performance us well us tho reheureii.." 