A Christmas Repentance. [BY SAEA.IT BEBNHAEDT.] j The chateau of Ploerneuf waa the terror of the Breton people. The country folk made the sign of the cross as they passed by, and murmured, " There is tho accused />ne's castle!" , , . About the walls that surrounded the grounds was a briar hedge, which no one dared to cross. The servants passed each other by like shadows, afraid to speak above a whisper. No one dared to addreas the master. Only the young Count Robert found favour in the eyes of the lord o£ the manor, the old Duke de Korberziff, his Bade. At the time when this story begins, Robert was seated at the old mau'sfeet. HewasBeated in the great duca). chair; his face was livid, bia eyes gleaming, ond his couutenance dis- torted with fear. He was listening intently ; one would have said that he was the ghost of terror. Beside him on a porphyry column bnrnod a Btnall golden lamp set with precious stones. Behind it stood a tall negro, who, as each minute passed, let fall a single drop of oil upon the flame. Close to the old man's withered hand lay au axe, and the negro i would have atoned with his life for a single forgetfulness of his duty. The duke waB even paler than usual ; his long, white hair was matted upon his temples, and from his terror-stricken oyes great tears rolled down into his silver beard. "My dear Lord, ia your suffaring worse ?" , asked Robert, gently. The duke shuddered; ho waa still listening intently. It was Christmas night. " Noel ! Noel !" sang the peasants' voices. " Noel ! Nool !" rang out the chimes. Then the old duke rose up like a spectre. " Listen, Robert !" he said. " Listen !" The old man had not spoktm for twenty years. His sepulchral voice echoed through the great hall, and the ancient armour hang- ing on the walla gave forth a metallic sound. The young count was petrified with fright. " Twenty years ago I had a sou ; bo was handsome, brave, and generoua. He loi?ed u young peasant girl, and wishwd to murry her, but I refused my consent ; I could not countenance such an outrage My son pleaded with me, but I was inflexible ; my escutcheon would have been eternally din graced. I was wrong, my boy. I was wrong ! Never give way to pride. It is a mortal sin!" Soba choked the old duke's uttoranco, but he continued : "The maiden was beautiful and virtuous. I offered her money ; she refused it. Then I had her carried off aud imprisoned in the tower of the castle. Several month» pasuod ; my son was faithful to his word, I to my pride. I decided to kill tb« maiden, BO I sent word to her secretly to escapo at the first opportunity. A silken Udder wa« given her, and she was carefully instructed na to its use, and how to fasten it to the window. She prepared for flight. Then I arranged an infamous trap for her. Listen, Hobart ! listen ! I had the stones of the window sill loosened, so that it would give woy beneath her weight, corryiug the unfortunate girl with it as it fell, and she would be dashed to pieceB upon the marble floor of the court- yard below. " It waB Christmas ! That night I foil asleep in the fear of God. Then ,1 was transported to an immensity of clouds. In- numerable arches followed each other in never ending succession. Beneath these arches small golden lamps were swinging gently to and fro, so numerous that it would have taken years to count them. Some burst Buddenly into flame, others were as suddenly extinguished. Some burned with a fierce light, others flickered for a long time before they died out completely. "Each one of these lamps was guarded by on angel. All the new lampa were tended by fair, white angels, with faces of unspeak- able beauty ; by others stood black angels, ugly and evil-looking, and these seemed to await with impatience the moment when the flame should be finally extinguished. " ' What is all this ?' I asked my guide. " ' These lamps are the souls of mea,' he replied. 'The oneB which Btart suddenly into flame are the souls of new-born infants, and spotless angela guard them. Here are the souls of those who have reached the time of life when they can think for themselves, and the Spirit of Evil and the Spirit of Good dispute their possession. Those lamps which are flickering and fading out ure the souls of the dying. Seo !' he cried, pointing out several flames which were on the point of extinction, 'see! at the supreme moment the BOUI almost always turna to the Spirit of Good!" " Then I asked him to show me my own lamp. " 'Come !' said the strange being who con- ducted me. "Leading me on through innumerable arches we went on and on for » Ion« time., Then stopping suddenly, ' Sea !' he said, 'Behold thy soul!' I W<IB petrified with terror. Oae single drop of oil remainod in my lamp, and over it hovered \n ant>el with coal black wings, who blew upon the llamo to make it burn out moro quickly. I wis in mortal fear, and I was a coward ; yea, I was a coward," said the duke, trembling vio- lently. " Listen, Bobert ! listen ! Benido my lamp burned another with a steady Mid a brilliant flame : a white-wineed an^el w.itchr-d ovi«r the golden vessel. The Spirit of Evil came and whispered in my ear." The old duke ceaBod. It reamed as if de heard the Spirit's voice at that moment. His eyes were bloodshot, his hair stood on end with fright, and his teeth chattered. Hu cun tinned in a hoarse voice : "The white-winged angel looked at me sadly, but the black kept whi»p"ring in my ear. I saw nothing. I. would see nothing. From the black angel's wiug I plucked a feather, and dipping it into i-be brilliant lamp I took the oil out drop by drop and let it fall into my own. My flame became bril- liant and red as blood ; the other grew paler, but retained its starry brightness. Only ono drop of oil remained ; the white an^el stretched forth his wing to stop me, but another with wings gleaming li ko mother of pearl, and bearing a golden Bword, carne to ns. ' Let the man do hm will ! God will judge him !' he said. Toen I took the last drop of oil. " Then I was afraid. ' Whose lamp ia this ?' I asked, pointing to the flame which was just on the point of going out. And the voice replied, «It is the soul of thy beloved son.' At that moment the flame went out. The white angel took the soul in ita winga and flew away with a cry of grief; but the Spirit of Evil renponded with & loud cry of triumph. " I awoke frozen stiff with horror. Two corpses were Btretclied out upon the floor of my room, crushed almost out of human shapo. My GOD, notified by his botrothed, had wished to protect her in her flight, and the dreadful trap which I had «et for her had killed them both. It WUB Christmas twenty yeare ago !" The old man fell back in his chair, the tearB streaming down his face. " Stop !" he said to the negro, who waB tendiug the precious lamp. " Peed tho flame no more ! I have made my confession, now I oan die-but eau God find pardou for me ?" At that moment the castle bell ran« loudly, and the chants of the church were heard. The doora of the great hall swung open. Through them was neeo the chapel of the old manor blazing with lights, and the Ohild Jesus ou His bed of straw seamed resplen- dent with glory and pardon. The old duke fell on his knees before the Infant God. " Man !" said the voico of the priest. " Christ was bom, suffored, died to redeem the sins of mon. Thou hast sinned, thoa ( has Buffered, thou hast repented ; God par- dons thee. May thy tioul depart in peace !" Then the old mun looked at the golden lamp, and saw above it an angel with enow white wings, and he recognised him as the guardian of the brilliant lamp. The angel smiled on him sweetly, and taking up tho flickering light, flew off toward heaven. The Duke o"e Kerberzoff wa» dead. 