THE YOUNG FOLKS. In Haunted House. By Emerson Bennett. " Ha, ha, ha ! Do you suppose that I would be afraid to stay all night in your haunted house ?" cried Benjamin Gilbert to several of his boon companions. " Well, I tell you what I will do, Ben," replied one of them. " I will wager a cham- pagne supper for the party that you dare not remain in the house all night." " I will accept the wager. Now, where is this house you talk so much about ?" " It is on the outskirts of the city," was the reply, " and was once a fine residence ; but it has been neglected so long that it is now in a dilapidated condition. It has been untenanted for a number of years, and is known as the haunted house. There are strange lights in it, they say—such as a white figure passing the windows of the second storey, while the room is lighted by a reddish glare, and then, as the figure disap- pears, the light does also, only to be followed by a succession of different-colored flashes of light. Then all becomes quiet for several hours, when the same performance is some- times repeated. This does not occur every night, and sometimes there are intervals of several weeks without anything unusual being seen. " At times there are also strange noises heard, like the rattling and clanking of chains, and Heaven knows what all. No one knows who is the owner. It is currently reported that a young married couple moved into it some years ago, and that the first night they were murdered, and since then there has never been found any one who possessed the courage to occupy it more than a few days, or weeks at most. These are the current reports of generalities, and the particulars you will doubtless find out for yourself before you win your bet. Now, when will you go and face the ghost in his den ?" " I am ready at any time—so suppose we start to-morrow afternoon ?" " All right. We will all accompany you to the house, see you safely inside, and then wait for you at a tavern not far off. But bear in mind that one of us will be on the watch all through the night ; and if you remain there until day- light the next morning, I will consider that I have lost my bet, and will then pay it without demur." The next day, about dusk, they went to the haunted house, and Ben Gilbert ob- tained an entrance by climbing up a kind of shed and arbor which reached to the second storey of the back part of the house. As soon as he was in the room he called out : " Good-bye, boys ; I'll see you in the morning," and, closing the window, he dis- appeared from view. " Well, here I am," he thought, as he examined a pair of revolvers that he had brought with him, " in what is called a haunted house. When I was a child, I used to believe in such stuff, but since I have be- come a man, I don't. No, there is no such thing as a haunted house ; and if the credulous neighborhood really see or hear anything, there must be a cause for it, and that cause I am bound to find out. For the first thing, I will examine the house." The room he was now in was a large bed- chamber, with a mantel-piece in the centre of one of the side walls, and a large closet on either hand. There were two doors to the room, one leading into the entry, and the other into an adjoining room. He visited each room in the house, but without finding anything to excite his sus- picion. After making a thorough investigation, he returned to the second-storey room, intend- ing to pass the remainder of the long, weary hours before morning in that apartment. Time drew slowly along, and at last he fell asleep, and did not awake till midnight, and then he awoke with a start. Surely he had heard a loud noise ! Or had he been dreaming ? No there it was again—sounding as if someone had thrown several tin pans down a flight of stairs. He immediately jumped up, drew one of his revolvers, quietly walked to the door leading into the entry, softly opened it, and stood there and listened, but all now remained still. " I must have fancied it," he thought, as he retraced his steps and lay down again on the floor. He was nearly asleep for the second time when he perceived a flash of light shoot across the room, and again heard the same clattering noise as before. " There is no mistake this time," he mentally said, " and as there must be a cause for it, I am now going to find out. Ah, by Jove ! there is something or somebody moving in the other room ; and as I wish to watch without being seen, I will just enter one of these closets and be on the alert." He had just fairly concealed himself when he was again startled by a sound like a dog furiously barking, and the front room was illuminated with a red glare. Having been in the dark for several hours the glare of light in the other room was almost blinding. " Can there be such a thing as a haunted house ?" he asked himself. " Bah ! I don't believe it. But what is the cause of this ? Heavens ! if I am not mistaken, I smell brim- stone, too ! Eh—what ! is that the moving spirit they tell me about ? Pshaw ! I don't believe in spirits. It is coming this way now, and I'll soon see if it be living or dead !" and with that he raised his revolver and was about to fire. But just as he pointed the weapon at the figure it seemed to fade out of sight, and all became dark and quiet again. Half-stupefied at this strange mystery, the young man remained silent for several minutes, and then, just as he was about to come forth from his place of concealment, he was again startled by a succession of flashes of different colors. " What can it be ? I must and will find out," he muttered, in a low, determined tone, as he stepped forth and advanced to the room where he had seen the flashes of light. He had only proceeded a few steps, when the lights again disappeared, and all again became silent and dark. He stopped and listened, and thought he heard some person moving, and then it sounded as if some one were descending the stairs. " If that is the ghost, it walks like a man," he concluded, " and I am going to follow it and see for myself." He then pulled off his boots and descended to the first floor, but saw nothing. He heard the footsteps, however, and followed the un- known by the sound. The sound led him on through the different rooms on the first floor, then into the kitchen, and thence down into the cellar. As young Gilbert reached the head of the stairs leading into the cellar he perceived a light, which had the appearance of proceed- ing from a dark lantern. " I am not mistaken," he thought, " for if there are ghosts they do not require the aid of man to assist them in seeing, and therefore they would not use a lantern ; and if not a spirit, it must be human, it must have a purpose for its actions, and that pur- pose I intend to find out." Being in his stockinged feet and in the dark—for the light from the lantern shone on the opposite wall—he was enabled to ap- proach very near the object without his pre- sence being suspected. The figure then went up to the wall, and, after standing there a few seconds, a large stone swung outward, as if on hinges, and the figure disappeared through the aper- ture. " So—so, my worthy ghost, I think I have found out your little game, or a part of it, at all events, and I now propose to discover the rest of it," soliloquised Gilbert, as he entered the opening through the wall. On the other side of the wall he found a flight of steps, which descended a short dis- tance, and communicated with a narrow passage way, just large enough to allow an ordinary-sized man to walk along in a stoop- ing posture. He advanced along the passage for about twenty feet, and then came to a room, which was lighted by several lamps, and in the centre of which was a man in the act of be- ginning some work. He stood there and watched him for at least an hour. There was no mistaking his occupation— he was a counterfeiter—and had all the tools, presses, and paper necessary to carry on his nefarious business. Now what was the best thing to be done ? Should he attempt to arrest him? or had he better retreat and inform the proper authori- ties of what he had discovered ? He wisely decided that the latter plan would be more judicious and safer ; and so he returned to his room and remained there till morning, hearing nothing more from the ghostly counterfeiter. As he left the house he was met by his friends, who anxiously inquired what he had seen and heard. He related all, with the exception of the discovery of the counterfeiter. They wanted to know if he was not frightened, and whether he could account for the strange events. He put them off as best he could, not wishing anything to be made public until he could have the man arrested. They had their champagne supper that night, and he could not well get away from them during the day, he had to delay his visit to the police authorities until the day following. He went with two officers to again visit the house, but although, they searched and examined every part of the cellar, they were unable to discover the secret door leading through the wall. They did discover, however, in the second storey front room how the different colored lights were produced. It was by means of chemicals mixed with powder, such as are used in making fine dis- plays of fireworks. In one of the closets in the kitchen they found three or four tin pans, which had served to make the clattering and alarming noise we have described. Two officers each night watched for the return of the ghost, or counterfeit, but were not successful for nearly three weeks. One night, as they were on duty as usual, they heard the sounds of the tin pans falling down stairs, and then they at once proceeded to the cellar and there concealed themselves and waited for their man to appear. At last he came, just as he had been described to them by our hero, and they silently followed him into his working-room underground. They waited until he had got fully under way, so as to catch him in the act and thereby make out a stronger case against him. Then they quietly crept into the room he was in without being seen by him, because he had his back towards the entrance. Both together then rushed up and seized him, but the man fought with the despera- tion of a maniac, and it was as much as the two could do to overpower him. It was well for Gilbert that he had not undertaken to arrest the man at the time he discovered him, for it is more than likely that he would have been killed. The prisoner was handcuffed and taken out, and it was then discovered that he was one of the most notorious counterfeiters in the country. The next day the papers had a full account of the haunted house and the arrest, giving the credit to Gilbert. No one was more surprised to see the article than the friends who had proposed to him to stay all night in the haunted house. " What did I tell you !" he said to them, with an air of triumph, when next they met. " Did I not say there was no such thing as a haunted house, where ghosts and spirits roam about at will, kicking up all sorts of non- sensical didos ? Let me tell you that ghost stories are for children, not men—that there is always a cause for everything that happens —and if you are not a coward, and have sense enough, you can discover what produces such supernatural and marvellous results." And his friends admitted that, whether right or wrong, their brave and daring com- rade was at least entitled to draw his own conclusions.—" Weekly Budget." 