HERE AND THERE. Only a few weeks ago, owing to ignorant blundering in the specifications, certain concessions had to be made to Messrs. Fulton & Co., the contractors for the steel pipes, and the example Seems to have become infectious. Messrs. Martin and Co., the contractors for the railway loco motives, have now secured a deviation from their specifications, which means that they will be able to obtain certain material for £10,000 less than they calculated. Of course anyone would imagine that the Government would get the benefit of this amount, but it is not so. By some inscrutable logic the Government is to receive an advantage of £3,000. So far as Quiz can make out, Mr. Smith, the Chairman of the Railway Board, is to be warmly commended for the stand he took in objecting to any alteration of specifications. If this thing goes on, it simply opens the door to wholesale robbing of the State. The very fact that Martin & Co. wish to pocket £7,000 seems to explain the whole matter. At all events, the public want to know why the firm claim to mop up this large amount of money, and Quiz's hope is that Parliament will not allow the wrong to be consummated. If Dr. Cockburn or Mr. Holder had been at the head of a Government which agreed to such flagrant foolishness they would have been nagged out of office. It is at least a pity that the Premier should be connected with a Ministry which approves of a valuable concession to a firtn of which he is the legal adviser. Sir John Downer ought not to allow himself to be placed in such a position, and the outspokenness of the Register on this point is-refreshing. However honest he may mean to be, his decision must excite comment, especially when he acts in opposition to a man of experience like Mr. J. H. Smith. Sir John Downer took part in the negotiations on behalf of Martin and Co., and now his Cabinet has given a decision in favor of the contractors. It may be all right, but that is not the position the head of the Govern ment should accept. By the way, who wrote Mr. Grayson's speech and report ? On Thursday last week only six members were present in the Assembly for most of the evening, and the Government passed 240 clauses of the Companies Act in less than half an hour. They disregarded a sarcastic suggestion that the Chair man should put the Bill in lots of 250 clauses at a time. This is the sort of thing which causes the dailies to praise M.fsP. for getting through a lot of work—most of the said M.'sP. doing the alleged work in the cardroom. « Several communications have been received from aspiring literary young men in response to the invitation of Quiz for original stories not to exceed thirty lines in length. The standard is not high, and in some instances the contributions occupy more space than was stipulated. The competition will remain open until Tuesday next, ann the result will be announced in the issue of December 16. The supporters of Mr. Willcox for the Mayoral chair are delighted because Quiz was apparently caught napping last week in publishing a cartoon in which Alderman Sketheway was represented as grasping the Mayoral allowance. It is all very well to be wise after the event; but when a man starts out on the prophesying racket he deserves more than ordinary consideration. Quiz felt con fident that in Sketheway he had a moral, and perhaps if the voting papers issued had in all cases tallied with those returned he might to-day have been Chief Magistrate of the city. How ever we will let that pass for the present; by-and bye the subject may be referred to again. Just prior to the elections Quiz had a dream, and the substance of this he communicated to his aitist. The vision which disturbed his usually restful slumber took the shape of the rotund form of Alderman Sketheway, who in classical robes was distributing tickets for Christmas fare to indigent individuals. And it seemed to Quiz that someone in the crowd remarked, " Money makes the mare to go." This sounded prophetic, and he acted upon his dream. It is true that the artist represented that the words just quoted might be equally applied to Willcox, who has a great deal to do with horses and knows more about chaff than most persons ; but Quiz, mounting his high stilts, remarked severely, "Look here, Chinner, am I designing this blooming cartoon or are you ?" And the matter was thus settled. Anyway Sketheway did very nearly get the thousand * pounds, and Robertson at all events came down with a considerable bump. To place candidates is a difficult feat in these barren tipping days. The poor we have always with us, and now we have the smallpox. It is no use getting scared ; it is much better to go straight away and be vaccinated. You -will then have something to think about, and it wont be smallpox. The out \- break "of the terrible disease at Petersburg evidences once more the absolute necessity for a thorough examination of passengers arriving here by ocean steamers, though in this instance negligence does not seem to have been sheeted home to anyone. The sanitary condition of the metropolis will, thanks to the deep drainage scheme, lessen the horrors of such a scourge as smallpox, but everything must be done, and is apparently being done, to stamp out the unwelcome visitor. The President of the Central Board of Health has acted most promptly, and he has been well supported by the Commissioner of Police. With the best of medical attendance and strict police inspection we may hope that there will be but one case of smallpox, and that that #iwill not be attended by *£&tal; consequences. The Australian Eleven which will leave for England next year will be a remarkably strong team. South Australia will at all events contribute three players, and it is quite on the cards that a fourth may go. This result will depend upon the scoring in the inter-State matches. If a second wicketkeeper is to be chosen there is no question about it that A. H. Jar vis, who is in splendid form', should be selected. His brother Fred is, however, understood to have a show, and if the junior Hindmarsli man shapes well in Melbourne and Sydney his chances will be very bright. Lyons, George Giffen, and Walter Giffen are said to be certainties, and it is stated that George would not visit England without his brother. A trip to England and America should prove a strong incentive to good play. Are you tired of hearing about the Chief Justice's dog? Or would you like to hear how, when His Honor was at Gladstone, one of the girls at the hotel was entrusted with the saci duty of washing the pet and combing out its silky hair? You are sick of the subject. Very well. Then Quiz will not tell you what tip the girl received for her arduous duties. Truth to tell, the amount has escaped his recollection. He is an old man, and he possesses a young and pretty wife. When December is wedded to May December is usually jealous, and so it was in this case. During the absence of the ancient spouse from home a gay Lothario, whose years are not many, happened to pay the wife a friendly call, and just when conversation had reached a most interesting point a shadow obtruded itself in the doorway. Following the shadow came the husband, who had unexpectedly returned. The woman of course lost her presence of mind and fled the scene, although she was as innocent as an unborn babe. Her legal protector therefore addressed his attention to a chair and threatened to brain the unwelcome intruder with this weapon, at the game time gnashing his teeth in a manner most frightful to behold. Lothario drew a revolver, which was not loaded, and presenting it at the chair raiser gave him two minutes in which to say his prayers. Then there was an awful pause. The Benedict - turned as pale as the proverbial ghost, and then made a dash for the door. When he had vanished Lothario concluded that it was also the " time for disappearing," and he made himself scarce in a manner which did him the utmost credit. It is rumored that hubby is still wandering around somewhere in a most awful frame of mind. Every shadow assumes the shape of a revol ver, and not even his wife's coaxing can chase the marks of melancholy frbm his gloomy browi, Even at the risk of offending his teetotal friends Quiz must express approval of the proposal recently made—that the Government should in some manner guarantee the condition of wine despatched from South Australia to Great Britain. Our wine industiy promises to assume gigantic proportions. Hundreds of thou sands of acres of land totally unsuitable for wheat-growing* have within the last year or two been planted with vines, and wine-making has now reached such a stage of development that there is little danger of an inferior article/being placed on the market. Still, we cannot be blind to the fact that a certain prejudice has to be overcome in England, and if the Government can in any way dispel the%otion that our* wine is -not all it should be without entering into th^ business of wine merchants-it will be satisfactory to all con cerned. Perhaps Mr. Perkins will oblige with a suggestion. 