MR. SUGDEN AT KENT TOWN. At Kent Town Wesleyan Church on Sunday morning last Mr. Sugden preached to a large audience. In his prayer the preacher said:— Oh, God, we want to get away from ourselves and come to Thee. Come and help us. Make our wayclear to appioach, and make our requests known. Because we are sinful and Thou ait of purer eyes than to behold iniquity, wash us from our sins in the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Pardon all we have done amiss; all our wanderings of heart, all the sin of our own thoughts, all the wickedness oE our act-*. Because we are ignorant of our own necessities, and do not know what is good for u>-: because we are ignorant of the future, teach us h.nv to pray, and to ask for such things as are necessary botli for our flouls and bodies. Draw near to us now. As we pray let the heavens open and the Spirit descend. Endue us now with the Holy Ghost and with power. We pray most of all for the Holy Spirit. Without Him we can do nothing, and are helpless in the presence of temptation. Thou hast promised Thy Spirit to those who ask. AVe ask for the fulfilment of that promise. We plead no merit, we have none, but we can ask, and we do ask for the gift of the Spirit. Oh I baptise us now with the Holy Ghost; fill this place with Thy Spirit. We want power to overcome sin ; we'are conscious more and more of weakness.' Here at Thy feet it is easy to make resolutions, but it is not easy to keep these when we are out in the world contending with solid and substantial forms of evil. In our own strength we shall be beaten again and again.' We are conscious we can do nothing good except through Christ; but through Him we can do all things. We desire to-day to reEresh our faith, to look clearly into the eye of our Father in heaven, to realise how near God is to u«, how strong to help us, how willing to stand by our side, to fight our battles, to give us the victory over every form of evil. Help us to live more and more consciously in that which is unseen and eternal. May our life be hid with Christ in God. Though our bands are engaged below, may our hearts be ever with Thee. May we never forget that our path lies through the wilderness •, may we never allow ourselves to settle here or to build our house on earth ; may we never regard death as a foe to be dreaded, so that we need fear no change. Sanctify to us all the discipline of Thy providence, all the discipline of life, all the suffering which is the result of past sin. Transmute the bitter things of life into medicine to heal our souls. May we not be dull scholars in the school of Christ; may we learn lessons of patience, trust, unworldliness, purity, truth, and honesty, and whatsoever things are lovely and of good report; may these be the food of our daily meditation. We pray for each member of this congregation. Bless the boys and girls ; help all the boys so that they may become men of God. May all the beauty and purity and tenderness of our maidens be preserved for the service of Christ and humanity. God bless the fathers and mothers ; may their declining years be marked by growing spiritual power. May the eye of faith grow brighter as the world recedes. As the bodily strength decays may the vigor of the inner man be renewed. We pray for this church, for all its organizations,'ordinances, and officers. Bless all who-seek to glorify Thy name by whatever name they may be called. May Thy blessing rest on all good meD, and upon every effort for the glory o£ God and the good of man. Bless the Young Men's Christian Association of this city, and of all eitie-\ May all the world speedily be brought into the kingdom of God. Hear our prayer, pardon our sins, baptise us with Thy Spirit, and bless Thy Word, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. The lessons were Psalm 104, and I Tim. 6; both were WQII read, the latter especially so. We saw a meaning in this chapter as we heard Mr. Sugden read it) which we had never seen before. It presents a complete remedy for the present Social disorder. In the middle of the chapter flaming like a diamond in its setting are the words," Godliness with contentment is great gain;" preceding this are counsels which if followed would induce workemen to do their duty to their employers and following it are exhortations to capitalists which if observed would cause them to be idolised by their employes. Mr. Sugden's test was from I John 1-5 " God is Light." He said the whole message of the Gospel found simple yet most profound expression on these words. This first epistle of John was really his last, was later in point of date than his Gospel or the Apocalypse, later than any other of the books of the new Testament. It really completed the cannon of Scripture. Here the Evangelist gave us the sublimation of gospel truth, the heart and essence of Christian doctrine, |_the last words of - God. Here previous doctrines were crystalised, made definite, clear, precise, simple. The whole Bible was written on- a truth which had never been said in so many words till John wrote God is love. John had also given us two other concise statements of the nature and attributes of God, each in three words, these were—God is Spirit. God is light; in which were summed up all that we need to know concerning God. In dealing with the text he would speak first on the daring of it. They knew what light was. It was a form of force or energy. It was a daring thing to say that God was a form of physical energy. But in the old Testament they found that God had revealed himself as light many times. To Abraham as a burning lamp passing between the parts of the sacrifice ; to Moses on Mount Horeb as a burning bush; to the children of Israel as a pillar of fire. He clothed himself with light as with a garment. He dwells in light unapproachable. Jesus Christ said of himself "I am the light of the. world.". He would only briefly indicate a few of the lines on which the words of the text might be unfolded. I.—God was the source of all that was done in the Universe. Light was the first form of energy. In the first chapter* of Genesis they saw the matter of the Universe inert motionless dark, but energy was imparted and light followed. Just as light was the source of all the motion, action, and life of the Universe, so God was the source of all moral force; whatever was done in the Universe God did. The force of light was particular. Some people did not believe in a particular providence but they believed in a general providence but as John Wesley said " general providence; was general nonsense " They could not have a mass which was not composed of units, and general providence must consist of a number of acts of particular providence. The true theory of providence was, not that God now and then helped men outof some big difficulty, but that the hand of God was present in every incident of life for our good and his glory. This is the comfort of the Christian; to the man who thinks aright the supreme marvel would be that God should not be present and active in all things. All things are guided, ordered, overruled by God. Our duty was to fall in with God's plan. II.—Light gave the impression of unity. That church was filled with light, but that light could not be divided up into pieces. It gave the impression of unity. But this unity was the result of the unio™ of three forms of light. The white light was woven from the three primary colors, red, blue and yellow, which gave colorless light. This was a perfect picture of the christian doctrine of the unity of three persons in the Trinity. Other illustrations of the Trinity, such as the shamrock, or body, soul, and spirit, were misleading. The shamrock was not one but three, and neither body, soul, nor spirit by itself constituted man. Light was more than an illustration. It conveyed the truth by a physical analogy. The red ray was light, so were each of the other two; but the combination of the three produced a unity more perfect than any other thing we could think of. This figure showed that the distinction of persons in the Trinity was one which was relative to God rather than to man. Apart from a few color-blind persons, most people knew the difference between the primary colors, but they could not tell in what the difference consisted. They might know that the difference in color was occasioned by the difference in speed of the various rays, but they could not understand it. The difference in color was that which it was most useful to know, and the most ignorant could understand this as well as the wisest. A man could appreciate the beauty of a sunset who had no scientific knowledge of light ; so men need uot be theologians to have a useful working knowledge of the Trinity. The distinction of Father, Son and iioly Ghost was not one which was related to us: What we needed to know was that the Father loved us and gave his son for our salvation—that the Son loved us, and died on the Cross for our redemption—that the Holy Ghost had come to be our comforter and guide. These facts we could all appreciate, but we could not all penetrate the essential mystery of the Trinity. It had pleased God, in renewing his covenant with man, to do so under the form of divided, analysed light. Even under the form of the rainbow, in which symbol we behold God as the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. III. Color only appears as light falls upon same dark object, so we could only see God as manifest in the flesh; no one ever saw light; light was revealed by matter. It was the reflection of light which was seen. If it were not for the dust which filled the upper region of the heavens, they would only see blackness there, with the sun as a white ball in the darkness. So God was light; but no man had ever seen God; the only begotten Son had revealed him. The word had been made flesh, and had dwelt among us. We saw the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. When we saw Jesus we saw God. When we trusted Jesus we relied on the arm of the omnipotent God. Iri Jesus Christ God had been manifested so that we could understand him. In concluding an earnest, eloquent, and powerful discourse, Mr. Sugden said there were many thoughts suggested by the subject which would well repay earnest thought They could never go too far in the study of the 1st Epistle of John. They would never be able to get to the bottom of it. He prayed that God, who was light, might enlighten their minds by his grace, that they might know him, whom to know was life eternal. 