;/i:'V::!.NQYEL/': jf Fair Blockade- '.'Car bun ,5r»r:" .- . ci ,VBYT. C DE LEON. ! .. -=..., V— fin-KWimmn - Onward the quarry- pped/f aster and faster, not one word spoken by "the trio, until the splash of falling oars, then their regular beat, told that the. pursuit was up. Then Evan asked, through set teeth,-— : 4 How far to shore, Pete ?' . . . JjesB'n half-mile, bossy.' 4 Can we beat them in ?' 'No, bossy; not ef th water'd hold.' "This as calmly as the negro hadasked for a 4 chaw /but he added, Dey's eight oars ud .oherhaul our two.' ' Can .you shoot, Pete ?' . : There was a breezy ring in the boy's question ; but the answer came, — 4 bossy; but Fs not gwine ter. Pete s gwine ter lan' de missy a -runnin' dis time !' ' But you say they'll catch us All this through desperate pulling, pur suing oar-beats sounding o earer, clearer still. . 'Ef de. water'd hold. Ef we keeps cl'ar "e. lumps, we strikes dei fiats, „ an dem can't toiler, sholy I' Straight- on- after, them came the heavy ' ship's-boat, guided by their oars. An d now another -bengola flashed up in her, not rreaching. the quarry, .. but showing the pur- Anerplainly. Eight sailors bent strongly to Iheii oars, a knot of soldiers standing aft, their rifles at 4 ready,' an officer in the bow ; holding aloft the" glaring torch. \- How far off to that boat ?' Miss Clay asked, calmly, sitting in the hay. 'A ;hundred:yards?\ "t -h Evan answered. — ' Pull away, Pete !' ' Bout three hun'erd, boBsy,' the black corrected, 4 'lowin' fur de water-distance. Bnt she's a-gamin', an' fass, too L' On still, with oars strained as though for very life, swept pursuer and pursued, . sweat -.riPP.tpf? from Eyan's every pore, while the trained black teemed cool and fresh as if . there were no strain upon him. Arid the Yankee crew gained with every -pull 1 J Suddenly a soft jar, — another, harder : and the black gave a great: Bweep, crying, — . 'Back l Lifc, bossy! Quick! Wetodun streck dem flats,' he added, . as the boat's swung to his pnll and she glided on ' ?pll slower, bossy;' Da lumps to he bent low over the water, striving to- scan the- shore-line behind .htm.- - , ; But. the pause had brought the pursuit . dangerously near, the glare of a fresh ben gola showing her prey well within its gleam. Raising the toroh high above, his I?10 Officer pointed to the slower- moving craft-; and with his order rang out a dozen shots, bullets cutting the water all around, ere the red flash ran along the : muzzles: . '.Catch my oar. quick !' Evan cried ; hut it was Carolyn Clay's hand — even quicker than Bote's— that grasped it, as the boy slipped out his long revolver, steadying the \- onhto left arm and aiming just above .the torch. Before its report rang out, tie bengal-light whirled in air, falling fast into -water. But, as it fell, they saw the officer- s arm drop, as he staggered back among the rowers. Then all was blacker than before, for a " while ; and then came faintly in the low east -IS; pale, grayish haze that was not light, but soft whisper of the Omnipotent's command to make it 1 Now tor life 1' - Evan cried,, taking his oar: .,.4 Have we. water enough?'. . r :tBots,. bossy, ..outen -de lamps,' Pete re plied, bending his broad baok to the pnll. And again the skiff flew onward, the sounds tfr® purauing boat fainter in the! distance. On, for minutes more, reckoned only by their heart- beats and regular plaBh of cars. -Them, that eastern haze, fast growing into : semblance of light, made .the shore-line visible. Pete rested on his oar ; and a qnick turn shot the skiff around a point and into "ri. creek, black and tree-arched. Gliding 'swiftly np this, until iiA windings stopped tne oars, Pete shipped hto paddle; as he "said,— - ' Bern's dun loss us, sholy 1 ills sho's onbeknown ter day. Ya'weis!' \- - ' The light craft shot through overhanging \- foliage, as the .'gray dawn touched the cold \ face of all nature. . - . And its wan light fell upon the face of ... Carolyn Clay, , quiet, solemn, but glorified . Tyith joy, as she knelt in the wet straw and \- enther heart np in thanksgiving to the /Throne's foot. V" CHAPTER XV. THE DESEETEE'S EEWABD. . Its . precious freight . of medicines and stores removed, Pete hauled his boat ashore akcl led the way through crisp grass and frozen brush. None spoke,— the negro taciturn by nature, Evan, for once, thought- fnTfromliisave mission to S'ead-quarters, and Carolyn Cay— the; light of new life .ahihingon her face— keeping her firm, elas tic tread easily np- to that of 'the men. I \- Ab they struck the rise to the near plateairi ' Its long level: was jnst touched with rayB of the orising siml; and a mile .beyond they reached; a cavalry picket, -/The men were.' sitting olose about a roaring blaze, or Bleep- 1 ing soundly -oil the frozen ground; wrapped head and heel in their blankets; like so many mummies laid f oo't-foremoat to the heat, to thaw the cold-of centuries out of them. For the country was- clear : of any enemy' for many a mile; and no fear of a" movement eameinsuoh weather as this. _ ' Surprise, quiok query, and rapid explana tion over, Evan turned to the nontenant in command ' ' T 'I mnst get to head-quarters ' the first moment possible, Mr. Barron. -And I would ask the best horse you can spare.' . ' Bid's the best, so far as speed goes, in this state of forage,' the officer answered. 4 But yon can take mine, if he'll stand a rider with that marvellous costume. My relief oomes soon after sunrise, Miss Clay ; and I can carry you in then.' ' Is there no chance of my getting ;a horse ?' the girl asked, pleadingly. ' ; : ' T . fear not. much as I would like to oblige you,' he answered. ' I am dismount ing myself to send Fauntleroy in ; hut that to duty.' "Tis only a few hours more, Cousin Caro,' Evan said . ' Anyway, you could only hold me baok, or be left on the road.' . ' Pardou my selfish impatience,' the gi|:l ' replied, quietly. 'But, Evan, send word to mamma by the very first courier rto Rioh- mond.' ' ' j; The boy gulped some steamiDg coffee from, a tin cup ; the horse was brought from soreeninsr woods, and saddled ; and. as he, was about to mount, Miss Clay whispered, warbingly, — ' Remember ! when you report to1 the general, do not say too much. Tell him I prefer to report my own capture and escape. You understand ?' : ' I supposel do,' the hoy replied ; though a comical look of bewilderment crossed his frank face, as he added, ' But I'll obey, all the same.— Good-by, Mr. Barron ; and tback you heartily, sir — Good-by, Pete. Here, shako hands. You're a perfect, paragon among bo'at-mou 1' ' Thank'ee, bossy, I is, sholy,' bhe black answered, gravely. ' I wor fotched up dat way, from the nuss.' And the hard band he withdrew from the hoy's friendly grasp held one of Peyton Fitzhugh's crisp greenbacks. 'Good-by, Caro, you dear, brave girl! You ought to he a man.' The old vein domi nated the ' 'feekless boy even then ; tor he bent from saddle to whisper low, 'Even though Csptiin Charlton would not think so 1' He touched the spur, galloping through the familiar, woods towards Stuart's camp, and the cheery notes of-' dinner-call ' were ringing from the bugle as hp, halted at the guards house. Briefly repor ting to the officer of the" day, the scout sought the general's tent. ' The great" cavalry leader was- pacing to and fro in the sunshine, his plumed felt hat arawn aowu over tne nign, nroaa ioreaeaa. But the wavy brown hair esoaping beneath the hat,. and .the huge, curly , brown beard, were jauntily combed, the' 'great moustache twisted away from 'it ' in massive curves. Freez ng cold as was the - day, General Stuart wore no overcoat; and his' double- breasted jacket, though oarefully buttoned back, swung wide open over the brown shirt that covered his broad, deep ehest. Well- worn corduroy riding-breeches, ending in heavy knee-boots, and long, strong gaunt lets, completed his simple attired From within the tent came the jocund strumming of a well-managed banjo ; and the general's rich laugh rang out, as he turned from some jest to the player. It showed the strong .white teeth, gleaming under the moustache ; and his merry, bine eyes, filled with sparkling fuu, softened into kindly warmth as he exclaimed,— ' Fauntleroy 1 or his ghost dressed tor Sunday ! Why, hoy, we thought you were in prison f ' ' I was, eir,' the seout answered. ' But I am out now, and come with important in-: formation.' ' Important ? Out with it, then !' The laugh in the blue eyes quickly faded into gravity, as the general turned towards the tent. ' Beg pardon, sir, hut I was instructed to hand you this paper- alone,' Evan said, very timidly for him. ' And when yon open it, general, I suppose you'll order me in arrest, for disobedience of orders.' From his shirt- pocket the boy drew a small, thin packet, securely tied with silk and the knots seared with wax, its only superscription being, 'Destroy; if close i.-re.«spd.' ' Why, there's no one hut Sweeny inside,' Stuart said, taking the letter carelessly ; but the instant hi-? eyes fell upori the writing his brows contracted, and he slipped the paper into his glove, as he called,— . . . , ' Come out, Sweeny f'Dinner-dall sounded.' Then, as the general's banjo-player parsed, staring at the ecout's strange clothes, the obief beokoned him into the tent, dropped the fly, and turned full upon him : ' Yon know the writer of this letter ' I do, sir.' .' . . r | 4 You know its contents ?' ; ' Only in part, general ; in case I was forced to destroy it.' ' ' When did you get it ? Go on, , sir.' This impatiently. t i- 'From him, general; yesterday; at Havre-de- Grace.' Stuart showed no surprise. Strange news c-ime often by strange routes. But he a-.ked, sternly, — ' You know the orders, Fauntleroy. What .were you doing with with the writer?' ; 'RunDiusr for .'the Ferry,' Bir. He got roe out of G.-imp Morton, at risk of his life, brought me to ' the Ferry,' and ' The boy hesitaied. ; ' Go on, sir,' thundered the general. ' Tell your fctorv in full, and quickly/ ' He said, «ir, he had imperative duty ia : — in Washington, sir,' Evan went on ; and he briefly narrated his capture, imprison ment, and escape. The general hud seated himself, the packet unopened in his hand ; but the shadow of the broad bat bid his bent face, save for the twitch of his brown moustache from time to time; ' And no news of Miss Clay since your capture?' he queried, suddenly. ' Sbe crossed with mo, sir. She will be in with Lieutenant Barron's pioket and make her own report.' ' Did you bring her to ' the Ferry ' ?' ' No, sir ; I think her escape was planned by ' ' That will do. Wait,' the general broke in abruptly. Ho opened the packet, smoothed out the paper, and read' rapidly, his lips moving in accompaniment to the words. The sheet wsb closely written, with many figures and occasional rough maps. Finishing the scroll, he sat silent and still, his head rest ing ou his hand and: his lips Btill moving aoundle-ely, for several minutes. Suddenly he looked up, a quaint gleam in his blue eyes, fixed on the scout, as he asked,— ' Had any breakfast?' ' C'lffeeir.' ' Report at, -the scouts' mes3 for dinner.' ' Under arrest, sir ?' 'Tho devil H No, sir; for duty I' thun dered the reply. 'Select the -best horse among the scouts' ; have him well fed, and report here atfive o'olock. Get some Bleep: you may have a hard night's -work.' The seout, saluting, turned' to the door without reply. As he raised the fly,' Stuart's voice added, quietly, — 4 Recommendation will go to Richmond . after the— after to- morrow. 'Meantime, you are attached to my staff, Lieutenant Faunt leroy.' (to bb cokntrdbd.j 