A PSYCHOLOGICAL PROBLEM. («' JACK THE HIPPER.") BY DE. N. OLIVEB; Author of "THE KING OP GOLD," "CONVICT 72," " ALMEDA," ETC. CONTINUED FROM IA8T ISSUE. MAY 8 TO 15. JT was a good thing for me that I did not attempt to act upon the instruc tions received upon tbe 1st instant, for I would have met with a strange jtfghap. I am afraid. About midnight I aw®Bvvith a queer feeling in my bead again, 1 had 6tayed in the park too long, and had caught some cold. I was confined to my room for a week, obeying the doctor's orders, although I felt well enough to get out in two days. Ah! this head of mine. It was beginning to give me much trouble. My doctor in formed me that I would probably have fallen in the street, If I bad gone out that night. I was glad I did not make the attempt. My servant had found out tbe full parti culars in connection with Professor Weichs ler's entertainment, and at 7 p.m., on the night of the 8th instant 1 sallied forth ; all right now ; no danger of a relapse. I walked the distance from my lodgings to the hall of the exWbition. It was probably a mile, but I stood in need of exercise, and had plenty of time at my disposal, as the performance did not begin until 8. I walked along enjoying tbe air and a fine cigar. The streets were alive with people, flower sellers, match -venders, hawkers of notions, filled the air with their cries. The theatres were not far off, and as I passed some of them I could sec the people pouring -into their doors. All in search of amusement. It set me to thinking. What is life? One long strug gle for food, raiment, amusement-nothing more. I was deep in philosophising, when I was suddenly brought up with a short stop by a long line of people who stretched over the side-walk into the street even, and whom I could not pass without crossing to tbe other side. I looked up at tbe building they were entering and saw that I had reached the hall where Professor Weichsler was holding forth. What a tremendous crowd there was en deavoring to gain admission, "eager to be humbugged." I smiled as I recalled tbe article in the papnr. I fell in line ; I has tened to do so for fear I would be debarred from obtaining cntrancc at all. I had come that eight, not for the purpose of arresting ray man there, but rather to spot him, to shadow him, and find out his place of resi dence, and then on tbe quiet 1 would bring him up with a short haul. I feared bis in fluence over me and to guard against that I proposed to arrange with an officer to be near me when I needed him. In fifteen minutes 1 was in tbe hall, long before the curtain rose. It was literally jammed with a crowd of sweltering hnman ity. As tbe time approached, some of these .grew impatient and began to have recourse to the various devices employed by the hood lum element to create discord- stamping, clapping of hands, shrill whistles, and like annoying and unnecessary practices. The -crrtain rose, and a tall form dressed in black appeared. " Silence 1" Tbe word proceeded from tbe lips of tbe tall figure, and the house was as still as death. I sat with my eyes riveted upon the man. It was be-Dr; Westingbouse. I dimly beard and understood the opening address. I knew he was explaining bis theoiy. I felt that same poculiar sensation which had come upon me the night on board the steamer. I vainly essayed to arouse my 6elf, bnt it was impossible. An Irishman sat next me. He prbbably observed that I was affected, and said In a Whisper: " I think ye're affected by the beat ; take a drink," and be handed me bis flask. I drank Bereral gulps of whiskey, and braced np. _ I thanked the fellow and fixed my at tention upon the stage. The professor was asking for subjects, and bad no difficulty in getting all he desired, the semi-circle of cbairs arranged upon the platform being soon filled. Then began the manipulations, the experiments in animal magnetism, etc. Tbe entertainment lasted for two honrs, and the operator never failed to control bis subjects in any particular instance. He dis missed the people who had assisted him and stepped off into the wings amidst a storm of applause. I was about to leave the hall, to go aronnd to watch the stage door, when tbe Irishman next me whispered : '. Don't go yet; that's only the first part." I resumed my seat. There next appeared upon the stage a man more portly and shorter in stature than the professor. I immedia tely recognised him as the companion of my man tbe night I saw him at " Big Nosed Kate's" den. The short man explained that tbe next feature upon the programme would be a series of spiritualistic tests, such as rope I tying, cabinet tests, etc. I sat for thirty 1 minutes, but little interested in what I saw, waiting for the professor to make bis appear I ance again. Be did not come. I rose and went into tbe lobby. " Does tbe professor appear again to night 1" I enquired af an usher. "No; he has gone home. He doeB mind reading to-morrow night," answered the fel low. " So, he had got away. I walked home in a bad bnmor, but I vowed I would no lose sight of him the following night. But I did. The next night I planted myself near the stage door. I was there when the professor arrived. I remained there until I Baw the lights being put out in tbe hall. I ran around to tbe front. I perceived an attaebe putting out the gas lamp over the door. '. Has the professor gone ?" I asked. " Lor' bless ye, an hour ago, sur. He went out by the front way." I bit my lip with vexation. I was not fortunate. It seemed as if the Fates were against my finding ont the professor's lodg ing place, for I attended the entertainments for a week and in some unaccountable way missed him every night. One night I took another man with me. I watched the stage entrance ; he watched the front of the bouse. We both remained until midnight upon our posts ; the professor did not come. I found out the next night that he had remained in tbe ball all night, practising some chemical experiments that be was going to produce the following night. The night of tbe 15th I was waiting oppo site the ball for tbe appearance uf my man. I bad been inside until I saw him leave the stage. I had then hurried out and stationed myself opposite the building. I knew that he could not come out without being seen by me, and I bad made up my mind to boldly enter the ball and take him in charge, if he did not come out. I did not wish to take this step, but something must be done, and quickly, for my chief was getting impatient, as numerous dispatches testified. Beside, I wanted to proceed upon my Wbitechapel in vestigations. The performance had long since ended. I was getting impatient, when loupon tbe opposite corner I espied my man. He was looking cautiously up and down tbe street, which was thronged with late theatre parties and others. His survey seemed to satisfy him, for he started up the street at a brisk walk and I followed him. Along the brilliantly lighted street, elbowing bis way through the crowds, hurried tbe pro fessor, and keeping my eye upon bim, I fol lowed him on the opposite side. He suddenly I turned down a side street, which was almost deserted, and which was only lighted by a stray lamp here aud there. I crossed the street, and keeping in the shadow of the bouses still followed him. He walked more slowly, and finally baited beneath the shadow of a gas lamp. 1 was not prepared for this sudden stop, and he beard the sound of my footstep as I made one step after bis. He came toward me, and 1 determined to face him ratber tban show any signs of j fear. I boldly advanced. He saw me ap proaching and stopped waiting for me to | reach him. He stood crect with his arms by biBside. I stood before him the next minute. " Dewey t" He mormnrcd gently. " Yes, Dewey." I answered. " What do you wish ?" " You," I replied. " Ab I" A smile upon his lips ; " I live near here ; come, I will listen to your de sires." I dreaded to follow him now that be knew me, but I had a whistle convenient that would summon an officer; I bad a revolver. Why should I dread bim or show fear 1 I had faced danger before. Such danger as this? No, I think not. No man ever pos sessed tbe power of Dr. Westingbouse. I overcame my feelings and walked beside him, as be strode along silent and preoccu pied. He did not go far-turned the corner at the next street, and let himself into a modest bnilding with a night key. A light was dimly burning in tbe hall. I took a careful survey of my surroundings before fol lowing him in, so that T would know tbe place again. He threw a door open to the left and entered. A flood of light swept out into tbe ball; be turned up tbe gas. I glanced arornd the room. The light came from a double-burner chandelier suspended from tbe centre of the ceiling, one burner of which was alight. A square table covered with a common red cloth stood immediately beneath it. A few cbairs, an old-fashioned clock, a large cupboard with glass doors in the corner, and a map of the City of London, hanging upon the wall completed tbe furni ture and surroundings. Nothing very cheer ful. Nothing very fearful. He walked to the cupboard, and opening the door, took from one of the shelves a square morocco case, about the size of an ordinary hotel register. This he placed npon the table. I felt curious as to the meaning of his action. He made 110 remark, bnt opening the case showed me thecontents-a full set of shining surgical instruments. A chill Tan through me as I gazed upon their polished surface. Why had he shown me them t II My instruments," he said smiling, show ing hiB white teeth. I am proud of them; they were prsented to me by professor La fourche of Paris. I contemplate practising here ; tbonght you might be interested in such things." I looked from the case and its contents to the man. He was calmly surveying the bright knives and saws. " They have seen servioe," he continued. You would not think to look at them." " No," I murmured involuntarily. He dosed the case, and I breathed easier. He motioned me to a chair and sank into one opposite me. "So yon want mfe," be began slowly, with an absent sir. " I have tried to find yon for some time," I answered. " I know it." Then quickly looking at me in the face : " Why will you not be governed by your former experience ? You know you are powerless to combat with me. Have you not had ample proof P Must I give you further demonstration 7 I know you have been trying to shadow me for the past week ; I saw you and recognised you in my audi ence a week ago. I have kept out of your way." " I thought as much," I answered. " Did you j why did yon suppose I avoided you 7" " From the fear of conscious guilt." He smiled gently, kindly. .' No ; not that. I will tell you. I do not fear you, Dewey; 1 like you. I hare never met a man whom I more thoroughly admired than yourself. I knew why you wished to find me; I knew your mission. I kept out of your way because I liked you ; because I knew if you found me you would endeavor to do your duty, and I should be forced to protect myself. You know from past expe rience how well I can do that. I saw to night you were determined to follow me ; so to- night I permitted you to do so. I wished to speak to you ; wished to warn you for the second time, need I say, for the last'time." I felt angry, vexed, that this man should talk so to me, knowing that I had power to arrest him and take him back to the United States. " You cannot escape the law," I cried. He laughed, a laugh ef genuine amuse ment. " The law," he cried ; " what has the law to do with me 7 Consider, what could you | prove against me, even if you should succeed in giving me up to justice? Give this good, sound reasoning from the standpoint of any sensible juror, and you will see that I would be acquitted of any charge. I have read the New York papers since I have been abroad ; I know the ridiculous charge which has been brought against me. Do you think any in telligent jury would convict me 7 No. They say, you declare that I mesmerized a man, a cashier of a bank, and forced him to deliver to me a sum of money. I also suc cessfully hypnotised another man, the jani tor, through a four-inch oaken door. Will any jury convict on 6uch evidence as that ?" " Any who have seen your power demon strated nil! believe :t possible." " So 7 You do me great honor. I tell you it is ridiculous." " Why, then, did you leave New York at all? Why did you assume a fictitious name 7" A change overspread bis countenance. " Not from any fear of being convicted of robbery," he said. " Listen ; I told you in Liverpool that I bad work to do on this side of the water, a mission to fulfill. To prevent you from interfering with my plans I used my influence over you and delayed youja fortnight in Liverpool. That work is still unfinished. When it is done I shall return to New York. I have begun-I must finish. You need not ask me the nature of my un dertaking. 'You would not be any the wiser for so doing. Now, understand me. Let me alone I Dispatch your chief that Dr. West inghouse cannot be found ; return to your country. Professor Weichsler will finish bis work, and when that is done, then, and not till then, will Dr. Westinghouse be found. Allow me to rest in peace. Watch me if you choose to remain in England, but do not at tempt to trouble me I I shall continue to en tertain friendly feelings toward you ; I may prove a valuable friend to you if you do as I say, but neglect my warning, attempt to thwart me, and you thatt toon nith that you were dead. KEM EMBER." He bad risen from his chair while address ing me. His eyes burned and cut me to the heart. His voice, clear and distinct, pene trated to my brain. I tried to speak ; my voice failed me. I tried to rise ; my limbs refnsed to act, While I sat riveted to my chair, he raised his hand and turned off the gas. I was left in total darkness; I heard bis voice again. " You can easily find your way out by turn ing half-way round and walking straight be fore you. The gas is still burning in the ball. Do not attempt to search for me when you recover power of locomotion, for you will not find me. If you come to this place to morrow, I shall sot be here,. I have given my last entertainment, so you will have i nothing by which to trace me. I shall not leave the city, but for your own good do not j try to look me up. Good night." In five minntes I found myself able to rise. I did so; I groped my way to the hall. I did not attempt to search the house, but opened the street door and went out into the night. The street was dark ; a gentle wind softly moaned about the corners of the bouses. A sudden feeling of fear took possession of me, I ran as if pursued by unseen demons, ran until the lights of the thoroughfare relieved my overwrought nerves. I took a hansom and was driven home. I do not believe I could have walked there. I could not comprehend the feeling of terror that bad taken possession of my heart. 1 was like a school boy who has been listening to stories of ghosts until his very shadow appals him. The words of the man I had been with were wordR of warning only, but they filled my entire being with nameless dread. The clock on my mactel chimed three be fore I slept. 