GHOSTS IN CHINA. A Country in Which, the Super natural Forms a Feature of Life. There is probably no country in which ghosts play BO prominent a part in the daily lite of the people as China. There is no question bb to believing in ghosts. Everyone in the Celestial Empire does that. If a man fails in business he sets to work wondering whose spirit or ghost was respoceible for his misfortune; if he is exceptionally successful he does not forget to be thankful to the derii sen of spiritland to'whose epeoial aid he at tributes hig suocess. Travellers among the Chinese have been struck with the authenti city of some of the ghost stories, though oc casionally they have oome across instances in whioh the belief was father to tbe fact. In one of these a guilty sonscienoe oaused a man to believe be waB haunted by. tbe ghost ot his former partner. The former's name was Chang and the letter's Li, and on one occasion they were both ont on tbe river. Li was leaning over the edge of the boat, and Ohang pushed him into the water, BO as to secure the whole business for himself. No thing was heard of the unfortunate victim, and the survivor took charge of the business, abstracting enough cash and secreting it to make any possible inquiries fruitless. As the anniversary of the tragedy approached, Chang beoame very eiok and was greatly alarmed by an apparition whioh threatened him with death, if he did not at once make due restitution to the ghost's family. The required promise was given with, promptness and despatch, as well as undoubted sinoerity, bat as soon aa the sick man recovered he forgot to fulfil it. The performance'was re peated the year following, and this time Chang was BO impressed that he lost no time in making not only full, but even excessive restitution. But a fatal ban seemed to be npon the man, and, business falling to a minimum, he deoided to move. He looated in a distant city, and while honting op a re sidence he met-what he supposed to be Li's ghost. As might have been expected, he protested warmly against the persecution to which he was snbjeot, and asked what more was ezpeoted of him. To his surprise the supposed ghost repudiated his ghostliness, and assured Chang that he was no spirit, but flesh and blood. The terrified Chang ex plained what had happened, whereupon Li, with Oriental stolidness, remarked: " So my falling into the river was not an aocident ? I had neglected to pay duerespeot to the Bpirit of my father, and when I tumbled into the river and was nearly drowned, I thought it a punishment 'or my impiety," Thus the ex planation itself aflordB a proof otthe general belief in the appearanoe of spirits and ghosts. Extraordinary precautions are taken to neutralise the evil influenoe ot ghosts, and this is speoially the case when one man has killed another. Then the ghost of the mur dered man is sapposed to hannt the mur derer both day ana night and to thwart his every undertaking. The man thus haunted is careful to keep idols in his sleeping apart ment and even to carry a miniature god in hiB pocket. He does not fear death at the hands of the ghost, for he is satisfied that the date of his death is written in the book of fate, and that no power, divine, spiritual, or material, oan change thatreoordorexpediate his demise. But short of death it is his be lief that the ghost of his victim can and will do him every injury in his power. The ghosts of suioides are distinguished by wear ing red silk handkerchiefs, and is a good de fence in a trial for murder that the deceased'* ghost has been seen thus bedecked. Only the foolish are supposed to be in danger from ghosts, and it is a severe re proach to say of a man, " He is afraid of ghosts!" The ordinary spectre is looked upon with mingled pity and contempt, and is believed to be readily cowed by anyone en dowed with an average amount of self-pos session, the only trouble being that few people are self-possessed when confronted with a spirit in semi-materialised form. The most disreputable olass of ghosts are those of deceased paupers, an*3 there is a peculiar ceremony known aB the " appeasing ol the burning months." On the day set apart for the purpose plates are filled with cake and labelled with invitations to the " honorable homeless ghosts"-a title which inoludaB the spirits of those whose surviving relatives in the flesh either cannot or will not provide for them. 