MY FIRST AND LAST APPEAR ANCE. My, first appearance-and I'11 take particular care it shall be my last-was made in the very small theatre of a very dirty town in what is appropriately called "the Black Country." It was in a poor and unfortunate company, where the "ghost" seldom walked.$ It crawled in a feeble kind of way now and then, but visits to the treasury were getnerally so much wasted time. The manager had tried tragedy, but, as the murders were not committed either with heavy-nailed boots or pokers, the people of that region felt no touch of sympathy. He had tried melodrama, but the sentiments of the virtuous rustic and the valour of the Bri tish sailor aroused no emotions whatever in their breasts. Finally he secured an "infant phenomenon," and got me to write a piece which would give her an opportunity of appearing in several different characters. It was while I was superintending the production of this piece'that I made my first appearance. I got down on the day of the first performance, just in time for rehearsal. To my horror I found that, with the exception of the phenomenon herself-a poor little child with a thin weazen face, which might have belonged to anybody between the ages of seven and seventy-nobody knew a word of the parts. I expressed my concern, but the low comedian of the company came to me and said-" It's all right, my boy. We'll wing it for you." I did not then know what "winging " might be, but the promise was given in such a tone that I felt it could not 'but be to my advantage, whatever it was. So I was reassured. When night came, however, I found that the low comedian had been devoting the afternoon to diowning care, and that the liquor used in the operation had got into his legs. "Let's see," he said, conn ing off the stage and turning over the manuscript, "wlhat do I go on and do next ?" I particularly prided mysdif on the brilliancy of my dialogue, and you will observe that there was no inquiry con cerning what lihe was to say. I knew what "winnging" was now. But worse remains behind. The leaves of the manuscript had got out of their regular order, and the conse quence was that they played the last part of the piece first, the first part last, - and they left out the middle a,'together. I verily bplieve there was only one line of my dialogue spoken, and I know that tilat lilne was a most .fortunate one. When, in the piece, an old gentleman was getting puzzled over the constant "changes"of the phenomenon, he had to say, "-If anybody understands what !/is is all about, IPl forgive 'em." This was, unfortunately, spoken. The audi ence was not so iduli that they could not see the application, and a loud " H-oora.y !" which came firomn one man in the pit caused me to tear my hair. I returned to my hotel in no very plea sant frame of mind, andh-ent to bed at once. Shortly after daylight I. became aware that somebody else was in the room. In the dim, light I presentlymade out the form of the low comedian. " \Vhat do you want?" I inquired, seizing the pil low with the intention of hurling it at him. Hle made no reply for a minute or two. He appeared to be engaged iti mortal combat with an imaginary foe, and was striking out furiously with both' arms. Then he stopped, as if not certain whether lihe had been mistaken in what he appeared to see, and seemed to be plucking cobwebs from his eyes. "What do you mean by keeping those things?:: he asked, still continuing the plucking operation. t What things?" I inquired in turn. "Why, those things," he repeated, pointins to the middle of the room. " Can't you see 'emn ?' " No," I said crossly, "there's nothing there." " Eh ! Oh, well, you know best, of course. They lookedslike snakes. Can you lend us two-pence?" I was only too gladfto get rid of him at the price, so I *gave him the twopence, and he departed. He had not gone a minute before the door opened again and somebody else came in. I was thoroughly cross now, and seized the pillow again with the full intention of hurling it this time. It was the manager of the company. "I see Jenks has been here," be began. " Yes," I said, " he has. He's been going on in a most absurd fashion." "All !" he roplied' "the old complaint moves the elbow too much. He's a a dreadful fellow-been in a booth nearly all his life. But I caune to ask a favour. Wilkins has bolted." " Well !" I demanded, "what's that to me ?" "Nothing to you, my dear sir, but everything to me. W'e've put up 'Lady Maudlin's Secret' tor the bespeak to nighlt-four-and-tweuty seats taken .i the boxes-and we can't play it." " I'nm sorry for .you,"I said, but I can't help you." "Yes, you can," he put in eagerly; "you can play tlre part." "Nonsense! I've never appeared in my ifle." "That doesn't msatter. It's a small part;you can be letter-perfect in half an hour. I can't change the piece,'or I wouldn't ask you." __ I consented, glad enough to get rid of himn and get to sleep again. I got up earl), worked hard at the part all day, and thought I was all right. But I wasn't. In thie piece, Lady Maudlin had to push me down a well after I.had gone through a.tolerably long scene with her. I stepped on the stage confidently, but the blaze of light dazzled me, and beyond the footlights I saw a dark space in which, as it "eemed to me, countless faces were floating about. Lady MIaudlin, hodever, did not find them countless; she had evidently esti mated the number, and she whispered to me as I went oin, "Four pounds in the gallery." -I tried to spear, but my part had com. pletely gone out of my head. It would have all come back to me in a minute or twe, but the prompter confused me by shouting furiously in mny ear, " Get to the well," dancing about meanwhile in evi. debt excitement. I got to the well. "The well," he shouted again still more excitedly, " where she pitches you in s So far as I knew, this was the well she was to "pitch me in." At all events I could see no other. There was a long pause. I felt it incumbent upon me to say sonmething, so I shouted" Ha I miser. able womnan. What would you do?' -She had not been attempting to do any. thingup to this time.) Lady Maudlin seemed frightened and gave way. I followed. As nothing better suggested itself to me, I seized her furi. ously by the wrist and dragged her about the stage. The audience applauded, nd she called me uncomplimentary names solto voce. "IHa !" she cried, "I am faint. Get me some water from yonder well." I leant over the well to get the water, according to the stage-directions, and she, also according to stage-djrections, came behind me, struck me on tile head with the handle of the windlass, and knocked me in. But I could find no war. rant in the stage-directions for tie savage manner in which she' did it. I had a bump there for weeks. Neither could I find any hint in the stage directions that it was necessary for nme to fall a distance of eight feet on to some not particularly soft bricks. That is what I did, though. I bruised both my elbowst and both my knees, and I felt certain in my own mind that if I had had any more elbows and, knees I should certainly have bruised them too. I shoulld think I lay there for over an hour, and noboudy took the slightest notice of me. Then I got 'up, shook myself, felt my bruises over, and went out to a chemist's. As I got out of the stage door I saw the burly figures of two colliers against the dark corder of the wall. "What's thou waiting fora' asked one man ofthe other. I could see that the other had a half-brick in his hand, and I waited for his reply with some interest. "lo'm wait ing," hosaid'in a low hoarse pice, and with a fixed determination in his tone "I'm waiting for yon chap that played that part where he went doswn th' well." I took one glance at the half-brick and fled. I did not go back to finish my part, and, indeed, I don't know whether the play was ever finished at all, for I took the first train back1to town. This is the only appearance on the stage I have ever made.-- . II. Jones in thae Erz A/ilbthirack. 