SHORT NOTES BY. ' O.K.' That soino of the houses that have boen unroofed iu the storm remind one of two ; eminent men in English history ; they seem to nsk, wlmt tyler will roof ua ? I That Will Ilefus was killed in the New Forest, but Wat Tyler killed the Tax gatherer. That taxation in Queensland will soon | waut another Wat Tyler. I That the newspaper stamp has not re couped the falling off of telegraph receipts. That the Postmaster-General did not tell the Postal Conference that it took 2d. for a letter from Beenleigh to Brisbane, and 2£d. from Beenleigh to London. Admonition to the £d. That when fools dabble in things they do not understand it generally ends in someone finding something out 1 That the parcel post is a grand example of encouraging local trade 1 That for instance, a Drooko 10s. 6d. umbrella, can be posted from Glaagow to Beeuleigh for 9d. making the cost 111. 3d. That such an umbrella can not be bought in Brisbane for less thau 27s. Cd. That a quart bottle of whisky can be bought in Brisbane for 6s. 3d. and 3d. parcel rate to Beenleigh. That the same whisky is worth 7s. 6d. in Beenleigh ! That this is the way Queensland is to become a great nation — eveiy thine:, in Queensland must go to Brisbane, and every thing in Brisbane mtiBt go t6 England 1 ' ' That we can seud riieat to London at Id. the pound, and we can pay 2d. for it here, besides the tax on cattle 1 That at a spelling bee lately a young Jady asked how many heus there were in Vienna. That the' best man said he had never seen them numbered in auy Statistical primer J That is very prim of your said the lady. No it is not ; you are both primmer and primer than I am. That an extraordinary cricket match was lately played in. Melbourne — extraordinary as regards scoring in the Melbourne v. Essendon t&atch.; That Melbourne club broke the record with an innings of 828, of which M'Leod made 324. That running an Australasian theatrical company is not all beer and skittles. That the Australian Dramatic Manage ment Co. lost £0,000 in six months, and now proposes to u wind up.' That we cannot please our English critics in the matter of loans, for the agents say, u relations with you must be considered at an end.' That they blocked our loan ; bucked against the Treasury Bills, and now com plain that we are raising'money sureptiti ously. That since Sir Thomas u withdrew' all he had said against the Bank of England, that little institution at Threadneedle-street would like to get the colonies loan affairs in her hands again. That the placing of £350,000 Treasury Bills locally, without offering them for sale is one of the ' sorest points' that has ever who thinks the colony cannot do without her | assistance. | That she has been disabused of this idea j and would now like to take up the colonics business again. i That the more fuss there is made in i the colonies about settling people on the land, the more they arc removed from the ! land in the old country. That in Scotland alone 2b millions of acres are devoted to deer forests, being an increase of half a million acres during the last eight years. That considering Scotland has only an area of 20 million acres, ihe proportion of an eighth is not bad for deer, deaiy me. That the last years census shows hundreds of agricultural parishes in England with less people than there were 50 years ago. That the inventiou of reaping machines, i thrashing machines, and other labour saving ! farm implements have made it possible for j four men to manage a hundred acre farm without extra hay and harvest men, where eight men lived regularly, and had extra men in bay and harvest. That the qatural increase of population has gone into big townB, to be storemen, draymen, doorkeepers, little shopkeepers, railway servants, and corporation labourers. That since the foundation of Queensland, aboutseven towns id England have increased their population faster than Queensland has, and that London alone has increased in the same time more than all Australia has. That we boast cf our Tyson making a fortune of two or three millions out of cattle and sheep, but both America aud England can find 50 men each that has made as much in the same time. That our Tyson and Robb'a examples have both been proceeded in South Africa, by rich men lendingtheirgovernmentsmoney. That a big man can lend big money at 4 per cent, but a little man has to pay from 10 to 15 per cent, for a little lot — no wonder the poor keep poor, and the rich grow rich. That an American lady, Mrs. John Sher wood, says that women marry .because they like kicking down stairs. They love strong men, and like to be considered inferior beingB. That this same American lady also Bays that the reason some womeu do not marry is because they never have the chance, aod women will be either loved or killed rather than be ignored. That the dead Walt. 'Whitman used to say that the 4* different peoples of America, would become one Nation, with a national1 literature. I wonder what would become of the 240,000 Chinajn'en domiciled in the States. That 240,000 Bridget Hoolahens United in the married States to 240,000 celestials, would be sure to create a nation, let alone a literature. Would it be Erin go China, or China go. brag. Tiiat no one hears anything now about Dr. Koch aud cancer cure. Lord I what a fuss about the cure the Kochites made. Like all hobbies the Kockhorse was ridden to death. That Flftmmarion the French Astronomer has frighteued Steads rcveiwer. Stead, who is a bit of a sanctified methodist, has been frightfully alaimed about the ghost .stories he has published, indicating a tend, ency to the beat of the neither regions, whilst Flammarion has clearly shown that in less than 2,200,000 years, men will be completely frozen out. i ThatSpurgeon's warm place thoory sufiers whilst the Frenchmen sticks to Dantes * inferno 1 iu ice. a That when one comes to look at it, it is a bit curious that the cold Northerners dread the * everlasting fire,' and the warm Southerners dread the * everlasting iee.' Which will it bo ? That iu the New South Wales Loan Esti mates, Railway Construction Branch, there appears a further sum of £44,500 for the Li&uiorn; to Tweed railway. 