THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. A STORY OP THE "BLACK COUNTRY" , OP SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. B JEANIEGWYNNE BETTANY, Author of ' Amnr SawEH's Two LzoaoiES," etc, CHAPTER XII. (Continued). .Hour after hour tho crowd watched, rof using to stir. Rimmoa and Hackbit bad boon away for somo time, and had returned again. About ton o'clock emoko was still issuing from tho . mouth' of tho pit, and tho clamour for relatives was still going on. Murdoch with his com panioos continuod in consultation. It was Hackbit who addroBScd him this time. "Do you think an offort can bo raado now!"' he asked in a voico quito sober. "I ehnll go down with tho first cage." A cry of "bravo man" was hoard in a woman's voico, clear and silvery. It sounded like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hack- bit's oyes waadorod rouud tho torchlight crowd and roated on tho whito faco of Keziah, who was holdiug an infant in hor arms. It was truo, then ; tho anguish of othors had drawn her forth. 'Mr.Rimmon was looking for tho owner of the voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, for she' had hiddon herself immediately. Hack- bit's quick cyo had followed her, however, and ho dashed after hor at oncc. " Oh, con-sin," ho oxclaimed, in a reproachful tonoj'.why havo you mndo ua all so misor- Tho' girl hung hor hoad. "I only wont to 'hjdo mr own misery, " sho said gently, "I didn't think anybody cared." "Icare very much." respondod Hackbit. 41 Beliovo ma, cousin, I fool moro for you than words can express. I will do anything, suffer anything, to bring back happinoss to you ;" and tho hypocrite recoivod a gratofullook from tho lovely eyes, that had grown so pathotio since ho last beheld them, andlookod larger and darker for tho dark circio that now surrounded them. How pinched hor Uttlo faco had grown 1 Even Hackbit's heart was etirrad as ho looked at hor. "Whoso baby havo you got?" ho askod. 'fit belongs to thatjpoor woman down there," replied Ki/zy, indicating with hor finger, 44 Sho fainted, and tho baby foil from hor arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would havo boon trampled to death." "Is thoro nobody tboohild can bo given up th?' askod Hackbit. . 44 1 don't know." "Porhaps tho mother will como to," sug gested Hackbit. 'Mr. Rimmon was scoking bis nephew in tho crowd, and at last porccivod him, and with a mortinod shock, for mortified it was, ho recog nised his daughter, and wont up to her. She was saio then ; and what a scandal it all was, hor disappearance, and hor turning up liko this, more liko a ghost than a living girl ! Still, there was a spark of tondornc93 iu his voico as ho said, " Kizzy, my child !" And truly ho was alarmed onough whon ho saw tho chango that had como oror her in little moro than a weak. The round plump faco had grown so pointed and meagre, tho lips wore palo and drawn, and the dark ayes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. " Como homo with thy fathor, child," said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though nover thinking of undeceiving his daoghter. ".Lotus look for tho child's mother/' said Hackbit, and tho thrco moved with difficulty towards a spot whozo tho crowd was not qnito so thick, excopt in tho contro of it, whero thoro existed a kind of nucleus closely set round oho object of interest. It was the figure of a young girl, who could scarcely be twenty from nor looks. One of ' the humo rous doctors upon the spot wore examiniog hor as Hackbit drew near, and ho very soon re marked that her troublo was ovsr, at any rate ; she was dead. "Has this poor girl no rolativos— no one who would take chargo of tho baby?" askod Mr. Rimmon of tho bystanders. " She has neither kith, nor kin, neither has her poor master, who lies burnt to a cindor, worse luck, at tho bottom of tho mino." ' " Como homo with mo. Kizzy," said Mr. Rimmon again. "I will try and be kind to you;" and ho made no objection to her carrying tho baby with hor. As they passed through Jumloy town, tho numerous low public- houses blazed out upon tho dhrknoas, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had como to drown their grief; vilo traps, catching tho miserable,, and eapicg anguish upon them under tho guise of fomfort. The lurid glow of tho .furnaces lit thoir path fbr a while with an unnatural light, making tho darkness of the Old pork, to bo traversed after wards, doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times disliking tho place, dislikod it excessively to night, and thought grimly of tho uncovered pits. This did hot provent his offering to carry the baby, but Kizzy would not give it up It was asleep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle ho said in a low tono, "Above all, cross hor in nothing." Unnecessary advice, how- over, for Mr. Rimmon was not disposed to cross bdr. At tho end of . tho Old Park Hackbit left his undo and cousiu, and retraced his steps,. He was 'soon again in tho placo of his antipathy, tuld carefully noted oach stop ho took. Ho had gbfc about half-way across, whon a rumbling stfund, followed by a crash, startled him. It whs one of tho threatened houses giving way. Ho doubt the tenants wcro up at tho raiuo. As Hackbit passed through tho town, ho was much tempted to ontor one of tho public-houses, bat he resisted tho temptation. "Hang it all," ha thought ; " let mo go into tho jaws of death flober." Whon he reachod tho pit's mouth a cago was waiting to bo lowered. "Wait for mo," ho cried. Murdock was in tho cago, " Don't you go, for God's sake," Hackbit said. " You aro needed to right tho wrongs," There is nothing extraordinary in this bravery on thepartof Hackbit. No Black Country man is a coward. All are aliko roady in theso emergencies. Thoro is novcr a cry for volun teers. There was a lull in tho crowd as tho cago was towered uml those fow bravo men descended to rescue some fow, if possible, of the hundreds shift np in that flory prison. A white chokored young gentleman of somo three and twenty years, with a very wido- brimmed clerical hat, ventured, to mako a remark to somo women In his neighbourhood, about submitting themselves to tho will of Providence. "Shut thy — mouth," cried ono of tho womeu, " or we'll chuck theo down th' pit." Thoy looked bo much liko carrying out tho threat th.it tho curato moved away as fast as ho coiild with any dignity. Somo jeers wore thrown after him, and ono of tho women said, "It's always tho samo gato. Wo raun bo p&ticnt;, whou wages is so low aswoliavonor QHbw to cat. If our children die of th' fover, orour lads i th' explosion, it's tho visitation of G$d. Oh. it's tho plague o' parsons is tho worst plaguo tho Lord over sout ua— curso titem." Theso words fell on tho ear of an elderly clergyman, who was standiug by, hoping to ho Of use to somebody ; and ho said to tho woman who bad spokeu, very gently, and with much bitterness— " Wo clergy aro groat blundorors, I fear; but believo'mc, wo would do hotter if wo know how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night." '"Ah! if all th parsons was liko you, wo wouldacr curse them," ropliod tho woman. Thoro soomed to bo something happening at tho pit's mouth uow. Thocrowa moved as uear as it dared to tho circio of tho doctors. Tho signal had b=en givon to draw up tho cago. Tho crowd yelled liko demons as tho machiuory was sot in motion and tho ropo flow over tho pulloy. 'Stand b tck," cried tho polico, Tho mouth of tbepit was filled by nn oujoct rising. It was Ifcfcage. Tho torchoa revealed Hackbit and anoihor, each with a black burden iu his arms. The 'charred masscB thoy carried wero Uumau ' beings. Blankets wero held by tho four corners. in rcadiues. and tho poor wrotchcs wcro placed them and carried to tho waggons. ' Tho crowd had almost to ho booton back now, surged a i powerfully towards tho bodies, in order, If possible, to recognise thorn ; but thoy -weVfe unrecognisable. "Tho lire's elill burning in tho north cut ting," said Hackbit. "Wo daren't go uear ' 500 signal was givcu to lower, and down woiit tho9i bravo men again. . After the fourth descent thoy wcro so exhausted that uow volunteers caino forward. In tho course of tho night, somo thirty bodies, six? of which wcro just alivo, wore brought up. TKd rost were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XIII.— AT IIOITE AOAI.V. Jn the mcautirao, Kizzy and hor father and tho littlo orphan baby had reached tho dieiuul -louso. ' Tho door was oponcd by Mrs. Rimmon hofselt - She uttered a load cry on seeing her . daughter, . Sho wokctho baby, and it began to wapplteously. Mrs, Rimmon was not at all surprised to see the. baby. Sho was accustomed to hor daughter's taking to all kinds of waifs and -etrays;' It was Kizzy she waa surprised to boo. When Kizzy bod boon placed in hor father's published bp special arrangement with Henna. 'Ward, Look, tod Co, publisher. (77) chair, sho smiled faintly, and askod that the baby might bo fed. Mrs. Rimmon busied hor- self in- raking off hor daugblor's shoes and stockings ; thoy woro soaking wot. . Sho Ihon proceeded to put tho littlo whito foot into a hot bath, and Sarah, having fedf tho baby and placed it iu an improvised bassinette, brought some tea for her young mistress in an incredibly short timo. Kizzy tried to raiso lier head from tho chair, but sho could not; eo Sarah raised her unu gavo her tho lea. A kind of fog gathered on tho girl's mind, and ohe secmeu to bo in a different placo, with different people ; yet sho frequently recurred to tho baby, auil naked pitoouely that it might bo looked after. "It's fast asleep liko a littlo angel," said Sarah, " in a clothes basket by tho kitchen lire." Kizzy closed her oyes on hearing this, and remained whito and motionless.' "Don't 3ou think wo had bettor 3endfortho doctor ?" suggested Mrs Riutmou in a frightened whisper. " Wo could got no doctor if wo sent," replied hcrliusband. " You kuow thoy nro all busy at tho pit. Hadn't I bolter carry her up to bed?" Whilo thoy wero dobatingthis question thero was a Bound of wheels. They stopped 'opposite tho house, and thoro was a ring at tho door. Sarah hurried to it, in no good humour ; sho was afraid tho baby might wake. Standing bBforo her at the door, whom should sho eeo but Mr. Saltring, with u rod muffler at his neck, rivalling his rcu whiskers, and behind him crept Jubal. "Good heart alivo, girl," said Mr. Saltring to S avail, who stood still, not offering to ask him in, "you aro Sarah, aren't you? You addressed your lotter all wrong, and it has only como to us to-night," "Oh, como iu,- sir," said Sarah, who had now recovered lierself ; "sho's como back to night, sir, and sho looks awful." Mr. Saltring presented himsolf without ceremony boforo Mr, -Rimmon, whoso breath was neatly taken away by tho sudden appear ance. Thoao gentlemen had nover met before, though thoy know each other by reputation. " we've posted, all tho way," said Mr. Saltring ; " wo only, heard to-night of your misfortune." " It was very good of you," responded Mr. Rimmon, coldly, "You sec," said Mr. Saltring, a littlo quenched by this frigidity, " tho poor boy couldn't rest, bo I brought him." Jubal had kept carefully iu tho shadow of Mr. Saltring nit this timo, but nt tlicso words ho ventured to mako himself visible. IIo instantly caught sight of the deathly faco of his sister, and cried, " Oh, Mr. Saltring, do look at Kizzy," Mr.' Saltring stepped from behind tho door, which had hithorto hiddon Keziah from him. " Good heart alivo, man," ho oxclaimed. addressing Mr. Rimmon. "Lord havo mercy on us all for a pack of fools !" White Mr, Rimmon was searching in his braius for tho meaning of this remark, Mr. Saltring had uubuttoued his ponderous over coat and takeu out a flask of brandy, and wa9 applying it to Kcziah's lips. "On my soul, I nover saw such a lovely crcaturo in my ltfo," ho exclaimed. " My daughter's a toototallor," gasped Mr. Rimmon. " Ilubbisb !" said Mr. Saltring, continuing to give tho braudy. Tho girl's oyes openod, and Mr. Saltring said, in a coaxing tono, " There, thero ; that's better, pretty dear." Her vclvot eyes fastened on him for a moment, and a faint smilo flickered on her faco and weut out. Mr. Saltring was thinking, " How is it Sossiblo aqch a girl can ovor have boon born in ttinley?"-' Jubal was standing near qnito boldly now. Ho did not feel so much afraid when Mr. Salt- ring was in tho house. ' Kizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up from his kneoUng position, pushed the table, out of tho way, end hoisted tho groat sofa toward tho firo. Mr. Rimmon's faco was atony as ho watched theso proceedings. "Now, if wo had somo pillows ondblan-. kets," suggested Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Rimmon ; and while sho wont to fotch them ho emptied tho coal-box on tho firo. Kizzy was speedily mado comfortablo on tho sofa. It must havo boon noarlv 2 o'clock in tho morning ; but this was not tho only household up in Jumloy. No ono wont to bod in explosion times, ovon of those not concor&cd; ; and, as a proof of this, tho door next opened to admit the head of Miss Dorcas Rimmon, who, having heard that Kizzy had been found, had como ap to verify tho fact. "Oh ("she observed, in a spiteful tono, "I didn't know thoro was company;" and sho was about to bounce back again, when Mr. Saltring; said — . " ' ,""1' "My name is Samuol Saltring; you may havo hoard of mo. You must bo a Rimmon, from tho family likonesa." "Yes, lam Mias Rimmon," that lady ac knowledged ; and sho looked over tho back of tho sofa, " So sbo's como back is sho, tho un- gratoful Uttlo wretch." Mr. Rimmon touched his sister gently with his foot, to warn hor to bo silent. "No, Joshua, I won't bo quiet," said Miss Dorca9, defiantly. "You've no need to kick mo. I shall eay what I like." "Then I would say it in a quiotor tono, if I wcro you, considering all, things," put in Mr. Saltring. " It's nothing to do with you," rejoined Miss Dorcas, narrowing her eyes as she looked at " I'll give you a hit of advice," retorted tho bluff wine-merchant : "If you'd keep better tomporcd you'd bo better looking." "Ploaso remcmboryou aro not in your own house," Mr. Rimmon remarked to Mr. Salt- 'VNow, look hore," Baid tlio honest fellow, kindliness shining in bis faco, "you don't want to bo told I mean woll. Lot us bo agreoablo. Think of tho doar child lying there." Mfca Dorcas tossed her head. 14 You will let mo stay and help you nurse hor to- night," said Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Rimmon. "I know a lot about nursing sick folk.' Tho next to appear on tho scene wa3 Thomas Hackbit, who bad by thia timo refreshod him self nt. mm nf the low inna still onen. Ho tried bard to look sobor, but his beau noddca in a ghastly manner, and ho liiccupod between every word he tried to speak. He at onca recognised Saltring as a friend, though ho had nover set eyes on him before. " Glad to sco you, old chap," ho said. "Gotttwayoutofthchou.se, you disgusting bruto," exclaimed Miss Dorcas, as Ilackbit, smiling inanely, advanced toward Mr. Salt- ring. " Tako no notish of her," remarked Ilackbit confidentially in Saltring's cur. " She'ah cat. Dcucedly ugly, isn't she? Oh, Lord, sho's millincrsh drcsshmakcrau, Mr. Rimmon tried to explain that Mr. Hack- hit was a little unsteady, owing to his having been down a coal-mine rescuing burning men. "He's been somewhere elm since, 1 should think," obsorved Mr. Saltring, smiling in spite of himself. At tho sound of Mr. Rimmon's voice Hackbit bogan ugain. " Ho'sh an old fool, too. Ho drovo Koziah away, forgod letters, made hor b'liovo— — " 44 For God's sake, hash!" burst forth Mr. Itlmmou. , . "Now ho'sh shweariug," said Hackbit, smiling benignly. "Ilo'ali good man, ho iah; prayer-meotingdh, Isiblo-classhes, Ho gotsh drunk and shplitB things, hodoesh." Dorcas hero gave him a friendly poke. "What aro you doing?" bo began, turning on her. "You'vo loft your 'prentish out waiting for you, I inetsh her. I kished hor." This was too much for Miss Dorcas, who ex plained that sho had brought Mies Tiimnios up with her for company, anu had not thought it worth white to ask her in, as sho was only como for a minute. , " Leava her there biUh longor," said Ilack bit, cocking his hat on tho back of his head. " You go homo yoursht-U. Nobody wuntshkiah Mr. Hackbit next announced his intention of spending tho roinainder of tho night at his unclo'B, and had of necessity to bo accommo dated, Ilut oono of those episodes disturbed Kizzy, who was iu a sound sleep. Tha slow winter morning hroko, and fitolo feebly over tho objects iu tho room where Kizzy lay, tho deep silky fringes of hor oyes lasting on tho pallid chocks. Tho weary mother had /alien asleep, too ; and Mr. Saltring sat near tho couch, # with his boad drooping ou his chest till his bald hoad, rather than his face, looked towards Kizzv ; hut ho was not asleep, _ AVhea attest Sarah made her appearance, Kizzy opcucd her oyes with a frightened look, and sighed deoply. Mr. Saltring was hesido her in a moment. "Couio, wo nro better," ho said choerfullv. " Four hours sloop at a atretch. Now, Sarah, my teas, un egg beaten up iu milk, pteaao.' Ho gavo it to tho girl with all tho.gentlouces of a woman, and all the tact, and was rowardod by a pathetic smite. This over, bo asked Sarah if bo might havo a wuh« Sho looked some what uneasy. .... . i "Well sir," sho said, " Mr. Hackbit got tho spara room, and Master J ubal, ho wouldn t sloop with his father, and Miss Dorcas wouldn t so home, neither, after what Mr. Hackbit said, and sho and Mias fimmlns aro in Miss Kizzy 9 room " " Ob, all right," eaid Mr. Saltring, " I'll go into Jubal's room." . But whon he tried tho, door ho found it looked, and after knocking' several times and receiving no answor, ho con- cludod that ho would go to tho room Hackbit occupied, and not disturb tho poor lad. "I needn't wako Mr. Hackbit," ho eaid. Tho door proved not to bo locked ; and, softly entering, ho bohold Hnckbil In a profound Bleep, with his arm thrown over tho back of his head. IIo had evidently felt cold, for ho had taken down tho bed-curtains and rut them across tho hod ; also, tho hoarth-rug. Mr. Saltring could scarcoly help laugbiug. Ilackbit'a own gar ments— that is, somo or them— lay on tho floor, closo to tho door. His boots, howovcr, could bo socn uowhoro at first. On looking moro closoly, thoy woro discovered poking out at tho foot of tho bod, on tho owner's foot. Mr. Saltring pourod out somo water vory quietly, but ho disturbed tho slcopor neverthe less, and a faint voico from tuo bed said, " What's that?" Mr. Saltriug mado an npology for bis in trusion, " Don't mention it," said Hackbit, holding liis head tightly botwocn his hands; " but I haven't tho pleasure of knowing you, havo I?' "No," ropliod Mr. Saltring ; and ho then ox- plained himsolf. a"I'm afraid I must havo boon drunk lost night," said Hackbit. " Sho didn't sco mo, did Bho? — Kizzy, I moan." "Sho was too ill." " Thank Heaven for that, at any rate. I'm a fool to drink. Nobody knows it bettor than I do. I should loavo it off if I'd a wifa and a comfortablo homo." "My dear sir," rojoinod Mr. Saltring im pressively, " a man should conquer his faults boforo his marriago, and not subject a good woman to tho chanco of his oxperunont failing afterwards.' " Yes, you aro right. But it's vory hard to givo up one's ouly comfort, and nothing to re place it." " Don't bo in bondage. Mako up your mind novor to tasto another drop/' ' Ana now, hav ing oompletcd his toilot, Mr. Saltring hastened down to liis pationt. Mr. Rimmon . had como down by this timo. Kizzy was looking round for Mr. Saltring hod gladdened at his approach. "Sho's coking better, isn't she?" ho obsorved to Mr. Rimmon " A chango of air would bo tho vory thing for hor. Lot mo tako her to Langten with mo to day, and wo will return her to you in perfect hoaltb, God permitting." Mr. Rimmon found it dcsirablo to accept, tliis offer for many reasons. Ho was vory glad whon ho discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jubal to go back with him, too. As for Kizzy herself, her apathy was. too great for her to ex press a choice at all. Thoy might do what thoy liked with her, sho said, so long as tho baby was looked after : " Tho baby shall go too," said Mr. Saltring. " Thoro aro uursoa enough at our houso, I guess ; and if anybody lays claim to it, thoy can easily havo it." When thoy had all started in tho phaeton. Sarah wroto and informed Mrs. Beredith of what hod occurred. Sho could not say whero Kizzy had been, howover, during hor absence, as sno had prcsorved a strict silenco on that point, and Mr. Saltriug would not havo hor questioned. CHAPTER XIV.— MAUD HAKWYS. Maud Harwyn. though a young lady of con siderable pononal attractions, and thorcforO es pecially oxpoaed to criticism, inhabited a houso on hor own reponeibility at Bowdon, near Man- cheater. Sho was an orphan, and lived with only two fomalo servants, except when hor brother Gerald was at homo from Birmingham. Many of her friends' thought this highly im proper ; but it was one of Maud's characteristics not to bow to Mrs- Grundy. Her schoolmaster brother did not disapprove of hor, howevor ; and her father must havo trusted hor, for ho E Iaccd hor under no guardian, though ho left or a largo fortuno. Tho rcadorhas already scon that Lawyor Layton and his wifo woro strong adherents of Mies Harwyn. Thoy had, nover- tholess, urgod upon hor tho desirability of oogaging an elderly companion to live with her ; bat she wa9 hot open to reason. About a weok after tho evonts recorded in tho last chapter sho was seated sipping her tea, in a perfect bower of a sittingroom, quite alone, with an air of complacenoy and thorough inde pendence that mon would scarcely givo solitary women credit for. Sho was looking caressingly upon hor pretty f cot, placed , upon tho fonder. Triey were cased In slippore of the gayest and daintiest. Sho made no secret of tho fact that it was of gravo importanco to her to bo well dressed. Sho wished to bo beautiful, and sho thought it was for hersolf alone that sho wished it. „ ... , Her houso, planned, by htfsolf, was like no other." ' Oho could not sou it . without thoughts of harmony, and sunshino. and warmsummor days. Tho girl was an urtist, though a certain indolcnco born of wcath had kopt her talent in tho dark. Her houso, as much as tho pictures in her studio, spoko of this. Her studio opened into tho diningrooui on ono sido and tho draw- ingroom on tho other. Tho studio was also a music-room, and, in addition to a piano, con tained a harp, a violin, and a guitar. On two or thrco casols Btood unfinished canvases. Tho room itsolf was panelled, and ovory panel con tained a painting, Maud's own work. Near a low couch was a circular bookcasq on wheels, of her own designing- By tho easiest motion it would turn round when sho wished to chango a volarao. This was essentially a goy room, but, as a contrast, hor diningrooui was grim and sombre. Sho had travelled all over Europe in search of weird pictures for this room; and ovory even ing when nbo dined alono thero sho had tbo apartment lit by wax candles enough to have illuminated a ballroom. Whilo she was drinking her tea on tho after noon referred to, Maud's housemaid brought to hor a mossago from tho noxt villa, Tho Chest nuts. Miss Harwyn was begged to como in thero, as an old lady was seriously ill, and tho gentleman did not like to leavo her without somebody besides his servants, whilo he rodo to Manchester to fotch a doctor. Maud went without a moment's hesitation, and a neat servant showed her to tho old lady's room. Tho houso was smaller than Maud's, and differed from it in every way, and it iiau an old-fashioned air, and a certain stiffness and dulness about it. The botkoom sho was shown iuto was hot and rather stifling, Maud at once glanced towards tho four-post bedstead with its whito hangings. Rolling reatleaily upon tho pillow lay an aged head. Maud said to tho servant, " Haven't you another spare room with a bed without hang ings in itf" . , . "No; there were hangings just liko this in all tho rooms. Maud placo I a screen besido the bed, and opened a window, and tho fresh air revived tho old ludy a little, and she euid feebly : ' " I don't think this is the house." "Oh, yes, it is," said Maud geutly ; "you aro all right." " I knew I should como. to it," was tho old lady's reply. ,.»,,»« i n. "Why, of course," said Maud, not iu tho least understanding. Tho old lady glanced towards the foot of tho bed, and observing a largo fire, said in alarm, 44 Tako somo of tho coal off, my dear ; your father will ho so angry." 4 1U .... Maud now became certain that tbo old lady was waudering, and determined to pacify her to tho utmost, so actually removed a littlo of tbo coal, and tho old lady rambled on : 44 Jubal's a big boy. Ho'II disagree with his father soon." << T n " How odd I" thought Maud. really believed there woe but ono Jubal iu tho world, aud now here's another ;" and hoi mind wont back to Langton, and to her brother's pupil who was visiting at the Saltrings. Sho began to batbo tbo old lady's head with eau do Cologuo, which sho had thoughtfully put into herpockot. Tho old lady went to sleep under tho intluenco of this, aud Maud sat down to wait for tho unknowu master of tho house to relievo btr vigil. Sho knew him by sight, but was unacquainted with his name. It was lato before bo returned. On entering tho bedroom ho gravely hold out his hand to his neighbour, and begau to thank her for her great kindncB?. ..... " Oh, don't thank me, I havo done nothing," sho said, with a frank smilo. Then ehu added, " But 1 don't know your name." 41 My uamo is David Rimmon." " Then, Mr. Rimmon, cau I be of any further U8" 1 havo troubled you too much already," said David. " The room is scouted liko a bower ; I am sure that is your doing. But, if I might oak you ono thing moro, would you wait' till tho doctor has seou mother? You would understand his directions better than I could, and explain thorn to my housekeeper." 44 But would sho liko my interfering ?" said Maud with somo hesitation. 44 Well," replied David nervously, " she's rather deaf, and has a way of pretending to bear when sho doesn't, to hido it. Aud I think you would make hor understand." Maud consented at onco, and David wont down stair to bring up tho doctor. That ceutleiuau meanwhile had boen growing very impatient. He had examined minutely every print iu tho room, and had fallen out with the roses on tho wall-paper, had sat duwu on each cfrair in succession to try their relative comfort, and hod finally stationed himself with his back to tho fire, his eyo fixed on tho staircase, visibto through the open door, his ear turned slightly upwards, to catch any soood from above, ' Mr, Rimmon had kopt him longer'. than he had in- tondod, having been vory alow in tho delivery of his remarks to Maud ; and after leaving her, ho had stood several momenta on tho dark landing, meditating. Tho doctor did not moot hia\ cordially. Ho had not oven boon appoasod by a glass of wino. This had been ontiroly an oversight on Mr. Rimmon's part, but tho doctor felt It neverthe less. Ho could only abow it in ono way. It was by increased gravity and severity of do- moanour. Ho also waited for Mr, Rimmon to begin, which was always difficult for David. Tho two looked at eacu oilier in mlcnco for somo soconds, whon tho doctor, in his im- patienco, by tho sudden raising of his boot, knocked tho firo-irons down, causing a groat noiso. Ho turned very red nt tho accident, nnd solemnly replaced tho firo-irons; thon, thoroughly out of temper, faced Mr Rimmon, and obsorved frigidly— t "I can't concolvo why people put firo-irons on thoso ominonces. Evorybotly is certain to , knock thorn down. Mr. Rimmon meokly replied that thoy woro awkward, and askod tho doctor in a most con ciliatory tono if ho would iniud stepping up stairs. "Mind?" rojoinod tho doctor irritably, "It's my business, I supp6se." Mr. Rimmon led tho way, wondering what could bo tho causeuf tho doctor's snapmshnoss. We aro not qoing to represent Mrs. Rimmon as an interesting patient, nor that sho ox- cited strong sympathy in Maud Ilorwyn, This world's aufforors are frequently uninteresting to a stranger ; thoir aspect is often forbidding ; and though their condition is compassionated, thoy can find sympathy for themselves, alas too often, only with God. Miss florwyn'a visit to David Rimmon was by xio moans hor lost ; for as tho days wore on, itbccamo a constant thiug for tho neighbours to sbo her entering his houso; and Maud was not hotter thought of in conBeqnonce. It was another strango proceeding of this vory strange young lady; anutoibo strango is quito reason onough for a girl's, boing placed outside tho charmed - circio of good and discreet socioty, Somo writer has said that 44 ono can only bo strange by boing vjriso and good;" and Miss Harwyn'a neicubouraj to whom sho was ministering, certainly did not think her strange, unless in tnissonBO. i Airs. Rimmon had recovered remarkably under hor ministration, and had learned to listen impatiently foj hor visitor's footstep. Sho was soon ablo to sit up. and hor chair was placed near tho window, iu viow of tho largo garden, whore, winter though it was, an air of cheerfulness reigned. It was a particularly good yoar for holly berries, and tho old lady's oyos woro gladdened by tho sight of thorn, and by tho congregations of robins and epaiTows feasting unmolested. Sometlmos Mrs. Rimmon would sit silent for a long timo together/looking out of this window; but if Maud offered to go, alio would bocomo quorulous at oncc. Ono afternoon they were sitting together thus, whon Mrs. Rimmon suddenly bogan comparing her present outlock with tho Old Park at. Jumloy; and though her account was such that M&ud; understood very little of it, elm nevertheless listened patiently. Thus encouraged, this dasolato creature opened hor heart more and moro ; but Maud had a way of inviting' confidence. . Even David had begun to talk freoly with bor. Ho had gone so far as to toll hor. something of his nieco and her sad story, omitting montion of his brother, howevor, for on this point bo was vory sensitive. . As a boy, his older brother had boon upright in all lus dealings, severe always, yet not more so with others than with himself; and David -h-td grown up with a roverenco for this brothto, whom ho felt to bo beyond the comprehension of his feoblor brain. And now that deep down and hiddon oway in his heart tbfa iaol lay brokon, tho fact was as far out of his con sciousness as bo could pat it. It is to bo questioned whethor ho haa ovon thought this in words, Somo lingering, vaguo comfort ho stored up, as do thousands of other hearts in liko troublo— tbo vogue and lingering hopo that thoro might bo somo mistake, somo extenuating drcumstauco not brought to light. And why deny thoso hearts their fcoblo and sad solace? David had not scon Maud for more than a few minutes at a timo, except on Saturday after noons, when he returned early from business ; yet thoso fleeting moments had in a short week grown inexpressibly dear to him. Maud, perceiving that ho cared to talk to hor, humoured his fancy, and gavo him opportuni ties of seeing hor, and brightened her own life by this kindness to another. If sho could havo foreseen tho future, how she would havo withhold this sweetonp from his lips 1 Klzzy's Story had been related to hor in frag ments, and at sovoral' different times; and Miss Harwyn, enthusiastic and compassionate, had told David that whon his mother should bo well enough to spare her, she would go to her friends at Langton for a day or two and endea vour to mako Kizzy's acquaintance. Her further intention was to bring tho young lady to Bowden to stay with her, if they got on well together. In about a month from tha timo of Kizzy's going to tho Saltiings' Maud Bet out for Langton, and her heart was singing, for sho thought hero was a justifiable opportunity of ooco moro meeting Tom Towcm. Sbo was also iu high spirits at tho prospect of finding a girl friend, a luxury all her monoy had not bought her. When tbo ovening of tho day of Maud's de parture had come, and hor bright faco had novcr onco penetrated the old- fashioned parlour of hor neighbour's houEe, tho heart of David Rimmon fell within bim. Tho light of his life Bceraed to have died, and his spirit. Blow always, was for onco startled into a vivid life, and into tho acknowledgment that this fair crcaturo was more to him than anything else in tho world. Although this truth had ponotrated his consciousness, it still suggests 1 no conse quences.' It was a single absorbing thought of adoration, unmingledwith desire. CHAPTER XV.— A Stoan'ob Proposal. Kizzy speedily became quito at home iu her uow surroundings, and though atrillo palo, sho looked much li'ko her old self. There was one striking difference, however ; sho noverlaughed now. The Saltrings, not having known her until her troublo had como upon hor, did not notice this. Ilcr sorrow hud seemed to hoighton hor beauty and etlieroaliso it. There was only one porson in this establishment who did not yield n willing dovotion to this queen of beauty and of sweet manners. That was Laura. This young ludy gave Kizzy many nn uuhnnpy moment when no one olso was by, aud Kizzy nccopted all this with a certain gentleness nnd forbearance which had been foreign to her boforo thi3 trial. Tho Towers bad been unremitting in their attentions, and had had grave feu is for tho poor girl at fir>t, nnd had seen her etoady im provement with somo surprise. Sho novcr spoko of her troublo, und no one referred to it, unless it might bo lAura. Kizzy had mado a resolve that, though sho had 'been bitterly separated from her lover, it should not wreck bor life. Although her sweet dream had been thus harshly dispelled, thoro still remained to hor the happy past, and tho power of praying for him, und above all there rosoup for herconso- littion tho thought that in another world thoy might mcot again, his crime washed away. Tho poor girl literally lived in this thought. Her father hud been to Langton to soo hor, and sho had treated him with much gentlo affection. If hor boart mndo excuses for ono man who had sinned, ought it not nlso do tho samo for hor father ? Ono other troublo had como upon Keziah. Mre. Beredith was angry with hor. She re proached her fbr not making her house her homo in her affliction. But this was not so much tbo cauio of hor anger. It was that Keziah evidently bclicvod in Rupert's guilt. This lady, who could havo stakou her life on Kizzy's fidelity, now found hor rerigued to a ooparation, unu resolved to roturu no moro to Leamington. Alas, poor Kizzy ! No ono know what a proof sho had in her poisohsion of her lover's guilt. Whether he got off or not, the fact remained tho same. Kizzy was thinkiog over all this ono morning with u great deal of misgiving, when Miss Harwyn was announced. Mrs. Saltring strongly urged Kizzy to see her, as Miss Harwyn had expressed such un earnest desire to muko her acquaintance. Kizzy was upstairs, in a sitting-room devoted to her during her illness, and was engaged ujion sotno work for Mrs, Saltriug. As Mrs. Saltriug held tho door open for Mhs Harwyn to pasa in, Kizzy mentally contrasted the two — Mra. Saltring, round, plump, and small, with house aud baby stumped upon her face, though in a pleasing way; Miss Harwyn, tall and majestic, with an air of freedom in her wholo attitudo winch Bcomcd to belong to somo wild bird sojourning a moment among men, with the consciousness that presently tho grand wings cau carry him far away to his nativo haunts. Kizzy did not thiuk this in ao many words, but tbo words dcscribo thojmpression made on bor mind. Tho two girls shook hands frankly, and Maud seated herself noar Keziah: and Mrs. Saltring, on the plea of somo household duty, went away. She had moro than once found Miss Harwyn too much for hor. When tho door had closed behind ber, Maud, as if attracted by a magnet, passed her arm round Kizzy's slender waist, ana gently kissed her, saying with a rich smile— 44 Whom do you think I saw a few days ago?" "I can hare no idea," reiptmdod Keziah wearily. 44 It was your undo David and your grand mamma," 41 Where did you soo them ?" "In their own house, Thoy aro my neigh bours." 14 Ob, do tell mo about them," said Kizzy, u rich glow passing over her features. 44 What a complexion!" thought Maud, 44 Who over could paint it?" Thon Maud in the prettiest conceivablo way explained how thoy had bocomo acquainted, und spoko nothing of her own kindness, but very much iu praiso of David's kindheartcdncss. " Ami do you know,' ' said Maud, 44 wheu your unclo talked about you, I thought to myself 4 hero is another girl as lonoly as I am. Why should'nt wo bo to gether 44 But you don't know anything about me," Kizzy replied, slinking hor head doubtfully. 44 Welf," ;said Maud, "pooplo call mo im- pulsivc. I novor givo iuoas timo to dovclop. I act on thom Btraigut away ; and if over I regret, I just boar tho thing alono, and don't troublo other peoplo with ray regrets, I havo a groat longing to have you with mo, partly bccauso I think you aro very littlo like rao; and, forgivo mo for saying it— you may beliovo mo, bccauso I am a woman speaking to a woman— you aro so beautiful, you would be a continual feast to my oyes." Tho rich colour mounted to Kizzy'B palo chook again at this frank compliment, and then tho tears gathered in her eyes, and she said despairingly : " That seoma to bo of no consequence to mo now." Maud was infinitely touched, aud sho kissed away tho tears iu a sweet, frank way all ber own. 44 1 won't tako no. You must como and livo with me," she said. 44 1 fell in love with Jou by hoars&y; first, but the sight of you — well, wonder you'vo not boen carried off like the girls in romances." "Dear Miss Harwyn, "Kizzy began, "it's very good of you ; but I ought to tell vou how I am placed, I did not get on very well with father at homo, and I got myself a situation; but porhaps uncle told you this. 1 eanuot go back nome, and I cannot go back to that situation. I havo bcon ill, and I havo beon hero I don't know how many weeks. It is quito timo I went away now. If it woro not for this I would havo stayed with you a littlo time, you monk so kindly; aud I novor Bawjany one I liked so much," 44 Of course, I bavo not mado myself under stood,' ' Maud broko out. 44 1 rarely do wheu I want to most. I understood perfoctly that you wanted a situation. Everybody wants mo to havo somo cross old f ogoy for a companion ; but I'vo alwajs obstinately refused. I want somo ono young, to outer into my schemes, and enjoy life with mo ; but mammas aro so strict now-a-days, thoy would'nt think of lotting their daughters como to mo ; for, do you. know, I livo all by mysolf in a house." Keziah looked startlod. 44 That ia, with two servants— ono old onough to bo my mother. But yon seem to be ablo to plcasoyourself,soifyoucame tome nobody would interfere withyou, and you would have relatives noxt door. The only thing I stipulate for, if you accept my offer, and you shall— you most certainly shall— is that thoro shall bo no question of monoy botwocn us." Kizzy was about to interrupt. "Don't interrupt mo," sola Maud. 44 1 want to explain my plan. Ontho'first day of ovory month I got a certain sum from my baakors ; I am so stupidly rich, you know. I keep two purses— ono for housekeeping, tho other for my nondescript expenditure. I shall keep another purso now for you, and put in it as muc!> as I put in tho last for myself ; aod I am so extrava gant, I am sure you will find it enough." Sho was much surprised that Kizzy did not closo with this at once. Sho auswereu tho look of tho girl rather than any words. "That is very unkind of you," Maud ex claimed. 44 Why should vou not como to mo as well as to anyono olso ?" 44 You don't understand mo," replied Kizzy. 44 Your plan ia like my bolog dependent upon you. I cannot bo , that. If I como to you, I mustcombforasmatl wlaryeuch aalam worth. I cannot receive bonotit from you which would closo my mouth and tako away my freedom," And horo a proud look camo into tho fino face, yet calm and. gentlo, which somewhat abashed her companion. Tho tears wolled up into Maud's eyes. 44 1 can't oxpect you to know mo In one meet ing," sho said. " That (a truo," replied Kizzy, with gentlo dignity. 14 It is truo for both of us. Hau you known me, you could not have mado mo such a proposal.!' 44 And had you known mo," rejoined Maud 44 1 think you would havo accented it" Kizzy gently shook her hoad. 44 Wo cannot begin," sbo said, 44 where wo have only a faint chanco of ending. Your plan should be the result of years of testing, and of coming togother. so to speak. To try to begin so would bo to kill ovory possibility. You avo all kind ness, I sco it in your face. Yet you want to clip my wings, you who can go everywhere and do everything. You like to spend your pounds, feeling thoy are your own. Leavo mo to spend my pence feeling thoy are my own." 44 You despiso ray plan," repliod Maud; 44 but yours is ridiculous. If we're to go on for years, laying traps for each other, aud kooping up tho vory widest aud strongest distiuctinu of tiirum and titiwi, whero would it alt cud ? Wo should novor trust each other at nil." 44 You forgot," resoonded Kizzy, gravely, 44 that your proposal demands exorbitant trust ou ray part, and leaves you still free." 44 At any rato," went on Maud, growing desperate, 44 who knows where wo shull bp before years enough pass to try your way? You will be marrying and going away from me." There was something liko scoru in Kizzy a faco as she said, still with calmness, 44 1 dou't think I am likely to marry, Miss Harwyn, _I was on tho point of it oncc, and it all enus thero." 44 Your uncle told me about your trouble," said Maud, compassionately. 44 Unclo didn't know much," replied Kizzy, dreamily. " Nobody knows much but my self." 44 But nothing is proved against your lovor yet, Kizzy," said Maud, calling her by her Christian narao for tho first time. Kizzy put hor hands out before ber as if to ward off a blow, and said in a voico much like a cry, 44 Do not 6peak of it, you canmt under stand it. I have never told anybody tho rights of it nil. I went awny. I can't remember where I went. I hoped I should die. I rotnomber nights passed in a deserted house, where there wore rumblings underneath. I wanted it to fall in on me nnd bury mo for ever. I louses often fall about there; aud there was anoxplosion. I know that is true, and that I did not dream it, because the baby's hero now ; nud somehow n thought came to me, that I might porhaps work out tho salvation of both of us. and ho und I might meet again inanother world." Maud did not understand nil this. How should she, unless she had known of the forgod letter? 44 1 know about tbe baby," Maud said. 44 \\\ c will havo the baby with u9. You shall como to mo on what terms you like, if you will only come. You shall be my model, ruy guide; you shall save mo irora my eolflsh self. It's a revolution to sco ono so high-souled and so beautiful nt oncc. Now, say, when can you be ready to como to mo ?" 44 1 must go homo for a few dayi," said Keziah. 44 1 havo not seen mother t men I was ill. And please, Miss Harwyu, don't talk to metis you nave done just now. Indeed, ycu don't know my heart. What you tulk of is only wlmt I want to be, uot what I aui."a 4 Well, well, you can't change my opinions," replied Maud. 44 But won't. you show ma tbo baby yon rescued?" "'Gladly." said Keziah, and the two girls wont togother to tho nursery. On hor way homo to the Laytons, Maud was so preoccupied about Keziah that bho twice failed to recognise people she knew perfectly well. One of theso sharply reined up his horse, and dismounting, gravely held out his hand nnd said: 44 This is not kind of you. Miss Harwyn, to torture mo with tho sight of you, when wo can never bo anything to each other, novcr." 44 Am I nover to como noar my friends, Mr. Towers, because vou tako a foolish fancy into your head ?" said Maud, her indignation rising against him. 44 1 thought you would understand, Miss Harwyn, that I am bound hand uml foot, that I can raarry nobody, much less you," "Do you think you could marry moifou liked ?" rejoined Maud, hot and angry. 44 You talk as if I wero only waiting for you to ask mo to accept you. Ah, Mr. Towers, had you been a mau of mouey nnd position, you would not liavo found me so leuieut as I bavo shown myself." 44 That is only your way of upbraiding mo for not being a man of rabuey and position," retorted Towora with equal bitto nc<s. 44 If I wanted to upbraid you, replied Maud, 44 1 would not go round about. I do upbraid you for not working better, aud getting your qualification." 44 How can outridere judge of one's situation ? You are very unjust to mo." 44 1 daresay X thiuk better of you than you deserve." Towers coloured. 44 To hear you talk, ono would think you bated me," he said. "I havo a very real contempt for a man who, at thirty years of age, settles' down without a qualification he has been trying after all bis 44 Your words are vory cruel, moro cruel thau you think," said tho doctor, mounting his horse and riding rapidly away. TO UK CONTWUKD. 