, Baptist Missionary Society. VISIT OF 'BABtJ JOY NATH CllOW- D13RIS, AN INDIAN BAPTIST PREACHER. An interesting sorios of missionary meetings was hold iu thu liantint Church, Hcrrlcs-Rtrcot, on Sunday 25th ana Monday evening 2(ith iust, whon the Rev. Joy Nnth Cliowdcris, a nativo Indian Baptist proachor, delivered tliroo ad- dresses. During tho last fow months tlin Bap. tut Churohos throughout tho world, have, by a 'sorioaet meetings, boon celebrating tbu Con- tonary|of tho Unptiat Missionary Society, tho oldesbof modern Mi«slon Societies. On October 2nd, 1702, tlio Baptist Missionary Society was formod'at Kettering, and the firat collection for tho conversion of tho heathon world, amounting to £193a. (id,, wao aubacribo the KuglUh Baptist Missionary Sooioty for tho present year, lKhl, has reached tlio magnificent budioI X72.72U Ha.ffd., oxchuivo of TIOO.OCO raised as 11 Sj>ocial Centonary Fund. The chinches in Australia aro deeply interested iu mlatibn work, each colony having it eeparato anil Indenemtont Miionary Society and Alisnion tibulon in India. At tho present timo South (AuttrMia and Tasmania havo savor mustonarlea tiAioncd at Furrccdjioro and Dublin, ffvo of .wljom aro lady missionaries ongagod in zuimna wdrk. Now Zealand has two malo and four lady missionaries at Urahmdnbaria ; Now South \N ahtt, threo lady missiotinried in Cotnilla ; (hiuuisland ha two lady musionarics in Noak- nbli.r and tho Queensland commltteo purposo spoiling out a malo missionary shortly. Victoria haii six lady nud two malo iniRBioimric labouring Ip Nymomungh. Babu Joy Nalh Cliowdcris also belong to tho Victorian Baptist Missionary Society, uul labours among his countrymen iu Mymonsiugh. llo uamo to Australia nt tho re quest of tho Victorian Missionary Committee in order to givo tho churohos of Victoria boiuo account 01 uio missionary wor« m tnuin irom thu nntivo standpoint. After . somo months among tha churches of Vlotoria. urrangoments wero mado with tho Victorian Missionary Coin- mitteo, by which Babu Joy Nath has visited the churches of South Australia, also Now South Wales, and is now spomliug a short Unto among jtho churches ot Queensland, Tho nativo pastor 'arrived iu Toowoomba on Saturday evening by | traiu from Brisbane, and was mot at tho station by tho Rov. E. Uarnctt, and otbor moinbors of .-wan a largo congregation. Tho dovolional part 'of tho sorvico nnd tho reading ot tho Sorlpturoa was oonduotod by Pastor E. Barnott, aftorwhich Babu Joy Ntli Cliowdcris gavo a most interest ing address, llo has a clear pleasant voice, nnd speaks very good English. The subjoot of his address wub ids conversion from Hinduism to Christianity. Ho said ho was koma Hindu and brought up iu tha Hindu religion. As n boy ho had tlio privilcgo of an English education, and after reading English books, liko many of tho young poonio who hud tho privilogo of being educated, ho began to tore faith in Uio teachings of thu Hindu Scriptures, and to disboliovo in thoir nnmorona gods. This wont on for somo years, till as a young man ho wont to Calcutta, and there ho began to attend a ohuroh belong ing to a sect callod Brahmosonioj, who are really Hindu Unitarians, behoving iu ono supremo being, but denying tlio Divinity of Josus Christ, nnd tho personality of tho Iloly Ghost. Ho found pleasure in attomliug tho service of this sect ; but still hu did not Hud inward poaco, and ho wont mi observing tho ontwnrd rite of tlio Hindu religion, although ho had loot all faith in it. Leaving Calcutta ho travollud from placo to placo and toll into many ovll way. Aflor con versations with sovornl Christian Missionaries he again bocamo anxious to know more about tho Christian religion. At this timo ho read a book on thu lifu of Josus Christ, nud ono on tho evidence ot Christianity, and ulso studied tho Christian Bible, nnd hu bocamo oonviucod that tho Biblu wab true, and tlmt Jgbub Climt was not only a very good man as tho Brahmosomoj taught, but that Ho was Divino, possessing tlio attribute of God, nnd ho decided to renouueo all tho outward rites of tho Hindu religion, in which 1m did not hclinvo, and accopt Jesus Christ as hir Saviour. Having como to this decision ho felt that ho must ho baptised, and thus profoRs Jesus Christ openly. Whon ho mailo known his intention to his friends nnd relatives ho mot with violent opposition. They woro willing that ho should holievo what ho Hired and attond Uio Christian Church, but ho must not bo baptisod, for then ho would break casto and bo excom municated from their community. Being deter mined to abido by his decision, and openly con fess himself u bcllovor Iu Josus Christ, ho was baptised by ono of tho missionaries in Calcutta. After his baptism ho had a great desire to bo come n preacher of riio gospel, so ho wont to tho Baptist Colloga at Harampnro, and recoivcd two yuATH training for tlio work. From tho College 110 wan sent to Brazil, where ho preached tho Gospnl for two years and baptised many persons. For tho last four yoars ho ha bean labouring at Mymonsingh. under tho Victorian Society, and during that timo has baptised forry-Bovon'of his countrymen, llo closed a most touching and interesting addrcRS by nppoaling to his hearer to do all tlioy could to semi more mlsKionariu to India to uvaugoliso and loach tho millions of his pooplo. At tho ovoning sorvico tho church was woll filled. As in tho morning Pastor E. Barnott conducted tho devotional part of tho sorvico, and Babu Joy Nath Chovvderls gavo an address do- scribing tho methods of missionary work in India, llo said tho Engtiuli Government had dono vory muah far his country nnd people, for which tlioy were thankful, and tho missionaries had also dono a groat work. Tho pooplo of India, especially thu young people, who had tlio ndvantngo of English education, woro fast losing faith in their own religious. If tho torriblo system of casto could bo broken down Chris tianity would soon win a glorious triumph. But tho signs wore hopeful. Tlioy now had gospel halls in tho towns, nnd thoir sorvicos woro largely attended, especially by tho young. They also had Biblu classes for tho study of tlio Scriptures, to which tho young camo, also day and Sunday schools, whore tho children aro taught; and tho lady missionaries ore being welcomed Into tho Zenanas and are doing a good work among Uio women. Ho hellovad tlitt Christ would ruto in India. Tlio addroiB was vory earnest and im pressive. Ou Monday owning thoro was a missionary meeting, and notwithstanding that It was a public holiday, and a most lucoiivuniont night for holding such a mooting there was a very good attendance. The Rev. E. Barnett pre- sided, and after singing and prayer, read the 72nd Psalm. After making a few remarks on the work and growth of the Baptist Missionary Society, he called upon Babu Joy Nath Chow- deries to address the meeting and those present had tlio pleasure ot listening to a most instruc. tlvo and impressive address, on tho religions of India, and tho gods worshipped. At Uin clone of tho mooting a collection war mado for the funds of tho, Queensland Baptist Misnionnry Society, and was woll responded to, Tlio ser vices throughout woro oxcoodingly enjoyablo, nud Babu Joy Nath Cliowdorics loft on Tuesday morning for Brishano, carrying with him thu good wishes of all who hoard him, 