A GREAT TRIO- In this fasoinating volume, tho accomplished daughter of ono of tho greatest novelists of modorn England discourses of our three greatest poots— Tonnyson, Browning nnd Ruskin. For although Ruskin is not known taohnioally as a poot, bis so called poetry being but a puny off spring of tho Muse, yot his "prose Is grand verse, "as Lowell said of tho prose of Emerson. This book is not cxaotly biographical, not exaotly critical, not altpgcthor A serios of personal reoollcotlons, but a blending of all tkroo, written in that easy and oharming style whioh ono rojoioes to find in Thackeray's daughter. It is a series of pen piotures, combined with attomptB to analyse and ostimnto tlio valuo of the work of threo great mon of genius, whoso servico to our litorature and our life has boen inoaloulnblo. tennyson's first verses. The Laureate's first verses, so I once hoard him say, writes Mrs. Rltohio, were written upon a slate which his brother Charles put . "Hocprds of To nnyson, Ruskin nnd Browning. By Anno Rltchlo. Loudon : Mncmillan nud Co. into his hand one Sunday at Louth, whon all the elders of tho party wore going into ohuroh, nnd tho ohihl was left alone. Ghnrlos gnvo him a subjeot— the flowers in the garden and whon ho came back from ohuroh, little Alfred brought the slato to his brother nil coverod with writton lines of blank verso. They wore mado on tho modol of Thomson _ Seasons, tho only poetry he had over read Ono can picture it all to ono's solf, the (lowers in the garden, tho verses, the littlo poot with waiting eyea and tho young brother scanning tho linos. Yes, you can writo," said Charles, and ho gave Alfred baok tho slato , l ; lmv? nlso hoard anothor story of his grand father, lator on, asking him to writo anolegyon his grandmother, who had recontly died, and when it was written, putting 10s. into hia IiandB and saying, 'Thero, that is the first money you over earned by your poetry, and, tako my word for it, it will bo tho last." AIlTHUIl HALLAM. j.ni8 is what Mrs. Ritohio has to say of Arthur Hallam, who was engaged to Tennyson's sister, and whose death in "Vienna's fatal walls" suggostod tlio thomo of Iu fl/cwioWani, 1 ' Ho seemed to trend tho earth as a spirit from somo bettor world,' writes liis father. A corre- spojjjdmt — who is, so I havo been told, Arthur HalHtra s nnd Tennyson's common friend, Mr. Gladstone— Baya with deep feeling: "It has pleased God that in his death, as well as in his "fe. and nature, ho should bo marked beyond ordinary men. When muoh timo bos elapsed, when most bereavemants will bo for gotton, ho will Btill bo remembered, and his place, I fonr, will bo felt to bo still vacant ; singularly as his mind was oaloulatcd by its nativo tendencies to work powerfully and for good, in an ago full of im port to tho nature and destinies of man." How completely theso words (which Becm bo familiar in thoir unmistakable tonos) have boon carried out ! Tho father lived to soo tho young man's unconsoious influonco working through his friond's genius, and reaching wholo generations unborn at tho timo of his death. A lady, speak ing of Arthur Hallam long after, said with emotion to Lord Tonnyson. "I think be was perfoot. ' " And so ho was," said Lord Tenny son, " as near perfection as a mortal man oan bo. ' Arthur Hallam was a man of remarkable mtelloot. Ho oould take In tho most diffionlt and abstruse idoaswith an extraordinary rapidity and insight. On one occasion bo began to work ono afternoon, and mastered a diffioult book of Dosoartos at a single sitting. In the profneo to tho memorials Mr. Hallam speaks of this peculiar olearnoss of perception and facility for acquiring knowledge ; but, above all, the father Uwoljs on his son's undeviating sweetness of dis position and adherence to bis sonso of what was right. tennyson's earlier struggles. Alfred Tennyson has oome to live in London. Ho was poor; ho had iu turn to most that struggle with wholesome poverty wliioli brings the vaguenoss of genius into oontaot with reality, and teaches, better, perhaps, than nny other ecicnco, the patience, the forbcaranco, and knowledge of life whioh bolongs to it. Tho 1'rinoosB, with all her lovely court and glowing harmonics, was oroated in London among tlio fogs and smuts of Linooln's Inn, although, liko all works of true art, this poem must have grown by degrees in other times and plaoes, as the poet oamc nud went, free unshaokled, meditating, inditing , . . . I havo heard thom all speak of thoso London days, whon Alfred Tonnyson lived in poverty with his friends and his goldon dreams. Ho lived in the Temple, at 58 Lineolnlun fields, and clsawhcre. . . . Carlylo and Mr. Fitzgerald used to be often with Tonnyson at that timo. They used to dine together at tho Cook Tavorn in the Strand (Floot-stroet ?) among other plaoes ; sometimes Tonnyson and Carlylo took long solitary walks late iuto tho night. the laureate's i3le op wight home. Tlio very names of the poople who havo stood upon tho lawn at Farringford would Do an in teresting study for somo future biographer- Longfellow, Maurice, Kingsloy, tlio Duke of Argyll, Looker, Dean Stanley, the Prince Consort. Good Garibaldi once planted a treo thore, off which some too ardont Republican broke a braneli before 24 iiours had passed. Horo oaino Olough in tho last year of his life. Here Mrs. Cameron fixed her lens, marking the well known faeos as they passed— Darwin, Browning and Henry Taylor, Watts . and Aubrey do Yere, Lcoky and Jowett, and a score of others. I first knew tbe place in tbo autumn, but perhaps it ia oven more beautiful in spring timo, when nil day the lark trills high ovorhead, and then when the lark lias flown out of bearing the thruBhes begin, and the air is swaet with scontB from tbe many fragrant shrubs. The woods aro full of anemones and primroses; narcissus grows wild in the lower fioldB ; a lovely creamy stream of flowers flows along the lanes, and lies hidden in the levols ; hyacinth pools of bluo shino iu the woods ; and then with a later burst of glory comes tho gorso,' lighting up tbo country round about, ami blazing round about tho benoon hill. Tbo beaoon hill stands behind Farringford. If you oroas tho little wood of nightingales and thrushes nnd follow tho Inuo where the blaek- thorn hedges shino in spring time (lovely dials that illuminate to show tho hour), you oomo to tho downs, und olimbing thoir Bmooth steps yon stands firm upon the mound. Then, following the line of the oliffs, you may oomo at last to tlio Needios, and may look down upon the ridge of rocks that rise arisp, sharp, shining, out of tbo blue wash of fieroo delicious waters. . , Somo people camping in tho New Forest onoo told me of a mysterious figure in a clonk ooming suddenly upon them out of a deep glade, passing striiiglit'oil, looking neither to -tisn right opr tha left. "It was either a ghost or it was Tenny son," said thoy. A boy's idea op tesntson. Pooplo have different ideas of poets. Mrs. B , of Totland Bay, once asked a freshwater boy, who was driving her, "if ho know Mr. Tonnyson."—" Ha makes poots for tho Quoen," said the boy. " What do you mean ?" said tho lady, amused. I don't know what they means," said tho boy, " but p'liocmen often soo him walk ing about a-making of 'om under tho stars." tennyson's best oohpliment. Porhaps the best oompliment that Tennyson ever rooeived was ono: day, walking in Ooycnt garden, whon ho was suddenly stopped by a rough lookiug man, who hold out his hand and said, " You're Mr. Tennysou. Look here, sir, hero am L I'vo boen drunk for six days out of tho seven, but if you will shako mo by tho hand I'm d— r=»d if, I ovor got drunk again." Mrs. Rltohio doos nob say whothor the poot complied with the drnnksn man's request, but wo hope ho did. buskin's house at bbantwood. Tho houso is white, plain and comfortable, absolutely unpretending. I remember uobioing witb a thrill tho umbrella stand in tho glass door. So Mr. Ruskin had an umbrella just liko other people 1 Itsoemod to mo to bo a dwelling planned far sunshine, and sunshine on tho lakes is of a quality bo sweot and rare that it aounts for more than in any other place. The bright ness of Brentwood, tho squareness and its un affected comfortableness, were, I think, tha obief characteristics. You had a general im pression of solid, old fashioned furniture, of amber colored damask ourtains nnd coverings there were Turners and othor wntor color pio tures m ouriy frames upon tho drawing room walls— a Prout, I think, among them; there was a noulo Titian m tho diniogroom, and tho lull length portrait of a child in bluo sash over the sideboard has become familiar sinoo thon to tho readers of Pralerita ; and most certainly was thore an absonco of any of tho art-diph- t hongs and peculiarities of modern tosto ; only tho simplest and most natural arrangements for the comfort of the inmates and their guests — Turkey oarpots, steady round tablos, and abovo all a senBO of cheerful hospitable kindness which sooms to bo traditional at Brentwood. Ruskin dispensed to his guests fine wheaten broad arid bootch cakes in many a crisp oirelet and ores cent, nnd trout from the lake, and strawberries suoh as grow only on tho Brentwood slopes. BUSKIN AT OABLYLE's. xit n pretty acaount onoo from Mr. Alfrfid liVLfolLnn nf a «!>.!. -.-t.i i a , 7 — y <» v idlt/ ijuiu uy 1vu9kid to Carlylo in the familiar room in Clioyno-walk (sic, row, it should be, Mrs. Ritohlo 1), with tho rwiS »>UI rm C'r?',TlwoU on 'bo wall, and Mrs. Carlylo s tables and pretty kniok knacks still in their quiet ordor. Mr. Ruskin had been ill not long before, and as lio talked on of some thing bo oared about, Mr. Lyttolton said his eyes lightod np, and ho scorned agitated and moved. Carlyle stopped liim short, saying tho subjeot waB too interesting. "You must tako cair?'t « with that inflnito kindnoss which Carlyle could show. "You will bo making yourself ill onco more." And Ruskin. quite simply, like a child, stopped short. "You are right," he said, calling Oarlyle "master," and then wont on to talk of something olso, as dull, no doubt, as anything could be that lluskiu aud Carlylo could talk about together. buskin's DREASr. Anothor legoud, whioh I cannot vonoh for cither, but whioh seems suitable somehow, begins with a dream, in whioh Ruskin dreamt himaelf a Franoiaoan friar. Now, I am told that when ho was at Rome there was a - ) 1 beggar on the steps of tho Pincio who begged of Mr. Ruskin every day as ho passed, and who always received something. On one occasion tho grateful beggar suddenly caught the out stretched hand and kissed it. Mr. Ruskin stopped short, drew his hand hastily away, and then, with a sudden impulse, bending forward, kissed the beggar's ohook. Tho noxt day tho man came to Mr. Ruskin's lodging to Gnd him, bringing a gift, whioh ho offered with tears in his eyes. It was a relic, he said, a shred of brown eloth, whioh had once formed part of the robe of St. Franois. Mr. RuBkin remembered his dream when the poor beggar brought forth his relio, and thence, I am told, came his pilgrimage to tho convent of St. Francis of Assiai, whoro ho boheld thoso fresooes by Giotto, whioh seemed to Inm more lovely than anything Tintoret himself had over produced. elizabeth bailtlett browning. The hours seemod to my sister and to mo warmer, more full of intorest and peace, in her sitting room than elsewhero. Whether at Flo rence, at Rome, at Paris, or in London onoo more, she seemed to carry her own atmosphere always, something serious, motherly, absolutely artless, yet impassioned, nobloand sincere. I oan recall tho slight figure in its thin blaok dTess, . tho writing apparatus by the sofa, tho tiny ink stand, tho quill nibbed pen — the unpretentious implements of her magic. " She was a littlo woman j sho liked little things." Mr. Browning t used to say. »Her miniature editions of tho classics are Btill carefully preserved, with her name written in each in her delicate, sensitivo handwriting, and always with her husband's namo abovo her own, for she dedioated all hor books to him ; it was a fancy that she had. a picture of mi|s. browning's early home. Mrs. Ritchie, with her little son, paid a' visit to Hopo End, tho home of Elizabeth Barrett's girlhood, and thus describes it: — "Evorythiug was wild, abrupt and yet suddenly harmonious. "Wo passed an unsuspected lako covered with water lilies, A flook ot sheep at full gallop plunged across the road ; then came ponies with long manes, and round, wondoring eyes, trotting after us. Sometimes in the Alps one has met such herds, wild creatures, sympathetic, not yet afraid! Finally we caught sight of tho river, whero a couple of waterfowl were flying into tho sedgos. But whoro was tho wild swan's nest, and why was nob the great god Pan there blow ing ujion his reed? It all seemed so natural and so vivid that I should not have been startled to see him sitting quietly by the side of tho river." browning's kindly encouragement. To a young lady author who was disgusted with her early failures, and who was asked by Mr. Hamilton Ai'do, when her next book was coming out, and whorepliod sharply, "Novcr," Mr. Browning said, " All in good timo;".aud then "he went on to ask us if we remembered tho epitaph on the Roman lady who sat at home, who span wooL 'You must spin your wool some day,' he said kindly to the would be authoress, 'every woraau has wool to spin of somo sort or another. Isn't it so?' he asked, and ho turned to hia wife. I went homo feeling quite impressed by the littlo speeoh, it had been so gravely and timely made." mrs. browning's religion. ChuroheB do all of them, as at present consti tuted, seem . too narrow and low to hold true Christianity in its proximate development. I, nf. I ob of. rinnnnf. UaIii Kalinvinn fliam an /Whla was in a letter to LeigU Hunt.) bbowning a toet for the old. Browning is a poet for tlio old as wall as for the yonng. Some poets write of summer, others of spring. Browning bolongs evon mora to wintry times, or to the early silent months whioh precedo spring — tho branches of the trees may be dry nnd frozen, bat in thom lies the sap of hope anc( life ; the frost bound earth oontains tiie iiarvestf) of tho y«Ar, its joys and fragano and sweetness to be. Who more than Browning has ever mado us realise that life whioh oxists alongside with death, that truth and law whioh nndorlie confusion 1 I press Clod's lamp Close to my breast, its splendor Soon or late will plorco the gloom. browning as a friend. I often find myself going back to Darwin's saying about tho duration of a man's friendships being one of the best measures of his worth, and Browning's friendships are vory oliaraotoristio and couvinoing. Ho speoially loved Landor, to whom ha and' his wife were good Samaritans indeed. For tho Tonnysons his was also a real and warm affeotion. Was there ever a happier dodioation than that of his collected selections? To Alfred Tonnyson. In poetry illustrious and consummate, ' In friendship noble and sincere 7 How onduring was his friendship for Mr. Frootor, and how often has his faithful ooming oheorod the dear and kind old man ! Of his fooling for Mr. Milsnnd I lmvo already Bpoken. , Among tlio women who wero Mr. Browning's real and confidential friondB there Is the samo sonse of trust and dopendenoo. We havo no further space for the numbers of interesting quotations with whioh Vnia ; hophi literally teoms. Gossipy (6 iriay m truth bo oallen. But do we not all love gossip about great mon, ospooially gossip informed by srioh a fino spirit of appreciation bb Mrs. Rltohio had i for Tennyson, Ruskin and Browning? Few more nonular works will bo niihlinlieil tlnt-ino tho season.— Daily Chronicle. s 