.CHAPTER XXVII. A WHITE MESSENGER. Desmond awaited Beryl's appeaianee in the drawing-room until ten o'clock. Some of the lodgers dropped in, after their usual custom, and he did not enlighten his landlady in regard to his engagement with Beryl. At last, despairing of Beryl's appearance that evening, and greatly troubled lest she should be ill or suffering, Des- mond took up his lamp and went up to his room. " She may have taken a chill," he thought anxi- ously. " She is alone up there, with no one to take care of her if she should be ill. This must all be changed. Poor, half-atarved, lonely and sorrowful, yet sunny of heart and face, I shall not Buffer her to live on in this manner. It is time she were taken care of." He opened his door and passed into his sitting room. As he entered, his foot struck against Beryl's letter. He picked it up, locked the door, and sat down in his easy-chair with a pleased and happy smile. He knew from whom the letter had come, and kissed the address with a reverent, passionate tenderness, before he broke the seal. " She has given me my answer to-night, as she I promised," he thought. "The letter looks stained with tears." The newspaper scrap fell out. He read it first, keeping the precious letter to be dwelt upon and studied later. But the printed item seemed to have no connection with Beryl, and he laid it aside, wondering. Then he read the letter not once, but again and again. He studied the newspaper scrap in the light thus thrown upon it. It is needless to say that Beryl's revelation was very bitter to him. He could have sworn from her well- bred air, and gentle, unfailing courtesy, her half-haughty carriage, her proud patrician beauty, her regard for others' feejings, even those of the meanest servant, that she was of gentle birth, the child of long generations of culture and education. If her cheeks had burned in writing her letter, his burned in reading it, but burned in admiration of her bravery, her truthfulness, her simple honesty How easily she might have kept all this from him if she had wished ! But it was the latter part of the letter that hurt him most deeply. A widow at the age of seventeen-a widow when ho had be lieved her a maiden-the widow of a man whose real name she said she did not know ! For an hour Desmcnd gave himself up to his thoughts, which we will not attempt to detail. It is enough that Beryl's letter seemed to him full of bitterest pathos, and that he had not loved her half so well before. His soul overflowed with a passionate tenderness for her. He was a proud man but his pride was an honorable and elevating principle, not a degrading sentiment. Give her up ' -never ! What mattered it that she had been the wife of a scoundrel ? He pitied and loved her all the more for what she had suffered He heard, somewhere toward midnight, a troubled step pacing softly to and fro. His face was trans- figured as he harkened. .. My poor little darling," he whispered to him- self. "Is it too late to send her a message? I cannot let her think that I have let her go out of my life as she has bid me-Bhe must not think so even till morning." He took up the letter she had written bim and laid it on the fire. Then he went to his desk and wrote these lines in a firm hand that was an index to his firm, strong, masterful nature : My Poor Little Beryl,-I have read your letter and burned it. So let your past perish from your mind. We will never allude to it hereafter : you shall begin a new life with me, my darling, and I will make your life all dunshine, if God will permit me ; and if shadows do obscure our path, we shall yet tread it together. My darling, I shall not let you go from me. Did you think that I should love you less because you had suffered ? My own Beryl, you do not know me. I shall procure a special license to-morrow for our marriage, and on the day after to-morrow I shall take your life into my keeping. NOBLE DESMOND. As he folded his note, he saw the newspaper item still lying on the table. He took up the scrap and burned that also, watching it flame up and burn to crisp ghost of what it had been, and then, his letter in hand, he stole softly up the stair to Beryl's door. He thrust his letter beneath it, as she had done a little before with her letter at his door, and tapped once very lightly on the panel to call her attention, and then he returned to his own room. He heard her pause in her walk ; he heard her quick sprang forward as she caught sight of the white messenger of joy upon the floor. No answer came from her that night. He did not go to bed, and during hour after hour, as he sat by his fire wakeful and deeply thoughtful, he could hear light movements now and then as she crossed her room, or went to her window, or stirred her fire. '' She is sleepless, too !" he thought, yearningly " She cannot refuse me again. Will the morning never tome !" CHAPTER XXVIII. AT ST, JUST'S. Night wore away at last, and morning dawned, a morning gray with fog and chill and dampness Noble Desmond made his toilet tor the dayana list- ened to every sound in the corridor, to every step on the stair, with a hope of receiving some further message from Beryl. But none came. The house- maid scrubbed the doorsteps and performed her usual duties throughout the house, bringing Des- mond's breakfast to him at eight o'clock. But he could not eat and did not sit down to his table. He heard a light step on the stair. Then a little note came softly under his door. The step con, tinued to descend the lower stairs. Desmond caught np his letter hastily, and found that it con- tained only these words : " I cannot take advantage of your generosity. Spare us both the pain of meeting again." Desmond crushed the letter into his pocket, put on his hat and hurried out of the honse. As he had comprehended, Beryl was already on her way to Brunswick Square. He overtook her at Bedford Square j he stepped forward very quietly and drew her arm within his. Beryl looked np with a low cry, and would have drawn away from him, but he held her hand in a firm clasp that did not heed her struggles. She had a small parcel in her hand containing the roll that was to serve as her luncheon. Desmond took the parcel from her gently and thruBt it into his outer-coat pocket' He was gentle and tender as the most humble lover, but he had also an air of quiet authority, a masterful protectiveness, as if she belonged to him utterly, that thriiled the girl's lonely heart anew with joy and pain. " Are you on your way to Brunswick Square ?" he asked. Beryl relied in the affirmative. " I shall go with you to Mrs. Byan's door," said Desmond, "and will wait for you outside. Your stay need be but brief. All that is necessary to say to the lady is that you must resign your situa- tion. I shall send you back to Wells- street ina cab and shall come to you as soon as I have trans- acted a little business at Doctors' Common. Is this satisfactory to you, my darling ?" ' The square was very silent, the morning thick with fog. He bent his head to look into her face. She was very pale and wan, with big brown eyes set in purple circles. Her short rings of red-brown hair shaded a troubled brow. " Did you find my note this morning ?" Bhe asked. " Yes," he answered, " Did you think, Beryl, that I should let your girlish scruples come between us now ? You are free to marry me ; you love me. I love you ; I am free to marry you ; I can givo you a comfortable home. What more can be said ? We will bury this dead past out of our memory. I will teach you to forget that men are sometimes base and cruel." " But you are a gentlemen, Noble. I am not a fit wife for you." " Permit me to be the judge of that," said Des« mond. " You are a lady, Beryl, despite any cloud on your origin and despite your racent misfortunes and any man of however high rank would be honored by marriage with you. I accept all the responsibily ; you are not even to think in the matter. You are to become my wife to-morrow." Beryl ceased her protestations. It was pleasant to submit to this stronger will, to be led in the way of happiness even against her convictions of what was due Desmond. " He has been dead some four or five months," she said, in a low voice. " Our marriage was never published in England, although we were married at Geneva and lived for a month near Ouchy on Lake Leman. I have never been called by his name, never worn mourning for him and never informed any one in England, except my mother's brother, of my marriage." " You are thinking that this marriage seems to come very soon after the other ?" said Desmond, comprehending her thoughts. " True, Beryl ; but you are net known to be a widow, and have no need to wait a year out of respect to a man who proved himself a villain. Trust me, darling. Let me have my own way about our marriage." Beryl yielded her will to that of her lover, although even as she did so strange presentí« ment of evil clouded her spirit. She did not speak of thiB presentiment, attributing it, perhaps, to physical weakness, but she was very silent through- out the remainder of the walk to Brunswick Square. Desmond left her at Mrs. Byan's door and went in search of a cab. He returned in the vehicle but waa obliged to wait a full half-hour before Beryl eame down the steps, her cheeks flushed, and an indignant red sparkle glowing in her eyes. Desmond alighted at first sight of her. He helped her into the vehicle, and stood by the open door, his hat in his hand. " I could hardly get away," said the girl, with a half laugh. " Mrs. Byan was not willing to lose me, after all. She reproached me for my ingrati- tude in wishing to leave her, read me a long lecture upon my improvidence in giving up my situation, . and kept back the sovereign she owes me, as I am leaving her without due notice. Please tell the man to drive to Oxford-street. I will tell him when to stop." Desmond complied with the request, and the lovers parted, he to go cityward, and she going to Oxford-Btreet. When she left Mrs. Margie's that morning, Beryl had determined to seek cheaper lodgings before returning that night. She had used the larger portion of the money that remained to her from the fund acquired in Geneva by the sale of her trinkets, and was in need of Bhoes and gloves. She had put into her pocket two'or three pieces of her mother's jewellery, including a diamond brooch, with the intention of selling them. Her determination to so dispose of them was still unchanged. She had her fair share of womanly pride. Her toes were peeping from her boots, although the white stock- ings beneath had been carefully inked that they might not show. Her gloves had been darned and mended nntil they were past mending. Her hat had belonged to her school wardrobe, and after sis months' wear in rain and sun, despite repeated renewals of the ribbon trimming, was very shabby indeed. It will be remembered that she had not retained any portion of the wardrobe Conyers had bought for her. " I want to look my best to-morrow," she thought "I want to look beautiful to Noble. I will not go to him with these shabby school-garments bought for me by my uncle's money. I will procure a proper outfit that he may not be ashamed of me. I must sell my mother's jewels, but the clothes I shall buy will seem a gift from her. " And I shall still have her necklace and ruby locket." She stopped the cab at a jeweller's shop, and alighted. The brooch she offered for sale was worth above a hundred pounds. She obtained sixty pounds for it, the jeweller informing her that he was not in the habit of buying second-hand ornaments, but would make an exception to his rule for her benefit. With this money in hand Beryl felt rich. Sha drove to an outfitter's and purchased two sets of very fine undergarments ; to a milliner's ana bought a dainty round hat of black, trimmed with blue ostrich feathers and ribbon to match, the brim faced with pale-blue silk. Then she proceeded to a first-clasB dry-goods establishment and pur- chased a wedding-dress and a travelling- costume. The former was a dainty gray Bilk, with a gray , velvet jacket. The latter was of navy-blue serge Gray and navy-blue gloves, and a pair of fine walk- ing- boots completed her list of purchases, the whole having cost only some sevonteen pounds. She re- turned to Wells-street with her new acquisitions, and the housemaid carried them upstairs for her. Mrs. Margie made haste to call upon her lodger She found Beryl trying on her new silk gown, and the good woman stood amazed. The ruffled skirt, the well- fitting basque, which had been adapted to the form of its present owner, the soft frills of tulle at the throat and in the slashed sleeveB, were stared at by the'.landlady with a countenance that grew with every instant more severe. " Excuse me, misB," she said, frigidly, " as it is so unusual for you to come home so early in the day j I made bold to come up to see if you were ill Pardon my intrusion." "It is no intrusion," said Beryl, pleasantly« " Please sit down, Mrs. Margie. I am only trying on a new dress, and am not at all ill." Beryl proceeded to explain the situation. She concluded with: "Mr. Desmond spoke of spending a week at Brighton. We have not had time to form our plans." " Yon may be sure that Mr. Desmond has laid out MB plans, even if they should be subject to jour approval," said Mrs. Margie. "Howl have been mistaken in him ! I took him, at first, to b3 a sort of dainty gentleman with no grip in him, so to speak, but he's got a will like the first Napoleon's. I shouldn't be surprised to see him lord chancellor some day. He is to be admitted to the bar very soon, and has now a clear income of two hundred pounds a year. You'll be doing well in your marri- age, miss, and I shall wish you joy. When is the lonna to be put np ?" " There are to be no banns published," said Beryl. "Mr. Desmond seems anxions to be married at once, and will not wait three weeks, as would be necessary if he published the banns. We live in the same parish, and he can easily procure a special license. He knows all about the law, and how and , what to do. We are to be married to-morow morning." " So soon ? That is prompt. Are you te be married in church, or in a registrar's office ?" " I do not yet know. Mr. Desmond will tell me to-night. But I wish to ask you to attend our ' marriage, Mrs. Margie. Mr. Desmond will ask you also. We have no friends or relatives to invite-" " Mr. Desmond has relatives, although they probably wouldn't approve his marriage," said Mrs. Margie. " He's got a distant cousin who is a lord so I've been told, though Mr. Desmond never said anything about noble relatives. This lord is a great politician, our cuiate says, and is as rich as Croesus, Hie name is Lord Hawkhurst, and he's an earl. I should have thought, miss, that you would have worn white to be married in. Gray is more suitable to a widow marrying again." j "Yes," said Beryl, the colour dying out of her face, " but gray is suitable for me." Mrs, Margie took her leave, intent upen her own wardrobe. A little later the housemaid came up with sealed envelope, in which was an address-card, bearing these words in pencil : " My darling, come down to me in the drawing room." Beryl obeyed the summons. She found Desmond alone. Mrs. Margie was in the hall outside, engaged in a vigorous dusting of the hall table with her apron. Desmond met his betrothed at the door, happy and impatient. " I have obtained our special license, my darling," he said, shutting the door and putting his arm around her and drawing her toward the hearth ?" It authorizes any clergyman or registrar to unite in marriage Noble Desmond, bachelor, and Beryl Conroy, widow. You start at the name. Is it so unfamiliar to you ? You know I was obliged to give your true name as nearly as you knew it. And all 'the arrangements are made for our marriage at St. Just's to- morrow morning at eleven o'clock. I have informed Mrs. Margie of the imminent change in our affairs, and she will accompany us to the church. IB there any one you would like to witness our marriage-any friend, however humble ?" "No one. Mrs. Toploft is thousands of miles away. There was an old servant of my uncle who was my mother's nurse-but I don't want her. If you take me, Mr. Desmond, you take one without friends as well as without name, or fortune," said Beryl, sighing. " But have you no friends to in- vite ? Mrs. Margie says that you have a noble re- lative, Lord Hawkhurst, who may be offended at your marriage with me." " And suppose he were ?" said Desmond, with an amused Btnile. " Lord Hawkhurst troubles himself very little about me, you may be sure, Beryl-as little as I do about him. He does not look upon me now with any favor. But enough of Lord Hawk- hurst. Do you know, darling, that we are betrothed and are to be married to-morrow, and you have never even given me a kiss ?" He put his hand under her chin and lifted her face into his full view. It was a shy, happy face, radiant with its bright, rare beauty, and illum- inated by a pair of trustful, loving eyes ¡ a pure and childlike face, as tender and lovely as it was sweet and spirited. The look she gave him was a caress, but the kiss he had to take for himself-she offered none. (To be centinued.) 