THE UNLET OVAL.— OPENING CEREMONY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10. rv. W \ M \ intofaTt VX&flSsw; aw fcn M a Wl TASMANIA.— PORT ARTHUR, THE OLD CONVICT SETTLEMENT. Prom a Photo, et Me. J. R. Mask, O.E. shipping port of Hull. The reason was that his remittances were large, whilst the slight damages, incidental to long voyages, were repaired by the crew, who were starved by their captain, just to save expenses, and to gain praise from his employer. It was, there fore, not surprising when he was appointed commander of the new — on an entirely novel plan — constructed full-rigged ship, Celerity. This beautiful, and famed ship, deserved her name indeed ; for from the very first she proved herself one of the swifteBt sailors of the merchant navy that flew the Union Jack at the gaff. It did not take long to make her favourably known in the ports of South America and the West Indies, the part of the world where she traded ; and Captain Cocksure was always offered the most advantageous freights, and, of course, earned enormous sums of money. For six years Celerity and her master continually stuck to this southern coasting trade, and six remittances did he send to the owner, each amounting to nearly the full value of the ship. The owner, an old stiff-necked Hullite, of Scottish extraction, rubbed his hands with satisfaction, and boasted that the skipper of Celerity was a very jewel of a captain, who evidently had the luskof Old Nick — especially as no expenses for repairs were deducted from the amounts earned by the fortunate craft. But during the seventh year, the owner received an unusually long letter, in which the trusted skipper related that the freights had declined considerably ; that a thorough reparation was unavoidable, as both hull and rigging were worn, and so much out of order, that it was impossible to return to Europe ; a fact proved by a heavily sealed document, subscribed by some West Indian naval engineers ; and finally, that to effect repairs in the West Indies, according to another very long document, also signed by professional men, would cost an amount equal to, if not greater than, the original cost of the ship. In a neat little post-seription, was added, that he (Jonah) did not feel justified in giving advice, but his private opinion was, that it would be best to sell the ship, even at a price below the original cost, as the expenses for repairs, &c.;, would actually be greater than the cost of a new vessel. Besides, Mr. A. had already recouped the cost of Celerity many times over, and the plan suggested would be cheaper than the other alternatives. He awaited Mr. A.'s orders, and requested permission, in case of a sale, to arrange this matter for his employer, when he well knew the place and people, would do his utmost to give satisfaction. It might also be advisable, Jonah added, to send powers- of- attorney, giving different prices to be employed, according to circumstances. The lowest price ought to be not less than (here a very low figure was inserted); cautious persons had mentioned this amount, but he did not believe that the power-of-attorney authorizing the sale at this ridiculous figure would have to be used. Personally he ventured to forward a respectful request, that unless great obstacles prevented, he would be permitted to return to England, as his health was far from vigorous, owing to the long residence in an unhealthy climate, &c.;, &c.; This long letter, as it was unaccompanied by any money, was indeed not very welcome. But after having given it " due consideration," the old Scot decided that Captain Cocksure's opinion was the right one, as it would be rank folly — and no Scot was known to be a fool in money matters — to expend in repairs of an old ship more than would build and rig a new one, and at the same time pay the wages of the crew, &c.; He, therefore, authorized his " trusty captain " to sell Celerity for the highest figure obtainable, and in order to make everything legal, he forwarded powers-of- attorney, amongst which (after very careful considera tion) was one stating the lowest price mentioned by Cocksure. The reply from the latter came quickly, containing exactly the minimum sum, less the amounts of sundry accounts ; so that the balance was so small that it was a mere next to nothing. The old Scot, on receipt of this letter, fairly lost his short temper. He went blue in the face, then red, and blue again ; he cursed and swore at the once beloved captain ; but reader, you will see he had greater reasons to curse him, yet ; greater, by far ; by far 1 The matter was as follows : — From the very first moment when our Jonah noticed how capitally Celerity behaved at sea, he was taken with a great inward longing to become the owner of such a splendid craft. He had never desired anything, never liked anything as he did this swift vessel, and his cunning head was therefore continually scheming and planning how he should be able to obtain her. At last he wrought the clever chain, which, link for link, he was able to attach securely to his well-beloved ship. He had already accumulated a respectable sum of money, owing to his thrifty habits (perhaps it would be more correct to say miserly such), and by means of small private undertakings, in the way of carrying and landing goods (for which tho owner received neither accounts nor cash) on which high duties were charged — but never paid I A considerable portion of this private money he employed to keep the ship in such excellent order, that when he thought the time had come to strike the decisive blow, the Celerity was one of the soundest and best equipped vessels afloat on trans-atlantic waters. The cleverly worded documents sent by him were nothing but artfully drawn out frauds, i These he felt pretty sure would have the desired effect : on the not over-scbolarly owner, and would, with their imposing seals, be looked upon as equally authentic as an Act of Parliament ; a calculation that turned out quite correct. Being a clever and cautious man, he employed an agent to purchase the ship for him, as it might look suspicious if he acted as both seller and buyer : and within an hour of receiving the powers-of- attorney, the stately Celerity was his own " honestly obtained " pro perty, and within a couple of weeks he set sail with a splendid cargo of hides for Hamburg. With his customary caution, he had also re-named his pretty craft, and it was now the Fortune, who carried our Jonah Cocksure 1 Verily may we translate the Latin phrase, Fortes fortuna adjuvat , with Fortune favours the impudent 1 But a captain who commanded a ship belonging to the late owner of the Celerity, happened to be with his ship in Hamburg, when the Fortune, after a remark ably quick passage, was seen running up to the old House-town under full sails. He knew both ship and her skipper, and forthwith wrote to the cheated owner, who, never in his life, had been more astonished. The old man was within an ace of being struck by apoplexy, but he got breath at last ; and, hurriedly packing up a few things he set off for Hamburg, accom panied by old " Archie," an ancient retainer, who was treated more like a personal friend, than a servant, and who, in his younger days, had been a coast-guard. One day Captain Jonah Cocksure beheld two strange- looking old men crawling up the rope-ladder of his his Fortune, and as they reached the side, he recog nized in one the unwelcome person of his old employer, the other being Archie. Jonah was not one to believe in ghosts, or he would have taken the apparitions as such, so astonished was he at this revelation. But certainly they were beings of flesh and blood, for no sooner did his late employer reach the deck, than he rushed at the captain, and with his Malacca cane, struck him across the face, whilst his loud voice roared, " Give me back my ship that you've stolen, you lying rascally robber, and this very minute, too, or I'll put you somewhere ; and neither sun nor moon will shine on you, you scoundrel." Captain Cocksure, somewhat confused by the sum mary treatment, soon, however, recovered his wonted self-possession and courage. Catching hold of his assailant, and giving him a trip up, he soon had him sprawling on deck, and a similar manoeuvre placed Archie alongside him. He now called some of the crew, none of which were English, and who had with astonishment beheld what was passing, without, however, understanding any part of the old man's forcible appeal. " Secure these madmen, take them ashore, and hand them over to the water police 1" were his brief orders, as he entered his cabin, where he calmly applied cold water and tincture of arnica to his disfigured face. The poor old Scotchmen threatened, swore, and struggled, but were, nevertheless, taken ashore by the amused sailors. On the following day, the robbed owner, who, with some difficulty had been liberated, said to his com panion, " Look here, Archie, you hurry out and get a grindstone !" After a while, Archie appeared with the article. " Go on, turn round 1" commanded his master, who had fetched out an old sword belonging to Archie since his coast-guard days, and which had carefully been packed in the bottom of the huge portmanteau. Archie turned the grindstone, and his master sharp ened the long steel blade. " Yes, by heavens, I'll see his heart's blood, that I will !" mumbled the old man, as he felt the edge with his thumb. " Beg pardon, Sir," interrupted Archie, " whose blood ?" " Whose ? do you say ; why that robbing thief, Cocksure's, of course." "Your worship" (Archie always gave his master, who was a J. P., this grand title when he wished to gain his point). " Your worship will surely not try that 11 on. " And why should I not, you old ass ?" roared the impassioned Scot. " Why, your worship, out of his heart will come no blood. His body can hold nothing better than black mire," said old Archie, with a scornful smile on his honest face. "By Jove, Archie, and I believe you are right," and wiping the sword, the master replaced it in its rusty scabbard, and once more it was hidden in the port manteau. It is not known whether the cheated owner made any further attempts — less violent, but more legal ones — to regain what he considered his property ; certain it is, however, that Captain Jonah Cocksure retained his prey. 