LOCAL AND (xKNISKAL. In con8equenco of Mr S. Sternberg having Hied bis petition in bankruptcy, tliero iso v«cunoy on the Mersey Marine Bounlv The half-yearly meeting of tho Shfili-iM Ilortictilturri Society was iiei-i at Mr T. J. Clerko'v, Sheflleld, ou Thursday, when tho tmlunco slicot was read, showing £20 at fixed deposit in thoBwik of AuatraluBin) £7 12s cash in h%ud, aod timber to thu value of £8. General arrangomonts in connection with tho election ot committee Ac, wore mado, and it wus resolved to meet aguia in Junnafy.— Mr T. J. Clerk tendered his rosigr.ntion iib Bccrctiry, which he said wua given with regret, and was certainly received with deep regret, ns he has alwaya been (ho chief factor in the auccess of the institution.— Mr O. Hidioy was elected secretary pro tern, and it was hopod that Mr Olork would bo ublo to see his way clear to again take up the dntice. —It was reaolved to iucreiaa the prize money for potted butter this year to £3 3 1, and a large entry ig expected. The protest against Biofiold Bros for the prize for choeaa won at tho last eli.Q'v was up hold, as thoy had not made tho ohoesp, as required by tho. rules. Poveral special prizes were promised for the next show. A number of farmers and others recently met at Ulverstono for tho paiposo of in itiating stops for forming a butter factory and dairying company! In the Loven dis trict, and with that object in view) a public meeting is called for Moodny evening, in the Ulverstono Town Hal), when it is hopod that there will bo a large attendance, to. put (he company on a successful foot- ing. Tho mining manager of the Hcazlo- waod Bilvot-had Mining Co. reports, under d&to; fieptoinber 30 During tho past fortnight No. 2 adit' lias been extonded 21ft. Logs have been firmly placed to liung a water wheel on to drive a fun for ventilating tho adit. Tho fun, with! 300ft of pipes, is on tho ground. A raco, three nod u-half chains long, has been cut to convey watcf from tho adjacent creek to drive (Jje .ydieoi. Mr R. 0. Ulhhain .\vHI read a paper on "Ghosts, and allied phenomena,-" jut tho weekly-meeting of the Dovonport Literary Association, to be bold 00 TAto&da;/ PVoning. 'J ho mining imnugor nf ih'u Kunlish Proprittiry Silvormiuing. Co., Mount Claude, reports, under dale, October 3 lluvo cloan'rd up tniifiul, repaired rond, uml drivon 2ft Gin; total length', ' ,tiS2ft Gin. Ground a'ato, with immoroiia veins, nf rnrlmnoto or limo. A qunnt'ly nf wulor roming from fuco. . .Ground rathor eiisior ; iil-lioiitioiiH fuvornlilo. . v« - Air Crowtfior expreHiio-l. his intention, ol the' »iti ing of llr'-UlviTslono Oolirt-.nCJ.te-. qiii'Rls on:Adndiiy,.oruiaki«igbyutiln Im-j pinvun-nlfiin- lhocondiict oftho rogislmrV rflico upon (ho nppniu(mbit -of (ho new reght-or,: especially in ,lho direction - af- giving notion to Ruitors when- any mnnoys wore ' paid.. ItUnVtfio roiistrnr'a'.JiandH ;on lliolr nccotintV : /IHiulOoiirty tylticji .was.tlio/ usual fortnightly one for dealing with judgment Riitninonsvs, was nrljuiirncd-. tp N'o.vcmbor 1,'. in ! cohscquenco af jho dplay.' in tho'nppnintmonl nf a now rcgistron., At tho Court, of Ucquosls,. RistrDivon- port, yestbrdiiy, before tho 'Cdminiaflionor. P 0. Maxwell; Esq. ia'CulIanup/y; McOroun,- thoro whs no nppourunco nf Mho judgment 'debtor, ami tho cnao was fii'rliibr n'djourned; for a fortnight;: In 8. Kolcy v. S.Griflhhs : judgment summonB, thoro- was no appear unco -of either party, an'd.'Jho 1 ca«?o ;\yns, >trtick, out «. In JV.itkinsonr HroV Cisii ly,wMr Mnorei who npponrod Tor tho jiidginont- oreditnr,' nppliodiJo. havo tho enso jndj.iiirnod for a fortnight which wiis; granted. In (ho Dun Trading- Co. v. Bac- fiuld,- Air Alouro, who appeared for ..(he judgemout dohtor, eliried (hut; .his client was loo unwell io »lti'nd,uud nquostod un adjournment, which w.ib granted. , At (ho Lulnho l'ollco Court on TuoMlay, before P. 0. Mnxwoll, B-q. P.M., and M. D. IIeftlloyt;Ksq, J.P., Edward Oaroy pro ceeded against Dennis. Martin, for. assault, Mr G D. Inglis appawrod farJho pluiuliflr and Mr John Steur for tho defendant, who ptoaded not -guilty. It euems 'froin tho ovldonco of the phintilf and ..somo wil- nosHes that on S'jptemUer 25 .tho defen dant went to the plaintiff and requested him to fight in ordor to soltlo and old griovanco, and on tho latter refusing defunilant struck liini and .knocked lum down. Tho Douoh infliotod a lino of 5s, and ordered oaoh party Ho pay their own costs, /Ij-ifit week (wri-os our. Forth corres pondent) an old identity in tho porson of Mr Jauio.s Grocnslado paaseil away, njtor a short nines', ol tho rcsi-lcnco of his son in iaw, ;Mr John Avory, Kindred rnad.. Uis, funoral took placoon Sunday, his remuias 1\. I... nl.n.it inn In lh» iiuniK himviww". -V ---r -- WoKloyan Cemotory,:- Tho Ilov John Stulford road, tho hurhd sorvlco at tho gravo.— On Monday afternoon tho quarterly meeting of (ho Wcsleynn Church was he'd in tho Forth Ohurchi. /Tito . financial post- 'lion is a liltlo buMor than .thut of last quarter; "naly about1' .'£8/ ,17s Tboing tho deficit on tho quartor ; hut tho circuit-lias an- overdraft- to pay off of about £30 tiesidep. It was rcsidvod, to help to do this, to hold n dinner and tvu'nt'UIvcrstono on Show day.' A cordial Invitation was iinothur vcar os tho minister, of the circuit. —Tho Rev M. Wihon, of Green Ponds, preached nt All Saints' Church on Sunday. He is tomporarily supply to iho parish for onu month, till a successor is nppointod to tho Rev 11. Davis, - A fuir mi lienco assembled at the Giblin Hall on Tuesday evcriing, whon an enter tuiniuont was given to rnUo funds to wipe- off somo oulRlunding accounts owing Uy tin Alerany- Uorticuliura! Snciot'. Tito cnt-.'rtainmcnt took tho form of n series of lantern views, interspersed with some vocal and insrrumental selections, and was conducted by Mr II. W. Cannon. fUnfoi" Innately, prior to tho di play of thu first view, -ono of tho ligh ing tubeR hrcko, and ufter soma delay, oil light had to bo substituted for the more powo-ful illuminnnt generally ttsod. During tho delay, , Mrs an ! Miss Oowlo played a sparkling ovrriuro. Mr L. Cimp- bell rocitcil. " Prince," in which h4 told a talo of some hVrdio actions in the Amoricau war.- '.A song was rendered by Mr Cannon. The series of vioxvs wore then commenced. Ai start was 'made1 with till scenery and Hons" of Warwickshire, nnd thou on to Loudon. Soma, good views of tho WeBt- min-'ter Abbey, from the ex'erior,- were shown, and. afterwards passing on to the pulditt buiblings. Tho iiijimcn'o c)ock> "Big Ben," , was proinia?i)tly i-hown, and Mr W. Iugledcw, who was in good voice, rendered "Big Ben." Mist Weston «.ing "Apart." Some good siidos, depicting a mo(hers life, were shown, and Mr Cannon gavo an appropriate recitation, Mr W. J. Westrop gavo u reading from " King John," Scene 1, but the pieco was not so ap preciated as it would liavo been if .the rcudor had made liitnBoIf beltor acquainted with the Moos. During some views of the York Cathedral, Mr Ingledew 8aog"Ora pro nobis," iho solo and chorus boing well give. Tasmanian scenery was then touched upon, Cora Linn, Cataract Gorge, Lfuinceston, and tho p.s. Pateena, !o the Tumar, wore well appreciated. Mr Cannon sang " The sing that reached my heart." Sotno good views of Ai.nerica and tho Niagara Falls wore tlion given, and Mr Campbell fuirty brought down (he bouse by & humor us recital. The programme conoluded with a sirios of dissolving views, "Rock of ages," duriog which the wcil-koown hymn of that name was sung. The connective readings were given by My Cannon, who had always a few anoodoles to reiuts, u nil MissNorris officiated m 'ac companist. At a uieoting of iho Waterworks Com- uiiltoo held on Tuesday ovouing, Mr A, 0. Hall's len-'cr of £G0 foi a survey of lund required io ounnection with the pipo track wus ucet'pted. Tho question ot concrete was deferred until Mr Hodgson's urrival. . Things are very quiut (writoi our Pen guin correspondent). The ouly occupation seems to be bulls and partius, &o.; Tbe footballers had a successful social in tho Uife Hqll on Tu.sday night, and thoro is some talje of a aiiuiUr ontoituinmont under tho auspioes of thu ritiaiuou. A cotimittiiu jueoting of thu Ni»rth- Wcstcin ' Agiivuitural Aasirintion was held nt tho Litrohu Lloliul on ' Monday itrt'ornoon. Tlnreucrotnry' to thu Council of AuricnUurii wrelo, notifying thut the iruvt-lling iluir-y would ha at Lalrobo, roidy to i-oiDiuouco. work, on Oolobor 22. .A. UjiitlcHtion wns aho rm-ivod tint tho noxt iiivotihg of tho cnimcil would ho hold at -Latrohe, uml asking for 11 mom Io bo pro- vi luil.' It. 'was 'dt-uilod to n-p'y that » rooin' was avallablo.— Mr Fuller, un behalf ;of Mr W. Uonry, -(itTurml a r-ilvor cop, vahiod at £5 5s, for tho clnmpion sheop dog-ut a tliil to bo held tliu day following 'the :ehow.— Mr -Fuller offered £1 Is, and tin-society supphiinvnio.l this with £1 Is; to. -proyido.il, jbraeojut jis. a djdtrict prir.e> and" i-wjls 'decided to'vhnrgo. an entry ot" 10a," Ihis to bo divided rqimlly brtwoon first and 'socond dogs. Rogidatinna in connection whir tho trial wore adopted as follow : — Obodienco. 30 points ; ynnlingt &P; 40 : aolivitv ami Isoonnuss, 15 i gonoral r>tylo 15. . lotai, lOO.—Tho secretary of (ho AxctneiiV A-soci-ition wrote, olToring to pny-£2 2j for tho right of charging for admission. to tho uxomon's stand on day of show. : .Thu offer was rofuaod, and it was duoidod to grant llio conuussion on pay iiu'iVt 'tofv half 'tho" procoods.— NuuierouB oliior matters word .dealt - with, and tho meeting .ndjournod. . J. Rose, of Birrington, has elull-ngcd Io run liis horau Dooming agtinU John Foboy's Tasmar.inn' Lad for £20 n-sido, utiiier : o«r Sliollield.ipr. :Shorivbod, bourse,' Tho raco h to ho 2 miles,, over 8 fliglila of huidlrs 3ft Gin high, nn-l the weight is to be not less than 10.it. Tho meeting 11 connection with Iho Moraiiy Regatta is to bo bold at the Formhy I-Iotol (nut the Formby Hall, as advoitis-.'d in our last issuo), lliis t-voninp, i\L 8 o'clock, " ' ' _ 