PEPPERTON'S GHOST. [By S. L., in the Danbury News.] "Believe in ghosts ? I hope I am not such a fool as that?" said Mr. Pepperton, scornfully, and he looked with an air of supreme contempt at his questioner. When I can put my hand upon a sensible sort of fellow who has seen one in broad daylight, when he was wide awake and quite sober, then I'll give the matter my attention, but until then I shall keep to my opinion that there were never such things, and it is only asses who believe in anything of the sort." "Thank you, Mr. Pepperton," returned the young farmer, laughing. "But seeing is believing, and if I didn't see my mother three days after she was buried, my name isn't Timothy Lane." "Pshaw !" exclaimed Mr. Pepperton! "when people are nervous and out of sorts they can fancy anything." "Only it's odd I never fancied any- thing of the sort before or since, Mr. Pepperton." "No, it isn't odd," replied the other dogmatically, "Those things depend upon a person's state of mind, and you were naturally excited and upset at such a time. You had been thinking of Mrs. Lane all day, and therefore it was not surprising that you saw her at night-" "It wasn't at night at all; it was in the afternoon. I was going down the path in front of our house when I saw her standing at the gate, just as plain as I see you now. As I drew near she gave me one earnest look, and then faded out, and though she has never come since visibly, I often think she is nearer me than I know. Mr. Pepperton started, and glanced round the bar-parlor of the George with an uneasy air. "I don't believe anything of the sort," he said, sharply; "its all hum- bug ! Besides, it stands to reason it wouldn't always be convenient for dead people to come back to their old haunts. The first Mrs. Pepperton, for instance wouldn't just care to see someone else in her place, and, of course, if she came back she would have to-----" "Unless she gave you notice of her visits beforehand, and you hid the second Mrs. Pepperton in the cup- board," observed the landlord laugh- ing. Mr. Pepperton laughed too, but not exactly as if he enjoyed the joke. It was all very well just now, but he had a feel- ing that it wouldn't be so pleasant to look back upon an hour later, when he had to make his way home through the churchyard by himself. And then if there were ghosts, by any chance, they might be very much inclined to take revenge on him for his scepticism, and convince him against his will, so that altogether he thought he would rather not join in any unseemly jest. But as it would not have done to appear to retract after having so loudly asserted his disbelief, Mr. Pepperton effected a compromise by remarking---- "There's a great many mysterious things in this world we are not expected to enquire into, and what you don't understand it is best not to talk about, it seems to me. I'll have one more glass of grog, Hobday, if you please, and then I'll take myself off. I promised Mrs. Pepperton I'd be home in good time to-night, as she isn't well." Mr. Pepperton's boon companions exchanged glances; it was such a sur- prising thing for him to show any con- sideration of this sort towards Mrs. Pepperton, they could hardly believe their ears. However, nobody ventured to joke him on the subject, and as it was not understood that he disliked talking of ghosts, and the question had a peculiar fascination for some of those present, each one had a tale to tell of something that had happened to his grandmother or auut, or his wife's cousin, until if you only be- lieved half that you heard there seemed overwhelming evidence in favor of Timothy Lane's theory, and Mr. Pepperton was in a shuddering minority. And yet for the life of him he could not help listening. If he might only have expressed a doubt it would have been a great relief to him, but, of course, this would have been a gross insult to his narrators as discrediting their relations' veracity, and conse- quently Mr. Pepperton had to deny himself this comfort. "Come, come," he said nervously, at last, "this is too bad! A man comes out to be cheerful, you know; besides, you fellows live in the village, and won't have time to get up any fancies going home. "But as you don't believe in ghosts it doesn't matter," said Timothy Lane ; "I do though, and I am glad I haven't got your walk to-night, for the church- yard is an uncommon lonely place to walk through after dark." "There's no more the matter with that than with other places," he answered, with confidence he did not feel; "it's just the idea. But I'm thankful to say I am not superstitious like you, Timothy." He drank off his last drop of grog and rose to his feet, adding, just to assure himself----- "Besides, I've been through it often enough," with a significant look at one of his companions, as if to draw attention to Mr. Pepperson's discom- posure ; "why should there be ?" ' 'That's just what I say -- why should there be ? Still, I can't say but what it is more cheerfuller to have a com- panion these dark nights." "Of course it's more cheerfuller to have a companion," returned Timothy, "not only dark nights, but at all times. I am sociable myself, and quite under- stand what you mean. It's a pity you don't live in the village, Mr. Pepper- ton, and then you'd have plenty of company." "So I should, I dare say, and very little money," answered Mr. Pepper- ton, laughing, as he tugged on his greatcoat and set his face determinedly towards the door. "You don't mean we should rob you going home, do you?" inquired Timothy, who seemed vastly amused about something. "Well, not exactly; but you'd take up my time, I expect, that time's money. Whew! what a dark night!" he added, as he opened the door, and looked down the village street. "I don't believe I shall be able to see my way." "Your eyes will get accustomed to it after you have been out a few minutes," observed the landlord, encouragingly. "Good night, Mr. Pepperton, good night, and a pleasant walk." This sounded like sarcasm to the old farmer, as he went shivering along the path, keeping his eye fearfully on the tall shadow of the old church. Hither- to he had never had any feeling of this sort, for after, three editions of grog a man is generally very valiant, but to- night, somehow, the stimulant had not taken its usual effect, and he felt ner- vous and unstrung. "However, since it had to be done, it were better done quickly," he said to himself, and quick- ened his pace. The wind whistled eerily in the tree- tops, and there was not so much as a light in the rectory windows to give a feeling of company. But he could see his way perfectly now, and he could also see the grave- stones gleaming palely against the sombre background of sky and yew. He made a few timid steps forward, and then stopped short, shuddering. It had suddenly occurred to him that this was the anniversary of the first Mrs. Pepperton's death, and he should have presently to pass her grave. If she were disposed to "walk," as it was called in the village, what an opportunity! Now, he had had a great regard for the first Mrs. Pepperton, and, from some points of view, he thought her superior to the second, but under the circumstances he had no wish to see her again, and devoutedly hoped that if it had occurred to her to "walk," to think better of it. At this moment the clock struck eleven, driving the blood to his heart, and making him shudder in his shoes. And then he remembered again that this was the very hour the first Mrs. Pepperton had left this sorrowful world for a better, and his legs began to knock together with fright. "Come, Josiah Pepperton," he said to himself at last, in a disparaging tone, "I never saw a man make such an ass of himself as you are doing at this pre- sent moment. Where are your prin- ciples, I should like to know, and what motive could the first Mrs. Pepperton have for molesting you, considering that you treated her well when she was alive, and buried her comfortable after her death ? Get along home with you you miserable coward, and don't let me hear anything of this sort again in a hurry, or---- or---" He was searching for a threat that would impose on himself when he turned round the church, and came full in sight of his first wife's grave. He had decided in his own mind that he would pass on, and not look that way, but some magnetic attraction drew his glance in that quarter, and there crouching down close to the headstone, was a snow-white figure, with awful eyes that worked upon him with stony intentness, and seemed to defy him to advance. Mr. Pepperton stood like one stunned for a minute, and then he went down on his knees, and murmured hoarsely through his chattering teeth "My dear Maria, I am sure you mean this kindly, you were always such a good- hearted woman when you alive. But I can't bear it-- I can't indeed. I am very grieved if I have hurt your feelings by giving you a successor-- but on my honor as a man, I never cared for poor Mary Anne as I cared for you; and you know I planted some flowers on your grave my own self last summer, which shows that you are always in my thoughts. But my poor nerves can't stand this sort of thing, and if you are going to take to walk- ing, the sooner I lay beside you the better-- for there will be nothing to live for." A hollow groan answered lhim, and poor Pepperton weut on frantically--- "Pray, don't take my representations in this spirit-- I mean, don't take this tone about them," he substituted quickly, feeling that any reference to spirits in such company might be con- sidered personal and rude. "I don't mean any harm, and, of course, I should be delighted to see you again in any way if it wern't for my nerves being so upset. Is there anything I could do to make you rest more quiet ? Don't hesitate to speak. Even if it took all my savings to make you lie comfort- able, I wouldn't hesitate, Maria-- I wouldn't, indeed. Another groan, a little fainter, but still more harrowing, was the only response, and poor Pepperton felt as if his brain were giving way. Seen from that distance, the ghost was terrible enough and quite as much as his reason could stand, but when she began to raise herself slowly from the ground still keeping her pale, dim eyes fixed upon him, and showed a disposition to advance, the horror of the situation generally, and the fear lest she should take him into her cold embrace and claim him for her own, overcame him utterly, and he fell on his face in a dead swoon. When he returned to consciousness, Timothy Lane and another young man were leaning over him, and poor Pep- perton said, with a gasp, as he pulled himself together--- "I've had a terrible experience--- a terrible experience, Timothy; the first Mrs. Pepperton-- eh?---hulloa ?" and he showed a disposition to collapse again, as he pointed towards the grave, only that they held him fast, and burst out laughing in a most reassuring man- ner. "That is what you took for a ghost, is it ?" said Timothy, when he could command his voice. "Why, it is Bar- naby's white cow ; it is always getting through the hedge and straying into the churchyard." Pepperton sat upright, and now that he had companions, and found courage to examine the thing more carefully, it certainly lost a good deal of its ghostly appearance. But as he did not seem entirely con- vinced, and Timothy saw that his little joke-- he had been the author of hollow groans, hidden behind a tomb- stone-- had gone far enough, he said to his youngest companion, who happened to be Barnaby's son, and therefore, in a sense, the owner of the cow--- "Go and stir the brute up, Tom ; she's no business here." To see Barnaby go willingly, approach the apparition and give it a kick in the ribs, dispersed the last remnant of Pepperton's fear, and he said, in a nervously apologetic way, as he stumbled on to his feet--- "You'd do me a kindness, Timothy, and so would Barnaby, if you wouldn't talk of this little affair to the other fellows. I should be jeered and joked out of my life, and it isn't pleasant to be made a butt of when you come to my age. The fact is, I was a little out of sorts and my nerves weren't so strong as usual; and then, being the anniversary of the first Mrs. Pepper- ton's death, and your story put together, finished me off--- although, as you know, I have been through this very churchyard night after, and never had any fancies of the sort before." "We won't mention the matter, old fellow," answered Timothy, whose con- science pricked him up a little when he saw how white and shaken the old farmer looked. "It's lucky, we hap- pened to be here, though, for if you hadn't anybody with you when you came to yourself, you would have dashed off home, maybe, without knowing that was Barnaby's cow yonder, and then you would have be- lieved you had seen the first Mrs. Pepperton for the rest of your life." Timothy had to turn away here, he was seized with such a terrible inclina- tion to laugh, but as he didn't want to look unfeeling, and poor Pepper- ton had really suffered, so he suppressed the impulse, and offered, with proper gravity, to see the old farmer home-- an offer which was thankfully accepted. But, somehow, Pepperton never quite got over his adventure in Durby churchyard, and is often heard to say that he thinks a man is best off at his own fireside, after all, on winter nights, and Mrs. Pepperton finds it rather lonely when he is out. Nobody knows what brought him into this becoming frame of mind excepting Timothy Lane and his friend. They have kept their promise faith- fully, but when Timothy sees the white cow he gives Barnaby a sly poke in the ribs and says : "The first Mrs. Pepperton, eh,Tom?" And they have a good laugh all to themselves, as young men will. 