CHAPTER VI. HUGII OLDENHAM THINKS HE SEES A VISION. A large vessel was being tossed upon the sea in the midst of a terrible storm. Every now and then a great wave would completely submerge her decks, while others lashed her sides with an awful force that threatened the speedy destruction of the ship and its inmates. The wind shrieked and howled in the rigging and the masts creaked alarmingly as each fresh blast struck them. The captain and first mate were on the bridge, but the second mate had gone to his cabin for a well-earned rest. He was greatly fatigued, and, throwing himself upon his berth without undressing, slept immediately. Strange, then, that he did not sleep more than half an hour before awaking suddenly. Strange that he should raise himself on his elbow, and look questioningly around. The cabin, which had been quite dark, was now faintly illuminated, but from whence the light issued he could not tell. Did he dream, or did a tall figure in a long clinging robe of some light colour noiselessly approach his side and gaze earnestly at him with a pair of large grey eyes, which brought to his remembrance another pair of great plaintive eyes, which they strangely resembled. Was it the fruit of an over- wrought imagination, or did he hear a voice say in low reproachful accents, " Where is my child ? What have you done with my little one ?" How was it that he could hear that soft voice, despite the roar of the storm which raged without ? Great beads of perspiration rose upon his brow, and though he strove to speak, his lips were mute. He could only stare dumbly at what was or what seemed to him an apparition from another sphere. Then again the low sweet, but infinitely sad voice sounded in his ears : " Where is my orphan child ?" Still he was unable to speak, and trembling from head to foot he turned sick and faint with a superstitious and guilty fear, and then a strange thing happened. Suddenly and without the slightest warning the cabin seemed transformed into a miserable garret - a garret utterly destitute of furniture save for a rude pallet and an old wooden box. But lying on the pallet with her pretty head pillowed on her arm, and her ghastly pale but familiar features in repose, was one of whom of late he had striven not to think ; one to whom he could not hope to make amends for a great and irreparable wrong. And now there she lay before him ill, perhaps dying, with that terrible pallor on her still small face. It was too awful to contemplate. He closed his eyes in horror and anguish of spirit, and lay breathing heavily, a prey to fear, remorse, and an apprehension that something dreadful was about to take place. When he reopened his eyes a few moments later the cabin was in darkness and he was alone. He sprang out of his berth, the thought of remaining alone and in darkness after what had occurred was unbearable. Quickly he gained the saloon, which, though but dimly lit, was infinitely preferable to the utter darkness of his cabin. Someone approached him, whereupon he started violently, thereby provoking comment, intermixed by some good-humoured chaff. " Why, Oldenham, old chappie, what's up ? You are not going to show the white feather, are you, old man ?" It was the third officer, a lad of nineteen years - a general favourite, and great chum of Oldenham'e. He came closer and scrutinised his companion's face as keenly as was possible in the dim light, for Oldenham had failed to reply, " Skipper says old Mother Carey'll give us a show yet, Oldie boy, so bear up, old chap." He was going on, when something in Oldenham's look prevented him. " Shark's eyes !" he exclaimed, " you look as though you'd seen a ghost, lad. What's come over you ?" " I've had a bad dream," returned Oldenham, at last finding his voice, but speaking in a queer thick tone which surprised himself " It's given you a bad turn," vouchsafed his friend. " Have a nip of brandy, old man." He went off to the steward, and presently returned with the prescribed ' nip,' which he insisted upon Oldonham swallowing, subsequently patting him on the back in his half-jesting, half-affectionate, but wholly irresistible manner. Somewhat revived by the spirit, Oldenham tried to enter into the mood of the lighthearted lad. " Say, Fry, old man, were you ever troubled with a bad conscience ?" he asked airily, with a vein of earnestness running through his voice. Fry ran his brown fingers lightly through the sandy mop, which crowned hisa young face before he replied. " Well, not much, old man, but what calls forth the kind enquiry ?" " Oh, I just asked," said Oldenham with a forced laugh, half tur ning away. Fry turned slightly also, linking his arm within that of Oldenham. " What's up, old fellow ?" he asked again in his winning way, " you seem odd, not a bit like yourself." Oldenham paused for a few moments before replying, apparently listening to the noise of the storm which still raged with unabated fury, and then he said slowly, " Suppose, mind I only say suppose, Fry, you know some one who had behaved as only a coward could, and who deserved to be kicked and thrown overboard, such a contemptible coward you must think the fellow is that he hadn't the courage to face the result of his evil doing, and so he went off and left some one else to bear all the blame." " What are you driving at, Oldie, boy ?" asked Fry uneasily. " Suppose now that it is all made clear to this man what a craven person he has been, is still, for that matter. Suppose that he learns by some means that the other person is suffering all the ill effects of his bad action, and yet he is powerless to help her." " But who is it wants advice ?" asked Fry. " Not a man !" " Yes, a man," said Oldenham slowly. " Never !" exclaimed Fry with sudden energy. " No man would behave thus, no man would bolt and leave another to bear the blame, that he deserved to bear himself. He doesn't come under the heading of man," he added with a ring of scorn in his voice which cut his companion to the quick. " Don't, old fellow," he said huskily, " it's no use trying to keep it from you, I was speaking of myself. I have been the means of causing the ruin of a fellow creature. God knows," he went on in low hoarse tones, " that I fought against the temptation, but I failed miserably ; and now I fear the worst." He ceased speaking, and stared mutely at Fry who had fallen back a pace or two aghast. " By Jove !" the latter exclaimed drawing a long breath --" You don't mean it surely ? You don't, you can't mean you did all that ?" Oldenham dumb with shame, merely bent his head. Fry became silent. In his boyish way he had almost idolised Oldenham, who he was wont to designate a ' jolly good sort,' and whom he regarded privately, with a great deal of genuine affection ; and now his idol was shattered, miserably shattered forever. The object of his admiration and regard, was but a weak and sinful man who had not even the courage to face the consequences of his evil deed, but by his own confession had fled in ignoble fashion. Perhaps something of what was passing in the poor lad's mind showed in his face for Oldenham found voice to say piteously - " Don't you desert me, old fellow ; don't you give me up, or it's good-bye for me forever." What he meant was not quite clear, but there was a ring of despair in his voice, which touched the boy's warm heart. He drew nearer Oldenham, and then moved by a sudden impulse threw his strong young arms round the latter, almost sobbing --" No, no, don't you do anything rash, I will stand by you to the end." Oldenham was moved indescribably ; he grasped his companion's hand. " God bless you, old fellow," he said, and then his voice broke and his broad chest heaved. Presently be said - "If I could only get back. But it will be two montlhs even with fair weather, and in the meantime I dare not contemplate what may take, or is taking place." " But you will do the right thing,'"said Fry, " as soon as ever you can ?" " Yes, I will do my utmost to make amends, all that I can do I will do, but heaven knows it is little enough." But now footsteps were heard approaching them, and the conversation had to come to an abrupt conclusion. To Be Continued. 