Bob -fyAijt-iii'8 - Little Gihl. A NE W ' NOVEL. . By DAVID OHBISTIE MURRAY, Anxnon of "Josophls Coat," ''Aunt Raolicl," "Rainbow Gold," &o.; Specially TOton- for Australian Papers. fall- queensland bights reserved." CHAPTER XXX. When Redwood had received the letter , in which Dom informed him of his mother's knowledge of the truth, he bad at once hastened to his employers to ask for leave of absence. The pormit -was given, all the more readily since the firm had need of his services in their London establishment. Ho was bidden, so soon as the urgent private off airs vrhioh took him away should be arranged, to enter upon an employment whioh would cost him some two months of time. He went to his work sick at heart, but resolute. Life wsb savourless, flavourless, without colour. He did his duty doggedly in spite of all, and in the meantime, an event was prepariug which set him in a position perhaps unique in the history of mankind — a position so terrible and strango, that whilst it lasted it made the sorrows he had already endured seem trivial in comparison. To tho amazement of everybody about him, Hetheridgo began to mend again. Mind and nerves were alike so blunted that tho shook of aotual discovery and denunciation came upon him with in finitely less offeot than might have boon predicted. He had swooned in Mrs. Redwood's grasp, and had lain long unconscious, but on his return to a knowledge of the things around him, his medical men discovered to thoir surprise that thore had been no second paralytic seizure. He was shaken and weakened, and it might be tbat his recovery was indefinitely retarded, but the symptoms to be most dreaded were but littlo aggra vated. Sir William Koppoll gave it as his opinion that his patient's fall upon theluirawas due to vorfcigo induced by- over exertion, and the suburban practi tioners respectfully followed in his train. Hetheridge's mind during tho weeks that followed affords a curiouB study. He remembered everything that had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expected tho opon denunciation of his crime, but how it had come about that he had been recognised after all thatlapBe of years ho did not guess. Ho had been washed and dressed day by day by his attendants, and had not seen his own imago in a glass from tho moment when that damning likeness to Mb old disguiao had begun to steal upon him. Had he been in full possession of his faculties, his instinct of caution would havo taught him better than to permit himself to return to the similitudo of tho folse Andre Bom, who had murdered Ellice Redwood's hus band. But his thoughts were all clouded and undefined. They had no distinct and definite boundary, and they melted, as it wore, ono into the other, changing con fusedly, so that whilst he peered dimly at one idea he would find himself suddenly confronted with another which iu no way resembled it, and perplexed him with the strangeness oi it" mmoot. In a sense, this mental condition was favourable to recovery, for it robbed all liis sensations of their poignanoy and gave his shattered nerves repose. Nothing seemed to matter very much to him. Tho worst had hap pened already. The ucseon imago which had so long haunted him had at last declared itself, and in that instant ho had tasted tho pains of hell. All tho punish ment his undetected crimo had brought him, the slow years of unropontant dread, tho remorseless accusation of tho ghost that tracked him, had seemed as if gathered into ono appalling and over whelming nvolnnoho of agony. There are things for tho exprcBBion of which the human vocabulary is inadequate, and tho extremest words after all express no more than averages. The stupendous forco of tho blow which struok him, the earth quake rending of tho soul with fear in that swift point of timo iu whioh it fell, the hideous and instantaneous rout of every vital forco within him — all these things are properly indescribable. Tboy aro outside tho realm and sway of words, and oven the imagination conceives them feebly. He learned by-and-by, in a dim, un interested way, that he was rained. That mattered as little ns anything and everything else to him. Tho visits of Sir "William Keppcll ceased without explanation on the side of that ex pensive physician, or curiosity on Hetheridge's. "When, after a space of five weeks, tho walks about the lawn were resumed, he found that two of his servants hud discharged themselves and had taken flight in search of an unbroken master. Jessamer came to see him and had an interview iu whioh lio set forth the irremediable character of the crash. Hothoridgo heard and understood, and .accepted the understanding with_ an in difference whioh looked astounding to anyone who had not tho key to his mind. All his hooks nnd papers wero iu the hands of a firm of accoun tants, and 'his creditors were await ing their roport and tho rick man's recovery. The failure had carried wide spread ruin with it, and a dozen firms had gono down like so many houses of curds. JesBaiuor was full of it all, and it possossed him with a bciiso of importance and personal merit which he had never felt before. There had been no such panio in tiie finnuoinl world of London for tho past fivo years, and Jessamor enjoyed all the dignity pertuiniug to it, and experienced none of tho attendant pains and penalties. Ho revelled in a Bortofawe-Btruckoxultution, and savoured liis own importance with a relishing nostril. His employer's indiffcrenco had, to JcBsamcr's mind, something almost impious iu it. Ho seemed caroless of his own dignity. To be tho supromest bankrupt, of that decade and to nave no pride in it! . One or two local tradesmen had hurried freely in with petty claims wMch were not even fleabitcs when compared with what remained of tho gigantic figure they assailed. They sued in the County Court, and conjoined together to put. a man in possession, but Jossamer dismissed liirn with his claim, and with a scorn so lordly that tlio man shrank away abashed. Jessamer visited these presumptuous tradosfolk and rebuked them to his own great enjoyment. Did these yokel in telligences presume to imagine, ho de manded, that a man, a man who had failed for two millions sterling, was to be harriod by their like. lie had nover caredfor Hetheridgo the man, hut ho had esteemed Hetheridge the financier always. Now, in tho grandeur of his fall ho would, had his employer shown a proper spirit, have revered him like an emperor. As Hetheridge's bodily strength re turned his mind cleared, and his troubles and terrors became more real to him. . It was as if with every ounce of strength he gained an extra ounce of weight wore posed upon his shoulders. For three months he had been free of hie phantom, but now it began to visit him again and to take its old place at its shoulder. Ho thought with an inconceivable dread of the possibility of its reappearing before him, and ho would havo flown to tho uttermost ends of tho earth rather than face again the acousation of its gaze. He clung to life with a desporate tenacity. What ever day of life ho could secure meant a respite from an imaginary something which must necessarily be worse than what he had endured already — that ugly physical hell whioh is tho bugbear of ignorant and ignoble bouIs. He had put its contemplation to tho door thou sands of times, but it came baok now with a constant insistence and reiteration. It had always returnod after expulsion, but he had been used to contemplate it from far away. Perhaps he had been able to think it had been no more than abugbear after all — a dovico of tho nurse to Bcaro naughty children to propriety. In any case it had been distant. lie bad felt young and full of health and vigour, but now ho dared doubt no longer, and the awful thing was near. He was an old and broken man, aged years before his time, poor and friendless, with no hand to guard him from the rubs of tho world, or to help a wretched and despairing soul to cling to an enfeebled body. Ho wondered why he was not de nounced to juatice, and as tho days rolled by, leaving him still at freedom, his terror mounted to hysteria. So soon as he could possibly gather strength enough to move about tho world alone, he re solved on flight. He had an abjeot terror of the house he lived in, and had never onco dared to re- enter the chamber in whioh his phantom had suddenly re solved itself into seeming flesh and blood. to be continued to-moerow. j 