A Woman of Forty, A Xonograph. Bt Esme Stuabt. Author of ' Joan Vellacot,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' A Fair Damzell,' &c;, &c;, &c.; CHAPTEE XIV. Bebiud the scenes, when the curtain was lowered for a few seconds, Magdalen Cuthbert and Bnce Leslie remair.ed standing, not in the attitude re quired in the play but as if they had just .finished a conversation. Bricewas conscious that Miss Cuth bert had acted extremely well, Magdalen was quickly reviewing her own efforts, and she was satisfied with herself ; sbe knew too that her ideal was high, and not easUy attained. She it was who first broke the sileuce. . ^ ? . . _ ' We have not disappointed Lady Mary. Brice was sorry to return to the commonplace, but he was helped thereto by the appearance of the rest of the company, and thegeneral conversation. These were some of the remarks. ' First rate ! ' ' Capital ! ' ' Mss Cuthbert, you were perfect.' ' Not a bad play, but the end.' ' I say,' said Captain Standringr, who had acted Sir Anthony, ' I'm blessed if I know which girl he did marry.'*' ' You know nothing of modern art, Cap tain Standriug. We deal only with uncertainties. Those Happy-ever- after pieces are out of dale.' Miss Linden— Meta—cnme smiling on the stage ; she had learnt every movement of her part, and had felt none of it, as Lady Mary had said she was a curious but not uncommon example of the receptive and dramatic faculty withcutany scul-inotive power. She was a perfect mirror, but there was only thick wood behind the reflection. Magdalen did not care to show that she had felt her part only too deeply. 'I am going to dress,' she said to Brice, .' will you take me to the house by the unilluiriiiated shrubbery ?' Brice was of course ready. 'Why do you take tie trouble ?\ te said as he_ walked slowly by her side ; the quietBn'd 6i{ence;;o.f : the small path they were in was delicious after Me excitement of the play, made more eo even' by the . sound of the distant hubbub. » . 'I want the play to remain in the region of the ideal,' she said. ' If one could command some moments to remain with one always.' » If ? ' Magdalen laughed a little,' but Brice caught a sweeter tone than usual in her tone. ' Which moment would you recall ?' lt The time just passed— on the stage.' . , 'You would act all the rest of your We! A tragedy, too !' Magdalen was drawing him on,' but she -loved him for being drawn on. However, though she wanted to hear his remarks,£she was not. sure she wished to answer them. She was so sure of her power that she liked to play with it a little while. . - / ' .'; ' Yet, life itself is often only a tragedy,' added Brice Blowly. The terrible weight, of his position was beginning to press upon him ; be had -a curious feeling that he was not himself, .but jPercy Chester. ^ Have we changed places?' said Magdalen ' stopping, having now reached the private garden door of the house, left open'for the inmates of Rose hill. ' You know my secret;, we are friende — you said so. Well, to-nig*ht.! it' seems to me as if the other 6tory was a play. I want to wake again ; I want to live a little while; I Want to- — ' she paused — the words rose to her lips, but stopped in her throat—' to love '— buit though unspoken they were understood by Brice'; aloud she changed them into 'to forget.' :-..*.- ..'.''' :. He made a defence, however. ' You belong to the world, that world we hear the murmur of from here, you would find any other life like a mild draught of. watered wine — a pas toral world— make ..you :3augh*.' . Brice-spoke bit terly and in a low voice. Magdalen raised her head proudly, her eyes so blue, so beautiful, so defiant flashed forth her answer.. *' If it did— I have not laughed for years.' Then she hurried away, and Brice woke up to the reality. Woke up— O God, to what? He tore himself away from the onen^ doorway where she had disappeared ; had he followed, his in clination he would have stayed there, he would have -waited, disregarding every sense of right and fitness, ; he would have allowed her to'scatter neV'sarcasiu, he would have borne her scorn, he would bjsiyg forgiven her bitter jests,' if only he might have.been Jree fo.au - swerher. Brice woke up at.this moment to' the reality.! , - He was overmastered by, passion for a wort an whom' he had called heartless, worldly, whose life was bo artificial .that it required much faith to believe she had a heart 'at 'all, whose early dis appointment had crushed and destroyed what is most beautiful in; nature— a woman's forgiveness and a woman's love.. It was a terrible awakening, he, Brice Leslie, who all his life had prided himself on his uprightness, who had viewed a guilty love with pitying contempt whilst loving ' the sinner ', who bad won— alas,# with too little difficulty— the pure and young heart of one of earth's angels. But Brice, though he now- found out his secret, though it stood revealed to him in all its enormity ; though he clearly read it in his own heart as he might have read it out of a book suddenly opened ' before him, was not conquered. Nowthatit was soy clear, now that it glowed as if written inrfiery letters upon his brain, he made a brave stride in an opposite, direction, he boldly drew his sword to show fight. His mind once made up he walked slowly but.firmly away, along the path he and Magdalen had just trod ; he could mentally hear her very tread, the rustle of her dress, the tones of her voice, aha1, worse, he could recall that play, the delight it had been to watch her, the knowledge he had acquired of her thoughts, the involuntary show of deeper feeling she had exhibited— Brice saw it all, and _ -bow every motion, .every look had increased the evil. . ' Giiselda wfll be expecting, me,' he $aid, half aloud. 'I must go back to ier-MJriselda. — He wanted the sweet name to bring back bis peace ot mind ; he wanted to wake from this mad dream, he who. had' laughed to scorn the very, idea stloying.^ this unlovable woman, be— Brice Leslie— who was engaged to Giiselda Foy. She, whose beauty and. youth and innocence were admired on all sides, rose .rose- before his mind's eyes as the vision of the Blessed Virgin might appear to a devout and ardent Catholic : bat whOj for that very reason, belonged so entirely* to pure idealism, in spite of possessing in reality a fund of real, fresh joy intensely human. Her very beauty was too. perfect, too unconscious, too ignorant of its own charms, too wanting in the eu ?'tCcing 'aggressiveness of .a less innocent «9.tvire tpvbc_ able to cope with tie fascination of Magdalen Cuth bert. Brice saw it all, saw how dangerous had been the temptation he had voluntarily placed in _ his. own , reachj and how complete ? had beeii-~Ms fiilure, a ' failure which he hid not expected, but svbich.he now saw was merely the natural consequence of his actions. ' Tie could not eveii accuse Magdalen, for how could sfie.know about GrUelda? No, she did'iiot know, ' she had not even ^guessed ; if sheicared about' him it was a true feeling, for there was no reason; no mate rial advantage about him to make her care ; it-was' the unexplainable; 'mysterious 'bouI attraction of two human beings. Then suddenly ne asked himself, ' But does she cbxe, or 'is she merely pretending, playing. With me 'as ' she has done with-many others, and am I going to drop a substance for a~w«rthless shadow ? ' The idea was crushing but wholesome, it gave him a new strength so that he felt capable of renouncing his own inclination and cb'nging to the old safe path, or in actual fact it made him walk hastily to the supper tent to seek out Griselda. In the open doorway the scene was one of brilliant mirth and fascinating enjoyment; Lady Mary, look ing her best, was in animated conversation' with the Duke, the rest of the company were 'following suit. There were the empty chairs representing the absent guests, and these were next to each other, the rest of the actors having quickly made their way to enjoy the choice good things provided. These two seats awaited— Brice recognised it at 'oiice^himself and Magdalen . How could he alter this' state of things V He cast his eyes quickly over the company, and soon found Griselda, but Lord Colefdot was by her side, ancl devoting himself to her, no empty space remained for Brice. Made bold by his late decision and his dread of defeat, Brice walked quickly to the table, whera sat: G riselda. : . Her quick joyous glances soon found him out, and indicated by a side glauce her disgust at having no place for him. Lord Cole foot was delighted to see another moth fluttering round the new wax candle he had elevated iu his aristocratic grasp. He put a rimless eyeglass into one eye and looked at Brice as if he were, a strange curio. '??..? ' Awe— yes— hum ; the iellow. who acted just now,' he remarked to Griselda. - (i A great friend of mine,' said Griselda, -with a little smile hovering Toubd her lips ?;-. 'we used to have such rides togetherin New:Ze»land.'. Then, as Brice had come near enough to qieak to her, she turned towards him and introduced him tothe young Lord. This New Zealand child was so free from self-conscioubiieES that she was not cven.shy. ?' Mrs Leslie, Lord Colefoot.' ' We were talking of you, of course. How well you acted. It was splendid, firstrate.' 'Some of you were professionals, I suppose,' eaid the young Lord. - .- ' Yes, some of us,' said Brice, smiling. 'So the rest of us were put on our mettle, s. There is no seat here I see. Lady Mary has been generous with her '..pBatre. No one is allowed to stand.' ? ' Where is Miss Cuthbert ?' said Griselda. 'She was really splendid.' Brice turned round as if to look for her, but deceit was so foreign to his nature that he made no re mark. Magdalen liad not come back, so he resolved to eat his supper in haste before she did so. ' TheJabourer is worthy of his supper ; I shall 6ee you again,' he said with a smile, addressing Gri selda, and then he walked away. How young, and fresh, and happy she looked, hie Griselda ; she seemed now more like his daughter : yes, that was how it was. Had he been foolish to win her affection ? He was too old for her, certainly he was very old; ler simplicity wa6 so intensely 'fascinating in theory, but ? ' He sat down in the place assigned to him, and felt as if a ghost were by his side, not Magdalen, hut that other woman, the horror of his young.man Tiood, the rum of Percy Chester's life — his friend's i-evil genius, his curse. Fool that he was. How could he, Percy, have left a diamond for worthless glassf Fool ! and so are we aU,' he thought. He poured out a glass of champagne and drank it down, ate a few, mouthfuh and felt revived ; he was etrong; he had yet resisting power. He had been frightfully imprudent ; he had been taken unawares ; but he was a man, not a weak fool : he would get over hi6 mad infatuation ; but Miss Cuthbert— Mag- dalen— did she ? ' ? . . ? ? Brice rose quickly; a few.. others had done the . same, and were strolling again into the gardens. It was getting late ; some of the carriages had been an nounced ; all the better, thought he ; the evening would soon be over. Ab he passed, out he heard various exclamations about Miss Cuthbert, where was she? Ah, there- she was, just coming in. A murmur of applause, greetings, questionings fol lowed. Brice placed himself behind a recess, where he could observe Magdalen without being seen. She was resplendent in some dark crimson attire ; 'Brice only saw the general effect, he noted a necklace of small diamonds round her. throat; he noted the splendid pose of her head and 4he waving hair, that appeared to have arranged itself in the beau desordre that represents the highest -art. -Her lips were beautiful in colour; her smiles— she seemed lavish of them as the men pressed round her to con gratulate her. Then she walked.-slowly down the tent; she must pass close by him ; how he bated tho men who crowded about her, how he hated the smiles -she gave them so willingly, smiles-rthey are cheap enough. Such a woman fed on admiration, s^ie was ;Tnot worth a life's devotion. He was— Just then she came within hearing and the words he heard were ''' ' Oh, without Mr. Lesb'e's acting I could not have done it— you must praise him. By the way, where is be?' .... ???...? ,.-:: . Brice experienced a revulsion of. feeling, and she was after all thinking of him, asking for him ; .if she gave away her smiles to others, she gave him her thoughts, she — he almost stepped forward and pro claimed himself, he almost .walked up to her and before them.all took his place at her sjde, almost— — \ then with a strong, effort he turned his back upon '' the animated group and walked put into the cool night air. ? . .;:'?,, He did not know which path he took, he was not conscious of the sbay couples he met, he only knew \- that he was; flying from himself and from her. AU at once some one touched his arm. i-'j' Oh, Brice, there you are, I have , beeu looking : for you everywhere.' . It was Griselda. That stupid Lord Colefoot would stick to me, audheis EQ- foolisr.' . Griselda laughed happily. ' At last I had.to tay that I was going to look for Miss Cuthbert to help ? her, but she is surrounded witb people. Now, let's .have a little walk. It is jolly getting you to myself. Come this way, Brice, and tell me everything. Oh, I have so much to tell you, Tliis fortnight lias seemed very long without you. Papa laughs at me for being bo studious, and mamma says . . . .' here Griselda paused and laughed again. ' There, nevermind what she says. Tell nie everything.' ' He slipped her hand on his arm, and looked at her 1 with his wonderful smile of protecting love. She was accustomed in the old days to his silent ways. 'My little girl has been en joy}ng herself?' he said gently. /lK . .. v, \\..^._ . . . ' Yes, very rouclyfJlf I. could haye;been near to you it would have been perfect.- But I lijssd to hear . people praising you, Brice.. -You acted. your -part so well, oh so well ; and Miss Cuthbert^-wasn't. she splendid? Fancy, Brice, this evening when I first came Lady Mary took me to her, and she gave me . \- this rose. I have pinned it in again, so . carefully for fear I should' lose it. I think she is quite, quite fascinating, don't you.' ' To a good many persons, evidently.' ... - \- ' Yes, I am among $he number.. Isn't Bhe: hand- some, and so— so— I didn't know how to express it, but she looks very, very sad sometimes. . Kot before people, but alone this evening, when ive were doiug the flowers she made me feel iucliued to cry. Do you ' know, Brice, Ehe seems to me to belong to an old world civilisation, whilst I feel so young, so modern, near to her. Jn I^ew Zealand we could never have, found anyone like her. I think new lands are not haunted as old places seem to be. I believe that all the disappointed people when they die become ghosts and wander about and tease people, and so old countries are more full of unquiet spirite'than new lauds,' , ' Have1 you seen the illuminated fountain ?' said Brice suddenly. He had looked round and noted that there was a stream of people coming out from the supper tent and he did not wish to meet Magdalen now. ' No, tale me there, Brice; %hen are you com ing home?' ' To-morrow most likely. If. Lady Mary will let me go it will certainly be to-morrow ; but I must just help Mr. Milton to clear all this— artificialism away. ' It has been perfect Lady Mary is a born genius. She is so very agreeable ; a lady of society in the nicest sense of the word.' '? Yes ; in its most pleasant interpretation, and she hates dullness. There are few like her.' ' How countrified and ordinary it makes one feel to know such people. At least, it makes me feel eo ; but you, Brice, you seem to fit in wherever you go. I felt so proud of you, and I wished to tell everyone that you cared for me, a stupid little thing like me.' ' On the contrary, Griselda, if you had said so the people here would have answered I was an awfully lucky fellow. You have been very much admired. I began to think that I ought not to bind you down to a life of common-place, or perhaps a buEh life, when here you might be ? ' ' What nonsense ; you and I are made for country life, I'm sure ; I should get sick of parties and coni plimeuts, and you would laugh at the poor people ana make no end of enemies. Brice, can't you fancy how these people would despise our old motto, ' A Dieu Foy, aux amis Foyer.' I love parties like this, and I shall love dancing, but I shall never repret any of them — anything, when ? ' ' When what, dear?' said Brice very quickly. Griselda looked round,- there was no one near them, they were alone, the beauty of the scene made her realise something of life's strange mystery, the play had saddened her a little. Not given to romance the girl suddenly felt a touch of the strange longing for that love which takes one out of oneself into an ideal existence. She clasped both her hands round his arm and laid herfair head on his shoulder : — ? ? . ' When 1 am your wife. Brice.' The fountain splashed its illuminated drops doEe by them as if a rainbow had melted into flowing water. Above, the . trees shivered slightly as the tiniest breath came.to whisper among them. Life to Griselda was like this rainbow hue, all variety and all beauty, and Bi'ice was the centre of the irides cent arc. But Griselda was too young to be cautious, too young to doubt her eyes, and her eyes had fancied the place deserted. In another moment Magdalen Cuthbert rose from a hidden seat close at hand. She did it so naturally that there was no time for em barrassment or flight, indeed Griselda's fair curling hair still touched Brice's shoulder as Mies Cuthbert spoke. -' ? ? ? . . ' We both thought tbisplace deEerted,'eheEaid, and laughed, yes, laughed her little laugh that Brice knew so well, the one which had no hope and no joy iu it. Griselda ought to have been covered with confusion, but she : was herself at once as she stood away from Brice. ''Oh, Miss Cuthbert, I am -glad-it -was only you— it is all a secret.'' ' - - ' Evidently,' said Magdalen, and laughed again, ' but I warn you others may come.'' ' -'. ' You had better go home, Griselda,' i=aid Brice, forcing himself to speak naturally. ' It is late, come and- look for Mrs. Hope; I must do my duty with the other guests.' He walked quickly forward, and Griselda followed him, nodding her ' good night ' to Miss Cuthbert, and adding to Brice. '? Oh, dear Brice, don't be annoyed. Miss Cuthbert looks eo true she will say nothing- — and she will understand.' Magdalen Cuthbert was left alone. She walked a step back and sat down again on the seat so well concealed. Why had she come here ? . She had with difficulty managed to get away from the admiring crowd because she wanted to see Brice ; she fancied he had not been in the supper tent ; were his feelings hurt, was he mistaking her ? Could he not under stand that, at last, after all these years, he, this quiet, sympathetic Brice, this friend in a thousand, had touched her poor, cold heart? That he alone* of all the men she had known and who had flattered her, had been capable of restoring animation to a dead thing, had made her believe that life was still worth living, love still possible 'i Yes, she still could love. The discovery had been so marvellous, eo strange, that she had let hereelf reluctantly believe it; but the very reluctance had beep sweet. Yes, she knew it now, her life still contained something worth having. She, had so much to give, and for so long it had been locked away, hidden, frozen, or withered. No, only frozen. Brice had allowed the warm sun to penetrate, and the frozen depth had moved, and then slowly expanded. And now- — After all, he was already a lover— worse, engaged. How foolish other not to guess it sooner— not to know that all men are liars., all men are willing to deceive. That girl, that simple-minded child, the had won his heart — she — a mere butterfly, a flutter ing, clinging creature who could love anyone, who might marry anyone because of her beauty— to beaute du diable — and she had taken- him from her. No, that could hardly be the case ; the time was not long enough; it was ? Magdalen paueed iu her train of thought, and slowly rose and stood by the illuminated fountain. Though/there was no one toi admire her, she seemed to be posing before herself ; she felt that she was a grand, a beautiful woman, a woman who could faEcinate when she chose, whom she chose ; lhat any other woman opposed to her had very little chance' ; that if she chose— here Magdalen laughed '. softly, and bitterly — this child, this fair-hairedNevvZealanaer— was no obstacle in her way. - Was it not piain already that without meaning ft, without knowing it, she had supplanted her ; .and, if she chose.? . '. -. Magdalen wrapped a soft gauzehke 6carf round her which seemed to add a new softness and beauty to her face, and with a slow, deliberate step she walked back to the lawn, where already the number of guests was much thinned, and where Lady Mary and her husband were receiving the hist gracious and hearty thanks of their friends. 'Magdalen, where have you been hiding?' said Lady Mary. '-' The Duke Jias gone, and was so sorry not to wish- you good-bye.' ' I 'was walking in fairyland,' ? said Magdaleu smiling. Then she plunged into conversation with the -- various groups of guests* and everyone remarked how brilliant and clever Miss Cuthbert was and how extremely handsome ; the Duke had been heard to admire her, and the Duke— as, of course, all dukes are— wae a connoisseur in iemale beauty. Then at last all the guests were gone ; the servants ran hither and thither ; Frank andUrice Leslie went about seeing after the dangerous lights ; the illumina tions depending on electricity were suddenly ex- - .tinguished, the darkness -reasserted itself, only the Btajs ehone out in the Btili, hot night. ? Lady Mary linked her arm into Magdalen's. «' It is over,' she said ; 'really I am almost sorry, I am so much elated with the 'compliments I have ?received.' ' ?*' ' ,' ; ,. - ' It is well over,' answered Magdalen. ' ' You have succeeded; I think success cures all regrets.' Lady Mary was struck by something in Magdalen's voice. , . ' Success is bo eominou with you, dear, why don't you tver follow it up ? I know some one who has been in — I won't say heaven, because of one's un certain knowledge, but— in Arcadia this evening.'* Magdalen smiled. . - ' You mean Mr. Leslie-,' she slid; quite calmly. Lady Mary laughed. ? - ,. t ' I name no names. But come, -Magdalen, you ' must be weary ; the gentlemen won't bs in for some time ; let us go to bed. I owe you too much to wish, to fain your beauty.' Magdalen was delighted to go before the men cauie back. ' . ?'?';. y ' ? When she was left alone she did not lose her smiles : on the contrary she went to the great pier-glass and looked at herself with intense pleasure and satisfac tion. It was not merely vanity, but a genuine admi ration of her own beauty. Her eyes -sparkled like living diamonds, her cheeks were exquisite in colour. ' I do choose,' she said at last : ' the ob stacle is 60 insignificant, just big enough to give one enough incentive. He was Percy's frieud and — I love him ; that child does not matter. I even forgive him — he had not seen me then.' (To be continued.} . 