THE BLACK LADY 1 OF DARM- STADT. The Courts of Germany and Austria boast a host of legendary lady spectres (the Gentlewoman says) who, when woe is to befall the princely house in question, make their appearanco at the hour of midnight, before some sentinel or officer on dnty, their appearance striking terror and dismay among the inmates of the palace, and perhaps hastening the death of the princely sufferer. The "Black Lady of Darmstadt" was a princess, and moreover, the wedded consort of a reigning prince, being Princess Marianne, the wife of the Grand Duke Ferdinand Maria. She always, we are told, appears in deep monrniug, and is reputed to bespeak woe to the Grand Ducal House of HeBse in particular, but also to the allied | royal one of Bavaria. In olden times the | reputed appearance of the " Black Lady " j j wculd cause a perfect panic in ihe old Darmstadt Schloss, the sentinels ovoa fleeing ! : Irom their posts. ' A young and daring officer of the Grenadiers once prayed the Grand Duke Ludwig I. to be permitted to stand sentry at the Court Chapel. " If it be no trne ghost,*' he remarked, "I will cure tbe individual of the desire to haunt." The prayer was granted, with the if quest that the spectre refused to stand when challenged the officer was to fire upon him. The 'Grand Duke himself and some courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel, whence a vi?w could be obtained of "the courtyard, and the path which the ghostly object was said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour, and hardly lad the last chime died away before a loud "Haiti" rang out upon the still night, followed instantly by the report of a gun ; Tbe Grand Duke and his attendants hurriel from their hiding place in the courtyard, where they beheld the bold soldier stiff and dead. He had not a single outward sign of injury, but the barrel of the gun by his Bi|« was rent from tbe stock and the former);wisted like a cork-screw. Singular to relite, within three days Ludwig I. himself fay a corpse in the Ducal Hall. About the year 1850 QueenThfer&e; of Bavaria died most suddenly, Sid even in the highest circles mention wi shudderingly made of the spectre thil had made its appearance just before her d ath. King Ludwig, her consort, was spading the summer in the company of Qu en Th6r6ae at bis caFtle of Archaffenberg, i -lather also their Majesties' Bon-in-law, Glrad Duke Ludwig III., of Hesse- Darmpdfc, had been invited, when one eveninf at dusk, just as the princely company wire taking tea in the gayest of spiritB, ther^ suddenly appeared—so those present aver—behind the chair of the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, having fixed her glassy eyes upon her Majesty, retire! through the ante-chamber. The Grand |Duke immediately hastened after the mysterious visitor, and in an angry voice del anded of the officer on daty by the do . how he dared to permit strangers to ei ,ir unaale latter nounced and at that door, declared on oath that no livi human being had entered either ihe ant^-ihamber or the royal saloon. Horrci-sfipck the duke returned to the company, phen he was compelled, much against hiij irish, to relate the story. Having heard It, Queen Tbree3e rose hastily from the oMr and exclaimed, " That is Intended f< i me." The royal party returned shortly jfter to the capital, where the cholera; ban raged during the summer but had tlenj disappeared. In a few days the unheppyjQueen fell a victim to the terrible scouige. Again, in the early days of Mtrcb, 1864, the " Blsck Lady" figpred in a mysterious occurrence at the Palace at; Darmstadt, which, through subsequent events, created an immense sensation in Germany. The Life Guards officer on duty had, «t the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection of the sentries, when suddenly, in one of the corridors, he beheld si lady dressed in black coming from the iapartments occupied by Countess Fuger, a lady' of the Court. He saw her distinctly go past the grand staircase, at nighttheonly«xit to the chapel courtyard. Believing that she was making a mistake,* the officer called to her that she could only get o^t that way to reach her carriage. But withcut paying the slightest heed the lady con.iaued her way towards the chapel stairs. Quickly the officer hastened after her, tu she disappeared in the gloom. Then, in the belief that it might be someone wjith felonious intent, he shouted to the sentry on guard at the bottom of the stairs, "Artest her 1" himself descending quickly. | But there was nobody, and the man jtmphatically declared that no one had passld him. Two days later the news spread like wildfire throughout Germany that IKhk Maximilian IL of Bavaria had suddenly! boon taken dangerously ill. He had retfarnod in excellent health from his usual tide, and was juat dressing for dinner when be was seized with cramp. And in a few flours he was dead. . t Tbe following incident is vouched for by parties well acquainted*with th^ " boy," now a young professor. He was the soiicf a clergyman, acd though only five yeate old, bright and clear beyond hiB eyes. I*. at a dinner given by bis mother for afew i ntlpnte friends. Master W——— was allowed hiiusual place at table, but becoming unruly was, by way of punishment, transferred to a| tide table, whither nurse bad removed tiisl h: Lie plate, knife, and fotk, by mamma'e ordti. Noeooner wes the little fellow seated in hfe high chair agt.in than, bowing bis Wiitod|c«ipsg his bauds cu hia-Boilcd- bib, jt'i lispei', with -apparent r:-verenco and great gravity," Oh Lird, I thank Tbce that Thou hast prej& cd a table for me in the midst o! mine enemi f 1 