The fall the Loubet Ministry follows on wliut 1ms lor France the j^.up.1 order of political .wv»»uts. There, as ifl Synth Australia, the only tiling that cau be sofcly predicted uf'un AU; uiiuistration U tlnit it will speedily ^ive' pjaep to its sutrce-.-i^r. TJrnc in tj-e 22 year* winch have elapsed auice tue oytfi* throw of the Sertuid Empire uo less thau 28 Cabinets have followed each other jyith almost kaleidoscopic rapidity, not 9UC o i' }*'bich has completed its secoiid year of o^ict. But tliongli thisstroogly marktf the contlict cf parties and the n/.'ver ending intrigue }ci place and power V^cli militates' against ^e stability of tliG EepubUc, At' does not specifically account for the su(i(jjen colr I lapse of the late Administration, Ji | supplies the general, but not the purtlcu- ] cause, and this is to be looked for in 1 'Hit weakness and vacillation of polTcy regard to Pajjama Canal .icandflfs. ^-bout these, poptf- ; hir clamor a^d tlte Voice of public ! a-ecusation had become fl0 loud &» ui ; peach ihe honor of the leaul.n5 1 the State} and to clialieuge the attention I of the' Government. |u the Chamber ' of Deputies one of its menders; M, de Lahaye, made serious and sweeping 1 assertions which attained to the propor- ? lions of a grave National scandal. He ' alleged that the immense sums derived j from the lotteries officially sanctioned j were obtained by false pretences, and were fraudulently couvertci to the per sonal use of .the promoters and directors. Farther, Mi^ie Liahaye usaonei thai ilie Fioquet Government had made ihe Canal 'Company pay heavy blackuiail as the pricc of its oonuiranoe in tlie cor rupt . scheme ; that it had received and applied the money to combating Boulangism, and that the vote passed the Chamber of 'Deputies by the whole sale bribing of its members. The accu sations were serious, but were at the time so wanting in reasonable support that the Government could have elected to let them pass unnoticed, at least until they were better substantiated. But, threatened by the Anarchist sec tion, and assailed ? by the other cliques iu opposition, the Cabinet yielded to popular clamor, and appointed a com mittee to investigate and formulate charges against the directors. Having gone so far as to direct a prosecution which would compromise, if it did not ruin, a National reputation, in that of the great engineer, Ferdinand de Lesseps, it would have been supposed that the Government would have held firmly on to the end, and strengthened themselves in public favor by their I determination to probe these scandals to I the bottom. But this is precisely what they have not done, and their hesitancy j has brought about their downfall. The ! buuucii ueutn oi uaron ivcinacn, one oi the Panama Canal Company's directors, which followed immediately on the appointment of the committee, and the hurried burial of his body aroused popular suspicion afresh. This was due to the statement that he had received f-, 000, 000 francs for the purposes of bribery and corruption, and could dis I close the names of ] f-0 members who ! had accepted his corrupt advances. The rumor, therefore, obtained currency that the Baron was not dead. It was said that the reported demise was merely a ruse to escape detection. The coiuu, il was auegea, contained only stones and rubbish. A further rumor pointed to a suspicion of suicide, and, on tlie recommendation of their own com mittee, the Ministry were pressed to direct the exhumation and post mortem examination of the body. The story vras strange, but not more so than the whole indictment, and tlie Cabinet, which on the strength of one phase had not hesitated to order the prosecution of Vicomte de Lesseps and his colleaguos might well on the strength of another phase have directed the exhumation and post nwrtem examination of Baron Henoch's remains. But to this they offerod an obstinate and apparently incomprehensible resistance, and met an adverse vote on the ]-oint with an im rpcltrnnfmn 'MM}*;,,,, 1,.,- since transpired has explained the rationale of the action. Having undertaken the work of investigation! to satisfy the popular outcry, it is difficult to understand why M.! Loubet declined to take the further step recommended by the committee, and still harder to comprehend why he accepted an adverse vote on this minor point as a defeat involving the fall of his Ministry. Had the result of the exhumation proved all that was alleged, it would not have reflected upon his Government. On the contrary, credit might well have been claimed for its vigorous action in vindi cating the National honor by directing tlie investigation. If the vague charges of M. de Lahaye were held to be sufficient to justify this, even to the extent of initiating wholesale prosecutions against the direotors of the Caual Company, there should have been no hesitancy about whatever further step their proof or disproof might involve, Assuming the result to support the allegation, the greater the credit due to a firm and im partial Administration. Had it dis proved them the greater the satisfaction in have cleared the National name of the stigma which these scandals attach to it. But M. Loubet halted at the point when he should have advanced, and has paid the penalty. Still the sudden and violent change that lias taken place has no political significance beyond that at* taching to a factious triumph, and tlie success of a party intrigue, and there seems to be more tban sufficient ground far flie trenchant comment qf The Times that in the ceaseless warring of its discordant elements the Chamber of Deputies is digging the grave of the Republic. Certainly the present out look is not promising, and if the auguries for the future are to be drawn from the history of the imme diauj pagt. doubts uiay well arise as to the stability ot existing; institutions. The centennary of the Revolution was celebrated but three years ago, yet in the period so covered there have been no less t)r?n tire different forms of govern ment . The first Repqbljc lasted to 1804, and was followed by the ten years of the First Empire, Then came the restoration of the Monarchy, with its in terruption of 4- the hundred days,' and its subsequent overturn by the Second Republic. Four years saw this resolved by the coup de etat into the Second Empire, and the disasters of 1870 ushered in first the Commune, and then the Third Republic. Allowing for the change in the Constitution which decreed to Louis Philippe the qualified title of King of the French, no system of go vernment has satisfied the volatile Gallic temperament so long a* the pre sent. J't may, therefore, be that the soveieigq people feel they are due for thi1 wonted change,' and ijmt the making j 4MU Liuui umug Uf uy popular clamor is hut a natural manifestation of this National unrest. Unfortunately, according to the present state of parties, the prospect of change for the better is very remote. The one 6trong man who cuu assume the NuDoIeonie role, who i oj! O'jmbajLe the position and control «4u» coiir sa oi Vvynis, lias not yqt ftp pj-arcd. When' he does 'draftee will foU luw liinj a& ii diii in 1804. But in the meant mil* Hie struggle for supremacy goe* on among the mediocrities, and National interests are jeopardised, that place and power may be usurped by political Empirics. The English Mails. — The following important, but very annoying, information waj i Kb led g,t the local office last evening %-th rcapect tc tlie Ttutmapion m*iTP des patched' oh Von^y 4pcf sa Flinders for transmission to Engi&nd; : — ^Th£ Tasmaofcft mails for B.H.8, Oceans arrived ton late for Adelaide train. T. Black, Melbourne.' It would appear that the Adelaide mail train was mis9-.*d owing to the Flinders not arriv ing at tbe Melbourne wharf until 4 40 p.m. Y^teKhiv. Tlie steamers Flinders and Coogee £-£ tU» P°rt aboat 2 P-»* on Monday, tbe latter reaJ^^-Ulf Melbourne wh$rf nearly seven hours in advo^r* , former. It irill be Been, therefore, that htvt tiiC mails bceu despatched as aeual by the Coogee. 6dch an unfortunate ferectsptanceas i be delay of a week in forwarding th« Taauianian English mails would not have occurred. Fast Rai^at Tbavellikq.— The Em pire Si ii to express train on the New Vork Central Railway broke the record for fast railway travelling oh October 26, making 10 miles at the rate of 96 miles .per liynt* The entire run from Rochester to Buffalo, a distance of ti9 miles was made In 71 minutes, \- Fu.vKOAtj^inaT^Vf^^^ei^mains'idr the late Jdr; jolm^'domi^'lDobaWson, , Whot was -Justom House ' nnUl his death «h Sunday Inst, were yesterday -^afternoon conveyod to ticSobtchOemeiery ior inter-' mdnt. The coffin was 1-orne *£rom tho late' residence of deceased,'^ tho -3dstom Hohse, by^four -mfembets'ibf ithe Vire^tigadeTof : which deceased.swasa member/ and to the burial ground On tih'e^re engine. About 60 members of the LO.G.F» (Oddfellows^, carry*, ing palm, and members of thelftre Brigade, accompanied by 4'Bfiperintendent Bennell, preceded the remains, -'each of the firemen carrying a wreath. Following the coffin were the relatives of the deceased as chief mourners, followed by all the Customs officials, including Messrs. J/W. OampbeU (late Collector of Customs), Barnard, Rocher, aud Bain. Included amongst the long line of those who paid the last tribute of respect were membersof the TamarYachtand Rowing clubs, representatives of the insurance com panies, and Several members of the City Football Club. On arrival at the burial ground the usual service at the grave was read by Rev. ,T, Lyle, at tho conclusion of which the funeral service of Oddfellows was read by Bro. G. Howard, N;G., assisted by Uie^ D.D.O.M., Bro. J. Alexander.— Tlie re mains of the late Captain Thomas Capurn were, taken f rom his late residence yeslorday morning, at Cameron-street, to the railway station for conrcyance to Hobart for inter ment. Prior to the train leaving, M-«srs. Irvine and Parnham, representing the Union and tue late T.S.N. companies, placed ia inemoriam wreaths on the coffin. City Police Coitbt.— 1 There was a blank Elbctbicity. — Some - idea may be gathered of the growth and extent of manu factures connected with electric lighting from Mr Edison's , estimate that no less tban -55,000 incandescent lamps are manufactured every day at au average selling price of Ss apiece. From these figures it will be seen that about £12,000 per day are spent upon this class of goods, or £4,000,000 a year in round numbers. Thb Missing Asstoiak. — 1& reference to the 'discovery in the ApBley River, on Monday, of the body of Peter Anlouio, the missing Assyrian hawker, the Swansea cor respondent of the Mcrcury states that an inquest will be held to-day. hospital hoard.— a special meeting of the memtxTdof the Hospital Board was held at the board-room, Public Buildings, last evening, to consider applications for the position of house steward and collector for the Launcestoo General Hospital. For this positiou about 70 applications were Bent in from persons in various parts of the colony ; and, after a lengthy and careful scrutiny of the names, the final choice fell upon Mr W. Chambers, of Wynyard, who was highly recommended. Mr Chambers' at one time held an appointment as district postmaster in England, with Beveral sub-officers under his jurisdiction, and souie time ago held an appointment under the Tasmanian Govern ment as assessor for the Emu Bay district under the late Assessment Act. Eight Hours Dkmonstbation. — A com mittee meeting of the Eight Hours Asso ciation was held last evening when the principal business of the evening was the selection of bands to perform at the sports meeting ami gala to be held January 26, 1893\. The St. Joseph's and City Bauds were engaged, but the arrangement with the visiting hands was left over until next meet ing, a deputation to wait on the railway de part meut u- see upon what terms the bands from the country would be allowed co travel on the day of the gala. As the visiting bands are likely to bring a large number of friends to town with them, it is thought tbe ! railway authorities will deal liberally with ; the demonstration committee. The appoint- - meat of a musical committee was confirmed, : and the meeting adjourned until Tuesday 1 evening next. The Christmas Season. — The osoal in connection with the forthcoming festive . Christmas season. We have received from I Messrs. Walch Bros, and Bircball the special illustrated issues of the London serials, Yvle Tide and Black and White , and both in addition to their interesting print fea | lures include charming presentation plat' s. ' The last-named has special features for the I amusement of tbe juveniles. Messrs. Fit&- I gerald Brothers forward us a novelty in the I shape of an illustrated annual published for M™«tc PM» t.1.» ctvlo nf «-V.B T.r.n.lA„ serials, which includes a ghost story, by Charlcs Dickens, and four handsome pre sentation plates, being reproductions of works of art in tbe poasession of the noted firm of soapxnakers. The Retubn of 'Music, Song, and Stoby.'— Mr G. H. Snaselle, the far-famed favorite in the dramatic world, returned to this city last evening by the 8*15 train, from New Zealand via Hobart. He arrived at the last-named place on Monday, and leaves here by the ss. Pateena to-day, in answer to a cablegram from Mr J. C. Williamson, who has been successful in engaging his services in several operatic performances, to commence at the close of this and for a short period during the ensuing year. Mr Snazelle intends 10 visit Tasmania again about March or April next, qqd will then brjng with him orfoinal sceqes and ekV-tches of islands in the Fijian group and other places not often, if ever, explored by white people. Military Kxtehtainment. — In the Montacute Hall, Hagle» , to-morrow evening, a military entertainment nicely interspersed with vocal and instrumental selections will be given by members of the rifle gymna sium. The full nrocrrammp will Vu- in another column. Daiby Utbksils. — Milk dishes, churns, butter prints and beaters, milk buckets, Mason's preserving jars, enamelled preserv ing pane, aclf-Bealing jars, jam spoops, enamelled colanders, f unnels, and every re quisite for the jam-making season. Manq. faptqrerp of creamenr plant. Cash prices.— Fbbgusqk AKS Co., Brisbane-street. ? [ADYT.] Lepboy.— Avoid the mud and discomfort of being cramped in a coach for hours by I travelling to this mining centre per steamer j Centennial to George Town, thence per I coach (a few miJes onJ v). Fares, 7s. — j f IDVT.] I The meeting convened by the Warden of I Evandale re municipal matters is adjourned 1 till 8 o'clock this eveninz. The thirty -third anniversary of tbe St. Andrew's Sunday-school will be held in the church next Sunday. The Rev. J. G. Wright will preach in tlie morning, and the Rev. J. Lyle in the evening. By advertisement, Messrs. 6. Ear llev Wilmot, R. ,T. Sadler, and L. Tulloch inti mare mey intenu lo seeu re-eieciion to the pogiiiog of wardens of the Marine Board. The ' anhqal tveat of Trinity Church Sunday-school will be held tcwlay, A meeting of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance' will be held 'this evening. The first of a s^ri-^B of lectures on ' Bees and their management' will be given by Mr Magnus Smith, in the Wycliffe Hall, this evening. Southerwood'6 Coaches leave Cornwall Hotel daily for Lefroy ; fares 5s, four hours' ? trip. For Beacoosfield, Monday, Wednes j day, and Friday, returning alternate days ; fares, &s; retqrn. fardels 'oare$'qlly attended i to. Telephone, 1 85. W.J. SouTHEawoOD, Pro, 