THE BIBLE IN THE WORLD. Perhaps, than the work of the Bible Society, there is no form of Christian endeavour which has been more often subjected to the cynical criticism of unfriendly or merely thoughtless people ; and perbapB there iB none which those who have eyes to see and ears to hear know to be more valuable or more productive of results, direct or indireot, It is true mis sionary work, this of the Bible Society, and many a lonely worker in the mission field or toil-worn minister of the Gospel among the busy haunts of men will tell you how helpless he would feel without the Scriptures, which, in all tongues, are doily pouring from the Society's presses. Last year nearly four million copies were Bold. The annual report is one of the few publications of the class which readers care to wade through, and its perusal is amply repaid ; for, while as entran cing as a work of imagination, the thick volume of five hundred pages always contains much that is instructive, not a little that is thought-inspiring. We do not hesitate to give a few of the more striking extracts. Pasteur Monod acts the part of Greek Ohorua to the woik which is going on in France. His auuual survey of the year's progress is always one of the moBt weighty contributions to each report. The Spiritual Condition op France. Ab M. Monod anxiously watcheB, from year to year, the " white fields of France," and Bends hiB annual report, it is, happily, with an increasing assurance that the season is ripen ing to a harvest of spiritual peace. Among the lower classes there are fewer expressions of hatred to religion than there were, and with men of education there are evidences of a reaction from the materialism of recent times. As we near the end of the century a sense ot spiritual awakening and renewal seems to manifest itself, an attendrissement ( to quote the words of M. Jules Lemuitre) de I'dme humaine ; and it may be hoped that ti e very dissatisfaction which is showing itself with the past may be one of the reliable symptoms of a healthier and happier future. Pasteur Monod writes : " The change in tone as regards the higher and spiritual aspect of things is specially remarkable among the higher classes, and the refined 1 literateurs ' who write for these classes Btrike a very un usual note. I range this among the Bigns of the times which must give us courage, and revive our hope that the bones, however dry they may be, oan still be covered with skin, receive breath in them and live ? Is it not like as when many voices say — 1 Our bones are dried and our hope is lost ; we are cut off for our part ?' But what saith the Lord ? — ' I will open your graveB, and ye shall know that I am the Lord ; .when 1 have opened your graves, I shall put my Spirit in you and ye shall live.' " A Second Lasserre. No leBS noticeable (continues M. Monod) is the movement among spiritual writers, such as some of our first scholars in various branches, and decidedly such religious men as Pere Qyacinthe and many others. After LaBserre comes a member of the Roman clergy of Normandy, l'Abbe Gamier, who publishes the Gospels translated by the R. P. de Oarrieres two hundred years ago, with ancient illustrations and the approval of the Bishop of Bayeux. 1 read in the preface : " France must return to the Gospel. It !b a deplorable fact that the Gospel is no more read in France, which is in contradiction equally with tradition and with the desire of the Oburch (1) . . . Each Gospel shall be printed separately, and then the Acts. Let each Gospel be circulated d profusion. The Gospel has made the civilised world ; it Bhall make it over again. . . Mind it be always read with a deep respect ; it is the Word of God, the source of life, the Chris tian's strength. It must be read with a desire to profit by it, and to become sanctified. L6t us, before we begin, pray the Holy Ghost to enlighten us, and let us not shut the book without retaining the passage that has struck us most to meditate upon it, to nourish it in our heart, to let it become the rule of our conduct." Would that tho Church of Rome with one mind spoke such language, and acted upon it. After Many Days. The work in Brittany always affords strik ing illustrations : — A Breton colporteur was in a house offering his books to two young girls and their brother, One of the girls took up and began to read a Breton Testament, when she ex claimed, " I am sure we had a book of that Bort when father lived. He had it frequently read for him, and he said that he liked nothing so much as truth, and that the book was tho truth. Thero must remain somewhere a few leaves of that book. They began search- ing about, and at last five or six leaves of the old edition of the Breton Testament was found on the top of a press. I showed them the same verses in my Testament, and they were so pleased that they at once decided to buy a copy. No "Priest Books" Wanted. At a small village on the sea border a col porteur was asked, "What sort of books do yon sell ? If they are Protestant books, all right, but if they are 1 des livres de pietres,' we will have nothing to do with them." This is very striking. Recognising the Brittany accent, I offered and sold at once a Breton Testament. Seeing some women together, I offered a Testament. " We cannot read, but we are ready to listen." Five minutes later, the wholo village was standing near me listen ing. A young girl comes running : "I want a book to-day ; my brothers took away with them the two we bad purchased from you the last time you came, and we cannot do without them." She bought a Breton and Frenoh Testament. I thus sold five coies to people who certainly meant to read them. Christian Heathenism. The following traits give an idea of Breton superstition and blindfoldnese. A woman purchases a pig at the fair at Pont 1'AbhA Arriving at her home nt le Guilvineo, the animal falls ill. The woman borrows two francs from a neighbour, makes a cross on the pig's back with the money, whioh she gives to the cure to say a mass for the pig's reco very. Near Qaimperl6 there is a small chapel named St. Adrien, wheie are seen two wooden statues representing men, extremely ugly, but revered ae saints by tho Church. But they must be unruly saints, as one of them has an arm broken, and to my question how this had happened, a woman answered that the two had quarrelled, and one had proved stronger than ihe other, but they both worked plenty of miracles 1 Freethought and Freethought. Being told that a man possessed a Gospel " de la libra pensee," a colporteur wbb much puzzled to know what that could be. Atthst moment the man approached, and the colpor teur was not a little surprised to see him take out of his pocket a New Testament, which was to him quite a familiar book. He said ho knew several persons who poBsess and read the Scriptures, and he purchased a Bible, wishing me good success." Corrupted Versions. The colporteur who has worked the whole year in Savoy writes as follows :— In one village a man, as soon as be saw me, pressed me to enter his house and talk with him. He examined a Testament, and told me that that book had been for many years the joy of his heart ; he showed me a copy of De Sacy's Testament of the edition of 1832, which he not only reads himself, but in the long winter evenings to two women, hie neighbours, who rejoice with him at the good news, that they are saved through the works of Jesus Christ and tli6 puro grace of God. This is the doing of a so-called " corrupted " version of the Word of God I A Priest's Confession. A colporteur in tho North of France says: — It is quite evident that many cures— I do not say all — teach their people that Protes tants do not believe in Jesus Christ, and this makes them at once a " monstrum borrondum " in the eyes of every true Roman Catholic. On the other hand, here iB a cure who, upon hearing from our colporteur that he is in the service of an English society, doss not hesitate to say, " Happy people are they, the English, who have the means to oirculate such books. C'est une bonne ceuvre ." Pasteur Monod on Methods of Work. As the pages of M. Mouod's varied and copious narrative have boen reviewed, there is one injunction which is repeatedly im pressed on the attention, and it should receive special emphasis. It is the wisdom of the system of sale on which all the colporteurs' work is, as a rule, oonducted, and tho fallacy of the method of geueral and profuse free distribution. That it is easy to give away is evident, and that its apparent results are large is abundantly plain. But after all it is the interest of Christian workers to find out, not the easiest bat the best way, not tho cheapest but the most effective. And in this respeot there is a remarkable oonsousas at onoe of experience and of opinion. It ie a certain fact, over and above con firmed by actual trial, that the books for the possession of which something, be it only a farthing, has been paid, are sure to be kept, but the books received fur nothing are, as a rule, doomed to destruction. Shadow and Sunshine in Belgium. Tho journals of the Belgian colporteurs show, on every page, how fatally the spirit whicn tries to " live without God and without hope in the world," posboebob the heart and life of the working people. Tho educated olas6es, to whom the men have little acceBB, seem hardly better. They are, as a rule, utterly indifferent and eeaptioal. However, Mr. Kirkpatrick concludes : — The Bible, the knowledge of Christ, are doing their work. The godless, the drunkard, the profligate, are vanquished by the truth, made free, transformed, brought to a new existence, for which they joyfully bless and glorify God, they and their families. The conversions we witness, the number of which is always increasing, are leaa the passa'gefrom one religion to anoher than from unbelief to faith, from a life of Bin to a pure, happy, Christian life, abounding in the fruits of righteousness. Religious Life in Berlin. From Germany tho Superintendent writes : " The world's drama of the working out of social problems is seen in miniature in Germany ; it is a struggle between organised government and anarchy, Christianity and atheism, morality and libertinism." Berlin and suburbs, with two millions of population, form of themselves an immense colportage and hom9 mission field. The churches and pastors, with the agonts of the City Mission, are too few to meet tho spiritual requirements of the people or to mak pro vision for the immense annual influx of per- sons from the provinces. There are fewer outward evidences of poverty, demoralisation, and abject misery in the German capital than in London, hut thero is none the lesB a "darkest Germany," although the gloom may be less dense than it is in "daikest England," Rationalism has cast its withering blight on the religious life of the peoplo ; and social democracy, stronger than ever, is exercising its baneful influence in the spread of revolutionary principles, atheism and im morality. A recent report of tho Berlin Ci'y Mission states, among other things, that out of six densely populated streets in one of the suburbs, no more persons go to ohuroh than could find accommodation in the room of a small dwelling ; that of tho inmates of one large property with ninety families, only two women are Church goer6 ; of another with one hundred and forty families, only one family attends divine service. It goes with- out saying that colportage in suoh a sphere requires a more than usual amount of faith and fortitude. A Contrast, In Switzerland, where tho work is in the hands of the Swiss themselves, there is much to encourage, though much to pain " It is humiliating," says tho report of the Bible Union, "that the colporteur has fre quently to listen to more wickedness and con tempt of religion from Protestants than from Roman Catholics andUhlmann lamonts the harm done by such worthless Protestantism in Roman Catholic oantons. " Bab." said a Protestant to Uhlmapn on the Lake of Lucerne, " that book is not for ns ; we are Protestants." Against this Uhlmann puts the following : In a Calholio peasant's house where he was kindly received he was shown a Luther New Testament with the titie-page torn out. A son living abroad had sent it to his parents, with the recommendation to read it diligently. On the fly-leaf was written, Pa. cxix. 30 — " I have chosen the way of truth ; Thy judgments have I laid before me." It is clear that there are many earnest seekers after truth among the adhereuts of the Church of Rome who, when they come to know them, find delight in reading the Scrip tures. Good News for Italy. In Italy there may be spiritual darkness, but_at the same time there is a crying for the light. " We are thirsting," said Big. Villari, the author of the " Life of Savonarola," just before taking up his portfolio as Minister of Publio Instruction, " to believe, but what to bolieve we know not — Siamo avidi di credere, ma non sappiamo che cosa credere." Too Superintendent writeB I cannot but notice the remarkable and, to mo, completely unoxpoctod increase of circu lation, as far at least aa the total number of copies is concerned. Last year I had to deplore that, for the first time for many years, the upward movement of our Bales had stopped, and that there had boen a slight decrease in our circulation ; but 1890 has more than made up for this deficiency. Our total circulation for last year has risen to 153,770 copies, against 132,750 in 1889, being an increase of 21,020 copies. Compared to 1888, which had given us the highest total hitherto achieved (139,679 copies), 1890 still sorpaeasB any previous year by no less than 14,091 copies. In Darkest Spain. la Spain the oallook is blaok indeed : — Most assuredly there has been no national moveuaeut towards true religion and piety, no national experience of the need of reconcilia tion with God. Movement there has been, but away from the form of Christianity known as the Romish Church — au active propaganda of anti- Christian sects, au apparenly triumph ant refutation in the great free- thinking paper, in 170 and more chapters, of tho worn-out absurdities of the Bible, whioh form a hateful commentary on all that is holy — the only commentary as yet offared to the Spanish people on the Book of God. And to counteract this aotive propaganda ofovil, no voioe hag- been raised. The Romish Ohnroh has nob even shown any dosire, even if it haa the men, to meet the scoffer on hie own ground, and s® all over the country, to the number of thirty thousand eaoh week, have the destruQtiyar criticisms gone forth. And the experience and reports of tho colporteurs show that there are few or no religions where these have nofc penetrated, forming now an atmosphere and opinion hostile to the Bib'.e as fatal as the Romish opposition. Littlo brochures hava> been issued from time to time by the com mittee of the Tract Seoiety, but there has been no mature movement to counteract the misohief eff ooted by the Free Thinkors. Per haps it was impossible there should be. Tho form of evangelisation hitherto attempted did not address itself to the nation as each by the only moans by whioh it could be reaohed— » tho journalistic press — and so it haa been re duced to the narrow limits of local propaganda. The only general, or perhaps wa may bo allowed to call it national, agenoy has bsen„ and still is, the work of aho Bible Society, and to it perhaps may be reserved the honour of procuring, or at least provoking auoh a national movement. The Friendliness of the Greek Ohuroh. Russia may bo Darkest Russia, but tho facilities which the colporteurs there enjoy throw a ray of light on the gloom. " A sense af thankfulness to God," wo read, " is the ruling feeling on the mind as tho accounts of tho year are surveyed. From the frontier of Germany to the coasts of Kamtsoba'ka, from Archangel to Caspian, the colporteur is at work, and though be faces many a snowstorm, and braves many au icy blast as he passes, from village to village, yet, taken altogether, his succors has been very real." The attitudes of the Orthodox Church to tho Society's work is in notab'e contrast to that adopted by the Ohnroh of Rome in other countries. Reference was made in last report to tha now printing press on a large scale, opened by the Holy Synod in St. Petersburg, to tha opening of which your Agent was mosfr courteously invited. One result of the new printing establishment is that the Holy Synod will be able to meet orders much more rapidly and expeditiously than previously. Your Agent has again to record tho great readiness and courtesy with which applications on the part of the Sooiety are met and responded to. Our purohases from the Holy Synod daring 1890 have been 349 500 copies. Wherever the Greek Church flourishes, this- recognition of the Society is naturally bene ficial : — A priest took my part (writes a colporteur in Palestine), or rather that of the truth, when a number of priests, monks, uDd pilgrims werff gathered in the market-place, and evidently from their gestures and looks, not. of the kindeet, were discussing my work. The good1 man became aware of what they wore saying,/ and joined them, and spoke most earnestly ta them for some momente. He then called me to them, and taking up some of the bookat pointed out that they were indeed the Holy Scriptures, which hadbaen translated, printed, and authorised by tho Synod, and that they were acting against truth in denouncing them as bad. The effect was immediate. In a few minutes I had sold all the New Testaments, and given all the Gospels I had with me. Now, every one of tho pilgrims considered it 'his dnty to provide himaelf with acopyatthe recommendation of the olderly priest, just as he had felt bound to reject them when de nounced by the others. State of Mind in Japan. The success of the Bible women is perhaps- the most noteworthy feature of the work in- the Evst, which, generally speaking, is full of encouragement. The following sentences, however, somewhat upset accepted ideas : — The committee begins its work nnder cir cumstances of peculiar and unexpected diffi culty. The establishment of the Imperial Diet and the general interest in political matters oocupy the thoughts of the people to the full. Tho mind of ttie nation is in a fer ment. Nor ib this all. For many years the relations between Japanese and foreigners grew more and more friendly. At last all antipathy of race-saomad ready to vanish, away. Bat suddenly a Btron reaction set in. Tho feeling against foreigners and things foreign is acute. Suoh a condition of affairs is of necessity higby prejudicial to the sale of Christian books. How long it will con tinue no oue can tell, but until a ohange takes place thia and ail other forms of Ocristian work mnBt suffer. Tne committee deem it necessary not only to make this statement, but also to emphasise it. Ad astronomical clock for exhibition at thai Cuicago Exhibition haa been designed by Mr. R. B. Smith, of Sydney. 