Brother ardener on GhlioBstsB "It has cum to my knowl.dge," said Brother Gardner after the meeting had been opened in due form, " dat sartin members of dis Lime kiln Club amu trubbled wid seein' ghosts an' hearin' strangs nnises. I boh beo:a told dat Shindig Watkins has received three distinct warniu's die spring to prepare hieself fur do grave; dat Kurinel Citbiff can't sleep fur hearin' whispers at midnight, al' dat lilder Toots wakes up moan' hbery night an' sees a spook wid Jery eyes glarin' at him ober do fut o' his bed. I hov got a few woreds to say on die subjick of ghosts, an' I want do members o' dis club to lisson wid all deir might. " I am now sixty-one y'ars old, an' I reckon I her had as much experience- wid ghosts an' sich as any odder man of yo'. I used tobelieve in 'em. Dar was a time when I'd hev bet my mewl agin a peck of bells datghosts was a-plsyin' haseball under my bed obery night of do y'ar. I lay dar un'heard warin's lan' death tricks an' whispered voices, an' I got up in de mawuin' feelin' dat I was not loung fur dis world. Bimeby I began to figger, an' it wasn't a week befo' I solved do mystery. I made out about as fellers : "If yo' arm six weeks behind on yo'r house rent ye' will see a spook lookin' at yo' obur de footboard of doe bed. He's dar to inquar' what yo' am gwine to do about it. "If yo' has bin Ehootin' craps and lost do two dollars do ole woman had saved up to buy a pa'r o' shoes, yo'll h'ar ghostly footsteps all ober do cabin fur three nights rnulni'. Yo'll also h'ar from de ole woman dourin' de daiy. "If I had bin sorter welkin' around doorin' do day and had diskivered a hencoop which promised to pan out well do fust dark night, I should listen mighty hard when I got to bed. If I heard a death tick in do wall I should take it to mean dat I'd better let dcem twenty-two chickens alone, 'cause deir was a spring gaun jest inside de doal of do coop. If I dildnt h'ar de tick I reckon I'd chance it, though I'd go powerfulslow an' feel all around in de dark fur dat gun. "If a white man cums along in do mawnin' an' offers yo' a dollar fur a day's work, an' yo' stick fur a dollar an' a half an' continuer to eot on do fence 'cause he won't give it, yo'll go to bed dat night to h'ar strange whispers all around yo'. If yo'll liesen clusly yo'll make out dat yo' am bein' told yo'd better resign from dis club befor' yo' git do bounce ! "If Samuel Shin should borrow two dollars in cash of eao, which he can't possibly do, an' should fail to pay it back at do time agreed upon, he'd see ghosts at night. Day wouldn't be ghosts from the graveyard, but ghosts from his conscience. Dar am nuffin'real about it. .Yo've done euuthin' mean, an' yo' feel con science stricken ober it. No member of die club who keeps up his dues, pays his debts, an' tries to live hlke'a decent man need be afeared of spooks. ?o'll go to bed to sleep as sound as a brick. Spooks won't hey no use fur him. " From die time on I shall hey an eye out fur Brudders Watkins, Jones, Cabiff an' Toots, an' fur eich odder members of die club as may take toseein' aghostan' hearin' warnin's. Idoni say dat scia' a ghost will be considered sufllcient reason for expulsion, but it will go a long ways toward makin' me fool sartian dat sich pussons dean reflect no partickler credit on die club as it nashunal organizushun." Brother Jones arose antd tried to square him self by explaining that what he took to be the whispers of spirit voices turned out to be anothln g but the labored breathing of his brindled dog trunder the bed, and that hoe had so reported, but Brother Gardner rapped for order an' said: "Sot down, Bruddoe Jones! Dar am no queshun bufo' de house. Yo' hea heard what I had to say, an' I bops yo' will profit byit, same as doe rest. At de next meetin' I shitlll arranage wid Sir Isaac Walpole to move dot byelaw No. GGG be amended to read so dat any member seeia' a ghost or hein' whispered to at midnight by a spoerit shall stand accused de same as if he had busted into de museum an' stolen do sacred skull of Cicero." Why is it that death should come before the allotted age of "three score and ten," and why so many millions of human beings never live to see threeoo score and five, and why that not one in every thousand live t, three score years? We kill ourselves. Many iuterestine particulars are found in tables of pthyiologistl and writers on hygiene. The eminellont phy siologists, Haller and Buffon, present interest. ing particulars oi the subject of long-vity. They treat it in two ways, historical and physical. The historical side of the recitation ofall facts known of the naturally ordinary arnd extreme duration of life and the physical aspect of the problem involves the contempla tion of the areat natural phases of development of the species, digestion, period of growth and length of life. Mankind pays too little attention to the warning voice of nature, signs of approaching calamity are unheeded, the disorganisation of the aifected organ increases, and after a time becomes insensible, then no pain is felt, and the sufferer is deluded into the belief that he has shaken off the disease, nothing could be more erroneous or dangerous, for the complaint has only passed on one further stago towards the end, and nature ceases to send those warn. imff aches and pains as they wert. unnoticed when sent, the ltelility and weakness increases, however, and nervousness, loss of appetite and general langour comes on and a cold is caught In the kidneys, lungs or liver, and another life is sacrificed to Bright's dinease, Consumption or some other serious and fatal disease. Scoffers can talk as they like at the virtues claimed for Clementa Tonic, but even the most prejudiced men know it is genuine and does posses merits no other medicine ever did, as instanced in the following case :-For the pastfour years I have been a great sufferer frolt severe pains in the back and left aide, being at times quite unable to do any work or even walk ,bout. I suffered in this way until it became quite unbearable and i t February, 1889, I consulted a physician who trcated me for seventeen months, and during thattime I suffered the severest torture under his treatment, and instead of improving, con tinued to get worse, he said at last. " I have doneall I can and you will never be better." This drove me to despair and I went under another doctor's treatment for four months and tookabout thirty bottles of medicine, but with no result. I was giving up all hopes wboea I read of the wonderful cures effected by Clements Tonic, and on my husband's advice tried it, and after the use of only three bottles I was quite a different woman. I have taken flfteen bottles, and feel as well and strong as ever, and can do my work with ease and pleasure, whlereas it was a great troluble hofore using Clements Tonic; I can now walk for miles without fatigue. Before taking this medicine I had often sufferl wsith neuralgia for weeks at a tinme and could never get any relief, but since taking Clemenets Tonic I have never i had an attack of it since. As a result of my I experience I have much pleasuroeinrecommend. I ing it to all aflicted. Mrs S. E. Baker, Swan street, Morpeth, N.S.WV. Reader I-Is it any a wonder interested people should be jealous of I Clemente Tonic when its patrons write such I spontaneous praise as that ? yet there is not a 1 mail beg comes our war but what brings us 1 similar letters. F. M1. Clements, 212 a'IBeckott street, Mlelbourne. 