? MR. STEAD'S GHOSTS. The Christmas number of the Review of -Reviews is sure to have an immense circulation. It contains many uncanny stories and descriptions of Ghosts of all kinds. At the very commencement it ?'gives a ''solemn* caution'- to' the reader. The caution is to the effect that the. nar- ratives contained between its ghostly covers, had better nob be read by 'any- one of tender years, of morbid sensi bility, or of excessively nervous tem perament.' And we are moreover ad vised, that all experimenting in hypno tism, spiritualism, etc., had much better be avoided, except by the most level headed persons, and then, even by them in the 'most careful and reverent spirit.' Mr. Stead understands human ? nature prettyxwell, he knows how to ex cite curiosity ; and, in the important matters of advertising, and getting up attractive wares, he may be regarded as a literary expert, and dux of the whole school. As for any good or use ful purposes that may be served by the publication of his real ghost stories, that is a question of secondary import, ance. If such purposes exist at all, we fail to see them. We are outside the sacred pale of Theosophists, and totally ignorant as to whether we have astral bodies or not ; and perhaps that may account for our barbarism, in supposing that the chief end of this famous Christmas production will be to excite, in weak and foolish minds, a mor bid curiosity in relation .to sup posed supernatural apparitions, which is destitute of any practical good what ever. As for photographing ghosts, the picture on the cover, representing a man with a camera, and a woman in white, strongly reminds us of the sensa ? _ — . . - ! tion of raising a ghost, which was so !?? popular at the Polytechnic a few years [? ago, and where the spectral illusion was i so complete, that the spectators were ? supposed to take a false shadow for a | true substance. j The first few chapters of the review deal for the most part with what is variously called ' a double,' ' a thought ; body,' and an 'astral body.' These chapters go very much on the lines o^ theosophy ; for Madame Blavatsky laid | claim to an ? astral body, and Mrs. | Besant was one of the authorities whom ; Mr. Stead consulted on this subject. Her definition of what an astral body really is, is certainly characteristic of \ 'the celebrated lady, who is now the j high priestess of that particular cult, s She says that there are several astrals, i -each with its own characteristics. We /are gravely informed that ' The lowest j astral body taken in itself is without ?concience, will, or intelligence. It exists as a mere shadowy phantasm only I -as long as the material body lasts.' j Then the mummies in ? the Museum ? ' ' No doubt a clairvoyant could see their astrals keeping silent watch by the -dead. As the body decays, so the astral i fades away.' ' But that implies the possibility of a decaying ghost 1 ' ' Certainly, an old friend of mine, a lady who bears a well-known name, w;is : once h aunted f o r month s by an astral . She was a strong-minded girl, and she didn't mind. But it was rather ghastly when the astral began to decay. As the ?corpse decomposed, the astral shrank, until at last, to her great relief, it en tirely disappeared.' Such, then, is the1 . astral body of the Theosopliists ; but what sane man can believe such rubbish (? Jb -is true, that some poor girl- with- a crank of insanity in her nature, might suppose that she saw a decaying ghost, and ghosts are very apt to decay just ?when they are most wanted. We can well understand that. Some couple of: years ago, the writer— when in a feverish state— saw as plainly as ever he saw .anything in his life, shadowy and gro tesque forms haunting his bed. There was one so seemingly real, that I wanted to take a mental photograph of him, so that I might describe every particular ?of his appearance. But it was extremely vexing, that just at that particular moment, when his photograph was wanted, he vanished. He would come again, but if you wanted him to stop for his photograph, he was sure to dis appear. It was most tantalising, but ?Mi\ Stead's astrals seem to have a similar knack. At best, they are evan escent, and just when when you think you have them, they vanish into empty I space. But ghosts are provoking crea tures, and they are always tantalising. 