The housekeeper was puzzled and by no means comfortable. Whether it existed in her fancy only or not she could not tell, but there seemed a general atmosphere of dis comfort and unpleasantness about the house now. It might be that Nellie was showing a curious interest in this strange young woman, and exalting her to a position that made her servants jealous. One cause of the odd position into which Esther Morton had suddenly jumped was the illness of Nellie's maid, Wilson, an illness which dated from the:very evening of the sewing woman's arrival. She could not tell what ailed her, she.said j she felt every now and then as it. she were dying, and her pale face and nerve less limbs amply attested the truth ot her assertion. Nellie was indulgent and generous to her servants; and she let this strange little girl taking Wilson's place a good deal, finding that among her. other aitomplishments she could dress hair very nicely. Neville Delamere expostulated with heron what he .considered her folly, but she answered him inas she..had aniswered anyone else,' that he wis prejudiced.. S'Do let the poor thing alone,' she said. 'she has never hurt you,' " ' And I don't want to hurt her, but I dop't think you are wise in trusting her soimuch.'. ' I doh't'trust her.' 'Yes..you do, you leave your keys about, and that poor devil of a Wilson is not fit to look after anything. By the way wlhat is the matter with her? She looks as if she was dying. . - .. , . . . .. dyidon't lino0, Mr. Leicester thinkls it is debility. I am very thankful that I have Esther Moion in her olace. 'YIam 'tioi, I feel sure mischief will come of it. ' 'Why?' 'I don't know wbhy. That's:just it. By the way is that estimable young person afraid of me?' .:"i: SAfraid of you. Why should.she be?' ' I don't kn?tno; but she avoids' me mot religiously. , Isuppose she is conscioius that I want to see her face and is determined I shan't.' ': . ' And very proper too, sir; she dIes not want to be stared at. Let her alone.' Neville Delamere--had- no intention of letting Nellie's new pet, as 'he ~calle?d her, alone, and lie watched his opportunity and pounced upon her one day when she could make no escape. Again she turned her head away and hid her face. 'Nonsense,' he said, taking hold dt her by the arm. 'Let me look at you, my dear; pretty-girls are not generally so -hy of me.' She turned her head and looked him full in the face. He stared at her as if he had seen a ghost, and recoiled as if she had given him a blow. 'Great Heaven !' he excliimed, in a choking voice. 'You ?' 'Yes, Mr. Delamere, are you satisfied ?': 'What are you doing here ? :: 'That is my business,' she replied, with a bitter smile curling on- her lips---, I am not going tIo tell you.'. Mrs. Downing meeting Mir. Delamere as he came away from ihat int~erview asked him if he were ill. His face wa;,s .the face of a man who has had sonme -awful shock, ·le looked as if be bad seen a.ghost, the good lady said; and indeed he did; CIHAPTER XIV. .. WITH a cold, pitiless smile, almost mockiing in its character, Esther Morton stood witbosit stirring a muscle of face orlimb,' and looked dowin calmly'ujon'th'e pertutirbed features of Neville Delamere ais he sat gazing at her with a species of fascination that rendered him speechless for 'the moment, 'unable to form the question that trembled on his lips. 'You look surprised,' she said.' 'You hardly expected to see me here, is that it s' "' Nb, indeed,' he gasped, rather than spoke. 'How did. youcome to. this House? In Heaven's' name, what brought yodu to such a pass ?' ' Perbaps you .womhld have ijrefeired to have me starve,'ahe'aid; quietly. 'Starve? ?' ' Esther Mortdn shrugged her shoulders. ' I have been very-near it, I assure you,'. she answered. 'What was I to do? :Accept my fate or tkile whatever offered ? I preferred the latter alternative, and chance, .fortune, call it what you will, brings me under the sanie. roof with you.'. . 'Youl are shre"it wgs'chanc'e'?'said Neville Delamere, in a suspicioustone. 'You did not know that you would find me bere ?' 'Who"was' to- tell me?' '-asked --Esther Morton, . with the same imperturbable air, ' and without being told, how was it possible for me to imagine that the Mrl. Delamere whom I heard spoken of as .the affiasced husband of the' rich. heiress of Milverstone Grange' could:have any. connection with that Neville Delamere who wooed a lonely girl with soft words' and'false vows till she--wlo never trustedi maan befo6???-w-isibef6oled into trusting her heart to tbe keeping of a man without either honour or remorse, a man whio left her with no word of'explanation, not even a line of regiet' or farewell. Bab !' replied Neville Delamere, sneer ingly, for he had recovered some of his usual self.5possession. What purpose woiild that have answered ?' .. :": . ' It might have spared me spo?ei??ts or at least suspense,' she answered, bitterly . ' Bit I suppose you.never tiought of what I might endure..'' iI don't know what .i thoiught,4 Neville returned,'in moody accents. ' I-I'was ?a coward, maybe, .' not o toell you the truth, that I was forced to go' . 'Forced?' .' i;Yes. What: else could I::do0? Remain and marry you,' wbho 'was: even poorer t~ian myself? It smould hai?e bden folly;: madness I I was wrong, sel!fishly wrong, I admit, tio s?peak of love'- to-: you when I knew it to be hdpeles-, but'Ildid not mean-: "D'idsidt sheari', Esiier'Mortbr'"repeated in scornful acceintsi?i.W hatever you meant you'could .t leastj and"'you"?would if theire bad been one sipark :f. minhboo'd s.in your breast, have toldsmea se must, part,' asd'not leave m'e as you did without a bingle word to relieve the' fears"I w's fool enoilgh io' enter tgin,'tth-it some evil had befallen you,' 'What can I say iore than that .I was in fault, grievously in :fault ?' pleaded Neville Delamere, who was indeed generally .ready enough to: admitl his shortcominiigs idnisch fashion, and even bad a firm belief that in so doing beatobined amply for hiis sins, or at least made such amendsas-any reasonable being could expect. * Still I was; not quiie heartless. Ifi actintg asI. did ,I thought it for the best.' ' ' ' """ 'The best. for"yoisrself,'. ni "'di?ubt,' re torted Esther, withi a scornfu'curl of her lip. 'But you may spare yourself any further excuses, Mr. Delamere, .I have no desire to hold any other communicatiori with you than is forced upon me biy the fadt: that ybu' are going to niariy the lady who is my mistress.' 'Ah !. how can you speak so calmly of it 7?' said Mr.' Delamere in vexed tones .' Surely you canndt think of remaining :in such a position?' ' I not only tliik of doing so, but.must,' Esther emphaticallyl replied.? What other resource have I ?' ro Ce coITiHUED' 