" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" Now which is the tomato have flapped. life for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waits on appetite and health on both, that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. but most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. that for out folk will answer this question dif recently, yet the common at one of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation HOP, a hungry man is a healthy man i whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of '' alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat. ' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, er did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on If the latter, why ? Let still clear the mystery himself. ,- J He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel my - self. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the police, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the eli, et and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sensation " at his heart, as though it were touched which some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "Idreaded," he says. " the thought of eating and many a scanty meal have I made for I was afraid to eat, , " After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and, this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep, . What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves., and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this farm of illness is always fall of ghosts and. goblins, the creatures of a restless and (ungoverned imagination. , . , ' "With great difficulty," heavy, "I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending ran So struggled on, but what I suffered for over two joan is past my powers of description. I nature no one has suffered in much at I have done. in the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain it one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain, There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only We don't happen to come in touch with them.'' v ' ' , , " i Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment bad - left him where it found him he chanced to land in a l^gstsffs/ft WoorJ.erford. and after 'using it continta'Jtte ailment le# mp acid" has J never returned 'hope that fortunate day. 11 should like the whole world to Raöw what r 