, IN ADA, THE LILY. By H. B,ID£R, HÀQGASB, I COPYRIGHT, 1S91, nv H. EIDER HAGGARD. [ALI. BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXYI.-COSTISUKD. Kow, when the soldiers had eaten abun- dantly-, of the Btoro of the Halakazi, and guards had been sent to ward the cattle and .watch against surprise, Umslopogaas spoke long with Nada the Lily, taking lier apart, and he told her nil bis story. She told liiui also all the tale that you know, uiy father, of how Bbe bad lived with the little people that were subject to tho Halakazi, she aud her mother Macropba, and how tho fame of her beauty bnd spread about the land. Then abe told bim of how tho Halakazi had claimed her, and of how, in the end, they had tnkeu her by forco of arms, killing tho people of tliat kraal, and among them her own mother. Thereafter, she had dwelt among tho Hala- kazi, who named her anew, calling her tho Lily, and they had treated her kindly, giving Ser reverence because of her sweetness and ?beauty, and not forcing ber into marriage. ' "And why would you not wed, Nada my sister,' asked Umslopogaas, "you who ave far past tho ago of marriage ? ', " Nay, I no not know," 6ho answerod, hanging her hoad j ' but I have no heart that way. I only seek to bo left alone.' ? Now Umslopogaas thought awhile nnd spoke. 'Do you not know then, Nada, why it-is that I have made this war, and why tho people of Halakazi nro dead and scattered, and their cattle tho prize of my arm ? I will tell you : I am como here to win you, whom I know only hy report as tho' Lily maid, tho fairest ot women, to be a wife to Dingaan. The reason that I began this war was to win you and make my peace with Dingaan, and now I have carried it through to the end.' " Now, when she heard these words, Nada tho Lily trembled and wept, and sinking to the earth, she clasped the knees of Umslo- pogaas in supplication : 'Oh, do not this c'ruelthing by mo, your sister,' she prayed ; ' take rather that great axe and make an end of me, and of tho beauty which bas wrought BO much woe, and uiost of all to nie who wear.it! Would that 1 had not moved my bead behind the shield, but had suffered tho axe to fall upon it, To this end I am dressed as a man, that I might meet the fate of a man. Ah! a curse be on my -woman's weakness that snatched mo from death to give mo up to shanie !' ' Thus she prayed Umslopogaas in her low sweet voice, and his heart was shaken in him, though, indeed, ho did uotnow purpose to give Nada to Dingaan, as Baleka was given to Chaka, perchance in tho end to meet tho falo of lialeka. 'Thero are many, Nada,' he said, ' who would think it no misfortuno that they Bhould he given as a wifo to tho first of chiefs.' . ' Then I am uot of their number,' sho auswercd; 1 nay, I will die first, by my own hand if need bc' Now,*Uaislopogaas wondered bow it came about that Nada looked on marriage thus, but be did not speak of the matter j ho said only, "Tell mo then, Nada, how I can deliver myself of this charge. I must go to Dingaan as I promised our father Mopo, and what shall I say to Dingaan when ho asks for tho Lily whom I went out to pluck and whom his heart desires ? "What shall I say to save myself alivo from the wrath of Dingaan f ' \- Thon Nada thought and answored, ' You shall say this my brother. You shall tell bim that tho Lily, being clothed in the war- dress of a warrior, fell by chance in the fray. : See, now, none of your people know that you have found nie ; they aro thinking of other things than maids in tho.hour of their victory. This, then, is my plan; we will search now by the starlight till we find the body of a fair maid, for, doubtless, Romo were killed by hazard in tho fight, and on her we will sot a warrior's dress, and lay by her tho corpse of ono of your own men. To-morrow, at tho light, you sholl take tho captains and your soldiers and, having laid the body of tho girl in the dark of tho cave, you shall BIIOW it to them hurriedly, and tell them that this was the Lily, slain by one of your owu people, whom . in your wrath you slew also. They will not look Jong on so common a sight, and if by hazard they seo the maid, and think her not so very fair, they will deem that it is death which bas robbed her of her comliness. So the tale which. you must tell to Dingaan shall bo built up.firmly, and Dingaan shall believe it ip,be,true.' , "'And how shall this be, Nada?' asked TJmslopogaas. 'How shall this bo when mon see you among tho captives and know you by your beauty ? Are there, then, two such Lilies in tho land ?' 'I shall not be known, for I shall not be seen, Umslopogaas. You must set mo fr<;o to-night^' I will wander' hence disguised as a youtlirBud. covered with a blanket, and if any meet me, who shall say that I am the Lily?.' ., ' And where will you wander, Nada ? To your death. Must we, then, meet after so many years to part again for over?' ' Whero was it that you said you lived, my brother ? "Beneath the shade of a Ghost Mountain, that men may know by tho shape of stono which is fashioned like an old woman frozen into stone, was it not? Tell ino of the road thither.' uSo Umslopogaas told her tho road, and she listened silently. 'Good,'she said. 'lam strong and my feet are swift; perhaps they may st-rro to bring me so far, and perhaps, if I win tho shadow of tbat'mountain, you will lind me a hut to ludo in, Umslopogaas, my brother.' \--'Surely it will be so, my sister,' answered Umslopogaas, ' and yet tho way is long nud many dangers lie in the path of a maid journeying alone, without food or shelter,' and as bo spoke Umslopogaas thought of Zinita,- his wife, for ho guessed that she would not love Nada, although she was only bis sister. ,', 'j' Still it must bo travelled, and the dangers must. bo brayed,' sho answered, smiling. '-Alas ! there is no other way.' VThen Umslopogaas summoned Gnlazi the Wolf and told him nil this story, for Galazi was: the i only man whom ho could trust. The Wolf listened in silence, marvelling the while at tho beauty of Nada, as the starlight Bhowed it. When overythiug was told, be said only: that ho no longer wondered that tho'pooplo.pf tho Halakazi had defied Din: guan and .brought doath upon themselves for ..the sake of this maid. Still, to bo plain, his heart thought ill of tho matter, for death ,wos ,not done with yet ; there before Jthôm shone the Star of Death, and. ho pointed to Ahe .Lily!:- '.' . . /".'; ? 'J , 'omen,* tho Slaughterer grew angry, but .Galazi would neither add to them nor toke OM ,i xfuy ' ?->?;?" .«-.-':. ...Vf» it;g4 s:V:'>: : i away from them. 'I havo spoken' tba which my heart hears,' he answered. Then they roso sud went to search arnon; the dead for n girl who would suit thei: purpose. Soon they found one, a tall one fair maiden, and Galazi boro her in his anni to the great cavo. Hero in the cave wen nono but the dead, nud, tossed hither am thither in their last sleep, they looked nwfu in tho glare of the torches. ' They sleep sound,' said tho Lily, gnzitif on them ;'rest is Bweet.' ' Wo shnll soon win it, maiden,' answerer Galazi, and again Nada trembled. Thon, having arrayed.her in tho dress of i warrior, and put a shield and a spear by her they laid down tho body of tho girl in a dari place in the cave, and, finding n dead warrioi of tho People of the Aie, placed him besid< her. JSOW they left the caye, and, pretend ing that they visited tho sentries, Umalopo gaas and Galnzi passed from spot to Bpot while the Lily walked after them like f guard, hiding lier face with a shield, ant holding a spear iu her hand, and having witl her a bag of corn and dried flesh. So they passed on, till at length they came to the entrance in the mountain sido. Tht stones that had blocked it were pulled dowr so as to allow those of the Hulakazi to fl) who had been spared at tho entreaty of Nada but there nero guards by tho entrance to watci: that nono came back. Umslopognas chai lenged them, and thoy saluted them, but ht saw that they were worn out with battle nnd journeying, and know Utile of what they saw or said. Then he, Galnzi and Nads passed.through the opening on to thc plnir. beyond. 1 Here tho Slaughterer and the Lily bade each other farewell, while Galnzi watched, and presently tho "Wolf -saw TJmslopogaas return as ono who is heavy at heart, anc caught sight of tho Lily Bkiuimiug across tlu plain lightly like n Bwallow..; .: ' I do not know when we two shall meei again,' said TJmslopogaas so soon as sho had melted into the shadows of tho night. 'May you never meet,' answered Galnzi, .' for I. am sure that if you meet that sistei ot yours will bring death on yoi moro thar those who now lió low''because'bf her loveli- ness. She is n star of death, and when she sets, the Bky shall bo blood red.' TJmslopognas did not answer, but walked slowly through the archway in tho mountain side. - . i i; .-;: ?'!/>'! ;-: '?.;?'.". 'How is this, Chief ?' said he who was captain of the guard.. .' Three .went out but two return.' . ? ??.>,..<: -.i ' Pool !' answered TJmslopogaas. ' Arc you drunk with Ilnlakuzi beor, or. blind with sleep ? Two went out, and two return. ] sent, bim who was with us bnck to the camp.' '.So be it, father,' said tho captain. ' 'Two went out, and two return. All is well.' CHAPTER XX.V11-TUB STAMPISO OP THU KIRK Ox the morrow tho impj awoko; refreshed with Bleep, and, af tor- they ' had ? eaten, TJiuslopogiina mustored thom. Alas ! nigh upon a half of 'thoso who had seen the BUU of yesterday would'wake no- more for over. The Slaughterer mustered them and thanked them for that which they lind done, winning famo aud cattle. They were merry, recking little of thoso who were cloud, nnd sang bia praises and "the praises' of'Galnz! in a loud Bong. When tho song was ended, TJmslo- pogaas spoke to thom again, saying that the victory wns great, nntl tho cattlo they had Won was countless. Tot something was lacking-sbeiwns lackiug¿,whpm ho came to seek to bo a gift to Diugnnn tho king, and for-Whose sake this war was made. Where now was the Lily ? h Yesterday sho had beon hore, clad in'a'mboclia like a man and benriug a shield ; this ho knew , from the captives. Where, then, was sho now ? Then nil the soldiers said that they had seen nothing: of. her..; AV hen they had done Galazi spoke a word, as wns agreed between him and Umslopognas. Ho said that when they stormed tho cavo ho had seen n man run at a wnrrior in the cave to kill him. Then as ho came, he, who wns about to bo slain, threw down the shield and.\\!crîe'd for mercy, and Galnzi.knew that ibis'wns'no warrior of the Halnkazi, but a.yery beauti- ful girl. So he,called 'to the man to let her alone and not to. touch ; her, ' for/tho order was that nd women should* bo killed.' But the soldier,-being mad- with, tho lust of fight, shouted that maid or man she should die, and slew hor.. .Thereon, he--Galazi in bis wrath ran up and,smote the man with the Watcher and killed him also, and he prnyed.thnt ho had done no wrong. 'You have done well,-my brother,' said TJmslopogaas. . ' Come now, some of. you, | and let us look nt this dead girl.' Perhaps it is tho Lily, and if so that is unlucky for us1, for I do not know what tale we shall tell to Dingaan of'the matter.' '*'.'.' So the captains weht'with TJmslopogaas and Galazi, and enmo to the spot where the girl had beén¡ laidland by her the man of tho People of tho Axe. , ., 'AU"is ns*tho Wolf, my brother, has^ told,' said TJmslopogaas, waving .the torch in his hand; over the two who,lay dead. ' Here, without a doubt, liés èhe, who was named the Lily, whom wo came to win, and by her that fool who slew her, slain himself by the blow of tho Watcher. An ill sight to seo, arid an ill tale for mo to tell at the kraal of Dingaan. Still, what .-is ia, .and cannot be altered ; and this maid who.was the fairest of the fair is now none too lovely to look on. Let ns away !' and he turned swiftly, then spoke again, saying- . ' ' -' ; ' Bind up this dead girl in ox hides, cover her with salt, and let her be brought with us.1' And they did so.'..-'J Then the enptnins' said : ' Surely it is so, my'father ; now it cannot be altered, and Dingnnn must miss'his bride.'.So said they nil except thnt irinn who lind been captain of the gunrd when TJmslopogaas and Galnzi nnd nnother pnssed through -tho archway. This man, indeed, said nothing, yot he waa not without bia thoughts.. Por it seemed to him that ho had seen three pass through the archway, and '.not two. It soemed to him, moreover, that the'kaross which the third wore had slipped aside as she pressed past him, and thntibenenth . it he had seen the Bhape'of a beautiful .w'omVin, and above it he.had caught tho glint of a woman's eye an eye full and dark, like a huck's, Also, ? thia captain noted, that: Bulalio, cnlled none of tho -cnptiveS' to swenr to the body of tlio Lily maid,'and that he'shook tho torch to and fro a's ho hold it over hor he whoao hand wnB of the stendieat. All of this he kept in^^his mirid/fprg'ettiug nothingi îsow it chanced afterwards, ori: the home- ward marchi my father,' ; that '.TJmslopogaas had- cause-to ¡speak! sharply >to< this ;man¡ because, he .strove- to;,robianother. -of fife sharo' of -Hbo^spoil of the" Halakazi., He" sppko, sharply, to, bi>m,i,'degrading'liiim;'from his" rañk'í-a'nd-'_ setting"- another-oyer-him. Also he toqk'c'attle from .the man; and give tb é m. í ó, Wm' who m;h^wo^d^á¿o.^hhpdj¡ i{ Ánd^'íthereafter;'!though", he wos.íjusüy, Becved, this man^ thought-more and mpre^of tal f'-.-'o Mt'-Shsa c!C-S «n» Jj-ioU E'ssiï^loHd.». ' the third who had "passed["'through the arch of the cave nod had not returned, and who seemed to him to have a fair woman's shape, and ejes which gleamed like those of a woman. On that day, then Umslopogaas began his march to tho kraal TJmgugundhlovu, where Dingaan sat. But before hu set his face homewards, in tho presence of the soldier*, he asked Galazi the Wolf if ho would come back with him, or if bo would slay to be chief of the Halakazi, as ha was by right of birth and war. Then the Wolf laughed, and answered that ho had come out to seek for vengeance, and not for tho place of a chief, also that thero were few of the Halakazi people left over whom he might rulo if ho wished. Moreover, he added this: that, like twin treoa, they two blood brethren had grown up side by side till their roots wero matted together, and that, were one of them dug up and planted in Swazi soil, he feared lest both should wither, or, at tho least, that ho, Gnlazi, should wither, who loved but ono man and certain wolves. So Umslopogaas said no moro of the chieftainship, but began his journey. - "With him ho brought a groat number of cattle, to be a gift for Dingaan, and a multitude of captives, young women and children, for he would appease tho heart of Dingaan, because ho did not bring her whom he sought-the Lily, flower of (lowers. Yet, because he was cautious and put littlo faith in the kindness of kings, Umslopogaas, so soon as he reached tho borders of Zululand, sent the best of tho cattlo and tho fairest of ; the maids and children on to tho kraal of the Axo by tho Ghost Mountain. And he who had been captain of tho guard but now was a common soldier noticed this also. Now, it chanced that on a certain morn- ing that T, Mopo, sat in the kraal Umgu gundhlovu in attendance on Dingaan. "Fdr still I waited on tho king, though he had spoken no word tb nie, good or bad, BÎncc tho yesterday, when I foretold to him that in tho blood of tho. white man whom he had betrayed grew tho' flower of his own death. For, my father, it was on the morrow of the slaying of tho Amaboona that Umslopognas carno to the kraal TJmgugundhlovu. Now,-the;?mind,.of Dingaan was heavy, and ,be.sought,something .to lighten it. Presently he .bethought him of the white praying man who had como to the kraal seeking to teach us people of the Zulu to worship other gods than the assegai and the king. Now,.this was a goodman, but no luck wont with his teaching, which was hard to understand j and, moreover, the indunasdid not like it, because it seemed to set a master over the master, and a king over the king, and to'preach of peace to those whose trade was war. Still, Dingaan sent for the white man that he might dispute with him, for Dingaan thought that he himself was the cleverest of all men. Now, the white man carno, but his face was pale, because of that which he had seen befall the Boers, for he was gentle, and bated such sights. Tho king bade bim be seated, and spoke to him saying-; , 'The other day, O "White Man, thou toldest mo of a place of fire whither those go after death who have dono wickedly in life. Tell mo now of thy wisdom,' Do my fathers lie in that place ?' ,, ; 'How can I know, King,' answered the prayer-doctor, .' who may not judgethe deeds of men ? This: I, say only : that those who murder and rob and oppress tho innocent, and bear falao witness shall lie in that place of fire.' , ; ..: ;: ,;' " .' It seems that my fathers have done all theso things, and if they aro in this pince I would go there also, for I am minded to be with my fathers to the last. Yet I-think that I should find a way to escapo from this place if ever I came there.' .How, King?' ? Now, Dingaan had set this trap for the prayer-doctor. In the centre of that great open spaco where he had caused the Boers to befallen upon ho hhd -built lip a great pyre of wood-brushwood beneath, and on tho top of the brushwood logs, and even whole trees. Perhaps, my father, thero were sixty full wagon- loads of dry wood, .piled together there in tho centre of tho place. 'Thou shalt seo with thine eyes,'"White Man,' he answered, and bidding attendants set fire to tho pile all round, he summoned that regiment of young mon which was left in the kraal. Maybe thero were a thousand and half a thousand ef them-not more the same that had slain tho Boers. : Now the fire began to .burn fiercely, and the regiment filed in and took its pince in ranks. By tho time that all had come, the pyre .'was a sheet pf raging .flame, and, thoughv,we sot a hundred paces from it, its heat wns .great when the wind turned our way. 'Now,, Doctor , of Prayors, is thy place hotter than yonder fire ?' said the king. ? Ho answered that he "did not know, but tho fire was certainly hot. - ; . .'Then I will show.thee how I will come out of it if ever I go'1 to'lie in such a fire -ay, though it be ten times as big and fierce. Ho ! my children !' he cried to the soldiers, and springing up.; î ' You see yonder fire. Hun swiftly and stamp .it-flat ¿with, your feet. "Where thero was fire let there be blackness and ashes. ,... . x¡T Now the "White Man lifted his hands and prayed Dingaan not .to do this thing- that should bo the death of ¡many,<but the king bade him be silent. : Then he turned, his ey es u p ward s and, pray od to his * gods. ' * Por a moment also the soldiers looked on each other in doubt, for tho fire- roged; furiously/' and spouts of flame shot high towards ¡the heaven, and above,it .and about it the hot air danced. But their captain called to them loudly : '.Great is the kiug! Hear tho words'.of tho.king, who honours youl Yestorday we ate up thc Amaboona-it was nothing. There is a foe moro worthy of our' valour.' Come, my children, let us wash us in tho fire--wo who are fiercer than the fire: Great is the king who honours us !', * ' Thus he spoke nnd ran forward, and, with n roar, after him sprang tho soldiers, rank by rank. They were brave men -indeed ; moreover, they knew that if death lay before them death also awaited him who lagged behind, and-it is . far better to ,die with honour than ashamed. On they 'went, as to tho joy of the battle, their captain leading them, and as they went they sang tho Ingomo, the war-chant"of the Zulú". Now the captain neared-tho ragingj fire ;~we'saw him lift his Bhield to. keep'-off its heat. Then he was gone-ho badi sprung into the heart of tho fire, »arid'but little of-him' waa ever found, again. "'After him'weht' the first company. In. they ',wenr,¡¡be.ati.bg .at.the; flames,, with their ox-bide shields, stamping them /out, with "their; .naked,'feet,' tearing down "tho burning logs"'andiRoasting them" aside. . Not one.of', that '/company lived, my fatbei' ¡"they'-"feU- down-:liko"moths'"Which" flutter--through ¡a- bandle, nnd where they} fell., they. perÍBked..7~But after, themL.carnV other.cbm m tbis'fight wtíb'werb last td* grapple with the foe. ; Now a great smoke was mixed with the Aime, now the flame grewless and less, and the smoke more and moro ; and now blackened men, hairless, naked, and blistered, white with the scorching of the fire, staggered out on the farther side of the flames, falling to earth here and there. After them came others ; now there was no flame, only a great smoke in which men moved dimly ; and now, my father, it was done : they had conquered the fire, and that with but very little hurt to the laBt seven companies, though every man bad trodden it. How many perished ?-nay, I know not, they were never counted ; but what between the dead ' and the injured that regiment was at half strength till the king drafted more men into it. 'Seo, Doctor of Prayers,' said Dingaan, with a laugh, ' thus shall I escape the fires of that land of which thou teilest, if such there.be indeed : 1 will bid ray impis stamp them out.' .. Then the praying man went from the kraal, saying that he would teach no more among the Zulus, and afterwards he loft the land. "When ho had gone the burnt wood and the dead were cleared away, the injured were. doctored or killed according to their hurts, and those who bud little harm came before the king and praised him. ' New _ shields ano headdresses' must bo found.fór you, my children,'said: Dingaan, for the shields wera black and < shrivelled, and of heads of hair-and plumes there were but few:left amobg' that regiment^; ' T "' Wow !'. said Diugaan again, looking', at the soldiers who still lived : 1 shaving will be easy, and, cheap in that place of fire of , which the white man speaks.' .? ':. ;: ; ' 1 Then "he ordered beer to be brought for the men, for the heat of the fire had made them thirsty. ; Now, though you may not guess it, my father, I have told you this tale because it has' something to do with my story ; for scarcely had the matter been ended when messengers came, saying that Bulalio, chief of the People of the Axe, and his impi were without, having returned with 'much spoil' from the slaying of tho Halakazi in Swazi- land. Now, when I heard thia my heart leaped for joy, seeing that I had feared greatly for the fate of TJmslogogaas my fosterling., Dingaan also was very glad, and, springing up, .danced to and fro like a child. :'Now at last we have good tidings,'he said, at once forgetting the stamping of the fire,' 'and ¡now shall my eyes behold that Lily whom- my hand has longed tb pluck. ; Let Bulalio and his people enter swiftly.' - . ! ; "Foí.a while there was silence, then from far away, without tho high fence of tho. great place, there came a sound of singing, and through'the gates of the kraal rushed two gr^at men wearing block plumes upon their heads, having black shields in their left hands, and in their right, one an axe and one a club ; -while about their shoulders were bound wolf-skins. They ran low, neek and neck, with.'outstretched- shields and beads held forward, as a buck runs when he is hard pressed by dogs, and no such run- ning had been seen in the kraal TJmgugun- dhlovu as the running of the Wolf-Brethron. Half across the space they ran, and halted suddenly, and, as they halted, the dead ashes of the tire flew up before the fire in a little cloud li ' By my 'head ! look, these come, nrmed before me 1' said Dingaan, frowning, 1 and to do this is death. Now, say who is that man, great and fierce,who bears- an axe aloft ? Did I not know' him dead I should say it was the Black One, my brother, as be was in the days of the smiting of Zwide : so was his head set on bis shoulders, and so he was wont to look round, like a lion,!, ' ,'I think that is Bulalio the Slaughterer, chief of the People of tho Axe, Ö King,' 1 answered. ? ; ' v ; 'And who is the other with;him?. He is a great man also. Never have I seen stich !,' . ,' I .'think that is Galazi the ."Wolf, who is blood-brother to 1 the Slaughterer,- und - his general,' I said again.' - ' ii.' ' ; '. ', Now, after theso two carno the. soldiers ;of, the ,People of the Axe, armed, with short' sticks alone. "Pour by four they came, all holding their, heads -low, -and- with black shields outstretched, and formed themselves into companies behind the "Wolf-Brethren, till all were, there. Then," after, them, the crowd of the Halakazi-'captives were drawn in-women, boys, and, maids, a great uumber \--and they stood behind the ranks huddled together like frightened calves. ! 'A gallant sight, truly 1' said Dingaan, . as: he ( looked upon the companies of black-: plumed and -shielded., warriors." .' I have no better'.soldiers in . my impis, .aud yet my eyes behold them now for tho first time,' and rtgoin he frowned.1 ?-? -.'./ '' 'l ' ' : j Now,', suddenly Umslopogaas lifted bis axe. and "started forward at full speed, and after," hi m''th u^ On they rushed, and;their plumes lay bock upon the wind, till it . seemed: as though, they must" stamp ns^flat. , .But when he was within ten paces' of the'king, Umslopogaas lifted Groan-Maker again; "and'-lGalozi held tho "Watcher ;on high, and .every man. halted where he was, while-once more the dust flew "up^iii; cloudB. :* They1 halted "'in long" unbrpken ;liries,':.with outstretched'. shields arid j heads, held low ; rio .man's', head rose, rriore^than&'the length ;of :;a -.dance-kerrie from the earth. 'So they; stood bnet minute, then, for the third time, Umslopogaas lifted Groan-Maker, and in an Instant1 every,mari straightened himself, each shield was tossed on bigh,; and;fi'öm'every throat. was roared the royal salute 'Baycle.' -'' 1 11?. ' »'A pretty sight, forsooth,'quoth-Dingaan; '.but these soldiers are too .well; drilled who have never done me service nor the'-Black' Ono who was before me, and this Slaughterer is too g^od'a captain,. I say. J Come' hither, ye twam 1'he cried aloud." ''. j ;Theri the "Wolf-Brethren', strode}forward' and'stood before the king,'-and;,"f¿i"^ TíbjlB they looked upon each other.',7 ,l"y." ' (To ho eontimted iu.Tiicsday't Issm ) 