Storyettos In an Albany club tho wino cellar waa atrangely -leploted of its oontuntB, Bottle jvftoi' bottlo of ohan!])ngao disappeared, and loul-.g soonicd no bar ngninst the thirsty thlaven. Finally a new superintendent wub placed inouargo, and ho Huumed to boA.man of p.n ingenious turu.ot mind. Ho put new Jocko upon tho cellar, but be did not mean to placo hiB ilependcnco wholly upon 'iron bolta. So ho aecured a remarkiibiv uirlr bull-uog, with a very mis.-vnthioplo disposi tion, nml shut him in the cellar. There tha bruto stays all the time, except for hul£ an hour daily, whon he is given a run in tho sunlight. Tho dog has no taste for cham pagne, and now the wino stays whero it is put until it is wauted in tho cafe. Thoro has never buon an Instance of 'grnciouancas 'like tho visit of tho Duku do Nivcrnais, in the aoventcenth century, to his dying steward. Wishing to sec bow matters Btood with the poor follow, the' duke stoppod into tho roam, and bad the extreme condescension to mako personal inquiry into the atate of hie health. The stoward, uttorly bewildered by tho honor, raised himself in bod with great difficulty, and said, in a tono of the most abject humility : ' I hope your grace will not bo offonded at my dying in your presence ?' The duke, deeply touched, answered : * ' Not in tho least, my good friend j do not mind me.' Whereupon, tho steward availed himself of tho gracious permission of hia master, and gave up the ghost. , Professor Delbruck haa rocontly pub liBhed Borne intureatiug aouvenirs about the Emperor Frederick tho Third nnd his family. Hero is an amusing anecdote about tho order that reigned in tho household 'whilo Frederick was Crown Prince: Ono day the Grown Princess said to the butler, ono of the oldeBt servants and one who had tho reputation of having a will of his own : ' 1 ordered some ApoIIinaris water several weckB ago, and Hhould like to taste it j has it not yet arrived ?' The old domestic replied : ' Imperial Highness, there is still in tha cellar a lot of buttles of seltzer water that must be drunk first I' All tho persona at table broks out into laughter. The Crown Prince, after having him self joined in the hilarity, said, in a serious tone: 'My friend, whon tho Crown PrinceBi orders you to do anything, I beg joutoobey her.' ' One day,' said a veteran, in a recent interview with Eli Perkins, ' I met an oid noUJier who had been wounded in the face, and when I asked him in what battle he had beep injured, he aaid : 'i got it at the first day at Shiloh, sir.' 1 But how could you get hit in the face at Shiloh?1 1 asked. ' Well, sir,' said he, half-apologetically, ' after I had run a mile or two I got careless and looked back,' This story reminda me of bow ono of Kiln worth's Fire Zouaves killed his first Con federato. He said that ho marched out to tbe battle of Bulls Run, and when about half way there, he met a Johnny Hob. in ambiiBb. 1 What did yon do then ?' I asked. ' Well, air,1 be answered, ' I drew out my revolver and he drew out his bowie-knife, nnd then I took the lead from the Btart, and kept it clear into Washington city, and ? ? 1 But how did you kill the man ?' I Hun him to death,' was the reply.' In ' making up ' newspapers, or tho piecing together of different paragraphs into columns, two separate items will, some times, be jumbled together and most amus ing results appear. A French newspaper had a good specimen of thiB kind of mixture': II Dr. X. has been appointed head physi cian to the Hopital de la Oharite. Orders have been issued by the authorities for the immediate extension of the Oimetiero de Parnasse,' The New Haven journal, some time ago made a curious jumble of two items. One read : ' A large cast-iron wheel, revolving nino hundred timea a minute, exploded ia this '?V J -mvw»««j, whi.t « AViJg Ituu puilliui 411 neaa. Deceased was a prominent thirtj Bccond degree Mason.' The other paragraph detailed how : 'John Fatlden, tho well-knowa floristand real estate broker, of Newport, B.I., died in Wardiuer and llusseH'a augar mill, at Cry stal Lake, on Saturday, doing considerable damage to tho building and injuring several workmen severely.' Ben. Jon8on was once requested to revise some proofs full of typographical and other errors, but he declined, and rccommonded that thoy should be sent to the house of cor rection, utiany anacaotea are narrated to illus trate the tact required in dealing with lunatics. Among the inmates of an asylum was a man who was considered porfectly harmlesB, but who, having no home, was allowed to remain there, being employed to show visitors around. Tho doctor went on tho roof with him one day to see about repairing it, when tbo man suddenly turned and suggested that they should jump to the ground together. Im mediately tho doctor replied : ' No, don't let's do that. Any one can ump down. Let's go down and see if we can jump up,' Tho lunatic considered the point ' well taken,' and agreed. The head of a private asylum in England was in the bath-room watching a number of lunatics bathe, when one of them called out, ' Let's duck the doctor I' and they all took up the cry. Seeing hiB danger, the doctor said at once: ' All right boys ; but suppose you give a cheer for him first.' And the noiBc of thoir cheering brought the keopers to his roscuo. The samo dootor was in a room with a lunatic, who, by aomo means, had posseaaod himself of a carving kuifo. ihe lunatic informed him gravely that ho had been ordained by God to cut him into littlo pieces, and, much as ho regretted it,he should bo obliged to do it. ?? Vory woll,' said the dootor j ' of courso, if that is tho case, I Bhall make no attempt to prevent you ; but I see your knifo noeds sharpening, Allow me to fetch ? grindstone for you.' Aud no objoction being raised, the quick witted doctor made his escape. Old man (solemnly): ' My young friend who was that who just asked you to go and have a drink ?' 6 Young man: 'Barney Jones. He's » friend of mino.' Old man (with continued solemnity): ' Nay, my young friend, he is an enemy of youra. * Young man : ' Well, I don't know but what you're right, Barnoy gave me two or three auro things on yesterday's races that mado mo walk home. You can't toll nowadays, old man, who your friends ore.' , Ono of the strongest characteristics ot genius ia tho power of lighting its own flXOi ? A remarkable action, in which Popo Leo XIII. ia tho defendant, is About to bo tried beforo tho Civil Tribunal of Alontdidcr, near Ameina. Somo montliR ago tho Marchiones? do PleBBes Bultovro died, leaving a will bv which nho loft tho bulk of her property, rea; and porBonal, to tho Pope. Tho will ia dis-i piiJcd by the natural licira of tho deceased I -it!y— collaterals— on tho ground that tho j Pope, being a apiritual soverolgn, cannot I 