Cairns to Lyonville. CAIRNS TUE KING OF THE NORTH. OUTAFRICANING AFRICA. WHERE IS OPHIR. HEROES OF CIVILIZATION. A CRIMEAN VETERAN. KOOBOOKO TINFTELD. (BT OUK SPECIAL KEPOKTEB.) The land adjacent to Oakey Creek ñ undoubtedly fertile, arable land as is evi deuced by the gardens of Mr. Wade ani that of the Chinaman a mile and a hall further down the creek were there is permanent water all the year round. 'Ihi: locality will always bo a good business stand as all the trade with the coast soing to (lu Western country must pass through this centre. Just as Cairns, the possible capital of the North, holds the key to the position, so also does Oakey Creek hold a pass key for not orly does the main road from thc railway pass directly throuçh Oakey Creek, but the branch and circuitous roads from Montalbion, Watsonville and Herberton meet at this common centre. The main road from the future capital of North Queensland is a disgrace to the Road Boards of the district, and the members thereof cannot plead ignorance to the fact for one of them at least lives along the track and must hear the complaints of the carriers, and must also l>e aware that twenty times as much traffic goes along the direct road to Muldiva, the Tait, and Kedenp ie.»« do«, »lonp tb.; .. jr«r(wnoB «nd - Af ontalbicrn roads, where those terrible ranges have to be negotiated. A carrier said to us " I would rather go two trips to the Tait although it is nearly three times the distance than one to Herberton, as it would take less out of the team." A Herberton rag talks in a grandiloquent sentimental style about the mineral re- sources of Herberton, and claims that a Land-Grant Railway should be con- structed from Geraldtou. Would such a line pay ? That is what the literary luminary has to prove. The mineral resources of Her- berton are an undoubted fact, but monopoly has injured the industry and hurt a once thriving township-a township that should long ago have blossomed into a big inland city had practical men had the directiou of affairs. Now Muldiva, the Tait and Redcap are far and away more important than Her- berton is just now to the North. The revenue the Government derives from these centres is greater, and as affairs in two instances are in the bands of men who feel that the reputation of their district depends oh the success or otherwise of the mines they are managing, the pot-holing, pig-rooting, non- development business will have no place where they are, and when the history of these two places is written it will show no spasmodic rise and fall, but one steady stage of progression fi om darkness into light. Redcap and the Tait, about which the public know so little, will without a doubt become two of the biggest mining centres in North Queensland. The Lynd and Watson- ville, 1 feel sure, will run these localities very close. The Tait, undoubtedly, will take first place for tin, and it will be about a dead heat between Redcap and the Lynd for silver. Bnt why particularize ? " This coun- try, said a >vell- known prospector at Harry Wade's," is one nf the greatest mineral countries in Australia. You don't know what's in it sir. You don't know. It's full of surprises. Places that are unknown to- day may be better than anything yet found. In fact no one can tell what the resources of the North are. All I can say is they are various and great, greater than are to be found in any other part of Queensland, and the greatest without a doubt in all Australia. Everyone raves of South Africa and her (roldfit'I<ls._.but cao South Africa sbvir any thing like the average the Hodgkinson; Croydon and Georgetown can ? Heaps of money is going into wild cat mines in Africa Eimply because some wise-acres have started the claptrap theory that there is the Ophir of King Solomon, and that that king drew his golden supplies for the stueco business of the temple from the dark continent. . Can anyone prove that, or can anyone disprove that the auriferous treasures of that gay Israelitish Lothario, were not drawn from North Queensland, which is certainly prov- ing itself throughout its length and breadth to be golden to the core. Look at the alluvial fields of Queensland ? Those of South Africa will want a deal of looking for, but South Africa is the fashion. North Queensland is not because it has been killed by monopolists. Thus discourses our loquacious friend, but at last we regretfully parted company with him and headed for the Featherbed Kange, cn route to Kooboroo. , The Featherbed Kange is well named, foi if a weary "traveller sought repose on it he . would haye no difficulty in; finding a.stone for a pillow like Jacob, but unlike Jacob his dreams would not be of ladders and angels, as his couch would not be conducive to pleasant sleep, neither would thc necessary pipe act as a soporific. This range is called the Featherbed for the simple reason that it is as unlike a featherbed as can possibly be. Stone boulders galore and not a square inch anywhere that a man could get a comfort- able seat without an hour or so's labour. Australia is called, the antipodes. We' had a lot of roughing '. it: to" do ; rough places to make smooth, rough fare, rough surroundings . and rough companions. Many a pioneer leaves his hones on the rough road he bas hewn with: hardship," toil and pain, along which others pass to f:ime and ' fortune. What do these featherbed toilers care who sacrifices his life in the interests of his fellow creatures? Do they realise what the privations of these heroes of ci vilization have. been j and what dangers , they have faced-hunger, , thirst, cold, fever, and death . at the hands of treacherous niggers? The man. who in the excitement of the moment will ride in a glorious charge such as that of Balaclava, is undoubtedly a hero, but is it not far more i,heroic,for a man to face danger and death in terri» iiico^ttáií^Ct^ii'aSv¡hja~-nnt^*i>tmtv}i-^ lay his head at sundown, nor where he may find water to quench his thirst ! The world is indebted to the prospecting explorer far more than to the soldier, and yet the one is only known as Sam the Tracker, Barefooted ? Pete; or" some such appellation and treated with scorn and contempt, and possibly seven; days in the logs if he is overjoyoua at once more finding himself in the busy haunts of "men, and the other is greeted with the huzzas of a nation, whose national debt he. . has augmented,and crowned with the garland i of victory. Not even a simple wooden cross marks the resting place of the hero of civilization whose bones were discovered ' along some waterless track. Scant was the ceremony of interment with no loving friends to place a wreath on his coffinless grave, and no father of the church to utter a requiem for the" repose of his soul. Had thal dead hero a soul ! The rough hands who roll him in his tattered blanket and unceremoniously tumble him into" his last resting placé don't trouble about that. Neither "do they give á thought los tb what were the poor old fellow's agonies as he passed through the valley of. the shadow pf death without some sympathising friend to give him courage to face the dread conqueror of rich and poor hy telling him pf that bright laud where the i* Wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest." Oh no! haste was necessary to get the noisome thing etat of sight. It was simply r.:; " Battle bis bones OTer the stones. He's only a pauper whom nobody owns." That's howône hero wai buried "iiï â~nâuTê legs grave. ; But the funeral rites of the maa of blood were a gay pageant, muffled drums, arias,: reversed,; banners waving, polished, cofia, with the weapons that had camed Imisery into uim.y :i home, crossed on it, and surpliced clergymen and marble tomb, on wbich his deeds of so-called heroism were written. In I lu» wake of the one follows peace, ¡iii nty and prosperity, thc once -trackless was:te dotted with towns and cosy houses- with crouds of 'happy children joyously. lidHhini' in pretty gardens be- decked . with- flôwerïl And in the wake of the other "smoking ruins, festering corpses, devastated farms, and pestilence. The life of the true hero of civilization is one scries of crosses, whilst that of the soldier is brightened at the thought that some day he may receive the Victoria Cross at the hands of his Queen, God bíe¿s her. Will it always be thus, and will thc rendering of children fatherless and wives widows be the only pro- fession in which honour and renown can be won ? Is the time never coming when nations will beat their spears into ploughshares and their swords into, pruning hooks, and when nation will not lift up sword against nation, -neither will they learn war any more? Yes, the signs of the times are ominous. The millennium cf the ancients cannot be far eft now, ami the education of the masses is the wedge that will burst the soi ia 1 billet asunder. let ns hope that the coming struggle for i quality, where there are to be no social distinctions except thc se attained by mcutal ctilture, when the whole world will have grasped and .adopted the true tenets of Freemasonry and understand what Ithe Brotherhood of man really implies will be a bloodless one. 'I ben and not till then will- - I The war drum sound no longer. And the hattie fla?; be furled; lu tile Parliament of man, The federation of the world." Our c<>um> lily through undulating count ry which presented, no costly engineering dilTI cultics to railway, construction, and after jogging along some eiglit miles, numerous workings l'y the roadside proclaimed the tact that" we had entered the tin mining district of Koobooroo. And glad we were to hail the hospitable hostelry of Mr. Prendergast for thirsty and hot were we. While we were imbibing 1 enrages such as only the merchants of the coming Queen Oitv of the North can snpplv, a hearty stal- wart old fellow deposited- his iiuin under thc verandah, and taking a seat upon it, commenced to mop the perspiration from his weather-beaten face. Liking his honest cleanly appearance, one of my friends whose heart is big enough to gn.ee the purse of a Rothschild, invited him to join us, and con- trary to the- usual custom of swagmeh he did so with some show of hesitation. A few questions elicited this pitiful tale, which more than anything else emphasises the deplorable state of affairs that selfish dema- gogues so-called Labour Leaders, but really Labour !>. ströyers,'have plunged the fair land of Queensland into. " t was brought -up-' said the swaguiau in a cheerful voice, '. as a farm labourer in the old country, but the sight of a red coat was more than I could stand, and I left a dear old father and mother and a happy home to fight the battles of my Queen and country in the Crimea. Real soldiering soon disillusioned my mind of the romance that a soldier's lite was a joyous life, flue clothes orf the back, nurse girls to flirt with, and an occasional supper with a peeler fora companion;the honours done by a buxom cook and rosy-checked parlor maid in a West End kitchen. Many a time during that terrible campaign where Bi itain loi t so many of her stalwart sons we had to face the enemy with empty stomachs and bootless feet. Rut we beat the Russians for all that, gentlemen, as you know, though they were ten to one. I was at the battle of Inkerman .vhen a handful of English, Irish, and Scotch _ boys kept forty thousand Russians at bay till the French came up and helped us win that unequal fight. That was a glorious battle," and the old fellow drew himself up proudly while we too caught his enthusiasm as he related episode after ej isode in which he figured, down to the close of the Russian war. " Ketuminjç.booie I was paid OIT"wlttl~a"small ~peusIou7«ind- round--ujy relatives had gone to join the great majority. Work being scarce and badiy paid for I emigrated to America, and there I might ?have done -well. But my roving disposition was my ruin, and I drifted from one place to another, always setting work. I can sav this that wherever I have been I have always tried to do honest work for my masters, and more than one begged me to stay, pointing out that a rolling stone gatheis uo moss. I could not see it in that light then, and now I bitterly repent my youthful folly. Then I came to Queensland and did pretty well, seldom being out of work until the shearers strike. Of course I came out with the rest of the workers, for we were assured wc must win and that wages would be doubled. I see it now, that combined labour is no match for combined capital. United they stand, divided they must fall. When the strike was over I started from Springsure, travel- led through the stations to Cloncurry, and then came across this way. I have offered to work for uiy tucker and ten chillings a week, but although the squatters were kind and gave me a helping hand, they al] told me that the strike had cost them so much that they were unable to go on with numer- ous improvements- they.contemplated: mak- ing to their runs two years ago. The workers of Queensland have learnt too late that they ha vir been made tools of by designing men, whose interest it has been ; to provide fat billets for themselves out of the hard earn- ings of the workers. I must have travelled in and out from one place to another over 3000 miles, looking for work without obtain- ing a ghost of a show, and I assure you, gentlemen, jthat there ; are plenty of men wandering about the country worse off than myself, for 1 have my pension as a stand by." The1 old gentleman was offered money, but declined to accept charity, stating he was neither "a loafer nora beggar, and would take nothing unless be earned it:" The claims atKooboroo have turned, ont very rich tin, but for the most part the workings have been confined to the surface and at a depth of ,30ft or 40ft become too small to be worked profitably as most of the ore has to be carted to Watsonville or Irvinebank for treatment. What is wanted Mjgu4.b4.to provide machinery and test the country Will lie rn« witii Siia »siVViii-ßibs will open .out and become equally as re- munerative as. in the shallow ground. The principal claims are the, Shakespeare and iolanthe belon^iug to a company, and from them several thousands of pounds worth of rich ore have been raised, and the Don, owned by Mr. Wessell, of Watsonville, who has done a considerable .amount work, and has a lode bf from Sin to 1ft wide and carry- ing Ore of 57. and 60 per cent value. The Don was previously owned by a company who took out 22 tons of ore which produced 13( tons of tin. Then it was given up, the reason'why deponent sáyeth not, but Mr. Wossell is making a nice little pile out of it now. Several other claims are being worked with more or less success, but the Fair Play, owned by'M« ssrsl: Singleton and Brodie, deserves ? more than a passing notice, as these gentlemen are raising stanniferous ore of a" better'cTassTthaii any other claim*,'for. it is nearly pure. A few miles away the Messrs. Halpin 'haye a tin. claim recently discovered by them ¡ind are grassing 30- per cent ore. The \ Koyboroo district is highly mineralized and the ore, is very rich.. -The lodes are,-; as \n rule, not large, averaging abolit à toot', hut the foruiatioo in which, they lie indicates that at a. depth their size wilt increase, and some grand properties will doubtless te developed when the irouhorse ! brings in its wake;.speculators who believe in depth and sufficient inducements to jossity the expense. i **'? (To UContinued). "? 