IAORILMD HQ! fCOPriWMT. j Natures Enchanting Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY ATM A WESTBURY. CHAPTER 1 Y.— Continued. 'Yog, whoro my friend risked his lifo *o save a low ruiliiui from being lynched, who richly deserved it,' broke in Fontnti Howo, quickly. Would you believe that this modern Baynrd at tho bridge ntood nt bay against three score armed diggers,' furious with a nger nnd liquor, to liiivo 11 wretch from his well merited de serts.' ??Kay, not that,' stammered tho other, blushing liko a bov, 'I — 1 could not atand by and seo a follow crouturo moss ocred, however much ho might deserve it.' . 'Right, sir. Thero is tho ring of our true English breed in that,' said Iho Major. . 'JL'no young girl turned lior gaze upon Vano's tell-talo foco. 'All monwniild not lmvo acted so bravely in tho ciiuau of humanity,' sho said in a low tone. '' Possibly not,' responded Vane, gravely. 'Some mon are rash and im ptitlioUB ; somo value lifo and hold it Bweot. To mauy death comes a3 a ro lief.' There was something! in his tone rathor than in the words which led Gnico Wel don to regard liim earnestly. It wus on hor tonguo to remark — ' and do you not valuo lif« ?' — but iho sadness ' oil tlie handsome bronzed face soomod to chill tho sonteneo on hor lips. Young as she ? was, instinctively she felt that thero win '-.it history in tho lifo of this man which alio lmd 110 right to seek lo read. Grace 'Woldon, gontle, genoroua of nature, brave, noblo of iinpulso, was at the aye ^when young girls aro given u horo to wor ship, and here was ono rei-.lv to nioho in her imagination and her heart. For Fenton llo.vo, despite the idea tint - Vano's former lifo was a elostd book to 1 . liim, went on to relate how his comrade i had reaoued iiini from tho grave, and hud tended him with tho patience and gontlo- 1 ness uf a woman. Temple Yano protoatod, ; nnd grew flushed aud angry, until Major 1 Weldou came to tho rescue with a few kind wordB of welco no itj both. ' I am 'vory forgetful indeed, goutlo lii en ; hut como this way ; Tcrungu shall show y.ou your quartius. 15y tho time yotfhavo made your toilet, dinner will he ready.''1' Whon tho host and his guests had gone, i Grace Weldon remained still standing | undor.the verandah, her eyeB on tho trues in tlie garden, but not seeing thein, and : unconsciously tapping her dainty b.r.. with her riding whip. Finally iho pretti red lips part, into a smile. 'Ah I ho shall - tellnio who lie is; I'm resolved to know.' Then wfthau'bjnphutto nod at the (lowers, sho oiitored.tho, tioiiso to ruo if Nitu had 1 recovered 'oitlaciiilisuoss, lUiil'todcapatch ; * servant fur Dr. Craig, of tliu 1'eak. 1 J CHAPTER V. 1 ..Ml' '! i.T'ilt WBLUOif. i \- Font-m and his- fiieud woro most lios- ' pitably reemvod by the master of Pine- 1 full- litutsoii. To men who, ; having: led ' u busli li.'e,.y. t who feel at tho same liiuo that they have returned to tlio status of ; ?ooioty whence they I'nniu, the lirnt ' thought is for their toilet. Tliu. dress of' our two friends required some I'eii'ivaliou; -! before they again entered I hu. presence of tho .hull- s ; not that tint process took . long. In their small valises they carried no (lresi coats ; m fact, no broadcloth' at all. The luxury ot -.pure witter, and a ' comb drawn through the silky hair and . beard comprised tlio operation ot dress ing. V . ?' ? 'That Muduuiu Elsio is a splendid woinnti,' reuiuiked' L'Yntiiii, botueou J frequent douches of water. ?? 'I novel' saw- a hiitiasomer,' rejoined ' Vttno, nt tho looking-glass, ' But tvliuro 1 is Mr*, Weldon';''. . .????? - - . .?'Oh;, there is a Mr.i Weldon ; young: ' Westholiuu a.iid our host whb married— that is liu gave uio lo iiiidorstand bo ; bo- . sidi-u', thorois that pretty girl, hisilatigh- 1 lor.' ' Couclii-ivo evidence,' laughed Vane. : 'Perhaps ho is u widower. ? . tie said chat yru s lmd brought sorrows; Hark I somo ?mu is -ingmg.' It was scarcely singing, but rathor. tho- ' lialf'Kiterauc.! oi one whose thoughts wero oilienriao occupied ; but , thavoiuo was fresh and singularly ? Bweet aud oloiir. Tlie song run — -i :... : ? i1.; .? ?, . Wo'l1 love as they loved of old, dear,' ?; Whon worth was much and wealth ?: ' . was small ; . - v -v.. -. y - ? For tho .world h.is grown so cold, dour, Tuut its chill husover all. Tho young men drew nearer tlio .win- ? dow. Tlio song continued— True lovo should not despair, dear, ? ? ? Lat lis love as in days gone by ; The lark, whose nest is nearest earth, - Finds lior uiusto in the sky. ' It must bo lliBs Weldon,' renmrkod Fenton; ' what a sweet voice : I must got those words j I ..wish she would go ?on.' ?? ? It iH.not ldioly,' aaid Vane, who lmd : returni'd quickly to the glass ; ' thoy rov the two last verses.' : ' You -know' tho sour?' oxclnimed l'cuton, in HiirpriBO. \is, J! lmvo hoard it frequently,' was tho 'response, / 'Ah! there tlio. fair songster goos,'1 remarked Fenton, as Grace appeared from under the verandah and proouedod to tlio Howor bods. V^no did not turn as ho seamed busy' with his silky board, but his lips were compressed, his eyes betrayed a deep emotion, which had something of fierce, scornful defiance in tliem. Our resources I fear, Vano,' laughed his companion, '? will soarcoly turn ns out Adonises ; thoy must tulco us as we aro ;^but don't you think wo shall bo keeping our other refroshineutB wait »»)? 1' 'Vane tossed down the comb. 'I beg your pardon, Howe,' ho replied, ' I had forgotten.' ' Beauty unadorned is adorned ihv most,' laughed Fenton ; ' at least 'we can repute the saying that ' tho tailoi makes the tmiR.'ifourcosttiino isnot quiti, ?tie rlpew, it is not unbecoming.' On descending they found a substantial meal awaiting them j ' tho tablo ninde bright and !i«ht with flowers. Major SVoldon, with Grace, wore proaont, nnd Uadamo Klsio soon came in. Nita Black . -..:nr; -:i.,.inii4 liniolia liycl buqn ?'»l ' ' * ?-'?' l» her iii'.ni, ami iii« iip|i«(ue'd -p. An i hoy i.y down tho young mon o.\t'ii:nmed glaneen. Tneir party was cotnph'to — their holit w.13 a widower. ^ T. u uo:ivarsatioi| turned chiefly upon England. Vane spoko but littlo ; when ho did it was ujon genoral subjects, never rpferring to I his own concerns or himself. Unnoticed by tl.O' rest it did not oicapo Fenton. '? Gontiemon,' remarked Major Wei don, as tho tnealcatuo to an end ?' I must ask you to excu.10 — that is, it it bo necessary— my leaving you for to ontor tiin tlie ladiia awhile ; but! hive a new purchase of cattle, and havo to superin tend their branding ; 1 always aeo to that myself.' Ho rose as he epoke-and took his hat. The o^hnrn went with him into tho verandah, Tnen, at a proposition from Fenton, thoy stepped down into the garden, which wan spacious ; while be yond iho flower beds oxtended ati acre or moro of Bhrubbqry, throughout which paths had been made, high tulips and other trees oli'ering pleasant shade from tho noon-day sun. Madame ElBie had gone with Fenton to tho other side of tho houso to show him her orchids ; and Vano, with Grace, who was strolling through tho labyrinth just mentioned, when lio saw iho girl, upon wliose face ho was looking, start, and a troubled expression como into lier eyes its they were fixed in front of her. Glanoing in tho direction ho beheld advancing towards them a tall, graceful, handsome lady, whoso likeness to Madamo Elsie thero iv;is 110 uist'iking, but her face was wan, pale, and horo tho marks of exceeding grief. Hor hair, long and -luxurious, wits more grey than brown. Her attire was a dresa of soino soft lav onder lined material, which hung in al most classic folds its tliuir wearer camo Blowly 011, hor slender hands dropped, claspod belore her, and her head do pressed on hot* bosom. The figure was so striking, so out of pluco in such a Bpot that Teniplt) Vane could not for tho mo ment prevent his features expressing his astonishment. Hu wus roused by Grace's light touch ou his arm, her sweet voico tailing in a whimper on his ear — ' it is poor mamma. If you please como away, and do not disturb lior. Where can Mrs Wiuwood bo ?' oho added, as to her.tolf. Vane did 110s hesitate to obi-y, but somo movement on their part aroused the advancing lady, fcj .0 raised her head tliiiukly ; then, witfi a luud cry, her oyes dilating as they rested upon Temple, she sprang towards h. in. Ho read tho tiutli at unco— Mrs Wel dou was mad ! j His first . impidso was to stop back, but 0 race's small hands wero clasping his arm, her voice whUpored pleadingly —'^oh ! pray, pray do not uiuvo I We ought to lmvo lot you know , but, indeed, sli'u will do you 110 harm. Poor, poor mamma I' Jlr.i Weldon advancing eagorly, with I evident excitement — for her puio cheek was flushed, her oyos brilluint — placed a slender, pretty hand uu each of I'emplo'a shoulders, attd gaztd ut lirst liercely ; out by degrees, with a most touching sorrow, into his face. ; Slowly the bunds slipped down to hor sido ; tlie light faded trout her delicate facu ; mournfully she shook her hotid. ' No, no,' she murmured, half aloud, ' not yot f not yot ! Jt is not ho. Ah ! . this weary, weary waiting I' ' \- -Shu -was- ttbeue to piuia 011, whon Grace (it uppoarod involunturily) suid — ' dear ininnmn I' -Mrs Woldoii;lniltod, and cast upon her. ilmost u haughty look. ' 'You!' sho said, coldly. ...' Why do (?ou call 1110 inaniiiia — you ?' Then, ourstii.g into'a'soft, amused laugh, 'you ire not my littlo Gr.ico— you !' (laughing igaiti). ?' I uovor had any child but, my lurling— iny. Grace— my pretty, my- aweet jfriico!' Hur voioa had sunk iigaiii into its aad iiielaiiuhuly, und, ivithout taking further iieed.ol .ottnor ibIio ^passed oil, rosuiuiug. die atlitudti lti.wincji Vaiie had first kooi 1 ner,..''.,;.r ?.'.??? 1 ? , Gnico Woldon covorod her eyes with iier hands ; a sob broke forth from her -ipi. ? 'Ialtould uot have spokm ! It ivaH wrong i. but— but it is so sad !' : :',Stid, ..liidiieu 1'. muruinrod Temple Vime iu -a touo full of aynipathy. ? 'Var lou mo j perhaps my proaouca — ' '?No. ! no,!' interrupted Graco, com poaiiig. herself, and brushing away her tears, y ', Mr, Yauo, as you seo, mamma litis .no teller reason. Xt is a vory sad i»toryy|;i.it,witsHroublu that tur.ieil her brum. You .will understand me. lam tioriuin that l cannot, tull you, neither can pap.i ; . but auik. Elsie will — ' Indued, .Miss Woldon, if tho subject be; painful, uo l ain sure it must be,' in turrupti'd-Vumj, looking down with tlmt wondrous getitleiiOBs ot which his oyes i\ eio .capablu, ? upou the prottv, earnest fuco liftud'todiis— . But p^nico broke in — . ?? . .'??Paiiiful, ojtl, courso it is; Mr Vaue' ; still, papa, would prefer that you should know. . Lut us Iind auntie, if vou do not iiiitut ; ami, whon you inuet iiiamuiii again please do ,notj notice her. Sho will not notice you.uoiy thatshu bus seen thut you ai.o not lie for [whom bIio is ahvuj'B soavoti 'l'lioy had turned in order to proceed to .(ho-. orchuril'. house when a liiiddle-agod quietly dressed, gontoell,: looking woman ^vortook thorn', walkti.g quickly. ^ ? Mrs Weldon 0111110 this way, did she not', Miss V' she asked. ' Yes, Mis Wniivoud j &ho; cannot liave gone far:' - ; , liidoud,. .ut that moiiiont thoy oiiiiio in eight of tho uiiltajipy lady ; sho was walk U'g.by Altidaiuu l^isiu, whoso arm wus about hor wutsjt, wtnlo .\h-a Woldon's head ieuned ou iier shoulder us she wtiispoivd — ' I huvo.liot touiid her yet, Elsiu ; not yot. Oll,.thejWeai'y waiting!' On tlio ivoulai. Giaeo had uddreosed u-s Mis Win woud jijitutiff cho sisters. Mis ?Woldjiii. went ^ou with her, whileM idanio ivlsie caiuetu.vyuids ilieiu. Grace hastuned to moot; hqij,i. .!l\nupl-.', Iiultuig, watted thoir MppiOtlcll. : I inuleistjiiid. Mr Yatie,' said Mad tiuiu , Elsiu, .iif- thoy did so, that vu.i air. iuly-A1kuowj',,iiiy pour hrother-in-hiw's !; relit I rouble jvoue, 1 t ear, that will never uo reiuoi'i'd. 'Y Gi ace deitres litu to relate llio Ciiusu.uf her unfoi'iuiiacj niothoi's in sanity,' . - , . . ' lndeed,l't;began Temple, when ho Btopptd, liudijiy ttiui tliu young girl Inw HUttieU thein|unobaerved. ' . '? Yes,' remarked ; M'ldamo Elsie, not ing hisghiiicej; ' tliiu aubjuot is etoeod iiiyly pmnfui -o my neiee, for the reiisou tnui, though J hor mother knows mysell and hor.hushijnd, she will not reco^uiBo hur — treuts li|r us 11 strangor' ' A struii^er !' ? juculuLcd Tempro, nurpnsed, as yy recalled to Ills mind's oyo 1 tie gracelul fgirl, of whoin any paiMit ? night bo proud. . ' It is so. t Let us be Beatod hero. Tlio Mory is jriut Jolig,; iiiid we abiill all be mdrii at ease vwheiij'yuii aud , Mr-Howe uro lie?' iiuuttited wm/ it. Indeed,' -..with 11 stnile 011 Her unautiful luce, v, my brotiier lias left you for iiie to entertain, partly thatl may have the oppori unity. After you know l am hi&o; i shall have no need to 1 ask you to mak'.- no further rcforenco to tii- siihjoct, either to him or to Grace.' ' Yon may trust un, I am certain,' 3aid Vat'.e, earnestly. Thoy had taken their places on a rustic seal lusii'ath tliu spreading branches of a tulip t'eo ; at tho ud ol.the path was tho bright fl.iwer gatdon. with a glimpse of the house ; in the former was Grace, now walking with F oiitou. Vano's eyes dwelt upon the two us they s'.r I'.led — hi t head inclined, hers raised under her sunshade to his— and a pain went through his breasl ; drawing a deep breath he turned towards his companion, who had becomo silent, and found hor gaze earnestly re garding hint ; meeting bin glance site re covered herself, saying, ' I beg your pardon, but your expression at that mo ment soomed so familiar to me that I could havo fancied we must havo met bo fore.' ' I do not think that probable,' re joined Temple, vexed to feel tho crimson blood Mealing from eliiu to brow, ' for,' lie added quickly, ' had we ever mot, I could never havo forgotten.'.' M.-idaina Elsie inclined hor head at the compliment, ns she responded ' no, it is quite impossible ; you havo not boon many mouths in tho colony, while I have boon many, many .years.*' » ' You came out with Major Wol don Y -.?.?... 'No, 1 joined them horo. But lam forgetting what I have to tell, and' wo may soon be ' interrupted. My brother, Mujor Weldon, cumo diit to Now Zealand nineteen years ago— immediately after his union with iriy sister Gertrude. It was really a marriugs of pure affection ; their taste3 in everything woro bi'tiilut, aud, having fortunu enough to tulco many of tho old country's coinnrt with thom, both thoir inclinations leading towards the freedom and uucoiiveutionality of an oxiatonce out here, a lifo of perfeot happi nt ss promised to bo theirs.' 'Tho promise for some tinio Boomed to bo moro than fulfilled. Achild Gruce was born to thom ; it consummated their joy, and their lettors homo woro full of tlie delights that surrounded them. One day a sad, a terrible chnngo cumo ; Ger trude wtiB seated aloiio witn her infant in iho ruoin wo were ju3t now iu ; Major Weldon had ridden 10 tho hills, inspect ing the cattle ; tho sorvauts wore all occupied in tlio. outer nremisos whon thoy woro alarmed by loud screams from my sister. Hastening to Icaru tho cause, thoy fouud Inr extended insensible uu tho flour, and the child gone. Shu wus al ready comii(J- to, mid as Blie, will with grief, staggered to her foot, thoy gutlu red ? rom lu-r ditij.'.iulod .-entoncos what had o -curred :— '. 11 l-ttljjati. -a tattordemalion sundowner, had siiddenly presented hiui sulf before iter, demanding money. Sho had indigiiuutly app.uachod tho door to summon help, whon, plucking the babo fruiu Iter at ins, ho dashed hur violently to . tho ground and lied. .. Even wh'lo slio opokushu waa leading the way^ through the gttrdou its pursui:, followed by some of tlio surviiutR ; biit beforo a iu had gone far— always weak aud delicate — with a cry she pressed lior bauds to hor toiuplo, reeled, and foil into a lit.' ' While th --y wuro bearing hor into tlio house her hu3baud returned. - You oau imagine, Mr Vano; what ins fculmgs wuru butter. than 1 could describe thom. Willi several, mount, d .-servants, hu sot oft' iu : pursuit, scouring the bush- in all direc tions.1' 'Successfully.?.!'. said Temple. 'Misj Wehlon's presence assures- tue of thai.' - , ' Yea, snuoeaafully at last,' answered Madame Elsie ; 'but who eun portray, tho hours of agony the father passed be foro he wus successful V It waa not until dawn the next day.' ' Tlie. next May !' exclaimed Temple Vano. ' No les3 than a whole night had tho infant heun iu tho bush. My brother, us dawn broke, distracted, had begun to de spair, when ho hen id a feeble cry issuing fruiu the gully lie was near. Trembling hopefully he followed the . sound, and found the'ehild reatiug on a bed bf long grasB, its clothes fortunately ouught aud held iirmly by tho thorny boughs of a bush. Horrible as it seems to believe it of any human being, tho 1111111, uu doubt, pressed by pursuit, had flung tho oliild into the gully.'' ' Heaven Had preserved its life by, a miracle — a miracle indeed, for as my brother raised the littlo creature 111 ins trembling arinn, a death- addor raised its head from tho ground, ^soarcoly two feet away, and glided ull! through the grass. The child, smiling up into hi.s fuce, assured him it had not been hurt.' With joy he rodo full speed home to carry the good news to Gertrude. The iutelligeuco which awaited him nearly struck him down. His wifo was raving in deliriuin. AH hope was abandoned of her recovery. Finally, however, the crisiB puffled—sho lived, but boreft of reason.' . 'Since sho quitted hor lied of sickmss alio has, boon, as you havo soon hur. Tuuugh years liavo passed the robbery of lier.ctiild remains to her as a recont oc curence; hor ideiis never change. She litis but two— to discover tlio villain who stole her Grace, and to Iind hor baby, tor a baby sho remains in hor eyes— as -she lust saw it, and bolioves ao it still will bo whoti sho finds it. Her want of reason -prevents her understanding that tho in faut.hus grown uliiiost'a woman. 'Thus it is that she will not recoguiso. Graoo,'but luugliB, and ' sometimes ; betrays anger, though tliat .is Beldoin, when the poor child addresseshor as 'muuiuui.'' ; ' Xt' is a sad story indeed,' remarkud Toiiijjle; Bymputhuiically. ??Had I put 111 v blinds 011 such a scoundiol I'would havo iidoptod l.vnuh-luw myself; Was ho never, iraecd V' , . ?' Never. Vou seo pursuit wus not easy ufter hu had got a fair Blart away. - Wo inn - imagine iio was one ot ? or after-. wards joinuda party of bushraugoiB, who had Inado their hotiio aiuoHg tho htlhv' 'And 13 tiiero 110 hopu for Mrs SVel dou .J ' asked Tomplo. ?' At Inst tlio doctors gave us much iupc ; that tiuiu would restore her. It litis proved otherwise. Aud '.'now they say thero is only onu chance.'' ?' And what i' ? ' I'l.-at Kiiould sliu auatii mebt tho man tliu shuck mig it restore her.' ? \- JJo you lancy your s^ter would know mill I' ' ' '??- ; 'I am certain of it, for it is tnu one lace sho broods upon — which i-ho litis ever before hor. Every .-it range f sho seea site t reats as Graco told me she treated. you. Uut al ter - one steady gnzu sho sees it is not hint whom she v seekB. Yes, I am 1 eotivuiccd, despite tli-t ituuibei- of years, that (Jertrude would rcc.igmau bun.' | ohaiti:r vi. PIATflNli, WITH FIHE; Madame Elsie was called away to at tend Nttu, wlio about this tmio had begun to show signB of returning c jiisoioiisnoss, Iu a musing mood .she pass d^ -through tho house, thinking of 1I10 man sho had jitst left. .„...??????-? Mr Vane requires no hotter letter of imroduotioa than Jus faoe,' she pondered. ' Strango, thero was an ext-rossiou upon it jiist now that struck mo so familiarly; It seemed as if* some woll remembered counfonatico beamed out upon mo from the past. Vano! Vano! No, I can recall no namo liko that.' It appeared as if the spirit of self 'con- science wero upon them nil to-day nt Pinefalls. Temple Vaue, 011 being lrft alone, rose nnd went deeper into the shade of tliu giant kauri treos, out of view of the garden antl tile house. lie negan pacing to and fro, his expression full of trouble. ' What, so 80011 ! ' lie muttered. ' Idiot ! madman ! do 1 forget -0 easily? lieatdes, do I not remember what I am with a bitter laugh. ' Ho i theBo people have reooivod anil treated me ; they regard mu as oil' of theinsolveB. Would- they if they know how tho tell tale blood rushed into iity chooks when sho snid my expression wus familiar 1 Thank heaven, thai could not bo.' Ho discontinued his restless walk. Then he went 011. ' I should avoid bu«Ii places us this, such people. I — disgraced — have 110 right hero.- I -was not guilty, yet the world would, not judgo so. No, from tho lirst I wus condemned flung out an outcast and a wauUeror. I had bettor have gone on. Well,' drawing himself erect and taking a, deep breath, 'although here, I can leavo whonlliko ; nothing Keeps mo ?' '.Was that quite true 'i' . Had not the. fetters, of a young girl's beauty already begun to be'- forged about him ? Fetters rosy enough generally, but for him destined to possess inany a thorn. . Fooling his absence might attract nt tention, nnd now prott-y well rosolved in his own mind risp-ctiiig his future actions, he proceeded to find Foiiton and , Grace Weldon. It -vas somo little time before he succeeded. Thoy wero neither in tho gnrdon nor the orclntl hotisi. He decided to go to the vejaudah and wait, when Fonton's voieo foil oil his ear almost by his sido. Glancing round hu' peruuived that part of tho hed^o nsar which ho stood formod the back of an arbour, in which were his friend and Grace Weldon. Howe was leaning against the opening, looking down at hip. companion, who Heatod, bad hor facb raised towards him, its expression rapt) absorbed as aho listened. ' A Bniilo, bittor, yot sad, passed over Templo Vaue's features; - 'Idiot indeed,' lie thought 'what noed hud I to fear ?' ' ; - ' : Ho stopped, that aamo tell.tale blood ; rushing to his, face. It. was Mis3 Woldon who was speaking. j .. ' Ah, no woiidor ;.you. foel gralofuli': sho said, addressing Howe. . 'I um sure 1 should bo. I should hold my ' lifo al most ut his servico ;tvho had done so much for me. He is as brave and generous as ho looks, 13, lie not ?.' ' Teuiplo Vatie;, though ;he knew not the purport of this cotiv- rsation, felt thnt he was :? iii.a^false'..'i)0sitiuii, - and thoreforo movud noiselessly away. . Tlie wilful Graciu had kopt her 'word, bile .had mado Funton Howe relato how Vane,, had twice rescued hini from the jaws of death. ; , Wiiy. Jid sho ibol ghd nt tho recital, of - 1I10- story ? -Wero iho rosy fetters of the love-god , bugiuning to unfold her puie young life. All! well, chc vara num.' . i'hore, was , plenty . of trouble for hor, aud for thorn ull with, their patient. Poor Nita's .awaUeiuny had been succoodud, by w.orso symptohis, and brain fover was the result. - DouCor.Oiuir, summoned hastily, shuok-his hetttliwlron iio auw tho sttfVeror. ''.Tiliie aud good nursing will do moro fur-her thuu l can,' ho Eatd, gravely. : The patient did not laolc nurses. The throe available for the task woro ever, at the'* post. ./ 1I0 tho evenings at Piiiofull8 ly.ere most pleii-ant, when the lamps wore lie and the host and iiis guosts assembled iu the roomy dining hull. .Wondrous. in- deed, .the scone from the verandah, with the moonlight upon the ranges; the doeo l'u vines, and the , mountain- ? peaks, that : Bhiiiuuoreil in tlie after glow, us -if en dowed witlrlife and motion. ,, \ ' But nioro wondrous still tlio taloB told by tho chieftain,' Te Huiina, of his an cestors and their war gods — tho pagan rites iind ceremonies that were yet per forate I by many of his people. At suoh times conservation would merge into short questions by tho reat, until the Maori found himself the centre bt a listening circle, who, though mostly Buupiieal, hung with wrapt attention upon his strange tales. Ono evening Te Hunnu gave a pruotical test, nl his quality for tlio marvellous, which loft a lasting impression upon one of his audience, some of whom had been most antagonistic to his views. Tho con versation turned upon magic, and occult matters generally. Tho Maori, who had hold a dignified lesorvo for somo time, wns drawn into tho discussion, and de londud iiiB views with consummate ability. It was a lovely night, but warm, and all the windows of tho spacious dining room were wide open, and tho apitrtinonts well lighted. Madame Elsie, together with Mrs Weldon, who, on this evening scorned quiet aud rational 111 iier demeanour, 'were seated opposite To Hutina. Major Weldon, with Grace, Vano, aud Howe, together with Burke Brady, 011 tho other sido of tho rotiin. . ' Mudaine Elsie looked hard attho Maori and smiled; ?? I fear that I atu one of little faith,' sho said ; 'you will find roe a vory stiff necked heretic, and hard to convortto your viows.' j ' Hareycu ever studied the subject, Madam?' No,' alio, admitted, with apolito bo^v. ,' I should not think, of studying it soi'i ously, uny more than I should attempt lo pructioe oueiinstry or UBtrolugy.' j ' The Pukeliu uro famed lor being t(io liiosl practical peoplo.. on the face of tl)o glout, .henuo loan understand your 111 - cicitulity, muduui;' 'out luok at mes lueii- ui— uo.one . doubts the truth of the ptieiioiuoua now, though for the time bu uig a c-iuwd of ohaihitans : arosi* nud - ou^c disciudit oil, what in now universally ad uuiilidito be one of -the jnost.iiiexpliouble mybteries of the present day;' - -. - ^ : Aud, horo -Major Woldon's' jvoice arose 1 fioui the titlier side of thj( room. ? '.'My. good Te Huntia, cannot' you silence the leniulo butlery by some tpat 1 Aro there any of us present ; who you think, would be particularly .sensitive to this strango force, cull it what you liko 1' \ , j '4-iie, Maori looked around him with a ! strange light gloaming iu his largo black eyes. ' Mujor Weldon is certainly not a fit Mibjeot Jor magnetic influence ; then Ills gaze passed over tho other three, Vano, Howe, and Brady, until it fastened itself finally 011 Mudnm Ei*io.' Here I10 ros'o to his feet aud added, 'if I mistuko not, you, madam, aro a fit subject, and dd cidedly a 'sensitive ' as I call it.' ' ? 'It is not pospih'o 10 Iind a more mat ter ot fact person t' an my sister,' cried tho major, elevating- his eyebrow?. Mii dntn Elsie (und I .say it iu all brotherly lovo) is totally devoid uf .imagination, and has no boliet whatever in either magnoiijc influence or viillfurcc. any moro than 'I have in our old English legends o'f ghosts.— To be Continued, MH 4 341 1 