IV IDA THE LILT. By H. RIDER HAGGARD. . cSAPTER XXXV.— (Commoted.) VBMOEAKCE OF MOPO AMD HIS fosterling. It chanced that on this day of Nada s . oth ana at that same hour of dawn 1, J» came from my mmalon back to toaal of the People of the Axe, hav- eacceeded in my end, for that great . «. T hod onne out to visit had Stoedtomywords. As the light LjL I reached the town, and lo ! it was blackness and a desolation. Here is the footmark of DIngaan, I ..M to myself, and walked to and fro, JjLing heavily. Presently 1 found a men who were of the people that kri escaped the elaughter, hiding in the I mealle-fielde lest the Slayers snoutu iLm. and from them I drew all the " I listened in silence; for, my LfW I was grown old in misfortune; Sen I asked where were tho Bl.yers of fUng? They replied that they did not know ; the soldiers had gone np the Ghost Mountain after the Wolf-Brethren and Nada the Lily, and from the forest had come a howling of beasts and .nnnds of war; th.n there was silence, fiod none had been seen to return from the monntain, only all day long the vol tares hung over it. Let ns go np the Monntain, I said. At first they feared, because of the eril name of the place ; bnt in the end they came with me, and we followed on ,1.. n.th of the imoi of the Slayers and messed all that had befallen it. At length we reached the knees of etone, and saw the place of the great fight of the Wolf-Brethren. All those who had taken part in the fight were now but hones, because the vultures had picked them every one, except Galazi, for on the breast'of Galazi lay the old wolf Dsathgripi that was not yet dead. I drew near the body, and the great wolf atrnggled to his feet and ran at me with hnstliog hsirand open jaws, from which no eonnd came. Then, beiog spent, he rolled over dead. Now I looked round to find the axe groan-Maker among the bones of the dsln, and did not find it, and the hope ame into my heart that Umslopogaas lad escaped the slaughter. Then we went on in silence to where I knew the ore must be, and there by the cave lay the body of a man. I ran to it — it was Umslopogaa?, wasted with hnnger, and h his temple was a great wonnd and on his breast and limbs were many Other wounds. Moreover, in his hand he held another hand— a dead hand, that ms thrust through a hole in the rock. I knew its shape well — it was the little hand of my child, Nada the Lily. Now I understood, and, bending down, I felt the heart of Umslopogaas, snd laid the down of an eagle on his Hps. His heart still stirred and the down was lifted gently. 1 bade those with me dreg aside the stone, and they did so with toil. Now the light flowed into the cave, and by it vesaw the shaps of Nada my daughter. She was somewhat wasted, but still very boaUfal in her death. I felt her heart also: it was still, and her breast grew cold, Then I spoke : ' The dead to the dead. Let ns tend the living.' So we bore in Umslopogaas, and I earned broth to be made and poured it down his throat ; aUo I cleansed his great wonnd and bonnd healing herbs npon it, plyiog all my skill. Well I knew the arts of healing, my father ; I who was the first of the vdnyanga of medicine, and, had it not been for my craft, UmslopogaaB had never lived, for he was very near his end. Still, there where once he had been nursed by Galazi the Wolf, I nursed him back to fife. It was three days till be spoke, and, before his sense retnrned to him, I caused a hole to be dng in the floor of the cave. And there, iu the hole, I buried Nada my daughter, and we heaped lily blooms npon her to keep the earth from her, and then closed in her grave, for I was not minded that Um slopogaas should look upon her dead, lest he slso should die from the sight, and because of hie desire to followher. Also I burled Galazi the Wolf in the cave, and set the Watcher in bis hand, and there they both slept who are friends at last, the Lily and the Wolf together. Ah ! when shall there be such another man and each another maid ! At leogth on the third day Umslopo gaas spoke asking for Nada. I pointed to the earth, and he remembered and understood. Thereafter the strength of Umslopogaas gathered on him Blowiy, and the hole in his skull skinned over. But now his hair was grizzled, and he smuea again, one grew ever more grim and stern than he bad been before. Soon we learned all the troth as to the town of the People of the Axe, only Smta and the children of Umslopogaas did not come back. Also a spy reached me from the Mahlafaatine and told me of the end of Zinita and of the flight of Dhtgaao before the Boers. Now when Umslopogaashad recovered, leaked him what he wnnld do, and whether or not I should pursue my plots io make him king of the laud. Btlt TTmfilnnrteraaa nlinnV hiaTiasfl.fift.V- lug that he had no heart tbat way. He Would destroy a kin? inSwJ, w wow heno longer desired to be a king. He ought revenge alone. . I said that it well, I also sought vengeance. And coking together we would find it Now, my father, there is much more to tell, bnt shall I tell it ! The snow hu melted, your cattle have been found "here f told you they should be, and you wish to be gone. And I also, I would be gone on a longer journey. listen, my father, I will be short U8 came infm mr mSnd fit nlav nff Panda against Dingaan ; it was for sudh to hour of need that I had saved Panda tow. After the battle of the Blood uiver, Diogaan summoned Panda to we hunt Then it was that I journeyed o the kraal of Panda on the Lower Angela, and with me Umslopogaas.. I ®rned Panda thBt he should not go to -""Mm, lor be was the game himself, "to that he should rather fly Into Natal «tha" his people. He did so, and ®to I opened talk with theHqers, wad to1® especially with that Boer who was tomed Ungalunkuln, or Great Ann..- I Wed tiie Bom that Ding&anwaa; p.f ahd not to'fre beJleye&ibnt; totoa was faithful and good. He end of it was that the Boers and Panda made war together on Dingaan. / Tee, I made that war that we might be revenged ou Dingaan. Hub, my father, do little things lead to great Were we at the big fight, the battle of Magongof Yes, my father; we were there. When Dingaan's people drove us back, and all seemed lost, it was I who pat into the mind of Nongalaza, the general, to pretend to direct the Boers where to attack, for the Amaboona stood out of that fight, leaving it to ns black people. It was Umslopogaas who cut his way with Groan- Maker through a wing of one of Dingaan's regiments till he came to the Boer captain Ungalokulu, and ehooted to him to turn the flank of Dingaan. That finished it, my father, for they feared to stand against ub both, the white and the black together. Hey fled, and we followed and dew and Din- gaau vomou tu no « uug, He ceased to be a king, but he still lived, and while he lived our vengeance was hungry. So wa went to the Boer captain and to -Panda, end spoke to them nicely, saying, ' We have served you well, we have fought for you, and bo ordered things that victory is yours. Now grant as this request, that we may follow. Dingaan, who has fled into hiding, and kill him wherever we find him, for he has worked us wrong, and we would avenge it' Then the white captain and Panda smiled and said, 'Go, children, and prosper in y onr search. No one thing' shall please us more than to know that Diogaan is dead.' And they gave ns men to go with us. Then we fauuted tbat king week by week as men hunt a wounded buffalo. We hunted him to the jangles of the Umfalozi and through them. But he fled ever, for he knew that the avengers of blood were on bis spoor. After that for a while -we lost him. Theo we heard that he had crossed the Pongolo with some of the people who yet clung to him. We followed him to the place Kwa Myawo, and there we lay hid in the bosh watching. At last our chance came. Dingaan walked in the bash and with him two men only. We stabbed the men and seized him. Dingaan looked on us and knew us, and his knees trembled with fear. Then I spoke — 'What was that message which I sent thee, O Dingaan, who art no more a king — that thou didst ill to drive me away, -was it not f because I set thee on thy throne and I alone conld hold thee there V He made no answer, and I went on — j ' I, Mopo, son of Makadema, set thee on thy throne, O Diogaan, who wast a king, and I, Mopo, have palled thee down from thy throne. Bat my message did not end there. It said that, ill as thon hadst done to drive me away, yet worse shooldst thon do to look npon my face again, for that day should be thy day of doom.' Still he made do answer. Then Um slopogaas epoke — ' I am tbat Slaughterer, O Dingaan, no more a king, whom thon didst send Slayers many and fierce to eat np at the kraal of the People of the Axe: Where are thy Slayers now, O Diogaan f Before all is done thon shalt look npon them.' ' Kill me and make an end ; it is yonr hoar,' said Dingaan. ' Not yet awhile, O son of Senzmga- cona,' answered Umriopogaas, and not here. There lived a certain woman very fair to see and she was named Nada the Idly. I was her husband, O Dingaan, and Mopo here, he was her father. But, .alas ! ehe died, and sadly — she lingered 'three days and nights before she died. iThou shalt see the spot and hear the tale, O Diogaan. It will wring thy heart, which was ever tender. There lived certain .children, born of a woman named ;Zinita, little children, sweet and loving. .1 was their father, O Elephant in a pit, and a certain Dingaan slew them. Of them thou shalt hear ajso. Now away, for the .path is.rar ! Two days went by, my father, and Dingaan sat bonnd and alone in the cave on Ghost Mountain. We had dragged him elowly up the mountain, for be was heavy ae an ox. Three men poshing at him and three palling at a cord about his middle, -we dragged him np, staying now and again to show him the bones of those whom be bad sent ont to kill us, and telling him the . tale of that fight. . .Now'at length we were in the cave, and I sent away those .who were with os, for we wished to : he" alone with Dingaan atthe last.- He sat down on the floor of the cavej . and .1 told him that beneath the. earth on which he sat lay the bones of . tbat Nada whom he murdered and the boneacf Galazi the Wolt Then we rolled the stone down the mouth of the cave and left. him with the ghost of Galazi and the ghost of Nada. On the third day -before the dawn we came again.and looked on him. 'Slay me, he said, ' for the -Ghosts torment me V '-; ' ' No longer art thon great, O shadow of a king,' I eaid,- ' who now dost tremble before two Ghosts out of all the thous ands thou hast made. Hay, then, how flUBU lb late Wivu tucc.. " 7 thon-A-t — r i/ueir number!' : . Now Diogaan prayed for mercy. ' Mercy, Aon hiyrena I' I answered, ' thou prayeatipr ' mercy/who -ehowed none to any ! Give me backmy danghter. Give this man . back hie , wife and children ; then we will talk of mercy. Gome forth, coward, and die the death of cowards.' So, my father, we. dragged him out, groaning, to the cleft that Sa. above in the breast of the -old -Stone Witch, that cleft -where Galazihad found the bones. There we etood, waiting for the moment of the dawn, that hour when Nada bad died. -Theu iwe cried hew name into iris ears and the namee bf e children of Umalejpogqasjand, oast,1. Jrijh Into the cleft. That was the end of Bingaan/ my father— Dingaan, who. had : - the fierce hert' of Chaka without jjtfjgrefiMS. chjP&Sxxvl; His is thmila the Lily, my Either, and pfSMavoiged her. A sad tale— yos,«'i»4; tale ; bnt all was. !Badinttho,dayB.7,.--..rWM.:olLe.i8n Panda wasamanof There, is little more to telL I left the land where I conld etay no longer who had brought abont the deaths of two kings, and came here to Natal to live near where the kraal Dnguza onto had etood. The bones of Dingaan as they lay in the cleft were the last things my eyes beheld, for after that I tnrned blind, and saw the sun no more, nor any light why I do not know, perhaps from too much weeping, my father. So I changed my name, lest a spear might reach the heart that had planned the death of two kings and a prince — Chaka, Dingaan, Umhlangana of the blood royal. Silently and by night UmBlopogaas, my foster ling, led me across the bolder, and brought me here to Stranger ; and here as an old witch-doctor I have lived for many, many years. I am rich. Um slopogaas craved back from Panda the >.iAl . — £ _L!.L TUm.nnn liar) WAhUa) UtUilfl U1 WUIUU JJIIIgtmu usaia awwweu me, and drove them hither. Bnt none were here who had lived in the kraal Dnguza, none knew, in Zweete the blind -old witch-doctor, that Mopo who Blew Chaka, the Lion of the Znln. None know it now. Yon have heard the tale, andyrou alone, my fatheri ' Do not tell it again till I am dead. . ' ' Umslopogaas % Yes, he went back to the People of the Ave and ruled them, bnt they were never so strong again as they had been before they smote the Halakazi in their caves. Panda let him be and liked him well, for Panda did not know thatthe Slaughterer was son of Chaka his brother, and Umslopogaas let tbat dog lie, for when Nada died he lost hie desire to be great Yet he became captain of the Nkomabakosi regiment, and fonght in many battles, doing mighty deeds,-- and stood by Umbulazl, son of Panda, in the great fray on the Tngela,when Cety wayo slew his brother Umdulazi. After that also he plotted against Cety wayo, whom he hated, and bad it not been for a' certain white man,' a hunter named -Macumazahn, Umslopo gaas would have been killed. But the white man saved him by bis wit. Yes, and at times he came to visit me, for he still loved me as of old ; but now be -has fled north, and I shall hear bis voice no more. Nay, I do not know all the tale ; j there was a woman in it Women were ever the bane of Umslopogaas, my fosterling. I forgot the story of that woman, for I remember only these things that happened long ago, before I grew very old. Look on this hand, my father! I cannot eee it now ! and yet I, Mopo, son of Mskedama, seem to see it as once I saw, red with the blood of two kings. . Look on Suddenly the aged man ceased, his head fell forward on to his withered breast. When the Whits Man to whom he told this story lifted it and looked at him, he was 'dead ! (the end.) 