.Siftings.— - ■ ■ Fair"-'T __ Weather_■' ■_j .. , Yapcin^tions... „*•?« j ; ; -Sexagenarians.-: : Bar silver 3s 4|d per oz. Ghost seen at Elsternwick.' ; The King of Italy visits the' Emperor of Germany. Scottish Home Rule Asso ciation distrusf-'Mr Gladstone. The vessels of the Yictoriau Navy had the Union Jack flying' from the . masthead yesterday in honor of the 56th year of Her Majesty’s Access sionlo the Throne. Springheel Jack fiend scar ing people around Brighton • New Zealand athletes in England score second and thirds at Huhdersfield' athletic sports. .. • • Public officers salaries of £750 and upwards to be re duced per cent. Salaries of £300 and up to £750 in the Public Service to be reduced 5 per cent, and from £200 up to £300, per cent. _ . Max O-Rell’s provincial tour in Victoria- highly successful. South Australia’next. Robert Anderson,.who came to Melbourne from 'Frankston on Saturday night, fell into rough hands. He was as saulted and robbed of £60 in Victoria street. Detectives Macmanamyand Ward, who have been entrusted with the warrant for the arrest of Mrs Clara Parker have not been able to execute it. They .profess to be totally, ignorant of the whereabouts • of Mrs Parker." — Mr Dibbs draws hlBaron Rothschild." ^ _ '■ Stock - Tax irritation j in-: creasing. ; - Reduction in salaries of public officers. ' >; The mining, companies at Broken Hill' intend ;to give a month’s ii otice of the adoption of the contract system in! con nection with ore stoping.; The Distress ; Relief Fund executive 'fiiid "a d\fficiilty in relieving distress' in other ways than giving alms. Glenlotli State school, be tween St Arnaud and Wyche proof, was burned down: last night. The cause of the fire is unknown. The structure was a portable one -with teacher’s quarters. £50,000 to be saved -from defences..’ . -----> h s' - Twelve thousand delegates and one hundred thousand people at the- Belfast Anti Home Rule Convention. ; Mr Dibbs to dine, with the Prince of Wales at Lord Carrington’s on Thursday. Baron Rothschild considers Mr Dibbs’s scheme for the conversion : and consolidation of the New South Wales loans into 3£ per cents, practicable. ; Four Italian murderers lynched in the United States. ; A German force in East Africa has been defeated by the natives with the loss of two thirds of its number and one gun. - One , European killed and two wounded. The Treasurer has issued, a circular to all departments in terms of. the statement made by the Premier in his speech at Casterton—that reductions of 2^, 5, and. 7 per cent, be made in salaries. The Dean of Melbourne continues to make slow pro gress’ 'towards.. recovery from the., serious ;'illness he was takeii with last week. His medical advisers say that their patient, is doing very well. \--- The Cabinet has decided there shall be no amalgama mation of departments.. In spite .of retrenchment,.this will leave the door "open ; for a return to present conditions. Carlton defeated by Geelong after a grand game. Essen’don hold first place on the list With Carlton and Geelong a tie for second honors. Fitzroy third. ;;; ..Small:; ppx: ,has . broken out in Melbourne, several cases have been reported, and the victims quarantined. 