CHAPTER XXIX. OCTAVIA S SUSPICIONS. The carriage of Lord Hawkhurst turned into Oxford street and proceeded westward, becoming lost in a I throng of vehicles, as the bridal-party of Noble Desmond went eastward. Conyers still sat with a face that looked as if cut front marble, with staring eyes and terror-atr'icken visage. Octavia regarded him in amazement. " What is the matter ?" she asked sharply. "Have you taken leave of your senses ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." "I-I um ill!" gasped Conyers. "A Budden spasm of pain-at my heart. Don't speak to me !" " If you are ill, we must go home, I suppose," said Octavia, ungraciously. " And I have so much shopping to do in Bond-street-I must see the jeweller-can you not go home without me ?" The guilty, miserable man opposite her looked very haggard and worn, with a gray colour creeping over his face and a desperate look in his eyes. Guilty as he was, he might almost have been deemed worthy of pity in that moment, when the woman for whom he had sinned so, deeply exhibited such | heartless disregard of his suffering. " Let me alone," he said. "The fresh air may do me good." ~* I He leaned back upon his cushions, his face half hidden in the fur collar of his overcoat, his hat drawn over his brows. Octavia bowed right and left with smiling graciousnesB, to acquaintances in carriages and acquaintances on foot, for her circle of friends wbb already quite large-and the carriage turned into New Bond street. Octavia made her visit to the jeweller's, and while she was thus occupied, Conyers drove to a quiet little place not far distant, and procured a glass of brandy. His nerves strengthened by the quick stimulant, his coolness and courage began to return in some measure, and he hailed a passing hansom cab, and was driven back to the little gray old church. It was not closed. He went in. The clergyman was gone, but the clerk still lingered, being deep in conversation with the pew-opener. The idlers who had come in to witness the marriage were all de- parted. Conyers waited until the clerk had given some final orders to the pew-opener and had turned to depart, and then stepped forward with a courte- ous bow. " Excuse me, sir," he said, with an appearance of great respect. '* I beg yon to permit me to look at your marriage register, only for one moment. And as I cannot offer any recompense to a gentleman like yourself, permit me to show my gratitude by this contribution to your poor-box." Conyers drew from hiB pocket five golden sovereigns. The clerk took them up and dropped them into the poor-box. He then invited the young man to follow him into the vestry. The church safe was unlocked by the clerk, and the marriage register was brought forth and laid upon the desk. Conyers read the latest entry with blurred eyes and a wildly-beating heart : "Noble Desmond, bachelor," and " Beryl Star Conroy, widow." A sensation of faintness crept over him. He believed that he was safe. He muttered the word to himself again and again. Safe, safe ! He thanked the clerk politely and went out again into the street, every pvlse throbbing. " Let her dare attack me," he thought, savagely. " I'll fling the charge of bigamy back in her own teeth. Yet she is innocent. She believes me dead. She thinks my real name Conroy, and has told Desmond so. And I am really guilty of bigamy. They would punish me, but not her. Desmond did not see me : I'll swear to that. Will she tell him all the truth ? Will she set him on my track ? i And, if she does, will he endeavour to procure a divorce for her from me and marry her again? After all, I am in a ticklish situation. If I had Beryl to deal with I could command success, but Desmond is a lion." He dismissed his cab and walked out into Oxford street, mingling the midday throng of passers. Presently his chaotic thoughts took shape again. " How beautiful Beryl'looked when I first beheld her to-day ! She looked liked an angel. She is the only woman I ever loved, and I love her still If she had been well-born and rich, I might have been the happiest man in the world. Only four or five months since I was supposed to have died, and she is married to another !" he muttered jealously, " The only woman I ever loved, the woman I still love, ia Desmond's wife ! What a fatality !" He could have groaned in his anguish. All his old love for Beryl came back to him with renewed I strength, now that she was forever beyond his reach. Angry, jealous, and full of apprehensions, he paused abruptly at the kerbstone, intonding to signal a cab and return to Hawkhurst Honse. But before he could do so, the Hawkhurst carriage drew up in front of him, and a footman sprang lightly down and opened the door. "Oh, you truant !" cried Octavia, in high falsetto tones, shaking her muff at him with an affection of petty reproof. "Come, dear. Fortunate I Baw you on the kerb. We will go home now." Conyers ascended into the carriage and leaned back upon the cushions. " Home !" said Octavia. The carriage rolled slor'y and luxuriously along the street to the westward. " Do you feel better ?" asked Octavia. " You are looking miserably, Rollyn. Your complexion is actually green, and your eyei have quite a tigerish look in them. I couldn't imagine where you had disappeared to. I had a most delightful time at the jeweller's and bought a set of rubies that be- come me immensely, Octavia then lapsed into a silence which lasted until they reached the house in Park Lane. They alighted and went up to their piivate rooms, the the footman bringing in Mrs. Conyer's multifarious parcels. Octavia went into his own diessing-room, but she bade him imperiously to come into her room. He obeyed, listlessly. " Shut the door !" she commanded, looking into her dressing-room. " My maid is not hore, thank fortune. Sit down, Ko'iyn. Do you think you have deceived me to-day ?" Conyers sat down. " Deceived you ?" he repeated. " In what should I attempt to deceive you ?" I " You were no more ill than I, in the carriage !" said Octavia, tearing off her hat and gloves and flinging them upon her piano. " But you were frightened nearly to death ! Don't deny it. You looked turned to stone when you beheld Noble Desmond and that girl in front of that church. Who was the girl ?" " How do I know ?" asked Conyers, sullenly. " You knew. You have seen her before. I saw the look she gave you. And I know that when yon left me in Bond-street you went baok to that church. I was on my way back there to assi ra myself of the fact when I encountered you. Is Desmond married ?" "I suppose bo. If you're going to be jealous» Octavia, that will be the only thing necessary to render my life a hell upon earth. Pursue your present course if yon wish to become utterly abhorrent to me. As to your cross- questioning, do not practice it upon me." Octavia's eyes snapped viciously. "You have got a secret," she said, "and it is connected with Desmond's wife. I mean to pry it out. I shall find his address and call upon her." " Do bo, if you dare. Octavia, I've borne enough. Pry, into my..secrets, madam; and I'll go to Lord Hawkhurst and tell him your real character. Better let me alone." -J Arising, Conyers hurried out of the room. ' 