THE STO&YTKLLEB; That Wild Wheel. By Feaxceb Eleanob Trollope. CHAPTER XXXIX. Once more Gilbert Hazel was pacing- up and down that shabby little street hard by the Harrow Road. It was dark now ; and a dim light came through the. yellow blind of the little front parlour. Barbara was there ! He could picture j her sitting opposite to her uncle in the big arm- I cnair. remaps tine naa some needlework in her hand ; perhaps a book. He knew how she looked, with her head bent down, and the lamplight show ing the gloss of her soft brown hair .' It was not much past 7 o'clock ; but the wintry sky was black as it would be at midnight. To HdZil it seemed like a funeral pall spread above him. Too late— too late .' Why had he been doomed to come too late ? With what boyish eagerness he had hurried to William Hughes's studio that afternoon : How he had rejoiced in the despatch he had used in the Business, mm King mai so an hour was gained of Barbara's company — or, at the very least, an hour in which he might speak of her, and hear her S raises (for one who knew er, to speak of her was to praise her '.), and get, perhaps, a cheerful, en couraging word bidding him God-speed in his suit ! And he had but hastened the hearing of his own sentence. He had darkened the last rosy moments of the sunset ; he had shaken the last sands from the glass with his own hand ! Barbara was lost to him ! That, at first was all he knew — all that Hughes's words conveyed to him. What could he care for details — the how, the where Pain such as he felt is absorbing. He bad no faculty to spare for anything but tbe effort to bear this blow as a man should bear it ; and to bear it so he must be alone. He could not re main in the presence even of William Hughes. Sym pathy, friendship — these might come later. Now there was just the pain, and the pride of his man hood striving to bear it. He had gone out into the slreets, and walked about like a man in a dream. The beings around him flitted by like so many ghosts. Everything seemed unreal. Every thing — but the pain and the struggle to endure it, and be master of him self. He found himself in that poor little street he had trodden so hopefully only a few hours ago. Aud then by degrees he awoke to tbe und- rstand ing of much that Hughes had said, aud that liad lain dormant in his con sciousness. How had it been, then ? Yes ; this mau, wlio wi. s rich aud cultured, an I who could give her to much that poor Gilbert Hazel could not give — he loved her. That was of course ! He must love her, since his good Fati had given him the oppor tunity of being near her ; of frequenting her home as a familiar guest ; of watching the beauty of her mind and soul in the broad daylight of daily life. And Hughes had callcd this man generous and honourable ; aud had praised him for his de licacy aud sincerity, and a hundred good qualities. Yes ; they all came back to him now, the words he had heard, not comprehending or not heeding ; for what did it matter to him, with that great pain at his heart, ? ] i- — ami Lilt; mjuwiuuge tiiat he must never hope to have Barbara for his wife? But it did matter. He told himself now, as he walked up and down the muddy pavement outside her window, that it mattered vitally. For if he must live thenceforward the sadder for her sake, yet she might be happy. That was much. That was everything. It should be everything — only there was the pain at his heart. But he knew the first keen sharpness of it would pass. He was a man, and he had the courage of a man. Let him try to recall all that Hughes had said I He remembered crying out passionately, 'Does she love him ? Tell me does she love him ? Tell me does she love him And Hughes had answered vaguely — seeming, indeed, almost to shrink from speaking of Barbara's feelings, as something too sacred to be touched. He went back, by a strong effort of memory, over every detail of that interview. As he did so, still pacing up and down, a hansom cab dashed up to the door of Hughes's house, and a young man alighted from it. He was in evening dress : Hazel could see the white cravat as his overcoat fell back a little, and he carried a bouquet of flowers in his hand. A tall, upright, well-built fellow, Hazel measured him with a soldier's eye. He was so near that he heard the stranger ask Larcher. who opened the door, how Miss Copley was : and bid the old servant say that he had been that day at Nor wood, and 'had seen Miss Hughes, who was very well, and sent her love ; and Mr. Claude was much better. He had ventured to bring a few flowers for Miss Copley. He was engaged that evening. But Larcher was to tell Mr. Hughes that he hoped to come and beg for some tea to morrow afternoon, and give them all the news of Norwood. Then he got into the cab again ; and, mentioning the name of a theatre, bade the driver pelt along as hard as he could, for he was late. Hazel heard it all — even to the slight foreign accent, and the little guttural sound of ccrtain letters. So that was the man ! And he might go in there, into that room, and sit near her, and speak to her, and hear her thank him for his flowers in that voice that was sweeter than sweet music, and see that smile that was like a ray shining straight out of Heaven — he had the privilege of doiug this, and he drove away and left it behind him ] And then Hazel lifted his head and looked at the dim light behind the yellow blind : and, with As Hazel was pacing up aud down, a hansom cab dashed up to the door of Hughes's house and a young man alighted from it ? he carried a bou-iuet of flowers in his hand.— Chapter XXXIX, a new strength of purpose in his face, he said to himself : ' Yes ; if she is to be happy, I will fold my arms and go down, and the waters shall close over my head. But I will be sure first that it is for her happiness. If there's a doubt, by the help of God, I'll swim for it ! '' Perhaps no explanation that could have been given of Mr. Hofmanns behaviour on this occa sion would have satisfied Barbara's less fortunate lover ; but then the latter was, as Mrs. Armour had disparagingly remarked of him, high-flown and romantic. The true explanation, however, was this : — Fritz, when he brought Olga home from Nor wood, was met by Mrs. Kettering, with the re quest that he would escort his cousins to the play that evening. She and Mr. Kettering were engaged out to dinner ; Sally Stringer had returned to her own house, and there was no one with whom to send the girls. Ida had leave from Dr. Slocombe to go. Would not Fritz take them ? Fritz demurred. He purposed spending his evening otherwise. Then his Aunt Gertrude had spoken more confldentially. The fact was, the ticket for a private box had been brought to the house that afternoon by Perikles Rhodonides. It ! was his mother's box, and had been placed at his ' disposition. He had heard the youmg ladies say they wished to see this particular piece, and he knew there were no places to be had for weeks to - come, and so he had ventured to offer Mrs. ! Kettering the box. j 'I refused at first, because Uncle Philip and I are engaged, you know. But then I thought of you, Fritz. I was so sure you wouldn't mind, j And Rhodonides looked so disappointed when I \ told him I feared we could not accept ' j ' Upon my word, Aunt Gertrude, I do not care j one straw whether he is disappointed or not.' ; 'OL, Fritzchen, that is very disagreeable of I you! But the girls would be disappointed, too.' j At this point Ida burst into the room, and pre- | ferred her own petition without the least reticence ! or dignity. What ! Did Fritz refuse to take them to the play? Oh, she couldn't believe he would be so nasty and horrid ! The first chance she had had, too, (if going out for ages and ages ! And she and Ojga had been longing to see this particular play more than any other play that had ever been played. Why, Fritz might think himself lucky to get the chance. Of course he would enjoy it ; . only he chose to bo so grand and give himself airs, and pretend he liked reading metaphysics better than pojng- to the play, which was absurd on the face of it to any sane mind .' Oh, but would he? Would he really r Then he was a dear and a duck, and a Gohl~Fntzchen, hurrah ! And. away ran Ida to tell her sister the news, and pin Fritz to his consent beyond the possibility of retractation. ' I dare say Rhodonides will look in on you in the course of the evening,' said Mrs. Kettering, complacently, when the matter was settled. 'Oh, of course!' grumbled Fritz, ''That's Ic mot de Vi-nigme. That's what the whole business is got up for.' ' Fritz !' '' Oh, understand me, Aunt Gertrude. Pray don t imagine me guilty of the impertinence of applying that phrase to you ! But it's plain enough to be seen what Rhodonides is after.' 'It wasn't at all plain to you until I told you,' rejoined Mrs. Kettering, with her quiet, matter of-fact bluntness, which sometimes had the force of a sarcasm. ' But I think you are right now ; and why should he not have his chance ? When you fall in love yourself, Fritz, you will have a fellow-feeling for such little ruses dc guerre.' was silent for -a minute. Then he said, with his own good-humoured smile, ' Well, it's a comfort to know that one of the partv will enjoy his coming, anyway, How delightful to be six teen, and to venture to say out what you mean what you like, and what you dislike, without fear or favour ! ' ' If you are alluding to me,' exclaimed Ida who returned just in time to hear this speech. ?? j beg to say that I am seventeen and a quarter : and I scarcely ever dare say what I mean, because what I mean generally turns out to be impolite to somebody '. But I do mean that you are a darlino for taking us to the play to-night — and Olira -art the. same.' ' Did Olga say I was a darling r' ' Oh, well, not exactly those words, you know. But when I told her you would go, she turned quite red with joy.' Then Fritz took his leave. He would not re turn to dine at the Ketterings' house. He had or two little matters to attend to. But lie would be in waiting at the door of the theatre to inud his cousins out of their carriage at a quarter be fore 8 punctually. The event fully justified Fritz's declaration that at least one member of the party would enjoy the evening. Ida came home radiant : and after Olga, pleading fatigue, had gone to bed, Ida sat by the fire in her mother's dressing-room, chatting in the highest spirits. The play had been lovely ; and their box Lad been the very best iu the lirmco -Pr\T* Com'n rr ovi/3 1.r . ,, ing ; and Mr. Rhodon ides, who had a stall just, beneath them, cam*' up after the first act. aud stayed in their box al! : he rest of tbe time. And lie had made himself so a irrit able ! He knew the nanu s of so many persons in : Le house, and he knew s-.iih- of them personally: and he told Ida who they wer.-. and all sorts of interesting things about thc-ni. ' But, Ida, I hope you didn't bore him r' .v. id her mother. ' You ku'w you sometimes ask to., many questions.' ' No, mamma, I didn't bore him the least bit ! He's just like me : be thinks it very tiresome to be always talking up in the clouds about what Fritz calls abstract ques tions. He says he likes people who are in -t ashamed to take an in terest in the real things around them. Stay ! I believe it was I who said that. But he quite agre. d with me, and he hat.- theories. I think thcori'- only muddle people. And Mr. Rhodonides think too.' ' And was Fritz civil to him r' asked Mr. Ket tering, after a little pause . ' Civil to him'r Oh. yes. I don't think thi.-y talked to each other much. But they shook hands, ami all that, when we cane out.' ' And — Olga ' Olga didn't talk much either. But, mamma. 1 never saw Olga look pretty as she looked to night. Her eyes sheue so, and she had such a colour! That new froi-k shows off her white throat and arms so well. I wish my arms were plump ai.-! pretty like Olga' s. Lvt.ry body was admiring In r. I saw lots ox people lock ing at her through their opera - glasses. But I don't think she notin-d them ; and I didn't say anything.' ' And she looked pleased — happy ? ' in quired the mother. '? As pleased as Pun^h ! Aud now I suppose I niu-' go to bed. And mind you tell Dr. Slocombe how much good going to t lie- theatre has done me.' Fritz had laughingly told Ida, in reply to lier e-iger questions as tlu-y were driving home, that he had been a victim anil a martyr ; and that -!i-- never could be gr.tt el n. enough forthe sacrifice h- ? had made iu giving up iii serious evening for her frivolous amusement. But he admitted to himself that the hours so spent had beeu pleasant to him. And then he re solved to carry out forth with an intention which had been for some time in his mind. This intention was to offer Hughes the commis sion to paint a picture for him. It could be done, he thought, without incurring the suspicion ot desiring rather to serve the artist than to please himself ; for he had noticed on the wall of Miss Hughes's little sitting-room a spirited sketch of the port of Marypool, from the heights above the town ; and he knew that he could make no more acceptable present to his mother than a finished painting from that sketch, if Hughes would undertake it. So in the afternoon of the day following the visit to the theatre, Fritz repaired to the painter's studio ; whence he purposed, after the business should be arranged, walking hoim with Hughes to have tea, as he had announced to Larcher yesterday. But Fritz had another purpose in his mind, also. His talk with Olga at Norwood, and the in cidents of last evening, had brought vividly before him that his position with respect to Miss Copley was a false one, and that it behoved him to make it true and clear without delay. If there now apjjeared to be some vague danger that certain philosophical theories he had held about himsell (Continued on page 1 1 lS.y1 might not eventually stand the test of practice as satisfactorily as he had conceived beforehand, . Fritz knew himself to be a man of honour. Here, at least, was firm ground. Let his position to wards Miss Copley be distinctly and publicly, acknowledged, and no doubt a variety of strange, uneasy, conflicting — what should he call them ? — ? fancies would disappear like mists in the sun shine. He -would speak with Barbara that very day. At the studio, to which he mounted with his usual vigorous, swinging step, he did not observe until he had rung a hasty peal at the bell a piece of paper fastened to the door, on which was written ' W. Hughes out. Return at five ' It was now but a minute or so past 4. What should he do meanwhile ? As Fritz stood there irresolute, a door on the same landing was opened, and Mrs. Green, appear ing at it, inquired civilly if she could take any note or message for Mr. Hughes. ' You are very good,' said Fritz, with a bow. ' But — no ; I think not. I must speak with Mr. Hughes myself. I suppose I had better go away, and come back again. Perhaps — if it is not tres passing on your kindne«s — you would not object to say that Frederick Hofmann has been there, and will return? In case, I mean, that Mr. Hughes should come back first.' Mrs. Green knew his name very well ; and knew his relationship to Hopkins's rich customer, Mrs. Kettering. He might he a possible pur chaser of pictures himself ! With the desire to do her neighbour a good turn, she invited Mr. Hof mann to walk in, and wait in her studio. ' It isn't a pleasant day for strolling about,' she said. ' And you won't inconvenience me in tbe least, I assure you. I am an old neighbour — and I hope I may sayan old friend — of Mr. Hughes. If you will come in, you are heartily welcome.' It was said with so much cordiality that Fritz accepted her offer. All 1he more readily because he had heard Miss Hughes and Barbara speak in high terms of the friendliness of the little flower painter. And in a few minutes they were chatting together like old acquaintances. Presently Mrs. Green insisted on Mr. Hofmann's sharing her afternoon tea ; and over those cheer ful cups she became more communicative than ever. ' People do say, Mr. Hofmann, that young Copley won't live to come into the money. But who can tell ? And if he only lives a day after his twenty-first birthday he has the power to will away the property just as he likes. And you'd hardly believe what shoals of — well, I call 'em sharks — will swim after such a chance as that !' It was quite a new view to Fritz to consider any member of the Hughes family as the object of greedy pursuit ; and he said so. ' Oh, dear, yes,' 6aid Mrs. Green, nodding her head shrewdly ; 'I happen to be in the way of hearing a good deal about them one way and another. Amongst other things' — and here Mrs. Green chuckled a little to herself — 'I'm honoured (and bothered !) with the confidences of an adorer of Miss Copley's. Oh, you needn't think I am traitor. The young man makes no secret of it. Indeed, I believe he likes nothing better than to talk about it to anybody who will listen.' Fritz looked gravely attentive. The recollec tion of Barbara's face when he saw her for the first time after his proposal came vividly into his mind. Might he, possibly, be coming on a clue as to what had perplexed him then and many times since ? , ' And has this candid gentleman taken Miss Copley into his confidence as well as the rest of the world ?' he said, quietly sipping his tea. ' I can't say positively, but I don't believe he has spoken to her ; and if he takes my advice he won't.' 'Really!' ' No. Oh, bless you, Mr. Hofmann, the thing's ridiculous ! As I spoke just now about sharks, it is only fair to say that the young man is not a shark — anyway, not as far as Miss Copley is con cerned. I believe he is disinterested enough there. But, dear me, she is miles above him.' ' Perhaps that might he said of most men,' observed Fritz, thoughtfully stroking his mous taches. ' Well, so it might — in a way ! You are quite right, Mr. Hofmann ; and it really is delightful to find how well you appreciate Miss Copley. I'm an immense admirer of hers, I assure you. But in this case ? Oh, well, if you saw the party .for two seconds you would understand that he hasn't the ghost of a chance. Not the ghost ! The fact is — he's too vulgar.' Fritz had been dimly conscious of some mag nanimous impulses. What if there should be a secret story of true love crossed by duty and hard circumstances ? And what if it should be in his (Fritz Hofmann's) power to make its course run smooth by the sacrifice of his own feelings and projects r But Mrs. Green's last words brought him up short. ' ' Vulgar ! ' No, if Mrs. Green were right . there, the young man, whoever he was, certainly had not the ghost of a chance. Then Mrs. Collins, the charwoman, announced that Mr. Hughes had come back ; and Fritz, with many thanks for the flower- painter's hospitality, went away to his friend's studio. CHAPTER XL. There was some one in the studio with Mr. Hughes when Fritz entered it— a lady, who must have arrived at the same time with the former — a lady of a tall figure, who towered above ?the painter by nearly a head, not to mention the crown of a high hat — a lady who was in the act of shaking hands with Mr. Hughes, and saying, in a loud, almost threatening, voice, ' How do you do ? You never came to see me, so I have come to see you. But my belief is that your nephew never gave you a word of my message, for I will not ciedit a fickle ness of disposition, much less a want of politeness in one whose manners were the theme of universal comment. I beg your pardon ! ' This last ejaculation was addressed to Fritz Hofmann, who had been standing close behind her, unable to pass, and unable, also, to make her aware of his presence. She had become aware of it now by backing against him with some force in the emphasis of her speech . 'Oh, Hofmann, is it you'r' said Mr. Hughes, looking up at him with his eyebrows in a perplexed knot, aud the humorous smile faintly discernible at the corner of his mouth. There was, too, an indefinable, but quite unmistakable, . expression in his face of feeling Hofmann's pre sence to be a protection to him, and at the same time a consciousness of the absurdity of any such feeling — all subtly mingled together, and chang ing and melting into one another as he stretched out his arm beyond Miss Jenks — who stilljblockep the gangway — and shook hands with j^B^Sroung man. J ?;& ' I beg your pardon ! ' said Miss J®ks again , ; facing round, as if at some military word of com mand, to look at Fritz. ' I was not aware of any one so close behind me, and almost staggered.' Fritz had quite staggered. But he was stal wart enough to resist the shock ; and he received Miss Jenks's gracious apology with a low bow, and begged her not to mention it. And then Hughes ushered them both into the room. To Miss Jenks was assigned,.the seat of honour — an. old wooden arm-chair, with a cushion covered with faded red chintz — while - William perched hinjself on a board supported on two trestles, and Fritz remained standing, with his elbow on the mantel-shelf. ' And so this,' said Miss Jenks, looking round her with a solemn stare, ' is an artist's stewdyo ! I never was in one before, except when I went to be photographed — a most elegant place, with a red velvet sofa, like the outside of the hotel omnibus at Vevey. I remember my woollen gown stuck to it.' ' Ah ! ' said Hughes, shaking his head, 'we can't rival the photographers.' ' Oh, but you don't take sitters, you see That makes a difference.' ' Well — perhaps it does.' ' To be sure it does,' said Miss Jenks, encou ragingly. ' And, indeed, I must say, that what with the heat and the glare, and the chemical smell, I felt quite ? ' Miss Jenks paused here as though fastidiously selecting her epithet, and then said, very loudly and emphatically, 'Sick ! ' ' Well — well,' said Hughes, gravely, after a moment's silence, ' I hope that in some respects we may have the pull of the photographers after all ! ' Fritz's blue eyes were fixed on Miss Jenks with such undisguised curiosity, that he started and coloured a little when she unexpectedly turned her head and caught him. But she merely said, affably, ' I hope I didn't hurt you, although not having tbe pleasure of your name.' William Hughes presented him. ' Mr. Fred erick Hofmann. Miss Jenks.' 'Oh, indeed!' said Miss Jenks. 'I have heard of you from a mutual friend.' Fritz bowed. 'And what's more, I had the pleasure of knowing your cousin, Miss Ida Kettering, on the Continent.' Fritz, recalling Sally Stringer's description of the party at Monplaisir, looked anywhere rather than at William Hughes. ' And being- from the Continent yourself,' pursued Miss Jenks, ' I must tell you that I was very much pleased with it — very much indeed.' Fritz politely expressed his gratification on be half of Europe generally, and then— by way of a hint to her that the painter's time was of value — expressed a hope that he was not interrupting her business with Mr, Hughes. ' I did not come on business,' returned Miss Jenks. ' Oh ! ' ' No ; although any business calculated to assist Mr. Hughes in his profession must ever be an un feigned object with me, my present visit was dic tated by far different sentiments.' 'Oh!' ' Some unpleasant remarks were made in the boarding-house where I at present reside— by a person who I will not derogate by describing be yond the simple mention that her name is Towzer — about my visiting a gentleman's stewdyo. But the unpleasantry at once fell flat when I stated that the gentleman was strictly landscape.' ' Fritz, looking very like his cousin Ida, gazed at Miss Jenks in frank bewilderment ; and even William's quickness was at fault. 'Strictly landscape,' repeated Miss Jenks, with a virtuous air. ' I should object to bring myself in contact with anything anatomical; ; nor are those who know me best likely to 'suppose otherwise.' Th ere was a pause, during which Miss J enks mani fested the solid self-satisfaction arising from a con science at ease ; and William Hughes's counte nance was a, perfectstudy of conflicting expressions, among which intense enjoyment of Miss Jenks's conversation, aud an uneasy desire to get rid of her, predominated. 'Do you know I have been under this roof more than three-quarters of an hour ?' 6aid Fritz, breaking the silence. Then he narrates Mrs. Green's hospitable behaviour, and Hughes de clared heartily that Mrs. Green was one of the best souls he knew. 'And she insisted on giving me some tea,' added Fritz. 'Just like her! I'm glad you accepted. It would delight her.' 'Oh!' exclaimed Miss Jenks, .suddenly, straightening herself rigidly in .her chauf3' _ahd- assuming her inexorable drill -sergeant manner, ' Do you think Mrs. Green would^ give1 -me some tea?' ? - - ' ' ' - : The two inen looked at each other, and neither spoke. 'Because,' continued Miss Jenks. vigorously, 'I feel rather faint at this hour, being accus tomed to it : and I am acquainted with a friend of' Mrs. Green's by the name of Mr. Nathaniel Coney, besides being a friend of Mr. Hughes'6, .and I shouldn't in the least mind asking her.'- v 'I've no doubt she would,' said Fritz, all at once. ' I'll go and speak to her.' He started out of the studio so briskly that Hughes had some difficulty in catching him on the landing, where — having carefully closed his own door behind him, he made some whispered remon strances in Fritz's ear. 'No, no, not at all,' answered Fritz, obsti nately. ' Not a shame at all. If I don't mistake, Mrs. Green is perfectly well able to take care of herself ; and I'm quite sure she would be glad to release you from that vampire of a woman, who must be got rid of somehow ! Mrs. Green is so sharp and shrewd that she'll manage it right.' And thereupon Fritz rang loudly at Mrs. Green's bell, while Hughes returned to his own studio. ' I must now mention,' said Miss Jenks, ab ruptly, as soon as he reappeared alone, 'that I wish to know the address of your aunt, Miss Hughes, and of Miss Copley, your niece, as I intend to leave a card on each of them.' William drew back, and looked at her with a new expression. It would not do at all to give Miss Jenks £he power of bestowing her society on Aunt Judith and Barbara just now, when there was so much anxiety and care on their shoulders about Claude. Indeed, William doubted whether Aunt Judith would have appreciated Mies Jenks under any circumstances. And it was as charac teristic of Mm to be stanch in defending the dear ' women at home, as it was to be soft in defending himself. He therefore answered coldly that Miss Jenks was very obliging, but that his aunt. Miss Hughes, was away from home, and that, more over, she did not desire to receive any visits at present. It is not for a moment to be supposed that Miss Jenks would have accepted this reply as final. And, indeed, she had opened her mouth to say so, when Fritz came back, took Miss Jenks on his arm, conducted her at a very quick march across the landing, and in at Mrs. Green's door, which, after a rapid word of introduction between the two ladies, he shut again smartly, leaving Miss Jenks inside it. ' There !' said he, passing1 his hand trium phantly through his hair. ' Von Moltke could' nt have managed it better !' 'It is rather a case of Napoleon's big bat talions,' said Hughes. 'If you had been an inch shorter or a stone lighter, I don't believe you could have done it !' Fritz laughed. 'She is certainly a tremendous female,' he said. But, having got rid of her, Fritz insisted that his friend should come away without taking any further leave of Miss Jenks, who was quite safe in Mrs. Green's hands for tlie next ten minutes at least. Hughes would not have consented to this measure, but for the thought of Aunt Judith and Barbara. They must be protected at all costs. 'But isn't she wonderful? Isn't she au ex quisite creature r' said Hughes to Fritz, with ex traordinary earnestness as they walked away together. If Miss Jenks could but have heard him ! Meanwhile, that practical-minded woman was improving the occasion — firstly, by drinking Mrs. Green's tea, and eating Mrs. Green's toast : and, secondly, by getting all the information out of her that she could. Miss Jenks, as we know, had her own motives for visiting Mr. Hughes. But she had also oome as. in some sort, the agent of Mrs. Armour. Juliet had. with indescribable bitterness of spirit, been uuable finally to resist the conclusion that Dalton's will was unassailable. But then si sinister and lurid kind of hope had begun to illumine thedark ness of that prospect. Claude was very ill. Claude might die before he came into his inheritance. In that case J uliet and her sister were to divide the eighth of the whole. There was great confusion and uncertainty as to what the total amount of the property might be. It consisted almost entirely of shares in many various investments, and it was not possible to estimate their value accurately, pending the arrival of further details from Mr. lleuben Wilford,. Daltou's agent in New York. But the lowest calculation Juliet had heard (it was Coney's, and Coney had some knowledge on the subject) put the amount of Dalton's fortune at a quarter of a million sterling. Now Juliet Armour would, six months ago; have looked upon even the sixteenth part of that sum as riches. But her view had changfed. Others would take more than her share four or five times told . There was the sting ! Aud, be sides, Claude might be weakly and delicate, but he would in all probability survive his next birth day ; the time was very shori now. And if he did so, he would be absolute master of all that wealth, to do what he would with. And after much meditation — which, however, it did not take very long to accomplish, thought ' being almost as independent of time as of space — Mrs. Armour decided in her own mind that she had committed an error in quarrelling with Claude, and that she must now do her best to retrieve it. It might not be easy, and would certainly be dis agreeable ; but she would try it. She would fight for her rights. She had been treated with in famous injustice, aud need not show any consi deration to her enemies. As to Claude, she could easily regain her influence over him, if once she had access to him again. The foolish boy had worshipped the very ground she walked on ! Mrs. Armour remembered with a malicious smile cer tain complaints and certain impatiently dispara ging words that she had led Claude on to utter against his uncle ; and she told herself that she knew whose influence would triumph if it ever came to a struggle between herself and Mr. Hughes. But the first point was how to approach Claude. She wished to do so warily, aud as if by accident. She had heard — for Dalton's heir was watched now by suspicious eyes— that young Copley had gone from home for change of air, and was lod ging close to London. Hopkins could probably have told her his address; or Lady Lambton.. But she would rather not question them on the subject. Then, when she discovered that Miss Jenks entertained the design of calling to see Mr. Hughes on her own account, Mrs. Armour charged her to find out all she could about his nephew : and especially his present whereabouts. ' You must not mention my name,' she said. ' And it would be no passport to Mr. Hughes's . good graces. But if you can get me young Copley's address, without any fuss, I'll give you ?, my green bonnet.' Miss Jeuks no sooner found herself alone with 3Irs. Green than it occurred to lier that this chatty little woman — who was evidently proud of her in timacy with the Hughes family — might furnish her with the information she wauted. And Mrs. Green — who did happen to know Claude's ad dress, from having posted a letter from William Hughes to his Aunt Judith — wrote it down oii a card without any hesitation. Mr. Hofmann had not had time to say many words to Mrs. Green ; but he had briefly conveyed j to her that the lady in her neighbour's studio was ' a bore, that it would be a service to Mr. Hughes 1 to relieve him of her presence, and that he (Fritz I Hofmann), feeling assured, even after his brief ; acquaintance with her, of 3Irs. Green's good sense and kind heart, had taken the liberty of appealing to her for help. The flower-painter was, therefore, unprepared for Miss Jenks's peculiarities, and observed her curiously as a new specimen. But on two points Mrs. Green soon made up her mind — namely, that Miss Jenks would sponge on her if she could, and that she would resolutely decline to be sponged on. Consequently, when Miss Jenks, on rising to go away, said, in her most impressive manner, ' Mr. Hofmann assured me that, as a friend of dear Mr. Hughes, and mutually acquainted with other parties, you would be most happy to welcome me, which I have found to be the case.' Mrs. Green replied with great distinctness that it was a chance her having been at home at that hour, and was most unlikely ever to occur again. But Mrs. Green was as yet unacquainted with the dauntless and persistent character of her visitor. ' I shall now ' said Miss Jenks, majestic^ return to Mr. Hughes's stewdyo, t.hankin« T, for tlie refreshment, which was most exceptaW'' ' Don't mention it. But I think Mr. Hu^hV is gone,' rejoined Mrs. Green, with cheorfuC.^ ' Gone ! ' ' 'I fancy so. It's about the hour when Ik usually does go. He has a great many en-:;, fo- ments, you know, and his time is of value 'Wl I am going out myself directly, so I lrm^ ^ you good afternoon.' * ' Notwithstanding Mrs. Green's opinion on ,1., subject, Miss Jenks marched across the Lii.-J;',, and tugged at Mr. Hughes's bell. But a m v''^\ and a third peal eliciting no replv, sin.' at le-v-th reluctantly came to the conclusion that ho'w'* really gone. And, reviewing the dwunwt«iH-'i ? with slow and dogged attention, the idea daw*;, V1 on her that Mr. Hofmann, in hustling ].,.r as he had done, had been actuated less bv auer tion to her comfort than by the desire to ire-t rid ^ of her. ' ~ 'Well, never mind,' said Miss Jenks to her self. ?' I was very glad of the tea— beinir extra, and not included iu the board .it Pringle's— and I can come back some day wh, u he is by himself. And. at any rati'. I shall ]lir, that green bonnet.' {To be continued. 