The Empress of the League. ! CHAPTER II. Without the city walls, hidden by the umbrella pines, and back from those socluded walks where young Rome takes it« pleasures, stood the Villa Salvarina, almost under the shade of the walls, and hard by the gate of San Pancrario. In the more prosperous days of the Eternal City, it might have been, and indeed was, the residence of some great Roman family ( but aristocracies decline, and families pass away ; and the haughty owners were by no means averse to making a few English pounds by letting it to any traveller who bad the inclina- tion or the means to spend a few months there. The present tenant at this bright Easter-time, Sir Geoffrey Charteris, of Grosvenor Square, London, W., and Havcrsham Park, in the county of Dorset, baronet, deputy-lieutenant, and justice of the peace, was a man of long descent. The pale azure fluid in his vein* was not the blood of us poor mortals: his life-giving stream bad been trans- mitted through succeeding generations from a long line of gallant warriors and gentle dames j from fearless ancestors who followed, their sovereign at the call to arm«, marched with Richard di «h" Lion-heart to the Holy Sepulchre, and maybe crossed »word« with the doughty Saladin himself. The title, oonferrod npon a Charteris by the Black Prince in person, after the glorious field of Crecy, had known no tarnish as it passed down the long line of great and good men-soldiers, statesmen, and divines-to the present worthy representative of all these honours. Not that he had greatly distinguished himself in any field, eave as Under j secretary in a short-lived, inglorious Ministry, where he had made a lasting name a« the most in- competent individual ever appointed to office, though he dated every subsequent event, and prefixed every after-dinner story by an allusion to the time when he was in the Earl of Muddleton't Ministry. The reception rooms of the villa were crowded when our friends arrived. It was a kind of in- formal after-dinner reception, attended by most of tin» English visitor« lingering after the carnival, with some sprinkling of the resident aristocracy | for Sir Geoffrey liked to gather people round him, birth and genius (wing equally welcome. Sir Geoffrey looked /»very inch an English gentleman, standing there among his guests. He wa« appar- ently about fifty years of age, tall and straight, thoroughbred from his stiff gray hair to the small shapely feet, as yet untroubled by the family gout. His eyes were pale blue, and somewhat weak i his face, clear-cut and refined, with an aquiline nose, and a high, white forehead j but the whole marred by a mouth weak and nervous to the last degree A connoUieur of art, a dabbler in literature, and last, but not least, a firm believer in spiritualism. Enid Charteris, hi« only daughter and heiress, a girl about eighteen, must be taken for granted. Imagine in all your dream« of fair women what a golden- bronxed-harred girl should be, and you have Enid, with al! he>r c-hsrm« of manner and person, | with that perfect expreasion without which the matt claatie features are cold. She smiled brightly aa the new-comers entered. It is not given to every one to be able to disguise their likings and antipathies, and it did not neel a practical eye to see her cold greeting for Le Gautier, and the in- stantaneous glance for Maxwell. I " ! really began to think you were going to fail me," she said ; " and this ia the last of our recep | lion» too. " I ahall al waya have pleasant recollection» of ray 1 visit to Borne." "We have been dining with Maxwell, Mist Carteris," Viaci explained. " Could we forget you, if we tried ! And now, before you are «o engaged that you can hare no word for poor me, I want to ask you a favor. We are going to my country re on Friday treat and my sister Geneviève ii dying to BOO you. Do persuade Sir Geoffrey to come." " Here he is to answer for himself," she replied, a« the baronet sauntered np to the group -" Papa, you must promise to take me to see Signor Visci's country house on Friday.-Do you hear ?" " Anything you say i#i law, my dear," Sir Geo- ffrey answered with comic resignation. "Any- thing you desire.-Le Gautier, I wish to «peak to you," ho whispered quietly j " come to me pre. »ently.-Salvanini, you here P I thought you had forsworn gaieties of all descriptions. Glad to tee you are thinking better of your misanthropy." Le Gautier turned off with the baronet somewhat impatiently, leaving the rest together. Salvatini, looking on somewhat thoughtfully, almost fancied there was a lo.tk of relief in Enid's face as the Frenchman left i certainly «be was less constrained. " We »hall look forward to Friday wi th great pleasure, then, Signor Visci," she said. " I have heard you «peak 60 much of the Villa Mattio that I am expecting to see a perfect paradise." " With two Eves," Maxwell whUpered in English. Visci was not a man to misunderstand the meaning of true company, so, with a bow and a little complimentary speech, ho turned aside taking Salvarini by the arm, and plunged into the glittering crowd. " I do not understand the meaning thore," Sal. varini remarked as they walked through the roams " If Maxwell means-" " Orange blossoms," Visci interrupted laconi- cally ¡ " and right, too. Let us get into the music room. Le Fann is going to play." Maxwell remained by Enid's side, toying with her fan and discoursing in their native language in a low voice. From the expression in his face and the earnest ring in his voice, there was no doubt- ing the power of attraction that chained him there. " Whon do you leave Rome, Miss Charteris ?" he asked, abruptly changing the conversation. " This ia your lost reception, I know." " We shall leave in the middle of next week fo certain. I shall be very sorry for some reasons, for I have been happy here " "I sholl probably return with yon," Maxwell observed. " I have deferred my departure too long already. It would be pleasant to leave together. " After learning everything that Rome could teach 7ou," Enid putin archly. " Then the Eternal City has no more artistic knowledge to impart ?" " Yes ¡ I have learned some lessons here," Maxwell replied, with a tender inflection, "besides artistic ones. I have been learning one lately that I am nevei likely to forget. Am I presumptuous, Miss Enid?" "Really, Mr. Maxwell, you are too mysterious If I could understand you" " I think you do understand me i I fervently hops you do." For a moment a little wild-rose bloom trembled and flushed on the girl'« cheek, then she looked dows, playing with her fan nervously. No reason to say she did not understand now. Maxwell did not follow np his advantage) some instinct warned him nott and adroitly changing the conversation, he told her of his life in Rome each passing moment linking his chains the firmer. Gradually, as they «at talking, a group of men gathered round, break;; ing in upon their Ult-aUU laughing and talking in the most approvod drawing-room fashion. In a distant corner, Sir Geoffrey had button- holed Le Gautier, and was apparently deep in conversation on some all-absorbing subject. Th« Frenchman was a good listener, with that rare faculty of hearing all that was worthy of note, and entirely ignoring the superfluous. He was not > man to talk much of himself, and consequently heard a great deal of family history i details and information that astute young man had found valuable on occasion«. He was interested now, Maxwell thought, as he Idly speculated upon hi« face. " Yes," Sir Geoffrey wa* saying, "I stn firmly impressed with that belief." Ho bad got upon hi« favourite topic, and was talking with great volu- bility. " There are certain gifted beings who can call spirit« from the vasty deep, and, what 1« more, the spirits will come. My dear sir, they have been manifested to me." "I should not wondor," Le Gautier repUod, stifling a yawn in ita birth. " I think you a» quite right. I am what people call a median myself, and have assisted at many a «fiance." " Of course, you believe the same as I. Let un- believers «coff if they will, I shall always belief« the evidence of my eyes." " Of course," Le Gautier returned, politely, hit thoughts wandering feebly in the direction of nightmare, and looking round for tome mean« of escape. " I have seen ghosts myself, or thought I have." " It is no imagination, Le Gautier," Sir Geoffrey continued, with all the prosy earnestness of a man with a hobby. " The strangest coincidence hap- pened to me. My lato brother. Sir Ughtred, whs has been dead nearly twenty ycart, manifest*! himself to me the other night Surely thtt implies some coming evil, or some duty I han neglected ?" "Perhaps he charged you with some com- mission," Le Gautier observed, and pricking np hit ear» for any «crap of information. " Not that I remember i indeed, I did not lae him for year« before he died. He was an eccentric man, and an extreme politican-in fact, he got into serious trouble with the authorities, and might even have been arrested had he not removed him- self to New York." " New York ?', queried Le Gautier, wondering vaguely where be had heard of this Ughtred Charteris before. " Wat he connected with any secret society-any Socialist conspiracy ?" "Do yon know, I really fancy he was," Sir Geoffroy whispered mysteriously. There wow certaintly some curious things in hit effect« which were tent to me. I can show you tome now if you would like to see them." Le Gautier expressed his willingness, and the baronet led the way into a «mall room at the back of the house, half library, half studio. In ot* corner was an old ebony cabinet, and opening th« front he displayed a multitude of cariosities «uck a« a man will gather together in the course of years. In one little drawer wa« a cate of coins. La Gautier turned them over careletwly one by ona till, suddenly «tarting, be eagerly lifted one and held it to the light "Where did you get this?" he asked abruptly. Sir Geoffrey took it in hi« hand. It wat a gold coin, a little larger than an ordinary sovereign, and bearing on the reverte tide a curitma device. "That came with the rett of »y brother»*« curiositie«. But why do you ask » Ton look a« if the coin had burnt you." For a moment, "Le Gautier had «tarted back, hit paleface aglow with «uppret*ed .xerteuwntî but at be noticed the baronet't wondering eyet upo« I bira, he recovered himself by > TksUfflt ««ort " » U nothing"-with a «mile. "It is only the coincidence which startled me for a moment If you look here, you will see that I wear a similar coin upon my watch chain. Sir Geoffrey looked down, and, surely poough, on the end of Le Gautier'« pendant waa the facsimile of the medal he held in hin hand. " Bless me. what an extraordinary thing '" the startled baronet exclaimed, " So it is ! IVrhsps you do not mind tolling me where you procured yours ?" " It wa» given to me,' Le Gautier replied, with an enigmatic smile. " It could not help you if 1 told you. Sir Geoffrey, may 1 wOr. you to lend me this coin for a short while >> I will tell you some time what I want it for." "Some other time, perhaps"-Le Gautier throw the coin into its piare.-" Ton see, I regar»! it, aa a valuable curiosity and relic, or perhaps I might part with it Ton will purdon me-but I forgot all about our spintnalintii" discourse. As yon are a medium, I »iii ask you" "At some future time with all the pleasure in life," Le Gantier intorrnptwl haftily. '* Meanwhile, it is getting late-past eleven now." "As they wiilkod back to the aalon, the Fremli- man was buuy with his thought«. " What a lucky find!" he muttered. "It is the missing insignia, sure eno.igh, and the ill-fated tfghtred Chartorie i» mine host's brother. I wonder what I r»n make outofthi»? There onght to be something in it, with a feeble-minded man who believe* in <jp»ritn alism, if my hand ha» not lo»t its eunninç .W>i»< verrón i " ile showed nothing of hi» thought«, however, a» he partt^d from Enid with a «milo and neatly turned compliment. It was getting lato now j the street»» were empty aa the friend« turned homeward, fial varini bidding the otheri gobd night and turning off in the direction of his apartments. " Yon had better change your mind, and come with na on Friday Hector," Visoi urged Lo Gautier. " The baronet and his danghter are to be of the party. Throw work to the dog* for the day, and come." " My dear, Carlo, the thing i« impossible. Du yon think I shonld bo chained here this lovely weather, if stern necessity did not compel ? If pos- sible I can get over later in the »lay, T will not fail you." " I am very «orry," Vinci replied, regretfully, " because this is the last time, in all probability, our friends will meet together for some time." " I am sorry, too, Carlo, but I cannot help it. Good night." Lo Gautier watched his friend alón* the moonlit street, ft «mile upon hU face not pleasant to s»e "Ah, yeo," he murmured, It is quite impossible Geneviève is a good little girl, but good little girls are apt to cloy. It is getting dangerous. If Visci should find out, it would bo a ca«e of twelve pacos and hair-triggers j and I cannot «aerifico myself yet -not even for Geneviève." (To If »(miwun! ) 