THE THEATRES, &c.; The week's programme at the Bijou Theatre has consisted of the one-act domestic drama, "The Open Gate," by C. Haddon Chambers, and the three-act farcical comedy, "The Grey Mare," by G. R. Sims and Cecil Raleigh. The first-mentioned piece deals with a love episode, which is treated with a simplicity and tenderness which render it very attractive. The moral is, "Let not the sun go down upon your wrath." Twenty years before the play begins an engaged couple have had a lovers' quarrel, which has parted them. The lady, now known as Aunt Hettie, has never ceased to mourn over the untoward event, and has kept the garden gate which leads to her cottage permanently open ever since the rupture as a mute appeal to her lover to return. Hettie's niece, Jessie, is living with her, and when the latter quarrels with her sweetheart, Garth, the elder, warning her of the folly of making a desolated life on account of a trivial mis understanding, obliges her to call her cavalier back. Garth's Uncle John has just returned to England after a 20 years' absence. He meets his nephew coming out of Hettie's cottage, learns that the gate is always kept open, after an argument with himself finally deter mines to enter the cottage, and the result is a mutual reconciliation of the elder sweet hearts, to the great delight of the young pair. The niece and aunt are prettily played by Miss Gibson and Mrs. Brough, and the uncle and nephew are appropriately presented by Mr. Brough and Mr. Ward. "The Grey Mare" is a mediocre farcical comedy with a dialogue which rarely rises above common place, but it is well acted, and some of the situa tions are amusing. David Maxwell (a pro fessor of music), his wife Julia, his brother John (a doctor of medicine), Kate Stanhope (Mrs. Maxwell's sister and John's fiancée), and Algernon Maxwell (nephew to David and John), are living in the same house. John Maxwell is of a serious turn of mind. He objects strongly to the feminine disrespect for truth, and is actuated by a desire to break Miss Stanhope of her habit of indulging in white lies. His plan of accomplishing his purpose is to tell a lie himself, show how any fool can do it without detection, and thus illustrate the uselessness of the practice. The particular fabrication he hits upon is the assertion that he was out riding the previous afternoon. Inquiries are being made as to who was the man who was seen wildly careering on a grey mare that afternoon. John is gradually drawn into admitting that he was the indi vidual, and the consequences of this indis cretion threaten him with serious disaster, because the man on the grey mare (really the nephew Algernon) abducted the daughter of the Count de Chevrelle, living in the neighbourhood, and is suspected of having robbed the Frenchman's house of valuable diamonds. John is also called upon to pay a considerable sum of money to a farmer-for riding through his wheat, and to a livery stablekeeper for ruining the horse. Miss Stanhope and Mrs. David Maxwell have a peculiar interest in the mysterious rider of the grey horse, because he caused them to drop a packet of compromising love-letters written by Mrs. Maxwell before her marriage, and they are in great alarm lest John Max well should have picked them up. Marie, maid to the Count's daughter Helen, seeks shelter in the house of the Maxwells with the missing diamonds in her possession, and is mistaken for Helen. When John and David Maxwell have locked her up in a room their position is still more perplexing. Finally John determines to tell the exact truth, but he is met with the difficulty that no one will believe him. Then Algernon ap pears with Helen, whom he has just married, and the entanglement is set right. Mr. Brough introduced some amusing effects in imitation of the ways of musical com posers, not omitting a few softly-played pianoforte selections. The other leading characters are briskly and carefully played by Messrs. Titheradge, Ward, Fabert, Can nam, and Boucicault, with Mrs. Brough, Miss Temple, and Miss Liston. W. S. Gil bert's farcical comedy, "Engaged," is an nounced for this evening. A very numerous audience assembled atthe, Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, on the occasion of the complimentary benefit tendered to Mr. Frank Catee, the popular actor. The play presented was " Hamlet," the bineficiaire appearing as the Prince, sup ported by Miss Bronton as the Queen, the rest of the characters being filled by amateurs selected from members of. the Roscian, Dagonet, and Idler dramatic clubs. Mr. Gates brings to the representation of the] melancholy Dane the qualities of a youthful' and suitable appearance, a scholarly concep tion of the character, and excellent elocu tionary abilities. But something more is, needed for. the adequate del uieation of a lead ing peflKWge In, a Shjikspewian tragedy,. There must be som? .touch of genuine fire--, some note of tr«ee passion^-or the «,'oc^s fa|} on *he «ajr wi& no otter effectthan which is produced clever £goital,of ft masterly dramatic poem-. spectators are not mQved bi'tJiepassiouaW <*utb|irslsr which iPW-fip-'tofaivfa, fm are fttti* feelinja%il!edbytfrecontempla tion of a noble butvacillating nature struggling 90 tragioaily with its uncongenial 'enviropny^t The late Carry Sullivan, w^o was . never credited with having a meajv opinion of hl» own powets, used to say thai' he played Hamlet for 10 years before lie coa. sidered himself first-rate at'it. Mr. Catei has sustained the character only once before and that was a good many years ago. The non-professional members of the cast main tained an even degree of amateur ability, The moat prominent were Mr. J. Dawbarn Polonius; Mr. C. Davies, Ghost; Mr. j' Doran, King ; Mr. C. E. Green, Laertes; Mr. A. G. Stach, Horatio; Mr. Blascheck, First Grave-digger. Nothing short of a woman of genius is ever satisfactory as Ophelia. It may be said of Miss Aimee Moore's rendering of this character chat it was as good as could be expected from, an amateur. Mr. J. F. Sheridan made bis farewell ap pearance at the Theatre Royal onMondav night. A special programme was presented for his benefit, and the house was crowded. Mr. Sheridan and Miss Whiteford appeared in " The Colleen Bawn " and " Fun on the Bristol," and in the course of the perfor mances sang some of their popular special ties, which were received with great fa vour. This theatre is now closed. The London Gaiety Burlesque Company are drawing large audiences at the Opera honse with " Carmen Up to Date." A. matinee performance will be given for the benefit of Mr. Lonneu ou.the 17 th inst., and the Beason terminates on the 19th inst, when the company leave for Sydney. " In the Banks " is being continued at the Princess's Theatre. The melodrama "The Green Bushes" is the attraction at the Alexandra Theatre. The Cogill Bros, have a good variety pro gramme at St. George's Hall, and new items arc announced by Mr. Dan Tracey's troupe at the Gaiety Theatre. The Waxworks and the Cycloramns con tinue to be visited by numerous patrons. A pictorial dramatic wirde was given by th? pupils of Miss Nellie Veitch, teacher of dramatic recitation, in the Hiberuian-hall on Thursday evening. The large hall was iiHeil in all parts, and the entertainment was heartily applauded. The first item in the programme was a floral idyll, written by Messrs. W. Lincoln and F. S. Robertson, entitled "TJie Flowers' Decree." It gave opportunity to 50 young ladies to appear in. tasteful costumes as the representatives of different flowers. The ptincipal speaking parts were entrusted to Miss Aimee Mooie, Miss AUie Robson, and Miss Retta Gongh, who delivered their lines with appropriate effect The tableaux formed on the stage with the assistance of the lime-light were very pretty. The second part of the enter tainment comprised a number of recitations. The sketches "Auntie Doleful" and "Poor Little Joe," by Miss Maude Browne and Miss Rose Muegrove, were exceedingly well done. The prograiume was brought to a close with " A Shakspearian Burlesque," in which the joke consisted of introducing Ophelia, Portia, Lady Macbeth, and Juliet as married .women with serious faults, to find with their hus bands apon trivial grounds. The characters were cleverly sustained by the Misses Adele Abrahams, Edie Cooke, Laora Nyn lasy, and Aimee Moore. After the curtain had fallen there was an unanimous call for Miss Veitch, whose pupils had given abundant proof of their capacity to provide an agree able entertainment. 