DR. MALCHI; Or, WHO WAS 1 AN EXTRAORDINARY EXPERI. ENOE. BY J. E. Cornns. (eontisfed). CHKAPTE XI. - AT COLONEL WESTMORE LAND'S HOUSE. Misa Westmoreland bowed coldly to me. There was no smile of recognition upon her face now. Surely I must have been utterly mistaken in supposing it meant for me, I thought, and yet per plexed beyond measure, I knew that I was not. I was certain that directly her eyes had rested upon my face she had instantly recognised me. Did sho justly resent my unpardonable forgetfulnees? Could I ever hope to make her under stand and commiserate my wretched con dition ? Good heavens ! was this meeting but the precursor of other and similar encounters with forgotten friends 7 ' Tempest-Tempest,' repeated Colonel Westmoreland, as he shook hands with me, 'surely I ought to remember that name. I wonder now if you are the son of poor Dick Tempest who was killed out In Zululand ' I do not know what reply I should, if left to myself, have made. Probably in my miserable perplexity I should then and there have blurted out the truth, but the doctor with a self-possession for which I inwardly blessed him, came to my resonue. 'I believe the Major Tempest to whom you allude left no sons,' he said, with one of his pleasant smiles. ' Ah, no, of course not,' replied Colonel Wesatmoreland; still however attentively scrutinising me. 'I remember now he had several daughters, but no son. Your face though,' he added, addressing him self to me, ' seems somewhat familiar. May I ask-' Heaven only knows what he was going to ask, but this daughter by suddenly Interrupting him averted the threatened exposure. 'Papa,' she exclaimed, 'our carriage Is waiting ; we will create a block outside if we linger here any longer.' We moved all together toward the per. tal, but as Colonel Westmoreland and his daughter passed out, the former said,with another hearty shake of the hand 'I am very glad to make your acquaint ance, Mr Tempest, not only for your own sake, butbecause you are a friend of Dr. Malohi's- a gentleman long known to me by repute. I shall be glad to see you at any time ; I am a near neighbour of Dr. Malchi's. Nareissa, will you not second my invitation ?' Miss Westmoreland gave me one swift, almost perplexed glance, and then totally ignoring Regina, drew her slim figure to its full height in what looked to me like childish petulance. 'I shall be pleased to see you,' she said in a tone that belied her words. ' Then 1 will certainly call,' I said, determined to accept the invitation, and if an opportunity occurred, explain to MisseWestmoreland my terrible predica ment. Regina was very silent during the drive home. She leaned back in her corner of the carriage and would not, either by the doctor or myself, be drawn into conversa. tion. My half.formed resolve of acquaint ing her with the singular effect Miss Westmoreland had had upon me died suddenly away. She would not under. stand it, and, therefore, she could not be expected to sympathise with it. I had better, for her sake, remain silent. I eighed impatiently, and wondered how much longer it would be ere I should feel content to remain a riddle to my elf. As I assisted Regina out of the car. riage, she let her hand linger a moment in my clasp, and, looking at me with her whole soul in her beautiful sombre eyes, she said, very quietly, ' Cannot my love make you willing to forget all else 1' Before I could answer her, she had pas. sed swiftly into the house. "A few days afterwards, cards of invita tion to a dinner party were sent by Colonel Westmoreland to Dr. Malchi, Regina, and myself. Dr. Malchi obhanced to be engaged on the evening in question, and was consequently obliged to send a refusal'for himself and Regina. The lat. ter made no comment upon the accep. tance or nonacceptance of the invita. tion, but she smiled rather wistfully as I asked her to decide for me. *Say yes or no, darling. I will do exactly as you wish,' I said, turning my own card over and over in my hand. If you do as I wishjyou willwrite no,' she said, unhesitatingly. 'Stay, you foolish boy'-sas I seized pen and paper and prepared at once to write my rejec tion-' let me think it over a moment.' She knitted her brow in pretty perplex Ity, and I, for the thousandth time or so since our betrothal, surveyed her with enraptured admiration. 'Youn had better, I think, accept it,' see at last slowly decided.' You want to know more of these Westmorelands-nay, do not interrupt me, Clive : you are free, quite free, to choose your own acquain tances-but, Clive,' and Regina's voice faltered a little, 'I warned you once that I was a jealous woman; will youbear with me while I tell you that I fear-I hate Narciesa Westmoreland?' Again I was tempted to try and find words in which I might convey to Regina the remarkable feeling I had experienced in Miss Westmoreland's presence, but sentence after sentence I mentally rejec ted. How could I make to another what was enveloped in mystery to myself 7 Regina misunderstood my silence. ' You are angry-and justly so-with me for doubting your love,' she said, lay. ing her hand almost timidly on mine; 'but. Olive, I could, I could not live if you ceased to love me.' 'And when will thatbe,Reginal' I asked, fondly caressing her hand. 'I thought the age miracles was past.' 'You might cease tolove me if you regained your lost memory,'she very sadly returned. SIf that were likely to be the case I would pray incessantly to be allowed to remain in my present condition,' I pas sionately declared. ' Old influences would once more sway Syou,' she continOed, heedless of my inter ruption. 'Old friends would take the place of new, memories would prove stronger than realities, and we should be parted.' She passed her hand sharply aesoas ~lr I eyes; but I hhd al~'ridy seen the tears t which Mateo 'gemming her long lashes. ' drew her closely to me,and, murmur ing protestations of my eternal, unswerv- i ing love, kissed her lips until they once i more smiled. ' I am not myself this morning,' she presently said, gently extricating herself from my embrace. ' My potty house. hold duties worry me sorely sometimes, I \--What do you think of Leah, my guardian's invaluable servant I' t Her question took me by surprise. Leah at that moment was far from my thoughts. r 'What do I think of her l' I repeated. d 'Well, I don't know; I suppose she is a ltttle superior to the ordinary run of women servants, isn't she 1' Regina gave a faint-a very faint-sigh. I fancied that she was a little disappointed at my answer. r ' 1 cannot make her out,' she said, almost as if she were speaking to her. 3l self. ' She puzzles, and alshost h frightens me, sometimes, Sho creeps 6t about the house just like a ghost, and she looks at tne out of her grave, wt wistful eyes as if-Oh, I hate deaf and dumb people,' she petulantly broke f off.' n I laughed. I Poor Leah !. She. is evi n dently devoted to her master. I daresay it she resents-' b Regina looked at me very strangely. 'That is one of the things that puzzle me,' she said. ' Leab serves her master well ahd faithfully, I admit; but she h hates him-hates him,' she dreamily re peated ; and yet fears him, too.' 'You are fanciful, Regina,' I said lightly. ' You forget that Leah's affliction y makes her liable to be misunderstood. ° Would the doctor keep her in his service r If he had the slightest reason to doubt her fidelity ?' 'I do not doubt her fidelity,' began Regina, hesitatingly. ' She is a living riddle to me. I distrust her ; and yet I am forced, almost against my will, to pity her. But do not let us talk of her any longer; write, instead, your accept ance of Colonel Westmoreland's invita tion.' 'I do not care greatly about going,' I replied, playing absently with the pen. ' I would rather, infinitely rather, remain at home with you.' 'Flatterer I' laughed Regina. 'I aim afraid Mrs Grundy would be shocked at your declaration. No, accept the invita tion; I wish you to; I am jealous no longer of Miss Narciss Westmoreland.' I wrote my acceptance accordingly, but afterwards conteraplated the written words rather ruefully. 'My prophetic soul tells me that Colonel Westmoreland will get asking me more awkward questions, possibly during 0 an awkward silence, at the dinner table, I said, with a dismal attempt at a laugh. ' I can fancy I hear him saying, "And now, my dear Tempest, what particular branch of the Tempests do you set claim to ?" or, " I am convinced, Tempest, that your features ae familiar to me ; what 0 was your mother's maiden name ?" What answer, in the name of heaven, shall I make to these and similar questiohs Had I not better at once say that, like Topsy, I growed, and never had an ortho. 1 dox father and mother 1' I' Regina smiled very thoughtfully. 'If I were in your place I should say that I was a stranger in England,' she advised. 'You might call yourself an Australian r. or an American, although I am afraid you would hardly pass for a Yankee ; and you must not, of course, have any friends or relatives in England. Say that you are touring or studying the medical profession or-' 7 'In love with an apt teacher of the art of deception,' I gaily concluded. r- 'Many thanks, Regina. I will devote so it many hours a day to coach myself up in 3r the interesting personal biography I will ' found upon your hints.' re When I, on the evening of the dinner party, entered Colonel Westmoreland's s- drawing-room, I found it already half filled with a brilliant assemblage of 5 guests. My host, and a middle.aged lady ' whom he introduced to me as his widowed i, sister, Mrs Polybank, shook hands with Id me cordially, but Miss Narcissa West ', moreland, who was standing beside her Sfather, favoured me only with the iciest t* of bows. Assuredly, I thought, as I P* stopped aside to make room for fresh 5- arrivals, the smile of recognition which 1 I had once fancied she had bestowed upon me must have verily been an optical to delusion. Despite her cold reception of iy me, I could not refrain from regarding her with undisguised admiration. She? ,' wore a pale blue dress flecked hero and su there with clusters of white violets, and ar her sunny hair was crowned with the Ssame flowers. In her fair loveliness she might, I ardently thought, have been z mistaken for another Undine newly 50 created from the azure summer sees. th Just before dinner was announced, Mrs Polybank said something in a low tone to t,' her niece, and the latter, in reply, to slightly, but decisively, shook her head. y, I could not, of course, verify my sna * picion, but I at once surmised that Miss SWe etmoroland had refused to let me have ce the honour of taking her into dinner. A at few minutes later, Mrs Polyblank intro th duced me to my dinner companion-a te piquant, dark-haired girl, Miss Pauline Leslie by name. lid 'Why, Mr Tempest and I are old na friends,' said Miss Leslie, with a smile ad which showed her white, even teeth ; 'we ut do not need any introduction.' c. Escape was impossible. Mrs Polyblank at had already left us, and was busily Sengaged in pairing her other guests. I could only, with a feeling of despair, th await the denoument which must, I y- thought, now surely come. a; 'Let me see,' chatted, my companion, if pressing the tip of her fan to her lips, this makes the third time we have met, d, does it not? Oh, yes, once at Lady ht Templeman's ball, and once at Mrs Vereker Holme'a dance.' ou K' And to-night is the third happy occa Ely sion of our meeting,' I said, with a ghastly attempt to speak naturally. I 'I really thought, though, that you to had forgotten me for the moment,' re is- marked Miss Leslie, very confidentially. 'I watched Mrs Polyblank bringing you sy to me, and I could not see the least look r- of recognition on your face.' 'I must plead guilty to the charge of , temporary forgetfullneeas, Miss Leslio,' I said, wishing with all my heart that I had been told off to anyone else in the room; 'but at tho'moment to which you refer I was deeply engrossed in thought -an unpardonable offence, I know, under the circumstanoes-and did not in stantly recognise you.' ' Do you know that gentleman-the one with the pink orchid. In his coat?' she asked, passing to my intense relief from personal to general topics. He is an author-makes heaps of money by his books; but he is a gourmand, and conse quontly, a horrid man. Why, once he took me down to dinner,and-only fancy -ho addresoed jout tbn words to me during thttL terrible tedious hour and a a half.' 'May I ask what those ten words were?' I rejoined, able to breathe freely once more. 'Were they fraught with r condensed eloquence, or did they redon' I cile you to his past and futltre silenbeo ?' h ' He said ' I should lilr6 to slllto hands with our host':z ook.' Hoe made no 'kttempt to addresi me afterwards. I did n t hot answer him, simply because I could a not then think of h sufficiently 'sarcastic reply. When dinner wan hvbr, and it Swas too late .I hal dozens- literaily a w dotons-trembling on the tip of my 7 a tongue.' p I laughed, and devoutly hoped that Miss Leslie, absorbed in her own chatter, d V might not obnetv'o anything extraordi- 0 nary in may manner during the!dinner, to which I nevertheless looked forward with ti © nervous trepidation. r As we took our places at the dinner 3 table, I found that Miss Westmoreland \- directly faced me. A tall, blond, some what effeminate-looking young man was I seated by her side and paying her marked h I attentions, and her rather coquettish ac ceptance of them caused me to take a sudden and unreasonable dislike to her t companion. 'Miss Westmoreland seems .well , amused,' I said, as Miss Leslie paused to take breath after entertaining me with 1 [ some of her ball teminieoencet. ' he gentleman with hbet has no tack of dinner r conversation, at all erehts.' Miss Leslie glanced across the table, and then sank her voice to a significant whisper. [ 'I wonder if it is going to be a ease i he is in earnest, of course, but I would rather not answer for ?narcissa. She is my dearest friend, but-' and with a perfectly inexplicable smile at me, she left her sentence unfinished. My heart bheat very fast the tohe of a her voice, rather than her words, had quickened its pulsation. a t 'May I enquire who 'he' is?' I said, v trying to speak carelessly. ' Why, don't you know St. John Car= rington ?' she asked, in some ebiiaprise. ' I f thought everybody knew hiil.' 'I, unfortunately, have not that honour,' I replied, with ill-tempered sar. a casm. 'He is an awfully nice fellow,' ob r served Miss Leslie, with another mysteri. one smile at me. 'I like him, and so t does Narcissa; but, of course, liking and t loving a man are two very different t t things.' ' I am glad to hear it, for Miss West moreland's sake,' I said. 'Mr--.' e ' Lieutenant,' corrected Miss Leslie. 'I bag his pardon. Lieutonat O0tr rington may be an awfully nice fellow. f but he certainly is not worthy of being E t associated, even in name, with Miss Westmoreland.' My neighbour leaned back in her U chair, and glanced at me with obvious u amusement. 'r 'The spirit of prophecy is upon me,' 1 e she laughingly declared. 'I hear the n order given, 'Call me early, waiter: t pistols for two, coffee for one.' 'I smile, as in duty bound, bliss i, Leslie,' I disagreeably enough retorted; 1 o but I must confess that I am far too n obtuse to see the point of your witticism.' i 1 ' None so blind as those that will not see, Mr Tempest,' she returned, good *r temperedly. 'I will, however, forgive t 's your ' obtuseness' this time. I have If known St. John Carrington,' she jadded, if for my enlightenment, 'over since I was y two years of age. He and I were child d sweethearts,and even now we have a bond t h of sympathetic union between us.' ' Indeed, I replied, with only the ir vaguest show of interest, it 'Yes,' she went on undauntedly. ' ie, i I although he has what the Americans b would call a lovely front name, is always 1 called Jack; and I, although christened I n Pauline, am known amongst my very inti l mate friends by the plebeian name of i ,f Polly. I insist though,' she added, 'upon I g their spelling it with an is when they e, write to nm.' d ' Have you known Miss Westmoreland d long ?' I presently asked, wondering if e my companion could throw any light upon to Miss Westmoroland's studious avoidance n of me. y 'Years and years,' she promptly an swered. ' We were at school together, re and to this day I tell her all my secrets.' :o 'And she reciprocates your coniidence, p, of course ' I asked, a little more an x. xiously than my apparently careless re a- mark warranted. 'She has, until lately,' replied Miss re Leslie, one or two dimples showing them A selves in the near vicimnty of her lips : '. but now she is reserved, and no longer -a fully confides in me.' 'e Perhaps Lieutenant Carrington has usurped your place,' I said, with a frown Id at my unconscious visa.,ir. lo 'Very likely,' and she softly Ilrulhed. eo 'Dear old Jack; I mnnalin't h jealous of him, I suppose. But Mrs Polyblauk is ik trying to catch Lady Anderson's eye ; she ly won't succeed, though, until her ladyship i has eaton her pomegranate jelly, so per r, haps I shall have time to ask you a few I questions. Where have you been lately, what have you been doing, and where, oh , where, is your friend ?' a,' My friend ?' I repeated, slightly off t, my guard. 'Do you mean Dr. Malohi?' y It was her turn to look puzzled. 'Dr. rs Malebi I Oh l do you know that strange looking man, who has such a beautiful a. daughter, or ward, though, I believe she a is ? J have heard all sorts of queer things said of him, and I am dying with curiosity u to know whether they are true-but I a. must not forget that he is a friend of yours.' u 'Yea, and a highly esteemed one, too,' k I answered; but to which of my friends did you refer, if not to Dr. Malchi 1' if 'Why, to your own particular friend, I of course. Mr - dear me, how stupid II am. I have forgotten hIis name for the I moment, but tho iditn Yfoii know who was twith you at Lady Tompleman's ball.' 'Ah, of course,' I vaguely responded. ' He has left London. I do not know,' I added, truthfully enough, ' his present whereabouts.' ' Loft London I' abse eohoed. 'I am sorry, he was such a nice fbllow. f remembot thouigh now thit ihe told me hse wat goihg on a long v'iit to a friend's house in the co?untry. Don't you miss him awfully Y' ' Awfully,' I replied, wvoidering i'ii the name of 1rate who o y nuiynuown friend i&s;, .and why I should be expected to miss him at all. ' What is his name 1 Take pity upon me and tell me,' suddenly demanded Miss Lasllo, wrinkling her forehead in per. plexity. My soul quaked within me. The denouement I had so far miraculously es caped was upon me. 'You must first do penanoce for forget ting it,' I said, almost at my wits' end. 'If you cannot recall it to your recolleo tion, I will reintroduce you to, hinm the next time we three chance to meet.' Mrs Polyblank's bow was at that moment responded to by the lady who had been freely partaking of the pome granato jolly, and Miss Leoslie, a she rose with the reat, was obliged to Contesnt herself with a meaning shako of the head, and a bright glance expoessivo of a reneoval of our conVersation '(which I socretly dettaminoed to avoid) whon we ahaetu Iter oh, in the drawiing-room. (To be Oontinued.) 