Arbor Bay at (be Crookwell. Public Sohool. TnE second colebration of Arbor Day in connootion with tho Orookwoll Public Sohool took place on Friday last, and was a signal buccoss, tho wholo programme of the day, viz., tree-planting, pionio, and anncorc, ppsBing 011 wunouc n niton, a lovely spring morning ushored in tho day, and at an early hour groups of prettily- dressed ohildron oould bo seen tripping gaily along tho road to tho sohool. At 12 o'olook thoro woro 250 children prosont. Tho sohool boll having rung for tho troo- plnnting to begin, tho teacher arranged, the children iu a somi-circlo round the site for the treos, and oallod on those solootod to plant the trees to come forward. Ho than thankod thorn for their kindness in assisting un tho occasion, alluding specially to tho chairman of tho Board, Mr. G. D. Hay, who had corao a long distance to be -prosont at tho ceremony, Ohoers woro then called for Mr. Hay, tho Board, tho ladies and gentlemen who planted tho treos, and tho visitors.. The cadets wore thon formed in lino as a guard of honor for the planters. At tho oon- olusion, Mr. G. D. Hay thankod tho toachor for hie roforonco to him, and ex pressed his deep interest in all matters pertaining to the school. Ho bIbo alluded to tho good work dono liy Mr. Gallaghor sinco hie appointment, and called for ohoers for him, whioh woro lustily given.; AU prosont then adj ournod for lunohoon, whioh was very tastefully arrangod in thoi old residence. Evory possible do- soription of provisions were thoro in abundance, and tho visitors oxprosscd their ploaeure at tho hearty reooption accordod them. Fully 80 persons must have sat down. The parents and frionds of tho ohildron certainly deserve tho utmost credit for thoir liberality in assist ing the teachers. Tho day's proceedings were creditable to tho town, and to ororyono concerned. It shows what united effort can do. Last year only a fow persons assisted, and of course there was sumo difficulty in entertaining visitors. This year, Mr. Gallaghor informs us that overy ono of the parents without ex ception helped liborally, and thus tho affair was a pronnunood success, on whioh we heartily congratulate both parents and teaohers. AU tho available space has now boon planted with treos, which extend com pletely round four sides of tho play grounds, about 250 yards in length. Between the trees for tho wholo distance nro pretty llower-bods, and tho wholo is Burroundod with a noat guard-fonco of Bawn hardwood and .throo wires.- ThiB year 56 trees were planted ; and thero are now altogether 92 in the play-ground, eo that in yenrato oomo the work so suc cessfully inaugurated by Mr. Oarruthers wjll bear fruit, and tho rising generation will bo able to reap the advantage of tho labours of tho past two years. Tho following assisted at tho oeromony of tree planting :— Mr. G. D. Hay, Mrs. Fitz-Patrick, Mrs. Gallagher, Mrs. Tozor, Dr. Fitz-Patriok, Mr.'Bawdon, Mr. Mills, Mr. Malcolm, Mr. J. 'Watman, aud Rov. A. I. O'Reilly B.A. During tho day the ohildron hold l-aooe, and other gamos, and about five o'clook the grounds woro cloaroil. Tho oonoort, whioh took place in tho Temporanco Hall iu tho evening, was one of tho moat successful yet givon in Crook woll. 'Tho audience was large, evory part of the hall being thronged, and those taking part were amougst the most taloutod of our local amateur singers nnd aotors. Tho hall had boen tastefully decorated by Mr. 0. Gale with ferns and other ovorgroons, and 011 the ourtain rising a very pleasing sight was displayod by rows of mooly-drossod children, well arranged in rows one abovo tho other. The programme was a long one, and com prised the following: — Song, "Throo Jolly Smiths," Mr. W. Stoolo. with ohorus by tho school children ; "Kiss mo, mother, kiss your darliog," school pupils ; " Romany Byo," Mr. J. K. Malcolm ; "Laughing Song," pupils; ' Kathleen Mavournoon," Mrs. Gallagher ; " Village Bolls," pupils ; oomic song, Mr. J. P. . Eaglos ; " Oomo o'er tho Moonlit Sea," pupils; "Whon sparrows build," Mise Watson ;' " Tho song for mo," Mr. E. H. Bawdon. Each of those items was well rondorod ; and in tho ca6e of Mr. Eagles' song an ohcoro was insisted upon, not withstanding tho faot that Mr. Gallaghor had intimated that on account of tho longth of tho programme encores should not bo callod for. A duot, " Whore nro you going, my pretty maid P " by Master F. Gallagher and Miss Annio Harvey, two small children, was excellently por- foi-mod, tho singing and acting being splendid. _ . It was loudly applauded. Calisthonio exercises, with lnnolight offocts, by sohool girls, were woll oxo- outod, and donotod careful training by the tonohors. A song by a number of infants created muoh amusement owing to the notions by whioh tho ohildron ao- eompaniod the words. Tho cadots wore thou exeroisod in various movomonts, principally bayouot exorcise; hut owing to tho limited spaoo on tho stago, the movomonts woro not so successful ub they might otherwise have boon. A floral maroh, prettily performed by Bchool girls, brought this portion of tho entertain ment to a oloso. The various ncoompnnimonts during tho singing were playoil by Mr. and Mrs. Gallaghor, Mr. Walkor, Mrs. Tozor, nnd Miss Marin Harvoy. Provious to tho farce commencing, Mr. Gallagher thankod tho audienco for thoir prosoncu in suoh largo numbors, and ex pressed his'hoartfolt appreciation of tho kindness ho had uniformly rocoivod horo, both_ publicly and privately, sinco his appointmout. In roturn, ho wished them to boliovo that ho would always ohorish in kindly remombranco tho genorous and manly peoplo of Crookwoll, and assured them of hie earnest dosiro to sorvo thorn in any way thoy might wish. Ho in- toudod purchasing a small library with tho procoeds of tho concert, as ho considoroil the prosont prize system a failure, as 110 teacher could carry it out without giving serious offonco, so that it degenerated into a system of giving prosonte. . Tho ourtain thon roso on a woll-pro- parod aud well - aotod farcical comedy, entitled " Mako your Wills." Tho part of Mr. Iroton, au irritablo, fussy, old follow with a hugo, gouty tqo. was ontrustod to Mr. It. A. Howland. His mako up alone was sufflciont to provoko mommont, but ho was particularly good in his Btormy scenes with his housokoopor, nnd in his sham sickness. Tho part required nt one timo all tho force possiblo as tho stony hearted fathor, and in the later part whoro ho displays omoti'on at receiving his son buck groat feeling is required. In both characters Mr. Howlnud was thoroughly at homo, showing ho had a porfoct con ception of his part. Wo say, without raeuning ofTenco to Mr. O. V. Galo, that ho was quite nt homo as the arch hypo crite and kunvo of tho pioco. In his part of the sohomiug Plotter ho paid tho most earoful attention to his by-play anil facial expression, eo that wo "nro able to compliment him un his successful roudor- ing of a difficult part." Tho vulgar-cook- noy, Brag, with hie short pants, his slang, and misplaced h's, found a capital exponent in Mr. J. K. Mnlcolm. In hia protended illnoss, and hia iutorviow with tho ghost, ho was so funny that the nudionco fairly shrieked. Wo are pleasod to seo Mr. Malcolm equally nt home both in comio and sontimental parts. Mr. Gallaghor as the old lawyer Procoss mado tho most of a small part, and showed n oapital make-up. Mr. Matthews playod tho part of Charles in a vory nice, gentle manly manner, and Miss Howland, as tho wifo of Charles, playod with the quiot and ladyliko domoanour neooBsary for tho part. Last, but not loast, was tho ohar- apter of the vigorous-minded Mrs. Eoro- right, Iroton's housekeeper. This was givon to Miss Hill, and it oould not have been in hotter hands. We havo always boon able to oomplimont Miss Hill on tho rendering o! her part, and wo nood only say she sustainod her reputation on this oocasion. Her make-up almost hid her identity,' and in hor simulated grief alio brought down the houso. Mr. Gallaghor particularly desires us to montion that ho rocoivod .valuable help from Mr. Eagles both in the preparation and rendition of tho farco. ' 