OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. fFBOM OUR OWN COBBESPOKDKKT."] Jf B f5 ol L da ? 8 came 48 a welcome respite , e bu8me88 troubles of late. Unforlately the weather on Christmas day was , al1 that could ^ desired. The day waa ushered in by a heavy fall of rain, and all nrough the day showers fell at intervals n the contrary, Boxing Day was perfect as egards the weather, warm and pleasant, and oliday makers poured down Jto the various ea- side and country resorts in streams The fatalities, which seem inevitable at holiday tiroes, have not been so numerous as usual. On Christmas Eve between 10 and 11 o clock, the up-train from Brighton Beach ran over a woman, who wae taking a short cut across the railway line. The remains were identified as those of Fanny Wilson a domestic „ , servant. ' f. , She had gone out to post aletter.and was returning home whence met her death There is no reason to believe she committed suicide, and aa there are t*o or three wires close to the ground, it is S e ' e,l , 8be , mus J have tripped over them. The head porter at Brighton states that he has repeatedly warned people not to cross the line at this particular point, but the warnlnas B have been disregarded. On Christmas night a serious stabbing affray took place in the city. A laborer named Wjlham Walsh, from Lancefield, stayine at the Britannia Hotel, Swanston Street, while sitting in the bar parlor, heardshouts outside. found ?L ' b^^ S thHoM " n " 6 ^ an altercation^»ith thr£ IUlilt' ^ ^ " vored to p r e v e n t 2 S S diverted their wrath on to h^wnsh^lde™ Without a word of warning^ they aUackS him, and after stabbing him in sevtS places, the miscreants made off Walsh ^ discovered by a passer-by, and coniliLTS to the hospital. Tt w£ there f ^ had been stabbed in three After his wounds were dressS allowed to leave. No arrests have vet teen made, but Walsh is certain he can identify two out of his three assailants On Boxing Day in the afternoon, a girl aged about 15 was drowned near the Red Bluff, St. Kilda. She had been bathing and having got beyond her depth was drowned before assistance could reach her. On Christmas Day, two lads suffering from gunshot wounds were admitted to the hospital. One case was rather severe, and the boy will probably have to undergo an operation. The other is fortunately not so serious. Such accidents will occur so long as mere boys are entrusted with weapons, with whose use they are not familiar. ' Some of the friends of Matthias Larkin who is at present awaiting his trial at the February sittings, made an attempt on Thursday to release him on bail, but excep. tion was taken to one of the would-be sureties, and Larkin has had to spend his Christmas in gaol. "Much Ado about Nothing" was produced at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday night on an unparalleled scale of magnificence. The scenery and general setting, even to the veriest trifles wer as perfect as historic truth and good taste could make them. Mra. Brough is to be complimented on her render? ing of the character of Beatrice and the Benedict of Mr. Titberidge was extremely good; the other characters were all well filled The long waits between the acts, and a few hitches inseparable from a first night, rather protracted the performance, but this of conrae will be quickly remedied, and Mr. Boucicault has reason to be proud of the production of this most pleasing and amusing of Shakespeare's comedies. Its performance marks an era in the annals of the Melbourne theatrical world. Could the ereat dramatist's ghost rise from the shades, what a change he would observe in the staging of his time and ours, then, when scenery and accessories were only indicated by sign posts, and now when every detail of scenery and costume is perfect as to time, place aud condition. The staging was indeed equal to the merit of the play, and that is the highest praise one can give. The Christmas pantomimss are, " Dick Whittington and his cat," and "Jack the Giant Killer," at the Theatre Royal and the Alexander Theatre respectively. Miss Billie Barlow (from London) is to sustain the role of the famous Dick, and Miss Aggie Keltoa that of Jack, the romantic hero of childhood's days. " The Merrie Monarch" rules at the Princess Theatre, where he holds a numerous court. A match between the English Eleven and sixteen of the Melbourne cricket club was played on Tuesday and Wednesday last It was decided by the first innings and rei suited in a win for the Englishmen by 19 runs. In the first innings Bruce of the MCO made 39, and in the second 52 not out For the English team, Bean 57, made top score, lbe is-arl of Hopetoun and Lord Sheffield were present on the first day. The Intercolonial match between Victoria and New South Wales was commenced on baturday. Previous to the match Trott and Barrett, together with Bowman, one of the emergencies seceded from the team It appears that umbrage was taken by them at thn a XI ... ' the action of the committee in choosine an many representativrs from the Melbourne Cricket Club. It is not liktly that thai* gentlemen will ever be chosen a&ain; in aiv» I future f 11 turn team, fu»m ^ 