THEATRICAL COMPANIES IN WEST AUSTRALIA. A PEEP BEHIND THE SCENES. THE WAR The land of the Black Swan has been under- going a theatrical boom lately, consequent on the bad times experienced on the other side, and many of our dramatic visitors, to their ^ sorrow, no doubt, have found out that West " Australia is not the El Dorado it was painted fry some touring companies who visited us twelve months ago and swept up all our spare " off." Since then good and indifferent companies have come and gone, some with barely sufficient to pay expenses, others disappeared with kind sympathisers money and clothing (not yet returned with care), while others have had to rely upon public generosity for the means to reach the wider theatrical plains of the other colonies. We have also in our midst some who find it impossible to get away, owing to an antiquated Act of Parliament passed by a defunct Government. The trip from the other colonies to Western Australia is "an ~ expensive one, and nearly every actor who has been here can spin yarns enough to fill a newspaper of their trials and troubles here, and although touring in the colonies requires little or no exertion, actors who join for a visit to Western Australia are not always certain of their salaries?. Albany is reached, and perhaps two or three performances given, after which the tedious railway journey commences, a performance being given in every township of note, en route. Probably a second and even a third visit is paid, and the result is that the dramatic portion of the communay, which is not sufficiently large to support five or six companies stones, becomes surfeited, empty benches stare the performers in the face, s Juries are not forthcoming, and a general break up takes place, each individual doing his, or her, best to get away. Those companies whose touring journies are mostly short, three or four performances in each town according to its importance, pay best. Witness, for instance, the success of the Taylor-Carrington Co., the Stacey Co., the Janet Achurch Co., and Fitzgerald's circus. With a view to giving a few particulars of the expenses attached to travelling companies, organised for touring in Western Australia, I interviewed a few managers, and the result is now placed before the public. A heavy item, of course, is the railway and steamer fares, which are paid by the management, and to this must be added the salary of the " baggage man," whose duty it is to unpack baskets, to take the luggage between the station and the theatres (where there are any). Besides this recognised work he delivers the personal baggage of members, and with companies visiting Western Australia, he invariably has to take a part in the performances. This is an arrangement mutually satisfactory, inasmuch as it saves trouble and annoyance. This gentleman has to incur various incidental expenses, such as hire of carts and assistance in removing traps," which, in connection with the Pollard Company, amounts to a considerable necessitating the employment of several trucks. The total expense of this is difficult to arrive at, because special arrangements are very common. The railway authorities allow a reduction in fares, and generally render every assistance to travelling companies. In the other colonies most of the theatrical companies travel on Sunday after- noon-" Afternoon, you know," said my informant cynically, " so that we need not miss church parade in the morning." There is no need to do that in this colony, where the railway arrangements are so perfect that you can travel in the morning and be at your destination in ample time to give a performance in the evening. On arrival, "diggings" are sought, but that is not a difficult matter here, the majority of publicans being only too anxious to receive the patronage of theatrical companies. Now for the financial experiences of a room pair visiting Western Australia, where they hope, and are assured, to find that tide which taken at the flood leads on to fortune. The figures mentioned are for the tour in the colony, which generany last three or four months, sometimes longer when separation and denunciation takes the place of combination A variety company such, for instance, as Hudson's and the Vital Spark, is more expensive than the ordinary theatrical company, because in the former each * artist is a " speciality" in his or her particular business, and as the music hall element is gradually superseding the theatrical, such artists can command good salaries. Two singing and dancing sisters with good appearance and inferior voices, such as we have had lately, would get about £7 per week and hotel expenses, that is if the " treasury " was healthy ; a leading lady (burlesque and sing- ing might get £85 and expenses, and if she could dance and sing " Breathes there a man with soul so dead, Who never to himself hath said, * Ta-ra-ra-Boom-de-ay ?' " then she would probably get more, but as none of the ladies who visited this colony, and who have attempted to render this fin de Siecle song, have reached the ideal of Miss Lottie Collins or Miss Marie Lloyd of Drury lane we have consequently not become in trusted with the size, and the renumeration in question is therefore not so high. A few comedian receives about £65, and a burlesque actor and good singer and dancer would receive as much as 50 and all expenses paid. Two corner men would get about £67 between them and railway expenses only, but in one company that visited here a pair of niggers received 312 per week and expenses. That included three performers, the wife of one who, of course, did not perform. They were indeed masters of their business, and took exceedingly well. With their railway and hotel bills the cost of the quartette would come to 326 per week. A pianist makes about £3 10s. together with expenses. Hotel expenses for a company of nine or ten for the tour from Albany to Geraldton averages about 512 per week. Steamer fares to Geraldton for three performances coat 1825\. Hall rents are exceedingly heavy. St. George's Hall costs 518 per week, with £62 10s. added for use of piano. Fremantle Town Hall reaches even a higher price, while the Oddfellows' Hall at the Ports the cheapest of the lot, the charge being 62 per nicht, including gas and piano. The Geraldton n Hall costs 62 10s per night, including everything. The transit expenses of properties' cost about £3 per week ; advertising in Albany, York, Perth, and Geraldton reaches about 800 for the tour ; ohecktakers require about 2s. 6d. per night, and money takers are satisfied with 5s. per night. Then there is £63 generally required to compensate persons who loan articles for use on the stage. The advance agent is an expensive gentleman owing to the small amounts he has to disburse in securing boardings for posters, in " shouting," and in procuring due publicity for his company. His salary generally reaches 366 per week. Printer? is a big item. The coloured posters, such as those displayed by the Lyons Company, would cost about £10 per week, while those monsters of Fitzgerald's Circus would be almost double. Then there are streamers, handbills, and programmes, all of which help to pile up a big total before profits can be counted. The average takings of a company here are estimated at 286 per night, and it will at once be seen that that sum is quite insufficient to meet the liabilities of either a variety, a dramatic, or an opera troupe. The days of big houses seem to have disappeared with the Taylor Carrington Company, who boasted of having made £1,000, -while Fitzgerald's circus netted £800. We in Western Australia have had a taste of what is dr matically good and bad, and it must indeed be a first class company that will meet its expenses here. A fairly good company can realise 1825 to 1836 per night in Perth and Fremantle, but they cannot maintain that much beyond a week. A company that has just left our shores could not make £15 per night, and they have lost close on £200 by the spec, while the members of that company have worked well together, and are content to await further developments in another crime. They were glad that enough was left to pay travelling expenses ; conduct that con- trasts favourably with what once occurred in Fremantle. Two good houses in Perth and Fremantle exhausts the pleasure loving community, and they may realise 1835 or £40 each night, after which the managers should look out for rocks, as the takings will gradually diminish, and if the manager is not careful he will be stranded. After performing as stated, and a visit paid to Geraldton and Bunbury, a night should be devoted to the towns en route, then pack up the baggage and seek fresh fields and pastures new ; because if not you will be confronted with a £85 house, and even less. A Children's Opera Company is a source of trouble and anxiety, but is not so expensive as the other. If the " ghost " does not walk on Monday morning, the performers are not liable to stick up managers as adults do. Children, too, travel half-fare on the railway, but hotel expenses are equally as heavy as for adults. There is also the same expense to be incurred in printing, advertising, and the employment of adults to look after the youngsters, and with a good orchestra the expenses amount to a very large sum per week. However, there is the comfort in having large receipts for such performances, as much as 680 being taken in one- night, while the attractiveness of the children's opera companies does not seem to diminish by repetition. The houses secured by the Pollard Company are enough to make managers of languishing companies, who have departed in sorrow, envious of their good fortune, but they must remember that the children's show is really one worthy of patronage, while some of the companies we have had here-well, the least said about them the better. I would strongly advise companies who intend visiting W.A. this year to secure their return steamer tickets, and to keep a good supply of strong boots in case they may be compelled to walk from Perth to Albany. True, the experiences of some of our theatrical visitors have not been happy ; rehearsals in the morning, performances at night and no money on Mondays, and it will not be a surprise if unfavourable yarn reach the other side of theatrical failures here. I Bring us really good companies, such as Fitzgerald's Circus, or similar to Pollard's , Opera Company, and there will be no uncomfortable visions of failure. Predictions of the impending doom of the touring system are from time to time heard from many quarters of State land. It is certain that the evil is being fostered by the " bogus manager," a man who gets a theatrical Company away and stops payment, leaving them to get back to the colonies as best they can. Fortunately we have not had many such episodes in our midst, and against this drawback may be I cited the fact that the touring system is causing salaries to rise.- At any rate our appetites have been sharpened and we yearn for London successes, while we will not tolerate predictions of a stale and inferior char racter. 