Brevities. Easter, 1892. Hot-cross buns. Concert at Emu on Wednesday next. Races at St. Marys, Saturday, April 23. Races Belmore Park, Saturday, April 16. School treat Jamiesontown, Good Friday. Special services at the various Churches on Sunday. Flower Show, Friday and Saturday 22nd and 23rd. Is there to be no football this season ? Now then boys! Use only Judges' Celebrated Baking Powder, 1/8 per lb.* Tea meeting at Jamiesontown Good Friday, at 4 o'clock. Try Judges' Celebrated Bailing Powder, Best in the market.* A disastrous fire has occurred at Mokio, the capital of Japan. Bourke Show 25th and 26tb May, . £1200 offered in prizes. Trees still overlopping St. Nicholas' Churoh frontage. Hats off. Entries for the St. Marys races close on Wednes- day next, at 8 p.m. Castlereagh Wesleyan Sunday School Anniversary Easter Sunday and Monday. Concertinas and Accordeons repaired at Wilcher's Music Depôt, High-street.* Ducks and other game plentiful this reason some of our sportsmen getting good bags. A man named Perry man has found a 110oz nugget on the Murchison goldfield, (W.A.). General Booth, say's that he has not yet decided where his oversea colony is to be located. Tenders close on Monday, 25th inst;, at noon, for the erection of a R.C. Church at Mulgoa. Six events on the card for the Belmore Park Races this Saturday. First race at 1.30 p.m. The cost of the Russian famine, inclusive of diminished revenues, is estimated at £45,000,000. Unreserved sale of household furniture at Mr. F. A. Parker's residence, Springwood, on Wednesday next. Numbers of entries already received for the flower show to take place Friday and Saturday next. The Luddenham people have lent their marquee for the flower show to take place Friday and Satur- day next. Many Englishmen are emigrating from Chili to California owing to the insecurity of the former country. Concert at Towle's Hall, Emu, on Wednesday next, in aid of Mrs. Curry whose husband was recently killed. Cavill on Saturday last defeated M'lndoe in Adelaide in the contest for the swimming champion- ship of Australia. Heavy floods have occured at Alabama (U.S.), where 20 persons have been drowned and 500 rendered destitute. Grand Social at the Mulgoa Hall Easter Monday night, in aid of R. C. Church funds. Double tickets 5s, single 3s. Donations of flowers and decorations of all kinds thankfully received by the flower show committee in aid of the hospital. It is rumored that a football club is to be started at Emu Plains shortly. A team from there would take a lot of beating. Great devastation caused by wandering equines and bovines m different parts of the Municipality, especially South Ward. Lord Sheffield, who has sailed for England by the Arcadia, intends to return and spend the English winter in Tasmania. A resident of Albury was fined 20s on Tuesday for neglecting a girl whose services he had obtained under the State Children's Act. The Roya1 Commission on Mr. Schey's charges against the Chief Commissioner for Railways will hold its first sitting on 25th inst. A railway accident occurred between Benalla and Wodonga on Saturday, the guard being knocked senseless and a passenger injured. Cards, books, slates, pencils, ink, paper, pens, ledgers, drawing, paper, cash-boxes, everything, at the TIMES Stationery Repository. A Penrith Alderman " My impression is that this (solicitor's) bill compares very favorably with other bills paid by this Council," Phew ! Charreyre, an accomplice of the French anarchist Rayachoi, has been sentenced to imprisonment for complicity in the recent outrages at Paris. The Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, run at Rosehill on Saturday was won by Rosstellan, Gildus being second, and Whitefoot third. The Amcer of Afghanistan has issued a manifesto asserting his continued alliance to Great Britain because Russia would destroy the Afghans. A panic has occurred among the European resi- dents of Pekin (China). Women are leaving the city, and the men have stockaded the gaol. An internal loan of £11,250,000 bearing interest at the rate of 4½ per cent., is being raised by the Russian Government for railway extension. Samuel Kirby was found guilty at the Central Ciminal Court on Monday of maliciously wounding his mother. He was remanded for sentence. Sergeant Holden, convicted of disclosing the defences of Malta to the French Government, has been sentenced to imprisonment for one year. The indentations in the skull of the murdered woman Emily Williams, correspond with the blade Mr. j. J. Ferris, the ex-New South Wales crick- eter, took 235 wickets for 5.40 runs each during the recent tour of an English team in South Africa. Mr. Alexander Blaine, M.P. has given notice of a motion in the House of Commons in favor of the establishment of an Irish Parliament at Dublin. The Consular Court at Yokohama (Japan) has justified Lieutenant Hetherington, (U.S. navy) in shooting an English banker who had seduced his wife. A shipment of Australian fruit by the R.M.S . Victoria has arrived in excellent condition, the grading and packing of apples showing improve- ment. The common Council of Detroit, (U.S.) propose to levy a heavy tax on Canndian laborers and pro- fessional men who are not naturalised American citizens. If you want to write a nice letter to your young lady the prettiest little envelopes and the nicest paper can be procured at the TlMES Stationery Repository. Railway employes in Victoria have decided to protest against reductions in their wages, seeing that they been deprived of their annual increments. for two years. Tenders close next Monday, April 18, from per- sons willing to supply 500 tons or more of blue metal, broken to 2-inch guage, to the Penrith Municipal Council. Alexander M'Crow, charged with the murder of his wife at the Blackfriars Estate, was convitced at at the Central Criminal Court on Saturday, and sentenced to death. The English Conservative Press expresses an opinion that shortening the duration of Parliament would degrade the house of Commons by the elec- tion of popular delegates. Samuel Kirby, convicted of maliciously wound- ing his mother, was sentenced at the Central Criminal Court on Tuesday to imprisonment for two years, with hard labor. Samuel Thomas Richardson, found guilty, of making a false statement in connection with the Sydney Deposit Bank, was sentenced on Monday to penal servitude for four years. Young men and maidens, old men and children, call at the NEPEAN TIMES Stationery Repository and behold, the wonders in birthday presents, writing paper, albums, screens, school books &c.; We have authority for stating that Deeming per- petrated the murder at Claremont, Penrith, over which there was such a furore some time back, Fisher's ghost is also attributed to the same source. For complicity in the A.M.L, and G. Company frauds, W. J. Smith, was on Tuesday sentenced to three years and six months, and G. A. Buck to two years and six months imprisonment, with hard labor. Four anarchists shot and mortally wounded Dr. Jonniski, a local church dignitary at Inowraslaw in Prussia. Two of the assassins were arrested and the other two committed suicide. Robbery was the object of the anarchists, and the other clergy had been marked for a similar fate. 