CAN ANYBODY TELL US ? Is " tho Conio skoleton any relative of "the Kiama ghost ? " What is that wo hear about yet another Chureli choir scandal ? How much of an authority the D.T. is on " Financo and Trade ? " Wlion tho olRcial3 of tho Department of Justico will be hotter housed ? If any preceding Ministry has been so peripatetic as the existing one P Wlion Sir Houry Parkes' "to bo con tinued " speech will bo rosumed ? If all tho Salvation Army's " social operations" will bear close scrutiny ? If progress will over bo rnado with the building of tho now Sydney Infirmary ? What sort of a'spooeh tho Hon. E. E. O'Connor will make at Dubbo to-night ? How long Mr. Thomas Walker, M.P., will remain a convert to rigid temperance ? What tho proportion of Protection to Erootrado J.P.'s there will be in tho new roll ? When wo shall see tho last of that bungling over the paving of Post-ofilco Place ? When the police will succeed in main taining after-dark decency iu our public parks ? If the raising of tho ago of consent is . not an omission in tho Children's Protec tion Act ? How much heart-burning thoro will bo wbon tho list; of ftowly-appointod J 'gr. gazetted ? What tlio opiuioil of " the unemployed " is on tho abstruse question of the deprecia tion of silver ? 'Why Dibbs did not visit Washington . when ho was within ten hours of it by rail from Now York ? How many Ministers, Under-Secretaries and heads of important departments aro abseut from their post at tho present timo ? Why somo more stringent measures than now exist aro not taken for the periodical analysing of the drink vended in all hotels ? When that long-promised book by Sir Henry Parkes, dealing with his reiuiiiis- conecs of public life, will seo tho light of day ? If tho Ministers' Association, of Ealmain, oxpects to convert tho wholo earth to Calvinistic Sabbatarianism at ono fell swoop ? What Mr. G. D. Clark1)' "Ceil, Snpt,, I.O.G.T.," thinks of tho Eov. J. Milnor's scliomo to " nationalisQ ' tlio liquor traffic ? What Gladstone's reply to the Irish de mand for an amnesty to all political prisoners will bo ? Who is tho M.P. who, addressing liis constituents tho other day, referred to " tho ideas of March ?" When tho polico mean to commence that raid upon tradesmen who expose their wares on the footpaths ? Will Sir Henry Parkes " assist " at the banquet to bo given to Sir George Dibbs on his return to Sydney ? Who put Neild up to publicly explain the modus operandi of Seid's election as leador of tho Opposition ? Whether the Bulletin young man who states in tho last issue that a third of a million is ,£'250,000 over went to school ? Why tho two present liquidators of tho Australian Banking Company should so strenuously object to tho appointment of a third ? When a better performance) of " Tho Mikado" lias been witnessed iu Sydney than that at Her Majesty's on Wednesday, ovening ? titmfrrffmttnfi "mnv.'wwfvymiiw What Ministry will havo tho courago to sot its foot iirmly down on thoso constantly- recurring public holidays ? What extra screw Mr. Maxted will get- for bossing tho "Children's Protection Act," just come into force ? Who is throwing away his money in "promoting" those abortivo actions for libel against tho Sunday Times? If tho public mean quietly to have still further slices of the Victoria Park filched from them by private individuals ? How is it that railway receipts should bo steadily on the increase while train receipts proportionately decrcaso ? C" — — — - — — — - « Why tho railways if tho colony demand such constant inspection at tho hands (directly) of the 1'uil way Commissioners? Why the Cabinet did not savo infinito troublo and "give plcasuro to all," by selecting the new magistrates 011 tho vafilo principle ? Will the Premier wear the cloak, riband and star of the order of St. Michael and lit. George when they give him that little feed in Sydney ? What incomo a certain Sydney papo1' derives from tho publication of grossly suggestive advertisements ? Why tlio streets of Sydney aro not promptly cleansed from tho debris of storms such as that of last Sunday ? With what anticipations tho Labor members are looking forward to the open ing of Parliament on tho 30th inst. ? Of tho 1200 odd applicants for tho posi tion of J.P. aro even oho per cent, com petent to discharge magisterial duties ? If tho immediate prospect of tho resump tion of work at Broken Hill is not as good commercial news as we havo had for many a day ? If any serious attempt to do business in tho forthcoming session of Parliament will be mado pending tho arrival in Sydnoy of the Premier ? Why there should bo so many priests always hanging about tho Mines Depart ment, anil a a many parsons about tho Post \- Office Department ? If Lord Jersey will form any liighor , opinion of our local aristocracy after rcad- ) ing those records of 181(1 presented to liiih by Arcado Dymock ? ( How many nice litllo futuro financial swindles tho bankers and linancers now in Darlinghursb will hatch if they aro not rigidly kopt apart ? If thoro is not something peculiarly appropriate in tho D.T. literary staff being so deeply interested in tho " Keeloy " cure for intemperance ? How many people in this colony care a "continental" about tho fate of the Congo Froe State, respecting which "Granny "is fatuously shrieking? How is it Lord Carrington was passod over in tho appointment of Secretary of Stato for tho Colonics iu the new Glad stone Administration ? Why thq members of tho Public Works committeo should not meet moro fre quently, and work longer hours at each meeting than they do ? Why should judicial inquiry into the dishonesty of lawyers be smothered up under tho now much too familiar bonding, " in re a gent ouo, <&;," ? Who is the now Minister " without portfolio" whom it is whispered is shortly to bo taken within tho saeredfoldof the New South Wales- Cabinet ? If it was not rather bad taste on tlie part of our contemporaries to publish, so many weeks beforehand, tho address proposed to he prcsontcd to Mr. Eddy ? If tho British Government decides to create Colonial Peerages, why not make them simply life-peorages, and confine them to tho Agents-General ? Why Alderman Clarke, of North Sydney, refused to accept tho .£10 10s subscribed to reimburse him his forced expenditure in connection with the Clarke-UTquhart civil scrimmage ? Has Lord Carrington sueli a low opinion of tho sturdy democracy of tho Australi:#i colonics that lie imagines the creation of colonial peerages will tend in tho slightest . degree towards Imperial Federation? Can Mr. F. AFranklin, M.I.C.E., who lectured at tho School of Arts last Tues day, on Indian systems of irrigation, tell us wluvt possiblo connection thoro was between the subject of his lecture" and thq " National Ass." ; and why tho latter animal was dragged in ? 