Actors and Actresses I HAVE KNOWN. (By an Old Stager.) XX.—HENRY R. HARWOOD. \- AMONG the names of those who practically aided in founding the Australian stage, that of Henry Richard Harwood will always occupy a prominent and honored place, and certainly during thé lengthened period of nearly 40 years that he has appeared behind the footlights, his well- deserved popularity amongst Australian playgoers has never waned for an instant, hut has, on the contrary, steadily increased, thanks to the tact, and discrimination shown during his later years in playing parts best suited to his age and capabili- ties. An elderly actor, however gifted, can never make a satisfactory Romeo ; and the youthful aspirant who ambitiously essays King Lear or Shylock is more likely to fail than to succeed. Another element of Mr. Harwood's enduring popularity is to be found in his wonderful versatility. Many leading actors are associated with certain lines of character. Not so Mr. Harwood, who is found equally at home in drama, comedy, burlesque, or comic opera. It is doubtful whether any other theatrical artist in Australia has appeared in such a varied round of parts as has Mr. Harwood. One . of his biographers has pointed out that in this respect Mr. Harwood stands absolutely alone. His record is indeed a lengthy one, and as comprehensive as it is long. He has been Mazeppa and Dick Turpin in equestrian drama ; Clown and Harlequin in pantomime ; Macduff, Richmond, Holo fernes, Leonato, Enobarbas, Ægeon, Dog- berry, Ghost, and Polonius in Shakespeare ; McDavis, Sam Boker, and Michael Feeney in Boucicaultian plays ; Count Karatof, Rawdon Scudamore, Chateau Renard, Henri de Sartoris, and Geoffrey Delamaque in romantic drama ; Cabricolo, Le Duc della Volta, Marquis Pontsablé, and King Laurent in comic opera; and, Gregory Grumbleton and Uncle Cattermole in farcical comedy. These are only a few of Mr. Harwood's impersonations, but they will suffice to show the extensive range of his powers. More than this, almost every character has been an original conception, not a mere mechanical repetition of British or American originals. Yet, curiously enough, Mr. Harwood's occupation, previous to his adopting the Thespian profession, was not one ordinarily associated with, histrionic aspirations. Born in 1830, London being his native place, young Harwood was brought up to his father's business as a builder and con- tractor, serving his apprenticeship in the establishment of Messrs. Winsland and Holland, a leading London firm, where he rose to the responsible position of clerk of works. Soon after he had attained his major- ity, Mr. Harwood became seized with a de- sire to seek his fortunes in Australia, and at last, in 1852, he found himself in Mel bourne, then a very different place from the imposing city it has since become. Here he followed, not unsuccessfully, his old calling for about three years, when his inclination to embrace a theatrical career became too strong to be resisted. The time, however, was opportune, and Mr. Harwood found little difficulty in obtain- ing an engagement, his first appearance on the stage being in 1855, as Flavius Corunna, in "The Fall of Tarquin," at the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, then under the management of Mr. Andrew Torning. This was during the first season of Mr. G. V. Brooke. Encouraged by his success, slight as it was, Mr. Harwood persevered, and from the playing of general utility parts rose to the position of prompter, and was subse- quently entrusted with the " juvenile business " during a tour through Tasmania and New Zealand. Returning to Mel- bourne, Mr. Harwood joined G. V. Brooke, who had instinctively recognised his singular capability, and in 1857 he ap- peared at the Melbourne Theatre Royal as Pistol in " The Merry Wives of Windsor." Thenceforth Mr. Harwood's position in the theatrical world was assured. Ten years later, in 1867, he was found leagued in partnership with Messrs. Lambert, Vincent, Bellair, Stewart, and Hennings; their united efforts, under his leadership, making the Melbourne Theatre Royal for several years intimately associated with the Australian debuts of many of the best actors and actresses from the Old Country. ; The experience of Mr. Harwood had now become brighter, if not leas chequered or more pleasant than in 1857, when for a time he was playing leading parts in equestrian drama at Geelong, with his old friend Mr. G. B. W. Lewis, then proprietor of a well-equipped and largely-patronised circus. Subsequently he became associated with Mr. Coppin in theatre management, and it is the proud boast of these two stage veterans that the existing high stan- dard of theatrical taste in Australia is largely the result of their mutual exer- tions. Harwood had previously been a member of Coppin's company at the Cre- morne Garden's Theatre, and it was during this engagement that he played to the smallest Australian audience on record. The company at that time included such names as those of Julia Matthews, the Edouins (Rose, Julia, John, and Willie), Dick and Fred Younge, John Dunn, Rosa Dunn, Rogers, Webster, Gordon, and others, and the particulars are thus given by a Melbourne journal :—"On the occasion re- ferred to the night was very wild and tempestuous, with the rain descending in torrents. Not a soul had passed through the turnstiles, and the bar-keepers, waiters, and attendants, having no one to serve, entered the theatre and applauded every- thing vociferously. With Mr. Coppin was dining a friend, Mr, (afterwards Sir Robert R.) Torrens, of Adelaide, of land titles celebrity, and both gentlemen, unable to account for the cheering and noise on such a miserable night left their walnuts and wine and passed into the dress circle. All the admiring employees were ordered out, the doors closed, and Messrs. Coppin and Torrens sat out the entire performance of comedy and bur- lesque, which was given as completely (knowing the chief to be a martinet in business) as if the house had been filled by a crowded and enthusiastic auditory." It was an expensive entertainment, but probably it was also a good advertisement. At any rate, the experiment was never repeated. From thence to the present day, Mr. Harwood's experiences as actor and manager are practically, as in the case of Mr. Coppin, the history of the Australian stage. At one time, in 1877, be attempted to settle down in Sydney as a hotel proprietor ; but the old love was too strong to be readily conquered, and before long he had returned to the boards he should never have left. His re- appearance in Sydney at the Criterion during the present farewell season of Messrs. Brough and Boucicault will .enable the younger generation of play- goers to become familiar with the kind of acting which awakened the enthusiasm of their fathers, acting which, like good wine, has body in it. In his domestic relations Mr. Harwood is deservedly happy. Married to a charming wife, known to playgoers as Miss Docy Stewart, and possessing a beautiful home in one of the loveliest suburbs of Mel- bourne, he may be well excused if at times he feels inclined to exchange the glare of the footlights for the sweets of household comfort. He has fought his way through the world bravely and nobly, the Bayard Henry R Harwood, of the Australian stage, and when the time arrives—may it long remain distant —when he shall feel called upon to relinquish the calling he has pursued so long and so honorably, his regret will be mitigated by the consciousness that, both in public and in private, he has ever sought to do: his best. 