STAGE, S0EG AND SHOW. THE COMIC OPERA SEASON. Mr. J. F. Sheridan'3 Farewell Min strelsy on Monday— '' The Judge" at the Opera House— Musical Mems. Bad weather and extra inducement to bestow the nimble shilling elsewhere have, during the last few nights, had a somewhat lowering effect on attendances at Her Majesty's Theatre, where comic opera is now iu its ninth week. But the. business is Btiii remurkably fine and large, and the season, when a squaring-up is made, is cer tain to put up a record that futuro managers will find difficult to beat. This evening " The Old Guard," Planquette's opera, principally made popular by the _ efforts of the original Pouparc, will be revived. What a rage the work was when first presented in Sydney theatre- goers will remember. To- night the cast will differ somewhat, and an important change will be tho substitution of Mr. Lauri for Mr. Elton as tho " dashing mili- taire." The fin do siecle ballet will bo turned on this evening with all the vigor uimu uauu i,u Knock tne uaiu-uuuuuu bi»u- holders so badly la3t season. A whole week will be devoted to " Tho Old Guard." Thorehas beenmach lamentation, not tosay wrath, amongst the patrons of comic opera,' especially of the G. and S. description, that " The Mikado " was bundled off after an insignificant airing of one night and a wet afternoon'. ' And we are not surprised, for the work in question is' one of the most, if not the most, popular of the repertoire. It is generally admitted that Mr. James C. Williamson, besides being a pions man, is also an astute manager, and one who is par ticularly well qualified to look after his own affairs, so we supposo it's alias right as right can be. At the same time one cannot help regretting that many who would have gladly availed themselves of & further opportunity to renew acquaintance with the opera were doomod to disappointment. By the way, Mr. Allan Morris, the very excellent Mikado of Wednesday and Thursday's cast, leaves for England to-day, which reminds us that hero too is matter forthe sincorest regret that such an evidently capable artist should have been withheld until the very last moment. It is an open secret that Mr. Morris' con nection with his management was not of the happiest kind, and that lie and Mr. — , but there, that's no concern of yours or ours, so we can only, express the hope that he may return under conditions which will enable us to sample his quality iu a variety of charac ters. There is an aged and wrinkled aphorism somewhere which says that nothing succeeds like success, and whilst admitting tho pro found wisdom of the assertion we are tion to add on oar own account that there is nothing like success to demoralise people who are successful. This doesn't apply in variably of course, and at present wo number amongst our acquaintances many gentlemen who during their lives have done .nothing,, but strike it rich evory way they turned — and oven now they are not too proud to drink with us when we are in a position to guarantee the capital. Success, and especially a long run of it, will sometimes affect actors with severe enlargement of the head, and in . some cases it induces tfie . more serious disorder of carelessness, upon which not infrequently supervenes deterioration and the consequent dis missal from popularity long enjoyed. Such instances of the effects of success .on pots of the public have been known in this city, and even to-day examples ate not wanting. No matter how popular an actor may be, lib will never, if the love of his profession rises anything above hiB pocket, presume upon his success to take liberties with his work which in a less favored brother would not ror a pioment do countenanced, eitbcr by his management or the public. Time is inexorable, and even John F Sheridan lias to go when his date comes round. This will please be accepted as a delicate hint that tho present season at tho Gari iek will be brought to a close this even- iug, when for the very last time Mr. Sheri- dan will take farewell of his Sydney friends. To mark the occasion with the strongest sort of interest a moBt liberal and diversi fied programme has been arranged, in the course of which tho very popular actor (which his front name is. Johnnie) will ap pear as eight or nino different psoplo inratnd succession. First he'll bo Danny Mann, and in the twisht of a shillelagh he'll bo Myles- Nu-Coppaleon, and then with Miss White- ford he'll tell the mournful tale of " The little peach," besides singing "Ta-rn Thank you, we quite understand. — Ed. Stab. and many other numbers. This big bill will conclude with a- parting kick from the dear ould widow. Mr. Sheridan will leave by tho out-going steamer for America, where an extensive tour has beon booked. Miss Whiteford and "Miss Fanny Liddiard will be members of Mr. Sheridan's company on tour iu tho States, and the principal bait will be " Gwendoline O'Brien, Esq." Minstrelsy of the old-fashioned and whole some typo will, on Monday night, return to the sito of its ancient home in Castlereagh- street. Memories of the days of Hiscocks' Federals, and of such solid favorites aB Ted Amory, Lou Bra ham, Horace Bent, Samuel ICeenan, Beaumont Read, "Nick" Fouillado and others crowd up, and with them a sigh of regret that the original and legitimate form of minstrel entertainment should have been crowded out of the round of public amusements. Tho reason for its demise is not difficult to understand, bat, without going into that just now, we may extend welcome to the American contingent which, headed by the inextinguishable William Josephus Orange Blossom Emerson and George H. Wood, will revive the old form of entertainment at the Garriek Theatre on Monday night. With the ex ception of Mr. Emerson, whoso fine quality is well known to theatre-goers of this oity, none of our American visitors have been here before, so that the entertainment will, at least in this respect, have the important ad vantage of novelty. . Mr. George H. Wood is, we believe, what is known as the "somewhat different" comedian, in distinction, perhaps, to Mr. Charley Reed, who is always known as of the " plain " variety. Mr. Wood's forte is talking, and as a humorous pattorer he is said to have taken all the prize pastry in his own country. Included in the outfit is a vocal quartette, a team of knoek-about and song and dance artists, and all other necessaries for a wildly suocessful raid. Emerson, they say, is in fine voice, and Simonsen had to engage tho whole of the lower hold of the steamer for the new jokes that are about to bo sprung on us. These were labelled " not wanted on the voyage," and wore kept on ice so as they'd arrive ia perfectly fresh condition. This will be good news for John Levison, who hasn't heard ono for 37 years. Ono of the members of tho Emerson-Wood minstrel lot iB Gus. Franks, brother to the late Morris Franks, the clover young per former who, with his partner, Sam Marion, de lighted Australian audiences for some years with their graceful specialty business. Gus. Franks has with him, from America, a photograph of his brother's grave, upon the tombstano over whioh is tho strangely, pathetio iuseription, "In memory of Morris Franks. Died so and bo, aged eo and so. All dates filled." The present Mr. Franks is addicted to the same lino of specialty business as his brother. By yesterday afternoon's express Mr. Harry Rickards and his wife left Sydney for Melbourne, wharo, with the company that recently filled a season at tho Garriek Theatre, a start will at once ho mudo in tho Victorian capital. Henry speaks not in terms of exuberant joy of his Queensland trip. Things wore chilly in Brisbane, and, as they worked north, the business .tempera ture went down with a jerk.- Three nights at the much- vaunted ChurtersTowers cleaned the town out, so it will be understood that in looking forward to his Melbourne season Mr. Rickards hopes to " find it very much warmer there." A week of "Dr. Bill" — and a successful one too wo are given to understand — closed at the Imperial Opera House last night, when this remarkably amusing comedy was received with such warmth by tbo houso assembled that the laughter nearly shook all tho new doeorations out of placcy and joltod the lessoo's eyeglass into his tumbler. To-night a new era iu Miss Myra Ksmblo's season will bo marked by the production for the first time in Australia of a 3-act farcical comedy entitled "The Law," by Mr. Arthur Judge— or to put it tbo right way about, "Tho Judge," by Mr. Arthur Law. This piece mot with considerable sueeoss during a run of some 200 nights at the Opera Comique, London, and detecting in the comedy the right material for the entertainment of Australian theatre-goers Miss Myra Kcmblo secured the rights. For tho worthy representation of tho piece a strong cast has been retained, and the name of Mr. Arthur Lawrenco has been added to tho lint of engagements to strengthen the forces of those who work in V1IC UUU UttUaC) UUU WUUt UU W tv< tllV considerations of a weakly " ghost" but for the amusement and pleasure of their fellow creatures. Mr. Keating will siDg the firot hymn. \--------------------------------- At the School of Arts, North Sydney, Thursday evening next, August 25, Messrs. George Walton and Harry Shine will present a variety entertainment, which , with these two highly popular comedians at its head, should be extensively patronised. In addition to several other well-known artistes, Messrs. Walton and Shine will introduce for the first time some entirely new songs, business, duets and dances, repeating the wonderfully successful and highly diverting burlesque "Duel to the Death," in which these two gentlemen scored so heavily during the run of the burlesque "Randolph the Reckless" at Her Majesty's. \----------------- There is a halo of joy about the head of Mr. Dan Tracoy, and when he has looked upon the front of tho houso at the Gaiety each evening this week his eye has kindled with gladness at the soothing prospect of fat returns when the hired man at the door shall have rendered an account of the take. Tho usual afternoon performance will, be given to-day, and this evening the company, including the fragile George Forteseue and the funny Dales, will give an entirely new programme. About CO persons attended at Mr. John Hunter's, " Toft Monks," Eliza beth Bay, on Thursday eveuing, when a concert and supper were given. The programme was of a high order, and its interpretation was a real musical treat. Tim fftllAreinw urnan flin Y\?r»nna Mnrlnfflrl during the evening:— Violin duet, " Ber ceuse," Mons. Poussard and Mr. A. Hunter; polonaise " Mignon," Mire Marion Llewelyn (Ballarat) ; piano solo, "Don Juan," Miss Hunter; ballad, "Eily Mavourneen," Mr. W. Morgan; song, "Call mo back," Miss Clara Llewelyn; violin solo, "First Con certo," Mons. PouBsard ; ballad, "Ye Bweet wild birds," Mrs. J. Riley ; niano solo, "A tout vapeur," Mons. Kowalski ; piano and violin duet, " Les Huguenots," Mons. H. Kowalski and Mons. Poussard; song, "Remember me no more," Miss Clara Llewelyn ; piano duct, Miss Hunter and Mons. Kowalski; song, " Whisper and I shall hear," Mrs. F. P.iley ; violin solo, "Scotch airs," Mons. Poussard; song, " Sing, sweet bird," Miss Marion Llewelyn ; Bong, " My sweetheart when a boy," Mr. W. Morgan ; and a duet from " Maritana," Misses Marion and Clara Llewelyn. To lovers of high-class music it 'will bo a matter of general congratulation that the Italian Opera Concert Company hus made arrangements for a new series ot concerts commencing to-night, mote particularly as the energetic management has strengthened the company by tho engagement of Miss Bessie Doyle, the brilliant young Australian violinisto. The last concert of the first series was given at the Centennial Hall last night, and, despite the unpleasant character of the weather, was largely attended. There was a large audience in tho body of the hall, while tho northern and southern galleries were well crowded. The concert was quite equal in quality to those preceding it, and the audience showed very strongly its appre ciation of tho musical treat given by the company. Signora Cuttica was heard to ereat advantage in tho Polscco, from "Mignon," which gave full seopo to her highly- trained, magnificent voice. In tho first part she sang an aria from "Rigoletto" well, and appeared with Signor Cuttica in a duo from the same opera, and with Signori Cuttica and Travaglini in a selection from "Lucretia Borgia," both of WillUU WWtD J£1VCM niun ftlUOV lUHOUiO OtVlit and finish. With Signorina Matteoii sho sang a duo from "Norma," whioh was re ceived with loud acclamation. Signorina Matteoii sang an aria from "Faust" with fine effect. The singing of Signor Cuttica in the ooncertcd pieces and a romanza from " Martha" was very fino, and Signor Iorio, with tho scrcnata from "Faust," Signor Sisco, a romanza from " Lucia," and Signor Travaglini, with a cavatina from " La Sonnambula," were all highly success ful, while their concerted' parts called forth hearty approval from a critical audience. Siguor Podenzanna played a pretty little thing by Buzza, "LaVioletta des Alpes," which affordod him cxcoilont oppor tunity of showing his skill on the violoncello. The "Ave Maria " ployed by Mdlle. Krakowskinnd Signor Robottaro was wortlihearing. At to-night's concert Sig nora Cuttica will sing an English ballad, and Signor Iorio tho "Yeoman's Wedding." These selections will form o treat which will be pleasing to many of the audi ence. Something beyond the ordinary in Sunday evening musical entertainments has been arrauged for to-morrow evening at the Darlinghurst Hall. Mr. George Hall, the organiser; has secured the services of 25 of the best exponents of orchestral music in the colony, and a popular' programme has been arranged. Special attention has also been paid'to tho vocal portion of the programmo. Amongst other well-known performers re tained are Miss Gracio Whiteford (by kind permission of Mr. John F. Sheridan), who will make her final appearance to an Aus tralian audience prior to her departure for America ; Mr. W. Walshe, the welt-known tenor ; and Mr, R. Shepherd, tho popular baritone. Tho vocal contributions will bo accompanied by the full orchestra. The United Furniture Trades concert and social was hold last night in tho Oddfellows' Temple, Elizabeth-street, Mr. Ninian Mel ville, M.L.A., presiding. There was a very large audience, and a big programmoiwasset down for discussion. Everything passed off satisfactorily. After the concert was over dancing took its place, and was kept up until a very late hour this morning. Re freshments were also provided. The hall of tho Railway Institute presen ted a vory attractive appearance last night, when an entertainment was given in aid of the funds being raised for tho benefit of the widow und five children of tho lato Michael J. Sheedy. It seems that Sheedy was a partor on tho railway, and died vory suddenly towards the end of June, leaving liiu wifo and little oneB in a destitute condition. Friends stepped iu and relieved their imme diate wauts, and then at tho instance of Mr. J. Burgess and other friends a concert was hold at Rockdale with the objeot of raising funds for their bsnefit. Willing aBsistanco was rendered on all sides, tho " talent " forthcoming being not only of a high class, but of adivonifiaaob'araotori and, aatnopabiia made a genorous response, tho concert proved a great success, and not less than £40 was netted. Emboldened by this the com-- mitteo who have tho matter in hand ar ranged for last night's entertainment, and they had tho gratification of seeing their labors result in asucccssboyond their expecta tions. The programmo was arranged miustrol fashion, and tho first part, i at least, would havo done credit to I professionals, Messrs. H. Crawford and H. Wilkio as bones and tambourino respectively being especially good, whilo Mr. R. Davie gave some character Bketohcs-in wonderfully good style, and fairly brought down tho house. After tho concert tho hall was cloarcd for dancing, which was kept up with vigor till midnight. Tho Railway Brass Band rendered assistance at tho con cert, Mr. Crawford was stage tnanagor, and Professor T. Riclcetts accompanist, whilo Mr. 1C. Ireluud was honorary treasurer and Mr. H. Wilkio hoi.crary secretary. There will bo an afternoon performance of " The Old Guard" at Her Majesty's Tboatro on Wednesday, upon which occasion tho curtaiu will ascend punctually upon tho stroke of 2. Matters in connection with Mr. H. R. Jowott'a farewell benefit havo so far been settled that itia now announced that tho performance shall take placo on Monday, August 29. The Garricn Theatre has beon generously given for the event, and a great many of Mr. Jotvott's professional friends have promised their isnpvieos. t.lin nfTWIr nhnulrl ho a success of tho large kind. Mr. Frank Smith's Alhambra Variety Company has held its own bravely against bad weather, depression, and all competi tors during tho week. Tho present com pany is ono of tho strongest that has ever appeared at the hail, and the change of bill on Monday night is certain to attract an immense audience. There will be a concert at Botany to-morrow afternoon and another ac the Alhambra in the evening. It will be news of interest to conccrt-goors that it is tho intention to give a series of Saturday and Wednosday popular concerts at the School of Arts. Thcso entertain ments will have the advantage of tho ser vices of those talented and popular singers the Misses Albu, To-night tho serios will be inaugurated, and the occasion will bo marked by tho presence of HiB Excellency the Governor. An admirablo programmo has been prepared. Mr. Larmour, of Coogce, announces a bumper bill for to- morrow at Coogce, and a fh'Bt-class eoneert for tho Royal Standard Theatre patrons to-morrow night. The Bricklayers' Society held a concert and social at the Protestant Hall, Castlc- reagh-street, last night, for the purpose of publicly unfurling their now bnnner. The ceremony was performed by Mr. T. Bavister, M. L.A. for Canterbury, and Messrs. M'Gowen and Darnlcy also occupied Beats on tho platform. A highly attractive programmo had been drawn up for tho occasion, the Misses Nina and Tilly Rochester's singing oeiug cue great mature ot tno entertainment. At the conclusion of tho concert tho party adjourned to tho Carritigton Hall, whero dancing was kept up till the small hours of the morning. The banner, which cost about £89, is a fine specimen of Messrs. Althouse and Geiger's workmanship, and will no doubt bo ono of the most beautiful ones in the eight hours processiou. 