THE EASTER TRIP OF TIE NORTH MELBOURNE CRICKET CLUB. BY DitonRA. It is many a year since the members of the North Melbourne Cricket Club allowed either of the two principal holiday seasons of the year to pass without undertaking an excursion to one of our many picturesque country towns, for the purpose of not only playing the local club a game of cricket, but, as they state, to recuperate in a slight degree from the arduous efforts which they undergo in the cricket field in striving to maintain the high reputation of their club in the pennant contests. Such are the reasone which they invariably give when questioned on the subject, but the air in which they are uttered, the adventures afterwards related, and the large number of members that always take the trip, make one at times rather sceptical as to their veracity. Since the trip to Alexandra last Christmas, which was one of the best ever taken, the members have been diligently seeking some fresh place to conquer. Plenty of invitations were extended to them, but anything approaching a town was in every instance strictly tabooed. What was wanted was a place which no metropolitan cricket club had ever pre viously visited, and which would as a con sequence, appreciate in a fitting manner tha visit of the heroes of many a well-fought contest. No such place within a moderate distance of town bein- available, the mom bers, acting on the advice otf Mesrs. McIn doe and Randall who have been "up there before, many a time," decided to accept a cordial invitation which was extended to them by the Campordown Cricket Club. The enthusiastic fisherman of the club, Harry Lording, went into ecstasies at this determination, for would they not be with in only 35 miles of Curdie's Inlet, the best fishelting place in the colony, and had not Tom Launders and Jim Gardiner (I bog his pardon, Cr. Gardiner) been up there at Christmas, Ind had they not caught 44 dozen of bream, some of them over 2 lbe. in weight? History-local history-aver roth so. His enthusiasm communicated itself to others, and when our party, to the number of 26, gathered on the Spencer street Railway Station ea aonic to the scene of their subsequent triumphs, a "rare col lection" met the eye of the stranger. Fish ing rods, tackle, gune, cricketing materials, tambos etc. were heaped together pro miscuously. The only thing needed to complete the display were Peter Alexander's bagpipes. Charley Luckman had a fishing rod bigger than himself, but of all the others, Jim Oliver's, for style and general make up, fairly took the cake. When asked where he raised it, he said "It's the Governor's. You know ha is on X. Y. Z.'s Election Committee, and I got it on condition that I came back from Curdie's Inlet to vote for him-not the Governor. Aint it a beauty ?" And he smiling lovingly at it, apparently satis fled that if he wasv only an amateur at fishing he would have the best turn-out at Curdie'a. However, our tourists and all their implements got safely "carriaged" sand they departed for their destination, which they reached safe and sound. They were met at the station by Messrs. Bam brick and Hay, two Wchilings of Cam perdown, and escorted to the Commercial Hotel, .where an ample supper awaited them, and, it is needless to say it received justice, after which .o our excursionists, being by this time nearly played out, ad journed to "Blanket" town. CRtCKET ON A VOLCA.NO. Tihe next two days, Good Friday and Easter daturday, were devoted to playing the - cricket match. North Melbourne's Eleven was a fairly representative one, consisting of Alexander, Armstrong (two), Bean, E., Carlton, J., Franks, Gourlay, Howlett, Nairn, Stuckey and Woodham. The unmpiring was entrusted to A. Bean and W. Tyer, whilst 0. Luckman officiated as scorer. John Carlton was elected skipper of the visitors, and Mr. J.Thornton, the oldest Intercolonial player now living in the colony, acted in a similar capacity for the Campordown, who accepted the odds offered to them and played with 15 men. The wicket on which the match was played was a turf one, but, owing to the heavy rains which had fallen during the earlier part of the week, was very dead. The cricket ground is very prettily situated and has a good naturvl slope. One very peculiar feature about it is the great elasticity of the turf. At every step the ground sinks underneath the foot, whilst when a cricket-ball falls on it from any height a dull sound is emitted. This our visitors were informed is caused by the ground underneath being hollow and of volcanic origin. One drawback which militates considerably against the prepa ration of good wickets is the large number of worms that eat their way through the wicket during the night. At Warrnambool the rabbits are the nuisance, so the life of a country curator is evidently not a happy one with such evils to conrtend against. The cricket match was not marked by any particular excitement, the local players hardly being class enough to compete suc cessfully against the visitors, who won by 5 wickets and 3 runs. The scores were : North Melbourne, 147, and 32 for 5 wickets; Camperdown 38 and 111. For the winners J. Carlton totted up 71 by vigorous cricket, Woodham 14, O. Arm strong, 13, Stuckey, 12, and Bean 12, not out, being the other principal contributors. In bowling J. Carlton secured 18 wickets for 37 runs, the dead wicket suiting him to a nicety. For Camperdown:-Lan renson, 41; MIackinnon, 36; and Tait 10 displayed fair form with the bat, whilst Tait and Hay were the most successful of the bowlors. "FILLsARMONIC LEIDERTIFFELS." In the evening the visitors in accordanca with their usual custom, gave a sit down promenade concert in the Mechanics In stitute in aid of the funds of the local club. Thu company were minus the services of Mr. D. Wyllie, who has always rendered invaluable aid on oeach previous trip, but who could not leave town durnlog the holi days on accountof his electioneering cam paign in cwhlich Ihe was subsequently suc cessful. The programme consisted of two parts, the first part being a minstrel enter tainment rendered in thie usual style. Meesre Gourlay and Marshall (Bonea) and Measra Costello and WVoodhama (Tambos) were the cornermeo, whilst Mr. H. T. Nairn officiated as Interlacutor and Mr. P. Alexander as pianist. Tile overture "Zampa" was rendered by the company with good effect, and Mr. Nairo then sang the ballad "My best friend wase mother,"in good style. Mr. Gourlay's rendition of "Hli-tiddeley-hi ti" met with great favour from the large audience, as did Mr. E. Arm strong who sang "Just within theb harbour bar,"(peculiary appropriate for fishing at Curdio's). Tie chorus of this ballad is a very pretty one and was well appreciated. Mr. Woodham was in good voice when rendering "They're after me," receiving a well deserved encore. It maybe mention ed hero that all the comic singers were similarly favoured. Mr. G. W. Young placed himself on good terms with the audience, especially the ladies, for the manner in which he rendered "Only to see the dear old place again"(moaning Cam perdown),whilst Mr.Marshall, who followed with the comic refrain "Gilhooley's Supper party" (refering to the "attack" on Thura day at midnight), showed himnself a capable exponent of this Irish ditty, causing roars of laughter. TIhe ballad "The vacant chair" was well rendered by the veteran Mr. Harry Lording, the chorus being ex ceptionally well sung. In fact the same may bo saidof all the part singing, the various performers having evidently de voted much time to practice. Mr. P. Cos tello then sang his master piece comic song, "In our backyard last night", and tihe in imitablePaddy being in good voice,it is needless to say that he received au enthu siastic encore. Mr. C. Armstrong, who was very unwell throughout the evening, then sanag "Come where my love lies dreaming", and despitehis illness rendered the ballad in his usual splendid style. The first part was brought to a conclusion by the farce "The Ghost", and the curtain dropped amidst well merited applause. The second part of the programme was opened by MIr. P. Alexander with a piano solo entitled "~Tonfelsmarsch". The "Friar of Orders Grey" was then well rendered by Mir. Lord ing, Mr. O. Gourlay also succeeding with the comio refrain, "They've all got 'ems" gsnvngln response to an encore "I could'nt" A comic song in chaacter, "Tie Cam perdown Bobby" (trueo to life), by Mr. HB T. Nairn was well received, the singer being favoured with a handsome bouquet of flowers by a lady admirer in the audience. The next item was a part song " Agathe" by Messrs. Alexander, C. Arm strong, Lording and Young, and met with so much favor that more than one member of the visitors was heard to exclaim "Oh, won't mother be pleased," a veiled innuendo apparently well understood. Mr. P.Costello,who followed, gave in charac ter "The Wild Man of Borneo," and looked one every inch, and as an encore "The Tipperary Christening." A duet, "Lar board Watch," by Messrs. Lording and Young, evoked much applause, whilst "The School at the End of the Street," a comic song by Mr. Marshall, received a well-merited encore which was complied with, a comic recitation, " Maloney'e Fe oian Cat," being rendered. (Note.-This song referred in no way to the West Melbourne Elections.) Mr. C. Armatroog fairly brought down the house by his excellent rendition of "My Sweetheart When a Boy," whilst Mr. Woodham was very succeseful with "It's English You Know." This brought the singing part of the programme to a close, and while the curtain was dropped to allow of necessary preparations being made for the farce, Mr. J.. Thornton, the President of the Campordown Cricket Club, mounted the stage aLd proposed a vote of thanks to the members of the North Melbourne Cricket Club for the splendid concert with which they had treated them. Speaking candidly, and without flattery, it was undoubtedly one of the beet concerts that had ever been given in the township. The members of the North Melbourne Cricket Club had hitherto been strangers to him as well as to tLe people in the district, but he was g!ad to say they were strangers no longer, and he hoped they would again favor them with a visit, when he would try and get a tmuch better team to re preseut thoCampegloao, although he did not think that would" be dilliaul, as he was certain that the visit of a senior team like the North Melbourne would give-a great impetus',to their local cricket. The motion was carried enthusiastically and amidst cheers, and Mr. E. Bean made a suitable response on behalf of the North Melbourne. The proceedings terminated by tihe farce, "The Travelling Artists," by Messrs. Nairn, Gourley and Uostello, who kept the audience in roars of laughter for about a quarter-of-an-hour. - FISruIN AND ITS OONSEQUENCES. The next morning at 6 o'clock the fisherman, II. Lording, and his children, A. Bean, Tyrer, Luckman, and Oliver, departed on their 35 miles drive to Ourdio'e Inlet, and with the exception of Messrs. Tyrer and Luckman were not seen till after election day. The two named re turned on Easter Monday, having had quite enough of Harry Lording'e fishing excursions. The other three that stayed behind stated that they had splendid fun; they caught 27 doz. bream while Oliver shot several ducks, foll into the river trying,to get them, and had to go to bed while his clothes dried, as he left his portmanteau at Campordown. Altogether they felt quite satisfied with their first trip to Gurdio's River. SIoHT SEEING AND HOSPrALrrITY. Those of nor excuralonists who did not go a-fishing, enjoyed the morning by visit ing several places of interest including the Park. One amateur horseman had a nar row escape from a severe accident, as he received such a heavy fall from his horse that he intends to leave riding alone in the future. In the afternoon our visitors were conveyed by Mr. J. Thornton to his resi dence at Mount Myrtoon, and they spent a most enjoyable day. Mr. Thornton shew ed them all the trophies which he won when playing Intercolonlal cricket 33 years ago. One trophy was for long stopping, and he appeared to especially prize it, as he, in com pany with others, fielded throughout the match in his bare feet. Those were the days I RAnBITs AND SINGLE WICKET. The next day, Easter Monday, was spent in visiting various places of interest,lnclud ing the Rabbit Preserving Works recently removed from Colac. In the afternoon an interesting cricket match, single wicket, took place between "Tiny" and "Yucker" in the presceonco of a couple of hundred spectators, who evinced much interest in the amateurish interests of the twain. Each player had numerous partizlus cheer ing him on to victory, but in the end weight told, and Yucker was proclaimed the victor amidst much enthusiasm, by one innings and one run. In the evening the members were the guests of Mr. and the Misses Wal ker, and to say that they spent an enjoyable evening would be a very mild form of ex pression. On Easter Tuesday the visitors played several games of tennis with the members of the local club. They desire to especially thank Mr. Thornton, Mr. Walker and the Misses Walker, Mr. Bambrick and Mr. Hay for many kindnesses during their first visit to Camperdown. 