? So fur as we 1;now from more or less authentic paintings there was not much in common, so far as personal' appearance is concerned, between Cleopatra and Bridget O'Brien. Vet, as was said of the Ancient Egyptian, so it may he repeated of the Modern " Greek," that . ' . . , •• Age cannot wither her. nor custom stale Her infinite variety— Bridget O'Brien, Esquire, is regarded by all playgoers not as a clever artist, hutas a warm personal fri lid. Everybody who knows her likes her, laughs at her, laughs with her, and, as a cure for dulness and depression, swears by her. With all her merry humour and colloquial blunders, however, the Widow O'Brien is a cunning old lady, r. unlike other friends we know, she does not wear out her welcome. She bursts in upon lis with her bright face bubbling over with happy and self-satisfied contentment with all 1 he world as with herself. She amuses 11s, tickles us into long sentences of smiling, punctuated with points of loud laughter, then f tor a few weeks, she, long before her weltime has grown cold, seeks her friends in another colony. Of course we miss her genial smile, but although •• Like a nt-ir we see falling, she passed With her lustre still bright and undimmed to the last," we are not utterly cast down, for. like the grandfather in "The Old Curiosity Shop," we know s'.ie'll come agaiu to-morrow." One of those merry morrows has arrived, and Hridget, " our own true loved one," has not waited till the clouds rolled by. but has come, and so far as mental gloom is concerned, has put the clouds to flight. She is just tbe same mercurial bulb she has always been, and as she rises in the t heatrical thermometer the atmosphere of the ltoy.il grows warmer and beams with mirth and laughter warm, very warm. As usual, she brings a budget of new things with her; new songs, new dances and new funniiuents. The dainty little Gracie Whiteford is still of the com- , puny, and is as lively and loveable as ever in the character of Nora, whilst the Widow's married daughter, Dora, finds an admirable representative'.. in Hiss Stella Tudor. Miss Leamington is the stately dowager, aud the clever Bovis brothers are still to he found in the train of Bridget O'Brien, Esquire. At the 1'rinccss' Theatre " Dorothy " still fills the lull, and next week there will be a varied list, when "The Old Guard " and "The Gondoliers" will find brief revivals. Vor Easter Mr. Williamson proposes to stage '• Carmen "in an unusually magnificent style. Mhk. liKKNAlU) Herri; can certainly claim extraordinary versatility when she can make l.rilliant successes in two such diverse characters brilliant successes in rno s"cii unuioiciiaru.i-i.eis as Lena Despard (" As in a Looking-Glass ), and l\\..r Wellington ("Masks and Faces"). Any pe^on who had seen the actress in the former character would never d r e a m that slio could give such bright life a n d sparkle to t h e latter. Like all great stresses, mS's. Beere strikes o u t a line for herself. She plays Peg appropriately enough, with an Irish brogue, and gives a reading of the part, which in many places is original, and in all acceptable. J ust in the same manner as she fitted herself to the individuality of the adventuress, Lona, she seems now to clothe herself in the warm nature of the famous Peg Wofiington. Her acting throughout was faultless, , .,,. . „. . - , . j d her brilliant efloite warmly recognised and appreciated. Mabel Vane found a handsome aud liitullijjeut i Miss Watson made a satisfactoryjm; Clive^ M. Manns' accent does not harmonise w-ith the character Winter of Sir Charles Pomander, l'omander. but other- wise was a good performance. Mr. Herbert Standing played Triplet in sound and effective fashion, like the experienced actor that he is, and Sir. Otto Stuart was good as Ernest Vane. Of our older friends the highest praise is due to Mr, Itoyco for his excellent .ujiu Colly v^oiiv Gibber, viuuei, wju and ajxcdoio. Messrs Htuerv and Willis tor the two critics, Snarl and uaujana Huiiiiui "to ' i.„. „,,<> boaper. Tbe triplet children, Lysiuiaulins and Roxahma, were intelligently played by Master and Jliss Pelham. "Masks and Faces" was V ,„1, „„ ,1,„ first ,,io-hfbv a entlmsiastically received on the tir^t night bya capital house. , „ , The new comedy, "Sunlight and Shadow, at the. Bijou, has ljn formed" by Mr. R. C. Carton on what might be called approved dramatic lines. lie has not run tbe risk of incarceration in a lunatic asylum by going in for any striking originality of plot, but has gone upon the principle that what has been good enough for successf -sful ' plays A 1 ' ' in "the past should be good J enough for successful plays in the present. Being able to write good and taking _ dialogue, „ , he has, like a wise man, built his piece as his dramatic father aud grandfather built pieces before him. So it comes to pass that lie has evolved a party by the name " J . ( d, voung man meets a female party by the name ot Janet and marries her secretly. She gets tired ol him and gots off with abandsoiner mfn. whereupon the party by tbe name of Denzil adopts tlie fashionable method of finding » travel. Party by the name ot Janet meanwhile goes olT to New South Wales in an emigrant, ship. ShiD is wrecked off the Goodwins and all hand9 perish. Of course, it is not to be supposed that tlie party by tho name ot Jauet really jierishes— if she had been so obliging the play could not have been written. However, the party by the name of Den7.il believes that bis wife is a goner, so ho returns to the little English village in which the scene is laid, and at this stage the curtain rises for the first time and the play ,) e * ins - . Wo are introduced to a village doctor with a eonine head and hair, a slop buff vest and two fair daughters. No one envies him his leonine hair or his vest, but his daughters are more desirable possessions. The organist of the village church is a young man with a game leg, which would have been gamier but for the treatment of the leonine doctor. As a return for hie surgical services the voung man falls deeply in love with ne of ,he foresaid daughters, Helen, whilst a wealthy noodle, who, of course, is named Adolpbus, is willing to give bis heart and hand— he has no head worth mentioning—to the other, Maud, So far as the noodle is concerned, the course of true love is as smooth as a baby's chin, but that of the organist with the game leg has a bristle, iu the sliape of the party by the name of Denzil, who, after finding forgetfulness aud grey hair in travel, waltzes in and forthwith prepares to gobble up the tender heart of Helen. It should be mentioned that the doctor and tlio party by the name of Denzil are old college chums, so that Helen has always respected him, and all that sort of thing, and now thinks she could love him and all the other sort of thing. At this juncture a stout party of the female sex hangs on to the wings, aud emits flashes of triumph and other passions frOm her wicked eyes. Everybody guesses that this \ s l> a - rt * . was 4 rowne . d - , and The act-drop descends into everybody is right. the plot, which we perceive is at once beginning to thicken. The Shadow—and, in passing, we may remark that Miss Watt-Tanner, who plays the female party, is rather substantial for a shadow—has fai]en, but no one seems to be any the worse, for ,]] ;s going as happy as the projected marriage bell—except, perhaps, the organist, who increases his stock of compound fractures, and adds to the g,u!lf. leg a broken heart. But the Shadow is prowling around or, to use the more poetic fall,,ua,« 0f the playbill, the shadow deepens. As the Shadow is hard up, she is not particular to a shade, and is ready to seize any ghost of a chance of obtaining money, for Miss Watt- Tanner is a shadow that suggests the necessity nf three square meals a day. Tbe leonine doctor ,]ms a sum . of money which, with elaborate 'dftliberation a^iDBiym^ • 3s locked Vc un 1 in a desk, and the key fmnt ,„lt ' -piiS in' the clock or under the front-door mat, or -gome other equally secure hiding-place, particular care being taken by the author that the coneealmentis done in full view of the Shadow. The Shadow . P grabs n . . the — ... money, , r, _ Helen , 1. _ j grasps • -\ , at the . • Shadow (and doesn't lose the substance), there is . a general „i ol,;„.!,. shindy, and the party t,v by th„ the namo name of of Denzil officiates as Nemesis. I he Shadow is under the cloud of a thick veil— " Now let us see your face, whoever vou are." Tlie unveiling of the Shadow throws a coldness over the meeting. Denzil gets spasms. More flashes of triumph and blue fire from the gleaming eyes of the Shadow, the lurid glare of which has been continuing from the last act and " " " " . ^ J " . . is (not) to bo continued in tlie next. * In the third act the Shadow fades We do not see her fading, b u t she is up in London a n d has, n o doubt, allowed t h e metropolitan fog to settle on her lungs ^ s s i b l y in some a t c h f t , m s faintly warbled to a superstitious parent- " Darling mother, don't forgot it Colman's mustard is tbe best— Ask for it and see you get it- Put a plaster on my che-e-e-st!" There must have been a spurious trade-mark the label, for the Shadow fades away nhiiainu-lv leaves the warty by the nanie of Denzil obligingly leaves tno party y , . .. j to give up finding tajRrtfnl ^ ^ ^ ^ — ^ ^ i f t o n ™ ana o by Helen, and he, no over, atter being actepw-u y^ _ J , . _ T doubt beinif of no account, will pine and fade on aouoi,, ui-iug Ui 1 +Vl„ Helen's wedding morn, whilst the party by the name of Denzil is basking in that happy maiden s smile At latest dates—that is to say, when the curtain "fell—the organist was still alive, and, U— e as he 1.. was, ,1 be"proposed - to "run" every evening until furtliei notice. * * * ..Sunlieht and shadow" is capitally acted all j " r new candidate for 0 ™ d M,s - s . ; onMln ^mpdienne liubhc favour, is a bright and winsome comedienne, I vivacit aud natumi mfirriment. Miss T«,,nnlo as the eentle Helen, plays with great i<U p e ' ? m L W„H Tanner tenderness and pathos, and Miss Wart-ianner ; 6 ^ we have said, a most substantial and to the djjdow^ Mr. TitUeradge, ^ [)eTI7,il: excellent. Mr. Houclcault, as the oro.anist. a quietly intense and creditable perform- ^ A r a s the noodle, Adolphus. aum8ingly idiotic; the leonine Lawrence a satisfactory Dr. Latimer; and Mr. M'lntyre seen to ^aVtage - "as a ]iqu0r-loving 1 . servant. nnvt On +1,0 the wllole a pleasing and entertaining performance. — t h e Alexandra Theatre still keeps up with tbe processi0n of sensational events of the hour, Y, " wilful Wilful Murder " possesses, whether by accident w — . " -.j 1 tragedy tliat it is dragging in an excited populace witness it. As everybody cannot get admission ^ ^The Ml andori^iiialVoiiams, they do the ues(. j30Sj. (0r worst) thing—tbey crowd to tlie Alexandra to see the mimic representation of tho notorious criminal. The Gaictv Company, so ably managed by Mr. DaI1 Tracey/by continually changing performers a n d performances, are attracting large attendances. The latest arrivals are all big favourites, a n d whether it be song, dance or ballad encores , d j d Fred Garnet, the acrobat and H " dummy clown, is a most valuable acquisition to the show. Large and enthusiastic audiences have been the rule at the Victoria Hall during the week, and the Brigands appear to be immensely popular, M r : liillm has gone to greattrouble and outlay, and deserves all the success that is now crowning his efforts. Further novelties arc in preparation, so that there seems no reason why Mr. 13. should not work an " all-the-year-vound success." Wiluams and Company fill the Waxworks morning, noon and night. 