Concert at Box Hill. A minstrel and varioty' entertainment foi the benefit of the widow of the lato Mr 0\. W. Sutton, was held in tho Ilecreatior ,lall, Box B1ill, on Tuesday evening last There was, we are pleased to state, a crowd ed house, all the seats being occupied, and numbers \vore forced to stand. T'le lirsl part was taken lip by nl minstrel performance, which gavo entiro satisfaction, so creditably were the various items rendered by all who took part in it. Two first-class corner men were found in Meossrs. D. IRobertson (bones) and Itichardson (tambo); while Mr. (. Ibtid made a capital interlocutor. Tho jokes were appropriate and to the point, and were much appreciated by the audienco. After the opening chorus, Mr. J. 0. Smith fairly gained tile sympathy of all present by the admir. able way in which he sang " I'so gwino back to Dixie." This was followed by Mr. 0\. 8. White singing " Genevieve," with his usual sweetness and fervour. Mr. 0. Green field sang "ltazel Doll," in good style, whiilo Mlr. J. II. Daloy's rich tenor voice was heard to advantage inl "Essio Dear," and Mr. Alphonso Gromann elicited warni applause by the touching way in which he rendered " White Wings." The two corner men delighted the audience by the capital man. nor in which they acqluitted themselves, both in their singing and anoting. A "lGhost" scene concluded the first part, and it is needless to say it caused :oars of laughter. The second part opened with a pianoforte solo, after which Mr. D. Nathan sang " Haul ime back again." Mr. A. J. Gromann who was in, anrnlinnt van.en ,nrn.l n nrrnt via. tory io that grand song "'11 h? mighlty deep." lMiss A. 1oyd, who has a very ilno vroeoo, \- sang " Monal," with pleasing effect, and was I deservedly appllauded. Mr. J. Iteid gave a Scotch reeitation, " hide in a ]ansoll cb " in capital style. Miss M. lrowne sang that well-known song " l'ver of thee " very sweetly, alld B Miea and Mas(ter George Ihrit. nell sang it duct so well thtlin tl autdietnce demanllllded an encotre. 'The genl of the even ilg was it Imusical selection oin the hIlls by Air. Arthur I,elliott, who waes aeeonllpaied on the piano bIy hi is iter. Mr. lelliolt belonlgs to Iti mnusicale family, in whose inttl'es the spirit of hloarilony seemls to be ilherelt. It was worth all the Imoney charged for ladllis sion to listen to the Iharlimolltnios mannler in which lhe, with two sticks and soitco ten bells, [prolduced such exlluisitO music. ieverall 'ersols whose tnames were oil the IroIgrammi e not being able ta atttelul, valuable sub:tiitutes were provided, colnsetiently the autdietnce ldid not lose ita single Inumber. The entertainmetntot concluded wi,h the laughaublo farco' " The Goose with the (iGolll Eggs," which was admirably represented by the following Indies andt gentlemen :--Messrs. 1. Miuldowitey, T. i)' Keele, has. Travers, Misses Muldlownev anltl C. M. IBrowni. The acting of Mr. NMutldowleuy faiil'ly carried away the' audietlce, nutd Ihe wIs ably assisted by the ladies aIl gentllemen laeld. The linal act was. the silnging of the National Ansheun in which the audience joined. Great praise is due to Mr. Kirby and thle cotiuitte for tlhe pains landl attenltionl they bestowed ill getting up uouch splendid enl tertailllinent, anld we are gltad to see thlat their praisoworthy cllorts to assist il a noble cause met with the approval of the plublic, who always come to the front in Box Hill when the case it a deserving one. 