IHIDLISIICD DAILY. I am in the place w here I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS Letters and other com- mu in cations intended for in section in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR Rejected letters cannot be returned under any car cirumstances whatever Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly IS of notice can be taken of anonymous communications Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid inconvenience and 1 el j to persons In arrested we have to request that all business communications including advertisements, orders for the piper and re mil Uncen be addressed to WILSON and MACKINNON, and not to Tin I UITOU Pav, incuts by post office order bank draft, or A Victorian postage stamps will oblige FAIR DAY, DECEMBER 16, 1892. The terms of the motion submitted by the member for Warrnambool to the Assembly yesterday with regard to the prosecution of the managers of a particular financial institution in this city were far from happy. As it stood the motion was not one that could be properly supported, inasmuch as it called for a prosecution where it should haveaskedforapreliiniiiary investigation. But there is a fair subject for Parliamentary discussion involved in the proposal and in the reply of the Attorney General, and one about which a decision ought to be arrived at. It is inadvisable, as the Attorney-General puts it, that the House should be turned into a court for the trial of particular offenders, but it is also true that there is nothing which concerns the House representing as it does the country more nearly than that fair and equitable arrangements should be made for the punishment of evildoers and for the protection of the weak and the help- less who may have been wronged. The question which has arisen is, given a series of financial scandals, when and under what circumstances ought the state to interfere 1 This is a problem which can be dealt with on broad grounds, in a calm spirit, and without reference to any of the cases in the public mind. Mr. SimiLS lays down the rule that the state can only interfere when some fraud is brought under the notice of the Crown law officers ; when that fraud is traced home to some particular individuals and when it is established that the individuals in question had a guilty knowledge of the offence and its effects. When all this has been done Mr. SHIELS is prepared to let the law take its course, without regard to rich and poor. On the other hand, it is contended that no grandiloquent language gets rid of the fact that these rules are a new departure from British practice, and that rigidly interpreted, as the Attorney-General rigidly inter- prets them, they operate in favour of possible offenders and as against possible victims. It should be sufficient, it is alleged, for men who complain that they have been wronged to establish an offence, and that being done it is urged that it becomes the duty of the Crown to ascertain who are the offenders. The parallel case is that of the breaking into a bank. When that offence is brought under the notice of the Crown, the bank is not required to sheet the charge home to any particular individual and to establish the man's felonious intent, but the police are at once employed in an endeavour to discover, to arrest, and to prosecute the culprit. And the argument is that it is equally reasonable, when there is pal pable evidence of a serious financial fraud, that the Crown authorities should order an investigation to see whether there are men who, in the public interests, should be placed upon their trial. Unless this is done it is obvious that there may be a denial of justice to the ordinary shareholder or depositor. Thus liquidators may report that as the result of their investigations they find that a financial company has really transacted no real business for years that the transactions described in the half-yearly reports were bogus transactions ; that" the profits set forth were never earned and never received and that the dividends distributed on the strength of these imaginary profits were paid out of the deposits which this sham representation brought to the society. In such a case the liquidators for their part would say that prosecution is no business of theirs that they are appointed to collect the assets-and to divide them amongst the creditors, and for no other purpose and that their duty is discharged when they submit the facts for general information. Is it the duty of the Crown to interfere at this stage and make an investigation, or is it not. This is really the question at issue. If not, then the individual shareholder is left to his own resources, and he is as a rule practically helpless, He cannot examine the books and work out the case, and put himself in the position to make the affidavits required by the Attorney-General He has neither the time, nor the technical knowledge, nor the money necessary for a research. No doubt shareholders can act in combination, and can subscribe money for an investigation into the allegations made by the liquidators _ but unless this is done, then the offence, no matter how much it violates public morals, must go without inquiry. According to the Attorney-General, no matter how great the scandal or how notorious the crime, the Crown must necessarily remain inert. As is said, this is not the rule which obtains in Great Britain. In the two best known cases of the half century the City of Glasgow Bank and the Royal British Bank-the Crown took notice of the facts disclosed by committees of investigation, and immediately ordered an inquiry. And it has never been contended that the Crown exceeded its functions in these instances. The law officers of the Crown were not accused of " listening " to calumnies ; " of " pandering to " clamour ; " of " disturbing the calm " and majestic march of justice ; " and of committing the other frightful errors and misconduct which Mr. SHIELS thinks would be rightfully imputed to him were he to follow British precedent. Nor were they supposed to be " thirst " ing for blood," or " associating with " wreckers," as Mr. FRANK STUART ingeniously presumes are the citizens who are doubtful as to the wisdom of the Attorney-General in the matter. On the contrary, we are sure that their action was never challenged, and the probability is that they were thanked for taking action in the interests of society when action was clearly necessary. The Crown in Great Britain still has the power to interfere when the scandal is sufficiently notorious to justify interference. In such instances it can exercise a reasonable discretion. In Victoria, also, the Crown could interfere, as it did in the Provincial and Suburban Bank case (which was a very small and insignificant affair) ; but, according to Air. SHIELS, the Crown law officers have resolved to forego this right, and if there is no private proof there will in the present and in the future be no Crown inquiry. The wisdom, as well as the propriety, of the position is to be doubted. ' In two or three instances liquidators have published damaging and serious imputations of apparent misconduct. If the Crown had made inquiries - which would have been almost costless it could either have ordered prosecutions or it could have reported that, though there had been grave errors and much reckless trading, still fraud could not be successfully imputed and the decision would have been joyfully acquiesced in. As it is, ill-feeling has been engendered, and hurtful suspicions also, while the scandals which should have been almost forgotten by now have been indefinitely and injuriously prolonged. A hearty message of congratulation has already been sent to Mr. GROVER CLEVELAND by the citizens of Sydney who favour the principle of which Mr. CLEVELAND is the best-known champion the wide world over, and there is good reason why the citizens of Melbourne who are of the same mind should join in the movement. They have a right to recognise a great service rendered to their cause. For whatever else Mr. CLEVELAND has done, he has shattered once and for over the popular idea that protection in America is a national principle accepted by all, and so working to the satisfaction of all that it would be absurd to challenge it. This was the belief which was impressed upon outside communities. " The American example," " the American success," " the American " prosperity under the BJ stem," were pin cases which were on the lips of every talker it he advocated a restrictive tariff The argument of American contentment was a forcible one with most people, but it has now disappeared among the withstand shadows of the day. The brilliant promises made by the advocates of commercial restriction did undoubtedly captivate the American people for a time, and there is no occasion now to regret that the system had a full and a fair trial in the States under the most favourable conditions, for that renders the present emphatic condemnation of the system by the Democratic party only the more valuable and noteworthy There is no doubt that the Democratic party, under the pressure of events and influenced by the success of the protectionist cry, fell away from the fiscal doctrine preached by JMFTCWON, and the merit of carrying it under its old standard belongs entirely to Mr CLEVELAND He was seated in the Presidential chair The country was well satisfied with his ability and his integrity in action, and his re- election was considered certain if he followed the modern democratic course of " trimming " on the fiscal issue, when, to the astonishment of one and all, he sent to Congress in 1887 a message telling the American people that free trade on the lines of ADAM SMITH and of COBDEN would best suit their interests, as it suits the interest of all people. The manifesto was a turning point in American history. It lost Mr. CLEVELAND his re-election, inasmuch as it was a surprise ; but it assured the discussion of the question in every hamlet in the States, and the result was seen in the remarkable experience of this year. In the first place, though the " machine " politicians made an effort to run a more pliable man, the Democratic party, as with one voice, insisted upon CLEVELAND as their leader, and upon " tariff" reform " as their policy and in the next, as we know, the enthusiasm for the leader and for the cause swept the greater part of the country. Mr. CLEVELAND has shown that the people can be reached by plain words and by honest argument. His career is evidence that those who have a firm grip of a principle that makes for the public good ought not to be dis- couraged by an adverse and temporary set of opinion against them, but that as patriots it is their duty to work on through cloud to sunshine. Everywhere Mr. CLEVELAND'S example gives the fiscal reformer new courage There is no delusion, we are sure, here as to Mr. CLEVELAND'S position. Personally, he is a simple and absolute freetrader, and he tells the people so ; but he is not a revolutionist, and neither he nor his friends will make any endeavour to turn things topsy-turvy in America. It is, wise to build slowly, and it is still more wise to unbuild slowly. If the Democratic majority provides for the free import of certain raw materials, such as wool, and re- duces the taxes on the necessaries of life, it will have made a fair start on the right road. America will then commence to travel in the proper direction, instead of proceeding further in the wrong. And Mr. CLEVELAND has not said a word to indicate that he would favour a swifter progress than this but on the contrary he has not favoured fusion with the " Farmers' Alliance " or " People's Party," which is for attaining free- trade conditions at a bound. In other words the Australian freetraders are sending their congratulations, not to a fanatic, but to a statesman who is working with statesmen in a statesman- like manner. It is noteworthy that the Melbourne demonstration is to be Australian in character It would have been somewhat difficult for the other side to have met their fellow Australians to congratulate General HARBISON had he been the victor in the campaign, for they -are unhappily still engaged in restricting intercourse with each other, in each trying to limit the others market, forgetful that in so doing they limit each his own But the fiscal reformers can rejoice in taking counsel together It is a pleasure to them to proclaim their Australian brotherhood They look forward to peace within Australian borders first, and they believe that Australia will ultimately decide-as America is likely to ultimately decide for a free inter course-alike profitable and noble with all the peoples of the earth. Whilst it is quite true that the community cannot be made moral by act of Parliament, it is equally certain that the worst features of immorality may be checked by a judicious administration of the law. There is a distinct via media between the impracticable, heroic measures urged by enthusiasts for moral reform, and the want of energy and laissez faire notions of those who would treat flaunting vice with indifference, and stifle all restrictive effort beneath the sheltering phrase " necessary evil." The universal crusade preached in some quarters no person of judgment expects to see undertaken on this side of the millennium, but that is no reason why a notorious instance, when pointed out by responsible authorities, should be, in the result, winked at. The public has no interest in acting as dispenser of blame between the police and the local council in reference to the charges and investigations that have recently been made with respect to the prevalence of houses of ill fame in Fitzroy Whit 13 known and felt is that, complaints having been made, the police, after instituting inquiries, put forward certain allegations which demanded full examination and, if correct, vigorous action, and that a sub-committee of the council, after having entered into the question, reports that there is " no further ground for in " quay," for the reason, amongst others, that the police have declined " to substantiate the statements This report was ordered to be sent to the Chief Commissioner of Police, and these, apparently, the council intends the incident to one It is obvious that this seeming in tention ought not to be carried out. The complaints cannot be allowed to fall through between the two stools of police and councillors Mr Grover 3 officers are not in the habit of making assertions which they cannot support, and if they have done so in this case the sooner an inquiry into their conduct is instituted the better It strikes the casual reader of the subcommittees report as noteworthy that the average tion appears to have been directed to the knowledge possessed by the agents who not certain suspected houses as to the character of the occupants, rather than to the fundamental issues smoked seasons with which we are in quailed may have existed for adopting that course, and, so far as it goes, the inquiry is commendable But why stop at the agents' knowledge, instead of going on to deal with the substantial underlying facts? Who owns the houses complained of by the police? Are they let at higher rentals than would be paid by ordinary tenants? What precautions are taken to ascertain the purposes for we felt the suspected houses are let I These legitimate subjects of investigation do not appear, judging by the report, to have been dealt with Still less can it be gathered v> whether any real cause for objection to the houses exists We draw attention to the matter, not solely on account of the surroundings of the particular in stance, but because the conflict between the police and the Fitzroy Council ma), yo imagine, be taken as illustrating other similar sets of circumstances, and it is well that when a glimpse of the undercurrent is caught the chance should not be wasted. When the Makin scandal in a sister colony called attention the other day to the Infant Life Protection Act passed by our Legislature in 1899 it was found that the necessary regulations to enable the most important part of the law to be put into effect had not been prepared ; the act was, in fact, a dead letter. One would like to know whether the provisions of the Crimes Act of 1891 for the suppression of prostitution are similarly in abeyance, or whether they have been vigorously administered. Based as they are upon English legislation, excellent results might be obtained by their impartial enforcement, especially in regard to the rescue of young women of 18 years of age and under from lives of vice, and the punishment of householders who connive at social depravity. How many warrants have been obtained to search suspected premises, c to prevent the abduction or detention of girls as defined by the drastic provisions of the 17th, 18th, and 19th sections. It cannot be doubted that the firm and discreet exercise of the powers there conferred, together with the aid of those previously possessed by the authorities under police legislation, would work a very marked improvement in a condition of things which, if not eradicated, is at least capable of amelioration We do not want fanaticism, but there is call for a reasonable amount of zeal Both the northern sub when lifesavers adopted by the Assembly by yesterday, mil Gottlieb future is by no means assured There are members, such as Mr RICHARDSON, who support the two lines pending the financial statement to be made by the Tie ismor If the money is available the member for Creswick has no objection to the lines, but if money is likely to be short he admits that one of these railways must go, or other must be postponed And this, no doubt, is the common sense view of the case The two lines have to be built, and when they should be built is a question in ways and means, no more and no less Mr Dow Mrs CtitTH is substantially of the same mind, and, having voted against the Fitzroy line, the hon member supported the Collingwood proposed in order that both schemes may (be before the Legislative Council for the Council to arbil t to with both lines and all the financial information before it This information about the ways and the means ought certainly to have been put before the Assembly, so that it may be in as good a position to decide and to act on behalf of the community as the Council Without the loan details the House is simply groping in the club Much of the extravagance in the past was due to the House young railways and other public w works in advance of loans Parliament did not cut the coat according to the cloth, and was astonished at the end to find that so much cloth was required The system was condemned after the event had opened ever body s eyes and now we have Ministers, will acquiesced in the arrangement and there denounced and denounced it, returning to the old evil Line after line is being voted, and where the money is to come from not one member has an idea 'Um Mimstoinl arrangements for a new loan I may be ill yet 01 they may be". part so long is. embers can push their own proposals, though they do not as care 4 the Council, ive fool as, I reverse the i i moment, he was a. Mdeithoyyiys and means first, 9d s ' died upon the lines ^/^"uy not oycny.se on the part of the Assembly to force upon the Council he is arbitration and selection ... the waters of the nation, and yet this is le ewe which has been adopted by voting i ian way Kcliomo in the absolute hearing of information about loan finances The Legislative Assembly met at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon and almost immediately was plunged into a discussion on the question of the prosecution of the directors of the Mercantile Bank. A motion by Mr. Murray brought the matter up, but the debate had to be adjourned at 5 o'clock, at which hour the time for private business expired. Railways were the next order of the day, and for the remainder of the evening, with but a short interruption, no other subject than the extension of lines was thought of. Resuming at the point at which business was suspended on Tuesday, members proceeded to consider whether or not the proposed line to Fitzroy should be made, and subsequently concurred in the proposal by 43 votes to 30. If several country members who voted for the line in order to obtain support for lines in which they are interested had acted with the main body of the country representa- turn the resolution would have been de- feited Yet Mr Dunn was called to order because he asserted that members were log rolling The Collingwood line was next agreed to by 48 votes to 22 and then, in spite of the Government, Mr Kintyre succeeded in obtaining assent to the construction of a line from Laanecoorie to Llanelly by 42 votes to 15 The House adjourned at 25 minutes to 12 The resumption of the debate in the Legislative Assembly yesterday on the 1 Fitzroy line round the chances of the motion being carried about the same as they were when the House rose on Wednesday An unexpected amend ments Mr Burrowes momentanlyaltered the aspect of the matter however that hon member, with professions of regard for the members for 1 Fitzroy) and Collingwood, show ed that the proposals for both lines be referred ] kick to the Government with instructions to select a route which would enable one line to serve the two districts The venture was unsuccessful, for the House rejected till, amendment b> U votes to 22 The line was soon afterwards agreed to Next came the Collingwood proposed, and it was at once evident that the extension to that city was more favoured than that to the adjoining umnicipaht. Mr Campbell, who is not content to lightly skim the surface of things discovered a reason why the line should be authorised, which Mr Downes" Carter not merely concurred in but aided the compliment that no one but a Scotchman and 1 Presbyterian would have thought of it. It was that is the Assembly had agreed to the strong line it should also agree to the Collingwood line so as to give the Council an opportunity of considering the one as against the other Mr Patterson and Mr Staughton who both approved of the Collingwood route, felt themselves compelled to vote against it, because of 1 nancial considerations It was evident how i yer that their voices fell on indifferent cars and the large majority on the du sion glad denied the hearts of the members for the district There was an instant adjournment of hilarious northern suburbs citizens from the galleries to some other part of the building in military matters there is nothing so dis censuring, as a collision Mr States had I roof of this last night He was endeavouring. to induce the House to reject Mr Al Inst) at s motion for the line from Laanc course to J Llanelly and was at pains to show that the selection of lines made by the Ministry was the best that could be made He is always strong on quotations, and, if course, had three or four to suit this subject " I hold in my hand," he said a memorandum by thelatellailwaj Commis sioners as to the order in which they can enter the lines recommended by the Stand- ing Committee should be constructed, and I find that the first four are in the same notation as in our scheme" "And so you dismissed them,' said Mr Zox gravely Mr Shiels was staggered All he could do was to stare vacantly while members on all sides Minified approval of the remark The Mildura ghost has not been laid, but was before the Speaker in the Legislative Assembly yesterday In order to enable the bill introduced in the interests of the settlers opposed to the Messrs Chaffey to be dealt with the Premier, after the refreshment adjournment, agreed to allow the railway debate to be suspended for an hour Mr 'J any owner, who is in charge of the measure, took his seat at the table to go on with the bill, but Mr Levien, who is one of the directors of Messrs Chaffey Bros Limited, briefly intimated that the provisional agreement of Thursday last had not been completed 'Therefore it would be waste of time to go on with the measure, for it could not possibly be dealt with in an hour unless Mr law ever undertook that its provisions would be limited strictly to avail lifting of rates areas struck and giving power to strike new rates Mr law owner refused, and then there was a dead lock Mr Shiels explained that the difficulty was not as to the provisions of the bill, but as to the terms of an agreement to carry into effect the ' undertaking of the Messrs. Chaffey to pay rate, on land held for sale. "Hit agreement could not be agreed upon, and he thought the matter should be arbitrated upon This view commended itself to the House, and the Speaker left the chair for five minutes to enable an understanding as to arbitration to be come to Informal negotiations followed, and when the Speaker resumed the chair Mr. Shiels announced that it had been agreed that the parties concerned should have until Tuesday to endeavour to settle their differences, and that, in the event of failure, he and Mr. Gillies yveretoarbi rate between them. This announcement gave satisfaction, and the matter dropped. 'Juo points were in depute. The settlers, represented by Mr. Ti.serner, wanted the Mildura Irrigation Company wound up, the Misses Chaffe, nant it preserved, the Messrs Chaffe, think they should not be required to pay rates in any one quarter in greater proportion than the payment made by the settlers, but that limitation was objected to by the other side. Mr li violins and Mr R. H Reid, the representatives of the merchants and traders on the "Marine Board, retire by effluxion of time on the 20th inst "Nominations were received yesterday by the returning officer, Dr Wollaston, for the vacancies, and in addition to the present members, who intend to offer themselves for re-election Mr S P Akhurst (Messrs W W. olker and Co ), and Mr F J Parker (Messrs Huddart Parker, and Co ) were nominated The election will take place at the Custom-house. on the 21st mat 'J he term of office for the future repre relatives will be three years, the first term, which is now expiring, having been four j ears 1 representative of the Mooroopna hospital waited on the Treasurer yesterday. and asked that the Government grant towards the erection of an additional ward to that institution should be increased from £500 to see It was explained that the original proposal was to erect a building cost mg £1000, but owing to the Board of Health insisting on certain require menu and the rapid increase in the population of the district it was decided to erect a ward, to cost £1,500, towards which the Government was asked to contribute £700 The deputation also asked that the mode of distributing the annual charitable vote should be placed on a more satisfactory basis Mr Graham Berry replied that if he were furnished with statistics as to the number of cases dealt with annually at the hospital, and the amount of the local contributions, he would carefully consider the application. The directors of the Kilmore Quartz and Alluvial Gold mining Company waited on the ¡MH-ritarv for Mines yesterday, in the absence of the Minister, and renewed their application that a diamond drill should be sent to 1 ore on its lease to determine the best site at which to put down a shaft to work the alluvial deposits It was stated that if this were done the company was prepared to sink a new shaft to develop the lead, and that this work might give a great impetus to the "same industry in that part of the colony. Mr Howitt replied that the former application had not been lost sight of, bareheaded culty was to obtain a drill, owing to thereof being at work elsewhere The request would be laid before the Minister, and it would not be overlooked when a drill was available for transfer In an article which appeared in The Argus recently, touching upon the sanitary arrangements of the Essendon municipality, the use of the Woodland street reserve as a night pan cleansing depot was adversely commented upon. After the publication of the article the secretary of the Essendon Ward Vigilance Committee forwarded a protest to the Minister of Lands against the reserve, which was originally intended for the watering of stock, being utilised for the purpose referred to. A reply has now been received from the secretary for Lands, stating that the Essendon Town Council has been informed that the use of any portion of the reserve as a cleansing depot for night pans must be forthwith discon- tinued, and that the deposit of nightsoil thereon must not be renewed. The Minister of Agriculture and several members of the Legislature y visited the Horticultural Society's Gardens yesterday to in respect some experimental plots in which 132 varieties of wheat are being tested for rust and smut, while experiments are also being made with new methods for prevention that have been brought under the notice of the Government Generally the. experiments serve to show that in each case the suggested remedy takes the form of a seed dressing As a remedy for smut, however, indications are in favour of the hot water dressing, in which Professor M Alpine, who has establiShed these plots, has considerable faith The soil in which the wheat is planted is very poor, having been first turned over 22 years ago, and has never been manured, so that all the conditions favour the generation of rust As far as the test has yet been completed, reserves to show that only six of the 132 varieties are absolutely rust free, viz Tourmaline, Carter's Anglo Australian, Carters Pride of the Market, Medenli, White 1 ife, and feminine Club. The wheats that have done best in the gardens are the hard shelled bearded varieties, which are somewhat too flat to be a good milling wheat In addition to the six varieties named, 10 others are practically, though not entirely, rust free. These varieties are Algerian, Sicilian heart, Talavera, Cretan, Blount'a Lambrigg, Missogen, Niagara, Sampan, Rural New Yorker, Blount's Fife, Hornblende, Kurtz, Sicilian Square Head, crosses between Plount'a Lambrigg and sultry and Blount B Pike, and Ward's Prolific. The same experiments are being carried out in other parts of the colons, Professor M'Alpine's idea being to make the test in all the wheat districts, and so secure by test and crossing a suitable seed for each A correspondent has drawn attention to the fact that miners connected with unions are allowed concessions from the Railway department which are not extended to free miners Reference to the book time table issued by the Railway department shows that it is the practice to make a considerable concession to miners travelling on theriulwass on presentation of a certificate signed by the secretary of any of the unions or associations, a list of which is given in the time table. '1 hammer who can produce this certificate secures his passage for about one fourth of the ordinary fare, but his fellow workman who does not belong to a union must pay the full fare It has been recommended to the commissioners that this concession, which is not allowed to other classes of workmen, should be abolished, and the commissioners are now considering whether it will not be desirable to act on the recommendation At the hearing of a small debt case in the Footscray Police Court last week, certain letters, written by the defendant, J W. Thomson, were exhibited These were ordered to be read in open court, and vi ere afterwards impounded by the Bench He letters directly impugned the veracity and uprightness of two of the local justices and they were retained with a by year of their being forwarded to the Minister of Justice for his opinion as to whether an action foricnminal libel could not be instituted by the Crown against the defendant. The clerk of petty sessions for the district (Mr Shea has received a reply from the Crown Law office to the effect that the case was one in which the Crown could not directly interfere, and that as the matter was a personal one, it rested with the justices named in the letter, if the. felt aggrieved, to take the necessary steps to vindicate themselves against the aspersions of the defendant in the case. If the Crown undertook to defend the judicial character of justices of the peace from attack, the department would have its hands full through the spoken or written tra ducings of disappointed suitors 'The agricultural contributor of The A in tralasian ( ' 'Thistledown ) writes as follows this week with regard to the profits of yy heat growing -' With the prospect of an abundant harvest being reaped, the general public will be apt to conclude that the wheat growers will this year all become wealthy by the magic influence of a genial season farmers themselves, however, in spite of the big fields promised, are not so sanguine as to the pecuniary results of the coming harvest They contend that the low prices prevailing for wheat will return them very little profit on their labour, and leave them in no better posi- tion financially than in previous years, when the crops were not nearly so good There is much truth in that argument, I admit, for a fall of about one shilling per bushel in the value of wheat makes a vast difference in the aggregate returns obtained Where the exact line of profit ends and loss begins in wheat-growing is not very easily defined, but it is quite clear that a yield of 12 bushels, worth 2s 8d in the market, is no better for the farmer than a nine bushels and when the values are a shilling higher It is, indeed, fortunate that the fields will be large this year, as at present prices for wheat a light crop means a heavy loss 'The future hope of the wheat-grower, therefore, lies not in anticipating a rise in the value of his produce nor in reducing the cost of production, but of increasing his 5 yields per acre by adopting better systems of farming The maximum average yield of wheat for the colony, even in this favourable season, is to speak the truth, a disgrace to the farming community. It is only just about half of what it really ought to be Mr T B Kidston, solicitor, and his managing clerk, Mr Heathfield, have figured in rather unpleasant court proceedings once or twice lately, and yesterday the latter passed a very bad quarter of an hour in the Banco Court under caustic censure from Mr Justice Holroyd There were motions before the Court to make Mr Kidston pay the costs incurred by the Melbourne Tramway Company in the action lately brought against the company by two private detectives named Conway and Kelly Dr Madden, who was to have appeared for Kidston had apparently received no notice to attend, and Mr Heathfield protested against the motions being gone on with in his absence His Honour, with some warmth, told Mr Heathfield that he was "an rise lent person," and ordered him to sit down and be silent On Dr Madden, who had been sought for in the meantime, appearing, his Honour said, "'the whole reason of this difficulty appears to me, Dr Madden, to he on that impudent person sitting in front of you (referring to Mr Heathfield) Vom explanation is perfectly satisfactory, and I think you are very much tobes)mpatnised with I cannot but think that that person in front of you withheld the information that this case was to come on to day for the purpose of further delay) ing these motions, and it seems to me that it is merely another attempt to postpone the case with a view to extend engraver the vacation I feel disposed to extend every consideration to you, Dr Madden, but none at all to that man there He has been most insolent and had the impudence to protest against my proceeding with the motions He is contradicted by both counsel and the solicitor on the other side, and I have little doubt that he has been telling falsehoods The case was then gone on with A somewhat remarkable departure from the ordinary course of procedure in the trials of prisoners was made yesterday by Mr. Justice Hodges in the course of the proceedings against Mary Jane Swan, a girl 13 years of age, who pleaded guilty at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court to a charge of having committed perjury at the Alexandra Police Court His Honour had the prisoner taken to his room during the luncheon hour, and when the Court resumed he said that he felt confident, from what she had stated to him, that part of what she had done was unintentional, and that she had been rather misunderstood with respect to what she had said. She must, however, understand that if she did a similar thing again she would be severely punished. His Honour then sentenced her to be detained until the rising of the Court. The mystery of the discoveries of human limbs at Hawthorn and Fawkner-park is still unsolved, and apparently likely to remain so. Every channel of inquiry has been exhausted by the detectives in charge of the investiga- tion without success, and unless some cine to the identity of the body of which the limbs formed portion is obtained of them, they will be forced to abandon the task of unravelling the saddle as one beyond their skill Occasionally they still receive strange communications from anonymous self avowed murderers and practical jokers, but all are absurdly untrue on the face of them, and require no consideration Other reports as to missing friends reach them not infrequently, but none of these upon inquiry have given any assistance from a London letter received by the Orotava, dated November 14, Mr R. S. Smythe learns that M Paderewski was recovering from his severe illness, and hoped to he strong enough to start for New York within a fortnight Owing to all the American engagements having been postponed, the great pianist was unable to fix definitely the date of his Australian recitals The postponement of the colonial tour has been a great disappointment to some of the London music publishers, who were preparing to ship consignments of Paderewski music to Melbourne and Sydney, where the stock on hand at the music sellers is rapidly, diminishing The Victorian Society of Artists gave a A very enjoyable smoke night at the society s buildings East Melbourne, yesterday evening the chair during the earlier part of the evening being occupied by Dr Neild and later on by Dr O Hnra,bot'iof whomadmirabl) discharged the dut) oftntertainingacompany thoroughly representative e of at Palm trees and ever greens to-gether with Japanese figures, lent by the proprietors of the Mutual Store, had been used with good effect in the decora- tion of the gallery), and an excellent programme of songs and recitations, including a clever sketch, entitled 'The Plumbers Examination, added to the amusement of a thoroughly successful evening. The programme of music to be rendered at the route) Greene of the Unversity Extension Board on Saturday next will consist of the following numbers -Part I - Piano ii quatre mains " From Foreign Parts (Schumann), Miss Ulrich and Mr J Coutts Songs, "'The Sea Hath its Pearls, "0 Jenke nicht, " Lr ist gekommen (Out sam), Mme Anna Steinhauer Part II - Sonata, 'cello and piano (Clutsim), Mr T Clutsam and Miss Ulrich , Scena, voice and pianoforte, from Tennyson s "Maud Marshall Hall), Mme Steinhauer and Miss Ul 9th At the Bijou theatre this evening Messrs Brough and Boucicault will bring their six years' management of that place of enter statement to a close by a performance of Mr Pinero's comedy "The Magistrate, the popularity of which as one of the most diverting of the farcical plays that have been seen at this theatre has stood the test of several reproductions Mr Brough and Mr Boucicault both find scope in it for affording boundless merriment, and it presents the former in a character in most remarkable. contrast to that of Jean Tor queens in " The Village Priest " After ceasing their tenancy of the theatre Messrs Brough and Boucicault will to morrow evening be tendered one of the most genuine and gratifying benefits that have ever been given in a Melbourne theatre, in the form of an entertainment entailing absolutely no cost, and for which almost every available sent in every part of the theatre will have been secured beforehand. Mr W. J 'turner announces the last appearance of Signora Cuttica and the other Italian artists at the Peoples Promenade Concert next Saturday evening, when Signora Cuttle I will sing the mad scene from Lucia " and Guns' s " Sing, Sweet Bird," both with flute obbligato by Mr John Lemmone, and for the first time for many a cars the celebrated trio from " On s pi no e la Compare " will be given by Signor. SILO, Signor Toro, and Signor Pravaghni The advertisements under the heading " Dress and Fashion are continued on page 7 of to day a issue The hon treasurer of the Melbourne Ladies Benevolent Society desires to acknowledge the receipt of LI 2s from Mr James Graham towards providing Christmas treat for the poor A concert in aid of the Brighton Excelsior Home will be given by the tnenib_,n_ of the Brighton I Literary and heed Union in the town hall. Brighton, this evening The Christmas lecture of the Bankers Institute of Australasia will be delivered this evening at a quarter past o'clock by Mr. James Smith entitled * David Copperfield with illustrative readings. An address on " Education in Canada ' will be de- livered by Mr h J J Forbes at the general meeting of the Victoria v Male Assistant Teachers Association in the Public Service rooms, Athenattini, this evening. The third of the course of special Advent services will be held this evening at St Paul s Cathedral, commencing half past There will be choral evensong, and the sermon w 111 he preached by the Rev. B Newport White, M A, of Mornington There will be no sen fee to day. at a quarter to 5 Huddart, Parker, and Co Limited notify to bay excursionists that the s.s. Hygeia will call at Portsea on Sunday and Wednesday next, and that either the dispenser Ozone will call there three times weekly, as advertised, until further notice An alteration in the bailing of some of now ard Smith and Sons Limited s steamers is announced by advertisement The ss. Barrabool will leave at 4 p m to morrow for Sydney and Brisbane, and the s.s.. -Jerrett will take the place of the ss. Rodondo, leaving on Saturday at noon, for Adelaide and Gulf ports JDr T Summers will give an organ recital this after noon at the Exhibition building, commencing at a quarter to 4 p m Programme Overture, to Cheval de Bronze, Auber, Prelude and Fugue in D) minor, Domenico Scarlatti , andante con move (from St millions C minor) Beethoven, Offertohe ill O Un h. VI lost, 'The Bridal March Wagner V visitors to the Aquarium, -U, S HI be admitted to the recital without extra charge. In response to the Christmas appeal of the Little Sisters of the door we have received £4 from Henry Jrowkr for the case of the aged and destitute gentle woman on w hose behalf an appeal was made in The -Irmis of Tuesday, we have received the following additional subscriptions -J T Hughes, £1 Is , VV !. Ü , £1, 'A Teacher, ' £1,11 Vv ; £1, Mrs It is H 0" We have received from Mr Henry It Harwood a donation of £5, to be distributed in Christmas charity The amount will be distributed as follows -£1 each to the Children s Hospital, Old Colonists Home, Benevolent Ass him, and Little Sisters of the Poor, and 10s each to the Dr Campbell tobacco fund and Immigrants Home tobacco fund The hon. secretary of the Female Refuge, Carlton, desires to acknowledge the following donations towards the Christmas treat -Mrs. Goc, 10s., Mrs W S Puckle, 10s , Mrs. Collier, 10s , Mrs James Campbell 10s Miss Kernot 10s Mrs K S Anderson, is , Mrs Turner, is , Mrs Macdonald, 5s Mrs. Vale in Gd , dolls and scrap books from Miss Nott for the same Institution we have received £1 1s from Edward Puckle A fancy fair and sale of gifts in aid of St Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Carlton is to be opened this afternoon by Mrs. Francis Ormond A lecture on Latin and Greek Their Teaching Their Place in Education, will be dealt cured by Mr. O li Kendal! VI A , under the auspices of the V to torian Institute of Schoolmasters, at the YMCA building, Bourke street, at 8 o'clock this evening. The tableaux vivants which proved so attractive on Wednesday evening at the not sit) fair In St Georges Hall, Drummond street, Carlton, or by request to be repeated this evening Miss Josephine O'Brien Miss Alicia Burton and Mr F- O Josephs have kindly) consented to sing appropriate songs during the production of the tableaux. In addition Miss Josephine M Connick will conduct an exhibition 01 musical drill and Indian club exercise.-, 