THE SKETCHER. OUR OVERSEAS MEN.* BY RUDYARD KIPLING. PART I. "For hope of gain, or sake of peace, Or greed of golden fee, Ye must not sell your galley-slaves That row you over the sea. For they come of your blood, of your own blood, By your own gods they swear, So you must not sell them overseas, Because they rowed you there." —KING EURIC. All things considered, there are only two kinds of men in the world—those that stay at home and those that do not. The second are the most interesting. Some day a man will bethink himself and write about the breed in a book called "The Book of the Overseas Club," for it is at the club-houses all the way from Aden to Yokohama that the life of the Outside Men is best seen and their talk best heard. A strong family likeness runs through both building and members, and a large and careless hospitality is the note. There is always the same open- doored, high-ceiled house, with matting on the floors; the same come and go of dark-skinned ser- vants; and the same assembly of men talk- ing horse or business, in raiment that would fatally scandalise a London committee, among files of newspapers from a fortnight to five weeks old. The life of the Outside Men includes plenty of sunshine, and as much air as may be stirring. At the Cape, where the Dutch housewives distil and sell the very potent Vanderhum, and the absurd home-made hansom cabs waddle up and down the yellow dust of Adderley-street, are the members of the big import and export firms, the shipping and insurance offices, inventors of mines, and exploiters of new territories, with now and then an officer strayed from India to buy mules for the Government, a Government-house aide-de-camp, a sprinkling of the officers of the garrison, tanned skippers of the Union and Castle lines, and naval officers from the squadron at Simon's Town. Here they talk of the sins of Cecil Rhodes, the insolence of Natal, the beauties or otherwise of the solid Boer vote, and the dates of steamers. The argot is Dutch and Kaffir, and every one can hum the national anthem that begins "Pack your kit and trek, Johnny Bowlegs." In the stately Hong Kong club-house, which is to the further what the Bengal Club is to the nearer East, you meet much the same gathering, minus the mining speculators, and plus men whose talk is of tea, silk, shirtings, and Shanghai ponies. The speech of the Outside Men at this point becomes fearfully mixed with pidgin-English and local Chinese terms, rounded with corrupt Portu- guese. At Melbourne, in a long verandah giving on a grass plot, where laughing-jack- asses laugh very horribly, sit wool kings, premiers, and breeders of horses after their kind. The older men talk of the days of the Eureka Stockade, and the younger of "shear- ing wars" in North Queensland, while the traveller moves timidly among them wonder- ing what under the world every third word may mean. At Wellington, overlooking the harbour (all right- minded clubs should com- mand the sea), another and yet a like sort of men speak of sheep, the rabbits, the land courts, and the ancient heresies of Sir Julius Vogel; and their more expressive sen- tences borrow from the Maori. And else- where, and elsewhere, and elsewhere among the Outside Men it is the same—the same mixture of every trade, calling, and profes- sion under the sun; the same clash of con- flicting interests touching the uttermost ends of the earth; the same intimate, and some- times appalling, knowledge of your neigh- bour's business and shortcomings; the same large-palmed hospitality, and the same keen interest on the part of the younger men in the legs of a horse. Decidedly it is at the Oversea Clubs all the world over that you get to know some little of the life of the community. London is egotistical, and the world for her ends with the four-mile cab radius. There is no provincialism like the provincialism of London. That big slack- water coated with the drift and rubbish of a thousand men's thoughts esteems itself the open sea because the waves of all the oceans break at her borders. To those in her midst she is terribly imposing, but they forget that there is more than one kind of imposition. Look back upon her from ten thousand miles, when the mail is just in at an Overseas Club, and she is wondrous tiny. Nine-tenths of her news—so vital, so epoch- making over there—loses its significance, and the rest is as the scuffling of ghosts in a back attic. Here in Yokohama the Overseas Club has two mails and four sets of papers— English, French, German, and Ameri- can, as suits the variety of its constitu- tion—and the verandah by the sea, where the big telescope stands, is a perpetual Pentecost. The population of the club changes with each steamer in harbour, for the sea captains swing in, are met with "Hello! where did you come from?" mix at the bar and the billiard-tables for their ap- pointed time, and go to sea again. The white-painted warships supply their con- tingent of members also, and there are wonderful men, mines of most fascinating adventure, who have an interest in sealing brigs that go to the Kurile Islands, and somehow get into trouble with the Russian authorities. Consuls and judges of the consular courts meet men over on leave from the China ports, or it may be Manila, and they all talk tea, silk, banking, and ex- change with the fixed residents. Everything is always as bad as it can possibly be and everybody is on the verge of ruin. That is why, when they have decided that life is no longer worth living, they go down to the skittle-alley—to commit suicide. From the outside, when a cool wind blows among the papers and there is a sound of smashing ice *Copyright 1892 in the United States of America by Rudyard Kipling. in an inner apartment, and every third man is talking about the approaching races, the life seems to be a desirable one. "What more could a man need to make him happy?" says the passer-by. A perfect climate, a lovely country, plenty of pleasant society, and the politest people on earth to deal with. The resident smiles and invites the passer- by to stay through July and August. Further, he presses him to do business with the politest people on earth, and to continue so doing for a term of years. Thus the traveller perceives beyond doubt that the resident is prejudiced by the very fact of his residence, and gives it as his matured opinion that Japan is a faultless land, marred only by the presence of the foreign community. And yet, let us consider. It is the foreign community that have made it possible for the traveller to come and go from hotel to hotel, to get his passport for inland travel, to telegraph his safe arrival to anxious friends, and generally to enjoy himself much more than he would have been able to do in his own country. Governments and gun- boats may open a land, but it is the men of the Overseas Club that keep it open. Their reward (not alone in Japan) is the bland patronage or the scarcely veiled contempt of those who profit by their labours. It is hope- less to explain to a traveller who has been "ohayoed" into half a dozen shops and "sayonaraed" out of half a dozen more, and politely cheated in each one, that the Japanese is an Oriental, and, therefore, embarrassingly economical of the truth. "That's his polite- ness," says the traveller. "He does not wish to hurt your feelings. Love him and treat him like a brother, and he'll change." To treat one of the most secretive of races on a brotherly basis is not very easy, and the natural politeness that enters into a signed and sealed contract and undulates out of it so soon as it does not sufficiently pay is more than embarrassing. It is almost annoying. The want of fixity or com- mercial honour may be due to some natural infirmity of the artistic temperament, or to the manner in which the climate has affected and his ruler has ruled the man himself for untold centuries. Those who know the East know where the system of "squeeze," which is commission, runs through every transaction of life, from the sale of a groom's place upward, where the woman walks behind the man in the streets, and where the peasant gives you for the dis- tance to the next town as many or as few miles as he thinks you will like, that these things must be so. Those who do not know will not be persuaded till they have lived there. The Overseas Club puts up its collective nose scornfully when it hears of the new and regenerate Japan sprung to life since the seventies. It grins, with shame be it written, at an Imperial diet modelied on the German plan and a Code Napoleon à la Japonaise. It is so far behind the new era as to doubt that an Oriental country, ridden by etiquette of the sternest, and social dis- tinctions almost as hard as those of caste, can be turned out to Western gauge in the compass of a very young man's life. And it must be prejudiced, because it is daily and hourly in contact with the Japanese, except when it can do business with the Chinaman, whom it prefers. Was there ever so disgraceful a club? 