.;?? swipum ???, ; A day or two ago I called on our old ?friend Geo. Walker ,(' Jumbo'), writes 'Ponguin,' who has sufficiently recovered from his lato distressing illness to allow of his removal home. .To, say ho is ai ghost of his former burly self will not be put ting too fine a point on it. Ho spoke grate fully of the many aots of kindness performed, bv his numerous friends durinir lHn illimco and awiminers anil footballers alike will givo him a hearty welcome on his appearance among them once more. ; .?'',- The forthcoming 100yds raoe, .Gormly. v. Moadbam, is already oxoiting considerable' interest, and any information respecting, thoi doings of either man is eagorly sought after by their friends and admirers. It is fully: expeotod that all existing records will be left1 behind on the, eventful night. ?.??'?:;'??.; The Toohor-Pryor match, 300yds, wbioh' eventuates on the same night as the big rnco, will also prove attraotive, as the winner is to swim Mr. Diok, of Newoastlo, over a similar distance. A- club handicap, together 'with a polo match, Wentworth v. C'ombiuod Press,' should about form a bill acceptable to the moat .fastidious en the night -of August 4 next. ' Tho now popular Dual Swimming Olub is, I wo understand, to have a real good time in the near future in the Blmpe of ladies' invita tion nights. The first of theso will be hold on August 3 when, to mark the occasion oxclu sivei of members and their friends, tho Minister for Education, Hon. P. B. Suttor, together with a number of influential ladies and gontlemen, aro to bo invited. Wo are pleased to noto the doings of this useful body of swimmers. They are deserving of much praise for tho amount of good work done sinco the formation of tho club. The annual general meetingof tho Wnverloy Amateur Swimming Club will be hold at Mrs. Easy's Hotel, Charing Cross, on Tuesday next, 2Cth iust., at 7.45 p.m. The presidont of the club, Alderman Thos. Read, will preside. ? A committee meeting will be held on Friday sight at tho tame plaoe, ?-. .. 