A LEG-END OF KUNAI. Many years ago, when I was in the army, my regiment was suddenly ordered to India. We were stationed in the Bengal Presidency. Shortly after our arrival in the country, when I was quite a "griff," I was sent with a detachment of men to a place called situated on the banks of the Ganges. At that time this was one of the most dreary stations I have ever been at. Everything upon it reminded one of its past greatness, "which contrasted painfully with its present desolation. It was built on a small hilJ, at a point where the river takes a sudden bend; and. from our quarters, the Ganges could be seen wending its way lor a considerable distance on each side. At the time that I was stationed there, the only European inhabitants consisted of the colonel commanding, the. padre, the doctor, and. myself. Shortly after that, the colonel went on leave, and I took over command. Then the padre was ordered to another station, and his duties -also devolved on me. Finally, the relief of the doctor was ordered' and as I was not skilled in medicine, another was to replace him. The doctor had two very nice spaniels that X had taken a great fancy to; aud as he did not wisb to take them away with him, he pre sented both of them to me shortly before he left. I must tell you that, j in India, the man who usually looks after one's dogs is the makter, or sweeper, a man of very low caste, or perhaps of no caste at, all. These men often become absurdly fond of the animals under their charge ? and Tajoo, the doctor's sweeper, was no exception to the general rule. The parting between him and Beauty and Bouncer was most affecting. Lest they should get away and follow him, I shut them up in the one Teraainin°r room of the old palace in which the rajahs formerly used to live. It was an odd-looking room in its way, and no one lived in it then. It was approached by a flight of well-worn stone steps, and was probably used in former times as a look-out tower. The floor consisted of large flag stones ; the walls were of solid masonry, about three feet thick; the roof was vaulted. There was at that time but one small window-the rest was being walled up-and that looked on to the Ganges. A metal ring was fastened to -one of the flagstones, and to this I tied the dogs. The next day, Tajoo came to mv room in a state of considerable excite ment. He had brought a note-or ehifti, as they call it in tho&e; parts from the doctor for me, and had evidently noticed something on his arrival, which exercised him greatly. In the intervals between his numerous salaams be wrung bis hands and jabbered away in a most incom prehensible manner. I occasionally* detected the words hutta and leutti in bis incoherent ramblings, so knew that he must be saying something' about the dogs, that word being the Hindu stani for dog. More thau that Lcould not understand. In perplexity,! feent for my moonshee. After an animated dialogue between Tajoo -and himself, the moonshee then told me the cause of Tajoo's grief. It was a long story, full of eastern hyperbole; but I will endeavor to condense it as far as pos sible, adding, where necessary, facts that afterwards came to my know ledge. It appears that in the days of the East India Company, some soldiers while out shooting, were met by a party of villagers in the neighborhood efKunai. A quarrel ensued, which was followed by a fight, ard^a Euro pean was killed. The quarrel' arose out of the Europeans having killed a peacock, which is a sacred bird in that part of India. The villagers took refuge in the fort. The Eajah ot Kuuai was called upon to give them up to justice; but he, secure in bis fortress, bade the messengers re turn and tell their sahib to come and fetch them himself-if he could. Only one result could follow such a reply. The East India Company bad long cast an envious eye on this strong and powerf nl fort. This was an opportunity not to be-neglected. - An army- was sent to subdue the imperious Rajah, and hiY territory was 'proclaj^ed- TJie u fort wis. soon.* bcaieged^ adefjuate.artiUeryj it seemed as ;if . the besiegers would *necumb'fc» the effects of the climateloHg before "tlfe besieged were rqdubedjby sta?£a%jv 1, 5or inany^weacy,. months ib& siege went oiu. Kur.ai .would never have been taken bad-thereTrotbeen-a'ti'itrfbr ]ieutervagi^jby ,11 %ige jttri,*? Lui whom: he splace^ruje ,^gate«t-. ./confidence. - Thought Maitfcri^feigned- the litm'dtot' d c*vbfioiV^for his lord; his fceirt^waif blafe^^treac1iery..f6r^'liebjiif^jd! to |ifif^a>j?S3.to ^Wt#ul.Eanee, i and he lojsedpher. Day and night he cherished =bis '-passion, and: thbught how be1^ra1(l=ma.ke;bei; l)ia own. All the'favors'foai.ie [owed to the BajahV generosatyL ^rftc. forgotten. Lore alone-jfer.the Kanee burned inhis«oul fihsoFbin^ e¥ery "ofh'er'passion; ' - At }ast a plan suggested itself to Muttri's mind, by which he thought he could gain his ends. Amongst lhe garrison were certain relatives of bis own. He took them into his confidence, and the promise of a large reward made ihem his devoted tools. That night, when all were at rest exeppt the sentries, a swift messenger left the fort for the English camp, tie returned unjer ceiyed, and was admitted by Blutlri. The reply he brought was favorable. Muttri's black eyes gleamed with ; savage delight. Alas for the poor Rajah! There was no one to warn him of the diabolical scheme on foot. A few nights afterwards, Mi<tfcri and his friends ^vere all on guard at the principal entrance to the fort. While the iiajah was Bleeping in fancied security, stealthy steps approached; the gates were silently opened; one by one the English soldiers crept in, and still the Rajah slept. Then came a sudden shout, followed by a heart-rending cry. One of the soldiers on guard at the palace, with'n the citadel, bad seen the intruders, and gave the alarm at the same moment that he received his death wound. Then, in that still night, followed the din of war and the clashing of arms, confusion and dismay. The victory was not a blood less one, for the Rajah, at the head of a few staunch adherents, fought des perately, with all the courage of des pair, while the Banee, with her young child, was being lowered from the walls overhanging the river. She escaped by way of the Ganges. Shortly afterwards, her gallant Lord J fell mortally wounded. I In the morning, the English were j ' masters of the fort. The heads of J the villagers who. _had killed the J Europeans were hung over the gate way by which they had entered-* War in those days was a much more savage ,| game than it is now. Then Muttri j claimed the fulfilment of his compact, j which was, that his life and those of! his friends should be spared; also, that he was to be left in command of 1 the fort. The English were in such J sore straits when they were offered j these conditions, that they were only J too glad to accept them; so they j retired, and Muttri ruled in place of J his master. But with him, power was j only another name for tyranny, j Having committed one crime, he tried I to drown the reproaches of his con- J science by still further excesses. _ . J The Banee in the meantime, hearing I that the'English had withdrawn, col- j lected a great force and led it in person j on KunaL On her arrival, the gates J were joyfully flung open by the garri-1 son ; the traitor Muttri was "made a J prisoner by his own servants. He was J brought before the Banee to. receive j the sentence that his perfidy deseryed. j Before she could utter a word, he 1 flung himself at her feet and poured I forth his tale of love with all the ardor of a pent-up passion suddenly j , broken loose. His story made his J traitorous act appear doubly black, j The Banee heard him in severe silence; j then a smile of bitter scorn curled her I lips, and she briefly pronounced his j I doom. Muttri was a brave man ; but J even he shuddered to hear his fate. At j ! a sign from the Banee he was re- ! moved. The Banee had decreed that J never from that moment was he to j tasle water or other liquid again. 1 He was taken to the room that I j have described as being now the only one of the old palace left standing. There his terrible sufferings soon be- j gan. Chained to the ring in the flag- J stone that still remains, his chain was j just long enough to admit of his drag- J ging himself to the window to watch j the Ganges flowing ceaselessly by. He could hear it rippling and gurgling j as it passed, while his parched lips J hungered for a few drops of the j precious fluid. His sufferings were j beyond all description ; but the Banee's heart softened not. Savoury- j looking dishes were placed before him ; J but they were only temptations to be 1 resisted, for in the sauce of all j was brine. As the end drew j near, Muttri's ravings made the night seem hideous. His bloodshot j eyes, swollen tongue, lacerated lips, j and haggard leatures made him a spectacle awful to behold, as he J crouched by the window and watched j the waters of the Gauges flowing by, and shrieked out the single word pani, pani, pani! (water, water, water!) The word traitor, traitor, traitor! j seemed to come back in mockery as an j echo. At last, one gloomy midnight, I his fearful torments ended in death. At dawn next day the following j legend was found, scrawled in letters J of blood, on the wall of'his prison: j Whatever sleepeth lie^e again I Shall ne'er a year itslife-retain. j The serrants read the words, and J trembled; the Ran^e heard them with 1 .a shudder. . . .. , I Muttri's-head was severed from- his j bodr,: and hung over-the gateway that I "The fed' sufretidered 'to'" English, j His body was. fJujij* .jnto; ih§ .Ganges forclhe aljiga^ors to devour. - - 1 Neither man zior beast was.-again' ;allowed'iri die roo m wh ere life had d5£d, jyet at night the servants would. 5 in feaK (fe^larhigiii.fcheytheaEd wail*' ingsrand unearthly TObans^eoiftiWf^frdW^ ^thatdesfefted^-.febam'b6T:^Thfer tfati?e%!' are, a grossly Superttitibus .and 4l»ey fully believed in, tTie^ potency uof; the writing on the wall to do thenar evil/ - - . : : . ' ? . ; A few days after MtittriVdeftth,1 he I Banee's only child -escaped . from its* mir.se, fl>nd wandering about/the palace came, at ,last to this -= ill-fated room. With -child-like "curiosity it' entered and began to play about on the floor, i Tired at last of playing, it lay down on the mat and fell asleep. When the frightened nurse found him, the boy was dead. One hand was grasping the ring: on the floor, and the other was held over his eyes, as if he were endeavoring to conceal some awful object from his sight. When the news of his death spread in the city, the superstitious populace repeated to each other in awe-struck tones the prophecy that they had heard was ! ! written on the walls. The fulfilment in this case had followed quickly on the event. 3So man would henceforth dare to doubt it. The Ranee and her followers once more fled from ELunai. The palace was allowed to crumble away in ruins until the English again took possession of the fort. Such was the story that the inoonsbee related to me. It was easy to see, from his tone, that he fully believed it. The sweeper, be said, feared lest the evil rack&hus; (demon) who inhabited the room would come some day and steal away the lives of. the two dogs. I tried to reason with botb of them ;bufc a people steeped in superstitious , lore, are deaf to all reason. ' Allah,' the sweeper said,' hath willed that it should be so. The ways of Allah were inscrutable.5 He besought me 'to remove the dogs at once. At last, in order to get rid of him, I promised to ?do so. He left me full of forebodings that some evil awaited his pets. Shortly before I left Kunai, one of the two dogs, Bouncer, went mad, and had to be destroyed. I thought very little of this at the time, as the heat was very excessive, and dogs often went mad at that period of the year. A short time after Bouncer's death, I was relieved by another detachment,, and returned to the headquarters of. | my regiment, taking Beauty with me. 1 Slowly "the year went by ; the hot weather save place to the ' monsoons, which were heralded as usual by some heavy dukt-storms-an extraordinary isiffht to those who see them for the first time. Then the monsoons yielded grudgingly to the winter-delightful months as long as they last. , Once more the summer burst upon us, hotter and more shrivelling, if possible, than it had been the previous year. One special Sunday-I remember it well the heat was almost suffocating. Dur ing the ea,r)y morning church parade, several men had to "fall out." Yet the irritating movements of the punkah, as it passed backwards and forwards before my eyes, made me feel so giddy that I could hardly endure it. In the afternoon I went for a ride. Beauty wanted to follow, as usual; it was so hot, however, that I would not take her out. It was a little after sunset when I returned. On the doorstep was Beauty, anxiously watching for us, she and the pony being great friends. She barked joyously, and ran across the compound to meet us. As I was to dine with some friends " that even ing, I entered my bungalow and began riiy toilet at once. A few minutes afterwards my sweeper rushed :into my room in great consternation, and cried ont: 'Sahib, sahib, the dog is dead !' I ran out, and there she lay panting in the verandah. I dashed a bucket ful of water over her; it did not re vive her in any way. In a few moments she had breathed her last. A few minutes before she seemed full of life, now she was dead. Suddenly the prophecy in connection with the room at Kunai occurred to me. I sought my diary, and turned over the pages to the date on which the two dogs had been given to me. April May-June. Yes, there it was, June 17-a year that very day ! Both dogs had died within the specified time. 1 thought over this curious coinci dence on my way to dinner, and was not a little disturbed at it. During dinner, I was rallied on my silence, and, by way of excuse, related to my host the legend of Kunai, and the strange fulfilment of the prophecy that very night. I had hardly concluded, when my khidmutgar who Was standing behind my chair, started forward and shouted : 'Sahib, sahib, deJco !' (' Sir, sir, lock!') His black . face was almost blanched with fear, as he turned and fled from the room, his snow-white puggaree, which had tumbled off in his haste, streaming behind him. I looked in the direction in which he had pointed. I, too, was startled. Outside, on the lawn, I saw through the glass door the full outline, clear and distinct, of the dog that I had just left dead at my bungalow. Unearthly, unreal, it-appeared, as it stood rigid and motionless, the rays of 'the full inoon falling upon its form. Its eyes, which glowed like coals of fire, seemed |-to look a mournful farewell at me. I rubbed my eyes and looked again. In that moment the spectre had melted away in the dim shade. I could see nothing. "Was I awake or was I the victim of a dream, ©r was this but a .freak of Tision ? I looked at my host ' in blank amazement. He had seen nothing. I was about to explain, Jwhen-a yell and aery, and Beauty herself came bounding into the room in propriS, persona. No ghost this '-.time, but solid flesh and blood. &Shfe; had only a fit, after all, and 'recovered shortly after I left my Twingalow. My sweep had followed me with her, to show me that she was sjill alive. \- , We laughed heartily over the occurrence, and it was a long time before my " Legend of Kunai" was forgotten in the regiment, for the story got wipd.Beautvulived for many , a j ?year after that., w hen she drd die, iifc.] wag. of a prosaie -diseafeajcalied qld age. -Chamber's Journal. 