.About Rings. Love and wedding rings are intimately asso- ciated; yet Colley Cibber exclaims: "Oh, how many torments lie in the small circle of a wedding ring " Do you know why_the gold circlet is placed on the left hand P Opinions differ. t _^On the one aide it is affirmed that a vein pro- ceeding from the heart to that finger is the'cause . on the other that it denotes that the wife is subject to her husband,T writes Arden Holt in ÔcCssell's MàjjanneX Napoleon I., when he, married 'his'second empress, wUispered in M. Pradt's ear : ''The Roman law ordains that all slaves should wear rings, and as tno women are our slaves they oughtjtowear this badge of s'e'rvitude."' * " ' " Th'e'Little Cdrporaj and the'great Emperor was net given to Weighing his words as far as politeness was concerned., .It is more grateful to Women to know that men'in a thousand'grateful ways have demonstrated the tenderness of their passion by "the giving and receiving of a ring." Herricks sings : t i 'And as this round Is nowhere found To flaw or else to sever, So let our love As endless prove And pure as gold forever. It was more the fashion in old days than now to engrave a verso within the ring. Many such have been handed down to us. For example : ! "Thus may our lives be one perpetual 'round, Nor care, nor sorrow, ever shall be found. Other mottoes, or posies, as they were called, such as " Let Likings Last," " United Hearts Death Only Parti," "Let us Share'in Joy''and Care," "and Love and' Live 'Happily," charac- terized wedding and betrothal rings alike. The following were chiefly confined to marriage rings: "A virtuous wife preserveth life;" "By God alone we two are one ;" " Christ for thee hath chosen me;" "Hearts united live contented;" ** God's blessing "be on thee and me," " And God did foresee we should agree," t Lady Cathcart, who> as the Scotchman once said, " was unco* wasteful o' husbands," on her 'fourth ' Wedding "ring had inscribed : " If I survive, I will bave five." Whether she had the opportunity of carrying out her threat history sayeth not. William III was hardly the kind of man to display any sentimental weakness openly, and yet wnen he die'd a ring was found tied to his left arm by a ribbon, the ring containing the Queen's hair. ! During their courtship he had presented the Princess Mary with one in. the form of a gold strap and buckle, set with diamonds and the posy, " I will win and wear thee if I can." i Love has ever proved a superior to sorrow-in deed, grief < strengthens affection-and a certain Baron Rosen sent to Siberia and, deprived of all his personal trinkets, refused to relinqish his wedding ring, dedaring that if it went his finger Bhould go with, and his wishes were respected. Dr. Johnson presented his wife's wedding ring, with this inscrip- tion : " Ehu 1 Eliza Johnson, nupta Jul. 9, 1736 ; mortua, eheu ! March 17,1852." In Russia as in many other countries, both husband and wife have a ring in testimony of their nuptials. The memhers of our royal family adopt this plan. The Duke of Connaught weare on his fourth finger a plain gold hoop, with " Marguerite" engraved inside ; his wife's ring bears the name of " Arthur." And at the present moment a well-known London firm advertises gentlemen's wedding rings as a specialty. The Prince of Wales gave his bride a hoop with six stones, beryl, emerald, ruby, turquoise, jacinth and emerald, the initals forming his own pet name, ""Bertie." ' It'has always been recognized among lovers that there is a special scone for each month in love's calendar. I January is represented by the garnet (constancy), | February by the amethyst (sincerity), March by the bloodstone (courage), April by the diamond (innocence), May by the emerald (success in love), Jnne the agate (long life), July the chameleon (con- tented mind), August the sardonyx (married happiness), September the chrysolite (clearness of intellect), October the opal (fortunate), November topaz (fidelity),December the turquoise (prosperity.) | When onr queen-was married she distributed in remembrance of the event gold rings enclosing her likeness, but so exceedingly ¡small that'they were invisible except by means 'of-1 a magnifying glass. They are highly treasured among man members of the aristocracy to this day. A wedding ring need not of necessity be gold. Ere this many loving, couples have been married, and legally married, too, 'with a curtain ring, and among these were people of no less' note than the Duke of Hamilton and one of the beautiful Miss Gunnings. Iron rings have been made to do the duty of gold and sometimes even leather. We read of one bride whose finger was encircled during the ceremony with a piece of kid cut from her own glove ; while the very poorest classes were content with rush rings.* ' The Puritans abolished wedding rings altogether, and to this day some members of the Society of Friends object to their, use on account of their1 heathen origin. "?^Time'was when they were worn on the thumb. 'W¿euJGÍeorge L was King, as soon as the ceremony was over, the bride removed her wedding ring from thering flngerto the thumb; and the trace's ófithej custom are still visible in some pictures of the! «eriod/'wherë the> are still 'âbtfMxxL1 & ^ \yi 0,U I ."id.U A Wv! > This perhaps accounts for the saying, " Wear my husband on my thumb." Another class of thumb ring was ecclesiastical. Brides of our day would hardly object to the old custom that after the bridegroom had placed the wedding ring on the wife's finger, he would supple- ment it by several others with gem?. In early days, the espousal circlet was placed first on one finger, then on another, before its final resting^ place, with the words : " In the name of the Father» the Son, and the Holy Ghost, Amen." Interesting relics of* old days are the griminal rings, used both for marriage and betrothal. They were made of two or three movable hoops, one of which was worn by each of the lovers during the betrothal ; but at the marriage the completed ring; was united again and serves for a keeper or wedding ring, the hoop« being kept together by clasped hands, and sometimes attached to a heart. In the north of Europe the wedding ring openep in the-centre, so that there was room for the finger to enlarge with age, but in this case it was not plain gold, but chased and engraved. No doubt the double and triple gimmal rings originated in tua old idea"of ä b"êtroEhaï"cbuple dividing a coin. each, keeping, half. " " * J » ""' r ' '' * But there are other rings for as to consider, and I wiir dismiss this part of the subject with Douglas Jerrúíd's View of the question: "Alaokl the wedding ring; like the ring of Saturn, for good or «vii, it I circles the whole world." ?> l ! ' , When rings were first worn it was not so much for ornament as a sign of power and authority. They were mostly signet rings bearing a' distin guishittg¡ bad^e. ^Mà^yjseal ring« are fohnd ia Egyptian auft o^her.ançient tombs. -Very beautiful relics of ¿he kind have been handed down to us-thp Egyptian, of pure goldf heavy but.simple in design, and some of glass and pottery j the Babylonian, cylindrical, out from s'díñe" ~" " - hard crystal, and perforated from1 end to end, so that they could be hung about the neck. The Egyptian snake rings are moro quaint and curious than beautiful. The Greeks have left us iron and gold rings of exquisite workmanship One from Etruria, now in the British Museum, has'the hoop formed of the bodies of two'hone, their paws supporting an en- graving of a lion m heraldic colors. ' Among the Romans iron rings were worn, save 'by ambassadors, senators, and persons of high, degree ; and Tiberius made a property qualification for wearing rings. _, It would take a long chapter to give even a brief summary of the many romances and thrilling inci- dents with which rings are associated. History is full of them. Before the date1 of the1'sign manual* and long after the sovereign's will was signified by his or herring, as in, the'days of Mary, Queen of Scots, when ber( messenger arrived Jd hot haste, armed with the Queen's ring, for the provost, to reprieve two luckless citizens at the foot of the gallows. ) Many of that ill-fated queen's rings still remain to ns. Just before the birth of her son James she made a will specially bequeathing her espousal ring of diamonds enameled on "red to " the king who gave it me." "Mary, Queen of Scots'ring" is an heirloom<in Sir J.%Stuart's family. It has a centre heart-shaped stone, three stones set in an ancient crown on each side, and beyond a gold fleur-de-lis. ' n> ij' ?j Her signet ring is at the British Museum, and at South Kensington is another ring of here, showing the oipher of the Queen and Darnley. The' ring with the portrait of Charles I., given by him to Juxon before his execution, Vas among the most prized treasures in the Stuart exhibition at the New Gallery, 188<^, Episcopal rings are too long a subject for me to enter upon'here. There is scarcely an ancient clérical tomb which does not boast of some. .Many curious virtues have from time to time'beeB'as- cribed to rings'. I The cramp rings of the middle ages, sometimes made of the handles of coffins, were blessed by the King, and originated in one given to Edward the Confessor, supposed to cure epilepsy. Gyges, King of Lydia, possessed one which, he claimed,' 'ren- dered him invisible. In the fourth century a gold circlet, depicting Hercules strangling the Nemean lion, cured colic in the true believer; and others, bearing the names of the three kings of Cologne, where supposed to , possess innumerable virtues. Even now a sty on the eyelid is supposed to be cured by rubbing with a wedding ring. The toadstone rings of the four- teenth and fifteenth centuries were silver, with a jewel supposed to be taken from the head of a very old toad. ' Rings did not always encircle the finger. In the Fifteenth Century and later they were frequently hung by a ribbon round the neck and a ring in the bandstring irf the Seventeenth Century was men- tioned as an essential of good dressing. The dandies of ah earlier period cut holes in their gloves that the gems on their fingers might be seen. There is a comic side to the history of ringa. Addison, in the Spectator, alludes to "a gold ring to be grinned for by men," which the writer con- siders should bear the posy, " The frightful grinner to be the winner." John Heywood, in the Sixteenth Century, alludes to "Him that hoppeth best, at last to have the ring," and in an old churoh at Bury St. Edmund's a record is kept of a certain bride "who, having no arms, had the ring placed on the fourth, toe of her left foot, and signed the register with her right foot. ,x 