ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN AND THE O'CONNELL CHURCH. Canon Brosnan publishes in the Irish papers the following letter from the new Archbishop of Westminster*. Archbishop's House, Westminster, S.W., April 27,1892. Dear Canon Brosnan—Many thanks for your kind words and good wishes, which are a great consolation and help to me in the new responsibilities of this diocese. I shall be glad to do what I can for you; m the meantime I send you my hearty blessing, and to all your good works, and hope you will be able to finish them according to your heart s desire With every best wish, I am yours very trU^' * Herbert, Archbishop-elect of Westminster. The friends of the O'Connell Memorial Church (writes Canon Brosnan), the friendB of Ireland will, 1 am sure, be glad to see this warm-hearted letter of the new Archbishop of Westminster. It is, indeed, an auspicious letter—a pro nouncement full of hope and encourage ment. The heart of the great Cardinal Manning always beat warmly for Ireland, and from the very beginning His Eminence declared heart and soul for the Memorial Church. In the presence of the assembled venerable bishops of England he declared to me that he would stick to it; and he did. He stuck to it unflinchingly to the end. Only a short time before his death he renewed his most generous subscription. He was ever proud of its progress ; many a time did he bleBS it *, many a time did he wish it complete success, and never lost an opportunity of recommending it to his friends and to the world. Is it not, then, a happy augury—a matter of ^ hearty congratulation — that His Eminence s immediate successor, by the first act of his new reign, haB so warmly taken up the cause ? On its behalf, on behalf of Ireland and of the Irish race, on behalf of the sacred cause of religious freedom won by O'Connell, 1 most humbly and respectfully thank Dr. Vaughan. ■Makes a Difference.—The Protes tant Archbishop of Dublin delivered a strong and hot political speech at the Synod Hall on April 19. He denounced the Home Rulers in every mood and tense. Readers may search in vain through the Orange and other anti clerical journals for a protest against this clerical political speech. Two reasons for the absence of protest may be imagined one that the speaker is a Protestant Archbishop, the other that he is not a Home Ruler. Mr. Parnell's Tenants.—The Pall Mall Gazette says, with reference to the paragraph which has appeared in regard to the late Mr. Parnell's Wicklow tenants : "We are informed that the proceedings against the tenants on the Parnell estate are taken, not by Mrs. Parnell, but by the English Court of Chancery. Mr. C. S. Parnell's estate is being adminis tered by the Chancery Division here, and the arrears of rent are being recovered in the ordinary course. Mr. C. S. Parnell died intestate, and his Wicklow estate passes to his eldest brother, Mr. J. H Parnell, subject to the claims of creditors and Mrs. Parnell's dower rights. The arrears of rent are wanted to pay creditors, [the late Mr. Parnell haying incurred considerable personal liability in connec tion with his political work." A Popular Irish Doctor. — Sir Richard Quain, one of London society?s moBt cherished institutions, was feted at the Garrick Club on May 8 by a select clique, comprising Henry Irving, David Plunket, John L Toole, Sir Charles RusBell, and other leading theatrical patronB and big wigs. They presented him also with a couple of handsome silver bowls.' London society has done about all it can for this wonderful old man, who commenced life as a shop boy to a small apothecary in the town of Mallow, County Cork. To this day Sir Richard Quain prescribes for and attends gratuitously all patients coming from, the County Cork. He lives in the very best society, and is a welcome guest at country houses among such personages as the Duke of Devonshire, the DucheBs of Manchester, Baron Hirsch, Leo. Rothschild, and their friends. Just as American eccentricities and the American accent are accepted in society as a delightful "change," so the broad Irish peasant's brogue invariably spoken by Lord Morris and by Sir Richard Quain is their strongest point. Sir Richard is noted for his fondness for prescribing alcohol. That practice pre vented his being elected President of the College of Physicians a while back, when a wave of teetotal enthusiasm put in Sir Andrew Clarke in his stead. Sir Richard Quain, contrary to the proverbial rule, consumes his own prescriptions. He makes no affectation of being a scientific doctor in the modern sense, but his insight into cases and power of diagnosis are truly marvellous. He does not believe in the modern plan of trusting largely to diet and regimen—rather in "heroic" doses of potent drugs. The Right Hon. David Plunket is his dearest friend. He has a large family, and kuowB enough secrets about other people's fami lies to scorch half Belgravia and Mayfair. An Ibish Ghost Stobt.—An inquest ; was held at Stewartstowo last month on the body of James Lynn, farmer, who was accidentally killed at Clonoe, about three miles from Stewartstown. In the absence of the Coroner the inquest was held by two magistrates, Messrs. Wood and O'Neill. The jury having been sworn, Hugh Corr deposed that he left Coalis land the previous night in the company of the deceased, who had a horse and cart. Lynn, who was seated on some corn bags in the cart, struck the horse with the reins and the animal bolted, throwing him off. The witness did not see what happened to Lynn, but ran to catch the horse. James Devlin swore he was coming out of Coalisland, and at Clonoe Church a black man came out on the road, and walked noiselessly before him for some yards. He believed it to be a ghost. The ghost disappeared, and a few yards further on he came on a black lump on the road, which turned out to be the dead body of Lynn. Further evidence was given by four other witnesses, all pointing towards the conclusion that in falling off the cart the wheel had passed over Lynn'B head. The jury, having consulted, re turned a verdict to the effect that Lynn accidentally met his death by the cart wheel passing over his head, fracturing the skull. 