BURROWINGS: [By Wombat.j Last Friday evening I was look ing through a window into the hall of the Mechanics’ Institute, watching the juveniles (?) tripping the light fantastic, and heard a voice (I am good at hearing and am cunning to.detect a voice) under the window through which I was gazing, exclaim, “Aren’t the men (?) asses to run after the women, when, if they would only sit down quietly the women would run after them. Look over there, see that moon-struck individual, the one with patent-leather shoes on ?” “ Yes, I see him," answered his fellow defamer. (If I had had the power I would have had the pair arrested, and am sorry to this moment that I did not break the pane of glass and let it fall on their.heads. To hear the fair sex spoken of disparagingly makes my blood boil, and it was only after a'severe struggle with my feelings that I restrained myself from dealing out to the pair of wretches the punishment they so richly deserved. “ Women, chase after the'- men, indeed" 1 am sure never was such a thing known, in the manner ■these two acandle;tattlers meant, but if I had given'an inkling of what I had heard, and'bv whom said, the women would undoubtedly have chased the men, with'aiiot-guns. bustles. etc., out of the 1 town.. But to continue with my experi ence; at the window) “ Well, he’s had ' ■a royr with his girl, and wants to make . his ipeace with her (a very proper and ‘ noble sentiment, young man, for which you' have the lasting friendship of the Wombat) and so does the girl, but that ! young chap dancing tops in the second set on the right, the one with the golden 1 (?) moustaebios ?” (Whew 1 golden moustache, indeed; .if that moue. was 1 golden, so is my hair, and I have set the 1 ferns on the Mount on fire-twice this 1 winter by simply walking through them without a hat on) “Yes, yes, I see him.” “ He sees the ‘ way the wind . blows,’ and being sweet on the girl him self is trying his best to ‘ put a nail in the other chap’s coffin,’ but the other ‘ mooner’ is a hit too cute, and I suppose it will wind up all right, and ‘ goldie' left to perish.” “ I suppose it will be as . you say, old man (they were careful not to mention names, and by the last two words I judged, in fact I had a suspicion all through,- that they were a pair of un couth, ugly, crotchety, nasty old men —they were related, in all probability to the bogie man—and had scared all the “dear little girls" they had come into contact.with almost to death, bless their hearts (the girls, not the men) with their continually pestering them to “marry me, darling.; if you don’t I’ll die; you are the only woman in the world for me, etc,, etc,”) said No. 2. “It’s as you say, and I thank my lucky stars it has never been'my misfortune to be in the pickle these three—I suppose it’s three—young people seem to be in.” I had got con siderably cooler towards the latter part of the conversation, and 'the dance having been finished, I drew myself on to the window ledge to try and get a glance' at the faces of the two who congratulated (?) themselves on the fact that they had H6T6I Uccu oiuitWn wit< AKot of lovely woman,”so that I might recognize them as they left the hall and wended their way to' their cheerless homes, where the welcome of a loveable woman, and .the singing' of the kettle greeted them not; and whisper comforting wards into thdir ears—ears that were, strangers to the music of twins at three o’clock in the morning, with a “ red frost” creeping in under the doors—and had almost at tained my object, when a pair of sighs rose from the “ never been there” un fortunates, which shook me from my perch- on the sill- By the time I came round after my fall the dance was over, and my good intentions frustrated. I am happy to state, however, that the “ little difference” between “ patent” and his girl;is made up, and “goldie” takes a back seat, but he says “faint heart never won fat turkey,” and next time he tries will land on both feet. A story is going the rounds among the “jokers ” as to how a certain party in the town came to have his hair cut so short. He entered th« barber’s and said, “ I want you to cut my hair almost as short as you would like a sermon to be.” It was a mean thing to say to that young man, as it is a well-known fact that he is-very attentive to a ser mon, and does not think the sermons he hears are too long by any means, in fact, it is the other way about. It went against the grain to have such an impu tation hurled at him, and determined to punish the slanderer. With a wink at the “ boys ” he commenced operations, and. when the job was finished the would-be funny man rose and looked in the glass, and saw had had “nextdoor” to a clean shave. The last I heard was that f‘ Ocean ” is busy making a wig for him. - ... * * * ‘ A young man told me, last evening, that as he was returning home from the town a ghost crossed his path. I tried to reason with the man, and told him that therewere no such things as ghosts, and that the" man who saw them takes the same “ tonic” as those who see “ cats and snaix,*’ and such like “ varmints.’’ The. look - the unfortunate (when a man sees “ ghosts and snaix I contend he is unfortunate, for an old saying tells us ‘ that bad luck', waits on those who see vermin at various times—and under certain conditions—not that I cast an insinuation on the condition the young \- man was in when .he saw the ghosts I scorn the imputation) but the look he' gave me put me in mind of a like glance ’ I was favored with from the eye of a ; man, who I.begged to differ in opinion from, when he told me that “they were ' after him,” and the only way he could dodge them was to have a good load of “ tanglefoot” on board, and. not.being a quarrelsome individual, I wished him good bye, and made my way homewards, . cogitating on the peculiarities of; spirits (?)■ liquid and .otherwise. . . • Still they conic 1 - May their shadows never grow less i!'It is pleasant to'record the advent of a new arrival. It is, I take it, as our cousins over the water so aptly express it, a sure sign that things are humping when the population increases. Wfe all have to take our share of sorrows as well as pleasures in our tramp tlutagh this weary, wicked, world, and wh|« I, ■“ with the greatest of pleasure” wa-'ome a new aspirant for honors in the big schoolroom of the world, I can’’ leeply sympathise with those who havi one near and dear to them called sudlenlyaway. Yesterday, as I was passing the London and Liver pool Hotel, I Saw an unusual commotion in the house.; Entering the side door (if there is ajside door about, we make for it; I am; partial to side doors and side entrances} they are not so conspic uous ns bar doors, and I make it a point never to makejnyself conspicuous.) As I said before, ?I made my way through the side door} and met mine host, the worthy “ Mac}’ who grasped my hand and shook it jvnrmly, at the same time saying, as heidrew me forcibly to the bar, “ another? thousand a year my. boy, another thousand a year !” I was, to use a very mild expression, “greatly kerstonished," knd before I had time to congratulate him'he wns off. I learned subsequently that lie lmd bccn;j>rceeiited with a son, and as tradition says each child represents £1.000 a year more to the fortunate parent—but, he might have lot me down easier. The barrackers showed their appreci ation of the play at the match Woodend v. Kyneton, last Saturday, by pressing them to accept a few cart-loads of mud, which being declined, tney endeavored to force the acceptance of their proposed gift on the players—in handfuls, as they scrambled into the coach. ;; 