HOW SHALL WE DICIDE, TI-IS QuESTION? Now, which is the worse-to, have no appetite for your dinner or to hase no dinner for your appetiteo ? There are lots of people op the one side or the other of this question. When '"good digestion watts on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a pprson towards his meals, lut most of -qp are not bleased, ini that way ; we either, hate too much food withont an appetite, or a vigorous appetite, without enpugh to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question difforently, yet the commpn sease 1? that, within reasonable limits, it is that within reaapahble limits, it is better to have en appetltet without a dinner, because, skort of the starvation, line, a hungry man, is a healthy man; whereap a mtn who ought to ,oat and doesn't feel like eating, atapdsl n need of " alterationsa.pd repairs," "'Toillustrate, We recently received a com. rqunicatios in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat," Did lie, fancy his food was poisoned, or did his naturo rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himpolf, He'says, " In the year 1889.I chpnged my work from. railway porter tosignalman, I hpd been signalman twelve months, and all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself, My mouth, tasted, bad,. so that ordinary articles of dict seemed to lose theit flavor ; the palate, to put it ip. that way, appeared to have nothing to. say to, them. One thing was like another, nalnone wap good. My tongue was, coated apd furrod, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur around it. Mly h'eath wao.offensive and my appe the poor, with pains through,the.ehest and shoulders, which were.always right before I hlad eaten anything: Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would ghoko me." We cannot wonder that under these air. cumstancca our friend failed to do justlee to his meals. lie adds that there was what he calls a " pricking sensation" at his heart, as thopgh it were touched with some sharp instrument. 'Theu, again, at times ho.was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating; andl mauy. o scantuy mnil tl. 1 made, for ." oeas afraid Si at "After a m I got into a low, weak, nor ools colttltoi , and feltmiserable, as if some. th zoing to happen, and this caused, ' good deal or sleep.!' thhs a 's Isp s by :gag of" eomeispto going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity,such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody deer to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood .(the life- bearer), hisunatrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by tl:e lack of nourishment, The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure ?o one has csffered so murch as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and' is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There i a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them, Well, the writer dsnallymentions that after all medical treatment had left him wesro it found hint he chanced to regil in a book of a case exactly like his eion having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr Langstafi's, In Woodlesford, and after using its contes~ts the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " ?soRGn HUNT, " Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds," We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, In order that part of the world at least may known how thankful he is and for what reason. 