BIRTH AND BOYHOOD OF DEEMING. As attention is now being directed to the plea of insanity which is to be put forward on behalf of Deeming, we have (says LLOYD'S of April 17) obtained from a trustworthy source an account of his birth and boyhood. Many of the statements, it will be seen, are of a very singular character ; but they are presented as far as pos- sible in the language used by one well acquainted with the family history. Deeming's father and mother were natives of Athelstone, in Warwickshire, where they were married in 1846. The father, who was a tin-plate worker and a general whitesmith, kept a small shop, and also attended the markets in the dis- trict. In her younger days Mrs. Deeming at- tended the parish church, and at one time was a Sunday school teacher, but her husband made no profession of any particular religious belief. He, however, was a strong believer in ghosts, presentiments, and dreams, and one of the fears of his early life was lest he should become the tenant of a haunted house. As business was not prosperous, Mr. and Mrs. Deeming removed with their two little boys from Athelstone to Ashby-de la-Zouch, in Leicestershire, where Mr. Deeming's parental responsibilities were further increased by the birth of twins—a girl and a boy. He grew very nervous and anxious at this rapid increase of the family, and became worse when another arri- val was expected. At night he complained of mysterious sounds, and would say, " I can't go to sleep with those noises in the place. Let us get up and see what it really is going about." The wife lighted a candle, and offered it to him to go first, but he refused to do that, say- ing he thought it would be better for him to walk close behind her, so that if she saw anything and fainted away he could catch her in his arms, and save her from falling. His cares and fears told on his health, and on complaining of the noises one day he was asked whether he was not aware that that was the house a doctor had been mur- dered in, his body mutilated, boiled, and then secretly disposed of ? The noises were declared to augur some terrible trouble and misfortune for the family who heard them. The poor man was fairly frightened, and none of his friends could laugh him out of his scare. He looked forward to the birth of this child as the coming trouble foretold. It was on July 30, 1853, that the new-comer was ushered into the world. In due time a name was fixed upon, and the boy christened " Frederick." His mother was as fond of him as any of her other children, but the father could not shake off his fears. Even the waywardness of the infant child caused anxiety, and it came to be considered as a sign of self-will, foreboding future evil, and a gradual development of the trouble foretold. After a little time the father left the town to enter on a situation at Eltham, in Kent, where his wife and family subsequently joined him. It was in this village that Albert (the brother who saw the Rainhill murders in his dream) was born. 