POLITICAL ECHOES. | BY LOUNGER.] The effort of Parliament to be found expiring in the act of atoning for past misdoings has suggested to the Philosopher the enquiry " Of what purpose is the institution?" Appealing to his friend the Poet lie found that the latter had been greatly perturbed of late by the. problem jof the sufferings of man, the "inaJceV of ^Parliament —"not" exactly a new ;problem, but -one which hag, nevertheless, not only troubled the modem political author Jaiid agitator, but vexed almost 'every novelist, so that it iS impossible to find mental rest unless, perchance, it is ip.the cheerful fiction bf the Rider Haggard school, which/wipes out of existecce with a , whiff of war or the stroke o f the artist's pen hundreds and thousands -with perfect i sdiijf. fmid. ;The ;Poct Ms, discovered a solution of .the problem jn tlie conception that all this little world is the stage of a drama which' is being witnessed by the peoples of teeming, planets. ' The spectators of the. tragedy i upon the earth are" being instructed in: the trial of,ne^;piintiples in the develop-; ment of tiieir distant' relatives,' the chil-: dreh of tfte"1nm7^ TIie"e»«ntient of the; Philosopher ufwn'thislconceit is that," while the thought is not original and is; ceVtamly in' the clondfe, it is eigmfi-' cant of the constant desire of the human mind, in all ages to make the depth of man's misery the measure of his. greatness. This desire save birth to the notion of Parliament as ftn institution which should not -only; be a testimony to the saddieBt facts of life, but an evidence of the corresponding potentialities for enjoyment. It ia the magic lantern of human frailties and hopes. Cynic joining in the conversation observes that Parliament is unquestionably a theatre for the display of the littleness, -tneS&fifcSB;, "finesse,-and eccentricity of, human . nature. Patriot,' on the other hsindj contends that in fche miss ol. the tntjUock .he • has seen the sparkle of flelf-sacrifice, nobility, aye, and the divinity of; his kind. It is, therefore, a mere incident, he adds, what Paiiamcnt does. The work of legation is! . wholly subsidiary to the important «luestion of what Parliaineii|i play is in the'player,-tiie spbedi irf the speaker. Gi ran, good actors and you have good acts. Therefore it is in the personal humours of Parliament you must look for the bnmainj^b.^ Jhe day; It is not tip the gej^spee^ra^Qr members, which aife the testclbthw, pt^jParliaineint, that one jnust lbot tto the" life-blood, .but to the exprefeions'i^ the Smoking-Toom and to the impromptu debatfes and j/he interjectaons /in "the House .which rise .spontineciuifly and reveal tbe spnng^ of •HctioD. i '""Jfc i6 lflsp085ible~to river-estimate the '""•jfenfile ''to :j thfc>p&pleof;£ «theIjgii|-: <*6jpliy.- -which„Jbeafihss ~li f "that Parliament is njachine,-- but, ^ ^....... comprising jnjuch^tiiat ifl good in them * selves and much.rf'^iat is in fchenT { that tecestnc ^nd ridiculous. Of course jit VIs : difficult for fhe'average elector to identify liiinBelf" in—the --portrait of the average mfeto^er, TiliT)'-t3iafc" fact'Hdoefi not lessen the inipoitiaice of ;|he truth Parliament A quaint iibnaofl phptpgniphei ljas i^eproauced the members" of the Gladstone Cabinet inaoomposite-picture, in. which the widely yaryiiig iu^mdualities amem braced -ra'4£a f^pi»sent»tiopfof volent-looking gentleman- of about sixjty years of ^e7^5t TtGjaarkable for intellectual vt^our; ; &~co&|>d&ite; picture 'of the memb,era of. %e. AB6embly would be not only novel but startling-to those who assisted in the make-up. -The conflict;of striking characteristics would probably result in a complete negation pf all, and the most noticeable features left ibe those that now escape attention or are regarded indifferently as trifling peculiari- ; ties. Just as the work of this Parliament as a whole is disappointing, so composite mental portrait might be looked ~ upon as insipid. In these days when it is proposed to tax everything a man has there might be advantages in taxing the idiosyncrasies of members, not the least being a revelation to the owners and to the public of what these consist. For example, suppose an impoverished Treasury were recouped by a fine from the following members upon each trial of the patience of tfie House by their Mr. Ash—'Technicality. Mr. Bartlett-r-Abuse." Mr. lilacker-rliond voice. Mr.Brookerr-Punning. ••••,'• ^ BS^Oraoolarity. Mr. Caldwell —Garrulity. "MK ®(9tin8^0|^»walhng. ••• - - - Dr. CoAbuni—Dreaming. Mr. CtohBri—Mwtfiering. • SpwkSSI^^flplmona. ; ,->."lUr.- Dom»er^«atenuzing. s 'Premier—Befining. x -Mr.Gilberb—Moralizing. Mr. Gifee—Dclefnlnees. > .Mr. GJllen—'CombatiFeness. . : Mr. Gf^pl^'T-Spgflwl pleading. ^It GrMnger-^Whma^iflin. . Mr. Haok—Emotionalism. \- ^ t e i s ^ r ^ -' - Mr.Handyride-rSumarckism. Mr: Hawker^4J[mrtlme88. Mr.rafldi^Vereatility. , . Attothey-Genaral—Independenoe. Mr. hooper—.Listening. ; Mr^ Hopkins—Blaster. — Mr. Horn-^Cyniaam. . i • Mr. Howe^-Bonhwnie. Mr. Jenkbu-^Suiter.. Mr. Johnson—QuerhlouBness. Messra. .T. ft. and^B. Kaiy—Amiability, Mr. Kingrton—Pugnacity. Mr. Lake—Torpidity. Mr. Lamshed—DiogeniBing. Mr. Landseer—Blandness. Mr. McDonald—Local advocacy. Mr. McPherson—Vigilance. Mr. Miller-Suspicion. Mr. Moute—Scheming. Mr. O'Loughlin—Manoeuning. Mr. Osman—Ambition. Mi-. Parsons—Glitter. Mr. l'layford—Bluntnesa. ' Treanirer—Diplomacy. Mi-. Scherk —Kindliness. Sir E. T. Smith—Benignity. Mr. Solomon—ZeaL Mr. Stock—Flippancy. Mr. White—Spnghtlinesa. The value of a reputation was never more strikingly Bhown than when Mr. Ash Tose to stonewall the Travelling-stock Reserves Bill, which the hon. member opposed because he did not wish to pvuper his friends the squatters. Word had been sent to the Speaker that it would be well for liim to get a deputy to act during the' night, as Mr. Ash was prepared to talk till 8 o'clock tb» next morning. Mr. Ash was forti p ' e^ with the evidence taken by * O ^ ^ k m on the subject, which h? ' Was ready to read line by luiQ r comment upon as he proceeded ^ ™ fts the ^ ^ Moule the House , the situation, and the result was ^ Mr. Ash had not been on his legs „»enty minutes before the enemy capitulated. There will be no further (attempt to rush the Bill, and possibly it' mil meet •with a tragic end. Mr. Hancock is also itobing to lower Mr. Castme's record as the champion talker, but though he ttireaWned to punish the House the other night'tKe-Houae only laughed. The House, on ^e other hand, prefers to Wb-wi& arid not at Mr. Ash. If the Speaker -is to be caUed upon to sive a legal opinion as to the effect of a ^itl, which he gave on Thureday on the Taxation Amendment Act Bill, he mus either acquire the reputation of a first- S 'l^er or be g^nted ^ ance. The Speaker of the House of Commons is accorded the latter. Mt- Co'.es usually fortifies lumselt with the *dvice of his legal friends before treading he bewildering mazes of the law, but it is hardly fair to expect a layman to pronounce judgments which might pos- sibly on some future occasion conflict with those of theSupreme Court Judges. A contributor sends me the following story of the SOMNA5IBULBNX HEI'OKTEE. Reporters frequently..work all day -and half the night too, so that when they have the opportunity to sleep they readilj^setabrfcce it. Although thtre are the Kentle arms of Morpheus. This unique wrira one "midnight alter ha-ving- finiahed up ;forthe "day" started his weary maroh homeward. To my astonishment, however, after he had .wended his way. for some considerable distant he deviated from.his course.' "My curiosity exdted,"I ¥ollowed tfae literary man. On overtaking him -I found that Dame Sleep had weighed his eytdids down, and that he was walking in his sleep. Should I awaken him"? To ' what haunts was he bound? Determined . not to break the spell I decided to chaperone the somnam bulist. After traversing tnanythoroughfares and intricate by-lanes,: in which weenoountered policemen,-sporting oats, • and-savoury- smells, J discovered that. myy unconscious companion %as bound for ''Marble .HalL" " Greater Was my oonsteroationwhenhc, .obtaining ingress to the Upper Chamber, began climbing the dingy etaiEK&e;" lfeafllfig-to the -reporters' gallery. Having aBoendcsd them be took his accustomed seat'-in the ftallery, tlrew^forth "bis "flips" from "his -pocket, aod-4a--his- imagination jaeopled'the".Chambef's^ith^'the 'M.L.CL'a, and 'began " taking" a suppositious speaker. The moonbeams tbataliotthrough the windows of the hall irradiated tie historical picture that hung round the walls.-': The more my friend's ludicrous position calculated to make me laugh outriftht^-fut he was passing sundry mild remarks about the .rate' the hon. member was speaking—the more" did the gloomy nature of the ••hall" inspire me with a feeling of awe and affright. Spectres and ghosts 4>f > past legislators rose before, my vivid imagina-; tion, and to drive these apparitions from my vision I JeanVjoveir my friend's shoulder : ind contemplated thB contents of his "copy.". Although he was a " Hansard" man he had made unpardonable departures, his "headings" not only being original and startling and calculated to invite the captious criticism of Mr. Kingeton, but . accompanying each speaker's utterances," which were in verse,: was ..his caricature. "My. friend had thus brought KB descriptive powers to bear, an art which is strictly forbidden in " Hansard' reporting. The first iUuatration was entitled "The hon. member for<Jhampagne,"and his speech—under the heading of " Our Opinums of Youwelf," which heading I thought' was very appropriate for legislators who think themselves of infinitely more importance than their country—tanthitt:— ' ' ' Tm a " point of order man," E'en since my Honsa career began. - - I think Charles the First the inartyr. And Cromwell a great Tartar. The one deserves commiseration. The otherone our execration. The labbiir mailt hate •' - With a pa«don tlmt ie grepit. And tho' I thump'my papers Till Mr. Cotton capers. "' And inn my fingersthrough my hair, Till my feUow4nembers stare, 'lis to show that fm aa true ; - As my " goW-olft BngUsh" brew. The Hon. Mr. "Say Little" followed:— ! \- rm called the Council's .mate, WMdnuune-ixarftTefiitef - • •FbrlptefertG4?raicB«iy,seat, -:• > i •'' And 60 sektom'«ain my letb: ' Theatock tax I^delenaed, And qoleayacrkfcdrmytieai . ^Bntnowniy worflaaYe tt'ec, - ' ^aB.rwM^BtoreilistoiB: . r<, TheHonVMr; "Biocker"«then Sired forth —grsomeTm -Uiopjthta bote, - : Bbt I'm tone right to fbe bore. •- : . • J 'Altboughrn>"piefl^old: v ' •• .. * " r*eneraronoebeeii«>Id;. - And yet l^aHrwirii da}'.' ' . . ! Kone know much what I say. J \- I have a voice tba£s wealc, . .. But I at times can rage aiui shriek. • My great and uni»eresite®ic \ , | '.'Blocks," on irhich I grow quite tropic;" ; AM'^eri-ffieifieniMiSjberi •-.H'Ki j ! don't pretend to hear. r .SOMT letme cry J trs done, • "Both roeechand members' fun, But obparchy I must add, •\ J Or 111 tegaan myieat qulte'sad... The;reporter evidently thoughthis " turn" ; wa» up, a* he had written. annexed to the last j speech:— '' - • • Mr. follows. • • ; A cartoon embellished the bottom of the slip, three members being tJOntained in it. : The ''point-of-crder man,", sitting . on the Mr-conauctor—and, accordir^ to appeM-ancea, the current was playing -eaff-havoo with his trr3itiohal irair—was represented to rbeficeroising his lung-power on a oolloasal wind instrument. Another legislator entitled " Objector-General," seated on a olack beaver hat, was flourishing and keeping time with a poker. These two gentlemen were characteristically brought out in the "study," and were supposed to be accompanying their friend "Blocker" in his song and dance, "Bound the Town—Oh! What a Difference in the Morning." In the distance was to be seen the messenger, bearing in his arms a weighty barrel which was labelled " oold tea," and on which the hon. "point-of-order gentleman 1 * had his eyes intently fixed. The scribe had reeled over, and, reclining on the leather cushion, was having a wholesome and refreshing aleen. I hadn't the courage to awaken him, afraid that I wouldn't be able to give to iiis satisfaction an explanation of our situation. I played the part of the "copy boy" and pocketed his unique " copy." VISIT TO THE FIBE BIUCADE'S STATION.—On Monday afternoon at the invitation of"Mr. T. Soherk, one of this membeis for the^iatiiqt of East Adelaide, a large number of ladies and gentlemen visited the Fire Brigade Station, Wakefield-street, and .spent a most pleasant hour:inspecting the:new premises and the well-kept appliances. Mr. ^ Scherk/having received his guests, the Superintendent (Mr. Booker); at whine suggestion the party was organized, ordered the large ted out. Almost before ibe spectators could realize the facMhe horsea had been taken from their stalls, the ham est was adjusted, and the fireman were in their places all ready for action simultaneously. The automatic doors swung open and the horses dashed out'.into the street. The haee' was smartly ' connected with /the "hydrant and a good stream of water was soon being playBd on to an adjoining allotment. The' •team-engine was also ^ken outfrith«milarly satisfactorily reeults, while some manoeuvring with the escape ladder created the greateet interest Light refreshments were then partaken," afternoon tta "being provided for the ladies. Before tfae company dispersed Mr. Soherk proposed a vote - of thanks -to the Superintendent and the Fire Brig^es Board for their courtesy. Mr. McPherson,' the other member 4or 4he district, .seconded,. and Mr. L. Cohen, M.P.> supported. Mr. Bookerand the Chairman of the Board (Mr. W. B. Wilkinson) responded in appropriate terms, and at the suggestion of Mr. T. Rhodes, cheers weregivenfor the ladies. SEUAPHOBE . WATBE ScrrLT. —Complaints having been made sinoe the hot weather has set in of the small pressure, of water at the Semaphore, the Mayor (Mr. P. Sansom) is endeavouring to arrange an influential deputation to wait upon the Commissioner of Public 'Works with a view of getting the matter remedied. The Mayor communicated with the Government last summer on the subject, and was then informed that nothing could be done until the completion of the Happy Valley worka. As that means a delay of three or four years it ia considered that something oueht to be done in the meantime. A DISTRESSING CASE.—Received—R. U., 5s.; Anonymous, 2s. (id. 