SPORTING NOTES. [Bv Whip.J How that the Buna Coursing Club is mak ing such wonderful strides some of the older clubs are jealous and 'kicking against the pricks.' For some time previous to Aoril 20. 1091, many efforts were made to bring a cours ing meeting to perfection, and eventually Ihe above date was fixed, and a most successful one held. The programme drawn out for 1892 is a very creditable one, seeing that in 1891 the first prize was £l$, second £5, third £ I. The prizes to be offered this year are : — First £3$, second j/ 16, third £j 10s, threedogs at £z 10s each, and six dogs at £1 10s each. It will be noticed that from the above figures the club has more than trebled the amount of the first year. I have noticed that someone is tiying to throw cold water on the approach ing meet, but he will have to be gray beaded before he succeeds. I have every wish that the Buna Coursing Club's meet will, in every respect, be a big success, and it is going to be so. It has everything in its favour, donations rolling in, members being enlisted, and nom inations overflowing. The estate, which I must say has been kindly lent by my old friend J. J. Duncan, Esq., is second to none in the colony for rings to run on, and it would be a difficult matter to gel a better place with hares more plentiful. Those who wish for the club's success will exclaim ' bravo,' but those who are opposed to it will exclaim what a 1 ? . Still the iact remains just tbe same, and I challenge contradiction. It is said, too, that tbe ground is not fit to run dogs on. This is nut true. Last year a large number of dogs entered, and none received acut of any con sequence. Whoever likes it or not the Buna Coursing Club is going to knock spots ofl of all clubs in South Australia. What about the dogs, the ugh ? Well, we have as good a breed as can be found anywhere. I would remind all intending competitors that the nominations close on April 18. I hear the Manoora Coursing Club meet is to take place shortly. I wonder what sort of sport they will hare this year. If it is not better than the last I don't know what will be come of the committee. I notice the committee of the Burra Racing Club had a reminder in your last issue. Keally I cannot make them out. Who is to blame? The day's racing previously provided was successful, both financially and a racing point of view. Can it be true that the secretary (who is he?) has about £y- in hand. If so I would suggest that he call a meeting at once, and if races cannot be held let the committee make the £30 a present to the Buna Hospital. It would do that institution good, but as it is it is of no use to anylx-dy. The Burra Polo Club is no! dead ! Anyone who wishes to see the manoeuvres of the horses and riders can do so any Saturday afternoon riy paying a visit to the ground, which is situated near Elder's yarn's in Alwrdeen. On Saturday I noticed II. Bowman on Banjo, E. Bowman on Bob, C. W. Bowman on Jo, F. W. While on Nigger, and A. Gebhardt on Masher. The game, which lasted all the afternoon'was en tered into with great spirit. On April 33 the last game of the season will take place. Messrs. H., E., and C. W. Bowman and W. Murray will take part in the annual meeting of the Adelaide Polo Club in May, and judging from their previous peiformarces they will give a good account of themselves. The Clare Tennis Club sends a team to Burra on Saturday next to play a match with the local players, which will take place on the court op posite the Hospital. This will be the fourth time these clubs have met, and an exciting time is expected. Hurras won the three pre vious matches, but this time they must te care ful. The following will represent Burra : — F. W. Whyte, J. Sangstei, P. Scott, A. Noyes, and R. M. Harvey. Go in Burras ! Well I hope they will go in and prepare for the approaching season. The club has lost several players, but I believe a number of young colts will turn out this season and help to fill the gaps. A late start was made last year, consequently the season was well advanced before a series of matches could be arranged. The secretary of the Burra Football Club has received a challenge from Petersburg juniors already. This is a bit start ling, and should put Ihe red and blues on Ibeir metal. Bravo, Aberdeens ! A meeting was held at the Royal Exchange on Friday night last to take inio consideration ihe advisibility of form ing a football club at the north end of the town. There was a good attendance. After hearing the views of several old players, it was decided to form a club to be called the ' Aberdeen Football Club.' The following are the officers : — Patron, J. Roach, Esq. ; presidents, W. Neville, and W. Linkson, Esq's. ; vicepresi dents, P. L. KiHicoat, G. Butterworth, I. A. Watt, W. T. Rabhich, Hy. Roach, W. Killi coat, and J. Dunn, Esq's. ; secretary and treasurer, W. Bentley ; captain, H. Preece : vice- captain, W. Sleeman ; committee, W. H. Morton and H. Hampton wilhlheaboveofficers. A start was made on Saturday afternoon on the Aberdeen reserve. Many a good game has been played between the nnrlh and south ends of the town, and this year will be no exception. The Aberdeens are the first in the field, and it is evident they mean '* biz.1' If ihe south players want to stand a ghost of a show they had better be up and doing. I believe we are going to experience a jolly lively time of it, and would suggest that the secretary of the Burra club be instructed to write to the several clubs around to ascertain if dates could be fixe:? so as to draw up a programme for the season. I think the members will agree with me that if this can be done it will cause greater interest to be taken in the game. The way matches have been arranged previously no one knows anything about them till ihe last moment. The sealing accommodation at the Oval will be much better than last year, and every induce ment will be held out 10 the public to turn out en masse to the matches. Several of our sporting men were out shoot' ing on Wednesday last, and bagged tome nice game. On Saturday last a shooting party as sembled at Mr. Klsehe's residence for the pur pose of having a day's shooting. A start was made for Block a — every farmer in ibe district knows all about this breeding ground — at about 9 o'clock in the morning under the most favour able circumstances. On arrival at the scene I was really surprised to see the large quantity of rabbits, but the number was co- siderably lessened before the test party left the battle field. No less than 43S being popped over. Nothing startling is set down for the holiday in Burra. On Good Friday the Aberdeens journey to Manoora to. try conclusions with the local team, and on Easter Monday arrange mentsare being made for the Bunas -o vi«it Gaw ler. On the following Wednesday the United School Teachers' Association will play a match against Burras on the local Oval. A match was to have taken place to day between the Muffs and Burras, but it has been postponed until Wednesday fortnight. The following players will represent Aber deen against Manooia on Good Friday : — W. II. Morton, W. II. White, W. Sleeman, J. Drew, J. Murphy. G. Parks, A. Maggs, W: H. Hardy, M. Rabbich, G. Herbert, W. Ben tley, and E. Preece. The following players will visit Gawler on Easter Monday : — G. Parks (cant), J. Drew, G. Herbert, J, Blolt, W. H. Linkson, W. H. Morton, J. Murphy, A. Wade, J. Herbert, T. Sangster, M. Rabbich, T. Nicholls, —Skinner, A. Maggs. and W. H. Hardy. A match was to have taken place to-day be tween the Muffs and Burras, hut it has l.etn postponed untii Wednesday fortnight. I must compliment tbe Quarrymen and Alrr deens for the way in which they have kept up the interest of the 'good old game' at tl.e north end. For several Saturdays matches have bceD played between these clubs. The former won two out of three. The match which was to have been played out on Saturday last iell through owing to the players not turning up. 