CHAPTER XXV. Mr. Leicester was not superstitious. He did not believe in ghosts and had no faith in warnings, and yet with all his stoicism he was strangely disturbed by what he had seen. It was not fancy, there had been the sweet, pale face close to him, floating in the air as it seemed, for he saw nothing els2. He had not been thinking of Nellie at the time, for he had fallen into a train of thought induced by the ailments of Betty Bird's daughter, and his reverie had been a professional one. He could not sleep when he got home, tired though he was, and after a couple of hours tossing from side to side he got up unrefreshed and took his morning tub, think ing perhaps the cold water might bring back some of his usual vigour.. Daylight and breakfast made him feel more like himself though he did little else than swallow a cup of coffee, and as soon as he could by any means'form.an excuse for such a proceeding he went to the Grange. .No one was up but the servants when he arrived, and he sent up :his card to Mrs. Car rington, begging the favour of a minute's interview with her as soon as she could come down to him. Miss Rivers was asleep still he was told, at least she had' not rung for Wilson, and the orders were not to disturb her till she did, . SHe felt half 'ashamed of himself and Wholly uncertain what he should say to Mrs. Carrington when she appeared; but he could not rest, he must know for a certainty that Nellie was alive and well. There was a change in the house it seemed to him even in the brief space of time :since he had visited it last, it did not seem so pervaded by the presence of.its light-hearted mistress. It was the early morning aspect of it doubtless, but it chilled and depressed him somehow like a house with a corpse in it. S' Bah II am growing childish,' he said to himself. ' Mr. Deacon was' right. I have been working to hard. I mnst take a holi day-I think I can. Ah, Mrs. Carrington, I hope you don't think I am quite out of m) senses, but I did want a word with you.'. ' A dozen if you like, or a hundred,' she replied. ' I was getting up. I hope there is nothing the matter.' Mr. Leicester was one of Mrs. Carring ton's prime favourites, .she would. have hardly been so, cordial to anyone else whc disturbed her in the midst !of her toilette. and she was intensely curious to how ihat brought him. SI hardly know how to tell you what my5 business is,' he said. 'It concerns Mist Rivers., Is she quite well?' '.As well, as events will let her be, Mr; Leicester, She was very ill and upset lasi night. I. have not seen:her this morning.' 'HIas.anyone?' 'What do you mean ? has anything hap. pened ?' SShe was looking at him with a scared face, for she had been soundly asleep all night in spite of the excitement around her, arid she feared he might be thebearer of evil tidings, S'I don't know, I came to see. Whal about this horrible plot, Mrs. Carrington ? is there anything in it ?' 'I fear there is. Of course I do nec know all the circumstances, but those whc do seem to think it is no imposture. Pool Nellie, poor child, what will be the oed of ii for her ?' ' What indeed ? Mrs. Carrington, will yoc do me a favour ?' ,Surely. What is it ?' SWill you assure yourself anid me too thhi there is nothing the matter with Miss River, \--that she' is well and in lier.room ?' ' What do you niean, Mr. Leicester?' Yoc frighten me. ...... 'I do not want to do that.; I hardly know why I came here and ask'such a thing. I an: not a fanciful man, but when I tell you thai I saw Miss Rivers's face out in the Half mile Lane at two o'clock this morning yoi will. not wonder at my feeling' anxious tc know whether she.islat home and.allright.' 'You saw Nellie?' gasped Mrs. Carring. toni stariog at him with horror in her face, SI did not say that, and I don't believe 1 did. I saw her face and nothing else, but the impression was so vivid that I have not been able to rest for thinking of it since I came home, and I knew, you would forgive my. coming to ask if all was well with her.' 'LForgive you I Mr. Leicester, you have had a warning-the child must be dead.' .Mrs. Carrington believed in warnings and the apparition of a dying person when there was reason for,.it, and she jumped to the saddest conclusion at once. ' No one has seen her this morning,' she said, ' I will send Wilson to her room.' i She rang the bell, and then sat :dowr, trembling in every limb.: S'Don't be frightened,' Belton Leicester said, or I shall be sorry; I thave come:-to trouble you with my folly. If Miss ,Rivers is in her room I shall write ,myself dobwn an ass and knovw that my fancy is playing me pranks, and that Imust restawhile.': ;:, The door opened ashe spoke and Wilson 'appeared with a scared face. ' 'Please, ma'am I can't make Miss'Rivers ' Not make her hear ?'. i;.'' 'No, ma'am,' : Mrs. Carrington ran upstairs,: her ea beating thick arid fast, and-'Belton ''Lei cester followed- her ::'He. did not stol to think whether ;his- presence ther would be,. welcome .:or- ,otherwise :,-;;sc sure was be now that something hac really happened.,, .Wilson, iwas .right, nc amount of knocking pi podiced any response The door was locked iorbolted on the inside and no sound, of anyone: stirrig' could 'bh heard. : , . - , By this time'the news that' s'omethirig. waei wrong had reached everyone in the house and the servants arid gue"ts crowded on tc the corridor' in which Nellie's 'room wa, situated ; -the: two lawyers-came~"ahd -Sir Wilfred aid his :wifei-,and last 'of all Vera Rivers, with a'curious look,ot something like triumph in her.' face.'. Belton ' Leicestei managed to .draw near. her as she'stood-. litie iapart aid whispered in' ler.-ar:' ia'i , You will do well to keep away from here,' he said, 'If 'anything'; has 'lalipened the consequences will be on your head.' : ,:, 'I don't know what has happened, ''sh said, sullenly. 'I have not murdered the young lady, if that.is wlat:.ou,.man ..::. She took .his , advice. and, drew haway, making her escape downstairs and wondering much what might be the- inatteri. ..*:, ..- : - 'Surely the little'fool lias"niiot done herself any harm,' she'.nmutt'erae;d,.,srnfuliy, as she listened for,any sounds fiom above. '! I don't think she has the pluck for it,1 she'is one of those- meek creatures 'who t'ile their" lots without a word, whatever thiey may be. I ani not much afraid of her;' .. The souid' ofthe crashing in ,of the bed room door starled heir.into someihing like apprehension and in another minute some. one came runniing downstairs at headlong . 'What is the matter?? she asked, puttingout her' head, for she had takln' refige in Nellie's mornin.-ruo m). . , ' ., '.Miss Nellie isn't there,' was the breathless answer. ' You have driven her away amongst you,-you and your lawyers.' S .TO- .E CONTINUED. 