A SUPERFLOUS HUSBAND. (Tuanslatkd from thu French.) ' llow many suits for divorce have you on hand '? ' 1 asked one of the friends, an eminent lawyer, whose numeroiH conquests make liini an object of terror to all husbands. 'I have but one,' he replied, 'and fUot fur rme of tho causes you suppose, neither adultry nor cruel treatment. If you wish to use the case at the plot of a play, 1 11 make it known to you.' ' On what plea, then, is the demand for divorce based ? ' ' On the dread of seeing again one from the other world.' ?' I do not understand.' ' You know Madame A. de B ? ? ' Of course ; but I thought her the most loving, the most beloved wife in the world ; also a devoted mother.' ' Exactly what I shall say in court.' ' As for her husband, he is a true gentleman, loyal, obliging, and of spotless reputation.' 'Again what I shall say.' ' And those people wish to sep arate ?' My legal friend enjoyed for a few moments (ho perplexity he was caus ing me, and then told me the strange story here transcribed: — Madame A. de B ? 1 who is not yet thirty-two years old, and scarcely appears thirty -one, has her name on all the suscriptions for charity, and is cited at all fashionable routs. See ing the eagerness and zest which she displays for enjoyment, and the fresh ness and bloom of her beauty, one would hardly suppose she were com pensating herself for sad days in the past. She has been married five years, or rather re-married, for at twenty Bhe was the wife of one of the Bourse's most reckless speculators, who left lier a widow by a death so tragic that it is yet remembered. One morning, seven years ago, we learned that Jacques dc T ? ,the well known club man and social favourtte, had been found dead iu his bed at his country property of G ? , his facc mutilated and brains scattered over his pillow. It was at first thought he had been assassinated ; it was winter and the house isolated and unoccupied. M. de T ? had conic there to search for some account books he needed. Owner of a large manufactory in the liciglib nirlioo 1, ha oftan made such trips, leaving his wife for a day at Paris. Ail old g.irdoner, who lodged ill a cottage a short distance off' waited upon him. As soon, however, as the affairs of the unfortunate man were investi gated, it was no longer possible to doubt that ho had committed suicide, lie had also a banking ho.iso near the Rue Lafitte, but he was totally ruined ; the (hit of his wife even had been absorbed. Maledictions in plenty were not lacking ; some persons in stituted s:iits, which the poor wife had easily set aside. She wept for him with all her heart. He had been a loving aud generous husband, bhe was the most earnest, most correct and mos-.t beautiful widow, in her art less weeds, that one could wish for. She returned to her own family, and having no children (they had been married susli a short time !) Seemed to resume the life of her girlhood, s tve her uncj.i ing grie'. Complete misfortunes have one advantage ; they are a claim to the privileges of mar tyrdom. People pitied her : everyone said she would never marry again. They forgot that happiness most ab ruptly cut short is o.ten that which soonest buds anew. Monsieur A. de. B ? is as hand some as the lirst husband, goes less frequently to his club and has an assured fortune. He fell in love with a woman who had lost hers ; how could she refuse liim ? The second marriage gave happiness of another type, less turbulent, more home like and complete. First came a boy, then a little girl, and when Madame A. dc B ? made her annual visit to the - decorous tomb she had erected to the memory of unlucky T ? , it was almost with a smile of gratitude that she prayed for the dear departed. As she fervently recommended him to divine mercy, she was certain her prayers were hoard, for all the merits of Ser first husband seemed augmented by the charming qualities of the second. One day Madame A. de B ? received a letter which had been a long time reaching her. It was directed to Madame de T ? and stamped with an American stamp. The handwriting of the address troubled her, and, when tho envelope was torn open, the lirst lines made her quiver. Was it a sacrilegious mystification or had poor de T ? planned before killing himself, a de ception like that which gave Retif dc la Bretonue the plot for a curious novel? Had he ordered (hat every seven years a letter should be delivered to bis wife, to prevent her grieving for him, and persuade her that he still liveu ? That was M. A. de B ? 's first idea when his frightened little wife brought him the strange missive, dated from New York ; but, when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing well it words and studying it probabilities lie was obliged to acknowledge that T- ? was not dead ; that the letter was indeed from liim, and that it announced bis return. But the suicide ? the corpse ? (he burial ? Alas the letter had a reply for every thing. T ? related how, facc to face with bankruptcy, he had wished at once to indemnify his honour and facilitate for hi'iiself a way to re conquer his lost fortune. Willi the assistance of a grave-digger he. got possession of a corpse of his size and general appearance. The occasion had been waited for during several months ; the grave-digger liberally bribed. At night lie placed the body in his bed, and, when he had dressed it in his linen, fired in its facc two pistol shots, which rendered it absolutely unrecognisable. Then, hav ing accomplished that suiciilr, in an empty house, ho escaped, taking with him only the money necessary for his passage, and went to try nis luck iu America. The miserable fellow seemed en chanted with his expedient. 11c had the grace, however, to be somewhat sober in his self-praises ; but he ran on endlessly in telling of the sorrows of separation, the anguish of that long voyage, the torture he had imposed on himself iu remaining dead for her, as he was for the rest of the world. He should never have had the courage to persevere in his task of rehabilition if she had written to him, if she had recalled him ! He had condemned himself to seven years of work, of silence, of burial. With all the fatuity of a martyr, he never seemed to doubt that she had remained a widow and inconsolable ; therefore, among the joys that he promised himself in the future, he gave the first place to the greatest, that of consoling her, at once, suddenly. ' Do not die of joy !' he wrote to the one who felt ready to die of terror on the spot. Iu short, he was very rich, two or three times more so than he had ever been, he was coming back to pay all his creditors, interest aud principal, to clear his name, and, as now he would have no more cares and anxieties, he should have plenty of time to devote to loving his dear little wife. He gave fleeting glimpses, as into an unknown paradise, of the children, of whom he was certain. The wretch even made poetry on that subject, a millionaire's poetry : llahes ii'DidJ float throw/h the hearcn of tlu'ir unalU'rahU ? bliss like liult' aw/rls, or little ('ii/iitls. That passage par ticularly aroused the fury of M. A. de B ? . As though they had needed that ' dead-alive' to call forth angels and loves ! Corpse he might not be, but at least he should not return alive I The second husband's plan was to meet number one part way on his way home and kill him, since he dared to come out of his legal tomb under pretext thit he was not dead. The ollicial records would justify that murder ; nothing would have to bo changed in the certificate ot death; nothing c.'l'ac jd— but a man ! It would not be a duel, scarcely even a nninler ; merely a case of legitimate selfde fencc, tho stamp that Hamlet gives on the ground to drive back the importu nate ghost. The idea was a good one, and he must leave at once. ' No, no, not that 1' cried Madame A. de B ? , terrified. Was her first love, perchance, resuscitating with her first husband ? 'You tak'3 his part?' demanded No. 2, trembling with jealousy and horror. ' Ungrateful man I Do you not owe to him our five years of happiness ?' ' The scoundrel has taken them back from me I' ' He has not the right.' ' Our marriage is null ; his is not.' ' Null, and our children?' ' Ah 1 our cliildren, our children I' They were there, the little hypoth cherubim of whom the wanderer spoke in his letter. They enclose 1 their father and mother in their caressing arms ; they soothed the wrath of the menaced husband. The couple wept, kissed, and ended by going to consult my friend, the lawyer. It was agreed that he should ask for a divorce for Madame A. do B ? from her first husband as soon as M de T ? has been given to understand that it is dangerous for him to return to France. Ilis escapade is complicated by a vio lation of sepulture. The grave-digger is dead ; but he, by his own avowal ordered aud paid for the crimc. They cannot reasonably ask him to kill himself, but they might possibly obtain a promise from him to continue to p'ay dead man in the depths of America ; and, if his probity reviver, let him furnish the elements for an integral payment of his debts without appearing in the matter, but this is a romantic way out of the difficulty. Thanks to M. Naquet, there is a more practical method. Tliey will obtain a divorce, and then M. and Madame A, de B ? , whoso marriage may teni poiarily be considered void, will be re-married. It appears, from last news, that M. de T ? is resigned to that arrangements. lie will not come to France, and will let the divorce be prononnced against him. If he is condemned for having placed a pauper's corpse in his bed and afterwards in a handsome tomb, lie will not protest ; he will pay bis French debts and bo come a naturalised American, and it is as easy to have in one's home little angels or little cupids in America as in France, he will not deny himself that happiness. Indeed, why ? For he permits them to perceive the true reason why he has had courage to keep silent for seven years, and not to write to liis darling wife. It was because ho would have had to dip liis pen in the ink-bottle of an American widow. His pent up feel ings find relief in that bit of spite. At the end of seven years of an honourable intimacy, and when tbe bonds were less tightly drawn he had, indeed, been able to push an arm through bis veild ing chains, and sent the letter announcing his resurrection. Sincc they forcc him thereto, however, he will prove that he knows how to make the best of a losing game. Once free in France, be will atone for his ' fall ing out ' with the widow by marrying her. Iu America, as here, that is the surest way to rid one's self of a mis tress. 