INDIAN GHOST CHARM'S. THE dread of ghosts is common to nil tlie aboriginal races of India, from whom it has boon very generally adopted by their 'Aryan conquerors, and evuu by the lower classes of Mohammedans. All ghosts are believed to bo misr:hinvoun, and somo of them bitterly malicious, and the only way to oppose their rancor is to build shrines for them, and to make them offering, oE a fowl, a pig, or on grand occasions of a buffalo. Any severe illness, and more especially any opidemio disease, such as small-pox or cholera, is attributed to tho malignancy of these spirits, who niustbe propitiated r«:rordim:ly. The mun tiger is, perhaps, tin; most- dreaded of all tliu.se demon ghosts ? for when a tiger has killed a man, tho rigor is supposed to be safe from harm, as tho spirit of tho man fides upon his head and kcupti him free fio a danger. Accord ingly, it is believed that the only sure mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people is to begin by making offerings to tho spirits of his victims, thoreby depriving him of their val uable servicc3. The ghosts most easily propitiated are thoso who have mot a violout or untimely death, whether hy design or accident, including poison and disease. Even women who die in childbirth or wretches who are hanged for their crimes are believed to havo tho same power of causing their evil to tho living as those who have been killed by tigers, or by lightning, or by any other violent cause. All these deified spirits are often distinguished by some term denoting tho manner of their death ; thus, tlie ghost of a man killed by lightning is culled the " Light ning ghost," that of one killed by a snake, tho "Snako Ghost," and so on. The ghosts of women who dio during childbirth are supposed to be specially powerful and vindictive. Most of the deceased persons whose spirits are now worshipped were the ancestors of some of tho aboriginals, and as Genoral Cunningham, the head of the archjoological survey of India, says, their worship is generally local, and confined t ) the limits occupied by their respective tribes. The ceremonies observed in propitiating tho ghosts consists mainly of the offerings of goats, fowls, pigs, flowers, or fruit, of tho recitation of prayers,and the singing of certain mantras,or charms, the last being the most important of all. Those charms, which are always sung by men at the diffent shrines, are of two kinds the "Sabare charms" and the " mystical incan tations." The former are addressed to the deified ghosts of the dead, the performance being generally carried out in the country, or in the place where the corpse was burned, and the lattor are used for the purpose of compel ling spirits to appear and receive tho orders of the performer. 