THE NOVELIST. THE MYSTERY OF HERNE LODGE. BY THE EARL OF DESART PROLOGUE. CHAPTER I. THE HOUSE'S HISTORY Anyone who has ever amused him- self by roaming about those lanes and commons which touch our groat city on the south-western side, and whence you can nearly hear its noise, while you can and do suffer from the shrill screams of the iron horses going to and from it, must have now and again come upon ono of several veritable bits of real country — oases in the desert of gorge- ous villadom. Finding such, you in- voluntarily stay your step and gaze tenderly — if you be of a fooling and imaginative nature — at the survival ; at the little bit of Toryism, so soon to be swept away by the march of progress, enlightenment, and alas ! hideousness. Once, many summers ago, when weary of my work, and more weary of the endless tread of hurrying human- ity, I sauntered a mile or so from Clap- ham Station, and peered at every trim and red-brick box of a house or pin- nacled stucco villa, as I passed, with that abstracted gaze which sees but little. All at once, straying off the main road into a by-lano that seemed likely to lead to nothing but ii gate, and prob ably a "Tresspassers will bo Froso- culed " board, J. came upon, without warning, a perfect little paradiso of sylvan beauty and comfort. Tiie houso, small aud plain enough, was old, as one might' see by its quaint gables and by the color of its storm- stained bricks; it was covered with roses, clematis, and other eroepors, the roses thrusting their bonds saucily into tho old- fashioned, diatnond-piinod windows; and all. about it, from tho solid oak front door to tho neatly swept path that led thoneo to tho rustic gate, — the latter dunked by a sweet little bedded out garden— bespoko well-bred competence and lovo of llio beautiful. " Well," said I to myself as I gazed, "if ever I am ablo to afford Bueh luxuries as a wife and a suburban resi dence, this is what the latter should be." A nd then I wont back to my murky lodgings, moro dissnt'sfied with them and my bachelor lifo than over, nnd soon forgot all about tho pretty little houso so solitary yet so c'ose to whoro the toilers dwell and polluto tho air with their struggles for gold. " In time things changed with mo. I did got a wife, and sufficient- means to think of a dwelling, whence I could go to my olfico each morning, leaving the dear — yet saving ono— amid her flowers, and coming back at night to breathe tho scont- lndon air of " homo." Those who liavo sonrchod for a houso of this kind will sympathise with our troiiblos, and can imngino tho fruitless journeys and tho constant disappoint ments wo underwent. When almost despairing, tho clerk in a house-agent's one day obsorved to me, — " There's Korno Lodgo ; but I daro- say you wouldn't cave about that." SouK>ihing in his tono nettled mo. WhjJfcftiouid we not care for l.lcrno Loilgd ? Did lie think it too grand for lis ? " 'Whoro is Horno Lodgo? " I asked, as lie was turning ovor tho loavos of his book. " Tootham Cotnmou. Three recep tion-rooms; 10 bedrooms; seven acres of laud ; garden ; 20 minutes' walk from staLion, Loaso of uiuo years to bo sold." Do ontorcd into oilier particulars. " 'Why, it's dirt choap," I oxclnimod, " if it is at all up to its -description. Perhaps the Btato of ropairs " " Oh, it's in very good repair for an old houso," said tho young man, lan guidly scratching his noso with tho feather end of a pan. " But I don't think it would suit yon — or the lady." Tho look of slightly haughty pity ho gavo my wil'o roused that person's com bative spirit at once. "I think it sounds tho vory thing. Plcaso givo us an order to view." Bofore making out tho order, the young man disnppoarod through ii class door, and wo hoard a intiUled co versn- tion. Soon an older man, ovidoutly tho inns- tor house- agent himself, appeared, lie rubbed his bauds ilqprecntiugly, and ap pealed to nie." " You wish, sir, . to view Heme Lodgo ? " " .Certainly ." - ' ; ; < ; , :-f ' « i j " "Weii, I should be vory glad to got it off my books. But the fact is Well, sir, w.q'vo sent many parties to view it, and it ha's'lieen no use ; that is, exeopt on two occasions, and thou tho pnrtios that Look ic throw their, loaso up, nnd wo find a lot of troublo. 1'iii sure I wish the placo wore-burnt down." .. " Ah ! " said my wifo, \vlio isstrong- niind"o\l dnoiigli' (except with iriice and moths), "it is haunted, I suppose? " " Oh' doiir, no, madam. "OE courso it can't be haunted, but that iB wha t poople do say. . No ono in tho neighbor hood will pn3s it at 'night j'. "'and, as, I said, tho last two tenants loft it almost immediately nftertnking posses sion, aiid nothiug would i'nduco 'thom — even losing a tidy sum of mouoy (for tho law courts as you k'nowi sir.'don'tboliovoin ghosts)— to hold to their agrcomonts." " Oil, do toll us all about tho ghosts," said my wife, .clappiug. hey hands. "No, my doar,"l lmd to observe, as I saw the agont getting a littlo restive , "wo cannot fako up this goutlomau's time. . ' If ho. will givo us an order to: v'iow,T daresay wc shall bo ablo to glean all tho f icts of the ea30 — or tho .fancies rath-r— oii.thospot." " Oh, yos,"- said he, as ho filled in tho order. " Tho caretaker, an old sailor, who I fancy rathor likes tho borth, and doosn't want to bo disturbed,- will mako tho most of thorn." I feol I am scarcely doing my duty to tho owners' — it is part of a trust — in tolling you what- I have, but I haven't tho heart to let such a sweot-looking lady run tho risk of boiiig frigiitonod." And with this cmnpiimcnt — which tho object of it looked upon as moro like an insult — ho bowed himself back into the inner olfico, and wo loft tho piaco. The vory uo.xt day saw us walking from Tootham Station in tho direction pointed out to us for reaching Ilorno Lane, down which wo woro to proceed to find our house. It was not until wo hud almost reached it, howovor, that I recollected whoro I was— in tho same lane to which I- had wandered' eight years before, and at tho ond of which I had discovered my ideal rue in stib-nrbe. I quickly told tho partner oE my jovs, and wo almost ran oil to behold the realization of my early droaui. Alas ! thero was tho houso certainly, but tho creepers wore torn off the wall in groat, patches, aud hung helplessly down, swinging to tho slight breeze as if writhing in pain. Tho trollis-work that had boon placed thero to support thorn was broken in many places, aud showed discolored patches of wall within ; the windows looked us it they had not known paint for years, and in many of them the glass was shuttered. The trim garden I recollected was now rank grass; and it was difficult to make out oven where the bods had boon, while tho gmvol walk to tho front door was now but a brown track worn through tho herbage. All bospoko ruin and neglect ; ' and even lis wo looked, tho darkening'of the autumn sky, by reason of a passiug cloud, chilled us. and ail unreasoning sense of gloom crept into both our minds. My wifo only confessed to this long nftor ; but I saw it iu hbr sweet face as I glanced at her in dismay. She never reproached mo, to her credit bo it said. All she did was to shiver and to remark, — " It does scorn a littlo out of repair, doesn't it?" , But on onlcriug wo found that inter nally tho. houso was in vory decent order, and to mako a long story short, wo al most tli on and thero nnulo up our minds to take it, unless tho ghost story waa of such an awful naturo as to frightou even us Tho caretaker, one of those old sol diers who can exactly calculate the amount of liquor tlioy may consume, nnd vet retain .sufficient sense to do their duty, was nothing loth to hold forth, and told us the following tale, his olo- quonco being brightened up every time his somewhat fishy eyo rested on my 'pocket; "und his mind: reverted to 'the silvor soon to lonp therefrom. As ho was rathor diffuse, I give, tho facts in my own words. About 10 years before tho date of which I write, the house hnd been taken by a gentleman — a writing gentleman, the soldier called him— whoso passion for solitudo was oxtremo. Ho scorns to have beon a kind melancholy man ; aiid there were stories that ho would often perform little acts of charity in. tho neighborhood, which betokoaod that ho took moro interest in tho doing of others than appoarod on tho surface. Olio winter night, so tho story went-, a lady eamo to the houso lato at night, as it appeared, -with no luggage. Noxt morning tho gontloman announced that sho wns his wife ; and soon afterwards lior luggago arrived, full, tho servants said, of 1 vory handsome clothes and tilings. Whatever doubt thoro may liavo been, and indeed soemod to be, as to tho wifo story, the lady: — who was very beautiful, of course, tho story re quired that— remained on; acting as if sho wore tho gontlcmnn's wife;, but going a groat deal to London, and com ing buck on several occasions, tho ser vants declared, decidedly tho worBO for stimulants. On those occasions sho would sing— boautifully, thoy said, which' soeuis contradictory — and thou high words would be hoard. Ouo night, whoa she lmd boon thoro about throo months'— it was in Fohrunry — tho gontloman (tho narrator gavo no names throughout) sent all thoBorvanls — man, cook, lady's maid, and house maid, for tho ostablishraouthad beon in- creased since tho Iridy clime — to' a tlioatro in town, nnd especially told them that they need not return tiil tfiey pleased, as ho wished tliom to enjoy themselves thoroughly. lie wns so kind nnd gentlo that this did not aston ish thorn much ; nlihoitgh it was the first time thoy hnd beon allowed this especial form of relaxation. On tlioir roturn towards tho stiinll hours, thoy cropt in as quiotly as might bo, and next morning wcro surprised to, :find that their master and mistress had evidently changed tlioir plans, and gono up to town after tho cold dinner, which' hnd been set for them boforo the ser vants loft. Neithbrof tliem, mnater.or mistress cyor. returned. An envelope was received;by tho cook on the' third day nfter tlicii' departure, onclosing bank notes to tho amount requisite to pay tho hoiisobooks and servants' wage? with a month ,in lion of warning ; and also onclosing such liousokeys' ns tho gontloman had kept in his possossion. Tho handwriting on tho envelope was tlieirmiistor's. When this arrivbd thoy for tho first timo grow nlnrmed, nnd communicated with tho polico : but nothing moro was oror hoard of them ;' and there was no reason to suspoot anything wrong, until two 'cir cumstances camo to light. A rospoct- ablo artisan, and his son; agod 14, had, on their way homo from tho station; boon making a short cut near Herno Lodgo, and, when about n hundred yards from it they : had- heard tho most heartrending shrieks/and thoy, thought; crios of murder.- "" ! Iti would, seem . that tho man' was not : oE.( a. courageous naturo, for ho waited some time before lie dared approach tho houso ;. and when ho did so. all was- quiet. IToro, however, it appoarod that he was contradicted by his son, who do-; ciiivod that!tfiero wnsi a bui'ious- kiuick-j ing sound iiisido, as of someone hammer-' ing on a hard surface. On' this ii soiirch' of tho promises , was -instituted; but nothing was found, ex cept tlio fnct— which tho servants of courso know bofcro — that tho departure, if departure it woro, must have, beon unpremeditated, as nothing of the lady's had left horroom ; and, with tho doubt ful exception of a coat und hat about which no ono wns certain, nothing of tho man's either. Tho second circumstance brought to light by the polico inquiry was tlink, about a week boforo tho disappearance, tho lady hnd boon to two chemist's shops in tho vicinity, and had askod for— at ono ineffectually, witli success at tho othor — tartar emetic,' giving somo plaus- ablo reason -for wantiug it, which tho narrator had forgotton. Tho nnmo signed in the book of the compliant chemist was not tho namo sho passed by at llcrno Lodgo, and the address given ' wns ii number that did not exist in a small street of Tootham. Such wns tho tale of the militnry caretaker : as commonplaco a s'ory as any that, appoars from timo to tiiuo in our newspapors. And tho ghostly ex planation was equally of the ordinary kind. Noises at night, hnmmoring, shrieks, aud all usual littlo annoyances that caused nervous people to believe in haunted houses ; and that cause those houses, to be sold or let for half their value, as this was. My wifo lnughod at the whole thing, much to' my comfort, for I liked the place, and soon tho agreoinont was signed and soalod. There being no hurry on our side, and as I wished our first scini-rural housekeeping to be as succossful as possible, we did not tako bodily possossiou until the spring follow ing, tho .winter boing devoted to re furnishing and altogether renovating the houso and placo. . In April wo journeyed down with our belongings, and found Hcrno Lodge — ours now — smiling on us as it smiled on mo when in my careless bachelorhood I had' chanced upon its miniature charms. As I always told my wifo, the sight of it, so manifestly tho homo of lovo, hnd first turned my thoughts to matrimony in tho abstract, just as tho sight of lior had- turned' them to matrimony- in tho concreto. It was tho thought of what lovo might bo iu such a cottage, fed on something better than " water and the crust," that hud spurred me on to work, and had made it possible for lior worthy parents to give. us eventually their blessing. And Emily said that sho would at once seo about piaciug a blue plate over tlio front door, with " Here first John thought tho thought that lod him to wards Emily " graven thereon ; upon which plate future pilgrims from re mote partB of tho earth would flock to gaze, and tho fame of which should olcvato Tootham into a rival of Avig non and Stratford-on-Avon, Thus with jokes and laughter wo took possession of our now abo'do ; and so fond of tlio place did we become that when, some months nftor, names woro wanted for a now visitor to the green 'earth; 'the name, of Herne was very nearly sandwiched botwoon those of tho two godfathers. But I remomberod just in time that wo only hnd a lease of nino years certain, and that my oldest son going about as Ilorno Welter,' long- after Herne Lodgo hnd passed into tlio hands of a ranker of n' now soap, would bo about as absurd ns some of the grand Scotch gcntlemon, who describe tliom- selvos as " of " places that have not known them for many long, and, to tlioin, penurious years. To be continued.') Lady (engaging servant)—' " Havo yoii any roieroncos ?" Raw Country Girl — "What bo tliom, marin?" Lady-" Why, can you tell mo nny pooplo who know your character ?" Haw Country Girl (grinning) — " Yos, snroly, hut I bcan't so silly as to toll yo ?" - A reverend gontloman tolls this stovy ot a littlo boy. Tho boy was tired out from u hard day's play, and when ho votirod ho was too s'oopy to say his good-night prayer. I-Iis molhor tried in vain to liavo liim Bay it, aud linally sont tho iathor in. IIo found tho boy just sinking into a tired sloop, and domanded that ho should got up and say his prayor. Tlio littlo follow rosu wearily, sank down upon his knoos by tho bedside nnd bogan — "Oil,' dear I Lord i . pionso mako papa say his prayors soino J timo wlion bo's ns tired as I aui. Anion." 