SUPERNATURALIA; OB Ghostly Apparitions. The appearance only to person* who an peouliarly fitted for gbo3t-8eeing il one of the peoulatitieB of all ghost legends. It is not everyone that can gee the inhabitant* of the invisible world, but those whose eye* lire opened, or for those whom tbo ghoBt has a feeling that makes a bond ot sympathy, or those who by some peculiarity ot birth are better qualified than others for Buob mystio Bight. For instance, a ohilfi born on Sunday in Sootland is believed to have this powor above all others. The ' White Lidy ' appears on such occa sions in Buoh manner as he chooseB, but is also capable of being summoned by any of her family according to a prescribed formula and by tbe porfprmanco of certain rites. The ' White Lady of Avenel ' is only the application to a particular family oi a belief common in Sootland where thft apparition known in Ireland aa the banahTd is known by tbe name name, but quite up sften the ' white lady.' In fact, moet ot tlie great families in tbe Highlands wero noosed to have a do mestic spirit wbc look an interest in their prosperity, an.i usually intimated an ap proaching disaster by waitings and uneartly sounds of grief. But there was a difference in the apparition varying with the oharaottr which each is supposed to have held while upon the oarth in mortal flesh, but in geceral it appeared aa an old woman in a mantle with streaming hair. A superstition of the same kind i* so gene rally, received in the Green Isle that the banBhee is oounted in popular belief to be a peouliarly Irish oredullty. In Ireland thero liavo been various ex planations of the* word banBhee, most ot them explaining it as the ' head ot the fairies,' or 'white fairy ;' but Dr. O'Brien in hiii Irish dictionary writeB, ' beauaighe plural mau sighe,' the fairieB, or women fairies credulously supposed by the common people to be no affected to certain families that they are beard to sing mournful lamentations around houses at night whenever any mem ber of the family labors under a nfokneni which i* to end in death. Some of the cases in which the bansbei ha* appeared are told with an abundance ol detail and confirmed by so many witneesei that, although unwilling to believe the tale, it becomes a difficult one to answer orexplaio ?way. The batches of the Bunworth family at related to have appeared on the ooeasion of the death ot Rev. Charles Bunworth, reotoi ot Buttevant, in the county Cork, about the middle of the last century is suoh a oaso. lt- first appearance was to one of tbe servants named Kavanagh, who came to the house apparently in great grief and wringing hie hands. 11 What is it you mean, Kavanagh ?' in quired Miss Bunworth, ' I* it mean I' said Kavanagh ; ' tbo ban *heo has oome from him, Mies, and 'tis not I alone who have hoard her.' ' 'Tia an idle superstition,' eaid Miss Bunworth. ' Maybe so,' replied Kavanagh ' but as I same through the glen of Ballybog sho waa along with me, keening and sareoohing and olapping her hands by my side every step of tbe way, with her long white hair falling upon her shoulders, and I could hear hir re peating the master's name every now and then, as plain aa I ever heard it. When I oaine to tbo old aouey sno parted from ma there, and turned into the pigeon field next tbe burying ground, and folding her oloalc about her, down she sat under tho tree that was struck by lightning and began to cry so bitterly that it went through one's heart to hear it.' Miss Bunworth told Kavanagh that her father was sleeping quietly, and that they thought ha was doing well, but warned him not to tell tho Btory to anyone Mr. Bunwortb, howevtr, did not progress toward recovery, but declined gradually, though nothing more happened until the night of his death, Then there was a sudden sound outside tho window near the bed. A rose tree was forced aside with some noise, and a low moaning was heard, accompanied by olapping ot bands, as it of a female in deep auliotion. It seemed aa if tbo sound pro ceeded from a person holding her mouth oloat to tbe window. The lady who oat by the bedside wtnt into an adjoining room and asked tbe gentlemen there it they had heard the banshee. Nona ot them believed in her UdjBhip, and tuoy at onoe instituted a thorough investigation. They walked all around tbo house, examining every Bpot ot ground, but there was not a sign, not even a footstep upon the fresh oarth of the garden. Upon their return they were astonished to hear that the manifestation* had been re peated, and that they had been more marked, and the olapping ot hand* loudor than be fore. Daring the night the siok man grew rapidly worse and expired with' tbe first gllmpao ot - morning. The legend ot 'The McCarthy,' is the moit peoulitr among all the banshees. The young man died and waa laid out for several hour* when he oamo baok to lite and insisted that he had been before the judgment Boat, but had been permitted to oome back with the understanding that three years more of life were granted him in which he might become ft better man. He had been very wild and dissipated, but reformed at ono and lived as a man naturally would who knew that the day of his death wa* fixed. As tbe time drew near MoOtrthy'i mother aent for her Bister to be with them at the eventful time. On the way the banBhee appeared, giving a Buaoesaion of screams and making t, loud clapping ot the hand*. Then they taw the figure of a tall thin woman, with unoovored bead, and hair that floated ?round her shoulders, attired in something which might be a loose white cloak or a sheet. She itood in the way as if to stop them, and motioned to go another way, whioh they finally went. When they got there the* found that McCarthy had been slightly wounded by a pistol shot, a wound that wa* thought ot no importance, but from wbioh he died the very day that the three year* wai op. The origin of all theie appearance* and many like them it easy to trace. They go baok, not to oUbbio, but to the old Nona days when Woden, whom we call Odeo, waa given a place among tho goda, and Frigga was mada his oontort. Odin beoamo the tarliett form of the hunter, who, with hi* mystio attendants with horn and hounds, was reported to pursue tbe ohaae all over northern Europe. Hi* consort in like manner became the white lady who beoame transformed into a hundred different legends in whioh the motherly, protecting influence of the divina Frigga i* not entirely lost. There are a number ot white ladiea oon neoled with various noble families in Ger many, but probably the one that i* most re* markable and seemi to be the most aubitan tiatid is connected with tho royal bouse ot Germany, and is known as the, ' White lady of the HohenEolIero*,' The lady in question ia laid by all to ;ba one ot the anoeatnaBos ol the family, but whioh one ia not agreed. There i* an abundance oi evidenee a* to her repeated appearances, and no mertly ghott ?lory ia ao well authenticated. She ia noorded to have made her fint ap. pearanoein 1508, juit before the death of the elector, John Qearge, Twenty yean later ?he prognosticated the death of John Bigia mund. In 1829 she again appeared, and for the Srst time spoke, uttering these word* : '? Veni, |udiea vivo* et moriuoi.' A paper ol that Barly day rocorda tho appearance with this ?tatemtnt : ' It i* alto undeniable that in our timu, only ? faw yean ago. in a oartain prinoely Iioum allied to that of Bradtnburg, a young prince met with ? fatal aooident, and that a tow dayj Mom bJf death tbe whit* lady w» iHJ.' in 16S9 the white lady was merifi .-?§?? gallery of Berlin, beforo the death of'Ann* 'i Sophia, duohees or Brunswick, and' again; in I6C7, when she foretold the death «t {j'ousia : Henriette, wife of the eleotor, Fr«derioT( William. ]?:'? *£ The aabaeguent appearance, generally b*. t lieved in by the Germans who believe in | ghosts at all, waa to Frederick I. of Prussia, the son of the elector. He waa laying on hi* T -, bed in a weak, exhausted condition, with a i valet asleep on a mattresB near by. Suddenly ' he heard the hangings divide and saw a tall white lady with outstretched arms and flow- , ing hair, inolining her head toward the bed, . and turning from right to left as though she ?ought lometbing under the hanging*. At . last she discovered the king, and her iteady ' eyes looked at him long in silence. ' William raised himself and made a movement ; her eyes followed him ; she was unmoved. At that moment tbe clook on a pier table near the bed rang the hour and stopped. The lady disappeared. At the same moment a violent noise was heard in the room adjoining, where were, and now are, placed on sideboard*, the plates and dishes need in the fetes of the ? Prussian kiDg. They all fell with a orash to the floor. Tbe valet awoke ; the king cried in aeaenta of terror : ' There, there I She went out thero I' And with bewildered look, hi* hand extended, he pointed to the door ot the private loom. ' Who ?' asked the' valet, halt asleep. ?' The white lady, I tell you I Go and ?ee whioh way she went.' The valet aearohed all over the palace, aud found no epeotre. ' I saw the white lady,' said tbe king, as though speaking to himself, and covered his faoo with the bed coverings, Next day he ordered hi* coffin and msti the Queen, his wife, to lie in it, in order to see if the size was rigbt. It was bia last aot ot cruelty, for he died that night. Forty yeara after, his son, Frederiok tba Great, died at Sans Souoi, and he, too, law tbe white lady. The oircumatanoea again were remarkable. A picture ot the wbitt lady had been painted (it is said by his own hand), which is still in existance, and ahofft the superstition which was evidently in hit mind. Whether he expeoted to. tea bar ox not, she came. One evening just at nightfall Frederick waB alone in the library standing betor* a musio stand wbion he used wnen piaying int flute. The door opened and tho white lady traversad the room without looking at him, For a moment ha did not know what to do. Then he followed her ; he opened thei'oorand followed her from room to room without reaching her and finally stopped at the vesti bule The apparition seemed to run over tbe kand in the circular oourt, seemed to hesitato a moment then vaguely beckoned him to oome, and disappeared. He died a few days afterward. Tho Wliito Lniiy of ITolienzolloni is aUo said to have appeared in IS 10 befnro tho death ol Frederick William IXf ; in 1801, previous to tha death of Frederick William IV., and In tho pre ?out year previous to the donth of tho late em peror. Tho conclusion of tho matter is that the super stition, born far back in tho days ol pngauism, has permeatod Kuropo and still lias bouio powor, but us remarked an Irish storyteller : ' 1 don't hear that tho ba»nheo8 go ou bo much now as they did formerly.' Such boliefa must fade out befora tho march of intolligenco and knowlodgo, and yot tlioy nro «o full of a peculiar intorokt that many will rcgrot their loss uvou In tlio day when no ono will cieiitor accept thorn upon any authority what evor. Tiilhe ate many worso things tlitn aiugte blessedness, and tlio condition of tho old maid !? no less honorablo to her thun Ia that of matri mony to lior weddod aiiiter. The old maid may. if ibo will, and bIio generally duos, boar a noble part iu tho good work of making tlie world a bettor and happier placo. Tliero aro probably few who do not carry with them through life tlio tender memory o' Borne old maid whoso love aud goudncsB choorod and blessed their early years. How often is she a ministering angel wIiobo life is spun t in nets ot unselllsh dovotiin to tboBS around her? Wo cannot aparo tbo old maid. Sbo has an important rolo to play in tho human ooraody, mid tlio thing for ber to do is to study it ?iid pUy it well, Tlio woman who worries bo oauio she socs old maidenhood beforo her ib with out good seuso. Lot her bo sure that tliero aro thousands of wivcB who only wlsh*0»t they bad lod ainglu lives, anil tlion bIio may find it easier to learn of tho apostle in whatsoever state sue is thorenith to be content. 