Ghosts. One or more of a man's senses may play him false while his reasoning powers in general remain unaffected. He may "see" what does not exist ; hear a voice where there is no utterance ; smell an odour where there is none ; have a bitter or nauseous taste where there is nothing to cause it. Furthermore, all emotions are capable of being propagated from person to person, so as to assume an epidemic form. Almost every age has witnessed such epidemics. About one hundred and fifty years ago the Convulsionaires of France, beginning with fanatical prayers at the tomb of Francois de Paris, at length threw themselves down, rolled upon the ground, imitated all sorts of animals, and finally went off into swoons. During the witchcraft delusion in America in every town to which the "afflicted" were carried young girls were sure to be taken with the same fits, and see the same sights. In the Great Revival in Tennessee and Kentucky, at every gathering hundreds fell like corpses; others went on their hands and knees and barked like dogs ; others rolled on the ground, and others still shook as if in convulsions. Some were seized while swearing at the whole thing. Generally only one of the senses is thus disordered, but sometimes more than one is affected. Blake, a distinguished English painter, who was liable to disordered sensations, describes a fairy funeral which he seemed to have witnessed. He was walking alone in his garden on a still night, when he apparently heard a low and pleasant sound, and at length saw a procession of creatures of the size and colour of grasshoppers bearing a body laid out on a rose-leaf, which they buried with songs and then disappeared. Apparitions are a result of disordered sensations. They are generally seen in the dark, the nervous system being then most impressible ; but whatever excites the mind puts one in a state favourable for false appearances. In Berlin, Germany, not long ago, the pupils in one of the public schools saw a "ghost." Soon others began to see similar apparitions, and "ghost seeing" extended from school to school as a regular epidemic. Last year a patient came to the Vanderbilt Clinic, New York, with mental hallucinations and disorders of sight, hearing, smelling, and tasting. He believed himself persecuted. Hs saw skeletons and various persons moving about. With his right ear he heard three voices talking to him at once, swearing at him and calling him names. He was also tortured by disagreeable odours, and by pecu- liar tastes in his drink and food. 