MACMILLAN'S COLONIAL LIBRARY. We have received through Mr. W. C. Rigby, and Liessrs. Petherick & Co., the latest additions to Macmillan's Colonial Library. The practice of the publishers has long been to give colonial readers thepricr benefit of reduced prices so that for a small sum they may secure the best works at the very moment: of publication, and before their prices in England render them available to any but the subscribers to the great libraries. Of this feature of the Colonial Library we are specially reminded by the latest) volumes to nand, wnicn are just announced in England in their three-volume stage. The library now includes 130 volumes, excellently printed on good paper, and covering: as regards their contents almost every class of literature. Of the lighter kind the works before us are excellent samples. ' Blanche, Lady Falaise,' by J. H. Shorthouse, is put forward by the author as a contribution to the study of 'spiritual pathology.' 'Sir Pereival,' it may be remembered by readers, had a similar motif, but to that production ' Blanche, Lady Falaise' is superior, if in is not, as ftlr. Short house appears to believe, the best thing he has yet dene. Blanche Boteraux becomes the fiancee of a popular preacher, the Rev. Paul Damerle, attracted by his philanthropic pro fessions rather than his personality. The popular preacher soon discloses himself in his true character of a scoundrel, and jilts Blanche for a lady of greater wealth. Blanche re proaches not Damerle but herself. ' I lured him on,' she says. 'He is ruined for life — body and soul; he is ruined for life — he who was so great and good, and it is I who have done it.' Afterwards she marries Lord Falaise 'premier viscount of England,' but her sense of responsibility for the sin of Damerle is still and to the end an obstacle to her happiness. On this study of 'egoism masking as remorse' the whole story turns, and like others from the same pen 'Blanche, Lady Falaise' must be described as a character-novel 'rather than one of plot or striking inci dent. 'Tim,' by a nameless author, is the story of a sickly child whose mother is dead and whose father is ? in India. Reared in the country by an old nurse he has beside her only one friend, the grandson of a neighboring squire. The story is taken up with Tim's friendship for Carol Darley, who in health and physical appearance is Tim's antithesis, and their life at Eton. The plot ia interesting, though the conclusion is mournfully tragic But for its employment by Lord Lytton, 'A Strange Story' would have been an apter title than the one given by ' Lanoe Falconer' to her latest work, ' Cecilia de NoeL' A number of people, guests in a haunted mansion, have their religious sincerity and the practical value of their several creeds subjected to the test of the sudden appearance of a ghost, which visits each person separately, and in explanation of its presence states that for sins committed in life against its fellow creatures, it has been shut up in an unimaginable loneliness,' from which- it endeavors to escape by appearing to living people. To one guest, a lady of rigid evangelical views, and able to combine a cheerful disposition with the firm belief in j endless torment as the inevitable doom of the vast majority of mankind, the apparition suggests only a confirmation of her faith, and presents itself as an illustration of a righteous retribution for evil. A popular preacher, but in practice a veritable worldling, is appalled by a fear prompted by the ghostly sight that all that he has been preaching is a delusion, and is converted to a belief in the reality of unseen things. A votaress of Theosophy is next applied to for an answer to the question which in different forms the unhappy visitant puts to each—' Is there nothing but this dark void beyond when life falls away from us?' Obtaining no satisfaction from this source the ghost finally appears to Cecilia de Noel — ' one of those rare souls who make the existence of a loving God credible by_ the unvarying and unfailing love which they them selves exercise. :' Pity overcomes Cecilia in the terror inspired at first by the sight, and she answers the old question with the words : — ' ' Dear fellow spirit,'I cannot tell you what I know ; but let me take you in my arms; rest for an instant on my heart, and perhaps I may make you feel what I feel all around us.' And as I spoke I threw my arms around the shadowy form and strained it to my breast. » And I felt as if I were pressing to me only air, but air colder thau any ice, £so that my heart seemed to stop beating, and I could hardly breathe. But I still clasped it closer and closer, and as I grew colder it seemed to grow less chill. And at last it spoke, and the whisper was not far away, but near. It said — 'It is enough: now I know what God is !! ' The author explains that her intention is not to controvert any of the forms of belief or unbelief entertained by Cecilia's predecessors, but to show that by themselves they are unsatisfying, and that ' the thought of the unseen realities can only be endured by a spirit strengthened by a divine companion.' « We have received from Messrs. E. A. Petherick & Co., of Rundle- street, an early copy of Mr. Rudyard Kipling's latest work, entitled 'The City of Dreadful Night and Other Places.' In addition to the story from which it takes its name the volume (which is published at Is.) contains — 'Among the Rail way Folk,' 'The Giridah Coalfields,' and 'In an Opium Factory.''1 It may be worth mentioning that the dreary title of the thoroughly characteristic book is meant to symbolise Calcutta, concerning which centre of Indian life much that is amusing, much that is saddening, and more that is interesting i3 written. Description rather than narrative is the function of the work, but always bright, novel, and effective are the author's methods, so that, unless something really important in tervenes, the reader who begins on the first page will not be satisfied until he has reached the 96th, whichis also the last. 