YOU CAN'T DO IT. 1 1 liercisnosiichwonlahjcan t, wild thnold Dhilosopiicr, ;ui he put tho small boy wrong side up across ids knee and applied a birch to the seat of learning uh an incentive to the brain at tins opposite pole to do its work. lint tne out geiuienmu was au wrong, as most philosophers have been from time im memorial. The word does exist, and, worse still, with it the condition of negative impo tence which defies grammar in all its branches and all pedagogues in schools and pulpits. There are million.! of things you can t do, and you know it ; but it is only the small boy who gets licked for acknowledging it. You can't even lie gracefully unless you area politician, and you can't get anybody to pretend to believe you when you do, unless you happen lo be a protectionist tarill- monger, tinkering with figures, and have a following largely composed of billet-hunters. You can't stand 011 the roof of another man's head aii(l launch yourself into space, and turn a treble somersault and calculate exactly which of your features you will land on, un less you happen to be a 'Crag:, or a tom-cat, or a ghost nut ol" bread's Christinas number of the L'r.riiiw. You c.m't believe in more than 50 per cent, of anything you see or hear, until you have got hold of it and whanged it up against something hard to give the sawdust a chance of trickling out; you can't go to a pantomime without hearing some of the old vheores that your nurse gave you to cut your first lentil 1171011 ; and you can't help acknowledging that you are a miserable kind of sinner nnd a worthless sort of person generally, if you go to church once a week (.which, of course, you ought to do, but probably don't), it is a cold world, and there are very few certainties that you can bet on every time with absolute safety. A list of these will be be published shortly ; but in tlic meantime 1h» ro is one lo which your attention may be advantageously di rected. You can (and ought, if you value your iifo and comfort) invest money with a sense of perfect security in the purchase of Luxene, the new illurninanr. That is to say, if you want a pure, brilliant, steady, odorless and bountiful light to make your path through life pleasant, and your way peaceful. Especially should you, if you do not desire to emulate the rocket in its flight and the stick thereof in its descent, determine to lmvo this oil, and tins, only, iu your house. You cttii do this at a very small co.-:t . Among the things you ctm'f- do, 'ho 'good enough to charge your memory with this-- You can't afford to no without Luxene ; and the word " can't." in that connection, is fraught with deadly importance, as thousands of those who have gone before could testify if they would. 