Primitive Methodist Connexion. DISTETOT MEETING. The annual asseembly oi the Brisbase distriot of the Primitive Methodist connexion oom menceod its sessieons, in the Ent etreet Church, on Saturday morning last. The retiring pre sident (the Rev. W. Powell) presided at the reoeption of delegates. after which the follow. ing efoers were appointed :-President, the Dev. J. A. Taylor, of this town; vioepresi dent, Mr. George Hawkins; ecretery, the Rev.'E. T. Llord ; sheet seoretaries, the Reva, J. Prose and T. Nook; atet seoretary, the Revo. M. Webster; lotter-writers, the Beve. M. Frx aed T. Smith; reader, the Rev. P. autool r'porter to the press, the Eev. W. Smith. The other bsionese attended to was re oeiving pubhoriptiona for "'uperaounated muiiter;s, widows, sad orphan funood," the re. oeptlon of the "Oircuits reports," and the reports rom the various vommittees. In con neetion with the latter, some important cog gotions were made. On Saturday night a Temperance meeting we- held in the church in East-setreet. There was a very good' attendance, and the Rev. 3. A. Taylor condioted the opening csremonies The BSnd tendered appropriate selections and hymns 'ducrloe the meeting. Mr. E. 'W. HaEGoEVeS presided. and. in introducing the speakers, coutrasted the differ eoaes of opinion that eoated in the public mind on tihe question of.temperanue now and forty fire years ago. At the commencement of the fight against the drink trafio, if a minister of religion introdoed the enhjeot lI the pulpit, he was prompiy oited before the authoritiese. and warned that be muet not toluch npon matters that were "foreign" to Cbhristiaulty. while a layman that held very etrong views on the questinon wease regarded as being eccentrie if not altogether "pecaliar," aod might depend upon receiving sometard knooks if he ventured to force his views upon the community. Ueder these cironmetances " .f God's stamp had not been put upon tbshe cause. it would long aego 'ave died out." Now all this whe ohanged. and it was regardedas quite "reepectahble" to be a teetoealler, so that those who were carryicg on the work, coaid do so with an amount tof pleasure that wab neknown in olden times. Mr. . Mooaosa se was the frst to address ,he meeting, He briefly referred to the oerinting bres and the extended euse of ldbtioilty,and otib~birgratloentions of modero mankind. There- re 'one thing howevokeihe seed. that ?ad? een.inventead and sad been a aarse from the .egineing, bringing destroopson ad inhisery into many homes-and that was drink. (Applause.) Ode and alt should ~ltte t- put this down, 'and to declere tha bhy Ood', graoe and help they would have nothing to do eith it. 'TPhe Ree. B. T.Lcorn meld that in theawok of the Lord, niall kinds and elases of people were persmitted to take part, and in temperasnce work this was pre- eminoently so. It wasee one of the moat hopeful signs that they bIad the raklr hnad?l eon their side. Then they oad some of the grandest men:that the wodld had erver msen. some of the fsstintalleolk ad sladlng menoT tbhe day gbting :hboulder to shoulder for the promotion of temperanuo prinoiples. Whean they counted thb number physieiana, of menrof oscience, of legislators, and of men in the oom. men walks of life that wets intheir ranukt, it madeonend ef the grandnet anries that the world had cver sen. Wheh they reoolleoted that they had with thrnm anseth men as Sir 'Wilfred, Lawson, in the House of 'Commons, a the late OCrdinal Manning and Caono Wilbtherforce, it wa? mposuible hat to find them standing -irm opon this question. Another hopeful alg was the stand the ladies were taking. (Applase.) Lately 500 represetatives women of.b the English epeaking natioan of the world assembled at B ston to take eotion ino the temperanoe sanue, and their motto was "for God, home, end oountry."and their determination to work on noil they r had effetually riowned the work hey:b.ad begun.. (A?pplause.? They met in the largest hall of theb town, hut thepeople osne to hear them In such numbers that eventually they lled threae of the largestplaes thntoold beloanel in it. Morning, soun, and night therse phasemm were crowded with people int terested itn the temperance movement. Thee he had re ad the other day .that in England there wera 8,000 miniaters of the Gospel of that lead osound teetotallers. The moment was paieing onward, but they moet never stand atill till ther, got total prohibition. (Applause.) This weas the goal thWt they were aiming at, for it meant liber, tion to the slave, the making of -homes pecel .1 and happy, sad the taking away of all t:hat was destructive to human comfort. The Rev. Mark Guy Pearese, when be visited the S tate of Maine in Amerios, said that he found it filled with some of the finest hotels in the a ord, but not a drop of liquor was to be got at t hem. If a man wanted that he would have . eneak into the by.ways be. lore he would to d some one that wonid take the riak of seH?i? "it to him. This waspraoc tioally prohibition, for the people recognised that the taking o f liquor carried with it• a lose of moral a esate. (Applause.) 'YeT the people there wo -re prosperono, andrime wna reduced to seat I a minimum that the polisce were not we nted. In the eolony at the present tim ', acording to one of the metropolitan jo -naas, we were spending Is. a week per head of t htpoptlation in drisk. If we could only keep that for some useful work, it would relieve t he unemployed, and bring prosperity at one to oar towns. (Ap plause.) In Melhboerne th y tried local optison, but lost the vote, beao?se eoase of the people were afraid that if carried ?it would depreoiate the value of property. The argument that the local optiosiets need against that was that the valne of property wae not a the bricks ned mortar, but in the sbrength of the arms of the people that made them and ,oailt the houses, and that anything that tended to destroy the strength of those arme mest ten I to depreciate the value of property, (Appl, unse.) If we colld make men eober we could make things presper, but not till then. (Applh ose.) The Bev hi. Pooo said thai it was about eighty years since the temperanoe q slettion was roacly brought forward, and it then at arMted with sir men. Now they had an army of 4i500,000 on their side. (ApplasCe.) Then t, he senti ment was growing, aend espeoally so in the churches. He naw it etated receotly ci st out of 2,732 000 ministers in the Oongreg. stional ChOuroh. 1,850 000 were pledged abt in te, (Applaose.) He also saw another state meat that oet of 300 pastors in the Weeol yan Miniatry only two were not ahataniere, and in their own denomination "9 per oent. of the misietero were total abhstainers, and th e thirtl five that were in gaeeneland were on the right ide. (Applause.) Thesentimentin the Christiae Ohurohee would soon be so etrong that if a eandidate for the Ministry declared againest abstinenaoe it would block his way to admisasion, (Applanue.) In the opper ciroles the movemoent was groawing sto m?ch that wine nad I?c?n lanuh.,b lrnOm Lte Wlt. fHlue. ,v..r on 0*0te occionoe. and even 13Her Mrjety the Qzeen did not enisn upen it bring on :he tahle if it were not the will of bher guerte. In many commercial ceonerna in England aonl the colonies clan, totl ststinence wa iunsisted upon as a qualfication for employmenot. People. too, had got over their old pr judice that mren ?nuld not do without their beer at work. when they rsaw that the beet workmen were invari ably teetotallers. The Women's Christian Tem perance Union had thrown their mortel i·iotlence :no the scale in the w ork of upliftilg humanity, end the work meust naesuredly go on and proe. per. (Applauec.) The Ite. A. H. SETOKOB also espke forcibly at length on the question, dwtllhg principally on the nwonderful results that were being at. tained now that women were mning their ruao. ence on the side of temperance. Several of the addresses were interspersed with humorous aoneodotes, and the meeting, which had been an enthusainseti one throughout, was brought to a oloee by the singing of the dooloegy. On Sunday morning, the Rev. W. Smith, cf Briebaoe, oooupied 'he pulpit, end preached a forcible and logical sermon from the text, "He that hath my commandmeats,aed keepeth them, he it ie that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifeat myself to bim.' Judas eaith onto him. non Isocariot., ' Lord, how is it thou will manifeet thyself on. to ua, and not unto the world?' Jeans answered and said unto him, * If a man lore me, he will keep my worde, and my Father will love him, and we wil comer unto him, en. make .cur abode with him.'" This test the puacher need to discourse upon Christianity ua a revelation to the heart. The maine poinmt touched upon were that Christianity waee a revelation of the spirituoal in man, and then it was a revelntion of Iae Divine love and presenace of the Father with the Soin an ineparable anion. The law of this revelation was love to Chri.t and obediense to His law. There was a very good congregation. In the afternoon a cemp meeting wae held under the large fig trees at the top of Lime. atone Bill. Early n the afternoou ssveral of the ministers, under the eouduutorship of the rev. P. Auton, aesembled at the fountain, when addreasees were given by. Mr. T. Harding and others. Headed by the Bsudaberg Braes Band they then marehed to the place of meet leg in the Park, and verg soon quite a large congregation had seaembled, and the open.air mealing in the cool ofbhe:afternoon. was quite? enjoyable. The Rev. W. Smith conduoted the servioe, and, in his opinion, saidithat it waq ae esseuttl doctrine of their oreed that thee be lievedin the strong pereonality of the Holy Ghost, ansod its power to be with them for great good, This fo arniabed the keynoto for the follow mg speakers, and atirrisgtaddreeseal were given by the Reve. Foggon and Banith and Meara. Moorhouse and Brown. Eahob twelt upon the necessity of personal conversion tr .rist,and wealistenedetowithattention. Several hymn were asung heartily by thore preaent, the hbad rendering material asistance in the musical portion of the programme.. . The prououeouog of the benediction brought to a close this modern day " eermon on the mouant " Is the er-ning a publio lovefeast was held in the Eastutrteet chureh, conduneted by the Rev. -. Lyttleton aod Mr. Moorhouase.' There wae a large attendanae, and the prooeedings were ehasraoteried by a spirit of earnest de oction. Love.feaeits of a similar ature were held ib the Basie Pocket, Silkatone, Black stone, and Bundaba ohberohes. 