[?] THE Sip OF BAWYOE. ? ' ' . ? : — * ? . CHAPTER IX.— (Continued.) What was it seemed to check me as I spoke, to choke back the words that forced themselves to my lips— words of admiration, pity, love ? Yes, for here in this dingy study, amidst surroundings fit to ronse loathing and disgust, Kathleen's merits seemed to shine with even purer brilliancy; the child was so young, 'so iair, so neipiess. ? a.u hib chivalry of my nature was roused as it had never been in the case of any other well-nurtured, carefully sheltered young lady; ' Bui Kathleen herself, absolutely deyoidtof all suspicion of coquetry, did not seek to lead me on : whenever my words grew warmer, she seemed to freeze into jstiff ness,' and. lay undue emphasis on the word ' friend.' Friend — but their greetings ; why should we be so distant, so, chilly ? Well, she knew besljnqidoubt ; and thus our talk grew more and more disjointed. ' Am I to go to-morrow, Kathleen? Tasked, putting on an air of almost stern; defiance. 'If you wish it,' she said falteringly. ' You know I do not wish it ; but how about that man, that tyrant, whom you seem to trust more than you do me? What did you promise him ?' ? I promised to ask you to go,' she said, a smile breaking like sunshine through her tears. ' I never answered for you ; if you choose to be disagreeable, I sup pose I cannot prevent it.' I could not help laughing at the feminine will which, even in so critical a case, could manage to evade the spirit while carrying out the letter of the law. I began to think Kathleen a bettermatch for, her ? master than I had : supposed. '. ' He is not coming here to-morrow,' pursued Kathleen ; ' if you like to stay he cannot molest you.' ' Why, Kathleen, do you think I am afraid ?' I' cried bravely ; 'it is for you I care,: lest lie should hurt one little hair of your dear head.' i Hush ! what was that?' she said suddenly, starting and pressing closer to . mo in her fear- — ' that noise 1 Is there some one listening ? hark !' ? We both kept silent and strained our : ears, but heard no sound except the wind moaning gently round the windows. ' How nervous you are !' I said re assuringly. ' There is nothing ; you should not have such fancies. What possible danger can you fear— burglars?' ' No,' she said, smiling feebly ; ' there is nothing to steal. But it is very late ; we must say good-riight.' 'Good-night, dear,' I said, with a yearning iri my voice ; I longed to take ? her to my heart and comfort and keep .her safe. / ; ' Good-night,' she said gently ; 'and : thank you for all your goodness to me, dear friend.' We separated : I went my way and she ? went liers, to the other side of the house ; but I could not rest in peace. I left my door ajar lest anything should occur which necessitated my presence ; and was it a dream of a fancy ? but I could have sworn I heard soft footsteps steal along the passage . some two hours later, and some one noiselessly turn the key in the room I had once seen .Myles enter. ? ? The room where I had found that blood-stained handkerchief ! ' Visions,' I said to myself, looking out and neither hearing nor seeing anything more ; '. visions, ghosts, phantoms born of cerebral excitement ; and I myself be coming a believer in absurd spiritual manifestations ?' CHAPTER X. After -the strangely disturbed night, ! which seemed to be the normal condition of this remarkable household, it was disappointing enough to find Myles, querulous and irritable, but in his ordinary condition, the next morning. Kathleen was making tea when I appeared in the breakfast-room— having fallen into a heavy doze just before daylight, and consequently overslept myself— and greeted me with her usual cordiality.' Nevertheless, there was an almost imperceptible touch of timidity in her voico which had been absent the previous evening ; and she kept her eyes bent down, pretending to be busily engaged in watching the pot. Myles, contrary to liis general habits, did not appear- to . have breakfasted, and evidently expected I should bear him company in tho meal. Seeing that I. ate little, for indeed sleeplessness and preoccupation had robbed me of appetite, he rallied mo on my indisposition. 1 Can't eat ? Faith, that's the London life and your fine gentleman's habits. Stay hero a bit, get up early, take a ride or a row before breakfast, and you'll Bee. When 1 was young I could eat with any man;'' he'added' with a sigh. '? It's very expensive to have a, lurgo appetite,' I said, trying to joke, with but very poor success, I fear. 'That's the worst of it,' said Myles, relapsing into cynical moodiness. ' ij .the empty stomachs , only/ had what the gorged fools i waste, it' 'ud be better for all parties.' ' At any rate, ovoryono in Ireland is better off than ho used to be,' .1 said lightly, seeing I had stumbled on tho wrong topic. ' Tho sting of poverty lies in tho luck of others,', said Myles bitterly. ' No one would caro if we were all alike. But why some devil who has never dene a good turn to anybody should have all blessings, and others as clever, as sharp, as deserving, not get a crumb, beats me. Why should Providence go by favour ? and what makes people to be picked out by Him, I neyef can understand. It isn't merit, for there's none in half of 'em ; and tho best people may starve or go haug for all Providonco cares.' ' Hush, father ! that isn't what the priest says;' put in Kathleen gently. {To bo Continued.) 