"How Shall we deoide the Qaeetion ?' Now, which fa tho svorso- to Jiavo no appe tite forynnr dlnnor, or to havo no dlnnor for 700 appetite i There ato tote nf people nn one ridn or tho nlhor of th'x quovtion. When "good diufn- lion wait on appetito ana health on both, that in tho Ideal nttllndo of a person towards -Ids meals, Hut most of ns aro not blos»od in that way j wo cither have too much brad without nn appetite, or a vigorous nppotlto without enough to rallefy it. DiiToront folk will nnsw«r this quoslion differently, yet tho. common fcn«o of it is that, within rcavonnllo limits, it is hotter to havo an appotito withoot n dinner, becan«o, Miort of tho wtsrvatlon line, a hungry man i ft healthy man ; whereas a man who onght to cat and doesn't fool liko eating, stands In ncod of " alterations and repairs." fo illustrate. Wo rooontly reoelted a com- mnoioAtion in whioh tlio writer says, " I was afraid to cat " Did ho fancy his rood was pvlsonrd, or did his nature rebel against tho nnnrfahrnrnt lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear tho myitery himself. Ho trays, "In tho year 1880 I changed my work from railway portor to flsrnatmnn. 1 bad been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My month tasted bsd, so that ordinary articles ui mei, rsomnii m inco invir u»vi<ur ; mu palate, to put It in that wRy, appoarod to have nothing to say to them. One tiling was liko another, and none was good. My tuuguo was roated and furred, with a dark lino down the middto and yellow for round it. My breath was offeudva and ray appetite poor, with pains through tho chost and shoulders, which- wore alwnys right before I had colon nny thing. Then 1 was grontly troubled with wind. It wonld gather soil feltlilto a ball iu my throat, and act as if it would ohoko me." Wo cannot wonder that under theeo circum stances oar friend fsih-d to do jn«Uco to his meals. He adds that thcro was what ha calls " a pricking sensnliou " at Ids heart, as though it wero touched with some sharp instrument. Thon, again, nt limes ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which wti to sitvoru that tho aweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he eaya, tho thought of eating, and many a scanty meal havo I rasdo, for I was afraid to eat. " After a timo I got Into a tow, wesk, ner vous condition, and fott misrrabio, as if foino- thing was going to happen, and this oauscd mo to lose a good doal of sloop." What ho means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of eume calamity, such as tho loss of his position, his own death, or tho deaili of eomebudy dear to him. This was duo. as ho intimates, to the impoveri-hod "tato of his bluod Mho llfo bearer), his unsirmig nerves, and to tho brain cnfeoblod by lack of nourishment. Tho night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, tho creatures of a restless and tin- governed imagination. " With great diflloulty," ho an ye, " I stuck to my work, foyl had a wifo and family de pending on mo. 80 1 struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years Is past uty powers of description. I am saro no ono has suffered to in 11 oh as I havo done." la the tatter statement he Is undoubtedly wrong, Ono'eown pain is ono'a owu, and is always harder to bear than is ono s notion 01 hln neighbour's pain. Tht-ro Is a nomitloss niiiltitado who arc all tho while going through tho Aamo wretched oxpononoo, only wo doo't. happen to come in t inch with thorn. Well, tho writer tlaaliy mentions tint after nil medical trcxtmoot had loft him wheroit found him ho chanced to road in a book of a esse exactly like his own having bron cured by Mother Seigol's Syrnp. " My wife," h> says, " got me abottlont Mr. Lang-ttff's. In Wood- lesford, and after u»i"g its contents tho ailment left mo and ka< cover returned »iuee that fortunato day. I ahoold liko tho wbdo world to know what it did for ran. 1 havo been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) " oeortut Hunt, " Cnr Hottom Road, " Apperloy liridgo, noar Leeds." Wo publish this by Mr. Hunt s desiro,in order that part of tho world at least may know how thsu'tlui ho is end for what reason. 85 