OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. By H. Rider Haggard. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XV. THE DEATH OF THE KING'S SLAYERS. When Umslopogaas heard these words his heart was heavy, and a great anger, burned in his breast, for he thought that I, Mopo was dead with the rest of his house, and he loved me. But he said nothing; only, watching till none were looking, he slipped past the backs of the captains and won the door of the hut. Soon he was clear of the kraal, and, run- ning swiftly, crossed the river and came to the Ghost Mountain. Meanwhile, the captain asked the headman of the kraal if he knew anything of such a youth as him for whom they sought. The headman told the captain of Galazi the Wolf, but the captain said that this could not be he, for Galazi had dwelt many moons upon the Ghost Mountain. " There is another youth," said the headman; "a stranger, fierce and strong and tall, with eyes that shine like spears. He is in the hut now ; he sits yonder in the shadow." The captain rose and looked into the shadow, but Umslopogaas was gone. "Now, this youth is fled," said the headman, "and yet none saw him fly! Perhaps he also is a wizard ! Indeed, I have heard that now there are two of them upon the Ghost Mountain, and that they haunt there at night with the ghost wolves, but I do not know if it is true." " Now, I am minded to slay you," said the captain in wrath, " because you have suffered this youth to escape me ! With out doubt it is Umslopogaas, son of Mopo." " It is no fault of mine," said the head- man. "These young men are wizards, who can pass hither and thither at will. But I say this to you, captain of the king, if you will go on the Ghost Mountain, you must go there alone with your sold iers, for none of these parts dare to tread upon that mountain." " Yet I shall dare tomorrow," said the captain. " We grow brave at the kraal of Chaka. There men do not fear spears of ghosts or wild beasts or magic, but they fear the king's word alone. The sun sets-give us food. Tomorrow we will search the mountain." Thus, my father, did this captain speak in his folly-he who should never see another sun. Now, Umslopogaas reached the moun- tain, and when he had reached the forest -of which he had learned every secret way-the darkness gathered, and the wolves awoke in the darkness and drew near howling. Umslopogaas howled in answer, and presently that great wolf Deathgrip came to him. Umslopogaas called him by his name ; but, behold ! the brute did not know him, and flew at him growling. Then Umslopogaas remember- ed that the she wolf's skin was not bound about his shoulders, and therefore it was that the wolf Deathgrip knew him not. For though in the daytime, when the wolves slept, he might pass to and fro without the skin, at night it was not so. He had not brought the skin, because he must not wear it in the sight of the men of the kraal, lest they should know him for one of the Wolf- Brethren, and it had not been his plan to seek the mountain again that night, but rather on the morrow. Now Umslopogaas knew his danger was great indeed. He beat back Deathgrip with his kerrie, but others were behind him, for the wolves gathered fast. Then he bounded away towards the cave, and he was so swift of foot that the wolves could not catch him, though they pressed him hard, and though the teeth of one of them tore his moocha. Never before did he run so fast, and in the end he reached the cave and rolled the rock to, and as he did so the wolves dashed themselves against it. Then he clad him- self in the hide of the she wolf, and, push ing aside the stone, came out. And, lo ! the eyes of the wolves were opened, and they knew him for one of the brethern who ruled over them, and slunk away at his bidding. "Now, Umslopogaas sat himself down at the mouth of the cave waiting for Galazi, and he thought. Presently Galazi came, and in a few words Umslopogaas told him all his tale. "You have run a great risk, my brother," said Galazi. " What now ?" "This," said Umslopogaas : "these people of ours are hungry for the blood of men ; let us feed them full on the sold iers of Chaka, who sit yonder at the kraal seeking my life. I would take vengeance for Mopo, my father, and all my brethern who are dead, and for my mothers, the wives of Mopo. What say you ?" Galazi laughed aloud. " That will be merry; my brother," he said. " I weary of hunting beasts, let us hunt men to- night." "Ay, tonight," said Umslopogaas, nodding. "I long to look upon that captain as a maid longs for her lover's kiss. But first let us rest and eat, for the night is young; then, Galazi, summon our impi." So they rested and ate, and afterwards went out armed, and Galazi howled to the wolves, and they came in tens and in twenties till all were gathered together. Galazi moved among them, shaking the Watcher, as they sat upon their haunches, and followed him with their fiery eyes. " We do not hunt game tonight, little people," he cried, " but men, and ye love the flesh of men." Now all the wolves howled as though they understood. Then the pack divided themselves as was their custom, the she wolves following Umslopogaas, the dog wolves following Galazi, and in silence they moved swiftly down towards the plain. They came to the river and swam it, and there, eight spear throws away, on the further side of the river was the kraal. Now, the Wolf-Brethren took counsel to- gether, and Galazi, with the dog-wolves, went to the north gate, and Umslopogaas with the she-wolves, to the south gate. They came there safety and in silence, for at the bidding of the brethren the wolves ceased from their howlings. The gates were stopped with thorns, but the breth- ren pulled out the thorns and made a pas [The sole right of publication in West Aus- tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] sage. As they did this it chanced that certain dogs in the kraal heard the sound of the stirred boughs, and awakening, caught the smell of the wolves that were with Umslopogaas, for the wind blew from that quarter. The dogs ran out barking, and presently they came to the south gate of the kraal, and flew at Um- slopogaas, who pulled away the thorns. Now, when the wolves saw the dogs they could be restrained no longer, but sprang on them and tore them to fragments, and the sound of their worrying came to the ears of the soldiers of Chaka and of the dwellers in the kraal, so that they sprang from sleep, snatching their arms. And as they came out of the huts they saw in the moonlight a man wearing a wolf's hide rushing across the empty cattle kraal, for the grass was long and the cattle were out at graze, and with him countless wol- ves black and grey. Then they cried aloud in terror, saying that the ghosts were on them, and turned to flee to the north gate of the kraal. But, behold! here also they met a man clad in a wolf's skin only, and with him countless wolves, black and grey. Now, some flung them- selves to earth screaming in their, fear, and some strove to run away, but the greater part of the soldiers, and with them some of the men otthe kraal, came together in knots, being minded to die like men at teeth of the ghosts, and that though they shook with fear. Then Um- slopogaas howled aloud, and howled Galazi, and they flung themselves upon the soldiers and the people of the kraal, and with them came the wolves. Then a crying and a baying rose up to heaven as the grey wolves leaped and bit and tore. Little they heeded the spears and kerries of the soldiers. Some were killed, but the rest did not stay. Presently the knots of men broke up, and to each man wolves hung by twos and threes, dragging him to earth. Some few fled, indeed, but the wolves hunted them by gaze and scent, and pulled them down before they passed the gates of the kraal. Soon all were down, and there was nothing to be heard but the noise of worrying and of the dreadful death of men. The Wolf-Brethren also ravened with the rest. Busy was the Watcher, and many howled beneath him, and often the spear of Umslopogaas flashed in the moonlight. It was finished; none were left living in that kraal, and the wolves growled sullenly as they took their fill, they who had been hungry for many days. Now, the brethren met, and laughed in their wolf joy, because they had slaught- ered those who were sent ont to slaughter. They called to the wolves, bidding them search the huts, and the wolves entered the huts as the dogs enter a thicket, and killed those who lurked there, or drove them forth to be slain without. Present- ly a man, great and tall, sprang from the last of the huts, where he had hidden himself, and the wolves outside rushed on him to drag him down. But Umslopogaas beat them back, for he had seen the face of the man : it was that captain whom Chaka had sent out to kill him. He beat them back, and stalked up to the captain, saying: "Greeting to you, captain of the king ! Now tell us what is your errand here, beneath the shadow of her who sits in stone ?" and he pointed with his spear to the grey Witch on the Ghost Mountain, on which the moon shone bright. Now, the captain had a great heart, though he had hidden from the wolves, and answered boldly " What is that to you, wizard? Your ghost-wolves have made an end to my errand. Let them make an end of me also." " Be not in haste, captain," said Um- slopogaas. " Say, did you not seek a certain youth, the son of Mopo ?" " That is so," answered the captain. " I sought one youth, and I have found many evil spirits," and he looked at the wolves tearing their prey, and shuddered. " Say, captain," quoth Umslopogaas, drawing back his hood of wolf's hide so that the moonlight fell upon his face, "is this the face of that youth whom you sought?" " It is the face," answered the captain, astonished. "Ay," laughed Umslopogaas, "it is the face. Fool ! I knew your errand and heard your words, and thus have I an- swered them," and he pointed to the dead. "Now, choose, and swiftly. Will you run for your life against my wolves? Will you do battle for your life against these of our?" and he pointed to Greysnout and to Blacksnout, to Blood and toDeathgrip, who watched him with slavering lips ; "or will you, stand face, to face with me, and if I am slain, with him who bears the club, and with whom I rule this people black and grey ?" "I fear ghosts, but of men I have no fear, though they be wizards," answered the captain. "Good," cried Umslopogaas, shaking his spear! Then they rushed together, and that fray was fierce. For presently the spear of Umslopogaas was broken in the shield of the captain and he was left weaponless. Now, Umslopogaas turned and fled swiftly, bounding over the dead and the wolves who preyed; upon them, and the captain followed with uplifted spear, and mocked him as he came. Galazi also wondered that Umslopogaas should fly from a single man. Hither and thither fled Umslopogaas, and always his eyes were on the earth. Of a sudden, Galazi, who watched, saw him sweep forward like a bird and stoop to the ground, Then he wheeled round, and lo ! in his hand there was an axe. The captain rushed at him, and Umslopogaas smote as he rushed, and the blade of the great spear that was lift- ed to pierce him fell to the ground hewn from its haft. Again Umslopogaas smote: the moon-shaped axe sank through the stout shield deep into the breast beyond. Then the captain threw up his arms and sank to the earth. "Ah !" cried Umslopogaas, ''you sought a youth to slay him, and have found an axe to be slain by it ! Sleep softly, cap- tain of Chaka.'' Then Umslopogaas spoke to Galazi, saying : " My brother, I will fight, no more with the spear, but with the axe alone; it was to seek an axe that I ran to and fro like a coward. But this is a poor thing! See, the halt is split because of the greatness of my stroke! Now, this is my desire-to win that great axe of Jikiza, which is called Groan-Maker, of which we have heard tell, so that axe and club may stand together in the fray." "That must be for another night," said Galazi. "We have not done so ill for once. Now, let use search for pots and corn, of which we stand in need, and then to the mountain before dawn finds us." Thus, then, did the Wolf-Brethren bring death on the impi of Chaka, and this was but the first of many deaths that they wrought with the help of the wolves. For ever they ravened, through the land at night, and, falling on those they hated, they ate them up, till their name and the name of the ghost- wolves became terrible in the ears of men, and the land was swept clean. Bat they found that the wolves would not go abroad to worry everywhere. Thus, on a certain night, they set ont to fall upon the kraals of the People of the Axe, where dwelt the chief Jikiza, who was named the uncon quered, and owned the axe Groan-maker, but when they neared the kraal the wolves turned back and fled. Then Galazi re- membered that dream which he had dreamed, in which the Dead One in the cave had seemed to speak, telling him that there only where the men-eaters had hunted in the past night the wolves hunt today. So they returned again, but Um slopogaas set himself to find a plan to win the axe. (To be continued.) 