IN dealing with the matter of small holdings, or of the planting of a con tented peasant proprietary upon the soil, we are accustomed to hear that in this, as in many other things, they do if much better in France. Seeing that this small holdings question is.of great and fast increasing importance in Aus tralia, it is worth while to ascertain if this superiority on : the part of our Gallic contemporaries is as stated. We have the French peasant pictured to os as the man who, in most cases, tills his own land, content with an, allotment if he cannot get a little farm, and with a patch if he cannot get an allotment. He is, we are told, an adept at intense culture, extracts the last ounce of marketable product from his ground without exhausting it, because of his dexterity in the arts pf irrigation and manuring, and, as a rule, is well- to-do in the possession of a competency for himself and his family, and a contented and happy disposition which enables him to smile at misfortune or care. The picture has many truthful lines in it,. but it was taken, more than a quarter of a century since, and the outlines of the subject have now somewhat changed. The great war of 18701 introduced a new era of taxation, which, so it is declared, fell in an unfair degree upon land and all those who made' a living directly from the land. At any rate land values fell in-a few years by 25 per cent., and where the tenant might have made his balance at least partially good,by the-reduced rents which neces sarily followed the fall in land values, ,the new fiscal regulations interposed, under which he compelled to sell his produce at a certain fixed maximum, and, to' buy all such -manufactured articles'.ris he might"require in France, and under a 'greatly enhanced 'price list due : to the’scheme of taxation. All this reads like ancient history, but it is nevertheless of great import ance,'as illustrating how the old order of things with regard to the_French in dependent peasantry began’ to pass away, and how there commenced . that migration ■ from the rural districts to the towns and cities, the like of which is confounding patriotic statesmen the world over. While the total popula tion of France has for some time been practically, at a standstill, the rural population, which includes, in the re turns, all villages or communes of up to 2000 inhabitants, has been rapidly fall ing away. The exact figures cannot be given, as the results of last year’s census are not yet available, but the disparity in favor of the towns aud cities is assumed to amount to several millions. Between 1846 and 1881, the urban population of France rose from 8,600,000 to 13,000,000. In 1846 the rural population was 75 and the urban 25\. per cent, of the whole, but in 1881 the proportions had altered to 65 and 35 per cent respectively. The dispro portion at present is undoubtedly much greater still. Some of the change is due, no doubt, to the introduction of labor-saving machinery, which enables any given amount of farm work to be done- by perhaps... half, the number of hands. • And something is attributable to, the superior attractions of town life, the apparently higher wages, and the abundance of opportunities for the pushing and able worker to raise him self in the social scale. Probably, how ever,-the bulk of the migration to the towns in France as elsewhere is to be found in the allurements of a sup posably brighter and easier life. Our purpose in reverting to all this at such length is to show how the industry of agriculture, as an employer of labor, is falling in popularity over other coun tries besides Australia, and that the usual result of a disproportionate migration to the towns . everywhere follows. Still, French statistics in this regard read fairly well. Out of about seven millions of farmers occupied on the land, and excluding all women, youths, and others not bona fde workers, 2,150,696,- or 31 per cent., were, when the last official returns were collected, working on their own land. Farmers and part owners accounted lor another 14 per cent., while metayers, who are simply workers on shares, gave 5 per cent Then farm- hands; . Receiv ing board and wages, mustered 28 per cent., day laborers 21 per cent., and managers and overseers something less than J-per cent, of the whple, it being remembered, that'if we add to this'7,ooo,ooo of really effective agri cultural workers, the families, <kc., de pendent immediately upon them, we shall have a total of somewhere about eighteen millions, who derive their sus tenance directly from the tillage of the soil. It is a common thing for com paratively small proprietors to “ lend ” a constant laborer a piece of land on which he can grow vegetables or keep a cow. And an Age correspondent de clares that. “ The mass of the-laboring population is composed in' large pro portion gif cultivators attached', to the soil, - which they personally cultivate, borrowing on occasion help from outside, arid giving help to their neighbors when they are short-handed.” The Department of Agriculture, is ever looking after the interest of all who are attached to the soil, and only last year spent over £15,000,000 in this duty. The department has seven branches, the officers of which take separately agriculture, forests, viti culture, irrigation, education, horse breeding; &c.;, &c.; They inspect live and dead meat, regulate fairs and markets, traffic on canals, the prizes at agricultural shows, and many other matters. The State also undertakes, in the interest of the rural, agricul turist, the complete organisation of means for rural agricultural education. The headquarters are in Paris, where it has a very powerful staff, and the full course of instruction lasts two years. Where poverty is proven, there are bursaries available of from lOOOf. downwards; tenable at first for a year, but the holding of. which may, if the student proves himself worthy, be continued to him for the. full course. There are -also,' national -schools of agriculture, with fees from-, £4o'down to £8 a year, and, at Versailles, one of horticulture, the entrance fee at which is 255, which, if the preliminary ex amination is passed, franks the student right through. Below all these are the practical schools of ■ agriculture, of which it is intended to establish one in each district, and carefully reconcile the .matters' taught to the natural ! capacities -and requirements of the locality. In all these fees are light, and those who are too, poor to pay /them can claim a- bursary and go through free. The State subsidises agricultural enterprises and exhibitions at discretion, arid even includes the leading horse races. In return it demands a tax of 3 per cent, on all • amounts passed through the totalisator, and, in the latter half of 1891, the income from this one source was set at £132,000, of which £BB,OOO was allotted to various chari ties, and £44,000 to encouraging the breed of horses. France, in fact, is doing her best to settle and consolidate her agricultural population on the soil. She has proved that large holdings or expensive appurtenances are not neces sary, but that sagacious watchfulness and prompt action on the part of the State-are all important. There is in it all a lesson which Victoria would do well to learn. Ip the invited Ministers attend the complimentary banquet to the member for Windermere on Monday, the occa sion should be utilised to draw atten tion to the long-vexed question of the drainage of the Sebastopol plateau. Some years since a few energetic and enthusiastic mining investors raised . the question of draining the plateau. They brought facts and figures to show that the bed of the plateau, with, its network of golden gutters and golden reefs, was well worth drainage and re exploration. Public opinion, or rather the opinion of that section of the public which was in a position to form an intelligent estimate of the area, was generally-that there \yai a -cer tainty of very.good pickings if only the water were cleared away, and more than a possibility of rich' rema nets and patches after the style of the “Jewellers’ Shops” arid the “Gravel' Pita” -of the.'good old, days. .It' was, ... however, held . that the . .Go vernment should find most, if' not all, of the ' moriey' required, and upon this there arose- a"'' warm; dispute as to. whether ’it' were 'better to drain the plateau by means of an adit driven from low down on the Leigh Creek, 'or by powerful pumping machinery placed on the spot.- Very soon those interested separated into two parties, one being advocates of the adit and the other of pumps. The Government, of course, postponed any serious consideration of the matter until these two parties had settled their differences and were prepared to go unanimously for some single scheme. In the delay which followed public enthusiasm got cool, and by-and-bye the whole thing lapsed. Meanwhile the facts, and indeed the whole case, remain just as they were so many years, ago. That there is gold in the plateau which would well pay for getting out under a not too ex travagant system of drainage is .no where denied, neither is it questioned thatthefield for exploration thusthrown open would in all likelihood, afford a large field of work for unemployed miners,, at a- peculiarly convenient time. Again, it would remove from Ballarat the reproach that, at a period of general mining depression, she has untold wealth underfoot, the existence and even the locality of which is knpwn, but which remains buried for lack of the necessary enterprise to seek for it in the right way. Mr Bcttebi.T will no doubt see that his constituents in the southern end of his electorate look to him to make a move. If all the larger, and more costly schemes : be abandoned or postponed it should not be a very hard thing to devise a plan for pumping such a limited area as is well known to carry good promise of alluvial wealth. Let such an area be selected and fairly tried, the .cost being borne between the Government and the local district. Even moderate success would initiate, anew line for. legitimate enterprise, and to the solv* ing for all time of the great plateaux question. With the verdict of guilty and the sentence of hanging upon the monster Deeming there will come to most folks a sense of satisfaction and relief. No one has ever seriously doubted the guilt of this incarnate fiend, and the delays and endless disquisitions, par ticularly the attempts to save the pri soner’s neck on far-fetched and pre posterous pleas of insanity, were simply aggravations to. the existing, public indignation, tending slightly to weaken public reverence for our system of administering justice. From almost the first, the trail which the blood-stained wretch left behind, him, was nearly as clear as' that of a chimney sweep . upon snow. After the’ damning disclosures at Windsor, and the identification at Western Australia, only one opinion could be- held,' and only one' opinion was held. ;It might have been right, even in the. face of such awful proofs of guilt, to give the. accused every opportunity of rebutting the evidence, although thejmpossibilityof a sufficient defence wasiobvious, from the first.’. The'; Deeming ■'case, .let -us hope, is finally closed except for the- last awful: function of the. law. . But it'teaches the‘urgent need" of some means' of restricting the use of the plea of insanity to cases where there is at least primes facie justification for it. Our Melbourne. correspondent, writing last night, Bays: —“The William* case will onme up before the Executive Council .at its meeting on Monday next, and in all probability.hi* execution will be fired for a fortnight later. The reports from the gaol to-day state that Williams slept well, and is now busily engaged in writing out his reminiscences.' He is said to be recovering his the loss of which he described y-sterdsy, and is now writing to admit that h ■ might have murdered his wife, although he fails to recollect it. He i< now thoroughly impressed with the idea that the' gallows is before him, although he evidently has some faint false hopes' that the insanity business will save hhn. A full aud abject confession is,. how ever, expected from him before he dies, with very probably a hypocritical profession of full repents nee. Dr Manningtnn Caffyn gives it as his opinion that all the supposed epileptic fits were shams, and says that in stinctive criminality aud epilepsy in" the same individual are incompatible.. He looks upon Deaming’s case as an interesting one of atavism nr throwing’back to shine savage ancestor, and considers the convict’s career .as being consistent. He, however, quite agrees with the verdict, and admits the necessity of getting rid of such men as Williams.” We publish in another column an analysis of the.voting at the late Parliamentary elec tion in Ballarat West, kindly furnished by the aeoretaiy to one of the candidates. By the figures there given it will be seen that the most popular combination was Kirtoo and Vale, for whom 890 votes were cast. There were 576 votes foa Smith and Kirton, and 543 for Smith ajid Vale. The numbers of .plumpers' recorded for the various candi dates were—Kirton, 505; Foreter, , 243; Porter, 81; Vale, 44; Smith, 42; and fleany, 40\. / ■ A most cowardly-and unprovoked assault •was committed 'upon Mr J. Harvey, the popular mining manager of the Britannia United Company, about noon . yesterday. Whilst attending upon a young man who had taken a fit two men, not employed at the mine, named William Lawson and Charles Ryan interfered. The former came up to Mr Harvey, and making use of bad language, asked to be allowed to take the young man home. The request was not per mitted, and the manager ordered Lawson off the claim, whereupon the latter struck Mr Harvey a heavy blow in the face. The manager, whilst remonstrating with Lawson, was struck several times in the abdomen by Ryan with heavy pieces of quartz and bricks. Mr Harvey fell to-the ground in a 'd.ized condition. A son of the manager, i seeing what had taken place, immediately went to the police station for assistance, and Constable Gardiner in a few minutes came upon the scene. The victim was then bleed ing profusely from a wound near the- right eye. The offenders made off towards Eureka street, where Lawson resided. Here they were arrested and handcuffed, and were subsequently lodged in the Town lockup on a charge of qnlawful assault. Both men are most unfavorably known to the police. Much sympathy was expressed yesterday for Mr Harvey, who, it is said,- was just recover ing from a severe illness. The accused will be brought before the Town Court this morn ing. An action in which the responsibility of executors is involved was begun yesterday (writes our Melbourne correspondent), when Mr Lee Brown, a sheep- dealer, of Ballarat, sued William Armstrong and Thos, Shaw, the executors of the will of the late R 6. Armstrong, of Salt Creek station, for £lßl7, the price of 5192 sheep, purchased from plaintiff by J. £.' Armstrong, the manager of the station, which was leased to Time, Shaw, one of the executors. The defence is that J, B. Armstrong purchased the sheep for himself and not on behalf of the executors, Shaw and William Armstrong. The court rose for the day when the examination of J. E. Armstrong bad been concluded, ■ The sittings of the Ballarat County Court were commenced yesterday morning, at the Lydiard street Courthouse, before his Honor. Judge Worthington, . The first case taken Wes that of Miller v Hooper,- in which the plaintiff sought to obtain £99 damages lor assault.. L'he assault, was committed on the Melbourne Road on the 19th March; and at the-Town Police Court defendant was fined £5, with',3ss costs. Mr Tnthill appeared for' the ‘plaintiff, anil Mr P«ar*on for the 'defence.l’-, The evidence of the plaintiff, William Miller, was to the effect that on the 19:h.March he mot the defendant, who was driving a timber waggon along the Mel bourne Road. The plaintiff stopped with his handcart'tq let Hooper pass, when the latter, who. was seated ’on the top of the wood, struck him with his whip. Hooper then got down and gave "him a severe .thrashing, . knocking, him down.- and striking his head on the ground. He had not since been able to follow his trade, owing to a dizziness which he. felt. The assault wns not pro voked in any way. Dr Morrison, resident surgeon of the Ballarat Hospital, deposed to having examined the plaintiff. The injuries to his head might have been caused by the hands or stones, and would probably hove caused the feeling of dizziness. The de fendant stated that his horses had been startled by defendant’s dog*, and he had struck at them with a whip. He had got down and thrashed Miller, who had nearly bitten off one of his fingers. John Bull, plumber, Ballarat East, gave evidence in reference to the good character borne by the defendant. The jury, after a somewhat lengthy retirement, brought in a verdict for £lO 10s damages. Judgment was entered' up this amount, costs to be taxed, - The Adelaide express train Wes about 13 minutes late in arriving at the Western rail way station last evening, owing to a delay at Ballarat East caused by the lines being blocked. It seems that twn trucks had by some means got on the line leading from Ballarat to Buninyong, and as the 5 30 train from the latter place was due, it was decided to send it on to Ballarat on a line other than that ordinarily used. While the train was being shunted the points cut, and the fore part of one of the carriages went on the lino. intended, while the rear por tion .was'. transferred 1 ' to another. . The enginedriver, noticing .the mishap," imme diately put the brakes down, and brought the engine to a standstill before 'any serious damage was done. There were 15 passengers on board, all of whom remained perfectly calm', and, in consequence- escaped with nothing more than a frightahd a little incon venience, Knowing that it would take fully an hour to effect a clearance, the station master telegraphed to Warrenheip to detain the 2.45 train from Melbourne, which was .then approaching, and which was due at Ballarat East at 6.25. This train was shunted, on to. a siding at Warrenheip to allow the express to pass. - The line having been .eventually cleared'; the latter: train, after the delay stated, passed nn, and reached Ballarat West safely. The ordinary was delayed for an hour aud a quarter. The local brigades have received notice from Superintendent Crannage, under in structions .from the County Fire Brigades’ Board, that in future they will not be ex pected to answer any alarm of fire outside their own municipal district, excepting in the central division as at present under stood. In the action O'Farrell and Son v Grant, heard at the County Court yesterday, the plaintiffs sought to recover £23, the price of a buggy sold for a client to the defendant. The defendant denied the plaintiffs’ right to sue, ns he had concluded the bargain with the principal himself, who had promised also to supply a pair of buggy lamps and a whip, .which were not forthcoming. The sum of--£2O 17’ 6d bad been paid into court, Mr Salter- appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr Pearson for the defendant. After hear ing the evidence, and arguments of counsel, his Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiffs for £3 in addition to the sum already paid into court, nod £7 2s 6d costs. We are requested by. the Rev, T. R. Cairns In state that he received, by yesterday morn ing’s mail, a letter from Rev. J. H. Mackay, recently of St. John’s Church, Peel street, written on board the s.s. Hohenzollern, and stating that he expected to be in Melbourne on Wednesday (to-day), Mr Mackay had a very serious illness after the death of his wife, and was confined to bed for more than six weeks. He was ordered subsequently to Japan ; for change, and then to Victoria; with the hope that the voyage might prove bene ficial. His friends here will-he pleased to know that , he is", much better already, and hopes to get medical permission'to'return to ,Gorea at once. ' , . .-/T, At the Town Police Court yesterday, before Messrs, Els worth and Robertson, J’s.P., the young 'woman Clara Low, who had be-n arrested the previous evening, was charged with stealing a hat, valued at 4s 61, the property of Ah Mouey. The accused, who was' also’ charged with drunkenness, stated that she took the Chinaman’s hat for a “ joke," without having any felonious in tent. The bench cautioned, prisoner as to her future conduct and discharged her. A young.man, charged with stealing la from a newspaper boy, was also discharged, as the evidence tendered wns very unsatisfactory. Two debt cases were disposed of, and the court adjourned. The correspondence per R.M.S. O üba reached the Ballarat Post Office by train from Adelaide at 7 am. yesterday, and was sent, round by the first delivery. Great satisfaction was expressed at the -Buninyong Borough Council last evening at the action of the Ballarat City Council con cerning the working of the Fire Brigades Act. The present state <>f affairs has been a sore point with our councillors for some time. It is generally hoped in our town that, now Ballarat has taken the matter up, pressure will be brought to bear so that a more satis factory arrangement may be brought about. Among ths cases heard at the County Court, yesterday were the following ; Maher and. O'Meara, executors in the estate of the late Joseph Long-v B. O'Callaghan, to recover £5, money received. A verdict was given for the plaintiffs fortheamnuntclaimed, with £4 13s costs. Dr Radcliffe v John H. Cooper, to recover £2 15s for medical ser vices.-r-Judgment was given for the amount claimed .with £4 7s costs. In the judg ment .summons, John Falconer v John Taylor, £54 la, Mr Finn appeared for the judgment creditor.—His Honor Judge Worthington made an ord»r by consent against the debtor to pay £3O, in monthly instalments of £2, in default of payment of any instalment, four days' imprisonment. The court at its rising adjourned until 10 o'clock this morning. ; A special meeting of the whole of the mom/ bera of the Ballarat Fire Brigade will be called for Monday night next, to consider the terms of lease and rental to be demanded by "the brigade from the Country Fire Brigades’ Board. The members will -also -coudder.their final action in the event of an unsatisfactory answer being received. ' Mr Edward Morey, trading as Edward Morey and Cos., machinery merchants, sued David Munro, machinery merchant, of Mel bourne, at the County Court yesterday to recover the sum of £55 10s. The amount was claimed fur some wire rope, pit-head pulleys, and other mining material supplied in 1890. Mr Pearson appeared for the plaintiff, and there was no appearance for the defence. His Honor gave judgment for the amount claimed, with £lO 12< 6 I costs against the defendant. Thomas Kelly, particulars of whose arrest on a charge of’ obtaining a gold chain from Keble M'Leon by means of false pretence", have already been published in The Star, was brought before the City Police Court yesterday and discharged, as the prosecutor did not appear. An action for slander, brought by Petrus De Beer against Mrs O’Dowd, was heard at. the Ballarat County Court yesterday. The parties are residents of Beaufort, and the alleged slander was the result of a neigh bors' quarrel. The words used were—“ You burned down my eight-roomed house.” The damages named were £49, but the plaintiff did not desire any large, sum in damages, hut merely to clear his character from any imputation, Mr Wynne, instructed by Messrs Cuthbert and Cos., appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Salter for the defendant. After hearing the evidence his Honor gave a verdict for Is damages, with £5 lls coats. Sir Ben Dowling, stock and station agent, Ins reported to the police that a few nights ago a black and tan collie dog, with white chest and throat, was stolen from the kennel in his yard. The dog was valued at £2O. The anniversary of the South street Methodist Church was celebrated last even ing by a tea and public meeting. There was a large attendance at the tea, which was provided by the ladies of the congregation. The tables were presided over by the fol lowing-ladies;—Mesdames Lawson, Bell, Avery, Roberts, Blee, Emery, and Cassells, and the Misses Perrie, West, Roberts, and Avery. At the public meeting the chair was occupied by. Mr J. Roberts, and ad dresses were also delivered by the Revs. E. Turner, Dr Ick, Dr Porter, J, Hooper, and J., B! Johnson. The report reed by the treasurer, Ur J. Roberta, Was of « very satisfactory nature. During the eveninga number of selections of music were given by the choir, under the leadership of Mr J. E. Andrew, with-Miss Roberts presiding’at the organ, A solo was given by Mr W. J. Roberts and "a duet by Messrs Andrew and Freeman. At the conclusion of the meeting the usual votes of thunks were passed. In a few weeks* Buninypng is to have another Arbor Day (writes our correspon dent.) • Last evening it was pointed out to the mayor that the town' had not yet re ceived a visit,from Lord Hopetoun. . Asa resuit, it is probable that his Worship wili extend a hearty invitation to his Excellency to visit this suburb. Ever since Governor Bowen imitated the Italian and said, “See Buninyong and die,” we have been patting ourselves on our backs; our only remaining wish now is to have an opportunity of pass ing in procession before Lord,Hopetoun, and then we shall die happy. A lengthy discussion took' place at the monthly meeting of the; Ballarat City Fire Brigade last evening in reference to the re lations between the brigade and the Country Fire Brigades’ Board. The latter body was very strongly criticised, and a motion was finally carried expressing approval of . the action being taken by the City mayor, and also the brigade’s willingness to act undsr a local board. \- An : alarm of fire was sounded last; night in . Ballarat East,' the cause being, a' foul chimney. The Bdlarat Ministerial Association held its monthly meeting' yesterday, at the Rev, A. Rogers’ residence, when there were pre sent—The Rev. A. Rogers (in the chair), J. Cameron, J. Cowperthwaite, 8.A., J. E. Harrison, A. Bartlett, Dr Porter, J. Wilson, C. Wright, and E. Turner. Apologies'for non-attendancn were accepted from Revs. C. Cameron, E. T. Cox, S. Cuthbert, A. Jones, M.A., C. Lancaster, and W. E. Seccomb. The following ministers were received as members of the above association:—tßbvs. J. Cameron, A. -Hartleft, J.iLdwe, and J. Wil son. The subject for discussion was “Tbe ! divine operations of the Holy Ghost upon the human : raind, 'heart, and life.” Many interesting instances were given by ministers which clearly evinced that-tlja- Holy Spirit woodworking in the' Church of. Christ and'iifcthe''Kihgdom of God. The subject and the codversacion were so interest ing that the ministers expressed their satis faction at the close of the meeting that the morning had be-n well spent. The arrange meets of the next meeting were left with the bon. secretary .to complete. Colonel Sleep and Messrs Hurdsfield and Gibbings, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. The old man'William Ssyers, on remand for vagrancy, was further remanded for a week. One inebriate was ‘dealt with, and 17 truancy and a number of unimportant debt cases were disposed of. The Barkly street Baud of Hope monthly meeting took place last night in the school room, and was very largely attended. Mr A. Lugg occupied the.chair, and delivered an interesting address at the opening of the meeting. The Lydiard street brass band rendered several selections'in front of the schoolroom previous to the meeting, . A capital programme was given by the members of the Lydiard street Band of Hope,consisting of the Misses Hill, Orange, Brooks, Cullen, Franklyn, and Messrs Tinney, White, M’Einnnn, Thursfiold, and Dudley. Two dialogues were well rendered, and the sing ing by the Lydiard street choir, under the leadership of Mr *G. flicks, was much ad mired. Miss Dudley acted os’ organist, and Mr E. Nicholas as accompanist. The effects of the recent heavy rain have made their appearance- over the ceiling in the Town Police Court. The water has penetrated in several parts, which will re quire immediate attention, so as to prevent the plastered ceiling from falling. The death occurred yesterday morning of Miss Annie Selleck, third daughter of the late Mr Thomas Selleck, and granddaughter of Mrs Whitebnnse, of the Union hotel, Sturt street. The deceased, who was 15 years of age, bad been suffering from enteric fever, and died at the residence of her uncle, Mr J. H. Cooper, Windermere street south. The funeral will leave Mr Cooper’s residence to-day, at 3 p.ni; The following casualties were treated at. the Hospital yesterday:—Claude Bettis, two year-old child, . whose 'parents reside at Alfredtoo, suffering from a dislocation of tiie left elbow joint by a fall; , and Annie Mitchell, Eyre street, "suffering] from .the presence of a'portion of a needle m her thumb.' ‘ * ' ... ’ ; Our readers will be pleased .to hear that Mr S. Churchill Octon, to whom we were indebted 'for the Visits of Sir Charles -and Lady Halle, and also Madame Patey to BaI T larat, has arrived to make arrangements for the concerts to given by the .Jubilee Singers at the Academy'of Music on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday of next week. The Jubilee Singers have just, finished a most successful season in Melbourne and are thiq week ’working the suburbs. The personnel of tiie company is considerably altered, and in most cases improved since it was last here, and now has 12 members, six of whom are soloists. Two welcome additions to the strength of the company are Miss Mattie Allan, a lady in possession of a tenor voice, of pure register and quality, aod also Miss Jude Wormlie, an elocutionist of exceptional talent, both of. whom have created quite a furore at the Melbourne, concerts, * Five persons were incarcerated in the Town lock-up last night. Two of the number were charged with unlawful assault, and three with insobriety. One of the latter was in charge of a horse and dray when he was arrested by Constable Dunu. ; * There was a large attendance at the f- rt nightly meeting of St. John’s Literary Union last night, when an interesting debate took place on “The comparative influence on' mankind of music and flowers.” Tiie debate was opened by Mr Beany, who considered the influence of music to be greater than that of flowers, the destruction of which, in his opinion, would be . less serious than the abolition of music. Mr Foster took the opposite view, and pointed out the many qualities and -virtues of the dainty shades of color with which the fields and gardens are decked. On a vote , being-taken the meet ing, by a large majority,, favored music. The chair was occupied by Mir Jones. A meeting of the committee appointed to arrange for publicly recognising . Colonel Smith’s past services will be held at the City Hall this evening, at 8 o’clock. The half-yearly meetings of the Congrega tional Union of Victoria, will be hehl this year in Ballarat. They will commence next Monday evening, when a sermon will be preached by the Rev. Dr Bevan, of Mel bourne. The'business sessions will he held in the mornings and afternoons of Tuesday and Wednesday, and public meetings will take place in the evenings of those days. All the meetings will be in the Dawson street Congregational Church and schoolroom. At a meeting of the council of the Mel bourne Uoiueisity, held on Monday, it was resolved to receive a deputation from the Ballarat School of Mines with reference to foregoing the claim for past fees from students who have passed a portion of their University course at the School of Mines. The remains-of the late Mrs Healy, wife of Mr John Healy, licensee of the Caledonian hotel. Ascot street, were interred yesterday afternoon in the Old Cemetery. The deceased had been ailing for the past two years. The funeral yesterday was very largely attended. Messrs J. Noonan, M. Cieeaon, T. Mao □ amara, and James Healy were the coffin bearers, and the Rev. Father o'R"ardon con ducted the service at the grave. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr S. Welling’on. At the City Police Court yesterday a debt oa»e was heard in which it was shown that defendant was indebted to complainant tn the tune of £lO 2s 4d for milk. An order was made fnr the amount, with costs. It was pointed out at the City Police Court yesterday that a mere statement of sickness Was not sufficient excuse to give to a court for the abse* ce of a child from school. When absence has been caused by illness, it is abso lately necessary to produce a dooi-or’s oerti fleate, otherwise the parents would be fined. At the usual meeting of the.Ghriat Church Young Men’s Club, hehl on Monday evening last, Dr Hardy gave a very interesting and instructive half-hour lecture, on “The human digestion organs.” The dijcior explained the different organa iu a very lucid manner, and a very enjoyable evening was spent. A, vote of thanks to the doctor for his eloquent lec ture concluded the meeting. Councillor Abrahams, of the Geelong C >r poration, was yesterday morning defendant In the - Police Court on a 'charge of . assault < brought against him by Edwin Levin, a well known dealer (writes our correspondent.) Great interest was taken in the hearing, the cMit being crowded. It is alleged by the plaintiff thaf-Jie Was . brutally feinted l Abrahams 2oth March Ü B t b ut ,V defendant proved to the satisfaction of lu* bench that Levin was the aggressor, and th case was dismissed. ’ ‘b# Or Longden relieved a rather m-netnn discussion at the Bniiinyong bornagl, c , ’’lf meeting last evening (writes n Ur onr "'' pendent) with a little joke. One of th councillors was talking of the destruction^f a weir by the flood. After speaking ttt , O nT length he said, “I am aware ." you ?” interjected Or Longden. •• t | len (£* a good man, gn.and sit down i n that creek till we ban fix up a substitute for you i" tl* gentlemen with' their legs under the m .,u 0 6 gany smiled sadly, whilst the visiting public collapsed. i c The funeral of the late Miss Nelli Shannon, daughter of Mrs Shannon 0 f Wills street, took place on Sunday, the remains were interred in the' New Cemetery. There was a very large alien dance. The coffln-bearere were Mewr. Stewart, Tierney, Parsons and Daly. nice collection of wreaths were placed upon the coffin by mourning friends. The service ah the grave was conducted by the Rev Father Harrington. Mr S. Wellington had charge of the funeral arrangements. Mr W. D. Hocking, the organist at the Church of England, Buuiuyong, is suffering from severe illness. As Mr Hooking is ardent musician his absence from hie and has been greatly felt apart from the imturfl regret expressed by his many friemla at the illness of such a popular townsman. The mission services now being held bv Mr.'Dnnca’h Wright, of Melbourne are, con sidering the inclement weather, being We |j attended. The evangelist is evidently well qualified for the work he has in hand Being a forcible speaker, and a splendid singer, the services are very attractive. It is anticipated that rnncb good will accrue from the mission. All the services are public, and by advertisement all are in vited. Parliament will meet at noon on VVednes flay, the 11th May, for . the swearing-in 0 f -fhajnewly elected members of the Legislative Assembly. The Chief. Justice, with whom will b**' associated another judge nf the ;S’qpj:eine Court, has been oommiasi-ined by '•rooi-Governor. in. Council to attend the swearing-in iif members, and at the con clusion of the ceremony the election n{ the Speaker will be proceeded with. J ra . inediiiloly after his elecriiiii the Speaker will be presented to the Governor, and the Hmua then adjourns to the following day, when hit Excellency will attend the Legislative Council . Chamber and rend hia speech formally declaring the fifteenth Parliament of Victoria open. The Government (says the Age) haVH arranged with Mr Isaacs, the new member.fur Bogmig, to move the address io reply to the Governor’s sp-ech in the Legis lative A?-emhly. A seconder has not yet been arranged for. On Monday the arbitrators in connection with the closing of publichouaea at Miry •borough in pursuance of the local option poll awarded Mr George Knight £BOO as owner, and £415 as licensee, of the Two Brewer) hotel.' Some misnppreheimon exists (says the Agt) respecting a circular issued by the Lsudi Department to selectors informing them that if their overdue rents are not paid at once, it will be. necessary for the Ministar of Lands to consider the question nf declaring their selections forfeited. Although the circular states clearly that if the rent is not paid'at once-the department will consider the desirability of forfeiting the s-lection, yet such an arbitrary course is .newr taken. If it is found that a selector is not in a posi tion to pay hia haif-year’a rent, he ie not pressed unduly, but is allowed another half year’s grace without being charged interest, and in several instances, where selectors have shown a determination to cultivate their holdings to the best possible advantage, they have been allowed as much as three years' grace. A nugget, weighing 22 oz 1 dwt, was par chased at Caetleindine on Monday, The name of the discoverer and the locality of the find are not disclosed. The stewards of the Newtown (Castle maitie) Wesleyan Church are (says the M. A. Mail) in s' curious quandary, having lost count of the number of years that the church has been established. Several of the oldest members have' been consulted, hut have been unable to give any . reliable information os to the number of yrara covered by their church’s history, elthough they are confident that its jubilee anniversary is close at hand. The returns furnished to the Board of Health from all parts of the colony show that the number of oases of typhoid fever reported during the week ending the 30th ult. was 116, of which' 13 were fatal. During the corresponding week of last year there were 122 cases; of which 13 resulted in death. Tlie number of cases of diphtheria reported last week from -nil parts of the colony was 29, of which 6 were., fatal. During the corresponding week of last year there were 48 cases, of which 9 resulted in death. Everything is quiet—deadly quiet (writes a Melbourne correspondent). Not that this shouid.be any surprise after the excitement we have had piled up on ua by the Easter holidays, the Election and Eight Hours’ • Days. With the re-action, too, conies the wet weather to make matters worse than they otherwise would be. It is true we have had a cuple of days’ sunshine, but this baa, to a certain extent, been spoiled by a neuralgia-bringing east wind. Socially> if if were not fur the forthcoming festivities at Government House we should be alto gether stranded. Still a birthday dinner, an “ at home,” and a ball are things for our fashionables to lonk forward to. Bssldel which it will stimulate the costumiers trade, and any stirring of the present stagnant pools of business must be hailed with ph* - sure. That the vice-regal functions will be bn a complete scale the past efforts or Lor Hepetouu assure us. The Customs returns for th" pash month show the seri'-ns falling off of £67,017 oat e the receipts for the corsespnndiog perm o last year. The figures are as follow -""~o lections, £178.411. repayments, &0., net revenue, £169,883. The estimate r venue for. April was £232,597, 90 th» result has been £62,814 less than had 5 calculated. The Acting Railway Commissioners, by letter to Messrs Thunderbolt and ro . , the patentees of a contrivance for o using carriage doors without slamming, have . formed them that a trial of their iiiveo will shortly bo made under official -»up« vision. The re-election nf Sir Graham Bert?_*? member for East Bourke Boroughs,. reu . e necessary through his accepting office Government as Treasurer, took place on and .y. His was the only nomination Mg with the returning officer, ao that elected without opposition. So far 35 members have selected ie»t* ° the Ministerial «hle of the House and the Opposition benches. 