CRUMBS. Summer gone. Winter ahead. New Banknotes. Pity the poor Barrierites ! Pony racing is on the increase. Henry Taylor on H. B. Strangwaya. A big irrigation scheme in Viotoria. Silver market is still in a weak condition. What is wanted is a codification of the law. Europeans Btill in mortal terror of dynamite. Anglo-Indians as well as Anglo- Australians. Dynamite being discovered in Belgium now. General Downes to leave us at the end of the year. A big Anarchial demonstration at Chicago on May 1. Man is not a servant for the man, but for the thing. Good wishes for the new Judge and Governor. Canada is coming to the front in sensa tionalizing. The Indian silver mint is run at a loss to the Governmert. Broken Hill water famine beooming more serious daily. A new signboard to be put up at the Bank of South Australia. Tasmania declines to pay more than 4 per cent., for kitefl ping. It will soon be cheaper to build than to buy houses in Adelaide. Work at the Wallaroo Mines has been gradually decreasing. Land tax people still considering appeals against the assessment. Afghans boycotting Indian railways is now the latest in boycotting. The Cyclorama has had an uninterrupted run since November 25,1890. King Charles of Roumania said to be giving up his Dusiness to his son. Governor Kintore has got a trowel to add to his collection of bric-a-brac. Anglo-Indian settlers with capital will be welcome to South Austndia. A new Secretary has been appointed for the Stook Exchange of Adelaide. An average of onG per day applying to the Port Labour Bureau for work. Corruption in Canadian political life and decay in the national defenoes. If they had only two inohes of rain at the Hill, wouldn't there be rejoicing? The Bank of Adelaide is issuing a new bank note. No chance of forgery now. It is about time that our Treasurer thought about issuing some Treasury bills. Parson Hastings bas been enlightening Cousin Jack about "Sooial Shams." The unemployed question at Port Adelaide is not so severe as it at first appeared. What has the Surveyor-Genera) to say about the Death Camp in Piohi Richi Pass ? The only comfort people at Broken Hill have is a cheap dish of stewed rabbit. A consignment of Tasmanian fruit has arrived in England in splendid condition. Interest in the Colonel Light Memorial as great as ever, and it must be kept up too. The Christie colonization scheme receives more favour than the Booth emigration idea. Judge Dashwood 16 to be accompanied by his two Bisters to the Northern Territory. His Excellency the Earl of Kintore began his fourth year's work with a job of masonry. Emily Mather's skull will come into Court to show how well it fits Baron Swanston's axe. To arrive at what is law one has to study perhaps twenty statutes and fifty reported cases. An Assets Company projected to take up the excepted assets of the Bank of South Aus tralia. £1,500 is ureently required for the mainte nance of the Training Homes of the Salvation Army. Only one-fourteenth of the members cf the A.N. A. attended to hear a discussion on the policy. That Commercial Bank matter is post poned. The Chief will hear all about it on May 4. The Victorian Supreme Court doeSnot think Irish solicitors sufficiently qualified for Mel bourne. ''The price of silver is falling so low that ere long we shall be boiling our tea in silver billies." .« Sampson," the strong man in London, has been convicted of theft. What a libel on the original! . Tightness of the ohest. beginning to trouble fair Tasmania's Building and Investment Societies. The Russian Bear wants to establish a coaling station at Buenos Ayres. Oh, yes, by all means. A Westem Australian politician has come to Adelaide to learn about agriculture and horticulture. The Governor of the Hull Gaol is willing to stay in Melbourne to assist in the proseoution of Williams. At last there is a better prospect of a satis factory understanding between us and New South Wales. City Fathers in donbt about erecting baths in North Adelaide. Will have another big think over it. The coming Mildora of South Australia different land agents name different places in this connection. South Australia _baving followed England's lead, her laws are just ae scattered as those of the old country. .? ^ Honor&ryMajor; CurtU, wh.o haa been stay ing in India, has not forgotten the S.A. Military Throes. ' Frederick Wright never gets tired of urging farmers to conserve Water. That's right, keep h up, Mr. Wright.'7 ;T One ,'of Mr. Kingston'-s interections-'' I have piloted' p, qumber of. bills . through, and made them worse.-", The Bank of South Australia is now no more. The plaice-that knew it once will be taken'bytheUnion. The strike of-the Durham colliers is involv ing a loss in wages of £250,0{>0 weekly. What do you think of that.?' Amir of Afghanistan warning his oh'efa against Russia, and advises them to keep friends withEngland. i It. is not . true that Bome members of the A.N.A. speak for the purpose of having their name in tneipapers! _ Oh, no. It is exceedingly difficult for a lawyer, and next. ]fco impossible for a layman, to asoertain the law applicable to a certain set of facts. ? . General Downes's term expires next March. In November he takes four months' lea re, and then hie connection with the force is Bevered. A New South Wales mother was jealous of lier daughter's honour, and therefore shot the lover who went to keep the appointment. Sergeant Holdeq, R.E., gets a year's im prisonment for treachery. In the good old times he would have adorned the end of a rope. Financial Wright se6lcs the help of an Aus tralasian writer to give prominence to his advice to farmers. Advised them so often himself. Judging by the attendance people seem, says Cynio, to get more profit out of tea meetings than out of sermons-barring the1 youngsters.' Chief Secretaiy Kingston is not able to pre vent boycotting by his Trades Unions, and yet he tftlks of preventing his witnesses being made martyrs of., The way some work every night and on Sun days at home suggests that what they do else where is more by an intention whioh leaves action tor next day's job, quoth Cynic. : . An optimist is welcome to any oomfort he can derive when Pessimist asserts that still pedple appear better pleased with bodily con tentment than with spiritual happiness. With Davis, Lewis, A. E. Sampson, and Howat, to say nothing of the English cracks Warwick and Turner, some excellent racing .should be witneated on the Oval next Satur day. '' Bishop Phillips Brooks sent a happy greet ing to tne poet Whittier on bis birthday. " I thank God," he wrote, " that you have lived, that you are living, and that you always will Uve. A retentive memory is said to be due to a good digestion; a ready one, to a good circu lation. This theory reminds one of the epicu rean precept to keep the feet warm and the head cool. ItBpeakswell for the ramifications of the colony's business that the transfer of so muoh of the .largest business of the Bank of South Australia has been made so rapidly and confidently. During the year just conoluded 141 men and 113 women have passed through the Intercolo nial Male and Female Training Homes of the Salvation Army, and areno wdispersed through out Australia. ''Irrespective of provision for the July bonded debt payments, which the Agent General ie in a position to meet, the Treasurer has at bis command in hard cash a sum of about £350,000." Cynic thinks if publicans get a portion of their licence-fee remitted for Sunday-closing they would be willing to " close" every day for the remission of the remainder. Cynic is an optimist for once. . What a common mistake it is for people to call every solicitor a lawyer. A lawyer is one learned in the law, but a solicitor is not neces sarily that. He is skilled in the art of drawing bills of costs though. The " number of the Beast" is generally sup Sosed to be G66, but Dr. Matheson, of Edin urgh, has exploded the antiquated notion.. He says that tne Beast is SelfiBhnesB, and his number is Number One. Mrs. Besant finds that one penalty of being an abstainer is inoreased sensitiveness to the poisonous emanations from the bodies of drinkers, which in travelling in public convey ances she cannot escape. Platinum in minute steel-grey grains is found on the beach at Waipapa Point, New Zealand, where gold dredgine is carried on. An effort is to be made to save the platinum while dealing with the gold. " At the present time there are South Aus tralian Treasury bills outstanding to the amount of £600,000. Prior to June, 1891, the total was £750,000, but during that month £250,000 worth matured and were paid off." A Sydney paper says:-"A Broken Hill man made |£80,000 out of a boom in oertain shares in consequence of information supplied him by one man who was "in the know." The lucky one refused to give the tipster a cent, out of his haul." " It is more than probable that human in ventiveness bora of necessity will before very long devise some means of piercing the material of a balloon, even at an elevation of two or three miles, thus frustrating the efforts of enemies who are engaged in reconnoitring." The effect of the raising of Chinese postage will be that the wife not hearing from her husband will marry again, the siBter-in-law will not receive remittance from her brother in-law, and the parents will lose their appetite and die. In short it would make them feel that life's a blank. "Whether as a financier Mr. Goschen is all that his friends would have us suppose, or all that his opponents would have us believe, or not, his last statement will not please the large class of persons who have been clamour ing for relief in the matter of income tax, or the licensed victuallers who think that the existing duties bear hardly on them." OBITS.-I'm going to Bay a word or two about several historical personages, each of whom joined the great majority on April 7. Baldwin I., King of Jerusalem, crossed the typical Jordan 1119. For 18 years he pro tected the Holy Sepulchre from the tovading Turks, Arabs, Persians, and Saracens, and having left his kingdom and his crown to his oousin, Baldwin II., hiB bones were interred in a vault upon Mount Calvary, and there they sre unto this day. Tasso, in his "Jeru salem Delivered,1' has rendered the name of Baldwin as immortal as his own.-William Fitzosboine, surnamed Longbeard, a priest in the reign of Richard L, having headed an inBurreotion in London, was with several of|hia coadjutors torn to pieoes by horses, 1196.-Charles VUL of France, sur named " the Affable," who during his reign of fifteen years conquered the Kingdom of Naples and lost it again,-and then, gained another great viotoiy over the Italian troops numbering 40,000 and didn't lose it again, de parted this life, 1498.-Jerome Bignon^Frenoh philosopher ana statesman, whomXouis XIIL and Louis XIV. delighted to honour, and of whom it is said "there was no branch of human knowledge in which he was not pro foundly versed," paid the debt of nature, 1G5C. \--Lastly, Sir William JU'Avenant, poet and dramatist, who when only ten yean old wrote an "Ode in Remembranoeof 2&aster; Willistn Shakspeare," and succeeded rare Ben Jonson as Poet Laureate, made his exit, 1668. Peace to their ashes! OBITS.-I dare say you think that Gaston de Foix (pronounced Fwaw) is a tolerably out landish name for the son of a prinoess and the descendant ot a prince, but I really can no more help'it than ne himself could help being shot down like a dog or like Kelson, Sir John ?Moore, and many more in the hour of viotory. lie was the son of Marie d' Orleans, sister of Louis XII.' of Franoe, who conferred upon him the title of Dno de.Nemoira. And he was a descendant of Gaston III., Comfit de Foix, Viscount deBearn, who, you may remember, was a conspicuous figure in the foreground of the courtiers who buzzed about the palace of Charles VI. during the latter part of the fourteenth century, and who, having been' ac cused of attempting to poison his father, was imprisoned ana left to perish in his dungeon. Well, young Gaston de Foix,.the nephew of Louis.XIL, had command bftheariny before he had oommand of himself, and on aocoOnt of his daring exploits he was called " the thunder bolt of Italy.' But at the age of twenty-three he fell at the battle of Ravena. .And the battle of Ravena was fought April 11, 1512. Don't forget. FAX.-I tbld ypu yesterday that I would tell you to-day something about the famous Gre cian statue of Hercules ereoted at Constanti nople. My authority is Aoominatus Nioetas, the Byzantine historian, who at the beginning of the thirteenth century was employed in various official capacities at Constantinople. He tells us that the statue was ereoted by the celebrated Grecian soulptor Lysippus, whose greatest work, you: know, was the statU9 of a man wiping and anointing himself after bathing, which was erected in front of Agrippa's baths at Rome. Well, then, Nicetas says that the statue of Hercules af'theCityof the Sultan"-was 6f' suoh magnitude that " the thumb was equal to the waist' of an ordinary man, .his leg was the size of a man, his chest ample, his shoulders broad, his limbs .strong and inuscular. his hair curled, his aspeot com manding. Without his bow, or quiver, or club, his lion's skin carelessly thrown over him, he was seated on an ozier basket, his right leg and arm stretched to the utmost, his left knee bent and supporting his elbow, his head reclining on his left hand, his counte nance indignant and pensive." Well, after it had "enohanted the world" for 1,600 years, it wasdemolished by those pious Crusaders, who on April 13, 1204, put the Emperor of Con stantinople to death, after they Wi torn out his eyes. FAX.-You, of course, have read of the impossible exploits of that impossible per sonage who strangled the two snakes in his cradle that the jealous Juno sent to devour the dear little baby. And you surely must have read all about the "twelve labours of Her cules." But as you may have forgotten the particulars, please permit me briefly to reoount them. In obedienoe to Eurystheus, Kin? of Mycenae, he successfully accomplished the fol lowing feats:-1. To procure the skin of the Nemaen lion. 2. To kill the hydra. 3. To catch the hind of Artemis. 4. To take the Erymanthian boar alive to Eurystheus. 5. To cleanse the Augean stable. 6. To drive away the waterfowl of Lake Stymphalis. 7. To capture the Cretan bull. 6. To procure the mares of Diomedes. 9. To steal from Hippo lita, Queen of the AmazonB, her girdle. 10. To drive the oxen of Geryon from the Island of Erythea. 11. To obtain the golden apples of the HesperideB. 12. To conduct Cerberus from the infernal regions. That he performed all these exploits rests upon authority as indu bitable as that which informs us that he was the son of Zeus and Alemena, the wife of Amphitryon. To-morrow I will tell you some thing about the statue of Hercules at Constan tinople. Too busy juBt now. Look out. OBITS.-Listen, my son. I atn going to tell you something of two famous warriors who were as much alike as ohalk and cheese, both of whom made their exit on April the oneth, and just a year from eaoh other i.e. in 1405 and 1406\. The latter died broken-hearted, the former had no heart to break.' Can't you guess who they were? Y.U 0 they were Timour the Tartar and. Robert fll. of Scotland. That historical scribbler,'in referring to Timour's insatiable thirst for blood, vhioh prompted him to overrun' the Pxovinoe of Candahar, to humble Persia, to extort an annual tribute from the Christian Frinoes of Georgia, to sack and reduoe to ashes the town of Azov, to plunder the people of Delhi, and murder 90,000 Bagdadians-this he oalls "a splendid career I" As for that Sootcish King, he might have ended the sixteen years of his reign as he began-in peace-had not Henry IV. invaded his kingdom in the year fourteen hundred and nothing; and he might have lived to become a G.O.M. had not his eldest son been murdered, and his other son imprisoned for attempting to escape from the treaohery of his uncle, the Duke of Albany-I. O. OBITS.-borne sapient philologist says if you wiBh to pronounce a Polish or Russian name correctly you should sneeze twice and say sky. But there are or were during the last century a few exoeptions to even this general rule. Thus, on April 4, 1764, one Michael Lotnonozof made his final exit from the stage of mortality. He was a Russian poet, and having married one of the "sacred nine,"he became "the father of Rus sian poetry." His father, however, was only a poor fisherman; but in early life he (the son) became a fugitive upon the face of the earth till he found refuge in a monastery, where he received the elements of a sound education, and afterwards was polished off at a German University till he shone like a gem of the first water. In 1741 he returned to his beloved Russia, was elected a member of the Academy of St. Petersburg without even St. Peter's oon sent, and posed as Professor of Botany. His " Odes" partake of much of the elegance and energy of Pindar, whom he greatly admired. He-Lomonozof, not Pindar-was also the author of "A History of the Russian Empire." FAX.-Herewith please find a reoord of some more notorious impostors:-D'Alembert, in his "Revolutions of Russia," relates how a friar named Demetrius Griska Eutropeia pre tended to be the eon of Basilowitz, Czar of Muscovy, whom the usurper Boris had put to death; but he maintained that another child had been substituted. He was supported by the army of Poland, and his Buccess so astonished the Russians that they placed him on the throne. He then cruelly put to death Fed or, the reigning Czar, and all his family. But Nemesis kept her glaring eye upon him in all his career. His imposition was discovered, and in 1606 he was assassi nated in hid palaoe. Sixty years later a Jew of Smyrna amused, if he did notoonvertor edify, the Turks, by personating our Saviour at Constantinople. Then there was that once famous impostor, Valentine. Greatrakes, who in 1665 deceived eoores of Irish simpletons by pretending to heal the sick with a touch. As for William Parsons, his wife, and daughter, they improvised a real ghost by the aid of a ventroloquist of the feminine persuasion in 33, Cock-lane, London, for which they were re warded with an exalted position in the pillory and with imprisonment, 1762. 