Kiistikd fhoh SArup.i)AVs issce. [ilX EIGHTS iEEZUVZD. NAD A THE LILY. BY IL RIDER HAGGARD. Coi'yMGBT, 1891- Bv H. Rider Haggled. CHAPTER XX. Mn:>o Baegalss wish, the Peinces. Ei'^bt-and-twenty days went by, my father, and on tho nine-and-twenrietb it befel that Chaka, having dreamed ft dream ill his troubled hie jp, summoned btfore hifei certain women of the k riV-.l to \A<3 iiUCit>ec of seventy and three. Sjrae Or IQese were his women, whom ho nimed his " sisters," and some y.ero maidens not yet given in marriage; but all,' were young and fair. Now, what this dream of Chaka's may have beeli I do not know, or have forgotten, for in iU'jse ways be dreamtd many dreams^ and nil bis dreams led to one end, the death of men. He sat in front of Ms hut scowling, and 1 was with him. To the left of him were gathered the girls and women, and their knees were weak with fear. One by one they were led before him, and 3to«>d before hiui with bowed head*. Then he would bid thc-m be of good sheer, and tpe*k s"ftly to them, and in the end wou>d them this rju&iti;'iu '■ ' Hast thou, my sister, a cat in thy hut ?' Now, some would say that they had a cat, and Pome would fiay th&t; they had none, and some would stand still and nuke no answer, being dumb 7.'i*h fear. But, whatever they said the end was the same, for the king would sigh gentiv and say, tx are thee well, my sister; "it is unfortunate for thee that | there in a cat in thy hut, or * that there is no cat in thy hot,' or 'that thou canst not tell me whether there be a satin thy hutOi " Then the women f.-o^d be taken by the slayers, drained wuhojt the kraal, and their end was siritr. So it went on for ths most part ot that day tillxixty- and-two women and yirls had been slaughtered. But at last a maiden was brought before the king, and i this one her snake had given a ready wit; for when' Chaka asked her whether or no there, was a cat in her hut, she answered, saying that she did not know, 1 nut that there was half a cat tlpOll her,' and she pointed to a cat-V-skin which was bound about her iotas. Then the king langhed and clapped his hands, saying that at length his dream was answered; and he killed no more that day nor ever again—save once only. t That evening my heart was heavy within me, and I period in my he-^rt 'How long? -—nor mi^ht X r*zst. So I iVandcred out from the kraal that was named Duguza to the great cleft in the mountains yonder, and sat dowr> upon a rock high up in the cleft, so that I could see the wide land/! rolling to the north and the south, to my right and to my left. Now, the day was drawing towards the night, and thn air was very still, for the heat was great and a tempest was gathering, as I, who' am a Heaven-Herd, knew well. The sun sank redlv, flooding the land with blood ; it was as though all the blood that Chaka had shed flowed about the land which Chaka ruled. Then from the womb of the night great shapes of cloud rose upandstwd before the sun, and he crowded them with his glory, and in their hearts the lightning quivered like a blood of fire. The shadow of their wings fell upon the mountain and the plains, and beneath their wings was silence. Slowly die sun sank, and the shapes of cloud gathered together like a host at the ward of its captain, and the flicker of the lightning was as the flash of spears of a host. I looked, and my heart grew afraid. The lightning died away, the silence deepened and deepened till I could hear it, no leaf inovsd, iif> Vird called,' the world seemed dead—I alone lived in the dead world. X„w, of a sudden, my father, a bright star fell from the height of heaven and lit upon the crest of the storm, and as it lit the storm burst. The grey air shivered, a moan ran about the rocks and died away, then an icy breath burst from the lips of the tempest and rushed across the earth. It caught the falling star and drove it on toward me, a rushing globe of fire, and as it came the star grew and took shape, and the shape it took was the shape of a woman. I knew her now. my father; while she was yet far off I knew her—Ihe Inkosazana who came as she had promised, riding down the storm. On she swept, borne forward by the blast, and oh ! she was terrible to see, for her garment was the lightning, lightning shone from her wide eyes and lightnings were in her streaming hair, while in her wide hand was a spear of fire, and she shook it as she same. Now she was at the mouth of the pass ; before her was stillness, behind her beat the wings of the storm, the thunder roared, the rain hissed like snakes ; she rushed on past me, Mid as she passed she turned her awful eyes upon me, shrivelling me up. Sho>as there! she was gone! but she spoke no word,only shook her flaming spear. Yet it seemed to me that the storm spoke, that tbc rocks cried aloudj that the rain histsed out a word in my ear, and the word was 'Smite, Mopo !' I heard in my heart, or with my ears, whatdoes it matter ? Then I turned to look; through the rush of the tempest, and the reek of the rain,still I could see her sweeping forward high in the air. Now the kraal Duguza was beneath her feet, and the naming spear fell from her hand upon the kraal and fire leaped up in answer. Then she passed on over the edge of the world, seeking her own place. 1 '"J"; lny father* for the third and last time did my eyes see the Inkosazana-y-Zulu, or mayhap rny heart dreamed that I sa-a her. Soon I idiall see h-.-r again, but it will not be here. For a while I sat there in the cleft, then I rose and fought my way through the fury of the storm back to the kraal Duguza. As 1 drew near the kraal I heard cries of fear com i,i" through the roaring of the wind and thehiss ofthe rain. I entered and asked one of the matter and it was told me that fire from above had fallen on the hut of the king a, he lay sleeping, and all the roof of the hut was burned away, but that the ram had put °UThen Kent on till I came to the front of thereat hut, and I saw by the light of the moon which now shone out in the heaven, S&aittW;*£? fluted the king, asking llim whafc oviI ' Little have I known of les.^-, Mopo,' said Chita, 'yet I ara taxaid now ; ay, as much afraid"as -when V»nce on a bygone night the dead hand of Bitlcka stircrnored something thai Talked upun the faces cf tfo dead,' ' And -whst fsarcst thou, 0 Kin?, who art the lord of sll the earth?'. Now Ohaka leaned forward and whispered to me: ' Hearken, Mopo, I hare dreamed a dream. When the slaying al those bitches was done, I went and laid me down to Bleep ■while it was yet light, for I* may scarcely sleep at ail when darkness has swallowed tip the world.; My sleep" has gone from me— that sister of thine. Baleka, took my _ sleep ■with her to the place of death. I laid me down and I slept, but a dream arose and sat by me with a hooded f3ce,^ind showed m<* a picture. It seemed to me that the wall of my hut fell down, and I saw an open place, and in the centre of the place 1 lay dead, covered with many wouni.% while round my corpse my brothers Dingaan and Umhl&ngaua; stalked in pride like lions. On the shoulders of Umhlangana was my royal kaross, and there was b'ood on the- kaross ; and-in the hand of Dingaan was my royal spear, Mid tbere was Wood upon the spear. Then, in the vision of my dream, Mopo, thou didst draw near, and, lifting thy hand, didst give the royal salute of Bayete to these bsothers of mine, and with thy foot <'idst spurn the circase of me, thy king. Then the hooded dream pointed upwards and was! gone, and I awoke, and lo * fire burned ia the roof of tny hut. Thus! dreimed, Mopo, and now, my servant, say thou, wherefore should;I dot slay ihee, thou who wouldst serre other kings than I, thou- who wouldst give my royal salute to the princes, my brothers f and he glared upon me fiercely. 'As thou wile, 0 King " I answered gently, ' Doubtless thy dream was evil, and yet Tiore evil was the omen of the fire that fell upon thy hut. And ye;'- -and Ice&ifed.; | ilopo, fchoa faithless servant"?' /ip.d yet, O it seems to me in my folly that it were weil to strike the head of the snake and not it? tail, for without the tail the head majT live, but not fcbe t-sil with out the headJ 'Thou srouldsfcs3y, Mopo, that if these princes die never canst thou or any other man give them the royal name. Do I hear aright, Mopo V ' Who am I that T should lift up my voice asking for the blood of princes T 1 answered. ' Judge thou, 0 King" ' Now, Chakd brooded awhile-, then he spoke : ' Say, Mopo. feafc it be doiie this night?' - ' There Ate b'tlt fe?? men In the kraal, 0 King;. All are gone out to war; and of those few many are the servants of the prince?,-and perhaps they might give blow for blow. . ' How then, Mopo ? ' Nhv, I know not, 0 King; yet at the great kraal beyohd the river sits the regi ment Hiith ih haijic-J the Stivers. By raid day to-morrow they might be here, and then' 'Thou speak est wisely, my child Mopo; it shall be for to-morrow. Go summon the regi ment,of the Slayers, - and, Mopo, see that thou fail me not.' ' If I fail thee, 0 King, then I fail myself, for it seems that my life hangs oil this matter.' . . ' If all the wohia that ever tJaBjvd thy lips are lies-, vet is that wdrd "true, Mopo,' said Chaka ; ' rn'creover, know this,, my servant; if aught miscarries thou shalt die no com mon death. Begone '' ' I hear the king.' I answered, and went out. ' Now my father, I knew well that Chaka had doomed me to die, though first he would use me to destroy the princes. But I feared nothing, for I knew this alsoj that the hotlr of Chaki was come at last-. • . ■ For a while t sat in my hut pondering, then vr];._-n ill men slept I arose and crept like a snake by many paths to the hut of Dirgaan the prince, who awaited me on that night. Following the shadow of the hut. "I came to the door and scratched upon it after a certain fashion. Presently it was opened, and I crawled in, and the door was shut again. Now, 1 litre was littM light in the hut, and by its fl ime T saw the tfro princes sit ting side by side; Wrapped a"boiit with blankets Which hiirig before their brows. z Who is this that comes ?' said the prince Dingaan. Then I lifted the blanket from my head so that tbey might see my face, and, they also drew their)jlaiikets from theirbrows. Ispoke, saying : ' Hail to you, Princes, who to-mor row shall be dust! Hail to you, sons of Sen zing.iconn, who to-tilOrrow "shall be spirits !' and I pointed towards them. with my withered hand. Now the princes were troubled and shook with fear. ' What meanest thou, thou dog, that thou dost speak to us words of such ill- omen ?' said the Princi Di-igaan in a low voice. ' Wherefore dost thou point at us With that white and withered hand of thine, Wizard V hissed the Prince UmhliUigana. ' HaVg I not told you, O ye Princes!' I whispered, ' that ye must strike or die, and has not your heart failed you ? Now bearken ! Chaka has dreamed another dream ; now it is Chaka who strikes, and ye are already dead, ye children of Senzanga cona.' ' If the slayers of the king be without the gates, at least thou shalt die first, thou who hast betrayed us!' quoth the Prince Dingaan, and drew ari assegai from under his kaross. ' First hear the king's dream, 0 Prince,' I said ; ' then, if thou wilt, kill me, and die. Chaka the king slept and dreamed that he lay dead, and that one of you, the princes, wore his royal kaross.' ' Who wore the royal kaross V asked Din gaan, eagerly; and both looked up, waiting oil my words. ' The Prince Umhlangana wora it—in the dream of Chaka—O Ding-an, shoot of a royal stock!' I answered slowiy, taking snuff as I spoke, and watching the two of them over the edge of my snuff spoon. Now Dirjg.ian scowled heavily at-Umhlan gaiia; but the face of Umhlangan-i "was as the morning sky. 'Chaka dreamed this also,' I went on; ' that one of you, the princes, held his royal f-pe-ir.' ' Who held the royal spear Y asked Umh langana. 'The Prince Dingaan held it—in the dream of Ctiaka—0 Umhlangana, sprung from the root of kings!—and itdiippedb'ood.' N-iw the face of Umhlangana grew dark as night, but that of Dingaan brightened like the dawn. ' Chaka dreamed this also; that I, Mopo, jour dog, who am not worthy to be men tioned with such names, came up and gave the royal salute, even the 'Bayete." 'To whom didst thou give the ' Bayete,' O Mopo, son of Makedama V asked both of the princes as with one. breath, waiting on" my word?. ' I give it to both of you, (J twin stars of the morning, princes of the Zulu—in the dream of Chaka I give it to both of you.' Now the princes looked this way and that, and were silent, not knowing what to say, for these princes hated each other, though adversity and fear had brought them to one bed. ' But what avails it to talk thus, ye lords of the land,' I went on, ' seeing that, both of you, ye are. already as dead men, and that vultures which are hungry to-night to-morrow shall be filled with tlesl) of the best? Chaka the kintr is now a Doctor of Dreams, and to clear away such a dream as this lie has a I purging medicine.' Now the brows of these brothers grew black i.ideed, for they saw that their fate was on them. ' These are the words of Chaka the king, O ye bulls who lead the herd ! All are doomed, ye twain and I, and many another man who love? us. In the great kraal beyond the river tbere sits a regiment ; it is summoned—and then—good- night! Have ye any words to say to those yet left upon the earth? Perhaps it will bo given to me to live a little while after ye are gone, and I may bring them to their ears.' ' Can we not rise up now and fall upon Cliaka V asked Dingaan. ' It is not possible,' I said ; ' the king is guarded.' ' Hast thou no plan, Mopo V groaned Um hlangana. 'Methinks thou haBt a plan to save us.' ' And if I have a plan, yo Princes, what shall bo my reward ? It must be great, for I am weary oflifo, and I will not use my wis dom for a little thing.' Now, both the princes offered mo good things, each of them promising moro than the other, as two young men who are rivals promise to the father of a girl whom both would wed. I listened, saying always that it enough, till in the end both of them heads, and by the bones of father, and by manv ;;; U lu" of Uio te' i*nd should rN ..... na,AVvW0„id < but show them a way to kill 1 baka and_ be come kings. Then, when they had done swearing,"! spoke, weighing my words— . '• In the great kraal beyond 'be river, O "S Pritices, these sit, not one regiment but two. One is named the Slayers and lores Chaka ihe king, who has done well by tbein, gi*«mg them cattle and wives. The other is named the Bees, and that regiment is huncry ana longs for cattle and girls ; moreover, of Vbat ' regiment the Prince Umbkngana r» the general, and it loves him. 2Sow, this is my plan-M:o summon the Bess in the name of Cmhlangaaa, not the Slayers in the name of Chaka. Bend forward, 0 Princes, that I may whisper in your ears.' So they beat forward, and I whispered I awhile of the death of a king, and the sora of Senzangacona nodded their heads as one lunn 1 in answer. Then I rose up, and crept from ihe hut as I had entered it, rousing certain ] trusty messengers. I dispatched them, run ning swiftly throUeh th>3 night. : T3iiAPTER XXI. The Death or Geaka. i\ow, on the morrow, two hours before midday, Chaka came from the but where he b"-d sat through the night, and moved to a little kraal surrounded by a fence that was some fifty paces distant from the hut. For it was my duty, day by day, to choote that place where the king should sit tohear the counsel of his indunas, and give judgment on thuse wbom he would kill, and to-day I had chosen this place. Chaka went slow: from his hut tn the kraal, and, for ray owii reasons, I accompanied him, walking after him. As we went ths king glanced back at me over his shoulder, and sail in a low voice— ' Is all prepared, Mopo ?' '• All is prepared, Biack One,' I auswered. 1 The rr^ginip'nt of the Slayers will be hereby nooti.' * Where are the princes, Mopo 1 asked the king again. _ . ' The prince i sit with their wives in the hoasesof their women, 0 King,'I answered i ' thay drink beer and sleep in the laps of their wives.' ; Chaka smiled grimly, 'For the last time, Moxx> -!' ' For the last time, 0 King." We came to the kraal, and Chaka tat down in the shade of the reed fence* upon an ox hide that tjs brayed soft. . i^eSr hibi sto<>d n. girl holdibg a gtltird u! beetthere we e als0.55r8sSni.tSte did chief Inguazonca, brother of Uriahdi, Mother of the Heavens, and the chief Umxamama, whom Chaka loved. When we had sat a little while in the kraal, certain men came in bearing crane's feathers, which the king had sent them to gather a month's journey from the kraal Duguza, aI,4 they were admitted before the king. These men had been away long up»n their^ errana, and Chaka was angry with them. Now, the listder of "the men was an old captain of Chaka's, who had fought under hit J in many b,itiles, but whose service was done, because his right hand had been shorn sway by the blow of an axe. He was a great man and very brave. Chaka asked the man why he had been so long in finding the feathers, and be answered t';at the birds had fldwn from that p2rt of the . cotiUtrr wbisljeir hte was sent, and he inust wSit there till they returned, that he hiiaht snare tbehi. •"Thou shouldst have followed the cranes, thou disobedient dog i' said the king. 'Let him be taken away, and all those who were with him.' Now some of the men prayed a little for mercy, but the captain did but 6alute the king, calling him 'Father,' and craving a botn before He died. . .. 1 Wliat woiiidst thou i' asked Chaka. 4 it}' zither,' siid the man, ' I would ask thee two things. I have fought many times at thy side in battle while *e both were young; nor did I ever turn my back upon the foe. The blow that shore the hand from off this arm was aimed at thy head, 0 King ; I stayed it with my naked arm. It is noth ing ; at thv will Hive and at thy will I die. Who J that I should question the **ord of the king ? Tec I would ask thin, thwt thou wilt withdraw thekaoss from about thee, O Kiii'. that for the last time my eyes may feast themselves upon the body of hun whom above all men, I love.' * Thou art long-winded, said the king, ' what more ?' ' This, my father, that I may bid farewell to my son 5 he is a little child, so high; O Kim; ' and he held his hand above his knee. 1 Tky first Hoon is granted-,' said the king, slioping the taross from his shoulders sna showim the great breast taneath. ' For the Bcmd'it shall be granted also, for I will not willingly divide'the father and son. firm' the boy here ; thou shalt bid htm fare w ell,'then thou shalt sky him with thiue own hand ere thou thyself art slain ; it will t e good sport to see.' Now the man turned grey beneath the blackness of his skin, and trembled a little as he murmured, ' The king s will is tbo will of his servant; let the child be brouglit. But I looked at Chaka and saw that the tears were running down his face, and that he only spoke thus to try the captain who loved him to the last. ' Let the man go,' said the king, mm ana those with him.' . . So they went glad at heart and praising '''i have told you this, my father, though it has not to do with my story, because then, and then only, did I ever see Chaka show mercy to one whom he had doomed to die. As the captain and his people left the gate >.f the kraal, it was spoken in the ear of the kin" that a man sought audience of htm. He wasadmitted crawling on his knees. I looked and saw that this was that Masilo whom 1 Chaka had charged with a message to h:m 1 who named BuJalio, or the Slnu^bterer, and who ruled over the People of the Axe. ft wai Masilo indeed, but he was no longer fat, for much travel had made bim thin ; moreover, on his back v.'ftw tl e marks of rods, as yet scarcely heaied over. 1 Who art thou V said Chaka. ' I arn Masilo, of the People of Axe, to whom command was given to run with a mess age to Bulalio the Slaughterer, their chief, and to return on the thirtieth day. Behold, O King, I have returned, though in a f.orry plight !' . 1 It seems so!' said the king, laughing aloud. ' I remember now ; speak on, Masilo the Thin, who wast Masilo the Fat; what of this Slaughterer. Does he come with his people to" lay the axe-Groan-Maker in my hands V * Kay, O King, he comes not. He met me with scorn, and with scorn he drove me from his kraal. Moreover, as I went I was seized by the servants of Zinita, she whom I weoed, but who is now the wife of the-Slaughterer, and laid on my face upon the ground and ' beaten cruelly while Zinita numbered the strokes.' | ' Hah !' said the king. ' And what were the words of this puppy V | 'These were his words, 0 King ; 'Bulalio the i-laughterer, who sits beneath the shadow I of the Witch Mountain, to Bulalio the Slaughterer who sits in the kraal Duguza— To thee I pay no tribute; if thou wouldst have the axe Groan-Maker, coma to the Ghost Mountain and take it. This I promise thee thou shalt look on a face thou | knowest, for there is one there who would be avenged for the blood of a certain Mopo.' £*ow, while Masilo told this tale X had seen two things—first, that a little piece of stick was thrust through the straw of the fence, and, secondly, that the regiment ^of the Bens was clustering 011 the slope opposite to the kraal in obedience to the summons I had sent them in tho name of Umhlangana. The stick told mo that the prince* were hidden behind the fence waiting the signal, and the coming of the regiment that it was time to do the deed. When Masilo had spoken Chaka sprang up in fury. His eyes rolled, his face worked, foam flew from' his lips, for such words as these had never offended his ears since ho was king, an! Masilo knew him little, else he had not dared to utter them. For a while I10 gasped, shaking his small spear, for at first ho could not speak. At length he found words ' The do«,' Vio hissed, ' the dog who dares thus to spit in my face ! Hearken, all I An with my last breath I command that this Slaughterer be torn limb from limb, ho and all his tribo ! And thou, thou darest to bring me this talk from a Bkunk of tho mountains. And thou, too, Mopo, thy name is named in it. Well, of thee presently. Ho ! Urnxam ama, my servant, slay me this slave of a messenger, beat out his brains with thy stick. Swift ! swift I' Now, the old Chief Umxamama sprang up to do tho king's bidding, but he was feoble with age, and the end of it was that Masilo, being mad with fear, killed Umxamama, not Umxamama Masilo. Then Inguazonca, brother of Unandi, Mother of the Heavens, fell upon Masilo and ended him, but was hurt himnelf in so doing. Now I looked at ohaka, whg etoo4 shaking the little ^rea tpca-, 5asd thought Ewiftlr', for the bonr bad < eome. - . .. ! ' Help!" I cried, ' cme is claying the ting" ; •As I spoke He reed fence' burst asunder, and through it plunged the princes Umhlan gana -andlDingaan, as balls plunge through a bri-ke. Then I pointed to Ohska with my withered baud; sating, 1 Behold your king '' Now, from beneath tbe shelter of bh kaross, each Priuce drew out a short stabbing spear, aud plunged it into tbe body of Chaka the king. Umhlangana smote him on the left shoulder, Dingaan struck him in tbe right tide. Chaka dropped the little spear bundled with the red wood and looked Tonnd, and so royally that tbe princes, his brothers, grew afraid and shrank away from Twice he tooted Oh each ; then he epoke, ssyitig: ' What 5 do you slay' me, my brothers—dogs of mine "own house,, whom I have fed? Do yon slay me,- thinking to possess the land and to rule it? I tell you it shall not be for long. I hear a sound of running feet—the feet of a great white people. They shall stamp you flat, children of my father ! They shall rule the land that I have won, and you and your people shall be their slaves !' Th"s Chaka spoke while the blood ran down him to the ground) and "Again he looked on them roj-dfiy-, like a buck at gaze. ' Make all end, O ye who would be kings 1 cried ; but their hearts bad turned to water and they could not. Then Ts Mopo, sprang forward and picked from the gfoutid that little assegai bandied tfith the royal wood— the same asseg&i; with which Gh*ika had rcilrdeted Unandi, his mother, and Mrnsa, my sou, and lifted it on high, aud while I lifted it, my father, once more, as ahen I was | young, a red Yeil seemed to wave bafore my ! eyes. ' ' 1 Wherefore wonldst thou kill me, Mopo v said the king. ' For the sake of Baleka, my sister, to whom I swore the deed, and of all my kin,', I cried, aud plunsjed the spear thfoiigh him. Se sank down.upon the tanned os-hide, aud lay there dying. Once more he spoke, and once only, saying i ' Would now that I had hiuirkencd to the voice of Nobjrla, who warned me against thee-, thtjii dog'' Then he was silent for even But I knelt over him and cUled in his ear the names of all those of my blood who had died at his bands—the namo of ii.akedama, my father, of my mother, of An.idi my wife, of Moosa my son, and all my other wives aud children, and of Baleka my sister. His eyes and ears were open, and I think, my father, that he saw and understood; I think also that the hate upon my face as I shook my withered hand before him was more fearful to him than the pain of Sieath. At the least, he turned his head aside, shut his eyes, and groaned. Presently they opened again, aiid he was dead. Thus then, my father, did Chaka the King, the greatest man who has ever lived in Zululand, and the most evil, pass by my band to those kraals of the Inkosazana where uo fdeep is. In blood he died as he had lived iu blood, for the climber at last falls with the tree; and in tile end the swimmer is borne away by the stream. Now lie trod that path which had been beaten flat, for him by the feet of people whom be bad slaughtered, many as the blades of grass upon a mountain side ; but it is a lie to say, as some do, that he died a coward, praying for mercy. Chaka died as he had lived, a brave man. Ou ! my father, I know it, for these eyes. saw it and this hand let out bis life. Nosv he was dead and the regiment of the Bees drew near, nor could I know how they would take this matter, for, though the Priuce Umhlangana was their general, yet ail the soldiers loved the king, because he had no equal in battle, and when he gave he trave with an open hand. I looked round; tbe princes stood like men amazed ; the girl had fled ; the chief Umxamama was dead at the hands of dead Masilo ; and the old chief Iitguszonca, wh;i had killed Masilo^ stood by, hurt and wondering; there were no others in the kraal. ' Awake, ye kings,' I cried Do the brothers, ' the impi is at the gates ! Swift, now stab that man !'—and I pointed to the old chief— 'and leave the matter to my wit.' Then Dingaan roused himself, and spring ing upon Inguazonca, the brother of Dnandi, smote him a greit blow with his spear, so that he sank down dead »ithoiit a word. Then again the princes stood silent and amazed. _ ' This one will tell no tales,' "I cried, pointing to the fallen chief. Kowj i. fumoilr of the slaying had got abroad among the women, who had beard cries and e& n the flishing i t spears above the fence, and from the women it had come to the'regiment of the Bees, who advanced to the gates cf the kraal singing. Then of a ■sudden they ceased their singing and rushed ■4/owards the little kraal where we stood. ^ Then I ran to meet them, uttering cries t>f wo3, holding in my hand the little assegai of the king red with the king's blood, and spoke with the captains iu the gate, say ing— * ' Lament, ye captains and ye soldiers, weep and lament, for your father is no more ! He who nursed you is no mors ! The king is dead ! Now earth and heaven will come together, for the king is dead !' ' How so, Mopo T cried the leader of the Bees. ' How is our father dead T ' He is dead by the had of a wicked wan derer named Masilo, who, when he was doomed to die by the king, snatched ihis assegai from the king's hand and stabbed him; and aftewards, before be could be cut down himself by us three, the princes and myself, he killed the chiefs Inguazonca a>:d Umxa in»ini also. Draw near and look on him who was the king ; it is the command of Dingaan and Umhlangana, the kings, that you draw near and loak on him who was the king, that his dentli at the hand of Masilo may be told through all the land. ' You are better at making of kings, Mopo, than at the saving of one who was your king from the strnke of a wanderer,' said the loader of the Bee*, looking at mo doubtfully. But liis words p issed unheeded, for some of the captains went forward to look on the Great Oi e who was dead, and some, together with most of the soldiers, ran this way and that, crying in their fear that now the heaven and earth would come together, and the racc of man would ceaso to be, because Chaka, the king, was dead. Now, my father, how shall I, whose days are few, tell you of all the mattets that hap pened after the death cf Ch»ka ? Were I to sp jak of them all they vould fill many books of the white men, and, perhaps, some of them are written down there. For this reason it is. that I may be brief, I have only spoken of a few of those events which befell in the reign of Chaka ; for my tale is not of the reign of Chaka, but of the lives of a handful of people who lived in those days, and of whom I and Umtilopogaaa alone are left alive—if, indeed, Umslopogaas, the son of Chaka, is still living on the earth. There fore, in a few words I w ill pass over all that came about after the fall of Chrka and till I was sent down by Dingaan, the king, to summon him to surrender to the king who was called the Slaughterer and who ruled the People of the Axe. Ah ! would that I had known for certain that this was none other than Umslopogaas, for then had Din gaan gone the way that Chaka went and which Umhlangana followed, and Unislopo gaaa had ruled the people of the Zulus as their king. But, alas ! mv wisdom failed me. I paid no heed to the voice of my heart which tuld me that this was Um slopogaas, who sent the message to'Chaka, threatening vengeance for one Mopo, and I knew nothing till too late ; surely, I thought, the man spoke of soma other Mopo. For thus, my father, does destiny make fools of up men. We think that we can shape our fate, but it is fate that Fliapes uk, and nothing befallB except fate will it. All things are a great pattern, my father, drawn by the lnnd of the Umkulunkulu upon the cup whence he drinks the water of his wisdom : and our lives, and what we do, and what wo do not do, are but a little bit of the pattern, which is so big that only the eye of Hiin who is above, the Umkulunkulti, can see it all. Even Chaka, the slayer of men, and all those lie slew, aro but as a tiny grain of dust in the greatness of that pattern. How, then, can wo be wise, my father, who are but tlio tools of wisdom ? how can wo build who are but pebbles in a wall 1 how can wo give life who are babes in the womb of fate 1 or how can we slay who aro but spears in th<s hands of the slayer ? This came about, my father. Matter? were made straight in the land after the death of Chaka. At first people said that Masilo, the stranger, had stabbed the king; then it was known that Mopo, the wise man, the doctor and body- servant of tho king, had slain the king, and that tho two great bulls, his ' brothers Umhlangana and Dingaan, children ' of Senzangacona, had also lifted spears 1 againBfc him. But he was dead, and earth 5 and heaven had not gojtte together, so what | 'tmm I limllHyi*!'1!1 did it matter? Moreover, the two new kings promised to des! geniij" with the people and to lighten the heavy yoke of Chaka, and men in a bad case are always ready to hope for a better. So it came about that tr.e only enemies the princes found. were each other and Eugtr&de;, the sin of tJnanda; Ciiaka s half-brother. But 1, Mopo, who £#snoir_' the first man iu the land after the tings, ceasing to be h doctor and becoming a general •srent up against Engwade with the regiment of the Bees ana the regiment of tie Slayers and «note bin in his knnl?, It was a bard fight, but iu the end I destroyed hitfl and all bis.p2op]e; Enga'ade killed eight men iPtb his own hand before I slew him. Then I came kick to tl e kraal with the few that were left alive of the two regiments. After ihii the iiro kings Start e]lpd_more and more, and I weighed them both in iny balance, for I would know which was tbe most favorable to iile; lii the end I found that /eared nfei but that Umhlangana would certainly put me to deatn if ne gaiued the upper hand, whereas this was riot yet in the mind of Dingaan. So I pressed down the balance of Unihlangaua and raised that of Dingaan, sending the fears of Umhlangana to sleep till I could cause his but to be sur rounded. "Then Umhlangana fallowed upon the road of Chaka hip brother, the road of the fcBSegai; and Dingaan ruled alone for awhile. Such are the things that befal princesofthisearth, my father. Seo, lambuta little man, and my lot is humble at tbe last, yet t ha.-e brought about the death cif three of Uieto) ahd Of the*e tfro died by my hand. Tt was fourteen dars after the passing away of the Prince Umhlangana that the grea* army came back in a sorrj' plight from the marshes of the Limpopo, for half oi i hem were left dead of fever and the might of the foe j a ad the" rest were starving. It was well for then who yet lived thut Ghaka was no more, else they had joined their breth&Hi; frho wfere dead on the way ; siuce never before for many years had a Zvlu impi returned ud vicH-rioiis and without a single head of '•'cattle.' Thus it catna about, that they were glad enough to welcome a king who sjiarsd ineir lives, and thenceforth, till bis fate found him, Dingaan reigned unquestioned; . Sow; Dingam was a prinfce of the blood of Chaka indeed ; for, liite Chains lie wis grt at in presence 8nd cruel at heart, but he had not the might and the mind of Chaka. More over, he was treacherous ind a lair, and these Chaka was not. Also, he loved women much, aud spent with them the time that he should have given to matters of the State. Yet he reigned awhile in the land. I must tell this also; that Dingaan would have killei Panda, his half-brother, so that the house of Senzangacona, bis father, might be swept out clean. Now, Panda was a man of gentle heart, who did not love war, and therefore it was thought that he was half witted ; and, because I loved Panda, when the question of his slaying came on, I and the chief Mapita spoke against it, and pleided for him, saying that there was noth i g to be feared at his hands who was a fool. So in the snd Dingaan gave war; saying, ' Well) you ask me to spare this dog and 1 will spare him, but one day he will bite me.' So Panda was made governor of the king's cattle. Yet in the end tbe words of Dingaar came true, for it was the grip of Panda's teeth that pulled him from the throne only, if Panda was the dog that bit, I, Mopo, was the man who set him on the hunt; <To be continued.) 