FICTION. From Knfiluh, Anorlenn, nuil Oilier Periodical!. NARROW ESCAPE. CHAPTER V. MURDERED. The mist in the morning was even denser than on the previous night. It was like a damp, white smoke, which, after exuding from the ground, waa too heavy to rise to any height. There waa no visible movement in it, as is usually seen in a hilly country ; it lay still and motionless, covering up the landscape, closing around the village, hiding one man from another though they stood but a dozen yards apart. The whole earth seemed to be saturated with water, the day soil being like a sponge, while every leaf and twig glistened with beads of moisture. There was a ceaseless drip from the trees in the cherry orchard, and at fre- quent intervals came the sound of a drenching shower, reminding one of the sea creeping onward over a rocky coast. I Between nine and ten o'clock a tall, strong, red beared man, wearing knee- boots, which were thickly I clotted with mud, walked slowly along the path ¡ and as he looked first one side and then on the other his face was pale and anxious. This man was Aylmer. , The ditch was the boundary of his property, for the field, with its long straight rowe of strawberries and violets, belonged to him. Though the public claimed a right-of-way through it, he had always strenuously opposed the claim, and, in consequence there had been much ill-feeling and many squabbles* Whenever he met anyone on the path, he never failed to treat him as a trespasser. He bad nearly reached the road when there came out of the miss another white face, also peering about as if for something lost, and, to his amaze- ment, he recognised Jopp - not the spruce and lively Jopp of his acquaintance, but a very woe- begone creature indeed. " What, you, Aylmer !" exclaimed Jopp, with a ghastly attempt at a smile. "I have forgotten something. I am going back to fetch it. How are you, old fellow ? It is ages since we met." ' He held out his hand, but Aylmer waved it away from him. " Stand back !" he said fiercely 5 " keep your distance ? Have you lied to me ? Answer me that." " What-what are you talking about, Aylmer ?" asked Jopp fearfully. . " About her whom you profess to love ? Does she love you ? Are you engaged ? Is all a foul lie ? Answer me, man ! Don't stand shaking there. By Heavens, it is a lie !" "Aylmer, hear me!" pleaded the miserable wretch, shrinking away from the hand which was raised to strike him to the earth. But, with a ludden shock of horror, Aylmer drew baok, Baying in a hollow voice that seemed to come out of the mist "What's that?" He stood as though he saw a ghost, his trembling finger pointing at an object in the ditch. Jopp started at the sight of it, and nearly fell. "A bodyl" said he, with chattering teeth " Who can it be, Aylmer?" Aylmer never answered a word. There was a dazed look in his face, as if he had been stunned and hib eyes wandering hither and thither, Beemed to be searching the damp ground for the clue to some dreadful mystery. But they soon came back again to that object in the slimy green water of the ditch. « Who can it be ?" repeated Jopp. " Some one lost in the fog ?" Aylmer dragged the body on to the path, and turned it over. Though the head was terribly battered, the features were uninjured. The mur- dered man was poor old Mr. Roden. At tLis shocking discovery the two spectators uttered a simultaneous cry, and Aylmer staggered back aa if he had been stabbed. The silence that followed was intense As he stood gazing down at that kind, old face, he mechanically pulled his handkerchief from his pocket and drew it across his clammy forehead. Jopp saw, with a shudder, that the handkerchief was stained with blood. "Is he dead ?" he asked in a hoarse whisper. " Can't you see that for yourself ?" After another pause, Jopp Baid, "How did he come here, do you think ?" " That is for others to decide." "There is blood on*your handkerchief, Aylmer,' said Jopp, pointing, " and blood on your cuffs ! How did it get there ?" " Mindyour own business," said Aylmer, roughly ; but he thrust the handkerchief into his pocket again. " Shall we take him to Crofton ?" If it was possible for Jopp's face to turn a more ghastly hue, it did so then. "No, not there-net there !" he gasped. "He lived there," said Aylmer, "and his wife died there. He would have liked to lie there at the last." " No, not there," whined Jopp. " Your house is nearer, Aylmer, and you are not alone. It would be awful to be alone with a corpse." Aylmer gave him a look of unutterable contempt, " I must ask you to help me," he said ; " I can't carry him alone. There is a hurdle yonder ; get it." He pointed at a hurdle leaning against the fence. Jopp tottered towards it, but had scarcely enough strength to drag it back with him. Aylmer stood by the body like a statue carved out of stone. Behind were the shivering trees, blurred by the mist, which phut out everything else. For these two, the world seemed to be confined to themselves and the dead man they .had to carry. Jopp's assistance, given only because he could not withhold it, proved to be of little value. He staggered through the slippery mud like a helpleBS drunkard; "-continually appealing to Aylmer, who stopped when asked to do so, but never once turned to apeak to him. Slow as their progress was, the orchard gradually faded in the distance j they left the. ditch and went along through the mist without any other landmark than the path, merely fin isolated little strip imme diately before and behind them. At length, a r shadowy building loomed up in front j by the side of the wall which enclosed it was a gate opening upon the road. Here they met the village policeman, a tall, active young felfow, whose helmet, coat, and beard were thickly powdered with moisture. He raised his hand to salute Aylmer and Jopp, butt- at the sight of their insensible burden his hand wa<3 arrested in mid-air. " This is a business that concerns yon, Naylor," said Aylmer. "Indeed, sir," replied Naylor, who, though talka- tive enough at most times, fully realised the need of caution now. " How did it happen ?" " It is a case of murder. There can't be much doubt about that." " Take my place, policeman," said Jopp. " I feel quite upset. It is enongh to upset anybody. I mast go home." " Did you see it, done ?" asked Naylor. " See it done !" repeated Jopp faintly. How often had that scene bee« enacted before him at Crofton ! " How can you ask such a ridiculous question ! We found the body in the ditch. Mr. Aylmer pointed it out to me." The policeman's eyes, which had been resting inquiringly upon Jopp, were now transferred to Aylmer. He was about to put the nest question, when, all of a sudden, his manner underwent a complete change. " Those stains on your cuffs, sir," he said, " how came they there ?" "My nose was bleeding last night," replied Alymer curtly. " But this is neither the time nor the place for talking. Let us go." Though Naylor took Jopp's place at the dead man's feet, he requested Jopp to accompany them in order to state what he knew. They had not far to go-barely fifty yards-past barns and outbuildings and farmyard. Beyond lay the garden, only a small neat Btrip before the house. Croll stood at the gate beneath an arch of leafless branches, which in the summer tim6 were covered with roses. Troubled about the events of the previous evening, fearful for his friend, and perhaps also for his friendship, he was waiting anxiously for that friend's return, and when he first caught sight of the melancholy little procession coming out of the mut, the shock made him cling to the iron bars for support. It was a relief to see Jopp, the man he hated, walking behind. Then whom were they carrying ? He flung open the gate and hurried out. "Who is it? What has happened?" he asked, not daring to look. " Poor old Mr. Roden," replied Aylmer. " Dead ? It can't be." " Murdered " After a blank stare of horror, Croll seized him by the coat. " Has he done it i" he demanded, thrusting out one hand ia the direction of Jopp. " No. Stand aside, Dick." They laid the old man in the drawing room, among a curious collection of exceedingly old-fashioned furniture, arranged in an exceedingly old-fashioned way. Curtains, upholstery, carpet, and rugs, all seemed to have faded together, and the air had a musty smell as if the windows were never opened. The room had never been used by Aylmer's uncle after his wife's death, and Aylmer himself seldom entered it. For forty years it bad remained prac- tically unaltered. After laying down his burden, Aylmer hastened back to the hall, and met Jopp on the point of coming in. He closed the door in his face. " Why did you do that, Mr. Aylmer ?" asked the policeman, who had witnessed the act. " Becauso I won't have him in the house." " May I ask why ?" " You may, but I won't tell you. Now, what do you want to know ?" Through the wiadow they could see Jopp going slowly towards the gatp. He had wanted to get away, and now that he had been sent away he wbb in deadly terror. It was a horrible thing not to know what they were talking about. Did Aylmer suspect him ? His manner was positively brutal. The three inside the house stood at the window their backs turned towards the stiff little couch whereon lay the object of their thoughts. They would have been lesB uneasy in the sitting-room, but it nev<sr occurred to Aylmer to suggest that they should move. In the fewest possible words he described the finding of the body, his companions listening in silence. They had beard all there was to tell, when Croll gave such a perceptible Btart aB to attract the notice of the policeman. On the carpet at hiB feet lay a cake of mud which bad evidently been detached fr*m the heel of a boot shod with iron. It had been there for some hours at least, for it was nearly dry. The clay of which it was chiefly com- posed contained a light sparkling of yellow sand, and in this respect it differed from the ordinary soil of the neighbourhood. There was a heap of similar sand by the side of the ditch. In another respect the sand was peculiar ; the colour of the greater portion of it was dark red. It was still in Croll's power lo conceal what he had discovered. He might easily have put hie foot on it. but he disdained to do so. Had his faith in his friend wavered there was his own theory to sustain it. The policeman saw the mud and picked it up. " What have we here ?" he asked quickly. " Only a lump of clay," replied Aylmer, not with- out a slight change of colour. " It comes from the scene of the murder, unless I'm greatly mistaken. There is sand like this there. " There is, I believe." " It is stained with blood. Nobody answered this. " And it is nearly hard, sp we have not brought it in with us. It has fitted a heavy boot-something like yours, sir," added he, gravely, looking at Aylmer. " Very likely it has done so/' said Aylmer, as if that ended the discussion. " We won't keep you any longer, Naylor. You have heard everything now. There will be au inquest, of course. I will trust to you to give the necessary notice." The policeman hesitated before going out. His manner suggested a desire to apologize for what he had done or might be compelled to do in his official capacity ; but, receiving no encouragement to speak, he merely said, " Good* morning," and then left the house. ' Croll Bof tly closed the door of the drawing room and followed Aylmer into the sitting room opposite. But he could not sit down by the fireside as Aylmer I did ; he paced uneasily to and fro, stopping at intervals in the hope that an explanation would now be given to him. Aylmer, however, was in one of his fits of gloomy abstraction, and he did not shake it off until he was spoken to. " This is a terrible affair, Ralph," said Croll. " It is a terrible affair, Dick." "Think of that poor old gentleman lying yonde^ and his little granddaugher alone in London ! What will become of her ? She UBed to take care of him. You should have seen her tending him, as if she were a mother and he her child. Who wil1 take care of her ? Who will tell her ? Do mur- derers ever think, Ralph ? Is he mad ?" "Who?" " The murderer." "We must find him before we can answer that." " And we shall find him," exclaimed Croll vehe- mently. " He shall not escape ; I swear it. Much good," added he sadly, " that will do his victims." He took two or three brisk turns up and down the room before he spoke again. Then he stopped and asked rather nervously "Did you meet Jopp laBt night ?" "No." "Whynot? Was he out?" " I didn't get as far," replied Aylmer shortly. This was a strange answer. To Croll, remember- ing Aylmer's fierce determination to see Jopp at once, it was a perfectly unaccountable an&wer.; He waited, earnestly hoping that he would be taken into his friend's confidence, but he waited in vain. Afraid to pursue this branch of the inquiry further, he turned to another. " I was awake when you came in last night," he said. " Were you !" said Aylmer in careless tones, though he caat a furtive glance at Croll. " It waB not late." " No, not very. I could not help hearing voices." " My dear Dick, why not ? I had met a friend. What was there to prevent your hearing us ? What did you hear ?" " All sorta of odd noises." "We were dragging ia the couch. My friend slept here. "Was it anyone I know, Ralph ?" asked Croll wistfully. " No, Dick, it waB not." Again Aylmer relapsed into silence, and again Croll resumed his walk. Who waa this mysterious visitor ? Why had he-or was it she ?-come late at night, and gone away early in the morning ? What was the meaning of all this secresy ? " I am going back to town, Ralph," said Croll stopping abruptly. *&' Why ?" asked Aylmer, with a starred look. " Because I am only in the way here." " Nonsense, Dick. What has put that idea into your head ?" " Surely," replied Croll, speaking 4 even more rapidly than usual " it is a very natural idea. You don't want me here ; I'll go. But if anything happens- if I can help you in any way-sent for me, and I'll come without a moment's delay. Good-bye, Ralph. Will you sent my things about me?" Aylmer grasped the hand extended to him and held it firm. He was strangely moved. When he spoke it was in tones that his friend had never heard from him before. " Don't go, Dick," he said. " Don't leave me now. I Bhould be very happy if I were not very miserable. You were quite right ; the fellow lied. "Jopp ! To be sure he lied. But you have found him out ; matters will run smoothly now. Why should you be miserable ?" Aylmer pointed towards the drawing room. " Ah, yesy' said Croll, to whom this was a sufficient answer, " But what of the child ? She must be told she is alone in the world, and some one must take oharge. I would gladly do both"-he hesi- tated and glanced nervously at Aylmer-" but I have not a home to offer her. " You mean I have." " Yon have spare rooms here, Ralph. She would not bother you much. She is a regular little old woman. She can, dust, and clean, and sew, and cook. You don't know how many things she can do." " It ia no use, Dick." said Aylmer, Bhaking his head. " She can't come here." " Why not ?" asked Croll, with disappointment. " There are reasons-strong reasons-which I can't tell you. Perhaps," added he musingly, " if I were to write to her-to Mrs, Fosbrook-she would take the child. Shall I write?" " Do," said Croll eagerly. " I will carry the letter." (To be continued.) 