THE IMMORTALITY OF rHE SOUL. Tas sermonspreached by Father Hilary, Passionist, at the R.C. church, Tatura, during this week are of an altogether salerior ecder, being marked by great depth, sublimity of thought, and intense learning; besides which he is an ac complished elocutionist, and an almost perfect orator. With him there is no superficial skimming over of the sub ject, but he thoroughly and completely exhausts it, not leaving it until there is absolutely nothing more to say thee anent. Thus, each discourse becomes an intellectual treat, and so far from bearers being tired of listening, the de sire is for more. Of sermons during the mission we, soljoined. give a re port of that delivered on Monday even ing, as a sample, the subject being SThe incorruptibility of man." The following are . the words of the text, taken from Wisdom ,II, 21.23 : -' These things they thought, and were deceived :for their own malice blinded them .... For God created man in cormo tible, and to the image of His own liken ess He made him." Fatler Hilary?paid that he remem-i bered having read of a man who I euffered teom doubts as to the reality of the next life. He entered an old church lard, and, in order to pass away the spare time that jieihad, went from one t tombstone to another, trying to reckon nip the hietory of the individual who was buried beneath. At last he came I to an old worn-out tombstone, rs worn that it was absoulutely incapable of coa veying to the observer any information as to who lay there. The man stood t ever the grave, and wondered whose it was. Perhaps it was some one who i had made his mark in the world. He anight have been successful in business, and wsalthy, an en, rgetic public man, full of high aspirations, but now his very tomb was silent, and all his good .qualities and aspirations had passed 1 into total oblivion. However, a whi.per I eame to him who was then pondering , over the grave, that ian was crestea .incorruptible. The body may he buried and moulder away, but the soul lived on forever. Now, it would not be out of plaee, that evening, if those present considered some truths concerning their eduls, becase it people ,lid not know the worth of a thing they would not I walue it. If the worth of the immortal soul was not known, the possessor could eos va!· e it. Illustra ive of this, he ientioned that at one time there was a poor old broken-down sailer living ,ear the senshore, who, bee nming wurse in tealth, a d ,dto, called to see him. As the medical man was re: iring he nioti ed on article shining so ,ewhat on the snantel - idecs, its brightness being I -dimmed by. an accunimmulation of dust. In reply to einquiries the sick man re plied, "Oh, I found that years ago on the 'enech and lit it uaway there, n- t thinking it was of an) use." The doct r •thetn informed hi]n that it was an ahnl,ot r pirice-i'ss gem. It was the same with us a all. In going through the world we t .dlil not heed the priceless gem con cmined in the h!ood of Jesus Christ: ,e slid not know its value, HIe would I diist of all ask, " What is a soul ?" To I t aiswer this questionl it was nec-ssary to go back to the creation of the first [ soul, which, I y the Great Crestor, was i dbroougtrt ut of sotlring. Scriliture said I ,that nian was aite out of the sJime of ,the earthl. Man, so niade, wie perfect t inll ev ry way, ,XCeept that thtre was o lyr 4 statue of clay with no soul. Then G. d . tail, " Let Us make man01 to our image- t Fatlher, on,antll HlyGhost-" (G(n I.) Ilow the ang ls in Heaven must have wondered that God could make man t ,ike himself. But God breathed the breath of life into the clay, and tman be -ame a living s ol, with iutellig.nce, independence, free will, and possessed of knowledge. Ever since then Gd created the soul in the same manoer. The only thing that God m ,de in the present day was the soul. God was the inlmediate Creator of the soul, and lhatever was created by God must be perfect. Every soul was thus perfect. Look in the slums etm;ereat city, and observe the 1oor, vagged, neglected child, the outcome of sin and shame, yet that child's soul was of more value to God than all the rest of the creation. The sun might be bright, and the stars declare the glory of God, but the ragged child could love God throughout the countless ages of eternity. There were manifold characteristics of the soul, one, in particular; being its immortality. It could not die. If those now before him realised that, the work of the Psasionist Mission in this district was already se complished; they would then be enabled to work out their ow.. salvation. He would ask his hearers to bear with hite, for ra entent or two, if he were philo sophie. The esol could never, never die, because it posseessed not the prin eiple of corruption. Nothing that God created was ever annihilated. What took plaee was merely transmutation. Take a mnicroscope, and apply it, when it would be seen that dacay was merely the separation of particles of matter. The soul had not the principle of cor zuption, and why? Because it had not the principle of separation; it was a spiritual substance. This we know from the operations of the soul, such as thinking, memory, abstract ideas of truth, lore of God, and virtue. All this was spiritual, and idepen dent of matter. The soul meaet, of necessity, be spiritual. If the soul were a vegetable material, for instance, it could never give a thought. What cannot corrupt cannotdie, sad what can not die must last for ever. It wis as serted by medical scientists that our bodies changed every seven years. At the end of that period nt a particle i: mained of what wa formerly hereo. If that was so, dlid they mean to say that the same soul was not in the body ? No. We could go back, in thought, to the days of our childhood ; it was the soul that dlid that. He would never forget a , few years ago, when in England, tsking notice of the remarkable appearance of the late Cardinal Manning. There lihe was, 82 years of age, shbivelled and emaciated, as if his skin were drawn tight over his bones. The body was worn out, lint the soul remained there, shining bright and vigorous as vr, r. It was well known that certain ijuries to the lrain produced insansibility or mad ness, but the soul still remained, in proof of which was the fact that luna tics, after years of mental aberration, usually regained their senses, just im mediately before death. He had been told this by the medical officer in charge of the Colney Hatch Asylum, in Lon don, where there were 8,000 patients. The soul was perfect, linbut sometimes owing to the body being worn out it could notact through it, just as, however talented a musician may be, he could not play if his instrument were broken. The soul could nev.r be come im: erfect. He hoped to be ex cused for dwelling so long on the point, but what was his object ? It was simply to impress his hearers that they could never die, but must goon living forever and for ever. Think of that ! Where was that eternity to be passed ? Could they grasp the meaning of it? No; because it was infinite. He would give ~rEi'instance of its infiniteness. Had they ever"thought of the vastness of space. This earth, to us, was very big, but it was like a little grain of sand on the shore of eternity ; the sun was only as a star to it. Imagine an ex press train, running ty the rate of 30 miles per hour, without stopping ; it would occupy 350 years to reach the sun, and that was the nenrest star to the earth. Light travelled at the rate of 186,300 miles per second, yet it took 15 years for light to come from one of the stars (Alpha Centauri) of the Sout hero Cross. Oh I God, what space is around us. Yet when we would have floated every star and planet in space by sheddling a tear every 1,000 years, Eternity, one moment of it, would not have passed I t would .be just the name eternity before . us. Such was eternity. He would ask them, where were they going to spend thlse countless millions of years. It must be eith r in lappiness with Guol, or in misery and euffering. No wonder Jesus asked, " W hat shall it profit a man if he has the whole world, and lose his own soul ?" How little we think about the awful eternity before us. When all passed away we should be .either with God, or with the souls of the damned. If we could realise that, we must either love or hate God for ever. We would not be fools, and so he would sty to those "resent-Bl on the sure side. Goid grant thern a good opportunity. It was his m.ission' to preach the Mercy of God, and the Passion of Jesus Christ. He wa' sorry to say that it was very easy for a soul to be damned, on account of its being so easy to get into a habit of grievous sin, ant hard to get out of tie habit. A m-(n might go to confession one week, and be guilty of the very same sins the next week. He would urge them to attend confession and holy Mass with a set purpose to abandon sin. How many could say that thley wiere striving to go to Heaven . When in perdition the souls there in torment would try out, " ()Oh, God I how long am I to remain here; will I ever escape." And tihe i,,. tlu nn -if hell, swa .3ing from side to side, itn reply, would point alternately to the words written up, " For ever never ;" " Never-fror ever l" The difficulty of the ministers of religion of to-dsy was .o make thiiigs easy ; for instead of people taking up their cross and bearing it, their only thought seemed to be to get rid of it. God wis not going to give Heaven for that. If there were any work or object of the world to be served, it would be readily responded to ; but when a matter c3neerning the immortal soul was involved, it was looked upon as being such a troub!e. In conclusion, lie implored ill pres, nt, in God's name, to keep the command ments of God, and avoid sin. 