Among The Boxers. THE SULLIVAN-SLATIN CONTEST. Joo Goddard's Reply to M'Auliffe. A LETTER FROjI OIIOYNSKI. .„ Tlio Byan-Goadiri-il Fiasco. . MELBOURNE RING NOTES. .The Jim Biu'ffe-Jack Hall Contest. ' THE TORPEDO IS TOWN. Beckett mill Vnlcutlne — The Latest— '-.Mitchell mid Corbett. Mutclied— Eng- lish Joltings— American Gossip— .. ' , ? Ami the Very Latest From Everywhere. (Br ' The Amateur.') ? Young Denny is wanted at this office. % . Billy Murphy and Jim Barren fight at tbo Goldou Gato Club uext Tuesday night. ' If JooGoddard comes across Ned Eyan I guess something will liuve to break. .loe liouciara- says rie wonc lihk ngui. tu M'Auliife until after March noxt, when he will bo happy to tiRcommodivte biui. Both Barnts and Powell aro getting Tory fit for their contest, which takes plauo at tho Olyinpin Hall, Newcastle, on Saturday, February 20. It will bo a great go. Bill Slavin, a brother of tho redoubtable Paddy, has succumbed to Brooklyn beer and climate, and was iu the Brooklyn City Hospital at latest advicos. 1 Jim Richardson, who fought big Pablo on Saturday night at the Olympic, has in him all tho qualifications of a lighter. Under proper tuition ho should dorelop into a first-class niiddle-woigut. Ho will yet be heard of in connection with championship contests, or I am very much mistaken. ? ? ? : Mick Dnnno can be backed up to .£100 to fight Herb Sinnott, tho well set-up Victorian boxer, whom Yankee Sam says he will back to whip Mick. If this pair meet on thoir merits, both fit and woll, it EHould be a great go, and I don't think Mick would havo things ull his umi way. ' Both Beckett and Valontiue aro hard at work getting fit for the amateur heavy-, ?weight championship, which takes placo on February 22 next, at tho S.A.G.C. On Satur day Valentine called on mo with reference to un increase in the side-wager, and then and there depositod a cbequo for £?-;- which ho hoped would bo promptly covered. Andy Pennolly called in yesterday in reference to tbo increased side*wagor, and stated that ho would guarantee that the amount would he covered directly 'Beckett's backer returned, for tho latter is away in tho country at 'pre vent, bub n.s lie is expected back on Thursday ?ho Valentino contingent may be perfectly jure of the amount deposited by .them being covered beforo tho end of tbo week. Old Jim ? Bargo is back again looking younsor than ever. Somehow Jimmy can't got old, and ho says he feels, and certainly Jookn bottor tlian over ho did. Ho tells mo that ho bud a high old time iu Tasmania, and Mint everyone was very kind to him. Jim must be every bit 10st, perhaps a few pounds over. Anyhow, he's going to set to work iu earnest to get hard for his forthcoming light with clever Jack Hall, which takes place this month at the Melbourne Athlotio Club. Jack Hall will havo to be real well if ho wants to beat the iron man, and I for ono. don't think lie can. Jimmy's all right, and he'll be all thero on the night in question. A match is likely to oo arranged shortly be tween J. Goggins and Jack O'Brien, for a purse of .£25 put up by tho proprietors of the Mount Zeohuu (Tas.) Athletic Club. Goggins, it will he romomberod, was tho man that fought Bill Jennings, and was beaten by him in seven rounds. Tho Keferee correspon dent in Tasmania states that this mill will bo * splendid go, as both men will bo well matched in height, weight, roach, and clever ness. Goggins is a decent, quiet, unassuming lad, and in tho last in the world that would ever bo taken for a pug. He badly wants to havo another cut at Jennings, and our corres pondent states that if Jennings is willing a ? decent purso will probably be forthcoming. , ? The ' Torpedo' on Tocr. Billy Murphy, and Young Denny spar at Gonlburn on Friday evening next, and on the name night two local light-weijthls named Fulham and Smith fight to a climax for a Durso of .£10. ? Vaneee Sam's. 'Tho shortest fight on record.' That remark was made by moat of thoso present at tho Yankoo showman's pluco on Saturday night, when Herb. Sinnott beat Bob Falvoy in one punch. Tho hall was crowded, as usual, irith a heap of sports, who were all looking forwnrd to see a real good fight. It was a light alright, but Falvey hadn't tho ghost of a show with his scientific oppo nent, who Bottled him iu Ies3 than half a minute's fighting. Anyway, it wasn't Sam's fault, and Falvoy and Co. lost their money on the fight in a fair and squaro fashion. I always had a. great idoa of Herb. Sinuott's abilities as a fightor, and I am quite satisfied that fit and woll he's a very tough customer l'or Mick Snhno to tackle, and so Mick will find when he and Sinnott meet. There ?will be two fights to a finish botweon two hoavy-weigbts from Miller's Point and two well-known middle-weights, at Yankee Sam's Hall, and there will be in addition tho usual number of four and six-round spars preceding theso two battles. ' Yankee Saji'3 Hall. Tbo genial showman, Yankco Sam, informs mo that ho lias a Hbow on for Saturday night ?wbioh will surpass anything bo has yet sub mitted to the Sydney public Two heavy, jreigbts, coal lumpers from Miller's Point will fight to a finish for a fide-wager of i£K- and a purso bung up by tbo club. Jack Wickcs aud Toby Travew fight on the same night. * ..'.???»,:' » . ? ? The Olyiipic. On Saturday night last thcro was a capital *bow at tho Olympic,- which was duly ap preciated by tho large, audience that had, rolled tip to witnosB tho excellent programme - set down for discussion. Some excellont four round spars took place between Syd l!ari'.O3 and Charlio Dunns, . Joe Pablo and Jim Ag.ir, and Oriffo and Chiddy Kyau, all of which hugely dolighted the 'audioiicu. . Tho chiof event set' down for discussion was a fight to a finish between .Kin Richardson and big ' Pablo, which ended i.in viotory for Kicbardson, aftor eight hard rounds had been fought. Tho latter fought vitb the gvcatest determination throughout, ami showed Pablo that bo was no duffer. 1'uMo had to turn it up in tho eighth round, nifliijj' fo his k'fffl giving way, still in any case I ilon't think ho would have had a chanco with KichardAOu, .although' thn lattor wag giving away a lot of( weight. Riohardoon is a coming man: and withpropcr tuition will develop something like championship form, or oho I am very. much mistaken. Tho programme mider notice .was good throughout, and a credit to tho new management, who. if they only keep to tho prune utaudard, will mako tlimi'M bum at the Olympic before very long, JCctjce'to Melbourne Aoents.— On and after Wednesday next, Fobruary 17, tho agMiay for tho RxyEnr.s in Melbourne and suburbs will bo transferred from Mr. A. Benjamin to R. A. THOMPSON and CO., of 233 Little Collins-street, from whom all lupfliea will iu futuro bo obtainod. _c, _ . » Thero is a lottor lioro for Jaolc Fuller. . * ? # Harry West will ploase oall . at tho' Ooldon Gato. Club, as be is wantod on urgent busi nesB. . . ' - ? ? ?''?»;.' ?,'?', Joo Riddlo and Boli DouohoM aroraatohod to fiffbt ton finish at'.tho, Goldou. Oatu in a fortnight's timo. Joo will havo to bo woll to beat tho Balmain lad, who is fast dovolop. ing into u llrst-oluss lighter. , At tho Olympio noxt Saturday night Charlie Osboruo— not tho Osborno who fought Duuohars ou Saturday last— and Tom Simp son fight to a finish for a substantial purso put up by tho club. Tlicso lada ought to nroviuo a willing mill, as both aro in good biinklo and as gamo as they can bo. Tboro will ho the usual uumhor of four-round spars, which will ho a bit abovo tho uvorago, and tho whole programmo will bo thoroughly good from start to finish. - * ? ». ? ' v Billy Murphy is off to America by tho Mouowai, ii ui will get to business direotly ho sots his foot ou 'American, noil. Billy says that somo of tho sports ovor thoro think from what they havo'read that ho has lost somo of his fighting ability. ' Havo I,' eays Billy, ' I reckon I'll surprise 'oiu thon, when I get there, you know. Anyhow, anyone wlio wants my bolt 'II havo to travel mighty hard to boat mo for it.' ? ? ? The San Francisco Post says: — 'Paddy Gorman will not do. In his fight with the Blaok Pearl ho lost what littlo local prestige he had by actincrlikoa cur. Ho quit when ho had strength enough to continue tho fight, and then ouuninirly tried to hurl tho blamo of bis defeat on Billy Mahan, who acted us time keeper for tho viotor.' Bridgeport Conn., has been struck by tho prevailing atbletio boom. Tho other evening 70 now members woro received by tbo Bridge port Athletic Association, which now has a gymnasium and ovor 200 members. Bii.lt Morphy v Jim Barren. Noxt Tuesday night tboso lads meet in a contest to a finish at the Golden liato Athletic Club for a purse of -£50, put up by tho management, tbo wholo of which amount is iu tho hands of tho Referee. I havo so often written about tho ability of both theso lads that it would bo a farco to repeat all that I aud othors havo said as to their merits, and it will suffice when 1 say that the mill ought to be a sploudid go from tho outset, for both lads aro in good nick, and will bo thoro to fight to a finish aud a finish only. Tho prices of admission have been fixed at 10s and 5s, aud this roduced rate should ensure a packed house. Tboro will bo Eomo good pre liminary sparring before tho fight, and tho whole programmo will mako a good night's oittertaimnnnt, and well worth the trilling cost -?t admission. rtn.-ffFO AXD MlCK M'CABTT. Mick M'Carty1 challenged Grifi'o at tlio Olympic last Saturday night to light for tbo Featherweight ChampiPUShip of tho Worh aud a side wngor, in uddiliou- to il substantial purso. Tho lads mot by appointment yester davat tbo Olympic, and finally decided to fight in about iivo weeks' timo for tho Championship, a sido wafter of * J25 each., and tho gate. The contest will take placo at the Olympic, which has been rented by tho lads for this occasion. All details will bo arranged and articles signed on Friday next, when they will, moot at the Olympio to put up tbo side-wager and fix ?Jiings generally. I can't say I funny Mick's chance against tho littlo wonder, and I enu'fc imagine why ho didn't take on Chiddy Ttymi first (who was quite willing to moot him), be fore flying at such high game aa Grift'. How ever, Mick's old enough to know his business, and ho evidently thinks bo's got a good elinuco of whipping him, oHierwiso he'd probably havo let this job alone, and a. mighty tough one it will bo, I can promise him. * # * The Golden Gate Athletic Ci.db. On Saturday night this newiy re-organised institution opened its doors to the public, nm presentod a good programmo to a very good bouse. The joy of the evening was tho fight to a finish between Tom Osborno and Hob Dencbors, for a purso of -CIO put up by tlio management. This was 'a' stubborn mil throughout.and after eight roimds of hard and fast lighting Osborno had to declare himself a beaten man. Throughout tbo fight tho strictest order was preserved, and as the con testants fought fairly tbo rofereo's daty was almost a sinecure. Howovor, tho fight was a real good ono, and sent the audience away in a happy frame of mind. Previous to this con test four round spars took placo botwoon Jackson and Stephens, Mick Ryan and Dave Carroll, aud Stanley ncd Toby, all of which were duly appreciated. In future there will ho a good programmo Hot down for discussion every Saturday night, aud our readora cannot do better than go and havo a look at a hliow which promises to bo something' out of tho ordinary, and well worth inspection. In Now York they say that Slavin mado the match with Peter Jackson becauso ho ivns afraid to moot Sullivan. Ono of Sullivan's frieuds is thus quoted in the Son :— It seems very plain to mo Hint Slavin is bwUii* to evade a match witli Sullivan. I liuvc iilivats thought that the Australian preferred to Jieup cluitr of tlio champion. I am- recall untliii)k- in Sluvin's course that is evidanca tluit Sluvin wan over siuoure in niuuifOHUiix a desira to fight Sulli van. Wo know that Sullivnu liaa Imd for ivoufcs money up to l.inda mutcli, nnd that Slavin him not covered it. I hear that Shivin went aheail with Jitcksou because Sullivan retimed to meet him until unit September. This i» Ilimsj pretext, in. deed. Ono thin* h sure, and that h if Sluvin showed .my HlmrimeiH. ami ut the same timo Intel a real desire to .meet Wullivj.il, ho could lm-o piinod a hit; poiufc for himself by coverini; tho mouey ami demanding that Sullivan 'should fight iu, say, three or six mouths. Ho docn not seem to htwo imu tho nerro, or sninotuiiiff, of doing oreii tlint. It mao be thut he htM had it whispered to him that if lit eiinio out Iliit-ioo'-cd ami cullml fur Sullivan in fk-h theatrical' contract to' tho winds mid remarked, 'Thatjjoea.' It looltn us If Sluviu had not been smart or tioucttiu tho business. I reckon that friend of Mr. John L. Sul livan's who is responsible for this pieco of wrotchod drivel, would not be a dcmirablo man to have as a backer, in fact, I should iniuKino that Sully would givo him abit of his mind if he personally camo across such a paragraph as the above, v/ritton by a would-bo sport who evidently doesn't utiduraUud what ho is writing about. 