Strange Diseases and Strange Remedies. ? — v— ? Thero is an interesting paper in Ohamhera's Journal upon ' Strango Diseases and Strango Remedies' as observed, and practised in Ireland. Credulity and suporstition are nofc confined to tho lower classes alone in Ireland. A story told mo as an actual fact by an. educated lady, the daughtor and sister of a clergyman, might very well bo classed as an instance of both. We were discussing the subject of charms, and I was surprised to see that she believed in them herself, and did also her reverend brother. ' I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself,' she said ; and told us the following tale, which I give in her own words : — ?' There was a man in our village, a respectable storekeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his cheek. I woll remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile in church when I was a child. He sat a few pewa in front of us, and I could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service, and looking for the grotesque effects of his enormously ex aggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase with years, and the poor man was a frightful object. One clay not long ago I passed a man in the village street whoso face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name. It suddenly dawned upon mo it was Mr ? without his swollen check 1 I could hardly believo my senses, and followed him into a shop on purpose to see if it really could bo the man I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a short tiruo. Yes, it certainly was Mr. ? . Ho addressed me first, saying, ? I suppose you hardly rocogniso me ;' and ho then told mo how he was cured. It was by a charm ! He was advised to go out tho first night tho new moon was visible, and, after suying ' In tho uamo of tho Fathor, Son, and Holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner plato round nis hoad nino times towards tho now moon. Ho did so ; and in tho morning his tumour hud completely dis appeared.' Such was tho tale told to tuc and implicitly boliovod in by an educated Irish lady. Tho lower orders of Irish nre as a rule rather hypochondriacal, and thoy are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ail menu. A favorite poultice for wound is a paraffin candln scraped and somo cablmgo, nil boiled togothcr. A simple hut rather un pleasant remedy for a cut log was rrooin iiicudod to un old man — it was to sit with his log in a bogholo all night. This ho triod with porloot success. Ilia log got quite well ; but, as ho died of bronchitis a few days after wards, ho did not long onjoy his ' perfect cure.' A uarpontor who in chopping wood had cat a slico oil* his shiiibono with the hatchet, first applied n poultice of nettles ami salt. This not hoiling it immediately, ho put on a bnndago soaked in Vonieo turpentine. As tho wound remained obstinate, and oven gut worso unMor this gontle treatment, ho determined to be firm with it and show it ho would stand no more nonsense ; so ho burned it with blucstone ! He did not lose tho leg, but it did not recover until less heroic reme dies were used. A poor mau suffering from inflammation of the eye oausoil by a thorn, had Milestone blown into it. Ho did Ioho tho eye. A favorite remedy for every kind of internal pain is hot vinegar punofi ; indeed, vineg-ar taken either cold or hot is considered almost a specific for everything1. It must be comforting iu somo cases ! It is much used for a 'squoezin' on the hart, ' which is the commonest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in ensos of sickness, either with nursing or good nth ice, but I fear in most cases the remedies prescribed are far worse than tho disease. A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young biacksmith whoso wife had presented him with tho first baby wqb horrified to find that tho infant had been born with tooth. So un usual an event must be unlucky ; so the poor baby's teeth woro drawn by the uuslr led hand of the blacksmith. Tho baby died ; and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scone died soon afterwards. ' But, suro, he'd never have had luck or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't bson dhrrsw.' Am Exciting Ciu.si3. — A wire from Wuggu yesterday says :— There was great excitement in \Vagga to-day when pistol shots were heard on tho rircr close to tho town. It was discovered that a prisoner named Thomas Shelley, uuilor»-o;ng' a son tonco of six months' imprisunuiont for larceny, had escaped from the prison, which is situated in the contro of the town, about 50 yards from tho river bank. Sholloy was sent to cut wood in the front yard, which is surrounded by an ordinary picket fence, ono side being' about three foet in height. While thoro, under pretence of going to tboclosot, Shelley cleared tbo lonco and ran to the rivor, quickly followed by Warder Oliver. Tbo latter fell goinjr down the bank. By that timo Shelley was in tho water, und the warder firod five shots from a small revolver, none of which hit tho prisoner. Shelley swam to tho other side, and Senior-sergeant Powell followed in n boat. Sholloy then ran along tho bank and got about a quarter ol a milo away, when somo horsemen wont ovor tho bridgo and gavo cIiuro, followod by Inspector Walker. Whou about hnlf a mile trotn whoro ho crossed tho stream bo was Inkon by Mossrs. J. Cullen and J. Bont, put into a vohiclo, and brought back to gaol. Whon ho landed on tho north sido of tho rivor ho appeared to bo exhausted. Ik-covering quickly, howovor, ho ran ahead ot a good .speed. The fugitive had neither hoots nor soaks on at tho timo, Shelloy is about S? yonrs of age, and only has about two montliH longer to serve, lie was regardod as a quint sort of man. IIom.imvay'f. Ointmun-j anu Pills.— A froquont cause ol gotil rhoiimatism is tho iuflainmatory state ot the blood, attended with digestion and gonoral debility. A fow dosos of tho Pills taken in timo an effectual preventive against gout and rheumatism. Any ono who has an altuck of either should uso Holloway's Ointment also, tho powerful action of which, combined with the operation of tho Pills, must infallibly effect a euro. Those Pills act directly on tho blood, which thoy purity and improve. Having cmoo subdued the sovority of theso diseases, per Kevoranoe with tho Ointmout, after fomenting tho affectod joints with brino, will spoadily relax all stiiTuo.ss and pruvoalany permanent ooutruot) 