THE NOVELIST. THE MYSTERY OF HERNE LODGE. By tub Eabl' ok Desart. ClIAP rait IV. a vloir, and a holiday. "Up rose tho sue, and up rose Emily " some few mornings after the ovor.ts hist recorded, and carried oat a schomo sho had been turning over in her mind for soino 30 hours, as she sub sequently informed me. Sho had ascertained that Miss Arthur began hor day by a few lessons in tho neighborhood, then returned to hor lodgings, and had half an hour or so to hersolf boforo going up to town for tho main portion of hor day's' work. So Emily timed hersolf to catch her nnd liko all women intent on catching any thing, especially perhaps trains, wns a little too soon. Sho imperiously ordored tho " slavey," who answered tho door ("such a wretched littlo house, my dear, with a stoircaso that would not have allowed a fat woman lip it,") to show hor into Miss Arthur's room, on tho second floor, looking out into a gardon 50ft by 20ft, in which clothes worn hanging on n linq, and a lean cat was looking for tho mico, which even did lie flnil any, must have been as thin ns lie. Women are not, I know — for my wife says thoy are not — inquisitive, but somehow or other on this occasion, Emily bowrayed hor impassivo so.v, and did look about her, and did happen to seo a bit of paper on which was traced, in bluo pencil, a plan. " I don't know why I looked at it, John Vou sec it wasn't a letter ; and after all a plan can't have any secrets. Anyhow, I did look at it and I saw it, and I saw it wns tho interior of a houso, very carofully drawn, with tho names of tho rooms written in small letters, and I noticed particularly that tho words ' stairs to collar' woro underlined. Another thing struck me, just ns I hoard somoono coming into tho room, namoly, that a name had been written on the top of the paper and had been scored through ; but do you know, of courso it wasn't that but something liko it, but I could almost have uuuiuruu iuui inu uiimo wus nui'iic Lodge." My wife, it appeared, asked Miss Arthur casually afterwards whether she took an interest in nrchiteeturo, whereat tho young lady turnod pnlo, and went suddenly to tho tablo on which tho plan was lying. I did not lay much slrcss on this at tho time, but I ro- inomboi'cd it afterwards, and I put it down horn, in its proper place. Emily's littlo schorao was to ask Miss Arthur, whoso loneliness she pitiod, to soino and stay with us a little ; at least nnlil sho could seo hor way to living in a moro comforfcablo plneu than Omega Avenue. " What do you know of hor ? " I asked. " I know, intuitively, that she is good ; and anyone can see that sho iH charming." " But suroly, my dear, you will ask some one — hersolf ovon — about her antecedents and fainilv, nnd the rest of it?" " No. I shall not insult hor by any questions. Anyono can see she is a lady, by some misfortune, not hor own fault, out of her sphere. I shall ask hor nothing. Sho may confide in mo whon wo know each other better j but, I say again, I shall ask her nothing." " I will bet you two half-crowns to one that you do." "John, you kuow I disapprovo of betting ; but just to punish you for your gambling propensities, I will take you. Is it a bet ?" . "Certainly, my lovo. I will writo it down. Then Emily went off and invited Miss Arthur. At first sho refused point-blank, and said that my wi'"o did not kuow hor well enough to admit liar to tho in timacy which such a arrangement would necessarily entail. This objection over- como, there was me. How should I lilto a stranger pitch-forked into tho middle of our quiet domesticity ? As to this, I am shocked to say Emily, as far as I could gathor, was absolutoly flippant. In fact, I boliovo sho gavo Miss Arthur to understand tlmt in Home Lodge there was a Btrongor will, and that was not mine. She says sho only put it in tho way of my being so kind and considerate that I always wished hor to have what sho wanted ; but I shall entortnin my first impression to my dying day. Anyhow, the rosrlt wns that, one (ino day in October, Miss Arthur and hor modest bolongings drovo up in a cab to our door, and Miss Arthur herself took possession of what was called tho Bluo .Room, and bocamo ono of our house hold. I wished I had had time to con- sult Ralph boforo tho thing wns settled but Emily is Napoleonic in following up a victory anil gave mo no timo. Besidos ho wns off on journalistic work abroad, sonding homo gorgeous accounts of soino function to his paper, and tlioroforo inaccossiblo oxcopt by letter. Soon, sitting quietly ovoniug nftor evening bofovo tho iiro, with my- novel or mnga/.ino in my hand, and with Emily and Miss Arthur doing thoir work", or chatting in low tones near mo, I began, ns I told Emily, — and in tolling hor shocked hor considerably, — to think there is much to say for tho matrimonial .portion of Mohammed's crood. How shall' I deseribo Enid Arthur ? How would you doscribo an angol if sho- camo down to earth iu tho form of a lovely woman of: 22, and knitted stockings, and played chess or dummy whist, and chaffed you- mischievously, but deliciously, when you wore in high spirits, nnd talked so gontly nnd pleasantly of moro serious things, if you wore in a graver framo- of mind ? I do not know how to describe hor. There is a word much misused, iniulo almost common by many who scarcely know its import -.flic word fascinating. Sho fascinated ovory one. From Emily and mo to Peter, wc wcro in a ivook at hor foot. Tho butchor, whon furious ono day- that Peter's daily incarceration had boon forgotten, and Peter- -had gnuo for hiin, wns appeased, as if by magic, whon sho said a low words of laughing apology. My coachman (ho called him self coachman, although ho had only two fat animals to look nftor, and could not drive) wns her slavo whon sho had paid one visit to tho littlo stnblo with some broad for tho fat animals ; nnd ns for the boy who cloaued the boots and knives, aud who was looked upon by tho housohold ns a " limb," ho vowed that nothing would over iuduco liiin again to risk the displcasuro ho had soon iu her faco, whon sho had found him in , tho road tossing two olhor boys for half-pence. Iu :i fortnight sho wns Enid to niu as woll as woll as to Einily ; and iu anothor wook I was just as keen as my wife to pcrsuado hor to nllor hor nmmuueed de termination of going back to hor solitary aud fricndloss life. Just as wo woro at this fovor bent of admiration and affection camo a letter from Ralph. "Dear Old John," it said, "I am coming back at once, haviug dono my duty, and duly posted up tho B. P. as to how a sot of furrinora, concerning; whom they know nothing, aud caro less, liavo conducted a ceremonial, which is as mystorious to it — tho B. P.— as tho find ing of tho lloly Grail, or tho conscience of a politician. But, alas,— alas for you, not for 1110, — my lodgings nro gono. Tho Lnrcs and Penates arc cast out into tho bleak fog; while a tyrannical Board of "Works pull down tho homely but con- veniont edifice, in which tliov found asylum. I am a littlo richer — or less poor — than when I look thorn, and hiivo a fancy for establishing mysolf iu somo den more liko a homo. But I cannot do it from afar. A. pal is going to houso my goods, will you (it is moan, offering you tho most worthless of tho lot) will you house ?««, until I look round for ' oligiblo chambers for a single gontlo- niftn ' ? I ntn not afraid of your answor, or of Mrs. Woltor's; but, perhaps, Peter may object, and I know Jeans thinks me wasteful aboutspills. Hoyv- evor lam taking my courage in tho two liniwla /svtiirl InitifA l?iiAti/iUi(inrl Ti1iw>K»1. ""WO A A t W .1. iUIAV/MIMUll AJ1I£U8II to you I can't say), and shall appoar at your hospitablo gates boforo you have timo to say no. So ' don't, charming Judy Callaghau,' to yours over, " Ralph." I mentioned this lotter to my wifo while wo woro playing a rubber of, whist (with a dummy), and I fancied"" that Enid's color rose a liltlo as sho playod her trump — Emily had tho dummy — 011 my best heart ; and that sho was moro silent than hor wont' whon wo finished the game and I lit tho candles. But I thought no more of tho matter ; and proceeded to my littlo room, .which was at tho bottom of tho main staircase, to have my usual anto-bedtimo pipe, or pipos. Aud as the smolto ascended I lay back iu my chair, and thought of tho days whon — a dashing young donkoy with twice as littlo in him ns I10 thought I10 had, yot with an imaginative longing for goodness that was not quitoa foolish longing— I had pictured to mysolf exactly such a woman as Enid Arthur to live for, to fight for, to work for, to dio for. Not for a moment were even my smoke-dreams faithless to my good Emily, who had loved me and stuck to mo through thick and thin, and who was' n part of mysolf. But I was a little intoxicated to-night by the brightness of tho violet (were they bluo or violot ?) eyes that had beamod so kindly on 1110 across tho card-tablo, by tho constant sight of tho little white hand, unringod as a pretty hand should bo, which had fluttered so constantly before mo, and by the' voice with its undorlying pathos, its scarcely kept in music, I had been listening to at intervals that ovoniug. " To hoar Enid speak, even if it is only to say 'good-morning.' is hotter than to hear many good siugerB sing," J. had said ; and Einily, my . wife, so strong was hor fascination, had agreed with me ! But, porhnps, thinking it over iu cold blood, hor agreement was scarcely complimentary to hor husband's" power of attraction. AVoll, I sat and smoked and droamod, and in my ' nicotino-cloudod mind I found myself coupling Enid and Ralph. Thoy would, 1 thought lazily, mnko so pretty a pair: ho so" bright and iiiud and good nt honrt, nnd lazy ; and sho so koon to rodross wrong, so contemptuous of slmin, uud so full of boliof iu tho vory things I10 feigned to laugh at. As I filled a new pipe I cluiuklod to mysolf nvor my matchmakiug propensi ties, and— — AV"lmt was that ? A stealthy step on tho stairs ? Yos. I know tho croaking one, tho third from tho bottom. AV ho over it wns, burglar 'or not, was coming (loivn, not up. I waited. It passed my door, hoBitated (I was listening intontly), nnd then pausod. I Biiorod two or throo times loudly, and, ns I hopo, for Emily's sako, I do not naturally snoro. Tlion tho stop, light as a foathor (hut uiy hearing is acute, and the houso was still), passed on. Of course I followed. Had I at last tumblod 011 tho ronl genu- ino 'Horno Lodge ghost ? It scorned to bo iny fate to vainly pursuo mysteries in this house. Tho footsteps — I was without a light — took mo to tho door into tho passngo that led to tho collar stops ; tho passngo. at tho ond of which was the window that had been opened on a memorable occa sion. And my heart turned sick within me, when I had cautiously opened this door ; for thero, in tho saino attitude as the woman I had failed to catch on tho provibti? occasion, studying a paper, this timo by tho light of ono of onr glnss- shndod (hit candles;' stood Enid Arthur ! All Hal pli's warnings rushed into my mind ns I advancod, earing nothing for tho noiso I made, and jolting Iho door behind. mo swing to with a crash. To my astonishment Miss Arthur did not chatigo hor position, but. wont 011 studying tho papor in her hand. ' Thon, thrusting it into hor bosom, alio nd- vanccd slowly towards mo. : . I stood spoil-bound as bIio camo noaror and nearer, novel wnvor- ing, but walking straight down tho narrow passage with tho gait of 0110 weary and purposeless. Ilor oyos wore wide open but sho seemed to seo nothing. Certainly she did not soo mo ; but passed 1110 in the same monotonous way, through tho door, and up tho stairs. . I heard hor door open and Bhut and then I wont back to my don to think. The sumo spot — by tho window whoro tho lliiovos had entered, or tried to en ter, tho same attitude — poring over a bit of paper! But Miss Arthur was evidently walking in hor sleep. AVas tho othor woman walking in hor sleep ? Tho other woman. She must bo the samo. Did Enid walk in hor sloop from -Omega Avenue ? And how did sho got into this houso ? I romcmhorod tho mark 'of tho woman's boot under the window among tho marks of the bur glar's footsteps; I roinembcred tho glovoj.I remoinborcd tho sliriok that had preceded my discovery that night; and I eventually rotirod to Tost, as com pletely puzzled as was ovor a respectable citizen of London town. The next day Ralph Goring arrived, bringing with him his portmanteau ; and with him also tho glad intelligence that I10 had obtaiuod a short holiday from his ofiico, 011 condition that he kept it .well supplied with copy, and that, .tlioroforo, I could have as much of his company as I uhoso, by thosimplo oxpcdionb of giving mysolf a holiday too. As I had so much to' talk to him about this was vory ennveniont ; and noxt day — for 1 somowhat folta wish to put off tolling him what I had seon as long as possiblo — I recounted to him my curious night oxporieneo. Ho lookod very grave. " You are sure sho was walking in her sloop?" "As 8uiohis I can bo of anything." " That she did not start, ovon in tho least, whon you mudo tho noiso iu the passngo ? " " Of courso it is possiblo that sho did. All I can say is that I did not obscrvo it." Ralph pounorod for somo timo. vvo must Keep qmot ana watch, ho said at length, "and sho must notice nothing. Only miud, you must notico everything. Tho very smallest thing may give us somo cluo. Now did anything Iiappon yesterday — tho tiniest occur rence nt all out of Ihe way"? I know 1 hoard you using bad language after breakfast." " Oh, that was only that I had some how mislaid tho collar key." Mislaid it ? " , " Yos ; I put it down for a moment on tho table in inv room, or thought I did and couldn't find it. However, there 'it was, had got pushed under some newspapers, nnd I found it before din ner timo, luckily for you, my boy." " AVheu — at what timo did you find it?" " At about lialf-pnst 3 ; to bo accurate, just after I had been up to the statiou for tho evening papers." " And yon missed it nbout 11 ? " " Yos." " What time did Miss Arthur go out ? " " At hor usual hour, about half-past 10." " You \yent to tho collar nbout 10, and woro tlioro about fivo miuutes." " Yos, But what ? " " AVait a minute. Miss Arthur came back, ns I happen to know, for I mot hor iu tho hull at a littlo after 3." "AVoll, if she did?" " It may bo only a coincidence. I shall sit up and watch to-night." " AVfttoh what — where ? " " I shall watch tho collar." " You don't think Miss Arthur wants to steal my wine ? " "I don't "think anything. Have you any objection to my carrying out my plan ? " "None whatever, my dear Rnlph. But you will find nothing." ' AVo agreed that I10 should' cotno up stairs witli-ino nftor smoking, shut his door with a bang, creep down again, and station him-olf in the hottsokoopor's room— of coui'so in tho dark— whence ho could watch tho door to tho collar AVe routed out a dark lantern that was among my almost forgotten trooBuros of youth," and armed with this and a revol ver, he.: said ho should fool himself ready to face all tho wino stealers in tho suburbs. I chaffed him a good deal about his wild gooso chase ; but ho was moro sorious than I often saw him, and oven wont so far ns to say to mo Into that ovoniug, "I hate it, John,' I- hate it. Don't think 1110 a fool — you oughtn't to, for vou aro nearly as bad yourself — but I could alinoBt worship that girl. Sho'soems so utterly innocent, so pttro, so frank, nnd sho is so boautiful 1 But I must solve tho terriblo doubt that is iu my miud, though I feel that if my sus picions aro corroct I shall wish I had novor tried to do so. But I must know tho worst. Sho cannot bo the living Ho that my common senso tells mo she is." " Sho is a doar good girl,' I exclaitnod with somo warmth ; " and you might as well suspect tho Lord Mayor of coming horo to steal my brown shorry." " I hopo bo, I hope so. Now we'll go upstairs, and I'll got down again to my post." I was not surprised nt his being late noxt morning, nor to hoar from him whon he did como down that ' thcra was nothing to tell. Not a mouse had stirred, ho said ; and tho housekeeper's room' got confoundedly cold about day break. " I'll Yvoar my ulster to-night; and perhaps it might bo managed that tho good cook should not rake tlio lire out. Can't you tell her that your idoas of 'liousokeoping hnvo nltorod, and thatyou want tlio coals Yvnstcd, Jack ?" " AVhy, you are not going to bo fool enough- — " " To do son try again ? Yos ; ono or two moro nights. I'm ralhor an obstinate chap, nsl darosay you scarcely think. But I am, or I novor should hnvo induced tho editor of tho Monthly Star to lot 1110 educate pooplo much Yvisor than myself iu Ins columns, at tYvo guineas a columu." That nftornoon yvo made an expedi tion, as a holiday Yvithout an expedition Yvould bo n solecism ; and by the Yvay of novelty yvo went to London, and to. 110 loss n placo than tho South .Kensington Musoum. Emily Yvanted to comparo somo china thoro with somo sho had bought, a prodigious bargain (!), nonr Loiooster Square ; and" I always liked iny .foYV holidays to conduce to Emily's pleasure. Enid Yvas as de lighted as a child at tho prospect of going, aud as rapturously amused as a child when thoro ; asking hundrods of questions, which luckily Ralph could ansYvcr, for I could uot; and boing altogether so fresh, so ingenuous, and so bewitching that only tlio strictest soiiso of propriety, J. feol sure, preven ted Ralph and mo from casting our selves at her pretty foot. Judging from tho looks of tho inalo strangers who all stopped to gazo at her, I think a good many of thorn would luivo liko 1 to join us in our devotions. " I hnvo soon so littlo of tlio world, oxeopt its sorrows," I hoard hor say to Ralph, Yvlmso ability to explain the things had mado hiin moro familiar Yvith hor than ho had yet been. " And although I know there aro many boauti ful things, I liavo long ago begun to look upon thorn only as parts of a dream, and as non-existent. Do you think it is wrong to fool so foolishly happy just this oneo — for an hour or so — Mr. Goring ?" "AVrong ! AVhy, is it over wrong to be happy ? And is not youth tho timo to bo happy ?" _ "Somo youth is, I supposo," sho sighed ; and. ho (ho told 1110 all about this conversation nfterwnrds — long afterYvards) thought I10 saw tears iu hor eyes. " It is wicked to be sad, Miss Arthur, unless ono cannot absolutoly holp it. Ono's oYvn gaiety makes the Yvorld gayer for thoso around, just as ono's own sadness makes it sadder." " Yet you yvouIcI not havo ono always noting." She emphasized the word always, and colored when no looked, suddenly in hor faco. " I ilo not moan wo should over act," ho said, after an ombarrassed pauso. " But, of courso, people have ofton to bear montal pain, as they try to boar physical pain, in silonco. " But somo feel moro thnu others, both kinds of pain." " So thoy say ; but it is impossible to know how much may bo cnllousnoss, and how much bravery. I remember a boy at school with mo who seomed absolutoly to rovol in boiug flogged, and declared that it cnusod liim not tho sligiitest i neon Y'ouionco. I mot him j'oars afterwards, and ho confessed to 1110 that it hurt hiin excruciatingly ; but that, having once put himself forward as a pniu- eoiitomiier, ho felt bound to carry tho deception to its bittor ond. AVo all thought him a horo because he didn't care. Perhaps, in a doubtful causo, I10 Yvas more of a hero than yvo thought him." "Ah," said Enid, smiling on tho youug man, and mnking him feel (again I quote from his subsequent description) ns if. an Italian sun had strayed to South Kensington, and hit off a window of tho Museum to shino through. " I liavo road in some novel that gentlemen go out hunting although they hate it, aud rido ovor fencos, being all tlio timo in a horriblo fright. That seems rather uunecossary heroism, doesn't it?" "I 'know. very littlo about hunting. Miss Arthur. TI10 only time I over ivont out I Yvasn't exactly frightened, but quite lost my head, by some mirnclo keeping mysoat; and whon I recovered consciousness I found mysolf in tho middle of tho dogs, with about twenty riiifianly-looking porsons in red-coats ond John Bull boots calling mo horrid names. Thou I got a fall, and missod my Iiorsn whon I got up, and had a sevon-milo walk homo in snow- showors ; and had to pay I don't Icuoyv what for damage to my stood, and a lot moro to tho doctor who put my collar-bone right. I never hunted again." Sho laughed merrily nt tho gravo Yvny in which ho ended his story. " You liavo 110 ambition to bo an un- ' uoccssavy horo ?" " None. A jog-trot existence suits 1110, I am.siugulnr enough to liko oniy tho plonsuros tlmt amuso 1110 ; audi prefer to confront danger tho com bating of which leads to somo good end." " Yon nro fond of pleasure?" " AVhen I can got it ; and I mauago a good deal." " That is boeauso yon knoiv Iioyv to extract it from commonplace things, I soinotimos think I was intended by nature to bo ablo to do tho samo." " Tho great tiling is uot to mind tho minor Yvorrios of existoneo." " Aud tho groat misfortunos ?" Sho lifted a pair of sad oyos to his ; and for the soul of him, ho told 1110, ho could find 110 words to aiiBYVor. AVlmt yvrh tho shadow over this young lifo ; tho bittor momory that stood botwocn so sweat a nature aud the happiness that yvus its duo ? Tho pair Yvero silent Yvlion yvo rojoinod them; Einily 111 a radiant frame of mind, hnving discovered, ns sho supposed that tho cloisonn&o; china in tho Musoum Yvas uot nearly so valuable as that yvo had in a glass cupboard at homo.. AVo won fc into the liineheon- room and sat down to a light ropast ; all of 11s a littlo thoughtful ; Emily over hor pleas urable discovery ; Ralph and Enid (why was it that, knowing what I." know, 1 could not refrain from coupling thorn?) because their bit of talk had givou them cause for thought ; and I — well, boeauso I was uot accustomed to holiday mak ing, nnd found it far moro fatiguing and soinoYvhat loss interesting than work. However, yvo all rallied after a fow moments, and if tho conversation wns a littlo forced, thero was plenty of it. Ralph held forth nftor his usual Yvhimsi- cal, paradoxical manner, trying to prove that Art yvas' in itself an ovil thing; insomuch that it showed workaday mortals Yvhnt a snd sordid thing was reality; and Enid surprising iny wife and me by tho aptness of hor repartco, an! tho quickness with which alio soizod upon each of hor adversary's mistakes. Sho had taken off her gloves, and with tho neatness — or is it somo mys terious economy ? — of Yvomcn, had turned thorn inside out, nnd placed them 011 tho table before her. All of a sudden — ns Ralph wns in the midst of a porfoctly apocryphal story of a friend of his, with a blamolcss moral record, and blessed by tho posses sion of a wifo and six lovely children, who had gone iu an ovil moment to Floronco, and had fallen in love ivilh Del Sarlo's Judith, from that moment becoming a wicked luisbnnd and a scoundrel father — his oyos happened to fall on Iho gloves, which as ho sat next to Enid, yvoto close to his hand. Ho stopped, fiilloroil, tried to go 011, and thon miserably broko doYvn in his uarnitivo. I triod to cover his retreat as bo3t I could ; but 1 sayv Emily's puzzled look, and I sayv Enid glanco at him with an expression of wonder. It Yvas not until yvo Yvero Yvalking to gether back from tho statiou to Hcrno Lodge — the ladies having driven — that I got an opportunity of questioning him on tho subject. "Do you romombor tho glove that you found with tho jemmy, after your night alarm ? " I said that I had not forgotten tho circiimslaiico. " Did you cxiunino it- carofully? " " No. It Yvas a small kid glovo with two buttons, that is all I kuoYv of it. But — — " "You shall sIioyv it 1110 Yvhon yvo got homo, and wo can comparo." " Comparo Yvhat?" tasked; but ivc woro close to the houso, and I10 did not recur to tho subjoet till we- Yvero again alone logcthor. " Show 1110 tho glovo," I10 said, and I noticed that his manner yvhs curt, al most gruff. Lhnnded him tho glovo, aud ho gavo me a bit of paper. " T !»nniwl vvlm f. 10 n»i Hi n r. lit r\ P vm \- W"|"VM « IU Wll BIIHU UIH Ul , a picco of our luncheon menu, from tho inside of one of Miss Arthur's gloves that lay beforo mo on the tablo. Read it." I rond, " Antonio Ateudonza, Madrid." " Aud there," Hinging 1110 tho gloY'o across tho tnblo, linlf turned back, " what do you road thero ? " Antonio Atendenzn, Madrid.' AVlmt the douce doos it moan ? " I gasped. "Moan!" Ralph jumped up, and walked up and down tlio room rapidly once or tYvjco in intense excitement. " Mean ! Do you know that I meas ured that woman's footmarks oulsido tlio YvindoYV, that .T. stole, yos, stole (though it Yvas only for live minutes), ono of Miss Arthur's Yvalking boots ? Do you know tlmt tho moasuroinonts exactly tallied? Oh, my God, Jack, is it a hideous dream, or what can it bo? " iiu sRiiR.iuu) a ciuur, ana pressed 111s hand over his eyes. Then, shaking himselt liko a dog coming out of tho Yvater, he rose ; nnd I saYV a sot, stern look upon Ralph Gor- ing's faco that I had never seen thero boforo. It made him show the stornor side of his naturo. "I mean to soo this out," I10 said, abruptly. " As your friend I havo a right to' do so. As her friond, woll, there I havo no rights. But for your sako, and for your wife's sako, and "per haps for hers, this must be clonrcd up. Now I am going back to my post of vantago. Don't bo surprised if I ring tho boll tor my hot Yvntor at any hour to-morroYV. I am not a AVollington, and I do reqniro my sleep." And I10 Yvnlkod away, for oneo not humming a tunc. As for mo, I yvus simply in a fog. And Londoner ns I Yvas, I could not tnko that position as a matter of courso. ( To be eonliniteil.) At Snlonica (says tlio Times) in tho ruins of tho mosquo of Hagliia Sophia, destroyed iu tho fire of 1890, somo im portant discovorios havo boon mado bonring 011 Iho Byzantine poriod. On "tlio top of tho minnrot, which boforo tlio firo could bo ascoudod only by Mosloms, Professor P. N. Pnpagcorgion has dis covered nnd deciphered tlio sopulehral stono ot an archbishop of Tliossaloniea hithorto unroeoi'dod, Yvho ruled that church attor Euphomianus nnd before Noilus in the first half of tho fourteenth century. It boars tho name of Grogo- nus, and tlio dato of his dont his .1335. Tlio inscription is in Byzantino charac ters, aud cut on a slab measuring 1.3S motros by about O.CO. Somo mural painting of Groek saints bearing in scriptions hnvo also been found at tho samo tiuio, 