THE COMMERCIAL VALUE OF SOUTH AFRICA. By Odr Travelling Correspondent. LONDON. 15th April. The reader of Rider Haggard's wonderful books. King Solomon's. Mines , She, Alan Quartermain, and tho other works in whioh tho scono is laid in that unkuown and unexplored region which lies to tho north of British and Dutch South Africa, must havo often been puzzled to know what substratum of truth there was in tho highly imaginative fictions which tho autjior lias iuventcd. There socros., no. doubt that tho country north of the. ; South. African Republic, which Li now placed under British iniluenoo cud is held under a moro or less stable tenuro by the British South African Company, has had a remarkable part, whatever Its futuro destinies may be. Situated within the tropics, and extending from 16 deg. to 22 deg. south and from 33 deg. to 26 deg. east longitude, its geo graphical position may render it too warm for European colonisation, although the elevation of much of tho oouutry, which is on a plateau 4000 feet abovo tho level of tbo sea, renders the climate as cool as that of tho Darling Downs in Southern Queensland. But there is no doubt that tho geological formation contains tho rocks in which gold is found ; that tho country was worked by the ancients, and was the sourco from whioh tho Persian aud other eastern nations obtained thoir supply of gold ; that a considerable area of gold boaring rock is still awaiting development, and there is uorao reason to believe that Mashonaland is tho ancient Opuir, uuu iuat iuu Quuon of Siiubu liveu some where in the neighborhood. The serios of intriguos and negotiations be tween Briton and Boer to obtain a prepondera ting influence in tho vast territories which lio between the Transvaal and tho Zambesi, a river which flows into the Indian Ocean in latitudo 19 deg. south, are matters of history. The Dutch iuhabitants of South Afrioa had pushed north ward from the neighborhood of Capotown, and had 44 trekked," generation after generation, until thoy had got inside tho tropics. The Por tuguese held possession of tho coast from Natal to about 10 deg. south. For a considerable period It looked as if the British would havo been elbowed out of South Africa. . The cry of a strong party, which was strengthening overy day, was 44 Africa for the Afrikander, from the Zambesi to Cape Town." It was estimated that in tho Cape Colony out of every thrco white pcoplo two were Dutch ; that in tho Transvaal and the Free Stato out of every ton whito people nine were Dutch, aud that it was only in Natal, whoro there were four English to ono Hol lander, that tho proportion was reversed. The change was caused by tho development of tho Transvaal goldfiolds. Just as the discovery of tho precious metal in New South Wales and Victoria precipitated the Australian colouies into a nation, so the Transvaal goldfield made South Africa British, and not Dutch or Portuguese. Mr. Cecil Rhodes and his friends turned their attention to the great native territories lying to tho north of Capo Colony and of tho South African Republic ; the powers that rule in Downing-strcet saw that the moment had arrived for making a deter mined stand ; Sir Georgo Warren's expedition was followed and strengthened by a declaration of British rights to tho various native territories lying between the Transvaal and tho Zambesi, ancl the British South African Company, forti fied by a Royal Charter, acquired from tbo Matabele chief, Lo Benguls, who was the ohief ruler of Mashonaland as well as of his own country, tbo mineral rights over tho whole of tho vast territory in exchange for a subsidy of £100 a month and a supply of rifles and ammunition. Tho result of this series of events has beon that tho wholo faco of South Africa is changed. For the first timo in tho history of that portion of the globe sinco its occupation by Europeans tbo way to the north has been blocked. During a period of 250 years the Dutch in South Africa bad evor had tho north as a country into which to <4'trok" if thoy desired, and generation after generation tho Boers havo stoadily advanced from thoir original settlement on the shoros of Table Bay till thoy havo reached Mossamedes, on tbe west coast, 2000 miles from their point of departure. But these migrations &ro; now stopped. If the Boer leaves his own republio in the Transvaal to go further north he must go under restrictions imposed by British civilisation and British con trol. So much has been undoubtedly gained. Tho political aspect of South Afrioa has entirely changed, and tbo following extract from tho paper read by Mr. E. A. Maund on tho 12th April, at tho Royal Colonial Institute, describes the prosent condition of South Africa: — 44 Our masterly activity as a great oolouising Empiro has never been more keenly exemplified than by the rapidity with which we have occupied, and are now developing, the resources of Mashona land. Quietly, without any fuss, except perhaps on the part of n few Parliamentary opponents to the expansion of our Empire, without calling on tho taxpayer to give dclat to tho event by tho employment of red coated battalions, this vast territory has been opened up to English commorco aud colonisation by private enterprise. Fortified with a Royal Char ter, tho British South Africa Company havo 4gono in and possessed this good land' without striking a blow or losing a life in hostili ties. Never iu tbe annals of pioneering has an expedition on so large a scale been carried to bo successful an issuo in so short a time. It was marching, it must be remembered, into a coun try unknown ; threatened by tho warlike Mata bele on their west flank, tho inert Portuguese, roused by sheer envy into a scmblauce of energy, on tho e&Bt;, aud the Boers organising a much talked of trek from the south. In one year, all theso difficulties have been diplomatically arranged, and to-day the Matabolo aro working for us, tho Boers are farming with us, wbilo the Portuguese havo joined hands over the Pungwo railway. Thus poaco has been so well assured that tho company has been enabled to disband its paid force, and a burgher volunteer oue now replaces it." South Africa is now virtually British ; that it will remain so depends upon whether or not tbe country is worth occupying, and upon that point tho evidenoe is somewhat contradictory. Lord Randolph Churohill is very emphatic in tho one direction, while Mr. Maund is equally positive on the other. Thcro may bo no evidenoe that Mashonaland was tho ancient Ophir from which Solomon is said to havo received gold to tho valuo of £900,000,000, but there is little doubt that it was occupied about 500 years before Christ by the Persians, who employed slaves to work the gold mines, and built sovoral forts, of whioh tho ruins still exist at Zimbabyo and othor plaocs, in order to overawe their work man slaves. When Vasco di Gama visited East Africa in 1497, ho found it inhabited by a serai- civilised race, not muoh inferior in refinement to his own countrymen. The chiefs and principal inhabitautB wero richly apparelled in silks nnd fine cottons, and the women were adorned with ornaments of gold, silver and pearls. Camopens, in his Lusiad, gives expression to tho pleasant surprise of tbe Portuguese at the first sight of these newly found friends. All Ethiopians aro they but it seems Thoy have commune with some superior race ; Tbey say tbat ships as long from stum to beak As ours are wont to navigato their seas, That they go forth from enuteni shores to seek The coast that southward broadens and from them Back toward the birthplace of tho sun they sail Unto a laud of men like as of feature pale. Tho country was called Monomotama, and it was said to be of great fertility. In Heylin's Cosmography, published in 1656, thoro appears the following interesting account of the Monomo- tapa, whioh is identical with what to-day is termed Mashonaland: — "Tbe air hereof is said to be very temperato, and the country very good and pleasant, well watored, besides tho two great rivers mentioned— Cuama (Zambesi), Holy Ghost (Limpopo ?)— with tho streams of 1, Panamai; 2, Luanga; 3, Arrngo; 4, Man- geano, and certain others whioli,. carry gold with them in their sands. By means whereof it hath not only abundance of Corn bat great storo of Pasturage; on whioh thoy breed infinito Herds of Cattel and other Beasts very largo and great ; such store of Elephants that they kill 5000 yearly for no other reason but to make merchandise of their Teeth; thoir Gold, mines, great ond small, reckoned to 3003, uomo in the hills of Magnice, others in tho province of Matuca and Boro. The people are of moan stature and black com plexions, but strong and active, courageous, and of such footmanship that they outrun horses ; their apparel cotton cloth, which they roako or buy from somo other place ; their diet is Flesh, Rice, Millot and an oil they call Susioman." After speaking of tho inexhaustible mines of gold, the author dcscribos ruins whlob even then 1 wero ancient. "Most memorable for a large, and In those times an impregnable Fortress, built for merly by some foreign Prince to secure tlio mines ; built of square stones, and every atone of marvellous greatness, without any sign of cement or othor mortar ; tho walls hereof 25 span thiol:, but tho height not answer&blo; ; over tho gato certain characters written, which the most learned of tho Moors could never read. Perhaps tho work of somo of the JEthiopi&n; or Abassinc Empcrours, when thoir power and Empiro was at the highost. By tho Inhabitants, who concoivo it to bo a work 'bcyoirtl1' ' Hliman power, it is thought to havo beejj' 'built by Doviis ; but by those who take Sofafa" for the Land of Ophir ascribed to febldmoiL1' Tho King hereof, accounted ono of tho greatest of Africk, hath under his com mand, besides tho provinces described — (1) Matuca, (2) Torra or Batun, (3) Boro, (4) Quitioni, (5) Inhamban. Some parts of Cafraria, of great riohos in regard of mines of gold, which so abundantly supply nil the royal occasions, that he cxacteth no kind of tribute from hiti subjects. Among cities mentioned is Simbus, supposed to be so called from Agisymba of Ptolomie, tho chief town of Torro or Batne, distant from Sofaln, one and twenty days' journey, and neighboured by tho remains or ruiucs of the Old Fortress, beforo described " probably tho modern Miller's System of Geooraphy , published in 1752, gives the following description of Mono- motapa, derived probably from Portuguese scones: — "Monomotapa is ono of the greatest empires in nil Africa." Speaking of tho capital city, 44 It is a largo nnd populoussoity; and tho streets very long and spacious. Tho greatest ornament of tho oily U tho impel im! palace, which is a largo spaoions fabrio well flanked with tower9, aud has four avenues or statoly gates. . . Tho climate of Monomotapa is much moie wholesome than many other parts of Africa ; and tbo soil is so fertile, that it pro duces a great plenty of tho principal necessaries of life. It abounds with pasturo grounds, on which are bred prodigious quantities of cattle, especially oxen and cows. The chief grainB are rice nnd millet, and they have plenty of various kinds of tropical fruits. Ia tho forests are great numbors of wild beasts, particularly elephants, tbo latter oft which the natives kill, not only for their flesh, but also for their teeth, which they make con siderable advantage of by selling to tho Portu guese. Thoro aro many rivors in this country, and on the banks of most of them grow many fine trees and sugar canes without any culture. In some of them is found gold that Ib swept away from the mines. With respect to tho natives, they nro in general tall, well shaped and healthy; thoy are quite black and have woolly hair, which they decorate with a variety of trinkets. The Emperor or King of Monomotapa hns a prodigious number of wives. . , , Ho always wears tho same kind of dresH, whioh consists of a robo made of silk stuff manufactured in the kingdom. A numerous army is maintained by tbo king ; for be has no cavalry, there being few horses, and thoso not fit for tho purpose, throughout his dominions. With respect to tbo gold mines in this empire from which tho For- tugueso havo reaped considerable advantages, the chief of them are in Manica, near tho capital of tho same name. They extend them selves through a large, spacious campaigue, wild, sandy and barren country, about 90 miles in circumference, and surrounded with high moun tains. They arc situated about 150 mUns west of tho market, or place whero the commerce for it is carried on. The natives that work at them , find great difficulty in gathering tho metal, whioh is here in dust, for want of wator to sepa rate ib from tho earth, so that they aro obliged to take tho whole as they dig it to other distaut places, where thoy keop large cjstcrns and reservoirs for that purpose. They have ono convenience, however, which is that they need nob dig lower than 6 or 7 feet, all the rest being & hard solid rock beneath that depth. Thore are also other miues in different parts of the empire tbat produce excellent metal, par ticularly thoso near Batua. Tlicso mines are reckoned the most ancient in the wholo empiro on account of some castles in their neighborhood which hoar the greatest marks of antiquity, and aro supposed to have been built as a safe guard to them. The roost distinguished of these buildings is situated in tho middle of a large spacious plain, and surrounded by tho mines above mentioned. Its walls aro uot high, but of the thickness of 25 feet ; the stones are laid regularly one upon another, but without any kind of cement to fasten thorn togcthor. On tho front, just over tho great gato, is a stono larger than the rest, and upon it an inscription in characters, or rather hieroglyphics, which are so unintelligible, that no person hath yot b&cn; able to dccyphor them. And at some distanco from this building aro several others, all situatod on some eminence or rising ground, and nmongst them is a tower 70 feet high. The natives imagino them to be the works of demons, being unablo to conceive how such structures could bo raised. There aro several considerable places betweou tbo mines and tho sea coast, whero fairs and markets arc held for the sale of gold, particu larly those towns on the Zezcbo and Cuama, and where the Portuguese havo built fortresses to keop tho natives in awe, who come to thoso markets to exchange their gold for European and other commodities. The Fortugueao were first permitted by the Emperor of Monomotapa to build forts here, in gratitude for tho services they bad done in contributing to reduce some revolted vassals to return to their obedience. This was about the year 1640. Tho natives, besides gold, bring great quantities of ivory, furs of suudry wild and tame beasts, and other valuablo articles, iu exchange for cloths of various sorts, glass beads of different sizes and colors, and other trifling trinkets, which ron- ders it a very advantageous comracroo to the Portuguese." But whatever may have beon tho ancient civilisation of Monomotapa, in tho ruder state of civilisation which succeeded it a dark age of savagedom and Blavery -followed. Tho Portuguese occupiod tho coast, and contented themselves with reducing tho inhabitants to slavery and selling them to the planters of Brazil. Tho people deprived of arms, and of tho largor number of their population, wero invaded by the Zulus from tho south. Umzili- kazi with his Matabeles occupied tho high land in tho interior, while Gaza and his Zulus took possession of tho const. The workers in the white stone (quartz) were exterminated, and tho only vestigos the race has left bohind aro the numerous Bkulls which aro still to be found in deserted shafts. The most recent exploration of the country since it fell under British influence has not been from the coast of the Indian Ocean, whioh would be the nearest and most direct way, but through Bechuanalaud, and tho explorers havo Buffered terribly from want of water and from- tho ravages of the tsetse, which, although not largor than a com mon house fly, will destroy any beasts of burden, although Its bite is innocuous to man and to the nativo wild animals. A moro direct means of reaching tho country and its oapital, Fort Salis bury, which is in about 18 deg. south and 31 deg. oast, would be by a railway starting from the mouth of tho Pungwe River in Portuguese territory, aud this line will shortly be com menced. The moBt important question is not, however, tho past histoiy or the auriferous wealth of tho country, or its accessibility, which is only a matter of time and money, but its climate, tho fertility of its soil and tho wealth of its gold- fields. Mr. Maund, in tho paper which he read recently beforo the Royal Colonial Institute, expressed a very favorable impression upon &U; these points. He states: "After having been over the country and seon tho mines aud tho vast mining opeiatiouB carried out by tho anoicnts with their primitive means, and their inability to crush . any but tho softest parts of tbo reef or their casings, I am con vinced that the best has been left for ns, with ottr modern appliances for gold extraction." But in my opinion this does not by any means follow as a matter of course. Largo quantities of goldareno doubt 'still in situ throughout Masho naland, but it 'li'tiofc certain that It would pay to work them. X|Av|as -shown in the interior of Argentina, in the provinco of San Luis, near ono of tho eastern spurs of the Andes, a large half worked out goldfield, and was told that it had not been touched since the days of the Incas. I remarked thnt a gold mining com pany provided with modern machinery and holding such a claim ought to pay large dividends. "Not at all," was tho reply, 44 tho Incas did not tako away ono quarter of the gold, but tbey took all that it will pay to take." It may be the samo with Mnshonaland ond its goldfiolds. At any rate they wero negleotcd by Europeans until reef mining was instituted ih thoTranivool, although some abortive attempts wero mado to sink a shaft in 1868, but tbo difficulties of transit pre vented tho despateh of aoy machinery until quite reocntly. . Tho alluvial goldfiolds wero worked out oenturies ago by the natives of the country. A number of samples of auriferous quartz were exhibited at the Royal Colonial Institute cn tho evening when Mr. Macurd road his paper. Nono of thom wore of extraordinary richness, the richest only turning out 2 oz. to tho ton by fire nsBay, and as every one acquainted with gold miuing known, most of thom to their cost, that just as one swallow doos not make a summer, a few pounds' woight of abnormally rioh quartz do not prove the existence of a pnyablo goldfield. Mr. Maund stated that from Victoria, which is near tho Quinbabyc mines, ami in the contie of the old gold work ings, a telegram had been rccoived, stating that 44 4 tons of the Dickens reef from tho 20 feet level avoraged 2 oz. 3 dwt., while samples have run as high ns 10 oz. to the ton, and that every one was enthusiastic about tho gold." Speaking of tho country near Victoria, Mr. Maund said 44 This plateau extends right away south west into Matabele land, where that warlike tribe seems, nnd not unnaturally, to have chosen the pick of the land for their military kraals. I havo spout all seasons of tho year tbero, and could not enjoy better health. Fort Salisbury, tho modern capital of Mashonaland, is situated a fow miles south of Mount Hampden, and occu pies a healthy and contral position botween tho goldfielda in tho oaatorn and western c;old measures. It in fast assuming a very business appearance. Huts aro giving way to brick buildings. The streets aro well laid out. It has its hotol, clubs, billiard rooms, stores, hospital, ouuicU and pilbuu. London and Salisbury are joined by wire, and English news appenrs not many hours nfterwnrds in tho Mashonaland Herald and Zambesian Times. . . Sixty miles south-west of Salisbury lio Hartley Hills, tho head quarters of the mining districts in the western gold measure. There aro numerous old workings, and consider able activity has been displayed by tho pros pectors. Various syndiontes have suuk shafts on tho different reefs, and a fivo stamp battery with its engine was erected and at work, as well as steam sawmills for cutting up the excellent native wood into intno timber. I must own I was disappointed with the quartz here. Showing fairly well on tho surface, ib was too low grade below at 30 feet. . . » Thercwassufficienttoluro Lord Randolph Churchill into purchasing a half interest iu the Matchless Reef, but my cautious export pronounced it too patchy for safe invest ment. Since my roturu I have information that things are much better on this field— 120 tons from tbo Bonanza put through the mill averaged 12 dwt.; 12 tons from the Salamnnda gave 12 oz. of gold, and a crushing from O Troop reef gnvo 1 oz. 3 dwt. per ton," It can not be said that these results aro at all sensa tioual in a district so remote from civilisation as Mashonaland. Mr. Maund describes tho dreaded fly in tho following passage: — " IV o soon got into the country infested by the tsotso fly, a most diabolical insect. This fly, which is browny- grey in color, with wings crossed over its back, though not much bigger than an ordinary bouse fly, is a veritable plague, for its bite is fatal to overy kind of domestic animal, though to man and tho game of the country it is innocu ous. I bcliove it will bo found that inocula tion from its cultivated virus will cure its bite, for the Mnshonns to-dny dry and pound tho fly and mix it with the food of their- domestic pets living near bolts of this fly. I found tlio prick of ite probe, which will pierco the thickest hide, particularly irri tating. I have brought a few specimens to show you, caught in the net. "Wo had to travel on foot in this -thickly wooded country, our food carried on donkeys, which, poor beasts, were condemned by tbo fly to on early death. Tbero wero many lions who only grumbled round tho donkeys at night, but feared to spring, as I kept an oil lamp burning over their long ears. I havo therefore no thrilling adventured to relate." The Uraswezwi is said by Mr. Maund to bo a grand mining country, and there is no doubt that in ancient days "tens of thousands of slaves must havo been at work taking out tlio softer ports of tho casing of tho reef, and millions of tons havo been overturned in tho scavoh for gold. A fact which points to the employment of forced labor Is tho crushing stones, thoir equivalents to our stamp batteries. Theso aro sometimes found in caves close to tbe mines as if tbe poor creatures had been chained to their work." On the Inez reef a great deal of work had beon done by tho ancienta on the hanging wall, bat tbey found the quartz of tho roof itself too hard for them. The prospectors havo hore sunk threo shafts of 30 feet oach, the lode being woll defined be tween hanging and foot walls of slate, with a sandstono country to tho north and granite to tho south, and a uniform width of 54 feot. Tho average fire assay was 1 oz. 15 dwt., and tbo result from crushing was 1 oz. 4 dwt., while 18 inches of the reef went as much as 5 oz. More important, perhaps, than these accounts of goldficld8 aro tho following statements about the agricultural resources of tho country 44 In many parts tbo scenery was of unrivalled beauty. Rolling grass plains, well watered and admirably adopted for cattle, now the habitat of game, leading down gradually into n more broken country, whero picturesque wood olad hills soparato woll watered valleys, admirably adapted for irriga tion and oultivatiou. The grass here is sweet and luxuriant, and our cattlo rcvolled in it. Many farms havo beon beaconed off here, and ; agriculture is making rapid progress. Mr. Van der Ryl's settlement cf "Laurencedalo " is in this distriot, and already in December 100 acres bad been broken up nnd wero under culti vation. "Wheat, rye and barley wero doing woll, and vinos planted but n month had shoots a foot long, which is an unprecedented growth even in the old colony, while farm stock was thriving and the health of tho settlement was good. I havo traversed upwards of 1000 miles of this much criticised country, and have an experience extending over several seasons in Matabeleland, on tho same plateau, whero the same conditions hold good, and whero I have reaped and thrashed English wheat and barloy and eaten all our English fruits, as woll as tropical ones grown by tho missionaries. There are vast tracts, well watored, well wooded, with rich - soil and magnificeut grass, only waiting easier communication io become tbe homo of many of my fellow countrymen." These statements, although they may require corroboration, are assuring. The great difficulty, that of transport, will speedily be overcome. At prosent the nearest point of Mashonaland is 1700 miles from Capo Town, and only 750 miles are covcrod by a narrow g&ugo; railway with very Btcep gradients. Carriage is thereforo very high, £75 a ton, and meal at Salisbury is worth from £11 to £13 a bag. The lino from Beira. at the mouth of the Pungwo River, is only 300 miles from the goldfielda, aud notwith standing that there is about 70 miles of country infested by tho fly, thcrntoof transport through tho Portuguese territory is only £11 4s. per ton, &S; compared with £75. Thcro are no ongiueer- ing diffiiilties ia tho way of the proposed rail way, which wonld follow for nearly its wholo distance the Bpur of land botweou the Bosi and Pungwo Rivers. Mr. Maund writes the following in rofcrenco to tho hygienio question: — 44 Aa regards the health of tho oouutry, weekly roporta show that this season thcro is very little siokness. Last was an abnormally wet season, arid tho first pioneers wero ill supplied with medicines, comforts, and orcn food ; consequently thoro wore many cases of fever, but not of a bad typo, except tbat contracted in the low coun try. Many exaggerated stories must bo received with great cnution. Tho plateau, whioh ib between 4000 and 5000 feet above sea level, is absolutely healthy, and for eight months there is no finer climate in the world. During tlio rainy season, with proper houses, supplies and comforts, hnd the ordinary precautions necessary in tropical climes , it will ere loug be looked upon as remarkable healthy colony. Assuming that tho same number of men who went into ftashonaland the first soa- son had been sent to tho moors of Yorkshire, with tho same scanty clothing and food supply, I maintain tho mortality would have been fur greater. As a matter of faot, tho death rato was very low." Tbo words which I have italicised seem to con tain the gist of tho question. If Mashonaland is tropical in climate, as it certainly is in lati tude, its development by Europeans or their descendants is almost impracticable. Tho recent experiment to acoliroatiso Europeans in Brazil ban utterly failed, and the survivors of tho un fortunate emigrants aro returning, bringing with thom the most terrible stories about tho sufferings of themselves and of their companions who sticcumhed. Eveu In Australia, which is exceptionally f&vored.; as regards climate, tbe white man eaunot work inside tho tropics at any other occupation except mining, and at tbat he requiros wages so high that they prevent poor quartz from paying working expenses. Not withstanding the colcur dc rose tints with which Mr. Maund has depicted Mashonaland, I should prefer waiting for further developments beforo I advised Europeans to risk thoir fortune in that country in any other capacity than that of superintendents of colored laborers, who may turn out to bo the oolyraoe whioh can do hard work in Mashonaland. 