fGM' Non-Catholics -Ifee" &aWdP;' Our little catechising i it . aiiSwer ..t'o'j the query, " MuSt all '' biJohg1 Jto the' true Church ? says " Yes ! and no one cau be saved out it." The exclusive- -ness conveyed by this response will notbe quite so apparently when the teaching of the Church on the point is close ly considered. Although the doctrine of" exclusive saivati;oin,"'as it' is called, - furnishes our Protestant" friends with what they believe to be a most telliug. argument in favour of the charge of intolerance, yet it will be seen that the dogma, so tersely expressed above, is subject to many merciful modifi cations. Imprimus , let us quote the authorised words of the Holy Church upon the general question. The Encyclical, Quanto Conftciamur (Aug. 17, 1863) oi Pius IX. says, inter aha:— "But the Catholic , dogma is well known, namely, that no 'one can be saved 'put;of the Catholic Church, and that those men who are contumacious agaiust the authority and definitions of the same -'Church ... cannot obtain eter nal salvation." Again, in the same document, the "successor of St. Peter explicity remarks " It is .known indeed to us and to you that those who labour under invincible ignorance concerning our most holy religion and who lead a virtuous aud correct life, sedulously keeping the natural law and its preceptB engraven by God on the hearts of all, and prepared to obey God — these men are able, through the operation of Divine light and grace, to obtain eternal life." In a previous declaration the same good Pope teaches : — " It is certain as a matter of doctrine that the man who is really in invincible ignorance will not be punished for disbelief, and may obtain eternal salvation. . . . Nor can any one on earth mark out the limits of such ignorance. God forbid that we should dare to limit the Divine mercy, which is infinite" ' ' Though the Church admits much in favor of those who are hi invincible ingorance, it should be carefully re membered that she combats the fatal and impious opinion that in every religion: cam- be found the way to eternal solvation, and yet " the dogmas of the Catholic faith are in no respect opposed to the Divine mercy and justice." (Alloc. Dec. 9, 1854.) Haying, stated the express teaching of the Chtirch, we are enabled to educe three conditions for the possible salva tion of the non-Catholics 1. Invin cible ignorance of Catholic troth. 2. The sedulous (or constantly) careful observance of the natural; law., 3. That; they may be prepared to embrace the truth, as soon as they have the means of knowing it. By " invincible ignorance" is meant inculpable or blameless ignor ance — ignorance which a man has not had. the means of overcoming. Such would exist, for instance,, in. the case of one born and reared amidst Protestant traditions, and who has never seriously doubted the falsity of the Catholic Church, nor even honeBtly doubted the safety of his own position. If, how ever, the ignorantia be such that' it might have, but had not, been overcome it could not be said to be invincible. If a person, though a Protestant, have misgivings about his own belief and silence .them; or,:if ;he lull his conscience to sleep, the question as to his being blamelessly ignorant is a doubtful one. The adherents of the English, Russian or Greek Churches, liviDg religious and conscientious lives are in a state of " invincible ignorance." Dr. Newman quotes Busembaum to this effect : — " When persons Ivb'o have been brought up in heresy and persnaded from their childhood that we are the enemies of Gods Words, are idolators, pestilent deceivers, and therefore as pests to be avoided, they cannot, whilst this per suasion lasts, hear ns with a safe con science, and they labour under invincible ignorance, inasmuch as they doubt not that they are in a good way." There are many Protestants, too, who thongh outside the Cbnrch may be yet said to belong to the true Fold. According to Gaume't- " Catechism of Perseverance," "a be- longs to the soul of the' Church, who is baptised and in the state of gratee/ but by good faith or invincible ignorance, is excused before God for being in a society foreign to the Church. Being in good faith has been defined as blame- 16'sMy- igtiqrant of the just claims of the Catholic religion to be the only true religion." The exercise of true charity accompanied by a desire to know the rwi!l of God, and the faithful practice of all the duties that he knows, render salvation attainable -to a person so cir cumstanced. Further, Protestant children who are baptised and have not reached the age of reason, belohg really to the Catholic Church, inasmuch as they are (ike baptised Protestant adults who lead virtuous lives) united to its soul by supernatural Faith, Hope, and Charity. The Church alBO teaches that others than non-Catholic Christians may be saved. Thus, Jews, Mahora- ruedans, and Pagans, may, by the grace of Gqd, attain salvation. Cardinal Manning emphatically declares " The operations of the Holy Spirit have been from the beginning of the world co extensive with the whole humkn race." If a Jew, Mahommedan, or Pagan be lost, it was not. because he was in ignorance of repealed trnth, but begqu&e; he did not observe with fidelity that natural law which is implanted in the human heart. The due dbseryance of" the natural law and the preparedness to embrace the truth when opportunity offers must go hand in hand with invincible ignorance. No one can be saved by . invincible ignorance alone. Such ignorance mer&ly; excuses want of knowledge of the re- vealodTruth. Sin should be avoided and the secretiutimations of truth vouchsafed by God, not discarded. The phrase "Natural Law," h used in these notes iu the sense of the moral law, or the instinct which enables the majority of mankind to distinguish primarily be tween right and wrong. Natural Law may be divided into two branches — a, as interpreted by the Church, or b , as cognized by reason. As regards thos6 outside the Church, the latter only is applicable. The observance of-Jhis law is common to all civilised conditions <if society, so it neeJd hot be discussed. The , tiird qbndition j presents more difficulty. If the inspirations of the Holy Ghost be resisted; if the invin cibly-ignorant non-Catholic Christian desires not to' know- God better, or' pre fer hia own will to what he knows or might know to be God's will, lie cannot be said to be preparing himself to em brace the truth. Again, there might be the case of a Protestant who would, to some extent, realise that the Catholic religion was the true one, but, through fear of worldly consequences, would hesitate. This would show an utter want of faith, and the position of snch a person would be dangerous as to his eternal salvation. Where the line may be drawn in these cases is known only to the Almighty. The doctrine of invincible ignorance may be summed up in a word. It is possible to belong to the soul of the true Church without belonging to the visible body. In one sense only does the Church maintain the saying; "- but of the Church no salvation," namely, whosoever is knowingly and wilfully out of the true Church cannot be saved. It should not, however, be too hastily inferred that invincible ignorance is all- sufficient, that most Protestants are on the high road to heaven, "clothed in the mantle of invincible ignorance," or that we are all journeying thithei, hut by different roads. A careful perusal of those notes cannot lead to such con clusions. Authorities " Anglicah' Difficul ties" (Newman), " Lectures >on , the Church" (Wiseman), The Clifton Tracts " Catholic Belief" (Bruno), " Discourses to Mixed Congregations" (Newman), Articles in the Various Articles in Dublin Review (1 1876, 1886), "Catechism of y Perseverance" (Gaume), " Catholic Christian Instructed," " Catholic Dic tionary," Authorised Translations of the Encyclicals and Allocutions quoted.! J. H. Rahilly, in Austral Light, 