-'-? Between Ourselves. [Extracts from the letters of a Sydney girl to her dearest bush friend.] Like the person in Patience, Mimosa, upon my word I hardly like to associate with myself. I don't think I'm respectable. You wonder how it is this state of mind has forced itself upon me ? I have been to an after- noon tea party-one of the ultra-scandalous, emi- nently charmin? affairs given from time to time by a certain clique in a certain locality. Why did I go? Simply because I had hitherto believed that the stories told of. these parties and their more than gossiping tendencies were exaggerated, and I wanted to see for myself. They are not. In less than an hour I knew more about the anatomy of my neighbor's cupboard skeletons than, under ordinary circumstances, I should haye learned in a lifetime. Harmless gossip is enjoyable, ? I consider ; a wholesome interest in the affairs of one's particular world is not to be disparaged, but the malicious dissecting talk that makes scandal from a whisper is abhorrent. Wasn't it Richter who said a moderate degree of backbiting should rather be encouraged than thought ill of in a married woman as a slight compensation for the flattery she has lost. Dear old Jean Paul ! He could not have known < women like the two or three of whose conversa- tion (like that of Sir Benjamin Backbite, a perpe- tual libel on all their acquaintances), half Sydney stands in awe. It was at a ball lately-a big ball with a yard long committee, and it was before supper. And Vice royalty was on the dais, watching with a select few the giddy scene, and looking, presumably, rather languid and generally " rised . up." Then into the hearts of two committee ladies there entered at the same moment à vast pity for the feminine head of Sydney society, and a recollection of the magnificent supper as yet , untouched. Together they ascended the dais, and, awe and respect of orthodox methods swept away, asked Lady Jersey and another distinguished visitor to " come and have a drink," or words to that effect. Then the four ladies, for of course a refusal was impossible, marched majestically down the long hall, entered the supper-room, and made an ex- cellent repast before the rabble got in. . . But how the presidents, and vice-presidents, and secretaries, and executive committee, hauled those two well-meaning ladies over the coals afterwards ! And how the M .C. tore his hair and wept, and wondered what was the use of women on committees, anyhow ! Do you know the very latest concert vagary ? It was done on a platform the other night by a solemn-looking man who, no one dreamed, nursed latest humor within his breast. It was imitated at another place, and still another, and will now, I expect, regularly ** catch on." At the time for the performance of a certain song the accompanist, who had gone stolidly and conscientiously through six or seven items on the programme, sat with idle hands before his instru- ment, and cast an occasional expectant glance at the wing from which the next performer should appear. Now, this person was already at the foot- lights, having entered by a different way, and the audience began to feel they might enjoy themselves after all. The opening chords floated through the hall, pianissimo at first, then increas- ing in volume ; the player glanced nervously at the wing, and repeated them in another key. Then he craned his neck over the piano, and gave them again in A. minor with a patient, pathetic little symphony that would have touched the people only they were in silent convulsions. For the player kept getting his mouth open to its fullest extent, and then closing it abruptly and looking crestfallen and foolish, and the musician's whole attention was centred painfully on the side . door, while his hands wandered through brilliant improvisations of the air of the ballad. At last ; his patience gave way, and he incontinently quitted the piano and went in search of the defaulting singer. And the singer, looking frightfully annoyed and surprised, hastened after him. And the audience fairly shrieked, and told each other that comic operas weren't in it. Then player and singer returned and bowed to- gether, one apologetically, the other with an aggrieved air, and the delayed song was piven amid occasional' bursts of unconquerable ' laughter. Dear Mimosa, as you know I make No pretence To intellectual eminence Or scholarship sublime, still I do consider that, thanks to various pastors and masters, I can spell all the words that I use, And my grammar's as good as my neighbor's, > sometimes indeed, like Paddy's, a deal better. There is one lady, living Darlinghurst way, who more than once has put pen to paper to say that " Mrs. X has pleasure in excepting the invitation of Mrs. Y." , . And a whole committee was smiling.not long , ago over the fact that "Mrs. Jones begs to in- form the president and members that she will be unable to attend meetings for a month, and if you will kindly send minutes of proceedings, she will be obliged. P.S.-I shall be able to attend the annual meeting." An indiscreet aide-de-camp once told a girl that some of the archives of responses to Government House invitations would make the restless ghost of Lindley Murray gnash its gums and deliver canabalistic messages in fashionable quarters on "English, how she is wrote." YUM-YUM 