ANSWERS TO CORBESFOlTDBflrra . ? & ? __ Reg. A. Finniq an.— Thanks, will appear noxt week. Pubmcationb Received. — November numbers of ' Dawn' and ' The Auafcruliin Vigaoron and Fruit-growers' Journal.' Combo. —No just computation cau bo made of the number of tb.a aboriginal dialects of Australia,— the dillerout dialects are as numerous as the tribes, aad iu muiy cases neighbouring- tribes can scarcely understand each other. Irish Songs. — Several subscribers have kindly supplied us with copies of tho Irish songs asked for last week — ' Granuaile' and 'The Curse of Doneraile.' By requost we publish tho latter on page 17 of the present issue. C. S. — We meroly gave, as asked, an outline of the legend respecting Finn Macool and tha Scottish giant. As you will observe from the nnswer given, too, the mitter was published fully in the Freeman some years ago, including the incidents mentioned by you. Shannon. — The Missouri river, although not as long as the Mississipi (' the Father of Waters') has a greater navigable aroa. The Missouri from the head of navi gation to its entrance into the Mississippi 13 2008 miles, and the Mississippi from the most northerly navigable point to tho Gulf of Mexino (its outlet) is 2(ilG miles, SuiiseiuBKR, — ' Simony' is tho ovimo oC selling privileges porliiining to tho Church which should be conferred us matters of grace. Thn word finds its origin in Fiinon, the MayieUn, mentioned iu tho Acts of the Apostles, who oifered St. Peter money to confer upjii him the apostolic power of imparting the Holy Ghost by ' lajing on of hands,' Inquirer.— You are wrong. The Cologne Cathedral tower holds third place in tuo highest towers of the world. Tho Eitfel tower is 1000 feet high. Washington monu ment, 5i-5 feet ; Cologne Cathedral, 51 1 foot ; Hamburg, St. Nicholas, '173 feet; Strassburg, -1G8 feet; 'Rouen, Notre Diimo, 4G5 feet ; Rome, St. Petor'a, 455 feet ; Cairo, large pyramid, 450 feet ; Vienna, Sfc. Stephen's, ?149 feet ; Cairo, s.-cond pyramid, 443 feet. Cukious. — The names of our days of the week are chiefly dorived from Saxon Pagan mythology. Sunday was, in old times, consecrated to the sun ; Monday was named in honour of his consort, the moon. Tuesday was so called in honour of Tiwes, a Saxon deity, and Wednesday in honour of Woden, the Teutonic god of war ; Thursday was originally Tbor's day, or the day of the God of thunder, while Friday was saured to Fren, theSixon Venus, and Saturday was the clay of Saturn. Stinson. — The information was given in our Mining Gossip last week 111 reply to other correspondents. The passage money, second-class to Albany, wo may further state, would be about £5, aud the fare second class to York' about { £2 10.?. Thence to Southern Cross the fare is £5, or £9 return. York is about 250 miles by rail from Albany. The Yilgarn goldfield, of which Southern Cross is one of the divisions, is about 230 miles east of Perth, and from York about 164 miles. Provisions on the field, according to our latest infor mation, ara clear. One Interested writes — ' I selected about ten yoars ago and compliod with the provisions of the Act, whereby I obtained a certificate. Can I now select a conditional lease which adjoins the original selection without further residence so as to make up the required nrei of 25G0 acres according to the amended Act of 1889 ?'— You can take up a conditional lease throe times tho area of your c. p., subject, however, to five yearn' residence from the date of confirmation of appli cation for lease, upon either tho lease itself or tho c. p. in virtuo of which it was takon up. 