Railway to Inverell. i Following is a continuation of verbatim report of the evidence of the Eton. H. Copeland before the Pnblic Works Com mittee, on the question of a line of rail j way to Inverell:— j But you do not expect to eee a line eon ; structed from Glen InneB to the Rich \ mond, or to Grafton, on account of the 1 interchange of commodities between those | districts and New England. You know j that wheat or floor can" be taken cheaper" j by the sea than by railway 1 No doubt it will always be the case. But Adelaide j wheat has now our duty of 6d. per bushel to ' pay. X do not anticipate sufficient j traffic between either of those coast towns and the upland towns to make a railway pay, but I think that as there is snch ex ceedingly good country between Guyra 1 and Grafton that land should be opened j up, and it can only be opened up by a j railway. ; There being so much good j agricultural land all along the route, \ there would be a traffic from that land to J Grafton, one way, and up to New Eng j laud the.other, and goods would be sent I from New England round to Don Dot' j rigo, and round there. X tbink there may | be fair ground for expecting a traffic i there, bat there isvery little groand for expecting a paying traffic from Tenter ! field to the Richmond River, and there is not a ghost of a chance of a paying line between Glen Xnnes and Grafton- I would like to point out that the people of Glen Innes stuck out just as strongly For a railway from Glen Innes to Grafton as they are doing now for a railway from Glen Innes to Inverell, yet it is proved that the line, which was to cost £2,000,000, would have been an absolutely dead waste of money. That is shown by Messrs. Scarr and Price's report. Mr. Wright was the Minister who proposed that par ticular line. I am happy to say that X voted a gainst it, although it was proposed by a Government that I was strongly sup porting. Can you say, of your own knowledge, whether there are as many settlers resid ing on the land between Xnverell and Glen Xnnes as tbere are between Inverell and Goyra ? There is not a quarter of the number. There are more settlers between Guyra and Inverell than there are between Inve rell and Glen j^tines ? A great many more. I have not thy figures here, but you will find them in the evidence already given. You will find a statement as to the nnm X>er of schools which' there : are on the ■ Guyra route, and that is considered a fair indication of population. Y011 will find that there are many times more schools on the route from Guyra to inverell than there are on the Glen Innes route. Therefore, the Guyra route has the larger population 1 Yes. The advocates of that railway, yourself included, recommend it on the ground that it provides an economical means of conveying produce' between the inland districts and the sea coast ; would not ' that apply equally to the conveyance of i tin from Tingha I No doubt. They w»»ia J have to carry it 62i miles further if it | was sent by the Glen Innes route, and j tbey would have to cart it 15 miles of that ; distance by road. ... ■ Do you not think that if a railway were constructed between inverell and Guyra, the economical means of transit which it would afford would tend to induce the working of tin land in a district which is, ' perhaps, now to some extent abandoned in consequence of the high rates of car riage ? Yes; because they would not only have cheaper carriage for the tin, but also a cheaper carriage for the provi sions and general stores from Sydney. Have you been to Ttogha lately ? I was there a few month^ agm How many people erg. looted in that neighbourhood ? According to the sta tistics whicfi*^ have quoted, there are 2285 Europeans; j V That is a population largety than the population at Inverell, which is only 1700 ? I was not aware of that. Have you given attention to the better ment principle, as applied to land which is improved by- the construction of rail j ways or other public works f I think onr present system is radically wrong, becsuse you can take the bulk of his land away from one person, and he gets scarcely any value for what he loses. I could give as an instance a case with which I am per sonally connected, where the Government took some 40 odd acreB, leaving very little behind, and expect to get that land for nothing, although there has been a large expenditure upon it, because they say that the railway has improved the value of the remainder. But the land of other owners, through whose property the rail way does -not run, is improved quite as much, and they have not to contribute a cent. If the compensation was spread over the whole of the land in the district that was improved by the construction of the railway, that wonld be a fair and equitable thing, but when you take a line through a piece of land, and expect to get that for nothing, although the adjoin ing land is benefited as much as the land through which;_ the line goes, you do an injustice. I gather from that that yon are in favour of the betterment principle, pro vided that it is made applicable to other property besides that through which the line is taken ? Yes. ^ should be made applicable to all the land(hat is improved iu value by the construction of the rail way. Mr. Davies.] I gather from your evi dence that you are entirely opposed to the construction of the line from Glen Innes to Inverell ? Yes. You have traversed several of these surveyed lines from Glen Innes to Inve ! tell ? Yea.* I But you have not been over the Swan | brook line? * No, but I know the nature j of the country very well. j\ I What is the general character of the ! country there 1 It is trap-rock, basaltic j formation, red and black BoIJjWery atony. It has been described)^ good land, but J some of it is unfit for bijltiv&tioo; "by rea j eon of the rocks. The soil between the j atones is very good. Another great objection you have to the proposed line is that it strikes the main line at Glen lubes, instea^hof being 37 miles nearer SydaewSon the mainline 1 Yes" /V* That constitutes onfeyof the strongest objections that you kave^o the construc tion of this line ? Y$s. And another objection is that the land on the Glen Junes line is in comparatively few hands as Compared with the'-.land on the Guyra line, which has been taken up under conditional purchase. Is it not a line which would be difficult of construc tion ? The line from jpleh lnnes would be more expensive to construct than a line from Guyra to luverell. The Guyra line Is described by Mr. Hogg as a line very. | easy of construction. _ j But the Glen Innes line will be^expen j sive and difficult of cpnAriyjtion., Yes ] more so than the other."v .J j What will be foe depth the cuttings ? I have not gone into that. V. V j Bat they necessarily wotrld- be deep ? J Yes. I have seen a section of the railway j from Glen Inues, but they have not made any sections, of the Guyra line at all. My opinion is that until the Guyra line has been actuaijy tui^^, and an estimate is made of^Nm ebs±7~it is not a proper: thing to combmvtE^country on either^ line. They havopw examining,' survey-' ing, re-surveying, anokdeviating the Glen Innes line for years, and they find that the longer they make it the cheaper it is. I want them to adopt the same course with the Guyra line. They have done nothing with to the Guyra line except make a flyljAc. tmrvey. Mr.. Hogg described the lid^.^hen he made his dy ing survey, as ; level to 1 in 100 —13 miles; from 1 In 100 to 1 In 50—18 miles." There are 31 miles of very good line. Then he says : ""From 1 in 50 to 1 in 40—20 miles." _ Fifty-one miles was the total length line. Now they have made it 58 oKjeh^ifhout any further survey. \ If the cuttings on the ^ipe from Glen j Innes to Inverell are deep tfib approaches on each side of the line. will be very diffi cult ? I may say, in general terms, that those cuttings would be excessively ex pensive, because they |rould be mostly through hardiJjAp-rock. jj What was the quantityhf tin-ore t&rried; last year from Tingha« One tbousaud two hundred tons. I Chairman : What year |iB that for ? I suppose it will be for the year 1890, but the quantity is about the came each year. Br. Garran: Speaking> of thiB Don Dorrigo scrub, you say tnjjat the land is worth £5 an acre 1 Yes. V In its present state, unapproached by a road or railway ? Yes. It Uould be sold immediately at £5 . if *"f was known that a railway was to be taken through it. The bulk of It is reserved. I want to get at whemer that £5 an acre is irrespective of tie prospect of a railway, or in anticipation of a railway ? There have been pieces jof that land sold wherever they could fi&d; any that was not reserved ; but they cannot get the produce away, and tbey ara doing very little with it. :■ / But if a railway were made, Sit would sell for £5 or £10 an acre ?' Every acre of it would be rushed for at from £5 to £8 an sere. At £5 an acre, G40 acres would be worth £3200? Yes. ! And 2 square miles on each side would be 2560 acres? Yes. | And that would bee worth £12,800? Yes. j Would the railway fcost more than £10.000 a mile to maki ? It would be pretty expensive ; but it|s a well-watered countty. There are beatatiful little rivu lets every mile or two. | Supposing it cost £12,000 a mile to make a railway - through that scrub, if 2 square miles on each side along the route were put to the" credit of the. Bail way Construction Account, that would pay the cost of the line through the scrub ? Yes.' 1 should be very glad indeed if the Go vernment would hand the land over to me, and let me undertakh-to build the railway. \ That is only taking 2 square miles on each side, and there is a large area of valuable land not included iu that esti mate ? Yes. I suppose that the good land does not extend all the way to Grafton ? Not all the way, hut a great part of it. * It is not all reserved to Grafton ? No. ; What about the *Qrafa jRivet district? There was a rich gold-field there, on the Nana Creek. You would have a good deal of Govern ment land all the way from the table-land to Grafton ? Yes; and a considerable | proportion in the Guy Fawkes district, and rich land all the way, with a fine cli mate. From Llangotblin to Guy Fawkes you go along the table-land ? Yes. I The table-land is not very rich ? Yes, | it is. \ - | Would it bring £2 an .acre ? It is j mostly selected. j Then there is nothing to get there, ex cept by the betterment principle ? No ; unlesB you open a line to enable people to I get to a market. { But I am talking of getting back from ! the land the capital spent in making' the railway ;—yota will not get much be ! tween Elangothlin and Guy Fawkes ? I '' have no doubt that the laud from the fall | of the New England Range down through ' Don Dorrigo will produce wealth enough to pay for the railway. I am not talking about wealth, but of money obtainable from the sale of the land ? That is what I mean. Assuming that it would coBt £10,000 V •• - K-V .• i pec «niIe .to make the line ? I have no hesitation in saying that the unsold Grown lands on that railway route, say within a radius of from 5 to 10 miles on each side of the line, would provide ample money to build a railway. Taking the whole of the line from Llan-, gothlin to Grafton, the Government own ; sufficient property which will be benefited by the construction of the railway to re- | coup them the whole of the cost of making that line ? Yes"; &ery; penny. I . Then the Government could construct j a railway 115 miles long on this route, on ! which there is a prospect of a larger popu lation, and the railway would not add one shilling to the public debt of the country 1 I do not think it would, and the land at the present time is absolutely unproduc tive and worthless ; it is reserved, and it is bringing nothing to the State, but it would be exceedingly valuable both to the State and to individuals if a railway were made. All that the Government want iB £1,000,000 advanced to make the railway, and they could recover that £1,000,000 in instalments extending over 20 or 30 years, when the land was sold ? Undoubtedly ; and I would pledge my political repute-. Hon that if the money was expended, and the money for the Bale of land was paid into a railway fund, that railway would the.country half-a-crown. - I am assuming that the money~SS"it" came in would go to a Railway Construc tion Account. I ask whether, in 20 or 30 years' time, supposing the Government spread the payments over that period, the railway would not be paid for out of the proceeds of the land? 1 believe it would he. Supposing that to be the case, there is good ground for making that railway as soon as ever we can get the money ? Yes. 