SPORTING. At the Maribyrnong Racing Club meot- a lng on Wednesday Zoo won thoe Footscray d Handioap, with Fleetfoot second and o Release third. Strike got to the front in the Selling Hurdle, Eyry being second and a Blue and White third. Jean, by Paris- Princess, won the Braybrook Handicap, Premier finishing second and Elworthy third. The Rockbank Handicap fell to •Rosella, the Selling Flat Race to All There, by Leolinus-Lyre, with The Shrew second and Aurelius third. Refuse, by Wellington-Result, took the Maid atone Handicap, Little Bob finishing second and Reprisal third. For the Doncaster Handicap "As. modeus," the Melbourne sporting scribe, likes the chance of Wild Rose, and for the Sydney Cup " Augur " is in favour of Mr Wileon's elected or GJ'Naroo. On the training track at Randwick on Wednesday last, a cold rain, with a heavy wind from the south, prevailed all day. During the early part of the morning it did hold off for sufficient time to allow the work, which was of a quiet nature, to be got over. Dan O'Brien's pair, Freedom and Florrie,were sent half-pace for a mile and a quarter, and similar work was done by Zalnski and Strathmore. Coin also went strongly. Paris was out for a canter. He was lame, but not so bad as on Saturday. His trouble is a splint. Marvel and the othersof Monaghan's cantered ; so also did Tom Payten and Harry Raynor's lots. Yonl was sent close on two miles at a fair pace. She is doing the greatest amount of work of any of the cup horses. Lamond confined his lot to easy work. Portsea, after cantering, improved his pace for a few furlongs. During the earlier portion of the week wagering in Sydney on the principal events of the A.J.C. autumn meeting had hardly settled down to a market. The following prices, however, were on offer : On the Doncaster Handicap, 100 to 8 each against Wild Rose and Helene, 100 to 0 against Trieste, and 100 to S against Wini fred. There were offers of 4 to 1 on the field for the Sydney Cup. Very few transactions were recorded on either event. Reverting to Bungebah, writes " Ribble dien," it was only last week that I endea-. voured to show bow well treated Bungebah was in the Doncaster Handicap, and look ing at his latest exploits it needed no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that he would have had a great chance with Ost 71b. But he has incurred a penalty of 101b, bringing his weight up to 10st 81b, which is perhaps just as much too much as his original weight was too little, " The winner of the recent Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase, Father O'Flynn, is by Retreat (by Hermit from Quick March, Rataplan) from a half-bred mare named Kathleen. As a two-year-old Father O'Flynn carried Lord Cholmon. delay's colours nine times, but the colt was only once successful, and that was in a selling race at the Liverpool July meeting. At the end of his inglorious two-year-old career, Father O'Flynn was " added to the list," and he did not appear on the busy scene again until he was four years old, at which age he won four hunters' races of small value. In the following season he was still running about in races of the same description, but in 15 attempts he was only once successful, winning an open hunters' steeplechase worth £38 at Oaksey Park. As 'a six-year-old Father O'Flynn ran in a dozen races at hunt and military meetings; and although he won five times, there was nothing in his career to commend him for the famous cross-country Derby. Father O'Flynn was favoured with the light weight of IOst 31b--3b more than the minimum-and this doubtless aided him in effectingthe overthrow of two such redoubtable 'chasers as Cloister, 12Ib lib, and Ilex,12st 51bb,who were second and third respectively. It is a curious coincidence that Cloister ard Ilex occupied exactly the same places behind Come Away in the same event last year. Ilex, who has always shown a partiality for the Aintree course, 