HJp \j^aojfeH»{+ [?] [By'R. M0UNTENEY-JEPH80N] ??..,,' CHAPTER VIII. It was the firat time ahe had spoken rincc we met, and to do so calmly was evidently a groat effort. She had not yet recovered, I could see) from the shock of beholding me in the character of a reckless and desperale gambler. I changed the subject. ' And since when have you taken to yacht \ ing, Ted? . I thought hunting was your line.''' V ? ' , ? ? ,, ? 'Ah, bid chap, so itwas, as long as I could get anything to carry mo. But when four hundred guinea weight-carriers take to lying down after they have carried you a couple of fields, and giving up the ghost with a last long reproachful look which haunts you for a month, afterwards, it's time to turn the game up and try something else. The only thing 1 find now, with any life and motion about it, that carries me with ease and com fort, is a two hundred and fifty ton yacht. So I've taken to yacbting ; but I havn't for gotten the old love, though she's jilted me. I call my craft the Seahorse, a sort of com promise, you see, between the old love and the new. There's certainly a man-of-war of that name. But no matter. There's room on the sea for both of us. So yon see, old fellow, if I'm no longer a Master of * ox hounds, I can at any rate call myself Master of the Horee— the Seahorse.' ? 'Are you your own sailing-master on board then, Ted 7' I asked rather anxiously, considering the precious freight the Seahorse ^Jfb,' said Mrs. Versiter, curtly, 'he's the ballast.' ' . i- 'That's merely a figurative way of saying 1 am, as I should be, of great weight on board the Seahorse. By the way, what do vou think of the name of beahorse 1 Good name, is it? Was awfully hard up for a name Thought once of Horse-Manne, and painting her green all over ; but on con sideration rejected that— too facetious and ^'/'always thought it would have done capitally,' said Mrs. Versiter ?« for I be lieve a Horse-Marine's capacity for swallow ing is unbounded, and if the yacht swallows you I'm sure she fully deserves the name. . 'I say, Luke,' said Ted, bursting out into a paroxyism of winks, ' in these hard times for landlords it is as well to have something in your eye for a livelihood in the future. I've got a public-house in mine, and the sign board is ready, old chap-her picture, .pre- sented to me by the embers of the Halh don Hunt on my resigning the Mastership. 'It: may be a very good joke, Edward ; but to use the words of a fearfully vulgar expression, and not the expression itself, mind you, it appears to be all in your eye; for, as far as I can see, it consists of nothing bntwinks. I utterly fail to see the point of my portrait doing for a signboard.' . 'I don't! I think it will do first-rate— the sign ol the Nag's Head. Haw I haw ! liawl' Ted roared until the tears) streamed down his cheeks, and the people stared in astonish ment. :. ? ,, „,,?„, ? .-i ' I tell you wiiat it is, oia louovf, uu kuu as soon as he had somewhat recovered from the effects of his own joke ; ' you must come and assist me in maintaining discipline on the high seas. There's a spare stall— I mean berth— for you on board the Seahorse ; and it strikes me, if I may judge from appear ances, that the sooner you come for a cruise with us the better. I can't offer you my roulette, but the Seahorse is a lively craf t, and I daresay will give you as much pitch ' and toss as you want. Or if that s not sutn ciently exciting for your gambling propen sities, you can go in for as much heavy nluneine as you like from off her taftrail in the early morning before the ladies are up.' ? I quite agreed with Versiter that a speedy change of life was desirable, and I accepted his offer with avidity. : ' Captain Bandall,' said Mrs. Versiter, as we walked on, Bhe and I behind, Ethel and Ted in front. Somehow Ethel and I, as is often the case with two people longing to be together, seemed to be bW y shirking each other-' Captain Bandall, I daresay you take Ted's view, and think that 1 do nag at Urn a little. Now Ted is the dearest and best-hearted old fellow that ever walked the . catthVand Hove him with all my heart, as Ikhoulddo.forheisthebest husband mall the wide world. But be in so noisy and so full of vitality, that unless I were always muffling him up or toning him down, he'd be positively unbearable to people. * : ' ' ' CHAPTER IX. ? .jiujje Was no-doubt that Ethel had acted ? most effectually as au antidote to the poiEon Which had creptinto my soul, aud was work ing havoc with such desperate speed. 'f Is there such a tiling as lovu lying dormant for years? Judgingfrom my own case, I say there!is. In that 'yearning for the large oxcitementwhioh the coming years would yield,' I had, on first going out into the world, forgotten little Ethel, Jtorgotten her, I mean, as she had been to me— the Quuon ot my May ; and I remembered her merely as a Bweet. dainty little figure iu the background of my young life. For years she was nothing more than a pleasant recollection, which in the heyday of a young soldier s lite, full of iucidentaud action, only occasionally ihttcd across the vista of my memory. But when I Haw her again, and read in hur face of pain aud sorrow that I was still the same to hur iw I had been, the old boyish love again sprang into existence, holding wo with a strength aB if in had nuvcr ceased to exist ; .'and tbore in no love so pure, w uusolilsh, so true,' and so cliivalrouK as a boy's. And had I now completely forgotten Ithona ? Far from it. My heart was wrung with pity, but it was no longer the pity which is akin to love. I could now look across the gulf which the knowledge of Rhona's antecedents had placed between our lives, not only 'without any longing to cross to the other side, but with a positive feeling. of thankfulness, that I now clung to a rock from which no wave of passion, no gust of remorse could Bweep me once more into the current beneath. i lam glad I was spared any personal ex planation with llhoua, as the kouuc would bavo been as painful as profitless. Shu utill kept to her room, Her Italian maid brought me messages tliat «he was merely feeling 'slightly unwell ; that she was having a good xeut, aud that she would sow joiu us again. . ? ily plans were made. I quite agreed with ?Ted Versitor that tho sooner 1 got out of the. placu £iw better ; though of course lj,u did notknovriill.as I kept my untanglemonts with the CurWcks to myself. Itwas .-irraiiged that wo were U- start ou our cruise in a couple of days. . The day before our depart'1'; kthul and 1 tipenf the afternoon on tlmt Acentric but lovely freak of uaturu, the little' piowontory of Monaco. We had started with tb.0 iiiUp tion of thoroughly ?' doing ' the tiny prju cipality ; but Bight-seeing was not much to our taste that afternoon, and we aoon had enough of M. Blanc's cathedral, aud the an cestral halls of the Griroaldis, the chief pas tim? of which illustrious family in the good olden *ijnes, BeemB to have been throwing , each other down the stairs or over the battle B1May it not have be?' U|U lim:al idiusy--- crasy which in later ami jU^enerato -lays in duced a wjionof thU princely .''O1^ io !ulo/'t the .clown's prol'ewion, iu which lie *viu-auh}, without bringing himself under the bail , tliu law, to indulge the hereditary passion to the top of his bent 1 i (To be continued.') ; 