(Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE ITCHELL GHOST. ï " THE squire has oóme back," whispered one rustic to another, as they sat in the small inn near Ewshott House, Hampshire, one evening many years ago. " Ay, ay ? " murmured his companion interrogatively. "Yes, it?s sure enough. Ben saw him driving to the house, and a foreign man ; with him." " A foreign man-a nigger, d'ye mean ? " " No ; a dark, sallow chap, with a hookey nose ; a queer customer, I warrant." " I've heard some say as Italian men are black, as it might be dark, you understand, or yellow-like¿" " Then he's an Italian man for sure ; and : Ben says he don't like his looks." " Daresay ; but squire never was most -, particular. Queer he is, always was." " So's his mate the yellow boy. They ' two are a pair if ever there was." This conversation will give some insight i into the character of the squire* He was an eccentric individual, but was fond of . travel. He frequently went abroad, and re mained on the continent some for months at a time ; then he would return to Ewshott, and stay in the mansion, formerly known [ as Itohell, in seclusion. On this occasion he had brought with .;. him a valet whom someone* better read than his fellows, hamed Mephistopheles, \- and whom all disliked as a " foreigners" *v But Signor Mephisto paid little attention :£ to villager or domestic. He pursued the ;' even tenor of hiB way, and remained in- doors with hiB eccentric master, v As a matter of fact, the seclusion of the squire was not much wondered at. He V has been as chary of appearances before, r' But his association with the new Italian valet, who was such a sinister-looking V person, excited public curiosity, and laid all the movements of the pair open to ri suspicion. 51 By degrees curious reports'began to be circulated. The equire and his servant -i! were engaged in some "unlawful prac ¡; tices"-witchcraft, and such-like. Of course the mystery was never solved. Their private affairs were not made known for all this time. , At length a rumor got abroad to the effect that the squire had suddenly quitted. the mansion, and with bis old servant, had again disappeared. No one was surprised to hear that he had suddenly driven away in the night with his valet and servants, and shut up the house again. " He'd do anything different from other bodies ! " Some said that the squire was dead, some that he wo M ld return j but he did not come back, and he had no immediate successor if he were dead. No one knew anything concerning him, and speculation might haye exhausted itself in vain had not one of the gossips come down the road one evening with the news that the house was occupied. "Never ! And we not know it I " was the general exclamation. "I tell ye it is. There's carpenters in it workin'." " In the dark, John ! Teach your grand mother ! There's no carpenters." " There is, and someone is flittin' in and out the blinds yonder" " Well, that's queer, anyhow. .Come up, mates, and see. Maybe it's his ghost." " Whose ghost P Heaven help us ! " " Why j squire's. Come along up." A deputation proceeded to the house. They listened intently, and after awhile they distinctly heard the sound of rapping. Then it died away ; but though the men waited, awe-stricken, for a long while, the disturbance was not renewed.. ' Time passed on. The squire never came back ; the valet never returned; What had become of them?. The few servants had also disappeared* Mystery shrouded mystery I But the house remained empty, and the tappings continued. At times the dim figure of the squire was said to approach the windows, but no one heard him call, no one, after awhile, dared to attempt an entry. Then came the news that the eccentric and unfortunate gentleman had been robbed by his valet, bricked up within the wall of the substantial house, and left to perish. The appearance at the window was, therefore, the ghost of the squire ; the noises heard by those near the place were the rappings of his hunting whip against the wail. These noises were continually heard, until it was thought a stop would be put to the ghost and to its mysterious rappings if the old Hall -was partly demolished. The then owners of the property, who, we. believe, were named Bathurst, completed this change, but it was not found necessary or desirable fo pull all down. Sb one part of the old house, let off as à farm- house, was permitted, tb remain, and the present and newer mansion was erected. The estate seems to have come into the possession of a family named Lefroy in 1818\. But when members of it came to Ewshott, or Itchell, the ghostly noises and extraordinary sights they heard and saw alarmed them. The newer portion of the mansion abutted on the old part, which latter .was occupied by the bailiff. The gentry who inhabited the new premises weie frequently disturbed by some ham- mering, and when this rapping had con- tinued at intervals for some time, the family made, it a subject for special observation. «' I wish that fellow would not do his Carpenter's work so near my bedroom," remarked one of ¿he family. " It is most ¡annoying." * " Yes," assented one of the guests; " I have occasionally noticed the same thing. There seems to be regular intervals of hammerings." " We must bring ourneighbor to reason," said the host. " He - Cannot be permitted to play such pranks." " It sounded out-of-doors, I think, papa," remarked one of the young ladies, " There are five distinct blows, and then a pause ; but it seemed to me near the brew-house." " I will tell our good steward not to make such a noise-else he must turn out." y . A couple of days passed, as the man had temporarily left home, before any explan- ation was sought. Meantime the noises continued. When the occupant of the old farm returned he was promptly taken to task .by the owner of the estate, who had mean- while been considering a project to separate the farm from the close vicinity of the dwelling-house. "Oh, Man vii, what's all this noise we hear so frequently P I wish you wouldn't practice your carpentering so late. You. have no idea how loudly your work sounds in the house." " My work, sir I I never do any after supper at any time o'year. The wife and I have of ten said to ourselves the squire's putting up a lot of pictures. We said it was you, sir." "ll" exclaimed the owner. " Why, man, the noise is in your house." " We hears it in our house, sir, when we's in bed j it don't come from here, sir." " Do you mean to tell me that you have done no hammering lately at night." "Not a bit, sir. We go to bed about half after ten, and we hear the raps some- times as late as one ;o'clock. It's on your side." " Nonsense. I tell you what I'll do. I'll have the farm pulled down and rebuilt farther off if this disturbance continues." "Well, squire, that's hard. I give you my oath there's no noise made in our place. Why, what would we do it for ? " " Can't say, I'm sure. ' But unless it's stopped I shall certainly make the altera- tions which I have contemplated for some time. We shall see." The squire narrated his conversation with the man, and much curiosity was ex- pressed concerning the cause of the dis- turbance. " Perhaps it's caused by smugglers," sug- gested Qaptain Frazer, who was staying in the house. " In olden times there was a .good deal of that kind of business going on, and if report speaks truly, contraband trade is not entirely dead. Shall we search the cellars and passages P " " By all means j and we will have the old drain examined. Bats may have a great deal mora to do with this than old Man vii after all.'' Directions were accordingly given,anda volunteer party searched the premises. The cellars were perfectly dry and Bound. The drain was examined . carefully from end to end by an experienced man from the town. There was nothing which could in any way give rise to the noises, and the movements of the occupants of the druin could not be heard without. So the rat theory was immediately discarded. Peace reigned for awhile, but one morn- ing, soon after all these explorations had been made, Captain Frazer and another guest came dow» to breakfast rather re- served in manner. " I tell you what it. is, old fellow," said the captain to his friend. "'If you want to pull your furniture about and re-arrange it, I wish you would do so in the daytime. You kept me awake a long while last night." " My dear fellow, I was about to accuse you. I heard the noise. It seemed to me to be in-your room. I declare I never made any noise during the night." " This is rather too much," laughed the captain. " Your house must be haunted, then," he added, turning to his hostess. " We cannot account for such disturbances otherwise than by a ghost." A general laugh succeeded, but some of those at table accepted the idea with all seriousness, and onè remarked : " There ts a ghost story told in connec- tion with this place. They say the old squire of a hundred years ago has been seen here. He is supposed to make the noise we hear." " Nonsense/' replied the host, pettishly. " I will have that old house pulled down. The noises are there in the cracking beams." " But, then, why do-the blows come so distinctly, and at such regular intervals P " asked another of the party. " That is a problem I cannot solve," was the reply. " Let us watch one night, and if we can catch our ghost, all the better. Now please, ladies and gentlemen, not a word of our intention. Tell no one of this vigil, and you may depend upon it we shall find out something which will give us the clue." This arrangement gave great satisfac- tion; the young ladies -whispered to each other, it is true, but no one proclaimed the intention of the gentlemen. During the day a feV inquiries were set on foot, anda little girl volunteered the information that nurse had scolded her for. running about the bedroom at night, when " really she wasn't out of bed at all, but fast asleep!" Here was evidence of a most truthful and unexpected kind. The child had been doubted ; she caine to complain, and to elear herself, quite unconscious of any other motive. This testimony was looked upon as pointing to something uncanny, and the watchers were more than ever de- termined to ascertain the cause of the trouble. " You come up into my room, Lefroy, and we will watch together," said Captain Frazer. " The others can go to bed if they like; unless my next-door neighbor will accompany us." " I shall sit up, and if I hear any noise or see anything I will come into your room," replied his friend. " There is no- thing to be alarmed at, young ladies." No one seemed afraid, but everyone waa anxious as bed-time approached. The servants, who had often heard the noises, did not like them. ., Some had already given notice, and matters had -begun/to wear an .unpleasant aspect. . , : ... ,:::;-/[ Night came ; the arrangement proposed was carried out. Mr. Lefroy and,, his trusted > guest; retired to the apartment latter-the door was left, open. The lady of of the hpuse ¡and her husband took care to see that the servants were all in bed,, and the door fastened. .All the family, and the other guests, were ; laid, ; under : a .solemn, promise not to moye about, or tof cause any sort of disturbancerr-a; promise earnestly given. So after prayers, as usual, the housetíbld retired, and were soon: appar- ently wrapped in., slumber. . Mr. Lefroy and his guest retired last,of all, and sat in, momentary expectation of the : arrival of the ? ghost. Twelve o'clock had come , and. gone. Silence reigned supreme. On; other occasions the noise had been heard much earlier ;. as early as 10 o'clock, sometimes before the household had retired ; and this prolonged silence seemed to the watchers suspicious. 1 . . " The ghost has got wind pf our, inten- tion,", remarked Mr. Lefroy., " Some of those girls have been chattering, lt is a trick, , and the spectre will not come to-night." ; . .;-;l},U ... ,. j ? -v' " At any Tate we, have, run it to earth,'! replied the soldier» >* :;It is a good, thing that we have scotched, it. , The joker might have: alarmed the ladies; and children. Half-past 12, Lefroy. Time for bed, eh ? ',' ' " No ; I shaU sit up. . We- must not;be beaten now. You can lie down, though." " Not II Hark 1 By Jove, there it is." The captain was.right. The sound as ii someone. were striking the . wall. ,wijbh? a muffled mallet was distinctly audible. In the perfect silence of the house it had'a very weird sound, as it began slowly and with measured pace to strike the wall oi walls. As the gentlemen rose the noise became more rapid, then it got slow again, and continued varying the pace and the force, Sometimes it sounded hear at hand,.some- times at a distance, but it was quite audible always* It moved about, the house, rand after the .first few blows ii continued rapidly and without any regu- larity. ,, The mysterious sound could bi traced. Some of the other inmates came out to join in the watch and to listen to the .noise, which somehow seemed unwilling to rest. .. ... ?<.,,lr . ; ? . ? > In vain, the visitors hurried along the passages in slippered, feet to track the sound. It evaded them everywhere foi nearly twp. hours, and finally sank do wi as suddenly as it had begun. The house was again quiet ; the .inmates, retired, t< sleep'if they could, and nothing -more wai revealed to the men on watch during th< remainder of the night. ; v . ,i ä Inquiries were , now, necessary. Th« various members . of the family, relatée their experiences, and received the informa tipn which we haye, already related con corning the old squire and his servant " The house is haunted," was the genera verdict. ''Allua has bin! "1?But, never theless, the owner had his suspicions " The farmhouse shall be pulled down, an< I will have it watched,", he. thought.. . .... Orders were given accordingly. Th noises still continued ; the farmhouse-! fine old specimen of " timbered " architec ture-was carefully taken down, A trust worthy man was employed to watch.th premises, to see that no one removed any ?thing, during the night. Every precautioi was taken. . , Nothing bf a character to awake sus picion was found j but the solitary watche declared that he had seen a spectre movinj across the old yard-a queer-looking ap pearance in the moonlight. In vain he hai challenged the' solitary shape ; it took n heed of him j it simply glided away in n manner of human progress, and the brav stranger was nonplussed. He confided hi fears and his experiences to the squire. This evidence, given with perfect gop faith and conviction, rather staggered th occupants pf the mansion. The bailiff an his family had quitted the neighbourhoo and no one had gained admission to th site of the old farmhouse. The actuf j appearance of something, and, on othe occasions, of sights which the man con municated in private to the squire, onl made matters worse. The powers of dari j ness were evidently in league about'E\n shott, and the house wasdopmed. ; Servants gave warning and went j othei came but did not long remain. The; el farmhouse in- which, the ghost.had want dered-^-invisible generally, but always audible-was rebuilt at some distance from the dwelling house of the owner ; and some change. was . expected in the atmos- phère of the latter. But the extraordinary sounds continued. .. Every .effort was made to asoertain the whereabouts of the noise and its cause. "With; this..intention,: the writer pf the narrative, ; Maj pr ]Moor, says he and some friends, thinking it was in the cellar, wept to watch there. , It sounded out in the brew-house. Leaving one of their number in the cellar, the other twp proceeded to the brew-house, but though they oould dis- tinctly, hear .the sound, they could not approach it... , " They: returned, unsatisfied. , The old squire.thumped as usual; but at times so violently - that . all the household was awakened,, and some saw a curious shape traversing the passage like, a kind of mist, rushing, or being bio wn along the walls a vapory form which was intangible, almost . imperceptible ; but so rapid in ' . j "Invain the visitors hurried along the passage in slippered feet to track the sound." movement that , no , one could approach sufficiently near to ascertain whether it possessed substance or was merely a halo of the imagination. , Of course, the majority of the inmates laughed at the ghost, but the sounds and continual disturbance are no laughing matter. The dim presence flitting through the silent corridors and passages suddenly aroused the sleepers and the echoes. The door seemed about to open, and the dis- turber on the threshold ; but he never entered the apartment. Four or five nichts in the week these terrible sounds were heard, and the ghost was never in the rooms. One night, a lad on a holiday visit was sleeping in the house. He was. quite ignorant of the reputation which the mansion had at that time gained, and care was taken that he was not informed. He retired at the ordinary hour, but his hostess remained in the drawing-room reading. She was much interested in the work, and not thinking of the lad nor of the ghost. As she read» a strange, cold breeze.seemed to fan her cheek, and in a moment the crashing of the glass door leading to the other room made her spring up in alarm. The noise was yonder-the deliberate muffled sound, and then the; peculiar rumbling, which seemed to pervade the ground, and which so frequently accom- panied the ghost ; but nothing distinct was observed. The ohill presence might have been the draught from an open door, or window ; but, then, all the casement*' were shut and barred, the door was closed, and no current of air could have entered.. The hostess1 retired, convinced that the mysterious visitant would not again ap- pear. Sh(S> was not disturbed any more that night. Next morning she was curious to ascertain whether her'youthful guest had in any manner been annoyed by the presence which .had chosen such peculiar means to make itself known in the house, "I hope you rested well?" she said kindly to the lad. "Yes," he replied after awhile; "but about the middle of the night a great cart laden with iron went rattling past my window. I wish people wouldn't cart such things about in the night." > " You didn't see it then ? " asked his hostess. . " No ; it was pitch dark, of course. But I heard it, and a nice row it made." This lad was not the onlj person who has had an exactly similar experience and no one has ever accounted for the phenomenon to this day. One of the chief actors in this remark- able, drama has stated that the noise cornés in the Hall. The Hall is in the centre of the mansion, and over against the spot at which the old farm-house stood, and near the place where, the man .already men-? tioned was watching. The sound is des- cribed as a. great thumping noise, as if someone was beating heavy blows with a mallet in the Hall. In the dead of night, when every mem- ber of the family has gone to bed, and no imaginable cause can be assigned for them, this earrwitness declares. that a succession, of .heavy blows are heard distinctly. ; but not more, than once in the night, and generally between the hours of twelve and two a.m., whether noisier or less noisy, the sound is so peculiar that no one who has once heard it can mistake it for any other noise. Considerable pains have ~- . been taken at different times to ascertain whence; the sounds proceed, but entirely without success. After a lapse of twenty years we are as entirely in the dark as 'Jever. ?." The watchman declared that he had seen thé black, gentleman himself when watching the old house, and it is not a little curious that the Italian valet of the (supposed) murdered squire was so dark as to excite remark.; Whether the watcher was acquainted with the tradition, and ; suited his report to the circumstances, we can but conj ecture. The presence was there, the noise accompanied it. Many inmatès, year after year, have been disturbed by the . ghost, which is like no other existence. A kicking horse, a scampering of rats, the cracking of beams, may all be dis- tinguished ; but none of them at all resemble the noises heard at Itchell m combination with the mysterious appear- ances which, from time to time, have terrified and surprised the unwary. Fortunately, the ghost is harmless. No sad tale of misfortune, accident, or death supervenes upon its appearance, or upon its noisy summons. At times the' sounds taker curious freaks, and flocks of sheep seem to rush past ; but no footprints are visible on the ! lawn ; no one is seen when the noise of walking is heard in the Spacious Hall, and the door of the sitting room is suddenly opened in search of the intruder. The facts are as stated on the authority of witnesses ; but the cause of the ghost, the reason for his pattering and rapping, and his choice to pose as the Evil One, are mysteries hitherto unexplained. [The Australian rights of this story have' been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] -:--?-:- ? A horse that quite failed to keep up' his early promise (says " Vagrant ") is Hero, for whom it will be remembered H. Oxen h am paid a big price after seeing the son of The Drummer win a fast race for Mr. James Chambers at Hand wick a couple of seasons back. In the colors of the leviathan of the ring Hero won a couple of races in an astonishing way, but he went right off, and never landed a shilling for his new connection after that one meeting. Of late he has been under the care of Mr. Chambers at Morpeth once more, and the air of the quiet little town must agree with him, for the' bay is reported to be in blooming order. The Newcastle disappointment, Finis, is also a member of Mr. Chambers's string. ' * EDUCATION IN ENGLAND.-Barrister,, well connected, acts as guardian for boys; at. School or University ; caref ul supervision, home in holidays. B.O., Inner Temple Heading Boom, London. 