NOVEL A Fair Blockade . Breaker. BY T- C DE LEON. CHAPTER I.— CoirainjED. Tho scow 17118 beginning to fall more rapidly now, — though not yet a decided i storm. They cume ouddculy round tt bond iu the rwd ; ono mioty uh.'.dow crotsod the gray-f,'leamiug haza befuro thorn,— u sadden change of itrmn, — uud the tfii'jer (purred ahead us tho ahalluugo raup out. Grteno bent ovor hia horsu's nuik, quickly replied to the Bergeant, nnd next moment the li'tlo party wai galloping by, tlu flikes fallin;.' n ...cVip anil cold, but more rapidly now, and _^-' ? Jiv.in, solflier-liUo, nguiu dropping to tho re.ir. ? ' « 'What sort of a horse aid General Siuarl ride?'- Greece Halted, tuddouly breaking fcilnnce. . ' A heavy chestnut with -white rnano and tail,' Mi',: Clay answered. ' And the ohief or Btafl rnde n big bay,' the C.troliuiun added. ' Thoao horaos weto in front of General Hampton's tent when I want' for fiual instruction!! from Colonel FruBer this morning.— Fauntleroy,' — he turned in- his saddle ai tho t'cout drew up, upeaBiDg lets lamiinny, and with authority _ in the tono, ' a half -irila beyond is my ad . ? ' vanoo pout. Hat many milea 1'urthQr lieu \- .;' ybur .' Forry ' ?' ?'-'?.'.'.? \' Seven, eir,' tho scout replied, promptly. -. ' ''TJuipU ! not an hour's 6pin. Keep jour oyes about yon, then. There may be strangers en tho road Misa Clay would pro fernot to moot.' ? ' All rijjb.5, tir,' Even replied, confidently, ? Wo loth have good eyes, know every foot ot the rovl, and botfi homes hive good wind. We're as good at miming aa et fighting, eir_ . But t!jauk JOU all the ? same.' j Aud op;∈ the toout foil to rear ; and tho ! silonco of night wns uubrokorj, (ave by fitful 1 gusia of river wind that oraoklod the leaflet . troes. So, for eevernl minutes, the two 1 dashed ahtad, tha ground rising into hifjh'r k bluff.*, und tho road wi icning «h the woods 8 opened more. And as tho river wind gained B '? froor play about tho ohillcdridars.it sent the H _ , - enovsr-flakes about their Lends softer, larger, BT~ ' and iu dizzier whirl, coitiujj tho ground ^a ' _ lightly, thouyh not enough to msfllo the ^B ' hoofs ringing iu uninou on tho hard clay. %H 'Pull up!' the officer cried, nuddenly; B9 . una, aa tho other hortos fell into olow ciuitet sSk flt '10 conuaaud, he touohed hin own with raSB the rpur und turned from the open road into flljja ? » clump of trees on the hill-top. The quick ||||| ears bchiud him caught the ring of urras mB&L; brought to a 'ready,' thenquigkly baok to HHpl a 'carry,' aa hn reappehred. S^^ 'This ends my lino,' he si-.id to Tautitle IjSga roy. ' But I'll ride a bit further with you i&Ml; Mint Clay, and take r. look up the road.' SSfajS Oa °g'lm 'a tiloi'.oo tor oao mile,— two, — ^^b| three. Thou tho Cirolinian, wiih evident |jSBjjgg| reluctance, drew rein. ^^«| ' I can ro no further,' ho naid. ' Gnod ^^H by, Misa Clay ; and Gnd rp;ed your roisoion ! »-aj^a .- —I only hope J. miy bo ARam on picket when ' ^?8. you come baol: with the modioinesand- ' he \ paused an iuitaut, adrling, significantly— I ' tho news.— Good-by, M-. Fanntleroy, »ud {/ good luok to you !' Then, with a parting grup of the hand to each, the oflioer wheeled Iris horeo and gulloped back, r.s the venture Bome oousins jped otray, far beyond the Con federate lines. v:.; CHAPTER II. i. IUOE FOB FBEJiDOJI. , 'That's a soldier «nd n gcntloraan, Cousin j Caio,' Eteq Bfiid, a» thoy Bpun along. 'Good task1, foo ; iiatn't hof 'Pon my word ! he scorned hurrl hit ; r.nd in the dirlr, I . ?? too !' And tho light-hearted follow laughed, I . . aa though wsr'woro not and enemies were I read of only in the fsiry-tales. \ ?? , 'Don't bo n goose, Evan !' HisB Olsy re I j '?..'.- totted, half amused in spite of hor anxiety ? I I ' And don' t mako suoh a noiss. What a boy ?) v ...i you fire ! Do you know,' she added, Bori rji' *' t '.:.? ouBly, ? « I ? aw renlly Trorricd about 'this j t news ? If General Job had only been in j ^i oimp ! Oh, Evan, should I iniaa that boit .' — *^ y.^ to-uight, ?airfox may dio before I oan «ft \». ^ over aud baok ! And poor mothor ! Yon ^inow how worn and rorrous ehe is with nuraiag and anzioty. Should she ohsuee to ' . hoir of Ydnkeeo on the road, bei-fcara would oonjure up capture, prison,— worae,— for me!' 'Why, oi)K, what's tho use of borrowing trouble t See that fork atray to the left P That is but three niilas to ' tho Forry ;' anr1 \tho horona are as freBh a« ? ' . . ' What is that glow ovor by tho mor,— to tho right P No, there 1*. MirtJ Clay broke in, .pointing impatiently. A ' ff.iut, pinkish hnzo showed dimly ? ifchiough the whirling snow ?fl&ko3;,—» steamy \- - ^glow,. minor than a light. The eoout gnzed ? - tstou,dily iu tho direoiion awhile, then ans \'..':'. .?'., y'yf «r«d, plnoidly, — '.':. ? :o 'JSorthern lights, may be ; but I'muo dab \ -V ?'.'?'.'$ aatronomy.; , Sjb'jib pretty low, -thonph. ^ lerhaps there's brush ofire in that bottom.' L. . ,' It u',a fire, the «irl replied.' 'Seel it ';;? OJ^nuds and falls. Evan, eau it be a oamp ''? ,',' ''.fitip1 .. ', , -. ? ?;;;;??? 'Not muohl' he answered, lightly. , ? ?-?',. 'W*'ra'way beyond our linos; and sursly .? : ,'.':' .?: , no fa to could enuip no ueur them without ?'?'?'?..'?;;??. our.Booutu' kuowledgt). By Jove, Oouniu \, ( f*rV I «ally boHovts tho Lsgion man hns ,:..?. jjadaUpu ^nervous !' '. '; '??..?'.-'? )'' , ' OAitio'u and nervouenesa nro not'akin, as ' ?:??;? v '.-; ??.'' »n pWor soldior would kuov.',' Mijt City . rotortod, rv hor coldly. 'I hare too tnuoh ot «(.ak« to rink «uy dauger I ofin avoid. Oh, Evan, J imust gnt to Baltimore to-morrow I' ' AA \» you BhBll, you dear, bravo girl !' t^o h'«jtibAisw«redf couiidoLtly. ? See that op«n hill-top'i just beyond P «From that wo strike tho last fork of this trail,— good road and a Bhort milo down-hill to ' tho Ferry.' It eitn't be much past midnight ; and old P6to hns orders to -wait till tho vory lust minute he riores, before davfn. Brace up, COB ! You've boon over this some tr»il three times ? ' 1 And never felt a (tadow of doubt boSore,' iho interrupted, adding, with a ligh Hint would come, 'It ii because I have ro mtioh mr.ro »t»tfiko than over before. But it is neatly over, thank God 1' Tho steaming lionei breasted the hill brnvely and reached the open exeat. An ea»y olope led away into a broad, white road, now well oarpetcd with winter'* wool. Just at ito foot, a narrow belt of tr«s Btrotohed nway to the loft, leaving th« blaok ri»er plainly viuible from (ho bold blufff to the right, and through ihoae trtei out a narrow road, d«k and ditm»l through tho braider rfeim of tbo snowhazi, norr soaroe Ie»i lii'ht than day. 'There! Blli»'« Fork,— jaBt one milo to ?belauding !' oriod the itout, on they rac«d nt speed down tho Bmdy elope and nearly up to the biseoting trail, the hoof-boato ringing no longor, but thudding dull on the dampened inad. tiuildnily with one impulse both rider* wrunehtd their horse*' mouthn bo fi«oely as !o bring them almost to their haunobes. Then both tat liko itatues, their neoVs Htroino:! forward, ears bnnt oaporly towards tbo vrocdn ro«d, just ahead. In the dead *ti)lneis, tlm deep breathing of the iteoming liorees was the only sound, save, to them, tho qnioV beating of their own bearls. So, for eeconds that seemed ag£B. Then the ecout whispored low, ai though in ar-Bwtr to ft qneotion, — 'Yci; hoofs!' 'Snh! olnnk of sabres! QuicU ! into the trcoa ! Quick ! Go softly.' Uoth linrsPH vjp.m tnmrt ! RnmltnnitnnHW :nto the eoreon of troea, woll baok from tbo glfntii of the opon road ; and Evsn F»uutle roy, placing himtelf hotweeo the giil und tho approaohing sounde, loaned from his fnddle, atraiuh-ened hor bridle, felt ihe roan'u bit, and gontly s'.roked his great neok. Then he roso iu his atirruju, atro'ohing tho cold-cramp out of liin l«ga, braced himsoU nfreuh in the saddle, and tested tho «hnrubsr of tho big revolver drawn from his lioliVrr. The tramp of hoofn was now plainly heard, out by tho clank of sabres,— porhapo five, or six, — perhaps a aoiro. ' C»Vftlry !' the soout whisptrsd to the girl ' Probably our scouts ; po«iibly ? ' Ho hotitated only a second ; but she calm ly finished for him : ' Avcriil's. If so, which way V 'li they're Yanks, thoy art fooling for onr pickets,' E ran whispered, back. ' Thoy'll go eant, over Jho road w» oame. We o»u out through tho woods road and dodgo thorn iu the buuom ? ' ' No ! If they pass m,' straight for ' tho Fsrry ' !' Tbo girl's whisper w»a o»lm, but ita cle.-ir, bell-lika ringearried command, not iu so };an--nmu. ' ' The Ferry,' thon,— if they paea ui,' the r.ian replied, adding, quiatly, ' Put up that thing.' 'Hi noted tho motion of her hand, letting tho ehambcr of a piatol ; and by the glemn of whits skin ho dimly law, too, that she h&d; drawn the gauntlet from her pistol baud. ' Put that up, I say. If they be Yanks, thi§ i» a ouse of run, not fight. Listen ; for timo ia short !' The hoo(« were plainly heard now, — a doesn horses trotting slowly towards th*m, a donen jabroa jingling merrilj against their flanks. ' Listen, and rnmomber. If thoy see us, nut »traight through these woods for the trail they're on now. Follow it »tr«ight south, till you itrlie a rook fenoo ; jnmp that, and you'ro iu an old field, where Blicjr oan distance *ny cavalry horse any Yank oirm. If I lose you in tho dark woods, rids to tho nigger'i hut across tho field and turn Bloesr looie. Tell Iehani, tho old nigger, MunoEriu Baid to hido you all day nnd be aura to get you to ' tho Forry ' at night. You under stand f ' I do,— perfectly,' tho girl replied, still quietly. ' You moau to fight them oil while I run.' All this wan quiokly spokon, in whijpers, but olearly dittinot on either sila. The sp proaohing horso had turntd into th* ssndy read, trotting east towards them, not ono hundred yards away. For an instant Evan was siltnt. He had oombnted Cirolyn Clay's will befor», and knew its strength. Th-n he whispered, — ' They're on us ! Promina mo, Ciro I Rsmeraber your mother ! Remember Fair fax ! It is the only ohanco. Promise !' There was a choke in the whisper th»t oamo baok to him : ' I promise !' The stillness of doath hnng over that littlo belt of wcods. Sido by Bido the Southern soldier and tho Southern girl (at liko statues, each with oje and ear»lert and with firm haud upon the rein. L-ke ntatues the horsia slood, their sides soaroo heaving now, but with forward-priokod ear», at oogni annt of eonio danger thst might oome. Aud iu that stillness the rustle of snow-fUko upon orisp leaf whs shsrp and clear. Roof-inunVd by damp sand of tho littlo ssccut, the straugor horsemen trotted nearer still. Ghost-liko and oilont they moved into view, u, Bolitary rider in advance, the moony vapor rolling round him, — Who seemed tho phantom of * ji»nt in it. On tho troopers moved, — two, — two more, — two again, — until tho practised eya of the ecout counted twelve ; taking; in, through n-(jhtandmUt, tho outline of th« capo the differing jest, tho preoiie gait, of Peleral oavolry. It Evan Fauntleroy krew what fear meant, he certainly had never obeyad the divine in junction sunloiently to know himself in that reipeot. In tho front of the charge, in long nnrl lonely scout, in still moro trying test of lying inaotive for hours under heavy fire, tho boy h»d even been utterly oblivious of danger, — had ever oarried a j«st upon his lips. But now beads stood upon his brow, Hfite of tho piercing oold, and he could hoar hia heart thumping audibly, close under hii obin. F'ir never had groator responsibility than his own life— not counted by him— or a missing report, because of a bullet, faoed him. Now, a womau's safoty and freedom — potharia' her life, for he kuow hia couiin would light, or fly, but nover yield— -were dependent upon his taot and coolness. Slowly — taking ages, it Becmed to the nching brain of tho Confederate — the offioor trotted by; slowly one pair of riderB, — another, — another, — until his nervous ten. eion could poaroo refrain from giving ono red-hot ' R;bel yoll' and dashing out upon them. Then tho Beaming endlosp agony wt« over; the but riders had passed, disappeared, ond were unconding the hill beyond the hidden viafchors; and not a suspicion had that oi trioh of ». aoout-oommanderthat his prey had been bo noar and— m'Bsod ! Then tho Southern woman— liko oil her sisters, forgetful of dnuger, of telf, of all siwo hor lovo'slnbor — whispered, — ' Thank Gjd ! wo oan make ' tho Ferry ' now.' And in answer, clear and shrill and loud from tho road beyond eohoed tho neigh of a horou ; and ere Evan's quiok hand eould olinoh his roared muzzle the roan had ana wmrcd full and Btrotig. No time to lose now! Ono ohauoo, and nnl» nnn 1 ' Quiok ! the woodi road 1 Bemember : south, — tho stone fenoe, — oldlsham I Quiok ! for yourself I— for little Fairfax I' And in eoho enmo from the road, — ' Halt I Right about ! Forward f— Trot! March 1' Instantly the girl wheeled hor horse, trot ting jhpidly between trees for the narrow road-^he reversed soouttng-party moving fast towards them, guided by tha neigh. Once she turned, orying, — ? ' Como ! Evan, you promiiod 1' And tho boy answered, oheorily,— 1 Go on ! Faster— for Fairfax's sako 1 I1 'V ^-: \ ? ? . !. ooming,'— adding ^through hia clonohed teoth, ' when I'vo hold thorn baok long enough to save you !' Tho thundor of oloso hoofs was opposite tho Rcout ; tho Fodorals, now at a ohargo, strung out as BkirmiehorB along tho road, to hem in their ur.-''-n foo. Without oven a glance ho know u.... .i.eirenrbinos woro un slum;, and tho least sound would bring a volley to drop him ont of saddle. From tho vantage darkness of his covert, he saw tho first four dash by, straight for tho little trail, for whioh tho girl was making, too. Then rnmo tho offloor, in full career ; and Evan, quiokly wheeling bis horje, turned in the saddle and fired at the flying shadows without, — onco, twico, — as thny camo into view. Then camo a halt, a rush of qniok changed, hoofs, and tho orup twigs of tho trcoi about him hurtled around bis oirs, »B rix carbines simultaneously Bpoko that their oovoy was flushed. Through tho snow dimmed woods ho saw them ornsh, bo eit tingr motionless, half turntd in saddlo, hia loft hand firmly feeling thn bit. His rufe had told. Ho had drawn oil pursuit from the girl ; and oven then his trained oar oaught the bolt of Binder's hoofs upon the hard road behind. She hod gained the trail and a quarier-ruilo start ! Now for himself ; for tho foremost Fa l«al was with in twenty yards of his still nnRcen foo. A flash of tho heavy pistol, a a.iund be twixt a groan and a ro»r, and the Yankee's horso plunged forward to hia knees, rolling his rider in tho mow. A touch of the f pur, a shake of the bit, and Evan's bl-iok— well trained to that kind of work— was dashing nonthward at balf-ppeeo, skimming tieo trunki desporately oloso, but ohorwing cafo-t wsy wholly unguided, while urged ovor by spue and voice. Oa came the purauor?, strung ont through the dim woods, handionped by he.wior gallantly preening after tho flying euemy,— not knowing if ho were one or a dor-n. Now and again the carbines rang, moro than ouo chip of b\rk flying near tho soout'H head, and one bullet whittling olo»o by bis ear. But it wan raoing aim, and tho wood wsa darker thf.n without : bo Evan stock to tho shelter as long as ho miirht, before striking out into tho woods trail. Ho wa« gaining on the Federala, too ; and fainter beat of hoofs in front, and fainter still, told him that Carolyn Clay xos past pursuit, — wan safe at last ! Into tho road ho dashed ; into the road soon strung the pursuit ; and with a yell and touch of both spars tho soout gavo the blaok hia head and raced for freedom. Then, straight ahead rnng out a distant shot,— a pittol, bis trained ear told Evan ; and his heart grow os le»d, for he knew the Federal had used tho oarbine. The girl had mot some check, — vrao fighting her way through ! Olinohing his teeth and bending: far over the r.eok of his foaming steed, Fauntloroj drove both spurn cruelly homo, raoing nhoud hoodie's of bullets whistling by, every fibre of his brain strained fo listen. No more shots, — no sound of hoofs ; only death's stillness ahead. But froro behind the thud of hoof i drew nearer, spite of his inereaeed spoed, — ne«r»r still ! Thon, wrenohing him self rouud, tho flying Rsbel saw a sing'e horseman, far in lead, charging down on him ; and the groat stride of tho horeo warned him that his own underfed beast must lose in that ov«rmatch. More carefully than before, ho briCod himself by his knees, taking steady aim at the on-rushing shadow behind, — just aa a red flush gleamed out from it. His turning had saved the soout, for he felt the -wind of the bullet whimog by ; but ho heard, too, that rasping, indowribarile Bound of lead oranhing into flesh ! One larch, and the black was on his knees, rolling over bo quiokly aa to pin hia rider's leg beneath him. On Bpod the pursuer, followed o'.oie by others ; and the R^bol with, teeth sst from pain and r»ge— rented hia pintol on bis bridlo arm and waited to make his last shot euro-telling. ' Crate firing !' rang out in oloar com mand ; aud the trained troopers foU iulo twoi, as they rode up behind their officer. Covtred by Ernu'j pistol, th* latter redo on alone to oert∈ death, his own revolver silent in his haud. For, with the brutal fire of battle, bot in hid blood, the ccont ?readied his aim, and pressed his fiugir slowly on tho trigger, — when ?uddenly ho grew d'jmy from pain, and fell back help lers. The next instant tho pumuit was on him and he wa« covered by tho offioor's pistol. 'Dismount and secure him, wrgeiiut,' the Federal ord.Tcd, qaiotly.— 'Do you sur rer.der ?' ' I oan do nothing elso,' Evan answered. sullenly, qu'ckly adding, in hia own rein, ' And if you want a live capture, let some of your blue-coated gentlemen lift this good friend of mine oS my log.' The sergiant and another were already beside him, the former deftly wronohing the pistol from his grasp. Brief time it took to raise the quivering home from his rider's leg and lift tho boy, pale with pain, to his feet. ' Buy, boya ! Wait a bit ! I think that left leg's gone !' ho said, with a catch in his b'eath. ' U-ugh 1 Ah-h ! That's better, Mister Yank.' And he put his foot ginger ly on the ground, tried to rest upon it, then leaned heavily on tho Btalwart sergeant. 1 Who are you f ' the officer aikod. ' A Confederate loldier,' Eran roplied. ' Scouting f ' 'No; on lo&ve;,' the other answered, quickly, his shrewdness returning as pain deorensed. ' What aommand P' ?Private, B Troop, —th Virginia Cavalry,' was the auawer. ' I was riding to a farm below, v?ith a lady, — had no notion any Yanks were aorosi the rivor.' ' You flred on u»,' tho offlier said, sternly. ' Bnt I didn't — hit you !' tho bo7 retorted, with a grin half of pain and half of fun, trying to gain time for Carol in Clay and listening engorly for any found southward. 'Dismounted Corporal Riloy, tir,' tho eorgesnt reporto 1 to hia cidaer. hand to cap. 1 That's even, ranj ir,' Eran retorted, quiokly. ' You dismounted me. May I ask ono favor, sir p My horeo and I are old oom radsi,' he added, with a littls tremor iu tho voioe. ' Will you let the sergeant put him out of pain ?— No ! not that I' Ho quiokly threw up the carbine the sergeant lovellcd at signal from the major. ' Thore'a ono ball loft iu my pistol ; and I think poor old Jeb would rather g.- that way.' Tho stout-hearted aoout turned his face aside, and tho rough sleeve passed swiftly aoross hi« oyelidf, as tho Federal trooper sent tho laBt Confederate bullet into the blaok's brain. ' Aro you badly hurt V tho oflioer risked. ' Paat walking,' Evan replied, with quiok repressed grunt of pain, as he again tried to bear weight on his left foot. ' No bones broken, I guosa ; but a- pretty bad wrenoh.' ' Take him behind you, Dowd,' tho major ordered. ' 'We're waiting time.' And two stout pairs of arms raided the captive, not ungently, nnd plaoed him on tho orup of the Iriahmaa's horse. 'Sergeant, send him baok to headquar ters. Detail Ri'oy to guard him,' tho major ordered, whoelini; his horse. ' An infantry support, Paddy,1 whispered Eran, ai he grippid tha Irishman's waist. ' Hark ! what'o that P'.muttorod tho Feder al officer, suddenly oheoklog his horn1; and turning in Baddle to listen. — ' Platoon' !— By right and left— as skirmishers— Maroh !' An instant more, tho road was dear, tho ?ldrling woods on oither hand aonoimling iho littlo force, and each 'man's carbine at a 'roady.' For now, from southward, plainly sounded hoofs, at rapid t»ot, and soon the jingle of aoooutrflments told of oavalry advanoing. In rear of tho last trooper, Evan listened with bated breath. -..,??.?? TO 8E continued;, . 