" A poet is born, not made"—so some illus- trious individual said, and no one has ventured to contradict him. I am not an illustrious person by any means—have no ambition that way—but I do hope that, whatever people may think, none will be rude enough to contradict me when I say, " Nerves are made, not born." Nature never intended me for a heroine, or she would have endowed me with the courage and martial instincts I so sorely lack. I was never more convinced of this than when I announced my intention to walk into Wyeford " all by myself" one lovely autumn evening about ten years ago. I was staying at Thorngrove, one of the prettiest villages in England, and probably the sleepiest. It lies deep down in a fertile valley, surrounded on every side by densely-wooded heights abounding in game, both furred and feathered. There is fishing there, too, of the best ; the bright little river that wends its way to the sea through bramble, thicket and oster bed, is wonderfully well stocked. The whole of the village, with the exception of one small farm, which was my own property, belonged to the lord of the manor. The Squire, for various reasons, was very anxious to get possession of this farm. He had made repeated overtures to my uncle, Sir Gylbart Clive ; but that astute guardian declined to do anything during my minority, and when I became my own mistress, advised me to bide my time. At last, however, he considered that my time had come, and recommended my acceptance of the latest and most advantageous offer ; but he thought I had better go down, see the place for myself, and hear what the intending purchaser had to say about the contemplated transfer before I made up my mind. At the request or Mrs Wheatcroft I remained a few days at the Abbey farm, and while there received a telegram from Sir Gylbart anent the exchange of ownership, requiring an answer by return of post—an utter impossibility, seeing that I did not get the telegram until five o'clock and the post went out at three. Obviously the answer must be either taken by myself or sent by messenger to the post-town. It was nearly the end of harvest—hop picking had just be- gun and Mr Wheatcroft was in great trouble about his " borley.'" It was going to rain, and it was a matter of life and death with him to get his outstanding corn carried and stacked in the rickyard before the weather broke. Knowing this I could not ask him to spare a "hand" for me : I resolved rather to walk my- self to the post town with the answer to my uncle's letter. It was rash, I know ; but then I have done many rash things in my life. " It is a lonesome road, Miss Clive," my hostess said rather dolefully. " Oh, I don't mind !" I repeated as airily as possible : but nevertheless I felt just the least bit afraid. " Well, I'm sure I hope you will get there safe," Mrs Wheatcroft said, in a tone which implied that she had hope of it. " Oh, I shall be all right !" I returned, in a firm voice, and I looked very brave. " And the gipsies, if you meet them ?" " I am afraid of no gipsy under the sun !" and there was the ring of true courage in my voice this time. " Ah, that's because you don't know them," my hostess said. " It is because I do know them that I am not afraid," I responded very quietly. " My father was a great traveller, and I went with him nearly all over the world—with my heart in my mouth more frequently than in the place assigned to it by nature, but gipsies had no terror for me." " Why not ?" " I am half a gipsy myself." " Law ! you don't say so !" " But I do ! I have their blood in my veins —sadly diluted now—and I know the secret signs, sacred words and hidden mysteries, and I can speak in gipsy ' gib.' " " And can you tell fortunes, too ?" " Oh, yes, with the best !" " But do you ever ?" " Frequently. I have often made use of my knowledge for the benefit of charities, and earned large sums of money by Indian palmistry." " Did you ever go to India ?" " I lived there about nine years." " Ah, I remember now—your poor father died there ! Wasn't he writing a book or something ?" I gave a little nod of acquiescence and fare- well. The good lady had unconsciously touched a tender point. My father was an eminent scholar and a man of great experience and wide sympathies but he had a craze—one could call it nothing else. He was very proud of his gipsy blood—the little that had come to his share through many generations—which principally showed itself in a somewhat peculiar form—a determination to prove that it was not Welsh or Gaelic, but Gipsy that was spoken in the home of our first parents, the Garden of Eden. To that and he gave all his time and substance, with what suc- cess will never be known, because, before the labors of his life were completed, his pen was laid aside for ever. As my father had no son, the title and estates went to his brother Gylbart, who was ever a kind friend to me, and did the best to supply the place of him I had lost. He gave me a daughter's welcome to hearth and home, and, when Jack came home from sea, and the foolish boy fell in love with me, he gathered me in his arms and blessed us both after the good old-fashioned style, and it was settled that we were to be married the following spring, when Jack would be home on leave. I was thinking of all this as I tramped on my way to Wyeford. The walk was all very well at first—there were a few farms and several straggling cottages dotted about it when I passed the last farm I knew that a long four miles lay between it and my destination. I began to realise three things—first, that the distance between Wyeford and Thorngrove varies considerably—it was much greater walk- ing than riding behind the fast bay cab from the Abbey farm ; second that it was much later than I had thought, that the evening was closing in rapidly, and it would soon be dark ; third, and most important of all, that I was afraid. When the moon appeared all of a sudden I was more frightened still. It shone in a fit- ful, half-hearted fashion through ; little rifts in a dense black cloud. In the uncertain light the trees and hedges assumed strange incanny farms, and many a weird shadow was cast upon the ground. Still I went on, and presently came to the top of a hill. At the foot lay small dingle, a dry, cosy nook between the hills, and I could see by many signs that some people had camped there for the night. Involuntarily I paused and strained my eyes and ears to as- certain who and what they were. I was not long in doubt. The light breeze bore to me a word or two which would have been barbarous and without meaning to many, but which were familiar enough to me. Presently a great ferocious lurcher came bounding up the hill with a low threatening growl ; but, instead of doing me grievous bodily harm, the savage brute danced about me with every doggy de- monstration of delight, and all because I had whispered a command in the language he knew best and called him " My good dog !" With a joyous bark of welcome and a friendly wag of the tail, he invited me to accompany him, and we proceeded together. There were two men standing at the bottom of the hill. They ran forwars to call the dog from me, and I heard the elder one mutter in Romany :— " Who are you that bewitched our dog, and where in heaven's name are you going ?" " It's only a little black lady going to town," the other said contemptuously. And with that the raen returned to their en- campment, which I intended to pass witiout any notice ; but that was not to be. " Will you tell me the time, pretty lady ?" '' I knew, perfectly well thai the ancient dame squatted by the fire knew without asking what o'clock it was ; nevertheless I pulled out my watch, and, finding that it was too dark to see the hands, I drew off my thick leather gloves and pressed the spring. In a moment my father's gold repeater announced in a sweet silvery chime that it was a quarter past seven. Before the sound had died away a young man who was lying upon the sward gave a peculiar cry, and I replaced my watch quickly and thrust my hand into my glove again as he said, in a rapid warning tone :— " Put that gold watch and chain into your pocket, and the pretty ring on your hand !" Looking round, I saw why the caution had been given ; two tramps were slouching by. I could not tell whether they had heard the silvery chimes or seen the valuable diamond flash in the pale moonbeams, but I knew that I was glad they passed up the hill instead of going toward the town.. " Thank you !" I said very gratefully. " You are welcome, lady," the young man returned rather gruffly, " But you shouldn't dance them things' afore a hungry man's eyes, or maybe you'll lose them." " I won't do it again," I said, with some humility, wondering all the while where and when I had seen the young man ; that I had met him before I was convinced. We all talked together for a minute or so, and then, recollecting that time was precious and that I still had fully three miles to go, I wished them— " Good day and good luck !" " And the same to you, with the ' sun on the path !" they returned heartily. The young man got up, camr close to me, and said in a whisper which the rest could not hear : " It was kind of you to remember me, and I haven't forgot the debt I owe you, and some- thing tells me I shall not be indebted to you long." " You owe me nothing," I assured him eagerly ; " I am pleased to see you again. I did not recognise you at first, but I know now that they call you ' Rainbow Bill ?' " " Yes," he admitted, with a slight frown ; " but when they christened me that I had little thought as you, standing by so quiet, watching us pick hops, knew every word we said." " No," I replied laughingly, " for if you had known you wouldn't have been spiteful when the old gentleman asked whe the little black lady was." " I know I called you some nasty name, I thought you was like the rest, and too proud a woman to speak to a poor gipsy or touch his hand." Without a word more I laid my hand upon his, and raising the left one in the air made a sign that I hardly expected they would under- stand. There was a look of deep astonishment on the aged gipsy's face, but the others simply favored me with a friendly nod I scarcely ex- pected to receive ; and as I passed on my way I heard a shrill voice saying :— " That's one of the Welsh gipsies—perhaps the black lady herself ! What's her name, Bill ?" " I dunno ; but it's the little black lady as begged me off when I got into trouble ; an' I'll pay her back just now, I'm thinking !" " It is the unexpected that always happens." When I started from Thorngrove I had a vision of all sorts of things that might occur ; but I never even thought of " Rainbow Bill," much less expected to meet him. I had almost for- gotten his existence, and it is too long a story to tell how I became acquainted with him ; it is sufficient to say that I was the means of pre- venting him from being prosecuted for a serious breach of the Game laws. It was a clear case, and unfortunately Bill had used his fists some- what freely, and I had to exert all my influence to beg him off. I walked on briskly, quite pleased with the little adventure—indeed I forgot how dark and lonely was the way, and I gave no thought to tramps. All of a sudden—for no reason that I can give —my fear returned ; but there was a difference now. Before, they had assumed no form or shape ; they were as vague and shadowy as a half-remembered dream. Now they were defined ; and I no longer dreaded the spirit of the night and wild creations of the brain, but beings of flesh and blood. I knew I was not alone. I was shadowed by somebody—and it was not a friend. In vain I looked up and down the road ; there was not a single creature in sight. I strained my ears to the utmost, but I could not hear a footfall or even the rustle of a leaf. Never did the moon shed her gentle radiance upon a fairer scene of peace. I resumed my journey onward with lagging feet ; all the elasticity gone out of them, and hope had died within my heart. I tried to feel brave, but did not succeed, and I gave myself up for lost before I had seen my foe. It was a long, narrow road, little better than a lane, with a great high hedge on either side and tall trees ttiat mingled their wide spreading branches overhead and shut out the rays of the sun by day and the pale beams of the moon by night. At last I came to a sharp bend in the road. The outer curve was a piece of waste ground covered with dense thickets of gorse and brier which might prove a good ambuscade. In- stinctively I gave it a wide herth, but it was of no avail. Two huge shadows glided stealthily from behind a bush, then the tramps I had seen slouching by the gipsies' camp suddenly confronted me. I was profoundly ignorant of military tactics : nevertheless I "disposed my forces" to the best advantage, and all uncon- sciously did the correct thing in the circum- stances. I beat a hasty retreat. An ancient oak grew close beside me ; its wide spreading branches formed a vast canopy above my head, and its gnarled and twisted-roots—the growth of ages —ran and twined in every direction about the grassy path. I flew to the friendly shelter it afforded, then faced the enemy. With that massive trunk in the rear, flanked on the right by a high bank of red marl, and on the left by an immense heap of unbroken stones with jagged edges sharp as flints, I felt less unpro- tected than the open roadway. The manoeuvre was a brilliant though unintentional success. I think we were all rather astonished ; I was, anyhow. No sooner was my intention ascertained than the tramps darted after me more like tigers than men. In a moment one of them, catch- ing his foot in the projecting roots, fell with great violence upon the stony heap ; then, without a sigh or a moan, he slid to the ground, where he lay quite still, a senseless, helpless log, and his upturned face was ghastly white, save for a cruel red mark on the brow. It was a terrible shock, to me and an awful warning to the other evildoer ; but if I had a hope that the prostrate man's companion in crime would profit by it I was soon undeceived. With brutal imprecations and threatening gestures I was ordered to " fork out" my purse, and with trembling hands did so. I think I had a hazy idea that if I complied with the wretch's demand with as little fuss as possible I might conciliate him and satisfy his unlawful greed ; but I was mistaken. " Only a fiver and two half sovs. ! I wonder you ain't ashamed to walk about with such a scrubby bit o' money !" he said, with real or assumed contempt, as he dropped the purse into his pocket. " It is all I have," I tried to say ; but my teeth were chattering in my head, and my lips refused to utter the words, few as they were. I was terribly afraid, and, to add to my fears there was a mist swimming before my eyes, giving the burly form before me a gigantic size and strange, uncouth shape, unlike a thing of earth. " Oh, if he would only let me go !" I thought despairingly. I shall faint or die if I stay here !"—and, as I looked at the senseless form at my feat, I shuddered and wondered if the man was dead.. " Don't stand a shiverin' there like a ghost, but just hand over that time o' day of yours as goes tinkle, tinkle, so pretty, like the bells in church, and look sharp !" I looked at the man aghast. Give him my father's watch, a wretch like him ! Oh, the very thought was madness ! I could not suffer that sacred treasure to pass into such un- hallowed keeping. " I cannot !" I nerved myself to ecclaim, and the sound of my own voice somewhat reassured me and braced me up to further efforts. " Now none o'yer nonsense ! I aint a-goin' to stand here all night palaverin' with you—so don't think ! You just hand over that ticker and them pretty rings, or it'll be the worse for you !" "I won't !"' " Oh, you won't, won't you ?" " No ; I'lL die first !" And I felt that I would. Part with Jack's ring—the sign of the tender love he bore me, the seal of our betrothal— impossible ! Jack, say Jack, my husbasd that was to be, had placed it on my hand, and I had promised him, with a little shy kiss, that I would wear it night and day ; and I was only too glad to keep my word. My bonny sailor lad was on the sea ; many a cruel wave and awful billow flowed and foamed between my love and me, but when I looked at that previous token Jack did not seem so far away. And the pure gold was like himself, and the lustre of the stone was the love light in his eyes. Part with my darling's ring ! No, I would never do that I would keep it as long as life was left to me ! I told the wretch so, and I stood before him no longer a shivering, shaking, coward, but a bold, defiant woman. Vain were his threats and imprecations—I would not surrender ; nothing he might say or do should induce me to deliver those priceless treasures into his hands. " There is no one to help you if you screamed your heart out !" he roared, with savage exul- tation. But the brutal assurance had no terrors for me, though those who would fly to my aid were my need but known were far from me. " But why not ?" I asked myself. True, the distance was great—far too great for the ordi- nary voice of a seaman's " Ahoy !" But what of that ? I had been East and I had been West, and I had seen many strange sights, strange people and strange customs, and I had learned many strange things, two of which were to stand me in good stead that night. The first I had picked up on the banks of the Ityosi from a friendly Zulu long before we went to war with his tribe. He was our guide, and he assisted my father to master the language, and he taught me how to shoot. A Zulu will make himself heard for a great distance with the wind dead against him ; and I tried to learn the art, and succeeded as well as a civilised being could hope to do. Now, as I drew deep successive draughts of air into my lungs and raised a cry of distress, the waves of sound rolling onward, to be echoed and re- echoed by the surrounding heights, I mar- velled that I had not thought of such strategy before, especially when the sharp yelp of a dog was borne to me on the soft breeze of night, followed by a shrill whistling hiss that showed that my cry was heard, and help was near at hand, nearer than I thought or dared to hope. The tramp knew this as well as I, and that what he had to do must done quickly. Thrusting out his arms he made a grab at me, but I eluded his grasp and darted behind the tree. Then we dodged each other, played a kind of hide and seek like two children, save that it was a terribly earnest game, and the fun was left out altogether. (To Be Continued.) 