SPOETINiL Horseracing. Br "Wixr. Weights . for .the A.J.O.- Summer Gup, Tatteroall's Oup (Sydney), and Partington Stakes were declared on Monday, and as many of our Queensland horses are engaged, the hondioapB ore more " interesting reading " than usual. In the Stpaisn Pro, ' 1 mile, the Queens- landers are treated thus— the top weight being Marvel, with 10 st. :— ' St. ib. ' at. lb. Donizetti .. 8,0 Elymos . ,, 7" 6 Splondido ' .. 8 4 Talkdtlvo .7 4 Realm . . 8 . 2 Prlohton 7 3 Prime' Minister 7 12 Musician ' , . 7 0 Babel'..' 7 "11 Tridentote. " 6 12 Candour .. 7 6 , , In TarrzasInL's Pwra Our, 2 miles, the ': woights are :— ' Ddnizotti. ,» 8 7. Elymas' ' ,7 3 Splondido- . . 8 4 Talkative ,, 0 11 Realm.. ... 8 O Mmioian ,, 0 11. Prime Minister 710 Oriohton ,, 6 10 Oundour .. 7 6 Tridontato ,,0 8 Babel . . 7 - 5 ' The top woight being Marvel, 9 st. 11 lbs. . ' Oahmnoton Stakes ; J mile. Babel .. ' .. 8 11 Bliss .. 7 8 Prime Minister 8 7 M.L.A. 7 6 Candour ... 8 2 Spider., .. 7 0i Tridontato' ,,-.712 .Oooeo ; 7 0 Marvol tops tho lot with 10 st. 7 lbs. .'In ' both long-distunco handicaps, Donizetti, as usual, seoms harshly treated, . and. on Queens land form, Realm is woll in . at a concession of 7 lbs. from tho Marvollous colt. . Mr. Richardson's estimate of tho relative merits of such of the above as havooome undor his hand is as follows !— TittebsixJi's Cup. Babol .. ',. 9 3 I Talkative ..8 6 Candour ... 8 8 I Tridontato . . 8 O Musioian ' . . 8' 6 | Oriohton , . 7 10 And I think Mr. Scarr's handicap tho bettor one. Ignqring the Derby running, whioh certainly did not settle tho question of proco- denoo as hotweon Tridontato and Crlohton, ho haS.takon the general form of tho pair, instead of ono inconolusivo race, as the basis ol his estimate of the two. Apart from tho Queens land Derby, Oriohton is a long way tho bettor performer.' For obvious reasons tho Derby did not oven rostOro tho balance botwoon themi far loss lower tho serilo in favour of Tridentnto, and instead of making . Tridcntato giro Criohton 4 lbs., Mr. Soarr asks Criohton to Concodo Tridontato 6 lbs. Between Candour and Crioh ton, nt n railo and a-half, Mr. Soarr rcokons there is a difforenoo of but 3 lba., while Mr. Richardson divides thom by as rnuoh as 12 lbs. Mr. Searr estimates Talkativo as 1 lb. bettor than Criohton, and 4 lbs. hotter tlmn Musioian. Hero Talkative has to give Oriohton 10 lbs., whilo the former is braokotcd at oven woights with Musioian. In all these points of difi orenoe Mr. Soarr displays tho mora ponotration and Insight, takes the broador view, and shows a truer perception of tho value of psrformanoes. Splondido, 1 understand, will be soratohod in a day or two, and Mr. Hunter has already ran tho pen through Tridentato's name. Candour was struok out of his Tatteroall's engagoments on Tuesday morning. Tho following woights have boon deolared for the Rookhampton Jookey Club spring meeting, to be hold on Thursday and Friday next: — Centhal QozExsitiNs HandiOap ; 1 J mile. st. lbs. st lbs Zingaro < . 9 4 Contest . , 7 19 Buckingham ,. 0 0 Physioian .. 7 7 Rouo .: "-. ... 8. 7 Thirlmoro 7 -6 YoungSardonyx 712- Quioksilver ,, 7 6 Sir Thomas, b.g. 7 10. Fairy ,, 7 2 Inkorman, all.g. , 7 10 Emergenoy. , , 7 0 Poar- AratA-HAHmriAp; ljmile. Zingaro . .. 9.6 .Contest .,, 7 11 Buckingham :, 9 1 Physioian ,, "7 8 Olive' ., : ,. '8 8 Priority ,, .7 6 Roue v. - ' ;; 8' 8' Thirlmoro ' 7 0 YoungSardonyx 7 13 Quioksilver 7 ;6 Sir Thomas ,. 7 11- Emorgenoy ,, 7 6 Inkorman .. 7.11 Sahino., ..7 1 With a minimum weight of 7 bfc. and 7 st. 1 lb., Zingaro is nioely in tho milo and a half at 9 St. 4 lbs., but ho has inoiirrod a penalty for win ning at Eaglo Farm, and though tho extra might not he prohibitive, the eolt may not go north to moo on the adamantine oourso at this timo of tho year. Failing him, the best may he Buckingham, Rouo, ana - Young Sardonyx in tho milo and a-half, and Olive, Young Sar donyx, and Contest in themilo and n-quartor. ; Eidsvold Jookoy Club summer racas will be hold on January 2, 1893, whon about 60 sovs. will be run for, tho olg niuuu y bslug tho Now Year's Handioap, of. 16 sovs., lj mile. Nomi nations for.thi8 event .and tho 10 sovs. Flying Handioap on Dodoraber 13. . Thoro will he a day's raoing at Westwood, tho onoiont torminus of the Cantral Railway On December .26. -The added money oomos to about £70, and entries for all rrioes orb due on. the 26th instant.. Sandgato, raoos adjourned ' .from the 29th ultimo, will he brought off on Saturday (to morrow). The followiug' are -the acceptances for tile handicaps and entries for tho Selling. Plato. The first rooe to start at' 2.20 p.m.' la the ' TniAi. Hanwoap, 16 sovs. ; 6 furlongs. ' vat lb | . . at- lb Clinker „ 8 12 Blue Ribbon ,, 6 10 Oiythe.. ., 8' 4 Sj Henry ., 6 - '6 Scotsman , . 8' 0 Hiblaous . 6 -0 Visitor , - 7 .4 : Lisgar.. 6 6 Alblna 7 2 Eros ... .. 6 4 Rosohill .. . 7 1 Prospector :0. .4 Bloodstono ,, 7 0 Jassle ... 6.4 Dnke of Athol 7 0 First Lady ; . 6 4 El Dorado 7 0 Florimel . 6 4 Snonis Handicap, 16 sovs. ; J mile. : V;.. Arabl Boy . ,, 8 12 Yainhope . «, 7- 3 Lanrette .. 8 6 Yaambw : ,, 6 8 Wolumbin 8 2 T.W. ..- 6 8 Niobe ,. .. 7 10 R.L. ,, 6 8 Sbmono Piate, 15. sovs., w.f .a. : winner to bb sold for 40 sprs., sblllug allowances ; three- quarter milo. Old Lady . ... Nioho- Wolumbin Bloodstone Visitor -T.W. . - y First Lady ; Gunner ! - : v;- .-.Dy Pjfvhos Yoambla Pretender.. Prospootor . . RoaohiU - ; : Bbakblb Bay Handioap, 26 sovs. ; 7. furlong; Dan O'Connell / 9 12 Golddhst II. . , : 6 7 Saturn.. . , /A 7 Pirate King 6 7 Clinker . .WJ 4 Stafford' '6 7 Rose of Drayton 3' Satellite, oh.g. , 6,7 Blaok Eagle . . 7 12 ; T wbltun Handioap, 20 aoya,; 9 furlongs. Roso of Drayton 10 7 Gold Dust H. 8 10 Blaok Eagle., 10 3 Pirate King ,, 8 10 Redhoart ..10 2 Satellite, oh.g. 8 8 Sootsman 9 11 Stafford ..8 8 Laurotto. .. 0 9 Duko of Athol ' 8 7 Zlllah .. 0 6. Boab . . .. 8.4 Aurora ,, 9 4 Young Norman 8 4 Olinkor ran bo roBpootnbly at tho Into Q.T.O. mooting that ho flhould about win tho Trial Handioap. I do not know wbothor Clytho is well onougli to bo dangorons ; Sootsman might run well, but, undor tho circumstances, -J roly upon Clinker. The Shorts Handicap may go to Arabi Boy or Laurotto. Tho Selling Pluto to Visitor or Wolumbin. If Clinker has"' in curred a penalty in tho Brnmhlo Bay Handioap, ho might bo beaton by Saturn or Blaok Eaglo, for Dan O'Connell is sn far from being liis real Bolf, that I approhond littlo danger from him. Robo of Drayton might run woll, but, whon all is ovor, I oxpeot to soo Olinkcr'o number hoisted on top on tho hoard. In tho Woltor, I liko tho top weighto and Stafford, and tho netual winner may bo Blaok Eagle or Redhoart. Owners must not forget to attend to' tho Ipswich Turf Clnb handicaps, which oloso on Monday woolc, tho 28th hmtant. Tho Too- woomba Christmas handionps oloso on Tuesday wook, Novomhor 20. On Tnosday noxt, 22nd instant, up to 4 o'olookp.m., Mr. Byrno will take entries for tho minor races, to ho' dooidod at Tattorsall's Club Spring Mooting on Ducombcr 10 and 12. Tlio following nro tho ovorits to bo attondbd to : Bulimba Hurdles, 60 sovs., 2 miles; Jordan Handioap, 66 sovs., for two-yoar-olds, three- quarters. mile ; Fairfield Handicap, CO sovs., 7 furlongs (for horses that havo not Won a race on the flat worth 50 sovs.) 1 Albion (Soiling) Stakes, 60 bovb., thrco-quortoc mile ; .City Handioap, 60 sovs., 9 furlongs. SocondDny: Nundah Hurdles, 60 nova., It milo ; Valloy (Selling) Stakes, 50 sovs., 6 furlongs ; Nursery Handioap, 60 yards, (for two-yoar-olds), 6 furlongs ; Normanby Stakes, 60 govs., w.l.a., 0 furlongs, and Sherwood Handioap, 60 sovs., 7 furlongs. On tho samo day acceptances ore duo for tho Cup nnd Plato, Tottornall'o Oup and Australian Plato weights woro deolared on Monday, and completely vindioato tho striotnres panned upon Mr. Richardson's work' in tho Q.T.O. handicaps. In nearly ovorv iustanco tho horses pointed out by tho critics art thrown into tho Q.T.C. races, havo substantial additions to their burdens, Wliilo those said to bo ovor weighted havo come down with something very like a run. It was urged that Babel was thrown into tho Oup at 8 st. C lbs., or 3 lbs. Undor his weight for age, to whioh tho haridi- cappor's upologists ropliod by tlio admission that tho Weight wns light onough, but tho liorso oould not stay. In tho milo and a-half raco at Tattdrsill's mooting, a dlstnnco quite long onough in a truly run raco to test any horse's staying powers, Mr. Richardson magnani mously declines to adopt tho non-staying theory,' which to tho superficial observer scorned to derivo somo support from tlio horso's hollow defeat in the Oup last week, nnd instead of hqndioapping him at 3 lbs. under his woight for ago, sots him tho task of carrying 8 lbB. ovor ft, i.e., ho ruiiB in Tattorsall's Cup with 11 lbs. inoro on hiB baolc than in tho Queens land Oup. Nor is this all ; for, whilo his burden has boon inorcased, substantial reduc tions have beon mado'in tho woights allotted to horses who. in tho Cup raco suiforod dofoftt as signal as hiB own. Dan O'Oonnoll, for in stance, gavo Babel? 7 lbs. in tho Queens land Cup: hero Babel gives Dan 7 lbs., a differonoo in Don's favour of 14 lbs. Talkative gavo Babol 6 lbs. lost weak ; horo Babol givos Flynn's oolt 11 lbs., a difforenoo of 1 st. 2 lbs. Noondoo gavo Babel 2 lbs., now Babel ooucedes him 14 lbs., a difference of 16 lbs. Criohton was handicapped iu tho Queensland Cup to recoivo 3 lbs. from Babol ; in Tattorsall's Oup tho lattor gives tho thrco- year-old a stono and a-hnlf ! If tho present allotments thon aro justifiable, torribfo mis- takos must havo been made in tho Q.T.C. Handioap. Comparisons, however, are Odious, and without mora roferenco than Is absolutely nooossaiy to previous work of tlio samo author, lot us toko a flying Burvoy of tlio handicaps lis thoy stand, mid, starting with tho Cap first. Babel is olearly In liis proper placo, at top, with 9 st. 3 lbs. ; Dan O'Connoll is fairly treated at 8 st. 10 lbs. ; Candour has boon soratohed ; Musioian is badly uBcd ot 8 st. C lbs., not as regards tho top woight, who gives him 11 lbs., but compared with Dan O'Connell, Talkative, Noondoo, Criohton, Coronclla, and others, who ran just us well, or just as ill, as ho did nt tho Into mooting, nil of whom havo weight taken off their books, and moot M'GUI'h unlucky littlo horoo on far bettor terms Tridontato s weight hits boon raised 7 lbs. for runuing' third in the Cup, and nowhere in tho Sandgato Handioap, whilo tho weights on many of tho others havo boon lowered so muoh that tho colt is very badly in by tho card. Criohton is treated very faniently, at 7 st. 16 lbs., and, if well, must make a very strong bid for victory. HisDerhydofeat, inmyopinioli, counts for littlo; whether, ho could havo won or not I do not know ; hut ho was given no oliunco of winning. On form, indeod, taking tho performances of tho two oolts throughout, I still think Criohton has the higher credentials, considering tho oompany ho kept, and tho class of horses I10 beat and was boaton by ; and in this opinion I am booked up by Mr. Soarr, who is in posses sion of all tho foots, and who makes Criohton givo Tridontato 2 lbs., in tho 2-mile Tattorsall's Club Cup and 6 lbs. in tho A. J.C. Summor Oup. Tolkativo's ohanee does not-seem a rosy one, but La Grango, who socms to liko a distance, is woll in at 8 st. 6 lbs. on his Sand gato Handioap running. . Noondoo ran vory . badly, and, so far as tho eye could soo, was a genuine tryor last weqk, while no fault could .he found \ritli his condition, and small mercy. ;has been shown Mm'/'' Blus I know nothing -ahout as a thftb- yodr-old ; Ker actual weight' maynot trouble hor, but if Criohton is fairly handicapped at 7 st. ' 16 lbs., tho filly iB loft without a show at 2 lbs. less ; while, if sho has the ghost of a chance, Oriohton must ho fairly ohuokod into tho handioap.' If Coronolla is good enough, and fit and well as I think sho is, her olianoo at 7 St. 0 lbs. is better than an out side one. Beeho-de-mor's recent running inspires littlo' oonfidonco. Young Sar donyx occasionally allows tho possession of more than ordinary raoing ability, and has a nice weight to carry. Marble might perhaps havo been let in a fow pounds lighter titan Mcmoh, but ho is not ill-used, taking his career right through. Clinker is likely enough to im prove more than Momah before the - 10th proximo, and may possibly roverso tho running in tho .President's jiandloap ai Eagle Farm, but for' all that as regards Harry Walsh's filly, ho is a little hardly used, for Bhe gave him n good 7 lbs. boating on that occasion, "Not wanted on the voyage" — Bavo as pace maker in' the Derby for Criohton— Tho Wondering Jaw ran a really -good, oolt in tho olossio raco, 'and. stands, a good show of heating all the tiiroe-year-olds at least,'' bar Criohton. Nothing below him, unless it be Saturn or Lady, has any ehow on ' paper. For tho present, it is enough to lay 'the following half < dozen seem', to bo -host in- on' 'thair 'beet, form! Babol -Dan O'Connell, La Grange, Griobton, Memah, nnd Tho Wandoring Jew, It will bo timo enough to disouss tho Australian Flato chanoes next week. Tho woights are framed on the samo lines. The bay filly Bung Bung, winner of tho Two-year-old Handicap at tho Victorian Olub iueotiagat Fluiiiiiigton, ou Saturday, oWncd by Mr. J. T. Csrslako, and bred at Hobartvlllo, Now 8uuth Wales, is by Marvellous — Catherine Wheol, by Fireworks, nnd therofpro full sister to tho ox-North Qucenslandor Corsican. Sho beat a good field, inoluding Somniloquist and Meg, the lattor, however, oonooding lumps of weight. The 41 furlongs was run in good timo, even under 6 st. 7 jibs. — namely, 6G| soos. Tho big raco, tho Club Handicap, was won by Ringmaster and Lonsdale's brother, Duorow, by First King — Tordley (imp.), - 7 st. I lb., who covered the lj- mile and a distance In 2 mine. 271- sees. T(ioro . woro some good-uns . behind him — Dramatist, 1 7 st. 6 lbs. ; Gnqroo, 8 st. 0 lbs. ; and, aniong tho unplaood, Tur- ooola, Quality, Lord Hopetoun, Sso. Kremlin fell in the Steeplechase. Caledonian, who stood up and got tho course, was unplaced behind Campordown, 9 st. 9 lbs. ; Elton, 1 1 et. 7 lbs. ; and Knight, 19 st. 11 lba. . At OhriBtohuroh, Now Zealand, Mr. Stoad's hr.o. Stepniak by Nordenfolt — Stoppo (dam of Russley and Tartar) (imp.), by Snuntoror — Seclusion, won tho Canterbury J.C. Derby in 2 mins. 40 j seos., and tlio Canterbury Cup, 600 sovs., 2 miles, under 7 fit. 0 lbs., in 4 mins. 4f sees. Tho Oaks wns won by Mr. J. Brahazon'o b.f. Dora, who, Mr. F. Barley, of Nunnngo, will ho proud to hear, is by his imp n-tod sire, Cailogim, out of Doris, by Lcolinns, (imp.) — Wator Sprito, by Traducer (imp.) — Watorwitoh, by Ciunuon (son of Calendar) — Mormald (imp.), by King Tom. St. Hippo, who won tho 1, 000 sore. Now Zoaland Cup, on thofirstdavof thomeoting, two miles, in 3 mins. 31$ sees"., ran second to Stepniak in tho Derby. The Now Zoaland throo- year-old form must be tiptop. Thoro will bo no races at Breakfast Crook till Thursday next, November 24, tlio com- mittoo having courteously given way to Sand gato, whoso postponed mooting will ho hold on what should navo beon tho Crook day, Satur day noxt, November 19. An oxoliango cots tho following "puzzle," wliioh " lioked six smart bookies, who woro given 10 minutes to answer It in": "If n bookmaker laid ovon monoy against one of tlirco homos ongagod in a raco, 2 to I against another, and 3 to 1 against a third, how muoh would ho havo to lay against each to' havo a profit of £1, whiohovor horoo won ?" A number of thoroughbred horses waa sub- mittod for salo at Snoll and Walkor'a. yards on Monday, also a lot of ponies, including tho good- loolring impostor Tfiyra, and Bowman, a brother to tho oraok galloways Koli and Kil- daro. Tho blood stock Included Coronolla, Matolilook, tho . good- looking two-year-old Goorgo Henry, by Darriwoll— Garcia, Sandy M'GrdgOr; Florlmol and Molnngo, Brown and Rose, a useful threo-yoar-old filly by Stookdale (son of Stockdove)," out of Ivy by Csptivator, Zanoo, the handsome gray BteepleohSsor, and others, but ooiy Hutehlock was cold, and he went at little over dognieat price, .£10 10s., to Mr. J. Carter, whose livory ho will don for a yonr or so. Thyra changed hands privately, and goes into tho samo slablo as Ciroiioostei'. A first-class entry' was received by tho lioli. Eoorotaiy for tho Q. A T.C. mooting, to bo held oil Saturday wook, at Eaglo Farm — 23 for tho Trial Handicap, 16 for tho Soiling I'loto, 17 for tlio big money,. 1(1 for tlio .Corinthian, and 28 for the November Handicap, Thoro is quality, too, an well ns quantity, class being woll represented by 'Stnendldo, Tridcntatoj Talka tive, King Olaf, Clinkor, . Tlio Wandering Jew, and tlio tivo-yoar-olds Diii-oll, Codeo, M.L.A. , Leatliorpa, Common, nnd Tront. Woights aro duo - on Monday, 2 1st, and acceptances on tho following Wodncsday. Tho total nominations coino to 99, or within a fraction of 20 for each of tlio five races. Albino, by St. Albans — Link, a well bred but disappointing animal, Is said to lmvo betui' sold to Mr. Walkor, of Coolootai, near Tentor- fiold, who will put hor to tho Muskot horse Ifrupp. Her placo in tho ranks of Queens land horses will be more than- filled by a eotiplo of colts, purchased from tho raid Mr. Walker by Messrs. W. Muggridgo and A. 0. Oorr respectively, for this colony. Mr. Muggridgo's purolinao IzbyKrnpp from Foible, , nnd Mr. Cnrr's by Krupp — Mudrirah Tho' mares do not uppeur in tho "Australian Btud" under .theso namos. A protest entered by the ownor of Trieste immediately after the Oaks against Etraweoiiie- was dismissed by tho stewards. Payton apnealod.to the V.R.O. committee, who con sidered tho case on Monday last. Tho appoal wiis dismissed and Etraweoiiie get's the stakes.' 