WINDSOR MURDERER. Williams' journey to Melbourne. He feigns illness. Shaves his moustache off with a piece of glass. ' The Alleged Confession. (AGE.) Lohdos, Sunday. Intenso oxcitoment exists in Eogland ovor tho Ra:nhill murders, which U greatly in* creased by tho news that Williams has con fessed to committing two of the Whitechupel murders. Tho poltcomen dotailod at Raiuhill for tho special duty of guarding Dinham Villa at Dight heard mysterious noiaoa iu tho house Belioving that ghosts woro walkiug, the polico constablos lied in dismay. Thoro ivro conflicting opinions as to tho theory that Williams is identical with ' Jack the Ripper.' Tho othci'iU ofScottaud Yard do not boliovo that thoro is nny foundation for the theory, but thoy admit that it is not impossiblo. It is pointed out that in 1888, whon the prisonor'd movements woro unknown, six ' Ripper ' murdors woro committed, and on tho other hand it is urged that to soppo?o that the same porson had boen guilty of thocrimos at Kainhill and Win isor, is reasonable. Tho head of tho Criminal Investigation De- partmont contomplatos trying to secure a so- , euro n remand of the prisonor to England, but i the roport that an English detective had sailed for Australia with that object in viow is deniod. Tho courso purauod Iuj boon to forward documents to Molbourno snfliciont to secure the prisoner's extradition in tho event of tho failure of tho Windsor charges. Piiimr, Sunday. A photographer at Ptrth asked to bo al lowed to photograph Williams, who, after hesitation, agrood, but askod to bo allowod to shavo. A barber was sent for, and Williamn asked him to ahavo off his moustacho. As this would havo caused troablo in idi^ritifyiag him in Melbourne, it was fo:Liddou, and Williamo romainod unsaved. JLt 'Y'drk an immenfo crowd gathered at the railway station. There wero loud cries of ' Lynch him,' nnd attompts woro mule to got at Williams throogh tho window*, ono of which was oventually smashod, exposing Wil liams to viow. Tho mardoror nppoarod quito unnerved. Ho wuc lying back, p ile, and bit ing his moustache viciously. At other sta tions similar demonstrations were mide, which had tho ofTect of making Williams very ner vous. Aftor leaving Boverley ho was givon brandy. Ho then fainted away. On his recovery ho kicked nnd writhed violently, and it was ! with great difficulty that four men held him ; down. Tho handcuffs bruisod his wrists ! badly, ciusing thom to s«oll and bleod. . Subsequently he had similar fits. Ho main tains that ho is innocent of tho oiFonco, and said that during tho night ho thought ho would ' pog out.' Williams was engagod on Saturday after* noon in ptaying draughts and putting cannon shot with two policemen. Being defeated at both, bo said, (- Oh, my brain throbs too much. I havo too much mental straiu.' He asked the police about tbo Rounsfells at Broken Hill, and 6aid that he iatondod to marry Miss Rounafell as eoou as he got out of ' this affair.' Dotectivo Oawsey and InBpoctor Walduck visited tho prisoner at 10 o'clock last night, and found him all right; but whon thoy wout to tnko him on board tho Ballarat this morn ing thoy 7oro surprised to find his moustacho I cut off. Questioned as to how ho managed 1 I this, tho prisoner eaid, OI*, nover miod I ! wautod a shave badly.' It appears that whon ! prisoner was reading in the prisoner's yard i yestorday ho picked up a small pioce of bottlo i glass and used it as a bookmark. Owing to ! his swollon wrist caused by struggling while j in fits in tho railway carriago, ho has boon j allowod to havo tho handcuffs takon off, It I was oasy onougli to cut his mou?tacoo off with tho glass. Ho has nlterod his appearance wonderfully, and looks 20 years youngor. Tho expression of his foatures appears altered. Mr Hicschfeldt- states that if Swanston bad shaved previous to his coming ovor ho could not havo rocognised him, This unfortunate opisods will doubtless give considerable trouble in gotting the prisonor identified by tho tradesman in Melbourno, Tho prisoner could not help showing his satisfaction at tho success of his stratagem by occasionally in dulging in a broad grin aB ho was being con* voyed on board tho steamer. Yesterday the prisonor was oxnmined by Dr Robinson, who failed to find anything wrong with them, Questioned by tho doctor if he could givo any reason for the fits, he Sbid he believod they wero brought on by over work at Soathorn Cross. He aftorwards said, ' Oh, yes, I know tho Kaffirs smashed my hoad in Zaluland, and 1 have nover been the samo man since.' Tbo doctor then examined the prisoner's head, but failed to find any trace of an injary. This morning, whon it was found that he had cut off his moustache, a search was mado for the hair, but none could bo found. It is surminod that he swal lowed tho hair. In regard to the prisoner's connection with tbo ' jack the Ripper' mor* dors, Detective Oawsey is Tory reticent, but hints that something very sensational will shortly bo mado publicr The prisoner will bo kept haudcuffed to oue of tho constablos during tho rest of the voyage; In reply to inquiries as to the alleged con* fo9sion of tho prisoner, Mr Haynes, the pri soner's counsol, to- day telegraphed that t he statement was 'absolutely uutrue.' The prisoner, Mr Haynes said, 'has mado no statemonte or admission. I havo nover made ooj communication to aoyone. It is grossly unfair, and the prisonor will dony unreser vedly.' 