"BOWSdAr.r, wr HF^idetms QUHSMONr „Voir, which is the worse—io hai\> no rppelite for your iii'liter or to have no dtnmr for yvvr cppctii-7 X» r IT' "t pi'npHi Oil O-ie fill.- Or Hit iltfuT «[ tile qnecii»!i. When " gimj direction waits on njtpelite11 mi h on both," ilial is 1 lie s^enI amtuile of a [icis.iji lowardt li'.i meaif. But mou of us are 1101 blesit«"i in that «av J we either liare toi much food without &n; appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough '-<> satiefy it, pifferent folk will aue«F«r this question diff-rently, jet Hicommon tenet t<l it le tlist, wiiliiu rca«on»tile limi'S, ft it belter to have ai appttits without a (Jinni'r, bccHUgp, slum <)( the starvation line, a hungry arm is a heatlhv mmi ; whereas a man who ought to fat and doerii't te.-i like eating, staniia in need of ttllerations and r-pair^," To illu«tr»tf. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, " 1 waa afr&id; to eai." Did tie fancy his food waa poisoned, or did h<s nature rehtl quillet the nourulioicnt lived on? If the latter 1.1 biro clear (he rayileT liim. eeif. He Hye, the ypar 1889 I changed my work from railway purie; to signalman." I bad been signalman twelve nnjpthe, an<J tlitn all at once, ao to »peik, I did net Jrel myself. My mouth taeud bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed <o lose their flavour ; (he palate, to pat it in that way, appeared to n«ve noihing to say to them. One thing waa like another, and nonn was good. My tongue wis coined and furred, wiili a dark line down the middle; and yellow fur round it, Mr breaih was offei)cive and my appetite poor, with pains through Jtie chest and shoulders, which were always right l^/ore I had eats a anything. Then I was greatly t/oubled with wind.' It would gather *o it felt likf a bull in my tbropt, and act a; if it tvoold chokf me," We (unapt wonder that under theiecircutnstmee? our frieod failed to do justice to hit meslf. Be adds that there was what he calls " a pricking sen. Balion " at Ji:s heart, as though it were touched witbisoms sharp instrument. Then, again, at times liu vai attacked with apaims, the agony of which so revere that the sweat rolled ofl him, " I dreaded," he gars, " the thought of rating, snj many a scanty meal have I mad*, for I was afraid to After B time I got into alow, weak, nervous condition, and fslt miserable, as if something was going to liappea, and this caused me to iosi a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " tomething going to happen " is, of course, the fear of tome calamity, such as the loss of his position, his ««H death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, na he intimates, to the impoverished state of the blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nf-rres, and to the brain enfeebled by jack of ooariebraeor. The sight of this form of illness i»-always foil of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and un. governed imagination, *• With great difficulty," he says, "I stock to my *ork, for I had a wire and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered tor over two years is past my po«er« o! description. I am ture no one has tvjjered so much at I have done," In the Itter statement ue is undouutedly wrong. Ont'a own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one'd notion of bis neighbour's pain. There is a countle«s multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come ID touch with them. Well the writer finally mentions that after ail medical treatment had left him where it found him lie chanced to read in a buok of a case exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Seigri's Syrup, " My wife," lie says, " got me a bottle at Mr. Langstall's in Woodletforu, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate dny. I should 'ike the wholeworld to know what it did fur me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years, We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desirf, in order that part of the world at least may know bow thankful he is and for what reason. (Signed) " GKORGB HUKT. " Cur Bottom Uo»d. " Apper'ey Bridge near Leeds." 