I'THE SPIRITS OF THE ]■ ' MOUNTAIN, p ("From toe Spanish op Gustave Abotro , vv j, • .hasten tho dogs, blow the horns 'to 'call the hiintfi'nien together,'airid l^tVw take & turn around, the city.' . 'Night is appWit&'ittg ; it is'All Souls' £>ay, and we 'aWs oh the Spirits' Mountain.' - . So/soon I' r(v , •, • m;.:;; -\\\'■ \ "*Tf ft were any other day but this, I would not give up hunting; that' pack of wolves,' which the snows of Moncayo have driven from their dens, but it is impossible to-day. They will soon call',, to prayers «t the monas tery of the Knights Templar, and bells will qommcnce to toll for tho dead in the chapel on the mountain.' ' ' In,that ruined chapel? Bah^ J'ott Wish to frighten mo!' i 'No, my lovely 'cotis'in ; but you, are.not await! of "all.t'hat iais ob^urrcjd in.this country, fl>r it is 'efely a year since you came back. ,Sll;tcke'n your horse's pace, and i'lyill tell you. a'st-ory." ! The pages ivere gathered in merry.groups s the Counts of Borges and Alardiel vrn"o mounted on magnificent steeds-, iVnd they rode Ifehind their Son arid rfiWgiitcr, Alonso, and Beatrix, who IkeptroVi tit'some distance1 ahead of the cas-a^Ado. Alonso went on as follows'"^' .■ ' * IMife 'thouritnin, .which is now,called the' Spirits*'Mountain",' formerly belonged to the | Knights Templar, who were warlike monks. I After Sofia ;had been, eono.iieved frout the > Moors, the king sent for the Tettiplaryto come from ,;i distant land to defend the city on the side next to the 'bridge, tl)U9 wound-! ing the feelings of the nobility of ! Castile,' who, as they had conquered the city, were caiiablo fit defending it without any outside' help. Therefore the knights of that new and powerful religious order and the noble- i men of the'city were on bad terms for several I years,' and finally this feeling deepened to a I profound hatred. ' ' The Templars had this part of tho mfluli tain set aside us a preservo for game to satisfy . their wants and contribute to tlveit pleasure ; while the nobles determined to organise a grand hunt in their ihclosure, in spite of the severe prohibitions of the 'monks with spurs as they styled their enemies. The news spread fast ; but tho noblemen determined to carry ■ out their purpose, though they knew that the Knights Templar inten ded, if possible,^ to put a stop to their sport. The cxped^ott \m° Carried otit^ Mid they think of the gatHQ-, FoV- fought flrtth'OBB'Mwjlher^ aiivi m-Any* a poor mother Imd to hiourh tlio loss of her son. Instead of a hunt, there was a frightful battle ; the moVmtain was strewn with corpses, and the wolves they had desired to exterminaio en joyed a bloody feast. I " 1 Fiually tho king interfered, and com manded that the mountain, the cause, of so much misfortune, should be abandoned. So I the monks' chapel situaW'l oh the mountain, and wherein fciett&i; And enemies were buried together, gftvdually fell into ruins. B'pfc ever siivoej on All Souls' Eve, the chapel bell tolls for the dfead ; and -the ghosts-. eiiVeloped in. tlicir shrouds, roam' nroMnd through the woods and bushes^ Sis though engaged in a fantastic hunting expedition; ■ The deer fly before them, bleating with fear, the serpents hiss fearfully, and on the following day tile footprints of the flesliless ghosts are seen on the snow, "Therefore in Soria we call it the Spirits' Mountain, and for that reason I have thought best, to leave it before, night sets in.' I Alonso finished his story just as the two young people reached the end of the btidge which extends to the city on the other side. They waited for the test of the cavalcade to join thctn, and all entered together the wattn, dark streets of.Soria. . The servants had ju3t cleared file tables, and a bright fire was playing in the Gothic fireplace, shedding its glow on several groups of ladies.'andi gentlemen, who , were talking arotihd tlie hearth, While the wind beat against the windows. Only two persons did not take part in the general conversation, Beatrix and Alonso. . Beatriz was watching the flickering flames, absorbed in her own thoughts, while Alonso was gazing admiringly at her blue eyes. Both have been silent for some time. The old women are telling blood curdling stories about s ghosts and spirits, while the church bells of Soria were tolling for the dead with a sad and doleful sound. 'My lovely cousin,', finally exclaimed Alonso; breaking the flbep silence, ' w«j are' soon to separate, perhnps for ever. You do not like the arid plains of Castile, its severe and warlike customs, its simple, patriarchal habits, I know full well.' X'have'hcardydu sigh several times, and porhaps it is for somo lover you havo left in your far off home.' Beatriz made a gesture of indifference, and. her disposition was revealed in the scornful curl of her Sip. ' Perhaps you are sighing for the pomps of the French court, where you have lived up to the present time,' thoyoung master hastened to say. 1 Anyway, I forsee that I shall soon lose you ; and when wo separate, I would "like to have you carry a way a remembrance of mo. Do you remember when we went to church to give thanks to God for having restored your health, which you came to seek here 1 The jewel that fastened the plume in my cap attracted your attention. How well it would look in" your d^rk hair, confining your veil. It has already been used for that purpose by a bride ; for my father gave it to my mother and she wore it to the altar. Would you like to have it ?' ' I do not know how it is in your country ; but in mine, if: one receives a present ib is binding. Only on a holiday can one receive a present from a relative—who Jean even go to Ro^ie without coming back with empty hands.' The scornful tone in which Beatrix pro nounced these words disturbed the young man a little, but finally recovering himself, he said in a sad tone: ' I am aware of it, cousin ; but to-day is All Saints' Day, and your name day as well as that of others ; so it is a fitting time to receive gifts, I assure.you. Will you accept this from me V Beatrix slightly bit her lip, and extended her hand to take the jewel, without saying a word. The two young people again remained silent, though the old women's voices could be heard as they went on talking about witches and ghosts, whilo the howling of the wind as it shook the casements, and the toll ing of the bells still continued. After a few minutes Alonso. proceeded : ' Before the end of All Saints' Day, which is my nameday as well as yours, you may givo me a present without compromising yourself. Will you not do so ? urged Alonso, fixing his eyes on his cousin's, which gleamed brightly is a diabolical thought flashed through her mind. ' Why not ?' she exclaimed, carding hor hand to her right shoulder, as though seeking for something amid the folds of her wide velvet bieevo with cold. Then,, willi a childish air of disappointment, she added : ' Do you recollect (ho bluo ribbon I woro to-day on the hunting expedition, and which you said was the emblem ' of your soul on account of its color ?' ! ' Yes. I do.' . : , , ' Weil, I have lost it. I have lost it, and I wanted to givo it to you as a souvenir.' ' Where was it lost?' inquired Alonso, raising himself in his seat, with an inde scrible expression of mingled fear and hope. ' I do not knoW)perhaps on tne mouricaiu.: ' On the Sjjirits' Mountain Y ho mur mured, turning pale, and throwing himself back in his chair, ' on tho Spirits' Blountaiu!' Then ho went on in .1 harsh trembling tone: j'You knov, for you have hoard everybody say ; so .times without number, that' I! am called tho king of huntsmen throughout Castile; As I have not yet been able to;try my strength in battle, as my an cestors,have .done, I have exerted, i.i. that pastime of wiirliko sport, all the hereditary ardor of my race and fill the strength of which I am possessed. The rant under your fouhis: the skin of a wild animal I slew with my:own hands. I know its haunt and-its . habits;,I have fought against tliem day and niglit, on foot and on horseback, alone and .together with other huntsmen, and nobody can say I ever ' shrank from danger at any time. Ou any other, night , I would fly to bring you that ribbon, and would do so joy fully- but to-night, yeSjto-night^why should I hide it from you ?—I am afraid. Do you not hear the bells.o tolling.? The hour, for, evening prayer has struck ;at- San Juan del Duetoj the ghosts begin to emerge from their graves, curdling, the. ■ blood'•.Qf^hyonle; who beholds them, 'tuvnirig his ' hair" grey, or' dragging bin) oft in, the whirl.of - their fan-, fast.ic dance, as a leaf is. swept along by the breeze. "An almost' inperceptible smile curled Beatriz's lips while the youiig man was talk ifig, and she exclaim viuatt hnT.vd ftfEqr he ceased, meanwhile stirring the fiid ao tlmt tho bright sparks fl,ew out t ' Oh, no, indeed ! IJow. iiillyi l)on't fchink of : ^tiing to th'o-WouViwy ti now after such a trifle. On iftoh a 'cltvrk night, too, when the jl.uats K're abroad and the' roa<.\ is full of wolves !' As she spok<? inCSe Inst words, she empha sised chfim so that Alonso could not fail to Understand her , bittor irony. As though •tneclianically, ho lose, passed 'his hand over his forehead as though to dispel tho fear he felt mentally, but not nv his.heart, and in firm tone he said, addressing the beautiful i?irl,-who was still amusing herself by stirring the (ire on tho hearth •: ' Farmvell) Beatrix, farewell ! tf I return it wiU be Borffc' '■'AlnriSt'v, Aioiis'O,! slip SAid'i iiirnlllg around rapidly; bi\t vVheh el'ie desired to detain him, ot a^^at'ell fco do so, the young man had al I'eady disappeared. Soon, after the sound of his ho^ae'sihoofs was heard as he galloped off" Thu proud beauty, with a radiant look of gratified vanity lighting up her face, listened; ntteiitiviol'' to the sound until it died away, thougl; , tho church bells-kept on their UtjrObViotis tolling. ' An® hour,' t#o\ Uftd tfei'ee, elapsed and raid j night Struck .as Beatrix retired to her oratory ' W16 Aloiiso'had not returned yet, though ho had had plenty of time^to go and come back. 'Perhaps lie was afraid,' thfj' young >;irl exclaimed* ;closing j her I prayer-book after -vainly endeavouring to murmur huuio of the prayers' the Church dedicate? WV. All ■ Souls' ,Day, for the ,Hj)irit« tft'i&e; !that have passed 'away. ' y :: :-i Aft'or 'putting out the lamp, and drawing the silk curtains: around: h'tir bed, slioifell j asluep,'. Bub hel" sleep was restless and un easy. Tho po3tern clock struck twelve, and Bpatriz could hear its alow, sad strokes, and half opened her eyes. She thought tliat she 'hud heard someone call, her at the same Itoe. in.a' faint, suffering accent. Thu wind still moaned and shook the easement. 'It must be tho wind.' rIw B&id;', ptoWn# her hand to her heart aftd Wying to calm. herself. But he* . fae&rt; kept 011 beating wildly. Tl'O "idol's of the oratory creaked noisi.y Vitt their hinges. First one, and then all the doorg that opened into her apartment were opened and closed with a harsh, sad; sound, like a deep gram, sotting her nerves on edge.' ... ; . ' . Then ft ktliMioe eii8ttc<?i a sileiice full of strange Bounds, tilts sileticje bf Midnight. Tlmt<> wits a dull muriftilr of distant friitor, t-lio barkiiig olf.doM ill til'e diSii'diGe,' Confused ton'es; unintbllijjiults . Words and . echoes of jo'dtBtcHa tibUiihg mid going. Then. followed tile rustling of traiiiivg garments, Half-sup pressed sighs, and .the' labored breathing which ono feels, with unvoluntary shudders announces the presence of something that cannot be seen, through its approach is felt in the darkness. 1 Beatrix trembling thrust her head out from tho curtains, and listetied fob A hlbnienti She could hear thiuiy sti'ilhge &Olinds; but; passing her llahd over her brow; she listened again, but all was now still and q'lii^t. Her pupils were dilated atitl she seemed to see shapes nioviijg arolinU ill! oveb jLh'e r8om; b'Ut as she fixed lie'r. eyes ibore Hosely; she perceived | tnat the darkness was impenetrable and it was due to her imagination. '' " 'Bah,' she said resting her lovely:head' again on the pillo w, ' can I be as timid lis.those poor souk,, \vhoso'. heartiboat ■! with terror under their; armour on hearing some ghost StOry V ~ So, closing her eyes, she tried to go to sleep, but in vain did she endeavor fo calm herself. She igain started up, pale, uneasy, and more terrified than ever: This time it was no illusion; the brocadfi pat-tiers over the door had rustled as they ware pushed aside, and she could hear heavy footsteps on the carpet. The suund they made was dull and. almost imperceptible, but continuous, and as thoy lnoved along she could hear something creaking, like dry wood or bones. The footfalls drew nearer and nearer, and the prayer desk,near her bed moved. Beatriz uttered a sharp cry, and, burying herself under the clothes, hid her headland held her breath. The wind beat against the casement; while the monotonous flow of the fountain could be heard from afar and. tho barking of dogs, as well asv the church bells of Soria, some near, some farther off, while thejp sadly, tolled for the dead. Thus the night passed on, and to Reatriz it ceetned as though it would never come to an end. Finally" the first faint rays of dawn lighted up the sky, and she opened her eyes and recovered • her self-possession. After a sleepless night of terror, how beautiful seems the bright, clear morning light- ! She drew back the curtains of her ,bed, and was about to laugh at her terror of tho previous night, when suddenly a cold perspiration broke out on her forehead, ■ her eyes seemed starting from their sockets, and a deadly pallor overspread her cheeks ; for on her prayer . desk she beheld the blue ribbon stained with blood, the blue ribbon Alonso hud gone in quest of. i Vfhen the frightened attendants rushed in to inform her of the death of Alonso—the first-born of the Count of Alardiel—whose body, partly devoured by the wolves,- had been found on the Spirits' Mountain, they found Beatrix motionless and rigid, clinging with both hands to the ebony bed-posts, her eyes starting from their sockets, her mouth half opened, her lips white, and her body cold and stiff, for she was dead ! Beatriz had died of fright. i They say that some time after this1 event took placo a huntsman, who had lost his way, and been obliged to pass All Souls' Eve on the Spirits' Mountain, told on the day before he died of some of tho horrible sights he had seen there. Among other things he said that ho had seen the fleshled.s bodies of tho ancient Knights Templar and the Soria noblemen that were buried in the chapel, on the stroke of twelve, arise from their graves with a terrible clamor, and, mounted on their skeleton steeds, wildly pursue a beautiful woman, who—pale, with dishovelled locks, and her feet bare and bleeding—wasroaining around the unfortunate Alonso's tomb willi wild and fearful cries. ' 