CURRENT LITERATURE. "Tho Pontntonch oí Printing" Bounds at. first sieht a fanciful titlo, but n glenro nt this lwnutifully printed "edition (lo huco" .will servo to dispol tim iden." Tlio author, Mr. "William Bludos, explains hw choice of titloiu Um following miumor:-"Huiro is a solf-ovidont annlogy botwcçn tho Genesis ot Iho world nnd tho Gonosis of punting, iho spread o£ typography is not inaptly typifloilI by an Exodus, while tho laws promulgated m Lovitioil» hnvo ft plum puruUol in ¡dca with tlio laws and obsorvancos nooos snry to bo followed in making ft book. Rumba» oortaitily is not BO divoctly suggostivo of tho many great niimoa which lignro on tlio printer'« role of honour ; but Doutoronomy nt onco suggosts, hy its vivid siRiilIlcation, tho second Wrth and reinforcement of the vital conditions of printing introducod hythe stonin machino." Justilloution is also, upon similar . analogy, found for tho introduction of a chapter on Judges. Tho hook is prefaced hy a monmir hy tho author, who diod in lS'.ll) whilst still engiigoil upon tho work. Mr. T. B. Hood, in writing this notice, speaks with rovoiuut outhusiiiHin of Ins docoosod friand, wnoso wholo lifo lind hoon dovotod to tho study of tho history and antiquities of tho printing craft. It is needless to speak boro of tho book which, moro than any other, mudo Mr. Bindo'« reputation. His "Lifo of Coxton," published between 18(jl and 1863, marked a now opoch in bibliography, and gave to tho world a oloar ¡(lou, of tl.o typo used and thu mothods of printing adopted by tho ourlior craflsmon. Mr. Blado's investigations dooponod with his years ; ¡io wrote many vnhmblonrtielca and somo short bonks, and was finally inducod to write '* Tho Pentateuch ot Printing." T'ho idea of Um work is Runply to give book-lovers who aro not professionally conversant with printing a cloar account of tho origin of Um art by which books aro produced. Tho oft-told story of tho dovolopment of printing from tho earlier urt of wood-ougraviiig ia given in much dotuil, with numerous sido hints and illustrations siiggostcd by Mr. Bindo'« groat tocliuic.il knowledge. In Um second cluvptor, or "Exodus," tho sproad of tho printing industry from Mayonco and Strasburg to Paris, Homo, and all parts ot tlio Continent is related, whilst still greater spaoo is «lovotcd to tlio Coxton pross, first established about 1177 ¡n Westminster Abboy. In this commotion it is mterostiug to noto that tho iirst city in tim now world to roroivo a printing pross was Moxico, where Cromhorgor worked in 1510. The laws of priiitiiKr, tho methods of milking good and trim typo, of sotting and taking impres- sions, aro nil explained in tho. next cbuptor, and anothor portion of tim book is ocoupiod with a description of tho modern printing prots, illustrations boittg given of the laiost typo« of ma ehiiiory. Tho voliimo concludes with a list of authors who, by tliuir works, aro ontitlod to bo called judges. As may bo imagiuod from its tinturo, tho book in itself is a spociiuon of nrlistio printing and illustration. Tim publisher is Mr. Elliot Stock, of Patornostor Row. " The Valley Council" is probably tho most extra- ordinary tale of Australian adventure ever issued. The author, Mr. Peroy Clarko, has located his story in South Australia, though for all practical purposes he might have availed himself of Central Africa or Afghanistan, or any other wild and little known country. The narrative is supposed to consist of extracts from the diary of Thomas Bateman, of Canbelego station, N.S.W. It begins with a blood-curdling mystery, and carries the reader away into a mysterious rocky rogion some- whero in South Australia, where the "Valley Council" reigns supreme,'and threatens death and destruction to all .who enter within its borders. As an exciting romance of the "She" type the novol is worthy of attention, though, it is to be trusted that ¡nexperienced English readers will not accept it as a true picture of Australian life. The book is published in an attractive style by Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston, and Co. - Tim ovoiiusting freshness of Dofoo's groat work, | " Robinson Crusoe," has boon nguiu illusti'atod by tho fact that Messrs. Cassoll and Co. have issued a now uno art edition of tho advonturous story. Probably " Robinson CruBOo" has novor put on Buch grand clothing boforo. Tho book is lavishly illustrated by upwards of a hundred original drawings, oxpressly oxocutod by Walter Pngot ; tho lottorpress is olourly priutod ou Uno pujior. and in addition thero uro gilt odgos and a suponer kind of binding. McsBis. . T. IMshor Unwin havo issuod anothor volume of tho Cameo Sorios. The work1 is an an- thology of cats, all tho poomo on thq subjeot willoh could bo discovered by tho editor, Mr. Graham R. Tomson, having boon brouglit togothor. Tim soloa tlou includes many pooina of merit, versos old and now, stately and trilling, in Scotch and English. Thoro uro also somo Fronch and Gorman linos, glvou in tim original tonguo. Tim little volumu in illus- trated with nuinorous studies of "pussy" in various oharacloriBtio uttitudoB, aud ,to tlio lovers of cuts should provo most intorosting loading. "Macrocosm and microcosm uliko aro butauto cosm," is tho iuoxplicublo orcod lircacliod by tho Uylo-Idoallsts, of whom Miss Constanco Nation appears to havo boon Um guiding spirit. Tho peculiar faith of Miss Nudou and her lollowors is fully sot forth in a volumo entitled " Further Roll rpios of Con- stance Nadon," issuod by Mossrs. Bickors and Son, of London. Tho book contains anumbor of poBthumouB OBsays and tracts for our tinios_, writton by UIIB gifted ludy. Tho work is sympathetically edited by Mr. G. M. M'Crie, who, in the coursa of hi« iulroducUou, rofors rovorontly to tlio work of the " vaiiialicil hand." MÍBS Nation, onioyed Um advautaso of iho highest Bciontlflo and phuosnnhio training at Mason College, and drew' from Mr. Herbert Sponcor tho fol- lowing npproclatlvo commant:-."Vary generally rocoptivity and originality aro not aasooiatod ; bul in her mind thoy uppour to liavo boon equally groat." ' Mossrs. Percival and Co. havo issued anothor volumo of Umir English Olnsslos for Schools, containing a portion of Pope's Iliad of Homer. Tim constantly accumulating mass of popular scien- tific litcrntuio hus boon uddod to hy Mossrs. Kogan Paul and Co., who havo publishod tho first volumo o£ ' a now " modern Boionco " sorios. Tho works com- prised In tho sorios aro intondnd to convoy information to tlio intelligent layman rather Ullin to Uio sciontiut. Tho first volumo, by Sir Robort Dall, LL.D., tho Royal Aatronomor of Inland, doals in a comprohou siblu way with Uio goologlcal opoch known as . tho " leo Ago." Tim study of this period is, as Um author points out, connected with Um two groatost natural sclonccs, goology and astronomy. Tho ano seiauco Is callod upon to aid tlio othor, anil recognising; ibis fact Sir Robort Dall disoussoa both tho quostion wlilcli Uio geologists hnvo put and tho answers which Uio astronomers havo givou. , "Tlio Throo Hoots," by W. H,,Stnopoolo, is n, romance of tim stock oxchango order. Tlio plot turns upon tho suicido of a dofaulting sharobrokor, und Um buhso(_uont udvonttiros of his widow and daughter. Tho title of Um book is derived, in a scmiowhat com- plex way, from Um conduotof an Italian lodger, who has a habit of leaving throo boots outside his bedroom door. In tho omi tho myatorious I tul inn timm out to bo a count, possessed of fabulous wealth. He murrien Um horoino, and so everything concludes happily, Tho publishers aro Mossrs. Dean and Son. A numbor of ratbor oroopy suiiorphyslcnl storios havo boon gotliorod togothor by îfr. .rosoph Loooh in a littlo volumo ontitlod " Ghosts and Glamour," publishod by J. W, Arrowsmith, Bristol. Tlio tuloH turn mostly upon local or family tradition, or popular Biiporstition, and it is alleged that in many casos thoy are founded on fact. Tlio assiirliou, liowovor, dons not detract from thoir interest. Tim " Phantom Horsewoman " I« especially blood-curdling, whilst tlio " Fatal Dall" has a gund old-faHliionoil "country family" llavour about it which should muka it nttractivo to many rundere. " Tim Watohman ol' Traitor's Bridge " sounds well, mid ono is rosily dls nppointcd at loaming that tho tale is simply au his- torical ono, oullod from tho many logends current about tho older parts of Bristol. Miss Mary A. Fitzgerald, tho authoross of " Aus- tralian Furs anil Feathers," has made another praise- worthy nUompt to purpoliiato tho memory of things Australian, lu " King Bungaroo'« Pyalla," pub. lished locally by Messrs. Edwards, Dunlop, and Co., sho lias given us n series of interesting storios, illus tr.itivo of the inannnrs anil customs pi availing among the Austruliau Aborigim« boforo Utoy wuto do niorallsod by contact with cIviliHiitiou. Tim talos aro ostensibly writton for 61iildron, bul the oldoro may, find much instruction and umu¡,omont from tlioir perusal. The oducational snrlos publishod by Messrs. Poroi vul and Co., of London, has boon largoly uddod to by tim issue of a numbor of new handbooks. Tlio volamos aro neatly got up, strongly bound, and of a coiivonionl sue for school uso. Special attention has boon paid to Um "Modern French Serien," which aims nt supplying, at a niodonito rate, standard rond ¡tig nmttor for school neo, graded to suit variousclassos of scholars. The sorios opon« with a " Primor of Fronch Grammar and Primary Frotich Exoroisos," arrnngud for the usn of schools, by Mr. A. A. Somer- ville, M.A. The motliod of instruction adopted lu clour and systematic, and well cnlculiitod to ovor coiim tlio initiatory difllr.iilUon of Fronch study. Tho rending book» commence with " French Toxts for Beginners," edited by H. .T. Morirh. Tim sélections aro mainly from contemporary French author«, the volume bnforo us containing Milo. li. de i'ompéry's " I'etilos ITIH toire« Enfiintinos." Tho " Elementary Fronch Tnxti," also iirraugpd by Mr. Morich, consist of selections from lending Fronch authors, such us "Un Cas do Conselonco," bv Paul Curváis : "Ilisloiro do la Moro Michel," by Jlrilollif-ro ; " 1,' .¡.portillón do la.Ieunu- IlHi'ilio," by Julos VITIIII, anil iimiiyoUiiirs. The intorini'ilintii rending bool;« me slightly moro difficult, but most of the chief ohhlnclus aro ox plalund away by noten. " r/illhtoirn d'un I'livsan," by Erokinunn-Chiilrliin, in includod in this "iiorics. 'Jim " Advanced Furnell Toxts" mo cditod by .Mr. if. Ü. Steel, ii« well ii« by Mr. Morich. Tlio volumes, which am nuiiinroiiii, con- tain selections from modern iiutliorn whose style in ol'a moio lliiishod rhiiraulnr, and thorol'oio, moro «iiitftbln for tr.iti'iliilion hy those wini hove milly mustered tho language lliil/nn's " Lo Cuni do Toura" and 1'iorrn Isiti'« " IVchour d'lslnndii " appour as fainiliur titles in Ibis seriell, 'ilic samo llrm have fnrwiudcd nu a numbul- of volamos of Um "English Classics for Schools," standiuil reading books winch ¡iiclndo much wholesome writing, such as Moore's ''Utopia," DCIOO'K "Journal ol' tim Plnguo Your," Jjongfollow's " Fvau^oliiie," mid Scott'« "Ivanhoe." Thurn are nisei a couple of voluuioH conlamiiig Holected Knglish balliid«, intended for the study of beginners In F.iigliHli literal mo. , A dillieiilltlioologiciil problem is dual! with by Iho I Rev. V. II. Stanton ina teraiitly-publislird vohunn. I He utloniiits to Mitti« tlio placo ol' niitliuiity in re- ligious boliof, and, denting the subject with great. j caro and «kill, endeavours to bring ii bout an adjust- ¡ mont botwoou two actively opposing principles-Mm I principio of authority mid tlio principle ol freo in- 1 nully. Ho admit« that the fundamental ti nth« of tim I Catholic Church liuiHt include authority in mullers of faith, but pleads also on behalf of the claims ol' in- dividual tuition and oxpuriiincu, Hciiitililloanil his- 1 loriial truth. Tim book is published by Messrs. Longmans, tireen, and Co. To IiAiiKM (IIIKV ILim.-_T.0e.V5er'« Sulphur ITIiir Itestorer Is the nuli'krst. Iwst, safest, and cheiipe.it, Largo I bottles, la od. Lvcrvwhcio,-tAuvr.J 