Mr. Bret Hurte has just finished a new story, called "Sally Dows." Miss Kate Maraden, who will shortly leave for the United States, is at present staying at Hastings, preparing a book on her Siberian travels. Mr. Rudyard Kipling has not completed tho circuit of the globe. A3 his letters in the Times showed, he got as far as Japan, but he has again returned to the United States. His future movements are at present uncertain. It wa3 reported the other day that Mr. Rudyard Kipling was to make his future home in America. It is now stated that he has secured the architect's plans for his cottage near Brattleborough. It will cost £2,000, and the work of erecting it will be proceeded with next winter. On the recommendation of Mr. Balfour the Queen has granted a pension of £50 per aunum from the civil list to Mrs. Cashel Hoey (wife of the late secretary to the Victorian Agency General}, whose merits as author and journalist are thoroughly recognised by the literary pro fession and the public at large. A prize of £50—one of the principal prizes of the National Eisteddfod of Wales—has been awarded to Mr. Charles Asliton, policeman, Dinas Mawddy, Merionethshire, for the "best unpublished work of original research in any branch of Welsh literature." Mr. Ashton's prize essay took the form of a "Bibliography of Welsh Literature from 1801-1890," and was highly commended by Professor Rhys, of Oxford. A very important art publication will be issued by Messrs. Lawrence and Bullen early in October. This is the "The Works of Master Francis Rabelais " (Urquhart's and Motteux's translation), with illustrations by M. Chalon. The ordinary edition—with 15 plates—will consist of 750 numbered copies for England and 250 for America; and there will also bo an edition of 210 copies on Japanese vellum, with two additional plates. The latter is published at six guineas net, and the copies liave nearly all been subscribed for. Mrs. General Booth's forthcoming "Life" will be an illustration of what may be called biography up to date. Luring the last days of her illness the "mother of the Salvation Army " conversed much with her family upon religious matters. Although tho body was crushed by a cruel disease, the mind remained clear, one might say brilliunt, almost to the last. It wus desirable to preserve some record of what Mrs. Booth said, but to do this from memory was not possible. So, unknown to her, out of her sight, a shorthand writer took down her words from time to time. Substantially, therefore, her death-bed conversations exist in full, aud they are given in her biography. Each of the three volumes will he full of in terest ; the last ouo will be singularly pathetic reading. A second edition of "Sir George Grey's Life " is now in preparation, and it would not be surprising if a third were needed. Mr. William Black, the novelist, according to " Sola's Journal," aims at writing two novels a year, and is never so liappy as when he is on the sea or near the sea. When at work he loves intense quiet, and cannot bear the slightest noise. For this reason he always selects u room at the top of the liouso as his studv. Mr. II. L. Stevenson's continued presence in Samoa serves to keep that lovely but trouble some little group more to the front than a score of consular blue- books. The novelist has recently donned the mantle of the hisloriau, and has published a pamphlet in which ho tells with all his accustomed charm of style the recent history of the island, which; he says is one of "rapacity, intrigue, and the triumph of temper." He depicts some of the leading per sonages as sharply as if they figured in one of his romances. Captain. Brandeis is referred to as " breathing hurry and dealing blows." while the American Commodore O'Leary is mentioned as "an artist in mischief." Mataafa is presented in agreeable guise. Nevertheless Mr. Stevenson cannot conceal the strangely comic elements in the Sarooan situation. In the introduction to his forthcoming "Dictionary of Australasian Biography," Mr. Philip Mennell says: "I have often had occa sion to remark on the limited knowledge which the public men of one colony possess of the public men of another, and in a period which has produced the 4 Commonwealth of Austral asia Bill,' I may perhaps be excused for endeavouring to contribute my mite towards the extension of that intercommunity of knowledge which is to a large extent the necessary condi tion precedent to intercommunity of sympathy and action. Not only has the federal feeling in Australasia witnessed a wonderful growth of recent years, but the interest in and desire for knowledge about the Australasian colonics has been quickened to at least an equal extent of tlic centre of the empire." Nearly 2,000 biographies of living and dead Australasian worthies are given in the dictionary. The Rev. Charles Kelly, a Leeds paper states, has discovered some valuable manu scripts, which contain the original copies of tho most exquisite hymns writteu by Charles Wesley and other members of a family largely gifted with poetic genius. Several volumes were found the other day in the Methodist book- room, and it may be that after careful sifting some hymns may be there that have not yet been printed. The handwriting is in tho well known, clear, neat style of the poet, and lovers of Methodist relies will be delighted to have a look at such compositions as, " Lo! On, a Narrow Neck of Lund," and "Come, Holy Ghost, our Hearts Inspire." It is supposed the documents were purchased by the lata Thomas Jackson from Charles Wesley, jun. This is not the first discovery made by Mr. Kelly. Not long ago ho found the account book iu which are recorded, with John Wes ley's signatures, several payments he had mado in connection with the book-room. Wesley an relics have been recently increased, and Metbodist visitors to London will find it worth their while to spend a few hours at tho book room, where there is an accumulation of treasures bearing on the eighteenth century revival. 