~ TO THB EDITOR- v Sir—JLt Is-evident that Mr. Pascoe confounds religion with Christianity. Religion is to my mind a very vague term and Comprises almost anything from murder to unnaturar crimes. Christianity consists in living in. compliance with the system -of -moral ethics laid down by the vi Jesus «f history* which teaches the Father of God and the Brotherhood of man, hence, after this manner pray ye,—" Our 'Father, etc." A common paternity necessitatea a common brotheThoodahd sister- J & b d V ^ I have not ; written^Oneroid. With respect to Mr. Pa8cde , s |st^berniBnt that " go" and sell all that thou b^stvetc." was -a special-command. I have read that "no scripture is fork private interpretation" The time Mi certainly come "when Mr. PascoejwUl wish that he had not. written about |>ay- . • ment for accommodation in churches, and \- ' that the accommodation provided for the .poorisgood enough. The Jesus otiiistory stated that the two mites of a poofe widow : Wfi^einore than all ihe wealth^f the rich .'.'•', Dives owned this land and built -thebarn, ' to store his^goods, the goods belonged to Dires, Inzafua had no claim upon those V goods, quite sp Mr. Pascoe. I asked Mr Pascoe to 'give an instance of a to ^ Cilled Ghtietian Church the ministers of which two or three^of them were found ' speaking euloguims of the poor and worthy member thus equalling rich and poor in death,"but Air. Pafecoe could not do.so. The Jesus of history sajys "The beggar died and was carried by angels into Abraham's bosom,'' '' The/rich man died and in hell he. lifted up his eye?." For Mr. Pascoe's information let me state that 1 have read the whole of the two testoxnents many timeSj and have committed a large : portion^of them to memory, and I will not allow anyone to twist the simple teachings of the Jesus or history to suit their purposes. With respect to Mr. Spurgeon, I did net say that he ought not to make provision for his family. My words are, " now in this case no reason could be .. • assigned why he should die worth so much." In 1862 Mr. Spurgeon in- a j sermon speaking of the ministers of the Church of England, ho says " To tike oath that I sincerely assant and consent to a doctrine which I do not believe would to my conscience appear littla short of perjury, if not absolute downright perjury," and he goea on to charge the clergymen of " Church of Eugland of the grossest picces of immorality perpetrated in Eugland." j A minister who states that he feels called j by the Holy Ghost to preach and dedicates himself to ihe services of a sect is as honestly bound to l.ibor for that sect as any other responsible servant. Mr. Spurgoon was paid at psr annum, and all his energies belonged to those to whom he hired himself. A bank manager would not be culled a honest inau if he carried on business on his own account., that is, if he agreed to wholly devote himself to the betterment of his employers. Does not Mr. Spur*eon as above attack religion? Did not the Jesus of history and that really consistent mau John Wesley attack religion ? Yes, and to John Wesley, labor owes more than to all the ministers of modern times put together. HE backed his utterances with consistency. With respect to the editor's query, it' d»- pends on circumstance*. No man is justified in making provision for his family by any other means than the strictest honesty, and IF the cause of humanity or religion had no claim upon the minister, wha was worth thousands, it certainly has no claims on those who to support it, have to use great tslf-danial ; such as to go without sugar in their tea, ,that they might give towards the minister's salary. I wish to be clearly understood in respect to CHRISTIANITY, we owe most, if not all, our greatest social blessings to it, and the ministers who back their words by example, are men to be respected, and are worthy of th»ir hire, but not fortune*. The men, no matter how great "their popularity, who are shareholders in enterprises in which the S ibbath is des«- crated, and who help to cruih labor, no matter how many affixes and prefixes the revs, may have , to their names, are what Spurgeon stated above. In conclusion, I would just give a short extract from the sermon of Archdeacon Farrar, preached in Westminister Abbey on Sunday afternoon, January 3, frou " Thou shalt not kill."". . There is a spirit of murder even in cold indifference and callousness to human misery. The „priest and Levite were potential murderers of the poor woundedfellow-man whom to their fine services and futile sasrifices they passed by as though it concerned theip not. . . We violate the spirit of this commandmenu . . If we do hot to the best of our power endeavour to redress the ihtoalrable multitude of wrongs inflicted on all sides by men. upon their fellowmen. If we do not eonsider the poor ; if we do not give of our liv^s and our substance to the cause of God." Will Mr. Passoe note that the rev. clergyman says " we.?'' If J had used the terms above used, about the priest and the levite, it would have shocked the world, bat I say that eighttenths of the revs, or the present day are built on tHe same lines as the~above priest and Levite as far as selfism is concerned. Mr. Editor, as you cauijot afford me sufficient space to.fully discuss the labor question in my own way, I wish to thank you for the space you have afforded me. I will, for the -present remain ailentj but hope to see others in this centre of labor, exnres8 themselves on the question which is wide as humanity.—I iani, etc , - ? \ ' BEN CROSBY. , M&y; '8,1892.: ^ ^ f Mr. Croaby h'&s; had space enough for. discussing the labor question, but will he noteliew much of the labor question is not tu the above long Utter.— En"} "v THE YELTA. NEW COPPER MINING COM- PANY, NO LIABILITY. —Ten members . of the promoters -visited .the Yelta'mihe on - Wednesday/ April 27thv^ ior - thei purpose, of inspecting the property. On ' arriving at Wright's shaft they found the water was up within twenty feet of the surface. The boroughs at Wright's . and office shafts are showing copper ore very freely and the greater part of them will pay the Company well to dress, and the slimes from the dressing plant has been let on tribute at lis 6d in the £1, the man that took it to take all responsibility re the d essing, by being supplied with three kieves (which has' been supplied him) which speaks well for the. fact that there must be some good coppef^bearing lodes below. They then visited the crusher house where there were several barrows, a windlass and other useful articles, the machinery here with a very little repairs can be set in good working order; then to. the sample house, where they found the surface portion of the weighing bridge, etc., in good order, also, three new winza buckets, two new whip buckets, A lot : of steel drills, .hammers, picks, shovels, ropes, belts for crusher, a lot ot new handles* and sampling tools, wiln many other things; then to the smith shop, outsida. were lying, several horse-, whim buckets with other piece3 ot very useful articles; inside two forges are erected and in good order, two good anvils with bellows complete, with a good set of tools, an4 a good set of screwing tackle, some coal, a few bundle? of new iron with lots of short pieces, and a ijood grindstone, some pitwork, etc. 1 Then they, made their way for Scott's shaft. The engine is in good - condition, the only thing that could bp seen wrong was the beam of the engine had shifted a little towards one end of the gudgeon, there is a stack of wood in front of the boiler which acts as a preventative to any one enteriog by that way to the boiler house. Here six ef the party prepared themselves. ^-sisit the underground workings but could not get down so far as they had anticipated, as they had been to ] d they .would-be able to get down to the 30 'fathom. At tha 16 r fathom level they went as fair north as they could get and brought up snmefsplendid pieces of green and grey ore from that level. They could only get down about 6 fathoms below this, and there they broke a few more nice pieces of green, grey, and malleible ore ; there is a new ladder and skip road in this shaft in thorough good repair, in fact, with the slight repair mentioned above to the engine, work can be at once resumed at this part of the mine as there is a first class wire rope on the winding drum, a good dirt and water skip at the brace waiting for use. In looking over the dirt that was hauled from the bottom of the shaft some nice pieces of yellow and purple ore were discovered, ^ud pieces from the different shafts may be seen at the Tij^p office, Kadina, the party then left fully t&tisfied; with the property and are very, anxious to sse it all in full swing and'if so, are fully persuaded alio will be in the near future a dividend- paying property. 