HOW THEY GAMBLED IN ANCIENT EGYPT. [Saturday Review, 2nd ApriLl I Ween Setnan, some years before the Exodus of the Tsraelities, visited Ptah-nefer-ka in his tomb, and insisted on obtaining the magical book, as we read in the fourth volume of the T&ecords; of the Past, he made a pro posal to the ghost. He would play a game of 52 points for the possession of it, Then, we read, the ghost of Ptah-nefer-ka " accepts the proposal, j but attempts to cheat Setnau, and is found out by him, and loses the game. The demotic papyrus on which this j curious tale is written is among the treasureB of the Museum of (xizeh, baring been discovered in a box at Thebes, together with a number ot hieratic and latter documents, which had belonged to a Coptic monk and been buried with him. This is only one of the many ancient allusions to games of chance and skill, and number less ivory dice have been found m tombs. It is curious to note that these dice, which are sometimes beautifully colored porcelain, are often loaded. When the ghost cheated Setnau he apparently did nothing that was out of the common. Chess men also frequently occur. They are sometimes of ivory beauti fully carved, and represent grotesque hntnan forms. The chess men exhibited in Manchester in 1887, a.nd afterwards nresented by Mr. Howarth to the British Museum, are lion's heads, and are saadfe out of hard brown wood. Mr. Falkner accepts the theory put forward in the Manchester catalogue, that these pieces and a chair, which was also presented 'to the tnueeum by Mr. How^th, actually belonged to the breat queen, Hatshepsu, of the fcigh t6£nttivDynastv-that is to say, some 1-200 years before the Christian era. This remains to be proved ; but if the broken cartouche which accompanies them, ;and the carved ornaments of the chair, are of the same hard wood as the men, it would go far to satisfy the mostaceptical. But that tbeEgyptians of that period, and long before, did play at various games, some of them of the most gambling character, and others closely resembling chess and draughts, there cannot be the slightest doubt. In the tomb o£ one Ra-Shepses or Shepsesra, who lived at the time ot the kings of the Fifth Dynasty, while they were still building pyramids for royal sepulchres, there are representa tions of two games. One is called " Senat," and- consists of a. board, « men,"' and pieces exactly similar to those still seen at the door of a coffee shop in Egypt, sometimes of wood, sometimes of ivory, and usually colored green and red. The other game .is. called "Han," the jar, or bowl, and may have been played with a. cup tor dice, like blackgammon. The board in Han is circular. Was it a kind ot roulette? The game with pieces is represented at Beni Hassan in the picture of the time of the Twelfth Dynasty. It was not chess, but more like a kind of draughts. The same or a similar game is re presented at Medinet Haboo the sepulchral temple of Rameses 111., ot the Twentieth Dynasty. It is not possible to tell with whom the king is represented as playing, as the sculp ture has greatly decayed; but there can be little doubt that the perfor mance is supposed to take place after death. In a late papyrus m the British Museum there is a grotesque representation of a lion playing with an antelope. The late Dr. Birch was of opinion that there were six pieces to each player, and that as the game advanced "the pieces were played side by side, and probably took laterally. Some boards have come down to us and are in the British Museum andatGhzeh, as well as in private collections. The puzzle about them is that they are not all alike. The game at which Pbat nefer-ka's ghost tried to cheat Setnau seems to have been something wholly different, and the " fifty-two points perhaps refer to the pips on dice. On© Egyptian game was known as Ta-u ? that is the Robbers-and this Mr. Ealkenerinhisbookon Games, Ancient and Oriental would identify with the Roman latrunculi; but Mr, Falkener finds out in the course of his investiga tion that Dr. Birch "cannot be trusted.-" He palpably contradicts himself in various articles, and it was not alwavs possible. to make out his meaning! for he certainly had no gift of lucid exposition. Mr. Falkener, however, tries to aum up what he has learnt from Dr. Birch, and we learn that the latrunculi or latrones of the Roman game were originally soldiers, but that by degrees the name became significant of licentious ness and audacity, as the soldier turned bandit. The game he asserts to be lively and inspiriting and worthy o£ modern practice. The Creeks called the pieces in the form of game 'dogs,' and the modern Egyptian Arab calls " kilab," which is the plural o£ " kalb," a dog.' In the game of Tau the pieces were called "ab," a word which Mr. Renouf ingeniously connects with " ab," the heart, pointing out its con nection with the idea of leaping or plaving, and deriving our word 'heart from Sansrit root, signifying play or hop. On this evidence Mr. Falkener has reconstructed the game. '' Each piece was an <&, and, therefore, all the pieces, though moving only one square at a time in any direction, could leap over an adversary occupying a contiguous square provided the next square were open, as in draughts, but without taking it." He proceeds to give the diagram of a board, and plays a game which occupies, he says, about two hours, but might no doubt, be accomplished in much Bhorter time by practised players. 