Public Baths. Nearly all American and European visitors to Japan speak with admiration of the public baths of that country. In the city of Tokoi there are between eight and nine hundred public bathing establishments, each fre- quented by nt least three hundred people, who pay for the privilege an extremely small Bum-so small that no one is too poor to afford it. Outside of these baths the Japanese are much given to bathing in their own houses. They are one of the cleanliest peoples in the world. Travellers from the western world frequently express their regret, in describing these Japanese baths, that the progressive peoples of Europe and America have no such establishments. American cities, indeed, are for the most part blessed with public baths which are open in the sommer, bat they have none, or practically none, which are warmed and opened in the winter, like those of Japan. In many parts of Europe, indeed, bathing is almost unknown. People who are supposed to be civilised and even enlightened go from infanoy to the grave, through a long life, without a single thorough-going bath " all over." They did no1, derive this uncleanly custom from their ancestors of the ancient world. The Eoman Empire throughout almost its entire extent was a world of magnificent and universally patronized public baths. The abandonment of bathing WBB, in a curions way, the r< suit of the triumph of the Christian religion, though Christianity itself certainly could never be accused of encour- aging nncleanliness. Proper care of the body, as the " temple of the Holy Ghost," is en- joined by the Christian Scriptures. In ibe imperial reigns which marked the decline of Borne the public baths, which in former generations had been sources of national strength, became, on the contrary, sources of corruption and a cause of the decadenco of the people. A useful institu- tion'had been subjected to great abuses. In these batfaB the Bomana of that de- generating age spent a great proportion of their time. They bathed in warmed and perfumed water, and so softened und weak- ened themselves by continual indulgence in this luxury that tbey not only became incap- able of resistance to their tyrants, but fell an eaBy prey to bodily vices and sicknesses. The early Christians, who led a severe and virtuous life, regarded the public baths with horror, "With the triumph of the new religion, these sources of corruption were proscribed. But the reaction against the abuse of the public baths went too far. Not only were the bath« abandoned, but bathing as well« The iFrench historian, Miohelet, calls the Middle Ages " a thousand years without a bath." The days of chivalry were not days of personal cleanliness. Many famous knights and kings were so untidy in they habita that they created remark, eren in those days. The magnificent courtiers* and great ladies who surrounded Henry IV. and Louis XIV. of France hardly washed their hands and faceB, though they ate their food with their fingerB. The Duke of Orleans, the famous regent during the minority of Louis XV., was the first to introduce cleanly manners in the French court, than the centre of the world's politeness. If personal cleanliness waB at that time almost unknown at the courts, the | appearance of the people may perhaps be dimly conjectured. This long period was a time of terrible epi i demies. Mysterious plagues, feeding, no doubt, upon the filth of the towns, swept away myriads of people. A comparative freedom from epidemics has resulted from the giowth of more cleanly habits and the increased knowledge of sani- tary modes of living. Public baths, beyond all doubt, are conducive to public health. 