An Australian Lady ON HER TEAVELS. ENGLAND. Christmasis on us, with its London fogs, its panto mimes, its bills, everyone hurrying away to the coun try and its joys of skating, hunting, and shooting. The other day we were at Beading, and while we Toasted cheBtnnts on the hob one wintry night the gaa was turned down till nothing bnt wavering shadows could be seen, and someone proposed that we should each tell a ghost story. DREAMS FOLLOWED, and one lady related the following, which die de clared was her own personal experience : ' We Were in Paris' she said, 'last summer, staying at 'the hotel, the night was very warm, and I could not deep. At last I arose, drew aside the curtain, and looked out into the night. The moon was shining brightly, and I saw a heavy vehicle drive into the courtyard down below. It rumbled slowly round the enclosure, and as I gazed I saw to my horror that it was a hearse. As it passed below my window the driver turned his head and looked me full in the face. I went back to bed, fell asleep, but could not get the thought of that dark face out of my head. It mingled with my dreams, and in the morning I told:1 several persons of what I had seen. We returned to London soon afterwards, stopped at the ? Hotel, and several of us were just stepping into the lift to go up to our rooms when I suddenly saw in the conductor of this lift the very same face that had looked at me from the hearse in Paris that night. I nurnecuy tow. my husband, adding that nothing would induce me ixt go up in that man's eompany. He laughed, and walked -with me up the stairs. The next minute there was a fearful crash, an awful acci dent had happened, and every one of all those who had gone up in the lift was killed.' A PAUSE. Someone 'remarked that the chestnuts were burn ing^ and we were soon talking of cheerful subjects again. The next morning we went over the remains of the old Abbey, the walls being very beautiful, and some of the archways perfect, though it was founded as long ago as 979. The Abbot of Beading used to have the power of coining money, and was altogether a very great man. There is a legend that one of the Henrys stayed here on the occasion that he knighted the well-known joint Sir Loin. In a recess is shown an ancient stone coffin where he, the Kong, was buried. I believe he died from eating too many of those seductive fish called lampreys ; but perhaps he was another — the Henrys being always rather a puzzle to me — and my English history is remote. CAMBRIDGE was our hist excursion from London. We went all over the various colleges, saw the curious Sound Church, and the even more curious mill of Chaucer. The old bank in the town is a quaint and picturesque building of Elizabethan design. Never was there a less business-like looking bank — outside at any rate. Inside the doors ail that goes on is prosaic enough, Some of the houses round Cambridge are very old. and most beautiful. Anstey Hall is a lovely old Queen Anne place, with grand trees and fields in the distance, and Alderney cows, and all that makes life worth living in happy England. Here we met several friends and relations of Sydney and Victorian friends, all of whom took a warm interest in hearing of jtheir beloved ones in far off Australia. We have had a real WHITE CHRISTMAS, and were glad to get out of the thick fogs in London to the joys of the dear old country house at Fyfield, where we were all invited to stay. ' Train not so late in starting after all, ' said Jack. ' Only 5 minutes after the time, and considering the dark day and Christmas holidays.' ' Beg your pardon,' in terrupted a jolly looking old gentleman, ' but which train do you think you've caught.' ' The 2.35 to Windsor of course P' ' Not bo, my young friend, this is the 1.40 train to Windsor — or should be — and it is now 20 minutes to 3. The 2.35 will Btart at 4 at the earliest.' 'All the better for us,' laughed Miss Sydney, ' we shall beingood time,' and we were. Our host met us with his drag and fine team. We mounted to our seats, and were off. What a glorious drive that was, and who cared if noses got red and faces blue with the intense cold. Through old Windsor, along1 the country roads and lanes we drove merrily, jollily as we felt — trees, grass, houses, everything covered with the white glittering hoar frost, each little branch and twig standing out stiff and frozen like white coraL ' If this only lasts till to- morrow we shall have some good skating,' said our host. And, lo, in the morning when we arose the frost was j harder than ever, and needless to say there was put ting on of furs, strapping on of skates, and in a few minutes we were ON THE ICE. The moat at the foot of the lawn being frozen to the depth of six inches of ice, and the frost being 23 de grees, we got on very well — all of us, the roller skate practice of Sydney, perhaps, giving us more courage to try. In about an hour we were all delight fully warm, and were quite sorry to go into the house even for breakfast. Before this, though, there was a search for the presents which we were told were hidden all over the house* Such a hunt as began immediately along corridors, in the hall, behind' pictures, everywhere, anywhere. We discovered various white paper*parcels of various sizes, some being only ' dummy ' pieces of stone or paper neatly put up to deceive the unwary, but in the end it was found that every one had presents, all pretty, and useful too. Before we had finished finding the last the bells were ringing, and it was time to be getting ready for church. What a walk that was across the frozen fields. What a joyful service, and what a jovial return. MOEE SKATING. in the afternoon, followed by tea on the ice, the banks of the 'moat' being lit up with colored lamps and candles in the prettiest way. Cold? Not a bit of it. The skating put us aU in a glow, which not even the ice could freeze. Everything was wonaeriuuy stiu, not a movement in a twig or blade of grass ; even the lights did not flicker, but burnt with a wink to the last. After dinner (and such a dinner and such appetites to enjoy it too) we were invited to fire a volley. Bonbon crackers were handed round, we crossed hands as the Scotchmen do in singing ' Auld Lang Syne,' only that in each hand was a bonbon, each end being held by different guests. Then our host gave a sentiment — the time- honored ' Absent Friends ' — and ' Fire I' Every cracker was pulled at the same moment. Then followed ' To the One We Each Love Best,' and many others. After dinner, some of the village hand bell ringers gave us a performance. The mummers were excellent also. A danoe in the hall (' Sir Boger ' himself) was the next event ; and sundry other entertainments nnder the mistletoe bough wound up the jolliest Christmas we have ever spent. 