FOOTBALL. District Junior Association. The matches in connection with the above Association were continued an Saturday. He number of points scored by the Various dnbs at present, are—Tara dale, 40; Bain- 38; Barfold, 30; Halmsbury. Im-' •goals, 22; Kyneton Juniors, 18; Lauriston Juniors, 16; Metcalfe and Green. Hill United, 12. "\L-ZZZ Kyneton Juniors v. Eainbow.—aaiBaejnm match innior premiership, was played pii ihew __ ionise- On the last occasion* tŁe fiijnbów scored four goals to ona ConsideratóLB riralry has existed between these cluhs lor some time, and the game throughout -was rough. lie Juniora played shortfcanded. Falmer skippered the Juniors and James jI'Donagh led the blue and white. Shortly after the ball was bounced P. M'DonaRh kicked first goal for the Eainbow. Kelly lada couple of shots for goal, but only behinds resulted. On ends being changed the ball was again rushed into the Juniors' territory, and W. Gould and Kelly both scored for the Bainbow. The result of the play at half-time was—Rainbow, 3 goals 6 behinds to nil In the third quarter so goals were scored by either side. In the goal quarter the Rainbow secured two more goals, through the agency of John U'Donagh and Thomson, and shortly afterwards Youn^ kicked the first goal for the Juniors. The final result was—Bainbow, Ógoals 10 behinds; Jnniors, 1 goal 1 behind. Thomson and Woods were seen to great advantage throughout the game, and Corcoran, Lightfoot, M'Donagh, Kelly, young Maloney, Rigby, and Palmer did good service for their respective "teams. Jfr T. Spooner gave satisfaction as central umpire. Lauriston Jnniors v. Malmsbury Imperials.—This match was played at Malmsbury on Saturday. Both teams were well represented, and after a good gamlSl 'though it time rough, the result was a- win for the home team, who scored 3 goals 10%ehinds to 1 behind. The best players for Lanriston were, Costello, Perrett, Ives," Soper, Kilbride, and Beare, and for the Imperiale, Sanger, Logan, Hogan, Stephenson; Jońes, and O'Connor. Mr. J. Oke-acted .as central umpire. * Metcalfe and Green Hill United T. Barfold Borers.—The match between'-these dobs resulted in a win for Barfold by 2 goals 7 behinds to 1 goal 3 behinds. Mr H. E. Wood gave satisfaction as central nmpire. • • ' 1 Tarad≤ Juniors had a bye, and score Woodend v. Sanbury.—Our Woodend correspondent writes:—The Woodend team journeyed to Sunbury on Saturday to play the local clnb. Both sides sent strong teams into the field. On the* previous occasion when they met the result was a draw. The Woodend captain lost Hie toss, and had to commence operations .against a strong breeze. In the first Quarter the local team showed some ime, play,: land -before the change of "ends' they vhS4' scored 3; goals 6 behinds to nil. In ;th'e' r Becond quarter the goal score remained'unaltered. After the half-tine interval play assumed a different character, the Woodend team having apparently woke.up to the situation. They made several good rallies against the rind, but the determined back play of their opponents preventing any goals being obtained. In the last quarter they took complete possession of their opponents' end, Hensley, R. M'Cubbin, Saxon; Colliery, Evans, and Stapleton doing good work—2 goals were scored, thuR the locals von by one goal The game was-Weill umpired by Mr J. Whelan, and was exceptionally fast. The winners deserve to. be congratulated for the fine team they got together, and also for the manly spirit they ehbwed on the field. One little iniadentin'^inection rith the game is worthy of mention on account of the guide it gives io the heartiness of the sympathy tendered by some supporters to their club. A Woodend player found that owing to Bowing opera-, tions he could not get'-awayfcr play.*' -"-Three other young fellows from his neighbourhood took his work upon 'them, ażd it is needless to remade his Absence was not felt. Sestet played Macedon for the third time this season, on Saturday.: Oń the two previous occasions they were -'victorious, but on this occasion the Maceidon team recovered part of their lost laurels. They racoeeded in kicking 3 goals 'to thei opponents' one. B&ile;ą, W. Quaife,MichollB and Sauss showed good form,-the latter locking two fine goals, For ihe -losers, floKen (though unnecessarily rough) played well, as did Colliery and CąhUll, : Onr Trentham correspondent writes:— TheTrenthsm footballem wenfcto Blackwood on Saturday to play, as „they thought, the locals. On arriving on.'iJie aground, bowerer, matters turned out differently, the best players in Ballan, 12or l2iJmles distant, being included in the 'team; \also Blakeville was represented, -and one from Bine Mountain. Probably: Geelong ;would also have been visited and players secured bat that it would have left so i room ior-a local man. Of course the Trentham players had not the ghost of a show--. 9Q»ey.got the goal and a behind, and ufter that Blackwood (?) got U goals SO behmds. i. Johnson, the Blackwood <?} goaljnmpire, Ws so eager for goals for his side .that be raised the two flags on one-occasion before the ball had passed between tba poets. It a did not matter mucŁ; "W $?e goals or 2Qoici " ffiiMquen^'-tUSL, M could, ańd lhe - ^go^atall agalnftsneh.'^ iiUkerille, &c-; The "match" ww -wit- ^sed by a large number of-ipeqple. x.In me previous match, played at Xcwtham, Ulackwood proper was beaten, thongh*hcy gWd with remarkable Ul-lack, tort on they got other met} to &rai-the; them. As«ach have -npjr wohia final shpuld he p\a\ied. Ttena tpod tean hetjreeni 3 n^* ^eton, %oqdend.eiElwnfi. S^vastlemaine, with two Ihree.of " es, and thus ^q^alipe matters - and T. Says, of Gariicksi yho 1111 tarns, made good, central nmpire& mrsaa goaTtunpire wns only wantedat o-e end in such a match as the above. ot village BettlemffBjftjrt t - . - —™«.iing to leam that^nn&iwjer; M Russia pays twice OB wdlM»ny^ fc^P- A single acn wffl yidd 2700 J™ of seeds without exhausting the >land. 16 everywhere S ^ f c oil for tablaęnrpoćes^ ^Dt «fo^d that wheat gtows mt^i J ^ j o n W fhr a sunfipwerprop. the Cofporatión of "Berlin has TMblmd "Mnvein SydnCTby the ?»• ,, timedtoirive^re n l S Matthew,^ ^staEn^ that Hfe^intenaea ^franoBco^ttrt vesad m AtEoct s-petitibn to the Qn . 