The Marquesas Islands., A Curious Race. I Dying at Will. Tho strangest story in all Mr. Stovon- sott's works (says tho Peak Downs Tele- 1 tram- ) . is told in his rccont letters from tlio Marquesas, whore a nation is dying- 'out because it feels tbo tired to. live. Tho Marquesans havo folt tired ever since tlio white man came into tho Pacific, and tlioy , are dropping away meroly because they havo lost all inter est in existouco. A Marques in can die c;f itiblnnclioly in two . days when lip starts, and it takes vory little to start him — if his girl looks coldly on him, or ho loses a pig, or anyono throws a littlo bud language at him,' he goes homo nud fadeB away. And, stranger still, it is 10 chances to one that tho man next door will cateli tho infection, aud sit down uncomplainingly 011 a stool and evapor ate in tho same aimless way, and pres ently a dozen more inhabitants will begin to wither up, till tho whole settle ment becomes depopulated from an mtlilitiviiik aF lAnrr.iliinuMi.iMth rl iinniitilGQCi li' a Murquosan thinks lie has got a new disease, ho is too tiled and- patient and weary to go home j I10 simply sits down by the wayside mid waits till ho dies, oven if lie has to wait 14 days, and if lie hasn't got any disease lie dies all the same through too much molaucholy: resignation, lie isn't particular about the disoaso either j any complaint ho can dio of is the complaint he lias got. Tlio nation has given up woik of recent yours because everybody feels lliat thero is nothing on all this wide, exhausted earth lhatis worth worrying about. They live ou wild fruit, aud hang around miserably, and sigh, anil exchange symptoms, und swap solemn thoughts about tlio hereafter, nud tlioy hide them selves undor tho bad or in any othor handy corner at night because thoy dread tho ghosts of their ancestors. Tliov are a big, brawny, muscular race, in the last stage of mental fatigue niid collapse — a nation that is dying for want of a drunk, aud a scrimmage. Many a half- extinct tribe might bo saved from immediate destruction by a rousing dog- fight, and a vigorous contest among six cats would be sufficient to call a Murquosan from his death-bed and givo him a frosh lease of existence ; but in these sleepy islands there are 110 dog fights, and when tho native is disgusted- him up except a lnzy pig moouiiig on the sands. Tliov don't drink and they don't swear, neither do thoy fight or cat each other ; tlioy wash thorn solves regu larly, and aro friendly with nil comers, and tho only thing thoy do is to lio round and die uunccountably. 