CHAPTER XIX AN UNLOOKED-FOR CLUE. Beryl made her way upstairs to her own chilly, cheerless room, and flung herself upon the couch. No one came near hear. For an hour she lay quietly, resting after her adventure, but she finally , arose, her teeth chattering, and removed her un- comfortable garments, putting on dry ones, and sat down at the corner of her hearth. "I had a narrow escape," she thought, with a shudder. "I shall remember Noble Desmond while I live. He looked as if his name indicated his nature. In the evening, another event happened in Beryl's life. She was sitting grave and thoughtful, when a knock sounded upon her door, and Mrs. Toploft en- tered, and proceeded to explain: " You see, miss, I am going out of the lodging- house business. Ï am going to leave England." Beryl looked her surprise. " Where are you going ?" she inquired. " To Australia, miss," said Mrs. Toploft, in a tone half of triumph, half of regret. " Did I ever tell you about my two sons ? They are great, strong, rough fellows, and are sheep farmers in Australia. They have got a good house apiece, and a half dozen children apiece also. John—he's my youngest-born—he's just lost his wife, and his children are all young, and he begs me to come out to him, and bring up his children for him, and make a home for him and for them It's my duty to go. I shall sell the lease of this house. The lease has only a year to run, and I know a person who wants to take it off my hands. The furniture I shall send to the auction-rooms. I am not troubled about any of my lodgers but you." " Can I not stay on here with your successor, Mrs. Toploft?" " Oh, dear, no. The person who wants to take the house is the person next door. She keeps chambers for gentlemen; there's not a lady in her house. I knew she would refuse to keep you, even if it were a proper place for you among so many gentlemen. How would you like the neighborhood of Oxford-street? I know of lodgings just out of Oxford-street that would suit you exactly, but for the sum you pay here you would only get an attie there." " If I must leave this house, Mrs. Toplof t, I shall be very grateful to you for finding me any honest shelter," said Beryl. " I think I should like the neighbourhood of Oxford-street." "Then I'll speak to Mrs. Margie about a room for you to-morrow," said Mrs. Toploft, decidedly. " She's a good, honest woman. She was a house- keeper many years in very good families, and laid up a handsome bit of money. She's got a suite of rooms, well-furnished, that they let for five guineas a week. She knows so many rich families) that she may be able to get you a better situation than your present one. I don't know of a better place for you." " Shall yon leave England very soon ?" " I shall close out my furniture this week. I shall leave England within a fortnight. Ifs a sudden start, miss, but England can't hold me, now that I know how much my poor boy wants me." Bervl and Mrs. Toploft went in a cab to inspect; the new lodging. The house in question was in a quiet street open- ing out of Oxford street, and was a respectable brick dwelling of four stories. Mrs. Toploft sounded the brightly-polished knocker, and the visitors were admitted by a smart housemaid. Mrs. Mar- gie, the lodging-house keeper, a spare woman, past middle age, and wearing a cap, presently appeared. Mrs. Toploft performed the ceremony of introduc- tion. The candlelight fell full upon Beryl's face, as with * gentle courtesy she acklowledged the introduction But Mrs. Margie stared at her with wide-open eyes, almost as if the girl had beon a ghost. " Who-who did you say ?" she asked. " What; name Mrs, Toploft?" "'Miss Star,'" said Mrs. Toploft. "She is a very nice young lady, Mrs. Margie, and I'll vouoh for her. She is a relative of the Stars of Snrrey." "I beg pardon," said Mrs. Margie, "but yoa re- mind me of a young lady I knew once, many years »go. I was her housekeeper-poor dear!-at St. John's Wood. Your eyes are the very copy of hers." A sudden agitation made Beryl's heart bean wildly, but her voice was calm and steady as she asked : " How long ago was that, Mrs. Margie P" " It's eighteen years since I entered her service ; it's a little over seventeen years since I left it." / A sense of suffocation carno upon Beryl. Had she stumbled upon a clue to her mother's secret history during that year before Beryl's birth ? She believed that Providence had led her to this house, and that a solution to the mystery of poor Jenny Star's life might possibly rest in the keeping of this very woman. " Will you go up and look at your room, Miss Star P" asked Mrs. Margie. The girl assented. Terms were soon arranged, and it was agreed that Beryl should take possession of her room on the morrow. " I hope I shall he a pleasant reminder to yon of the lady you once served, Mrs. Margie," said the young girl, smiling, yet anxious. " Were you very fond of her?" ( "Very. She was sweet-spoken, and yet had A dignity that showed her the true lady," said Mrs. Margie. " She looked like you, but her hair was different in colour. The resemblance is curious,' but not at all uncommon. i Among all the people in the world it would be odd if two were alike. Pos« sibly you may be of her kin, though. Her name was Mrs. Gray." . "I do not know any one of that name," said Beryl. " Did you know hei christian name V " I heard her husband call her Jenny sometimes.'* Beryl trembled and her face whitened. She knew now beyond all poradventure that she was on the right track-that the Mrs. Gray, of St. John's Wood, was her dead young mother. Yet she held in her emotions with a stern and rare self control, and asked very quietly : "Was she married, Mrs. Margie ?" "Yes; I called her Mrs. Gray. That was the 'nome she was known by at Clematis Villa. The colonel, Mrs. Gray's husband, was Colonel Gray, who fairly worshipped her ; but he was proud as Lucifer, and they quarrelled sometimes terribly. But next day he always brought a peace-offering of jewellery or some such thing, and petted her until she smiled again. I was paid a good salary, and kept my eyes and ears well closed ; but something was wrong in the relations of the master and mis- tress, and one night she had a last quarrel with bim, and fled out of the house like a mad creature, and I never saw her again. Whether she's living or dead I don't know." " A strange story," said the girl, in a trembling voice. " Did Colonel Gray disappear also ?" "No; he sought for her everywhere. He set me and the two servants to look for her. He thought she had killed herself, yet made us con- tinue the search. One day, when we were all out» Bhe came back to the villa, admitted herself with the key she had always kept in her pocket, and carried away her clothes and jewels in a cab which she had in waiting. One of the neighbours saw her enter the house and go out again, but could give no clue to the direction she had taken in de- parting. The cabman could not be traced." (To be continued.) 