[Continued fkoh Saturday's Issue. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] [all iughts reserved.] A FAT.iL PAST. feY B'OiU RUSSELL, •AotlvnS ot' " Footpeints in the Snow,'' The Broken Seal," " The Tkack of the Stoeji," " A BitterBirthright," etc., etc., CHAPTER IS. Risen from the Dead. Lady Ennismore returned to lior house in J Grosvenor Plaoc, quite unconscious that, she 3 had att-i acted uny notice eScep't that which i she ordinarily received. She hfcd sotee tea, and fclvon went to the nursery to see her boy, and found his father tlioYe before her. Lord Ennismore inde«i absolutely worshipped this beautiful child, who was the pride and darling of his heart, and the heir to his old name. ' You spoil him, Ennismore,' sometimes Lady Ennismore would say with a smile, but she also loved little Pat with au exceed ing love, • and watched oVefc his welfare with unceasing care-. The husband, and wife were to dine at a Cabinet minister's in the evening, and re main to a recoption afterwards, therefore presently Lady Ennismore went to dress, promising as she did so that the children should see her before she left, as she was goiiiEr to wear her diamonds, A fair-, Biiiiiing, stately matron chelooked when'she descended and went into the small drawing-room ' to be'admired,' as ISnnismore told her, for the two girls and Pat and Miss Sinclair were all there awaiting her. She always dressed with great taste, and looked wonderfully hand some with the glittering circlets round her throat and arms, and gleaming in her hair. ' You look quite beautiful, mother-,' Said Julia Bingham, fixing her siiy, soft oyes on her mother's face. What a swell Jwl &fe; !' exclaimed Master Pat. That tint of velvet is remarkably becom ing- said Miss Sinclair, suppressing a sigh of mivy. Why had she net been born, she was thinking, to wear precious stones ami tfcli garments 1 She would lavo looked 'As hand some as this proud lady, if she had been arrayed as she was-, sua r.iso reflected. Miss SinekiVtt great hope in life indeed was to become rich. To bo poor was ab horient to her narrow soul, and of Lady frnnismore's seemingly happy lot she always felt envious. ' She has everything.' she 'otloti thought bitterly; 'it is not fftif. J-hen ('-!•? iS'omau who had Cc very th ing' stooped down and kissed her handsonie boy, and her two girls, and want iiwav in her well-appointed carriage, with tlw "hus band who thought she hftd ho equal on Garth, and whom ho most truly loved. She went to bo admired and courted, filling her position with the gracious, graceful ease which was one of her many charms: Men who rarely cared to talk to ordinary women always gathered round Lady Ennismore. She no'-er tried to attract attention, but accepted homage as if it were her right, a»d gave in rcuirn her rare gift of true s\v*ect sym pathy, and genuine appreciation of the good qualities of those to-oUud her. It was late before she returned homo, and the next morning she felt a little weary,and had hot breakfast before she rose ; her maid bringing up several letters on a salver, which had arrived by the early post, while she was drinking her tea. She glai'ced at them carelessly, and left them lying unopened until she had finished breakfast. Then she began leisurely to look oyer their contents. They were mostly in vitations ; invitations to the houses of the great and famous, for Lidy Ennismore was universally popular and much sought After in society. Ac last she raised one written on more common ppef than the rest, and was about- to lefive it unopened, as she thought it was merely some circular, when something inthe peculiarity of the handwriting attracted her attention. She opened it, and the instant after she had done so, her faca grew absolutely White. She stared at the lines it contained With eyes dilated with sudden hovwr and dread, and cold dew broke out On her pale brow, ' It cannot, cannot be,' at last she mur mured,'after all these years—it is some falsehood, some invention—and yet none knew,none knew ! ' They were strange words that Bhe hod read, which had driven the blood from her face, and seemed almost to have stopped the beatings of her heart. Words, pbrportihg to have been written by one she hud deemed dead for more t.han> twenty! It seemed im possible, yet there in a few cramped lines a tale was told which to her, if true was bitterer than death, ' 'Dear Katherine.' she read again, with shuddering courage, ' This letter will I know be a great surprise to yolt, alid I fear an un welcome one. It will eeeiii almost to you as if ono risen frofti the dead was your corres pondent. But the truth is, I did not die when the good ship Endymion settled down "with her living freight in the blue waters all those long years ago. Auotlier young fellow and I were '-joky enough to get into the one boat that lived through the tre mendous storln breaking round the ship and after going through 'incredible sufferings were picked up by a vessel bound for Adelaide. ' He also was under a cloud, and we agreed to drop our old names and take new ones in the new country. Thus it happened that the names of Arthur Selby and George Roche appeared among the passengers lost in the sinking of the Endyuiion during the gale. The rest of the poor fellows in the boat suc cumbed to the hardships we went through, and we two—Arthur Selby and I—were The only survivors of all the passengers and crew of the ill-fated ship. We read our names as those of dead men m the English papers long afterwards, and until now I have never made any effort to establish my real identity. But things did not prosper with me in Australia ; and the man whose name I was foolish enough to sign is dead. I was free therefore to return to England, and came back poor. ' I am in very low water indeed, Katherine, and I hrfre learned it is exactly opposite with you. That you are married to Lord Ennismore; that you have succeeded to all the wealth of your family through your brother's death ; and now I am going to ask you what you will do for me ? Do not forget my claims however irksome they may be to you. A word from me and Lady Ennismore would disappear, and Mrs George Roche appear in her Btead. A terrible come-down wouldn't it be, to such a grand lady as yourself ? I saw you to-day in the park, and recognised you, for you have worn well, whereas I am a broken-down, battered poor devil, with scarcely a coat to my back, or a shilling to bless myself with. I hear my brother, the Colonel, is still living, but I suppose he would cut me dead if I tried to intrude myself in his mightiness ? But on you I have a real claim, and you must not ignore it. Did the child live, Katherine, or did your proud mother wring its neck to save your reputation ? She was quite capable of it; a dreadful old woman, but she, of course, will have gone the way of all flesh. Fix a place to meet me, and keep your secret if your like, if you will pay for it; otherwise I shall prove a nasty customer. What shall I sign myself ? It depends on you. ' Geobge Roche.' Every word of this hateful letter stabbed. Lady Ennismore's heart sharper than a t-vo edged sword. Could it indeed be written by the handsome young man whom she had be lieved had lain in his restless sea grave so long ? She remembered him so well—he, who in her childish folly, for she was but sixteen at the time—she had believed she had loved, and whom she had secietiy wedded. It was a sad and degrading story ; a story that none knew rightly but tlio two prin cipally connected with it, and Katherine Maiden's maid, Lorimer, for Mrs. Maiden, her mother, had never actually known that her daughter had married George Roche. They dare not tell her, for to raise money to court the supposed rich young girl, George Roche in a moment of madness had forged the name of one of the officers of his brother's battery. The forgery was discovered, and George Roche had to fly the country to save himself from being arrested. His brother, then Captain, now Colonel Roche, though bitterly indignant at his conduct-, had helped him to do this partly for his own sake, and when the outward bound ship that he had i embarked in foundered at sea, and George Roche's name appeared among the passen- I trer.s who were lost. Cantain Roche convn^nd ...... ..v^.ua., tullYUyUU the intelligence to Brackenford. It was such a terrible blow to Kafcherine Maiden, that for a time her reason was ilmost despaired of, and her proud mother, standing by the unhappy young'creature, ueard | herutter lord's that Med her own heart-Tvicii absolute 'ccmateiYiation. Only Lorimer knew tiro truth that the forsaken girl was about to be come a mother; that she and the reckless good- fov-nothing that she had supposed she had loved, had been secretly married at a quiet 1 out-of-the-way-church, when the family were last in town. In her agony Katherine now confided this to Captain -Roche, and he did all be could to savo her from hot MoUi'M s Ho persuaded M[rs. Maiden th&t; chance Woukt to good forK&theti;'no \ that sh^ Would soon be better ,i'f ft.® &way; from the scenes wl^ere e--^ had metr his unfortunate bro'thW, lor it was while Captain Roche had been stationed at Lynwood. that_ George "Roche had become acquainted with Katherine Maiden while staying with liis brother at the barracks. . At last Mrs. Maiden consented that her daughter should go abroad for awhile; Hnd Katherine proceeded to Pftiifr* accompanied only by Matgaiet Uruhimond, the Yicar of BracfceiiiToM's eldest daughter, and Loriiner, hot maid. Margaret Drummond knew by this time the secret of Katherine's hidden marriago, and kept it faithfully during the years of their long friendship. A child was born to Katherine in Paris,' and neither Mrs. Maiden nor Novmtuv Mulder her. btetta'r, ever knew of its existence. Captain Roche did, and at Katherine*!; fearful, passionate entroftli'osv lie adopted the boy, and the J'o'ung mother saw it no more. She re turned to England with Margaret Drum mond, and at eighteen was married to Lord Ennismore. The good-looking Irishman fell in bvo with her at a country ball, and her mother insisted on the match. Katherinfe had not loved her husband when she married him, but during the long yeiirs t>E their wedded life he hrtd Completely won her heart. Thu ne.d striking ever,i. in her life was the tragic deatjl", ut 11 cr only brother, Norman. This Impjiencd about a year after her own marring®, and the shock and' mysterious cir cumstances attending it broke liia niothoi s heart. Thus" Lady Ennismore inherited all the great wealth of the family, including the estate of Brachinford, and the coal and iro", : ttiilits which were part of hey father's large property. And now Kathcrino Ennismorc'a early folly had come back to her face to facc» If George Kocho really lived It meant. Un utterable degradation atidslulmiv, hot only to herself—and thti {tool1 Woluan moaned and wrung Uc'r bands in the anguish of the thought — nut only to herself, but to the husbind of. her love, to her children, to her boy ! If this early mar riage held good, her second.mtifringe was void, and the, littte ll'elr of Enuismore had Ho tight to Inherit his father's name. Again tiia unhappy lady moaned,and then a thought suddenly flashed through her brain. This miserable letter, bearing such dread ful consequences in its train, might' not really be from George Roche, but from the companion it stated had been saved with him at the time <>t the shipwreck. Gcorgb Roche might be dead* and for the purpose of obtaining Moliey this other man might bo assuming his name. 'It is best to see him,1 at last resolved Lady Ennismore; 'whoever ho is ho must be bought oil"; this hateful secret must never reach Ennismore's ears.' She sat down, therefore, with a white face and trembling hands to her writing table,and wrote n few lines to tho address the letter contained. It was to a lodging house in an obscure street near Victoria Station, and stated tho simn'e name of George Johnson would find him* as he had borne this while in Australia. This information was added as a*postscript, evidently for the purpose of obtaining a reply. ' 1 have rcceivefl yoli'r letter, wrote Lady Ennismore, ' but decline to believe your story without the evidence of my own senses. If, however, you will goat four o'clock to morrow afternoon to the house of Mrs. Twiss, ill Buckingham Palace-road, who keeps a shop for second-hand clothing, I will be there.—K. 13-' She drove out and posted this letter with her own hands, and then with a sinking heart proceeded to Buckinp'^"u.r.n(jl(;grt.oaci° and was recc oi', rnere with great delight by old maid Lorimcr, now Mrs. Twiss. There was nothing unusual in her going to Mrs. Twiss, for she rarely was in town without seeing her, and Mr?. Twiss had good cause always to remember her visits with gratitude awl satisfaction. ^ Mr. Twiss. was Ipcfeily but wheil ahe ar rived at lite tady's Wardrobe, as Mrs. Twiss designated her establishment, but that stout good-looking woman herself was sitting darning Mr. Twiss's stockings behind one of her counters when the carriage drove up,and with an explanation of pleasure Mrs. Twiss threw down her work and hurried to the shop door to receive Lady Ennismore. 1 Oh ! Tour ladyship, this is a pleasure 1' she said. ' I knew you were in town, for Twiss was passing one evening down Gros venor Place, and he said the house was lighted up.' t 'We have only been up a short time; answered Lady Ennism 'jre ill so faiilt and low a voice that Mrs. Twiss at onco looked at lier face in great anxiety, and saw she -was extremely pale. . . ' I'm a'raid your ladyship isn't very well ( asked Mrs. Twiss. ' I've not been very well lately,' answerod Lady Ennismore, still iu that changed voice. ' Lorimer, I want to speak to' you; can wo go upstairs V ' To be sure, your ladyship; the drawing room's quite empty, for my lodger has gone, and I've not met with another yet likely to suit.' Then Lady Ennismore went upstairs, and her old servant followed her into a room of faded pretentions. That is, nothing in it seemed ever to have been new. The car pet was colorless, the curtains looked the wrecks of themselves and even tho chairs had the appearance as if they had been sat on too long, and would sink under further burdens. 3ut Lady Ennismore never looked round. With evident emotion she caught Mrs. Twiss's har.d and gasped out a few words. 'Lovimev, I've had a great shock,' she said. - ' Oh ! your ladyship, I hojie not! hy, you'ro all a tremble; please ait down,' ans wered Loriiner, drawing forward one of the weak-looking chairs. ' A dreadful thing has happened,' went on Lady Ennifmiore; 'bo dreadful it. will kill mo. I think it is true, Lorimer, I had a letter this morning.' 1 Yes, my lady. . ' A letter ! Oh, I can scarcely tell you ! A letter signed by a name I never thought to see again on earth; signed by a name of one we have thought long dead, Lorimer—it is a forgery, I believe—but still—but still—-' ' Long dead V repeated Lorimer, in con sternation. ' Surely not ' 'George Roche,' said Lady Ennismore, in a terrified whisper, while a shudder ran through her frame; and as Lorimer listened she, too, grew very pale, and began to tremble, for she remembered at this mo ment how her husband had induced her to tell him Lady Ennismore's secret. ' It cannot be true, surely V faltered Lori mer. ' I saw his death in the paper with my own eyes— when ' She dare not speak of the time; the time when her young mistress lay stricken nigh unto death; when Captain Roche had gone to Brackenford with the news of his brother's fate, and only Katherine and Lorimer knew of the band that had bound Katherine to the supposed dead man. ' Whoever wrote this letter,' went on Lady Ennismore, in strong excitement, ' must have known—have known—what I was to him; but read it, Lorimer, and tell mo what you think.' Mrs. Twiss put on her glasses to decipher the lettor which Lady Ennismore handed to her, and as.sho did so an indiguant expres sion passed over her honest face. * Whoever wrote it is a scoundrel anyhow, your ladyship !' she exclaimed. ' I can't believe tho\ poor young gentleman could have writtenut.' ' No, I c,|ni(ot believe it,' said L'idy Ennis more, eagei)ly.<y t You see he' says two were saved. Perhaps it is the other—he may have forged George Roche's name V ' To be sure he might, if they wero all alone on the sea looking for death no doubt poor Mr. George might liavo told about— what had happened before ho left hiB native land.' . . ■ •Yes, and the man wants to trade on this dreadful secret. Lorimer, what shall we do ? Lord Ennismore must never know ; we must buy bis silence.' ' I should know Mr. George again.I think,' said Loriiner slowly. ' Shall I see this per son, my lady, and hear what he has got to say?' 11 have written to bim to cow lief—-this is rk copy of what I wrote—yes, you see nim first, Lorimer, but I will be hero too—Oh, Lorimer, if it should be true 1 ' I can't believe it, your ladyship ; but—is the handwriting of the letter any guide ?' Lady Ennismore;'hook her head. ' ' Tis so long Binoe,' she said, ' I cannot re' member-it seemed all dead and gone, Lorimer, until lately—until I met Colonel Rotihe, VUiti he told menboiit^-Frin'cis.' '• Well, he's Jk fine y'd'lihg gfeiitlelhen, at any rate', your la'd^sliij}.' ' Ylis it was very strange, but a friend of his brought him up to our box at one of the theatres and introduced him to us the night after ho had been here, and Lord Ennismore asked iiim to visit us at Brackenford.' Then you'vo seen him again, my lady ?' ' Yob more than once and Lady Ennismore nave a restless sigh. 1 Poor fellow) he little kn&iyl;' * Tliteh ho tiftB no idea V _ ' None, none—Colonel Roche told him his mother was aFronch woman who died at his birth—if "there is any' trutl. in this dreadful letter, I had better have died, Lorimer ?' 'Oh! my lady, don't talk that way.' We must juat try to make the best ofit. Let me see, at four o'clock to-morrow then; Will you.be kete 1 . i t wilt cuinB lnlf-an-hour earlier ; I will se& him unsuon first, Lorimer—as I saw Francis. Oh ! I dread it so.' j ' It may just be someone trying to impsoe on you, my lady, so you must keep up your heart.' 'I'Tfill try—got your husband out of the way, Loriraor, Dy three o'clock—and now 1 must go.' ^ l • Thon Lady Ettiusnloftj tv'ils 'driven back to her luxUfi'dtts homo, to spend hours and lioilts of such terrible anxiety, that to de scribe it in words were.vain,.- Tho coming mooting meant everything' to her, and yet she had to hide this from her fond husband's eyes. CHAPTER XX. Mr. Twiss Listens. Mrs. Twiss was a very devoted wife; ahd loved Mh TWii's in & surprising manner con sidering his personal attractions, Yet "Vcn Mrsticiir'ner nieah-looking little spouso to be in tho way on the afternoon, of Lady Ennisroore's proposed visit. She tried to induce liim, therefore, to go to some place of amusement, and pl.iyfujlvjmt rt, half^saVerC'ign into Ilia Suglif hV.ml ( For Tommy dearly lijved money), and urged him to go out and enjoy himself. Tommy took tho half-sovereign, but did not seem in a hurry to leave the Lady's Ward robe. He began to suspect indeed that Mrs. Twiss wanted him for some l-Basoti other Own to ldrtV'e I lie liousn, and this made him very suspicious. At last he did go, but only round the coiner of the next street, where ' he could keep his eye on the Lady's Ward robe.. After waiting a short time he was re warded by seeing a hansom drive up to the door, from which Lady Ennismore de scended. This circumstance alone ; th« fact that L-idy Ennismore had arrived iti a ltaiisom in creased tommy's suspicions. Lady Ennis mora always went there in her own carriage, so why should she go ill a liansom now, Tommy reflected, and he felt convinced there was a mystery about it. . He therefore ap proached his own door a little nearer, but waited quite half an hour before anyone else entered the Lady's Wardrobe. Then, a tall shabby man, who had once been good-looking, but was good-looking no longer, a man worn and weather-beaten, came slouching along tho street, looking at each doorway as he passed, and when ho per ceived the old finery hanging behind Mrs. Twiss' windows he a topped.short and glanced at the name above the shop. This seemed to satisfy him, for lie at once went up the raised steps from the street, and entered at tho door and thus disappeared from Tommy's view. 1 An intrigue, I suppose,' thought Tommy ; ' Martha should not encourage such things ; (Martha was Mrs: T(?isa' cliristlilli ilanie) ' and yet perhaps they pay, but she should have consulted me—but women are full of tricks.' . In the tii[C let us follow the tall weather-beaten, world beaten stranger into Mrs. Twins'presence. This worthy woman was standing behind hercountei watchingforhim, and she gave a slight start, and bit her under lip as ho crossed lier thicsliold. He glanced round quickly as he did so, and thon addressed Mrs. Twiss. ' I came Hpre. to.mqet.fi la'dy V lie said'^ in irtqUiringiyj lookiii'tj at the coHi'eljrstolil:. Visage before him. But the next moment his ex pression changed. ' Why, Lorimer, old girl, is it'actually you? This is a surprise, and yet I might have known Katherino would come to you about anything concerning me if you wore still in the land of the living. Well, how are you ? Butlneed not ask ; why, woman, you are six times the size you wore.' ' I do not quite understand what'you are tr Iking about, sir?' answered Mrs. Twiss, in a reserved and somewhat faltering tono. The stranger upon this winked one of his bloodshot eyes. ' Oh yes; you do noW)' lie said ; ' you un derstand very weii who t atti, iliid &11 about it. I am George Roche, whom you knew long ago, and who was suppo ed to* end his mortal career in the deep seas. 'And you know I have written to Katherino Maiden, your old mistress, now called Lady Ennis more, to tell her I have cast up again, and I've no doubt she is waiting for me hero.' Mrs. Twiss hesitated for a momont, and then she said coldly enough. ' Perhaps you will walk upstairs into the drawing-room, sir, and I'll see if any lady is liore.' The stranger gave a harsh laugh. ' You women are fine actresses,' he said ' ' well, lead the way, Lorimer, and I'll follow.' Mrs. Twiss accordingly led tho way up the staircase to the drawing-room, and having requested the visitor to take a seat, she des cended again and wont behind one of the rows of old gowns hanjing on a cord across the shop, behind which Lady Ennismore was standing with a face so ghastly, so horror stricken, that tho poor woman gave a kind of a cry, and rau forward and took one of Lady Ennismora's cold hands in her own. 1 Oh ! my poor lady,' she whispered, ' I fear it's but too true.' ' It is true,' answered Lady Emismore, in a hoarse changed voice, 1 it is George Roche —Lirimer what shall wo do ?' ' He seems in a poor way ; no doubt we can bribe him,' said Lorimer, still in a whisper, ' there is nothing else for it, my lady.' ' But to see him, to speak to him again !' muttored Lady Ennismore, with a gesture of utter aversion. ' It is too dreadful, too dreadful !' ' Did you bring any money, ray lady ?' asked Lorimer. ' Yes, I have two hundred pounds in notes. 'I would just give them to him, and get rid of him, and agree to give him a small yearly sum,' advised Loijimer, 'and I daresay lie will be satisfied.' Lady Ennismore gave a low moan, as if of anguish. 'I shall never have another happy hour,' she said. ' Try to make the best of it, my lady ; he daren't say much, you know, because—of that affair about the young officer's money long ago.' ' Yes, he is a felon,' answered Lady Ennis more bitterly. 1 But come, do not let us waste time—come with me, Lorimer.' She grasped her old servant's hand as if for support, and together tho two white-faced trembling women went slowly up the stairs, and into the presenco of the man who was waiting for thom. His haggard face flushed a little as they entered, but still with an air of bravado ho held out his hand to Lady Ennismore. ' Well, Katherine, ' he said, ' aft(or long years wo meet again.' But Lady Ennismore shrank from his touch, fixing her eyos with a sort of shrink- I ing horror on his face. I ' You know me again, I supposo ?' inquired tho man, with a short, harsh laugh. ' I am only the ghost of my former self, it's true, but still there's enough of mo left to recog nise, isn't there ?' ' Yes,' said Lady Ennismore, forcing her self to speak, 'you are George Roche.' 1 Your most humble servant to command ! Well, Katherino, you seem to have gone up in the world at the sarno rato I have gone down in it—but still the past is tho past.' ' I believed you dead,' said Lady Ennis more, in a trembling and broken voice ; ' to me you are dead, but still for tho sako of old times I am ready to help you. ' I am much obliged to you,' scoffed Roche; ' for the sake of holding my tongue, I suppose, about a certain little ceremony, a perfectly legal one, too, mind ye, which took place long ago, and of which my friend Lorimer here was witness.' ' You had best not speak of it, sir,' said Lorimer quickly ; ' my lady is willing and able to help you, but you'd beat lot the past alone, or other ugly stories might come up, whioh would bo rather awkward.' , Roche gave a sort of mocking bow. ' Thank you for reminding mo, Lorimer^.f my stupid little mistake, but ho harm crh come to me from that now ; the man Colonel Daubeny is dead, and I don't suppose evon if he had been alive he would havo been vindictive enough to rake up old scores.' ' Still, sir, you must see it's best to let the past alone ; my lady was only a child in those days,and I think with shame now that I acted as I did. Lady Ennismore will, I am sure, allow you a small sum a year, on the condition that the past has never again to be mentioned between yoli,' ahswerbd Lorimer, who was a woman of business, and knew how to make a bargain. Roche gave a harsh laugh in reply. ; 'A small sum a year !' ho B:*id contemp ptuously, ' that won't content me, my good Lorimer. I want a big sum a year for giving up so much.' ' You had better liable yotlr priUc/ snid Lady Jjjiiniaiporo, with grfiafc ■ bttteWJSss;: ' Olio WMitS il lolig price for the loss of a wife and half of a big fortune, Kalherino, However, I'll be moderato. Will you give me a lump sum down of five hundred pounds, and agree to allow me two thousand yearly?' ' I cannot,' answered ICatherine lintiismore with quivoring lips. 'I could not allow you such ft sum without Lord Ennismore's know ledge; aiid he- 1 1 Weil; wiiiit would lie do 5' ' He w ou!d make no bargain with you at all! He is incapable of acting as I am doing now—of buying your silence.' ' That's all very fine.' grumbled Roche, 'buepwhaps, though ho is such a grand gentleman, ha would not like to lose; either you or your fortune without a-struggle ; and you've children, too, haven't you,Katherine?' 'Yes I', and then Lady Ennismore suddenly broke doyynj and fell sobbjuig oil .a cotlch that WAS stahdihg iicar; 1 for their salces I should die before this should be known. I—I would kllf myself 1' ' You ought to be ashamed of yourself, sir,' said Mrs. Twiss, indignantly, 'to act as you're doing. You induced a child long ago to ntjiiitnifc & g^at f illyj Had thud forsook her (U hot time Or Head. Aha - iitiVi', nftef lili these years, you'vo come back to try to tako advantage of you're disgraceful conduct. Don't cry, my dear lady ; givo him the ready money that you've brought, and let him talk reason about the yearly allowancet Tivo hun dred js too iiiubh| but pertinps you would give that?' ' I will give you five hundred a year,' said Lady Eunismore in a voice broken with sobs, 1 on the condition that you keep absolute silence about the past,, and that you keop your present name of Johnson and drop that of" Roche for over. And I have brought two hundred with me, in notes, and will givu you these on the same conditions.1 ' It's too littlo, Katiierino;' said flotihei who felt rather ashamed of himself under tho reproaches ef Mrs. Twiss and the sight of Katherine's tears, ' I didn't mean to forsakt, vou long ago, as you know very well, but that cursed business at tho barracks forced mo to fly, and thero was no help for it.' ' Let it all bo forgotten,' said Lady Ennis more, still in that tear-choked voice, ' As I said beforci you at'u de-id to mo, and for the sake of my dear husband and children ohly 1 am acting as I am doing to-day. I will give you the sum I named ' 1 Make it a thousand a year, and I'll take it, and hold my tongue. And as for the name of Roclie, cui'se it, it never brought me any luck until liow.and I am ready enough to drop it fop good. c5u let Us strike il bilrglliii —give me tho two hundred now, and pay a quarterly income of a thousand a year into some batik we can fix on to the name of George Johnson, and I'll promiso not to interfere SitlM fritli j<«U or Lord Eunismore —but I won't take less 1' 'Very well, You shall havo it. Lorimer will arrange about the bank with you, and I will givo her the money to pay in to your account. Give him this, Lorimer,' and L->dy Ennismore drew out a roll of notes from her carriage bag, ' and—and now will you go.' ' But I must have it in black and. white 1' ' Do you doubt my word?^ said Lady Ennis more, raising her head indignantly. .'I agree to pay it to you.' , 'Cutcome, my lady, that's nob. business,' said ito'cliy fo'tigfii^ entiugh;. for 1/ady Snnis more's haughty maiiher TrtltSied Jiimj li^p: pose you were to kick the bucket before I do, what then ? I must havo a written agree ment-, signed by your hand, and ft stamped agreement top, that on account of keeping somo family secrets I have to have an allowance of a thousand, a year for life, to bo paid by you or your executors, or heirs. I will draw tho agreement up, will you sign it ?' ' Yes,' said Lady Ennismore, and a shudder nf shrinking aversion passed through her frame, and she turned away her litad as if tho sight of this fallen and degraded man were hateful to her. ' We've settled it then ; thanks, old girl, for handing tiie iiior.oy;.1 (this was addressed to Mrs. Twiss, who had piaced the foil of notes in his hand). ' Well, Catherine, we made a bad business of it long ago, so I hope our second bargain may do better. - By-the bye, what about tho child, did your mother stranglo it as I suggested in my letter?' 'It is dead,' said Lady Ennismore in a low forced tone, and Again she shuddered. ' Wa had better part now,' she added and Bhe rose. 'Good-bye, then,' and Roche held out his hand, but: Lady Ennismore drew back. 1 What, not shake hands ? Come, I call that cool; well, never mind, I can do with out it. I will call on Lorimer here to-morrow, and bring tho agreement ready to be signed, and she can transact the business between us, as we know how trusty she was long ago, eh Katherine ? Good-bye, old girl,'he added, holding out his hand to Mrs. Twiss, nho took it from motives of prudenco, and then in his slouching way Roche moved to the room door and opened it, just a moment after Mr. Twiss, who had been listening outside with his ear to the keyhole, had time to escape. Mr. Twiss had indeed conceived it his duty to see what was going on under his roof, and had followed Roche into tho lady's wardrobe, and stolen upstairs to tho drawing room door while the interview between Lady Ennismore and Roche was going on, and from what ho overheard ho considered he had come into what ho called a 'good thing.' He fled as Roche opened the drawing-room door to the upper regions of the house, and listened while Roche descended the staircase, and the next minute loud and hysterical sobs fell on his ears. ' Ho, he,' chuck.'ed Mr. Twiss, 'my lady doesn't liko parting with her monoy seemingly.' r, In tho meanwhile the unhappy woman in the drawing-room had broken down in an utter paroxysm of shamo, almost of despair. 'I must havo been mad, mad Lorimer !' she cried. ' A wretch like that—a low, sor did wretch—and now my dear ones at home! Oh, my God, if ho should injure them !' ' Hush, hush, my lady,' said Lorimer, 'he'll hold his tonguo for tho money, no fear of him ; that sort would sell their souls if they'd got them to dispose of.' {To be Continued.) 