THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stum* ach,'' said a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars (.C-09,000) is a deal of money, "but he was not able to buy the article eveu at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin; of Xo. 3, Poplar How, Parley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall toll it iu his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say : "Up to eight years ago I had never lost an horn's1 work through [sickucss. Iu December, 18S-, whilst living at Beeston, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I.I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would till with water and slime, the lat ter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my lingers. My cliest used to c fill up' Jand my throat would swell so I could't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a groat deal, chiefly a ycllowish-grccn phlegiu. I had a nicking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at thciiose.andthc blood rushed i out of my cars. I became exhausted and shortof breath, and had to call the doctor, and was iu i bed five or six weeks. " I thcu wcut its out-patient to the Xotting lium Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little hotter. I got so thin that I w.is like a ghost walking about, ami my friends said it was all up witli me. For eigh teen 'Mouths I kept getting better, then worse and at last the doctors recommended 111c to try ;t change of air. So I came to Parley Abbey and my former master gave me an imtcor re commendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds m the hospital were full, aud I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Perby. The first one said, ' You am in a gallopingjconsumption, and must die1;tlio other doctors, after sounding my lungs aud chest, said nothing but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master al lowed me to do what little I could in bis gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this uutU December 1888, when 1 caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was al ways coughing and spitting up phlegm, some times as much as a tcacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would , choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy* sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, hut was so weak I had to hike hold of the furniture to move a few j*ards, I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and had no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing hut skin and hone—and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, aud tho children at play quite upset me. u The doctor kept on attending rnc, but he said, ' I can do no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs arc diseased*' I then gave over taking his mcdiciuc and tried every thing I could hear of* One thing was a cough cure from!Loudou that cost 22s a bottle. But nothiugdid any good, and my friends who came to see me said, * Well, you won't cough muchlonger, you have merely to prepare for another world.' - " About tlie middle of March, 1S89, a neigh bor muncd Joseph Tatliaui, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup r' and told me how lie had been cured after being m the hospital. ITc spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion black as ink, and vomited. Then: I fell asleep anil felt rested when -1-awoke. After talcing tho medicine for three days tuy breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a fews days more I was able to go out: for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told liim, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at ouce, aud have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six mouths I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to tho publication of this remarkable statement Mr Gaskiu requests us to referhll doubters to him or to Mr Kcetly, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tlio facts alleged. Mr Gaskiu has lived at Darley Abbey, -- years and bears an excel lent reputation. ' ; 