Literary Chitchat. DIARIST OR INTERVIEWER? London Punch was, I fancy, the first of the Old Conservatives to discover and to impale upon the lethal needle that free-winged irresponsible flutterer known in modern journalism as the Interviewer. The Interviewer, however, if he only knew it, has a genealogy second to none of the heavier species of scribe. He had a place, though not a name, in the mo3t ancient of ancient worlds. The chroniclers wero of a reoognised guild whilst he was but a news errant. All the same, though, they were no better than his henchmen, for it was the stories he gatherod which tbey " lived laborious days" to insoribe on the papyrus, to illuminate on the parchment, or, further back still, to grave upon the flinty rock. It was the Interviewer who so inflamed the feminine inquisitiveness of the Queen of Shoba that she made her memorable pilgrimage— most notable of royal progresses —to the uncon sidered little kingdom where sate Solomon in all his glory. The fact that " the half had not been told" her makes it an absolute certainty that her informant was a practised and prudent individual of the variety named. For those who act as newsbearers and narrators to the Oriental Sovereign have always found it needful to exer cise some self-restraint in the matter of descrip tion. The Eastern potentate is of a suspicious nature, and is particularly apprehensive of the loss of dignity involved in being fooled by the professional marvel-monger. His jealousy, too, of far-off states and foreign princes is always of the liveliest. These considerations, taken with that of his extreme hastiness in ordering off heads and the zeal and dexterity of his minions, have tended, from time immemorial, to render the position of the Interviewer whose lot in life it is to inform and to divert him one of some anxiety. If the Queen of Sheba had been told quite all about Solomon the chanoes are that she would not have bolieved a word of it, the travelled gossip would have pointed a moral and adorned a stake by the Queen's high way, and the groat king would have gone with out the " apes and peacocks." The restraints of Levantine despotism aro happily unknown to the Western Interviewer, and his fine fancy may be supposed thereforo to enjoy a somewhat freer play._ Still he is in many ways hampered in hia beneficent career. For one thing, he is obliged to commit himself to paper. In the "earlier better day" it was rightly thought enough to bo able to tell his story by word of mouth without having to be at the pains to set it down in laboured hieroglyphic or cuneiform soript. This, besides being a saving in time, enabled the interviewor to disclaim responsibility for any portion of a statement to whioh it might afterwards prove indiscreet to have given currency. But "tho written word remains," and those who furnish it are bound, for their own sakes, to be oareful. The Interviewer, although, as has been shown, no new—and therefore to the ultra-conservative mind presumably despioable—thing, but in reality an institution hoary and hallowed with honourable age, is by no means regarded with the favour and respeot which are universally accorded to the Diarist. The Interviewer, in deed, is commonly looked upon a3 rather a poor creature, while the Diarist is elevated to some thing of a pedestal. The Diarist may say what he will. There is an admitted flavour of recognised antiquity about his name and office, and he is always and everywhere a chartered libertine. Pepys and Evelyn may chatter to their hearts' content behind tho backs of those of their day and generation, and none will presume to find fault. It is "dear old Pepys" and "quaint delightful Evelyn" at every turn. The Due de St. Simon may avenge himself in a thousand pitiless pages for the slights endured in the court and camp of the Grand Monarque. Yet no one presumes to whisper of breach of hospitality, betrayal of confidence, infringement of the unwritten la£ of friendship and of loyalty. Grenville, of onr fathers' day, could smile and smile and be a— Diarist, and nobody, so far, has dared to say that he ought to have been ashamed of himself. If duels wero ever fought in Hades what a BUrfeit of affairs of honour must the ghosts of most of the great men-diarists have found awaiting tbem on their entrance thither I For my part if I were one of your grand or famous ones of the earth and had to choose whether the lordly Diarist or the humble Inter viewer should have the picking of my bones I would decide in favour of the Interviewer. One oan at least bring in a brother artist from an opposition shop to give him the lie. But the Diarist has the last word always. It is he and not the other who spits upon one's grave. 