CHAPTER XVI.-IN NEW QUABTEBS. i At last the time of young Stuart Earle s first long leave was over, and be went to Blankhampton to join his regiment, v?ben for several months his life was certainly not of the most pleasant kind, and was very different from any experience be had had before, . .. , , . For one thing he had made a bad impres sion at his very first appearance among them on each and all of his brother officers, from bis1 commanding officer down to the latest joined subaltern, so that everyono of them was on the look- out for the smallest sign of tbat " cheek" which every man of them felt it was bis personal and particular duty to try to eradicate;. A difficult task even for the united strength of a ; whole regiment, for Tommy's, native bounce was apparently of unlimited quantity^ as bounce it was of the very first water. So far as his manners in the mess-room were concerned, he was in an incredibly abort time wbat Beautiful Jim called " licked into shape," but in other ways Tommy proved himself to be incorrigible I For instance, he never could be brought to see that in Blankhampton society be was in any way inferior to his senior officers, and even in the palace of the Lord Bishop him self he made no more ado. about openly chaffing Beautiful Jim or telling an absurd tale at the Major's expense, than he did of flirting with little Violet Leslie, who was barely out of the school-room. Indeed, bafore six months had gone by, Tommy had the name of being the most impudent young cub who had ever graced the Blankshire Regiment or the old city of Blankhampton by his presence. It must be owned tliat the women had had a good deal to do with it-tlioy utterly Bpoilt him, for they allowed him to take almost any liberties that'he choose, partly because be was' so actually beautiful in person, partly because lie was the last of a very old and rich and eminently distin guished race. And Tommy, as Beautifnl Jim truly said, was utterly spoilt by all the adulation and flattery which was lavished upon him, simply because his head wonld not stand it, any better than it was able to stand a single extra glass of wine. It wis strange that this foolish child did not realise that his best interests for the future lay with the officers of his regiment, rather than with the ladies of the town in which he was quartered. Yet it was so t Not a day passed, if ho was not on duty, that as soon as he was free from work he did not go off to some feminine charmers, and be neither could hot , or would not understand that''the follows" objected to going to tea-parties where Tommy was the central figure, to dinners where Tommy monopolised the whole of. the conversation, and to dances where Tommy's audasious flirtations made him thd observed of all observers. But though Tommy did not become very popular in his regiment he was popular enough in the town to satisfy any ordinary craving after the approval of the many. He became, after the first few weeks, the intimate friend of all classes-he was " Tommy" foom one end of Blankhampton to the other. Beautiful Jim did his best, but his influence went a very short way, for his advice was anything but palatable to the last of the Earles, and it must indeed be a very strong and firm will which can follow the most excellent advice in the world if it is unpleasant, to the exolusion of all that makes life worth having, a muoh stronger will than Tommy was blessed with. In truth, all Tommy's strength of purpose went in an opposite direction, that of serving his own ends and gratifying his own sense of pleasure. " Look here, you j[oung beggar," said Jim one day to him, being moved thereto not by any desire to do Tommy good, but by an uncomfortable feeling that she would be grieved if she could see all that went on in Blankhampton society, " if you go on like this, what do you mean to come to-hey?" Tommy looked up with his own unabashed gaze. "What on earth have I been doing to upset you now ?" he demanded. " Well, I saw you myself kiss no fewer than three women last night," Beautiful Jim growled. " The greater fools they to let you." " Like to have been there yourself, eh ?" remarked Tommy flippantly. If Beautifnl Jim felt half as contemptuous as he looked at that moment, he must have attained to the very furthest limits of dis dain, for his ugly faoe seemed petrified with unutterable disgust. '* Like to have been there," he repeated. ." Why, you young idiot, do you suppose there's a single women, married or maid, in the whole of Blankhampton, that would give you so rqijcb ap a look if I took the trouble to be civil to her ? Blpsa you, child, don't flatter yourself. Why, it's bec^u?e these women think you're suoh a baby-suoh a nothing-such a non-dangerous Borap of humanity-that they make you let the young show of yourself that you do. But what I want to know is, what tho devil do you mean to someto?" I -'Well really, .Jim," Tommy replied, | with a certain " last of the Earles " haught iness "in his tone, "it seems to me you re troubling yourself in a very unnecessary way about my private affairs, and " But Beautiful Jim had broken into shouts of derisive laughter. "Tommy, Tommy, you'll be the death of me yet-you will, indeed," he said. " Your private affairs why, bless me, child, the last-joined sub hasn't got any private affairs except t m 'applying' for leave. Private afiairs, indeed! Well, its too lovely, that-simply too lovely." _ , Tommy looked blandly blank, " I flare say its very funny, Jim," he said, easily, " but where's the joke? " '. "The joke? in yourself, Tommy, my. child, and yon can't be expected,, to see it. But, after that, Jim gave up trying to, keep the lad from; making a fool o£ himself with the Blankhampton women, and gained nothing whatever by the attempt he had made, except to make Tommy firmly believe from that time forward, that the senior subaltern was eaten alive with jealousy of him.: And if he had only known that Beautiful Jims whole heart and mind was wrapped up in liisown sister! If he he had only known that to him, he--Tommy -was , simply nothing but an impudent young cub whose only claim to interest, or; even notice, lay in .fact he was the brother' of that insignifibant and not- to- be-counted. creature, Nancy Earle-well, it would have helped to take down the young, gentlemen's; idea of his own greatness and his own im portance marvellously. 1 Unfortunately, however, Jim had not during all those months, the ghost of a chance of furthering his position with Nancy, almost immediately after Tommy, joined thefregiment, Mr. Earle was seized with somewhat severe attack of bronchitis, and by the orders of his medical advisers was on the very fiirst opportunity ordered off to the sunny shores of the Mediterranean, there to stay until the very last east wind of our ungenial spring-time should have taken its departure from his native shores. It had aeon a bitter blow to him, but' it was useless to fight against fate, though he tried hard for foreign leave, he was, owing to various rumoiirs of disturbance floating about the country at the time, unable to get it. , ... . ? So the-to him-dreary and profitless winter days dragged over, and he only lived in anticipation of the good and joyous time to come, wheii he would have put a certain question to Nancy Earle, and she ; would have Baid '1 yes," and given herself to him for ever. Some men might have had a doubt lest she might, say "no" but Beautiful Jim had no Buch misgivings, and it never entered his head that it was possible-she might refuse him-never once. At the beginnning on March, a certain part of the Blankshire Regiment was sent from Blankhampton to Walmsbury, there to remain for at least six months. The officer in command was Owen, who had lately got his troop, Beautiful Jim, a youngster called Manners, and, to his own unutterable and: inexpressible disgust,-the last of the Earles: -Tommy. Just at first h6 was rather elated at the prospect of a change. There was something jaunty and soldiery about marching out; colours fiying, baud'playing, and a dozen broken hearts behind them and for a few: hours Tommy went airly round announcing that they were off to Walmsbury next week, I with a " fresh fields.and pastures new*' air ' about him that was irresistibly funny to to those of his brother-officers who knew what manner of place Walmsbury really was. ' ' But the elation of this young Alexander, longing for more worlds to conquer, did not last long. From " the fellows" he learnt nothing; indeed, for any information he would of had from them he would have remained in' the ignorance ,whioh is bliss, doubly so in this case, until he reached Walmsbury itself; but in Blankhampton it was different. V Going to Wal'nisbiiry " cried one lady.to whom he told his news with a very " girl-1 leave behind me " >sort of air, " Oh, you poor dear boy, what a shame! Why, you'll be buried alive in Walmsbury. There's nothing to do and nowhere to go, and not'a soul in the place that you can possibly know. No sooiety whatever." "Oli ! I don't know, Mrs. Fairlie," said Tommy, trying not to look as if his jaw was dropping peroeptibly, yet with an uncomfor trble sort of feeling that the lady, who was quite a small sooial celebrity in her way in Blankhampton, was light in what she said, " there must be plenty of good people round about." " My dear boy, none," returned Mrs. Fairlie, with an emphasis whioh killed the last remnant of jauntiness left in him. " Not a soul who will (take the very smallest notice of you." " Take the smallest notice of me!" echoed Tommy, feeling as if an earthquake had suddenly rent the ground under their very feet. ... . "Yes of you! Everybody who is any body in the neighbourhood of Walmsbury," Mrs. Fairlie answered with uncompromising straitforwardness, "is so horribly rich that they only count their incomes by millions, and daughters dots by hundreds of thousands Old families like your own they only regard as useful in having got together fine country plaoes for them to buy! and as for any one of you to dinner-why, they would almost as soon ask their sweep. Oh! My dear child, I assure you in going to Walms bury," you'll find yourself in no bed of roses," It ooourred to Tommy at this njonient that Mrs. Fairlie was rather what he called " piling it on." So Blie was, but not for the reason that he suspected. In truth, having set up for being quite the professional beauty of Blankhampton, and having been attended here and there by her own particular " mash " (I must use the slang of the day sometimes, for what other word or combi nation of words, express so fully and clearly tfye exact soft of friendliness conveyed by the word " mash?") in the shape of Oolonel Qoles, she had, Bince stern duty had sent that gay and gallant old gentleman off to other climes, Ijeen without, or almost with out, that'desirable article of modern feminine equipment, and it was rather hard on her that the blithe and bonny Leslie girls should invariably go about the quaint old city with men in attendance in galore; Tommy Earle, with his good- old family, his beautiful ingenius young face, his happy impudence, and his devil-may-care air, would have suited her down to the ground, not as a sub stitute for but as an improvement on, the gallant old gentleman removed-arid Bhe had expressed, or at least intimated her decision to Tommy at a very early stage of their acquaintance. But Tommy had greatly preferred the bonny young Leslie girls to the middle-aged lady of provincial fashion, who had once been pretty and now posed as a beauty in consequence, and so she " piled it on " as high as she possibly could in recounting the disadvantages of Walmsburyas a military quarter. " But, Mrs. Fairlie," said Tommy, when he could get. his breath so as to speak, «»have you ever been.to Walmsbury ?'' ? 1 ; " Never,'.' returned the lady, promptly. ; Tlien how do you; know all this ?" he enquired triumphantly. , . ' "From the unfortunate men who have been quartered there," she replied im mediately, and Tommy was crushed forth with., But Mrs "Fairlie was only the first of many who condoled with him on the mis fortune of being sent to a place so uncouth, so unattractive in every way as Walmsbury. Thus the young Alexander's thoughtssand' ideas underwent a complete revolution, and, by the time half the week-the last week in Blankhampton-was over, bis indignation and disgust at his - fate had positively reached their furtaest5 limits. And then when they got to the hated place and he found himself in his own miserable deserted quarters, he became simply abject. When he saw the dirty unattractive streets, the pokey little shops, the ill-looking (men and women, and the utter absence of any and every sort of rank and fashion," he fell into a settled misery of regret. ' . / For the' first time since lie had joined his regiment, Touajny regretted sincerely, that he had not,*hen he had the chance, made himself more popular with his brother' officers than he had done. For 'he found Walmsbury no better than a prison, the very end of the earth, the abomination of desolation I Moreover, lie was fairly thrown on his beam: ends for lack of feminine society. : ' ' . ? . It would be difficult formelto truly,des cribe how bis soul sickened and yearned for. tho crowd'of pretty and iwell- dressed women1 he had known in Blankhampton, the women with aristocratio and pretty; drawing-rooms, in which he had his own special seat, and where he had been waited on like a young, god-how lie missed the good! balls,; the luxurious club, the grand old Parish with; its tall towers and its stately ceremonious services-how he missed the: gay shops and the pleasant dinners, and the innumerable tea-parties 1 Yes, he missed them all with a fierce .resentment such as made Walmsbury and-, everything in it hateful: to him . and many: were the ' un favorable comparisons: which he: drew; between them as he stalked sullenly through the narrow and dingy ill-kept.streets;,of the little manufacturing town to the club, where theae was never a soul excepting ' a few millionaires playing whist for shilling points who took no more notice of him-the last} of the Earles-than if lie liad beon one of their own tactory liands, and displayed nono ot that adulation which 'they would have shown him if he had been one of those same factory haiids who had been hard-headed' enough and close-fisted'enough to sorape a fortune together! ' V fn '1' / ' And these people live here'from one end of their lives to the other,"'Tommy; cried one day as lie crossed the road, from; the barraoks to the Oommissariat- office, encoun tering a stream of oily hot-looking' factory hands jiist let out of the mills,on'the way home " Go on rom year's end to year's end; know ing nothing different. -.'Good God 1 what an end to live for ''-and '.then he had to go ;on his wa,y and sign a report that the bread for the' day' was sour and hot sufficiently baked and then.on I poor Tommy,to'sit'dowri.inhis bare and hideous room-tor1 he 'h^d 'never had the heart to try a,nd make it look even habitable-and write a duty letter'to' his sister Nancy i Poor Tommy it "was' avlorig fall end a hard fate, froih the cosy ' drawing rooms and the charming: women oh which his memory dwelt so; fondlyi to' the' stern reality of life at Walmsbury, of which' the chief incidents^ were insufficiently baked bread and a duty letter td his sister Nancy 1 And, as the natural result, of all this,'it was not very long'before Master'Tommy Earle got into very, urimistakablb'1'mischief indeed. _ :''V' 