. NOVEL. A Fair Blockade Breaker. BYT. C. DE LEON. CHAPTER XII. — Continued. 'But~Bhonld any one obance to come ? ' In that impossible case, . one woman might perhaps be Bafer than . two,' sho ana. .wered, -with one of her rare, smiles. 'Tour .deteotion would be rain.' ? ? t ' But I oannot leave you unprotected.' 1 | lata not? . The smile lingered; and she ? ?.--V pointed to the tcvolver lying on the dresHer. i 'But no ono will come : 'tis absurd to think of it* Ton must go ? I gave my solemn pledge ? to Btiss. She will be so anxious ' about— — me 1' ' The man still argued, protested, wavored. The woman was gentle; lint firm, unyield ing. 80, finally, and with reluotant feet, he moved towards the 'hidden1 horse, hitobing up, in haste and with assistance, at strap and btiokle, from little handB as deft as they were taper. For the rncon was low in the west, throwing deep, long thadows from the treoe, as McKee mounted tho seat and held . out his hand. ? ? ? I must obey you,' ho said, half sheep ishly, 'SB you. insist so strenuously. Go down toon to the oreek. God watch ana »peed you, Miss Clay ! You are the bravest woman I ever met.' * May He keep iand proteot, yon, .Willie MeKod 1* she answered, warmly. VI.o.we yPtt & debt, that' words cariuot'express. .Good-by J and may Bessie reward 'you always, for loyalty to her friend !' ?She stood wrapped in deep thought, as he turned into the roadway, trotting rapidly northward. Then she turned slowly to the cabin, and sunk into a chair, again ques tioning the coals as to the future and — the paat. As MoKoo turned into the road, two \- dimly- outlined figures, in shadow of the trees, moved noiselessly farther into the eJWOodB. Both peered out intently at the P.HBgipK trap and its strange oroupfint, b^it , ibaul.S'eanaiutd silent as ghostB until they . tattled out of eight. I A n oman ! What oan it meanF' ono queried. 'It is all right/ the other answered. ?That is Carroll Meredith's trap, and, 1 ' think, his old servant. She must be there !' , He pointed to the dull-glowing window of the cabin j and both men, still keeping olose in the skirt of the woods, crept noiselessly np Bnd poered into it, eagerly. .''/She iathbre !.. Let's ? ' tlio first speaker began) bno firizr bjind oyer bis : mouth, tlie other pulling him down; beneath the sill, a» 1 M(lssO!|iy quickly turned her tyeB from fuv .to window. . - , 'Ami growing n'-rvr.usp' she said to ?v , herself, with a halt- smile. ' I really fancied . v . I heuida whisper there. Carolyn Clay, 1 \ oin ashamed of your oowardioe !' \ The two shadowy figures had withdrawn \ to some distance, the first speaker again to ? Sbteak silenoe. ,V ' Why, not P' ho whispered, eagerly 'The yjoast is dear. Let me go in and speak- ? ' ' First, let me remind yon to remember fcour pledge,' the other broke in. 'I must bB in the oity by dawn. You are to go clone; lmt I hold you to your oath, in spirit a» in lotter 1 Remember I Absoluto silenoe ? ' ?? Not even to ? ' ?To none, save to him! One v.hupor, one' hint, might ruin all More liven to an yours und mine depend upon it ' _ 'I will obey,' was the answer. 'God knows I can never cancel my debt to you ! ? - 'Without uiy oath, your wish would be my law. I will be silent end obey.' ?Enough! I trust you.' He held out bis hand.. , His oompanion grasped it, standing quite still, as it was withdrawn — with'Bome- thing -like a groun — and the. man passed rapidly away into tlio Bhadows. A moment later, Miss Olay again started, — this time to her feet. There was no mis take; a step sounded without, approaohing the oabin. QuioWy the girl grasped tho revolver, levelling ii, as a soft tap sounded on tho door. A aharp oliok sounded warning simultaro \- ously with hor oalm call, — ? Oomo in P The door swung slowly open ; and tho ? firelight showed hor a stalwart figure, dressed in the very height of loudest fighlon. Then a ory broke from her lips; and nest instant ('he was folded in the arms of Evan JFauntleriy ! CHAPTER XIII. JK OAMT 1I0ET0N. ?? : PaokeS In companions in mieoty, on the prison-train, that frosty Baltimore Sun- . day, Evan Fauntlorty had wrapped himself iu hie now-found ulstor and dosed his oyoa. But wido-avrako thoughtB peopled his brain; und frequently his band orept to tlie iodioa- i ted pocket, feeling for tho suspicious paper barely doteoted under t:,o hoavy clotli. But, through wurp and woof, tho littlo paper actually burned tho anxious boy. ? Wns it n hint to cnoapo ? he thought. If so, perbapn ho was losiDg tho pruoioiiB moment. N - ; it must bo nows of Carolyn Clay,— how sho had managed to, olndo her careful captors. Or poihapa that paper was a trap, only to 'lure him to deteotion and rougher treatment. No, indeed ! The eyes of the girl had told him ho obnld truBt the writer. And what oyeB they wore ! Ho could fee them now, through his olosed lids ; ' and he rambled in thought after that ro mance, as the Bun sank lowor in that west towards whioh tho train was whirling him -o fast. With tho fading light, anxiety enmo buck, and ho felt, onoe moro. for tho paper, eagerljr, but cautiously, slipping his hand in tho pocket and breakingjtho threads ivhoro they felt weakost. Then, with oyeB fastened upon the sleepy guard, ho opened a cheap Biblo, tossed in to him by a spinster with corksorow cu'ls at a stopping-place. His oye, aimlessly dropped upon the page, oaugbt I Kings xviii 21, — ' How long halt ye between two opinions f— and the thought flashed into bis brain, ' An omen ! I will aeoupt it 1' But the guard looked in hia direotion; and, hesitating, he again glanced Ht the turned page, and road; — Proverbs xxviii, 1, — ? ' The wicked flee when no man pursueth : but tho righteous are bold as a lion.' Hehitant no longer, he oantionsly slipped tbo pencilled sornp from pockot to Bible, preying v smooth between the leaves. Then, in tho dying sunset, ho read : ' Konp bravo heart. Wo will moet sonn. You will rtcogi izo me by tho words ' Wo iiivve met, before, boy !' You aro ? going to Cump Morton. I plan your rolease^if God wills.' A load seemed to press on tho boy'a brain, mailing him dizzy, aB lio road the last words. Among tho many dreadful prison-pons, Camp Morton was accounted the very worst, anil hideous tu'los^— perhaps exaggerated in ;r unfit oven beyond tho hideous reality— had ?Tcpt aoroBS th'3 border as to its- privationB *nd horrors. He was going to O^imp Morton ! Memory recalled those wrote he: 1 wro'jbs.of what had -nco been men, exchanged after months /.f ltugerin^ torment thero. And the clack cluck of th9 wheels beneath hira eeemed' to form into words of those tales told.- '-To Gimp Morton ! to misery, cold, otarvatiori, — to living dnith,- — for how long ? And again liis eye fell upon cho paper, tho pencilling blank in tho dimmed l'ghi, but just above .the edge the words of John viii. 32 standing dear : . * Tho tiut.h shall mako you free.' Tho natural elamioity of youth, aidod much in hi? case by temperament, changed the color of the boy's thoughts: . ' Ouo pen is bad as another, perhaps ; and it may not be for long. He may have power to perform as w..dl as promise. Well, to make either effective, hore goes!1 Aiid, bending over the book, l e caught the light paper on his tongue, crushing out of it, be tween strong teeth, all semblance of a message. N.xt night saw him entered on tho roll of prisoners at Camp Morton, a flat Fquaro of noma twenty aores, formerly used as ea'.tle fair grounds. It was then surrounded by a Biookado twonty feet high, pierced by one Kreat gato at tho north, near which lay head- quarters and the guard-house. Out side this stonkado ran a platform, lower tbanitB top; and about this paced an unbroken line of sentinels, whoso heads and Bhoulders only showed above tho fence. Within, a huge moat, twenty feet wido and half as deep, adding security against a'.tompted escape ; while refleotor lamps, at interval*, gave sentries, themselves in shadow, dear view of the snow-olad enolosure. Old cattle-peas, long, low, and dismal, were the barraok*?, for prisoners, their up right plank hides bo shrunken by ago and weather as to give far more ventilation than was safe for life, with tempcraturo varying abont zero. Four tiers of rough shelves, .'^aarcotbreo feet between, fi.rmed the bunks, in which wretched men orouohed by night, ? 'and most of the day as well, — for warmth, wodgrd in ' raoon-fashion ' aud shivering : under suoh hlahkets as oaoh ' mess' oould hi,'i ape together. Two cold, dreary, endless-seeming days wiro away. The sights and sounds about Evau, uidei! by the long- drawled tales of bopelepB men crouched over scanty embers, began to wear upon the boy's brave: spirit. ?Already his eye had lost its bright boldness, Knd a heavy weight pressed ' upon his heart, that the longest wfttoh upon lonely pioke't, ihe most wearing lying still under fire, btd never hinted to it When ho looked npou tho thinga about him, — fam'shed, bloodless, hopeless remnants of what htid once been men like himself, ? then upon tbat, high etookado, with eager eyed sontinels pacing abort- ictorvalled posts urQutid it, Evan's spirit fell, aud ha grew eiok with holplssfneBB. Ho felt that the ir.otto of the Italian might well bo reared above that tt- ong and guarded pato : ' Zasci tperamaZwitek' enlraie .' ? i, , ?' Then, on tho third morning, all 'was stir und but. tie betimes. Men were ordered iuto ranks at reveille, sick or well, many Bcarce able to stand, from illness and starvation, eoino of them but half olud and wholly shoe less, and well-nigh frozen, as they shivered for hours in that pieroing sir, in half a foot of snow. Grim, unshaven, with matted hair and filthy shreds of clothing, a gruesome hideous parade of misery they ? made ; for the rare oxcpption. was ho who had one deoent gar ,'neut, »'iid did not share that with nanscouB .vermin, bred of unoleanliness and-want of ohange. Bur, now tho prison. icBpeotintr ofiioer had eomn ; for the bettor manhood andi'indo pendenee of the press, learning tho hidden fnnts of i-ome of the worst prisons, had not fufled to turn the stronger light upon their abupes. And so grave . and circumstantial, hud grown the rnnetilinn of press demand f r reform, that Mr. Linooln himsolf tiok nr.to of it. . ? Thon, as was ever tho oase when that stron.', quaint humanity in tho President was roused by wrong, the War Departments ordered inspection, olose, investigation, and report. And General' Baldwin— en route to this special duty when tho pri»onora had halted in B-ltimore streets the previous Sunday— now entered tho Camp «Morton tlrmkndn, followed hy a small staff. Tho obsr.quious major in command, gorge ous iu new uniform, moved bv his side with Mil exaggerated deference all the more nota ble from his usual self- importance. But very grave and stern wero tho veteran's sot lips, as he turii' d often to tho aide bosido him, ipslrueting entries in the book he bore. But out of the grave, firm face tho eyes clcaraed pifviiig and surprised along that long and hideous line ; and moro than oooo thoy lingered long and puinfully upon some objeot moro pleading than its neighbor in tho suffering stamped upon bent framo'iind worn faoo. Oneo the veteran turned abrupt ly to the aide, ousting in mid -flow some unheard comment of the prison commandant with tho quick, impulsive speeob, — ' ' My God 1 captain, we have both been somewhat in the front ; I havo hoard of tho 'horrors of war,' but never have T.Bten' thorn, until now !' , . '. Behind tho general strode a tall, soldierly man, wrapp d in a long oloak, but wearjng neither plumo nor rank-marks on his hat~ As tKo inspcotion halted in froht of Evan's sqnad. this man moved nearer, and, saluting snid loud and clearly, — ' ' The McHonry prisoners wd saw in Bal timore on Sunday, sir.' (to ito oontiwukd.) 