OPERA HOUSE-CURRENT CASH. On Saturday night the Opera Houso was re opened for the purpose of a new dramatic season during the Christmas festival period by the- members of tho Miss Marian Willis Company. Tho play selected for tho occasion was Current Cash, of which Miss Sara Oliver holds tho Aus- tralian rights, ihe lending lady mentionod was supported by Mr. A. W. Boothman, Mr. Harry Stoiielmni, Mr. Newton Griffiths, Mr. Cam- bourne, Miss Lindley Ivoutz, Miss lluth Gray and others not unfamiliar to Melbourno audiences. The attendanco was somewhat limited except in the stalls, which were fairly filled. Current Cash was played in Melbourno some years ago. It is essentially emotional and inelo-dramafcic, with a tendency ta the lachrymose. It consists of a prologue and four acts, the scone being laid in Afghanistan at the : opening, and subsequently in England. The story is not devoid of interest. Cap tain Mark Milton, in the course of tho campaign of the British in support of tho olaimof Abdulraman to the throne of Cobul, has been charged with disoboying orders and coward ice ; and, infuriated at the injustice of the alle gation, he strikes his superior officer, is court martiailed, convicted and sentenced to death. Iu tho openiug sceno of the prologuo the con demned man is visited by his wife and child, Sybil, who have just arrived from home, and who are kopfc in fgnoranco of tlio doom awaiting him. -Captain Milton is possessed of consider able property, and asks a brother officer to write his will according to his dictation, and in this ho bequeaths everything to his wife aud daugh ter. Tlio major is an arrant villain, and conceives tho diabolical design of securing the property for himself. This, ho does by forging a second will ' in his own favor, and getting tho captain to sign the document, which is duly attested and placed in the major's custody, not, however, without liis nefarious action being witnessed by Private Bowies niul Eybil, Captain Milton's child. Milton is executed at the close of tlio prologue, and in the first scene of tho drama all tiie characters are found transferred to Eng land, where they are again brought together after the lapse of 10 years. In the meantime, Major Challis. having obtained probate to the win, takes possession of the property, while Milton's widow and daughter are loft penniless and obliged to resort to tho drudgery of sewing for a bare subsistence. A niece, Miss Daisy Challis, lives with tho major and is affianced to tlio Rev. Lincoln Green, an idiotic clergyman, not unlike tho Rev. Sir. Spalding iu The Private Secretary. Daisy, however, is self willed, and prefers the Hon. Harry Chafferton, greatly to the chsgriu of her uncle. Mrs. Milton and Sybil settle iu tho locality and reside in one of the major's houses on tho property. This circumstance also helps to render him greatly annoyed and uneasy lest his infamous conduct should be exposed. Mixed up in a dramatic action aro Private Bowles, a comical creature who "ghosts" Challis for mouey as tho price of his not betraying tho secret of tho will, ulso a one-eyed mun called Tho Unknown, who is very eccentric in his manners and appearance, hut kind and generous to tbo widow Milton. The major is badgered on all sides. Bowles's blackmailing is bettered by The Uuknown. Daisy and Cimll'ertou insist on marrying iu opposition to his wishes. Mr. Lin coln Green declares his undying attachment for Sybil, and alio heartily reciprocates his advance on account, not of his wealth butof his numerous excellent qualities. In an attempt to fasten a charge of theft upon Mrs. Milton tiie villain falls into the embraces of tho polico authorities, when he is mado to suffer the consequences of his delinquencies, tho young couple are happily united, and the amiable widow discovers in The Unknown ono whom she had loved in earlier days, and thought buried in tho defiles of Afghanistan. There are several effective situations in the piece, which is described in tho bills as a "great spectacular, military, emotional and humorous drama," but the size of the stage and the paucity of tlm auxiliaries rather detracted from the efforts of tho stage inanoger to do full justice to tho scenes, a remark which applies with special force to tho military execution which takes placo at tlio conclusion of tho prologue. Miss Marian Willis, despite certain mannerisms, plays with a good deal of grace and feeling, and manifests a thorough knowledge of stage business. In tho declama tory rathor than the hysterical passages kIio succeeds in enlisting the sympathies of hor audience, for tho reason that she seems more pleasing nnd loss under tho spell of Artifioiality. Slio was moro tolerable as the wifo iu the prologue than as tho widow in the drama proper. Miss Koutz shows some capacity and undoubted intelligence in tho smnll part of Sybil when grown to woman's estate, and Miss Ruth Gray, if not very refined in hor style, was still cuabled to prove a foil to tho stupid idiosyncrasies of tho Rov. Mr. Greon. Mr. Stoneham playod tho latter part very inanely. The military villain was played by Mr. Griffiths, who seemed to suffer from a distressing affection of tho throat. His general style, also, did not proclaim tho officer aud the goutloinan as understood in ordinary parlance. If Mr. Boothman could avoid mouthing his words and expressing him self in semi-sopulohral tones ho would do much better, because he is beyond quoston an actor of experionco and capacity, aud oan do justico to his work. Private Bowlos, who is invested with the responsibility of doing the funny business, wus taken by Mr. Fred Cnmbourne, who is making rapid progress in his recently adopted profession of tho stage. He has not yet required the elasticity ami abandon that sclf-confidonco can alone impart. Tho minor lights of tho company do not call for speoifio comment. 