THE SONS OF IRELAND AS SEEN BY OTHERS. [Translated from tlie JTrench for The Southern Crim/l (concluded from last week.) From; 1847 to 1872, nearly four millions of . the Irish left their country, and how many others have followed them in the last twenty years? So that this unfor tunate country, which counted about eight millions of inhabitants at' the commence ment of the century, is reduced at the present day according to the recent census of 1891 to a figure as low as neatly'the half.' (/) Such an exodus is incontestable, as it has been called, a solemn event in the history of Ireland; A new breath, an inspiration of expansion has arisen, moving this people, rich in blood. Like the races of the future it has multiplied, and each one of its families has formed a legion. It seems, in truth, as if God had denied it temporal prosperity,. and forced it to quit its hearths, only to throw itself on distant climes as witnesses of the truth, and sincere worshippers of His Christ. " With like design the Jewish people were of old scattered by providen tial catastrophes to season the ancient world 'with its traditions and promises. Later, the countries subdued by heresy were destined to know naught but a mutilated Christianity. The Irish exile comes with his family, and Catholicism sets its foot where he has fixed his dwelling." (ff) We shall presently call to mind how Australia and the New WorM are peopled with churches where a religious population is pressing on, in the statistics of which a marvellous increase is regis tered every year, thanks to the arrival of immigrants, each group of which, in succession, draws to itself the fragments saved from the calamaties which desolate the mother country. At present the Irish Catholic holds his own in the United States, he occupies a fourth part of Canada, and has gained considerably in Australia. The Australian church, in particular, which did not exist half a century ago, has elevated on its soil temples and chapels to the number of 900 ; she has two seminaries, and twenty bishops, nearly all Irish. And as for the United States, where—as we have re marked on a former occasion—there was only one bishop at the beginning of the century, there were in 1890 thirteen archbishops, sixty-seven bishops, five vicars apostolic. Let us add that if the total population is sixteen times greater than it was one hundred years ago, the Catholic population has increased in the same period by two hundred and fifty times ! Need we affirm, that Irish emigration has the right to claim a large share in this progress. So manifest in the light of day is the providential mission with which it has pleased providence to honor the " Isle of Saints !" Protestant England had flattered herself with the extermina tion of Catholic Ireland, and I see from this very land should come the movement of conversion which in our days is be ginning to lead England back to her ancient religious traditions. The Irish to the number of a million are settled either in England or in Scotland, and contribute most powerfully to the fruitful spread of the true church in the "Sister Isle." Besides, it is to Ireland, it is to her illus trious son, Daniel O'Connell, that Catho licism is indebted in England for the " Bill of Emancipation," which has been rightly styled " a serious and sincere act, which does honor to the English nation." In securing for Catholicism its liberty, that Bill has opened the gate through which numbers of souls have hastened, for so long a time weary of the fluctuations of Protestantism. Who can tell the harvest of converts received the last half century by the evangelical laborers of Great Britain 1 (h) And far from relaxing, this movement appears to quicken apace, to such a degree does disgust at the ever lasting quarrels of the sects, in the bosom of Protestantism, force those disabused of their errors into the arms of the only church which can give them salvation. It now remains to prove how, for about two centuries, the Irish nation offers, in the vindication of its legitimate rights, an admirable model to Catholics of the whole world. More than one of them, in fact—to commence with France—groans, without having the courage to free itself, under the yoke of sectarians, more or less hypocritical, but always oppressors, always persecutors of . holy church. Well, what Catholic Erin knew what it was first to undertake was to pray for its persecutors, and not to neglect "to make its own sufferings supplicate." Besides, at the voice of O'Connell, whose name has sounded the end of its servitude, and the beginning of its revival, it organised itself thoroughly in a vast association, uniting the living forces of the country, and marching on to the. conquest of emanci pation by every legal means. It was mindful of the word of the Holy Ghost that the secret to have God for itself con sisted in combating eVen to death for its soul, and for justice.. (Eccl. iv; 33.) The plan was a simple one. a grand one. Its results were formidable, hound to One Ml • - another like the strings in a vast net; thf Catholics felt conscious of a .power which could not be-loosened in its compact mass. This association made its own the cause oi the last of the tenants, who were victimised till now; it disposed.of a press, recom mended truly worthy candidates, founded schools, Thirty thousand agents collected the contributions of the nation* and the extraordinary.' expenses, which such a great work necessitated, were covered by the gifts which the faithful, threw on the plate on going'out of Mass every Sundayi In levying this . Catholic rent of emanci pation, O'Connell fixed it at a penny per month. " Take care not to smile," said a great ..orator mentioning this subject, " there is in this penny a month, a grand exponent of finances, and a still grander exponent of the heart. Ireland was poor, and a poor people has only one means of becoming rich; it i«, that every hand gives to its country of the little it has. The penny of emancipation invited every child of Erin to take part in the. glorious work of delivery; misfortune, deep as it was, did not deprive any one of the hope of being rich enough at the end of the month, to make this taunting reproach to the gold of England ..." (a) We say it again: the Catholic association and the rent of emancipation were an unheard of success, and elevated the action of O'Connell to the power and to the dignity of a government. It is because, in this noble cause, the people had set their whole souls, that the wife of a poor peasant uttered one of those sublime cries which were to resound in history. Her husband, Paddy Prunty, a poor tenant imprisoned for debt, is released by his landlord with the promise of obtaining quittance of his arrears, under the con dition that he will vote against the "Agitator," The unfortunate man accepts the condition with shame; he is the father of a family, and the vengeance of the landlord menaces his wife and children with "eviction"—that slow death by hunger. At the moment of voting, in the face of the sheriff, of the landlords, of the agents and of the constables, a woman rushes before him. It is his own wife. "Pat," she cries, "remember your soul and liberty." With eyes full of animation and her emaciated figure, pale with emotion, and clothed in the rags of her mantle, that woman stood up in the midst of the assemblage, like an image of unfortunate Ireland, appealing to her sons. Pat, enraptured, votes for O'Con nell, and returns to prison, (b) Remember your soul and liberty ! This spirited word of the wife of a condemned tenant soon resounded from one shore to the other, to the extremities of the " Virgin Isle." It was carved in marble, it was written on the banners of the Catholic Association, and for a long time still it will strike on the hearts of the true inheritance of O'Connell. O'Connell! We remember seeing him in a dying state, his coun tenance impressed with an august and profound sadness, whilst the vessel carried him from Lyons to Marseilles, to land him shortly on the coast of Italy, where his breath commenced to fail before he could inhale the atmosphere of Rome, and throw himself at the feet of Pius IX. We uncovered our heads with respect and in silence, without daring to trouble the last hours of repose during the passage of that illustrious man, who was the voice of a persecuted nation, crying for justice in the presence of God, after having taught her to subdue the right of might by the might of right. And when, a few days after—May 15, 1847—he fell asleep tran quilly, the moment might have appeared troubled as to the survival of his glory— but his work was not to end here : on the contrary, everything tells us to-day that it is near its term, provided the nation degenerates in nothing from the spirit which began this work, or from the honorable means which alone will secure its triumph. When we propose Ireland as a model in the vindication of her rightful claims, we speak of Ireland as a nation. We cannot dissemble the fact, that some of her sons have not proved faithful to Catholic principles. They could, no doubt, ex tenuate their fault by pointing out to the excess of unheard of oppression, of which they were the victims ; but the lawfulness of the end will never justify violence and iniquity in the use of means. O'Connell taught—"Whoever has recourse to force, is not worthy of liberty. Whoever violates the laws, betrays his country.'1 (No doubt' coercion laws courted rebellion, in any shape or form; and such would be most welcome to the oppressors of Ire land.) (c) The people had a hard trial to pass through, but thanks to the watchful care of the church, and the vigilance of the bishops, the majority of the people remained submissive and obedient to the principles of their holy faith. Thus the priuciples enunciated in the decree of th,e Holy Office, April 20, 1888, and in the letter of His Holiness Leo XIH., of June 24 of the same year, commanded the same respect as ever. Nevertheless the Associ ates of the Apostleship of Prayer should give the support of their prayers to this noble nation, that it njay be more and more removed from the lying seductions of the Cosmopolitan Revolution, and wisely persevere in the ways of right and justice, as it has been begun by O'Connell, and which those who claim to inherit his Christian spirit should follow, without deviating from it in the least. The moment seems, to have come to give to the work of the illustrious "Agitator" under the name of Home Rale its necessary complement, striven after for so long a time. The question is, without separating Ireland from the rest of the empire, to restore to it, as far as possible, in the words of Cardinal Manning, "the pos session of its own soil and the adminis tration of its own laws." One of the principal statesmen of England, Mr. Gladstone—though a Protestant himself, as Parnell also was—has promised to con secrate the last days of his advanced age to the noble cause of the Irish people. Many a wish will accompany him on the thorny path he treadB anew. But for the complete success of a work of reparation, which presents, though it has the character of manifest opportuneness, a number of difficulties of a very serious nature, it is the part of our associates to obtain of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, in the most vital interest of the church in Ireland, the triumph so long wished for, of true liberty and even of justice. The Direction of the Apostleship of Prayer then goes on to show the claims of Ireland in the magnificent progress of the League of Prayer throughout the whole land. It reckons about 550 Jocal centres of this league, full of life and enthusiasm. The monthly circulation of " The Irish Messenger of the Sacred Heart" is 44,000, which number is increasing every month. The first Friday of the month is kept with great splendor, and the churches are filled on these occasions with fervent com municants : the excellent practice of the Holy Hour and of the other exercises promoted by the League of the Apostleship of Prayer, are attended with marvellous results . thereby the people are disposed for the missions, given by the various religious orders. The seminaries are filled with candidates for the priesthood, and religious vocations abound on all sides. It then republishes a quotation from the Dublin Nation, which appeared in the French Messenger nearly 20 years ago, on the occasion of the grand national conse cration of Ireland to the Sacred Heart:— "The irresistible movement which has roused the whole country, writes the Nation, ' sprung from the idea that Ire land, our mother, despoiled and fettered, was the object of this solemn supplication; and, to obtain the bursting of her bonds, and the alleviation of her sufferings, she took her refuge under the special protec tion of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.' " We seem to hear now again the com plaint of resignation which the ancient people of God addressed to their Lord, in the touching words which terminate the enumeration of the calamaties of which they were the victims. " All these things have come upon us, yet we have not for gotten Thee " (Ps. xliii., 18). And that other passage of Holy Writ, which strikes on our hearts like a sound of hope— " And He saw when they were in tribu lation, and He heard their prayer. And He was mindful of His covenant, and re pented according to the multitude of his mercies. And He gave unto them mercies, in the sight of aU those that had made them captives." (Ps. cv., 44-46). (/) According to the Blue Book recently published, Ireland would not at the present day have more than 4,700,000 inhabitants. (Cf. I' Univers, September 1, 1892.) (g) Diseours et panegyriques, t. ii., p. 19 (cited above). (h) The last list of converts published in 1884 cited seven Catholic members of the Privy Council, thirty-three of the Upper House, and eighty-two of the Commons; one thousand and fifty-one converts belonged to the nobility and to the higher families, one hundred and forty-five to the army— among these one field-marshal and six generals; twenty-nine to the fleet, amongst them seven admirals. (Annales catholiques, de Chantrel, t. lix p. 322). (a) Lacordaire: Eloge funebre de Dan. O'Connell (t. viii., p. 172). Funeral oration. (b) Cf. Ventura: Oraison funebre d' O'Connell (1st partie). (c) Note of the translator. 