I' TII WIfICI IS I.?OIIrORATD T i;:llungendlru Mirror & Captainu's Flat Miner. SATURD-AY, OCTOBER , 22, 1892.. AT TEIE CORNER. .Piti,?Ai: Efu' : toneindous' anild xciting revelitionl, and don't, by any. means, lose your h'indl when you see it. William Afloeck has wr itten to the Ao, I AcIually had the gesierusity to supply his wonderfully clever effusions, clothed in the language of eloquence which' is too superior to be understood'ly periple in this pairt of the world, stipplliesd us withi a letter, free, gratis, and. for nothi?ig. VWe thought that .we, Itt least, had such a high plaeo ini that gentleman's estimationi that his naturall .mnodety restrained him froum ittfliieiig.n his articles upoir us.= A cerltati cynl,: hownvv!?r insilulates thi t3tlhe step now taken hut theit' firstof a conspiracy to iti us oEf stbacritihor ; but we cast the intuiniintuis tlhugh't asidel Mri. Atfleck's letter is full rif facts. It has one grand and solemn miuisioi, contiining thle tpith of patriotism. : It sliihws how both. Mr. O'Sullivan iandl 5. Hall, in the single-tax llcibate, were wrong, anll lie (Mr. Affleck) is right. Of coursn he is; he always is. No one wouhl dver'liavc the audacity to contrta diet him, we'hope. \Ve have sooeen many of his letters in papers in many districts, but no one was ever gamo enough tocontradictVany of his statements.. The namneat the bottotii of these letters prohibits contradiction., Mfr. Aflluck asserts, about fifteen tiumes,ethat Mr. O'Sullivan is wrong anud _he is right, anl infers that overyone elso but liinself' is wrong. W\o won't contradict him. One of our farmersi tohl us of.an incident recently which contains a tI:lxit of universal :ajpli cation. He says li halit. tied hiik'sheep dog up short to a wire fence, and left hitm there till his return in the evening. But tthe dog having crawled under and over the wires Ihad got the chain entangled. Another farner, in kindnIess, lengthened the "dog's chain to save him pain ; but the dog, :in appareut enhdIavours to'extricate hIimself, had got still 'further entangledl. and when the farmer re turned to feed his dog, found him strangled. The poor dog had leaped over the ;top wire, but tIh chain was so shortened.l by the entanglement that the dog coul not touch the grouind, but remained hanging by the neck, till strangulathion caused death. " So wheo you waint to deal with Allieck," said the ,firmer, " dmn't forget .the iucident of givitng the dog more rope, so that he will: hang himself." We are sorry that wV cannot lengthen Mr. Afflechk's literary chain,. for we hatvb no rorn for his letter. Had we the space we shtould have inserted it, with the object of lengthening his chain, to allow him the.cliuiice of jumping the fence-and. com mitting political suicide. For somne years past the LandlTax has been 'the bulghear of politicians :anJ. the nighltniareL of electors. Every statesman hias fought shy of tackling the' subleot, and it was consequently dropped out of4 election asldres.so iarul nmIlmifestoes as much: as possible. The present session has senn a cleair division of the lHousu on thoe suhject, and it has uaniost ucanimtously favoured the system of taxation iolt the iimproved value. One thin, was noticeable in the 'division, that out of a HIIottse of 1.11 only 59 voted. Whlre were the rest 1 The 81 _.. Were they afraid to vote ? or had they neglected their duty I . The (Joverrliont and the Opposition Again find themselves on tlho same side, which is peculiar. The first' manifesto of thes Premier, Sir GUorgn Dlhlb, centalinerd the gist of, the amenditllnt justa' passed, but nothing n. mro was heard iof it. ;''Whert' attacking the. protectivol policy,'; Mir:.l?eid alsi fa(oul'red at land tax,- so ,thabt is the unanhnous wish of- the Huse, :.?u rithant will be ,tone ' Nothing, thiat's all.-?? etion will be deferred till the Local Uovertitoent 1Bil (containing power to so Isvy taxes) is passed. The difference between a: tax on the property value and the unimproved value is very slight, unless the object of the latter is to abolish private ownership in land. But considered from a revenue raising point of view, or from the " bursting up of big estates" point of view, no con ceivable difference can be noted. The the'ory that the property valueo tax is a tax on industry, is as thin as the clothes of a ghost, and as easily seen through. If un improved land is taxed, the owner will not be forced to build, and the building industry. ,will. not receive the impetus that single taixers (in the raptures of their l miiniginative simpering) predict. For why ? Because the same number of: people will.still require the samue.number of houses. Tf more are 'bilnt, tlhesamez.number must remaln empty; aiid Sn'o. =? i eiman. would :build a lihouse when there was no prospect of it hibing occupietd. Again, if the capital value is one third greater than the unimproved value, a lesser taxij; n rati, will secure an equal amount of revenue. Farimers need not'be frighteined at this apparent leaning of the House towards single-tax. ,If they have to pay more taxes, ,they can easily, despite recent assurance to -the contrary, pass it on to the 'onsumer. by increasing the price of their produce. The general public, after all, will, in any case,: e the sufferers. Apart from the customs-house, the land tax is the only means of raising revenue,'and to show that such a tax could easily be passed .on it is only necessary to say that no statesman would ilare to raise money from one section of the community, as landowners are. One of the objections raised to ttprogressive land tax is that large estateownerswill divide their vast possessions amongst their relations. The land will then bie ' burst up," but no more cultivation will ensue on that account. The same nmay be said with regard to the ownership of large estates; if a tax did divide- the 'land amongst more men, there may not be'tioore cultivated ; but even if there werte, the price of produce would, in accordance with. the supply anid demand, decrease to such an extent that many would have to give in to the keener competition, until affairs came to their normal value. The same argumeint may be used against land untionalisation. No one could lease land unless lie had money, aind the .more .h had the moure hoe eiild lease. 'Whlat'earthly diftercnlce, then, would it make? There is absolutely no dillfrence il, htying than in leasing, as far as the corn petition of farmers is concerncl. I f'tlthe ieneral system were to lease for fifty years, tthisupply 'and demand of produce would not b 1effected ; profits would hle Cxittly 'hon ihe same ipai, and it would only be like getting out of one boat and gBetting into another. Ift there' are ills in privateo ownership of lan?\, there are ills in private owncersip of anything ; but if one admits those ills he is not compelled to admit that it is expeodient or wise to make any alteration. True, this is God's earth ; but it is just its true that the horses, cattle, sheep, and everything that is in the earth, on the earth, in the air, or in the sea; all these are His, too. We could just as well do without private ownership in' any of these as God.created land. Agraria.s will:say it is not expedient, if right, to nationalisa everything. J ust so. Neither is it expedient to nationalise land. When the elevonth: conumn-tdmnent, "love thy neigh bour," is willingly obeyed, and when the laws of God are fully obeyed without human enforcement, when the milleuni uM hs come, THEN will every man receive perfct justice-and not till then, Then may man enjoy the exercise of his divine rights with out human, interference. But the divine right to a share in the land hlts no m,,re chance of becoming human right than has other divine rights. Every man has a divine right to live; but touch against their owni will, they die. 