THE DAY OF REST. THE LAW OF RIGHTEOUSNESS. By Ven. ARCHDEACON F. W. FARRAB. " lake heed unto yourselves lest ye forget the covenant of the Lord your God."-Dent. iv. 23. When week by week we bear the Ten Command ments read in our public worship how many of us realize their awfulness} To bow many of us is pre sent the consciousness tliat they are the very voice of God to 'man? Vet on obedience to . tbem depends all onr true religion and all our true life. God the Most High, God the Eternal, the Infinite, in very deed means us to keep those Command ments, not merely to be sorry or to pretend to be sorry that we cannot keep them. They are not only found on the written pages of God's wtrd, bat all the world bean -witness to them. I have been endeavouring to bring home these Commandments one by one to the consciences of my hearers during my last two residences at Westminster Abbey, but there are still other points respecting them which I would fain urge on your attention. It is impossible to exaggerate the solemn force of those Ten Words of God. They are the most ancient, the briefest, the most profound, tne most comprehensive of all historic codes. They bear on their faces internal evidence of their Divine origin. Above all human codes and alone of all human codes they command the heart and require an obedience even of the thought. They contain not only the fundamental laws of Jadaism, bat the primary basis of revelation to all mankind. Their promulgation formB a decisive epoch in human history, and the voice of the Eternal sounds from them across the centuries, saying to every soul of man, "This is the way; walk ye in it," when we turn aside to the right hand or to the left. Yon may build seven altars, and offer on every altar a bullock and a ram, or whatever is equivalent to that in our modern days: it will avail you less than nothing unless your life be pure. " He hath showed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require of thee but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God." Over and over again in Scriptuie we are taught,. and for the most part are taught in vain, that righteousness Is the one end of life, that righteousness deliveretlc from death; that circumcision is nothing, and un circumcision nothing, but to keep the Uoramand ments.of God. If we would enter into life we are - told as the one indispensable requisite we must keep the Commandments. Our opinions may be tall wrong, onr ignorance is certainly limitless; it will matter nothing If oar. heart I be right. Unto man God aaith, " Behold, the fear of the Lord that is wisdom, and to depart from evil is understanding." One whole Book of the Bible centres round the conclusion that this is the end of the whole matter. " Fear God," which is the lesson of the first table, " and keep His Com mandments," which is the lesson of the second,, "for this is the whole duty of man." Now Moses himself, by a most profound symbol, indicated that the entire Levitic system consisted, as St. Paul dared Ions afterwards to say, of "weak and beggarly elements," except so far as it served as a hedge of the moral law. The symbol was this. In the middle of the camp stood tne Tabernacle the witness, the sign of God's presence in the midBt of His people. In the centre of the Tabernacle was its inmost shrine, the Holy of Holies; its one trea sure was the Ark of God. The Tabernacle was splendid as those poor exiles in the wilderness could make it. It was hung with purple curtains -it was overlaid with fine gold; its courts were filled with the smoke of incense, and its inner chamber with the fragrancy of the sacrifice. Bub to teach Israel that to secure moral faithfulness was the one object of God's revelation the sacred ness of the whole shrine was concentrated round the tables of the moral law. All ceremonial regu lations were but insignificant satellites round that great Sun. This Tabernacle was the most sacred - thing in the encampment; the Holiest was the most sacied part of the Tabernacle; the ark was the most sacred object in the Holiest and yet the ark itself bad no sanctity apart from the sacred thing which it enshrined, and those two tables of the moral law. The awful Ark of the Covenant was just nothing but the box of the lair. When on the great day of atonement t£ie High Priest entered as it were the very audience chamber of the Almighty, be stood ibefore no sculptured - image, be gazed on no visible manifestation. When, fifteen centuries later, Pompey, the Boman general, burst into the inmost shrine of the temple after the ark bad been lost in the Captivity he saw to his amazement nothing-an empty space. There was total silence; no silver lamp sned its radiance there; no ray of sunlight ever penetrated into the Holiest place; no whisper, save of the incommuni cable Name, ever thrilled its silence, but by the gleam of its own golden thurible and the smoke of the incense the priest saw the glimmeringoutline of the golden chest beneath the wings of the cherubim. Within the ark, as its sole treasure, lay the two rougli-hewn tables of venerable stone, shattered,, alas! as Moses had indignantly shattered them on the mountain crag when he witnessed the idolatry of the golden calf; and thus those broken tables, that ark, that mercy seat above, on which he sprinkled the atoning blood, that awestruck priest, those bending cherubim, were an emblem of law, of sin, of redemption, of forgiveness. They represented guilty man before the merciful God, whose law be had not kept. They proclaimed aloud-" Tbou hast given us a law which shall not be broken. _ Alas, we nave all broken it. We perish, we all perish; but there is forgiveness with Thee, therefore shalt Thou be feared." This, then, was to Israel a symbol that the one end of all relij^on is righteousness, which man forfeits, which God restores. Could there be a profounder emblem of all creation up to its most celestial hierarchies bending over the mystery of God's most holy law, contemplating as the basis of man's spiritual existence, tne Ten Words of God, and as the sole sources of his hope after transgres sion, the blood of atonement, the voice of prayer? Here, then, was one most significant and central lesson of the Mosaic system, and, further, what pro found conceptions are involved by the designation of the Ten Commandments as the Covenant of Jehovah. A RECIPROCAL AGREEMENT. First, they were a covenant. There have been but two main covenants between God and man, the Mosaic and the Christian, the Law and the Gospel. We talk habitually of the Old and New Testaments. The Hebrew word Berith rendered "Testament" did not mean a Testament but a Covenant, a compact or agreement. Among the Jews the use of wills or testaments was wholly un known till they came in contact with the Romans, not long before the Era of Christ. We only borrow the word "testament" from lestamentum, which is the vulgate rendering, a mistaken rendering. Neither the Iiaw nor tne Gospel can with any real - meaning be called a will. The grandeur of early testaments lies in the fact that they ate an agree ment; they imply a conception full of blessedness, an alien to every form of false religion, the con ception of reciprocity between God and man. God . the InBnlte, the Eternal, the .Compassionate, deigns to enter into relationship with men; He delights in the services. He heals tneir back-slidings,. He seeks their love. Many codes of human law are based on force, the law of tyranny, the law of feudalism, the rule that might is right. Others are based on avowed self- interest. The very name "Covenant," repudiates the notion of tyranny in God. If man is clay be is not clay to be dashed - about by the Potter, for he is sentiment clay. If a man be but as a reed by a river he may not yet, as in the poem, be slashed and hewn and trampled down anyhow by the great god Pail. As Pascal says, if he be a reed he is a thinking reed. The more God Is revealed by God Himself, the more do we see the strange condescension, infinite Love, of the Cove nant of Reciprocity, the Covenant of Fatherhood on . tbe part of God, ana of duty on the part of men. GOD'S NEW KANE. But next, this frnitfnl and blsssed lesson and revelation of reciprocity between God and man as set forth in the Ten Commandments is deepened by tbe revelation of God's new name. It is the Covenant of Jehovah. Up till the davs of Moses God had been called El-the powerful-Elohe; and Elohim-he that is feared; El-Shad dai-the Omnipo tent; Adonai-the Lord To Moses He revealed' Himself by the new name of four letters-J. H. V. H. We do not even know, and for more than a thou sand years the Jews have forgotten bow it is pro nounced. It was certainly not pronounced as we pronounce it-Jehovah. The Jews regarded it with such trembling superstition that they did not dire to pronounce it except with the voweis of the other Dome of God-Elohe. The true pronunciation was probably JAHVED. More important by far is its meaning than the mere sound of tbe arti culated breath and air. It is almost cer tainly derived from the Hebrew verb haya; in - this respect it may be compared with inspiration; ie.-thou art-the truly sublime monosyllable en graved over the entrance to the temple of Apollo at Delphi It implied the eternity and invisibility of God. The text of Malachi, "I am Jehovah and change not," the text of the Revelations, " Holy, Holy, Holy Lord God Almighty, which is and which was and which is to come, probably express its Inmost significance. The names of the gods of the heathen indicated arbitrary power and man's abject dependence; but in this covenant the Eternal re vealed Himself as the God of Help and the God of love; not as a despot over slaves, but as the father of dear sons. The name Jehovah meant to set forth the awfulness of God as enhancing the Covenant of Reciprocity, that God bad stooped to reveal His will to man, and that that will is the moral law. This new name, representing God as the unchange able God of Righteousness and Holiness, was the revelation bome with irresistible grandeur into the heart of Israel at Sinai when: The Lord descended from above And bowed the heavens most high, And nndemeath His feet he cast The darkness of the sky. On Cherubim and Seraphim Full royally He rode And on tne wings of mighty winds Came flying au abroad. And it was the name which was burnt, as it were; into the inmost consciousness of Moses when in tbe barren wilderness he gazed on the bnsh which burnt VFith fire and WM not consumed , . . TUE VOICE OF GOD. My friends, ought not these thoughts, if only we try to grasp them-and I fear it is very seldom that we really do try to grasp any religious thought ought they not to give an awful meaning to the pre face " God spake these words and said" with which, as with the crashing overture of Sinai's thunder, the Ten Commandments were ushered in. "God Bpake." Think of it, worshipper of lust and greed, wor shipper of self, worshipper of tbe many-headed mon ster of thine own evil desires, worshipper of no God! Think of it, idolator bowing down to wood and stone, worshipper of a sham god, adoring the creature instead of the Creator who Is blessed for evermore! Think of it, profane swearer, irreverent trlfler with tbe sanctity of life ? Think of it Sab bath-breakers, who seek only your own plea sure on the Lord's Day ? Think of it ye who dis honour and are ungrateful and disobedient to father and mother 1 Think of it ye whose hearts are full of violence, cruelty, and malice? Think of it ye who commit the sacrilege of unclean ness against your own immortal bodies, which are " temples of the Holy Ghost I Think of it ye vast army of evil speakers, liars, and slanderers 1 Think of it ye who in the concuniscence of evil hearts are selling for a shred, or might have been, an evil thought, or base secret passions, your immortal souls. "God spake theBe words ana said." Try to realize what God is, and with it that He speaks, and that He is still speaking these words to thee. Think of that tremendous sentence, the most tremendous ever uttered, ye who fear not God and love not His Christ, and grieve and quench His Holy Spirit within yon-ye whose whole life and mode of life is utter and arrant selfishness, or a wrong, a peril, an injury to your neighbours, and therefore to your own immortal souls. Think that you are trans gressing the covenant of the Eternal, that you are dashing your infinitely contemptible self, your own transcendent vileneBS and feebleness against that adamantine barrier-" God spake these words and said." I have spoken to you then of this moral law, as something grander than the starry heavens above; I have spoken of its awful significance as a cove nant and as tbe Covenant of the Eternal; let me add a few words as to its character and its sub stance. The Ten Commandments were carved in tbe briefest possible form, without the appendices with which we now read them, in two pentads on two tables of stone. " God spake these words and said." What words? Very few. Men multiplied indefinitely tbe necessaries which God had not made many. The first table said, " Worship one God: worship Him in spirit; reverence Him In words; reverence Him in deeds; honour your parents as the representatives of His autho rity." The second table said, "Be kind; be pure; be honest; be truthful; check evil desires." Thus on the first table we have, " Love God in thought, in word, in deed," and on the second table, in reverse order, "Love your neighbour in deed, in word, in thought," and learn from the fact that tbe Commandments begin and end by the prohibition of guilty thought, that God requires the service of our hearts ana searcheth the very thoughts and ways. The summary of the first table is the fear of God; of the second, the love to our neighbour. On the first table stand our filial duties to our Father in heaven; on tbe second stand our fraternal duties to our brother on earth. The whole duty of the first tablets piety; the whole duty of the second table is probity. The whole lesson of the first table is worship; the whole lesson of the second table is service. And thus, as the old Jewish writer Philo says, " Both tables are beautiful and advantageous, opening to men level roads to secure the unswerving progress of every soul which desires that which is most excellent. And bow significant Is that sen tence in Deuteronomy, " God spake these words," -and added no more. RELIGION AND MOIULITV. Brief then, as they are, the Commandments, and with them the whole scope and range, tlie origin and tbe sum-total of man's duty are summed up in two monosyllables. " lk>ve,"'" Serve." The Jews split the Ten Commandments into 013 positive and negative precepts and prohibitions. We can reduce tliem to one. St. Fan! reduced them to the one word "Believe." St.<fohn rendered them to tbe One word " Love." Thank God for their simplicity; thaiife God that tbe wayfaring man, yea, and even fools 'need not err therein. Thank God that while men 'tnay, if they like, devote their whole souls to small observances, doctrinal technicalities, and petty heresy-buntings, that which God requires as alone necessary for any one of us is righteousness, and righteousness depends on love. A young Gentile went to the great doctor, Shammai, ana said to'hkn, *' I will become a Jew if yon will teach me the whole law, while I stand on one leg," and the angry Rabbi drove him out of the house with blows. But when he wens with the same words to the rival of Shammai, the sweet and noble Hillel. Hillel gently answered, "That is easy, my son; never do to any one what you would not like him to do to you. That is the whole law; ell the rest is com mentary and fringe." The Gentile was con verted, but the Rabbi was wrong. Christ when Be was asked by tbe young ruler " What must I do to inherit eternal life?" did not thus dissever the Golden Rule from its force and sanction, He did not divorce the second table from the first; He said, "Keep the commandments; love God with all thy heart/-that is the first table; "and thyneighbour as thyself'-that is the second. He knew that man cannot love God his Father unless he loves man his brother; and that he cannot love man the brother aright or at all unless he love his Eather God. Religion is dead if it is severed from morality; morality perishes if it be divotced from religion. Righteousness without God-fearing is a rootless flower stuck in tbe garden of a child. The mighty rivers which fertilize the plains of India with all their countless effluents have their force far up in the aeriel ocean among the lofty Himalays. Cut them off from this source in the high mountains and they will vanish utterly. Even so it is with the moral law, which alone gives frultfulness to any human life; dissever it from its fountain in the Divine sanctions, and it evaporates in the scorching fury of evil passions. In this Bense we interpret the remark of Josephus, that whereas in other religions virtue is made a part of religion, in God's covenant religion was but a part of virtue. In tru*h, neither is a part of the other, they are inseparably the same. In no other religion was it made (clear to man that the Jaw was to make men righteous, and as no man can be righteous unless the grace of God pre vent and follow him, "be that doeth righteousness is born of God." Duty with the light ofholiness in her eyes looks np to God, and Binga with the - Psalmist, " All my fresh springs shall be in Thee." In conclusion, then, so far as man's whole duty is concerned, all the rest of Scripture is but a com mentary upon the Ten Commandments; it either exhorts UB to obedience by arguments, or allures us to it by promises, or frightens us from transgression bv threatenings, or excites us to the one and re trains us from the other by examples recorded in its histories. And when ail tkii has been in vain to beep us back from sin still God doth not leave us tior forsake us, The covenant of Jehovah- j sbammsJi, "the Lord is there," bocomes the j covenant of Jehovah-Tsldkenn, "the Lord our Righteousness." AB the atoning blood is sprinkled | before the broken tables of the Law it teaches us j we have indeed {all sinned, but that with God in -Christ there is mercy and with him is plenteous j redemption. Christ Himself is " the end of the law j unto righteousness to every one that believeth." Oh, j my friends, do jou believe this? Will you think of I ail thiB when next you hear the Commandments j read? Will yon remember that the moral law lies at the heart ot God's revelation; that it is the con dition. the covenant of reciprocity, of a relationship between God and man; that even the life and death of Christ were to secure forgiveness for its violation and ultimate obedience to its roles. God is not dumb that lie should speak no more. XI thou art wandering in the wilderness, And findest not Sinai, 'tis thy soul is poor. There towers the Mountain and the Voice, no Which whoso seeks shall find; but he who beads Intent on manna still and mortal end, Sees it not, neither hears its thundered law. 