THE NOVELIST. AFTER ^TMEcSSATTiE. , By John Augustus O'Siiea. ' The. fight of • the 14th of August. is claimed to have been won both by French and Germans. It cannot- be denied; however, that the latter rested that night on the greater part of the field occupied by tlie-;®i'erichMu the morning'. As Mdi'o Oriraue and Boute-en-train pushed., towards the brook in the waning day, i£/Was plain, to them that their friends had suffered a repulse, but that repulse was no flight. They were retiring slowly; - -, and most of them by this must hare gained the unassailable shelter of the outlying forts of Mete on the-east. All wounded men are tormented by thirst, aud to. the brook, those -who could, had- crawled to bathe their limbs or to drink. But it was 110 longer a limpid purl of water, but a puddle, mud-stained and crimsonstreaked. They- waded through it and paused on the other side'for rest and to concert - what had best be clone. Boute-en-traiu would like to cool his injured foot in the stream, and-M&re; Crimee was anxious to bandage it more skilfully than. lie. had. ••iheysAy.tin- lii • meet a surgeon. But no surgeon was near. She presumed they had more urgent cases to minister to elsewhere. "I do not understand this," she said: "our men fought well, but I fancy we must have been cheated into action. Where were we going "Crossing into Prussia, I suppose'" said Boute-eu-train, " isn't it somewhere in that direction ? " " Tut, tut, boy, we should hare advanced in greater force. Besides, we should have had provisions and transport with us if we were moving towards that point of the compass. Hum ! I can't make out Bazaiue." " Isn't he a clever general, Mere'?" " Yes, lie must be, or he wouldn't be a marshal of France, but is lie straight ? 1 hover did like him, least of all since lie left his first wife's sister to die a pauper in Tlemcon last year." " Pshaw ! gossip always talks ill of those in high places. That may be only scandal." '.i " It is truth," said Mere Crimee, "for I know it. There's no smoke without fire." "I wish we were near a fire now, for I am beginning to feel jolly cold." " Yes, my poor lad, you are; you wero hot a while agone. You are feverish. Does the wound pain V' " Smarts a little, but I don't mind that." " Have a drop out of my keg ; you are faint. You had better rest here until I get some assistance," and she looked around on the undulatiuo; soil for some turfy bank, whereon she could set the boy- soldier in an easy position. It must not be supposed that they were alone. The ground bore all the traces of recent events in trampled grass, split trees, prostrate hop-poles, strewn knapsacks and kepis, dead bodies of men or horses, ^•hjsll-ai'ixt-or , blood pools, md ihi± most painful of all sights of the \- :tiw\itn iOfSO 1V-T1 yj Ol'Liftity • wounded, and to whom it was considered waste of time and labour to pay attention. Some who were less severely hit had dragged themselves to remote spots under bushes or in- the hop fields, -where they were out of the line of moving- troops. War brings out; many noble qualities, but it is only too true that it develops the selfishness of human nature, and a strange callousness to the sufferings of others. It must be remembered that the front covered five and a half English miles; and, as the French were almost devoid of organized sickbearers, and had 110 proper ambiilance train, a multitude of unfortunates had to be abandoned to their fate. But our pair had liow reached a portion of the ground to which few of the Prussians had penetrated. The, scene, of closer struggle in this woods lay behind them: the fire had dropped, I and they were in comparative 1 safety.' At last, Mere Orimee disccvez'ed a cosy spot, and helped to free,':Bouteen -train of his knapsack, which she had arranged as a pillow uiider.his; head, when she caught sight of a bareheaded figure stretched at a few,: yards' distance, in the lee of a drum, " You must' hot be disturbed by ' ugiy neighbours,", she said,"'"yoii.'l get accustomed to them before the campaign 5s .over." '. " All right, mother, don't 1 .bother, about me, said the boy, turning to look whither, he- had, noticedjlier-^az" mg, and- starting. " Ilqla 1 " lie cried,,:' Ife.is:one: o£the ene'mj£"he'sin: Prussian uniform." ' f The keen sight of tho sharp-shooter had detectea what, had escaped the cursory ^glance-of the cantiniere. ;r ;; "Hum, , I believe yon'are-right. He must have been. brave, to have got so far, and sbu'moved over to ascertam if he were really dead—-perv haps to search Ins.pockets, ..that is legitimate—but;, let us hope with more • womanly motive. Helaj oil his. back, a flaxen-haired. .... beardless, youth ith: i'efined ; -|eatures,. sunburnt., but bloodless. His-, eyes -n eie closed,, but a-;s\vect expression cm lamed hi; still-.face: and his lips' weie p i ted in a smile as if his thougl ts had been fixed on things •^pleasant;aiidjendeai ed ° Some motliei s son said the; "kmdiy cantinieie hes pielty enough to kiss although lie is a Pmssian Something n his appearance - .strnSl bei w tli ihe idea, tliai Jie jffighi" be living and he bent o-\ eiJnni and ap jiliedtnuSii -to li s breast-t6itiy4£she could discei i •% heartbeat No She S would open Jus -tunic theie^imglit stiU be some iluttei. of animation left £Ab she was undoing the buttoas, Tiis lids taisclosmg" such isoStf^bWl eyes ^apd he ffluimuied Wassei * ^ isille^J'femee understood Jiim she swoon he was unconscious of pufiering, but with the restoration of vitality eame the sensitiveness to pain. •".Thanks,.." said .lie, in perfect French, "I must have fainted from 1 oss of blood," and-, lie put his hatid to his left knee.. • ,r You will be better by-aud-by Let me see your wound " He blushed, but. Mere Crimee, with a rough tenderness,, said the battlefield was no place for boardingschool maimers, quickly bared his leg — she rightly .conjectured that his hand had sought the. seat of. hurt —and discovered that his boot was almost as full of .his life-stream as if it - .; hail been poured into it from a ! •kettle. But the. wound,..she imagined,; was nofrdangei'ous, if propei'ly'treated. There was still a thin trickle of the crimson fluid'through the coagulated • cake over the bullet- lhole. From her ample pockets she produced, lirien, which she tore into strips and bound over the knee, making a tourniquet with a. drumstick, and fastened the rude but effectual appliance in position with the tri-colour ribbon off hor hat. " Now you will bleed - no more, she said, and she took up the boy in her strong arms and carried -him. to where Boute-en-train lay, and placed him reclining beside him.. -.. ; ''There is a> comru.de u-ntil.T return." "I don't speak Prussian," said' Boute-eu-train, rather surlily'. " I speak French," said the German. " I suppose, you were a waiter in Paris a few weeks " ago," continued the SIst uian ; "that's what the Prussians are, not soldiers." " I never was a waiter; but if my people are good waiters, taken singly, you will find they will become good, masters when together." " Silence," interposed Mere 'Crimee. " Do you want to renew the battle on your own account? Hold your tongue, Boute-en-train, and recollect when soldiery are wounded, truce is sounded. But this is your first- campaign." " Well, he's no veteran. I'm sure I'm as good-tempered as anything when I'm let alone ; but. what right has he to insult me ?" " I am sorry," said the Prussian, but I did not mean to insult you by saying I spoke French." " Well, I accept your apology. I suppose it's the pain iii my foot makes me peevish." The German's only comment wa.'s to offer him a cigar. The Frenchman took it with unconcealed pleasure, instiuctively bowed aud lit it-. " This is better," said Mere Crimee. " I shall leave you, and trust me to be back with aid the moment I fetch up with those rascals of the 81st, and that plague of my life, Marengo." But the campaigner of the Crimea aud Italy was a woman of resource, and before she quitted them she gathered watch-coats and horse- cloths to cover them, andgoing farther a-field,-; ivas-Jucky enough to find a bottle of red wine and some food in the courier bag of a slain officer. Leaving them heartily eating,, she betook herself towards Fort Queuleu, enjoining them not to fall out. " Our Krankeniraffers ought soon to,be here," said the German. W3lO Alo l.!i'-..y - - a And Jib m .itop-s Rxol.ainedto^0 ute-. "entrain Ina't they were the detachment ill the German army employed to carry the wounded on stretchers to the hospitals. " But you are in our lines," said the Frenchman. "What. 1 Are we beaten! Who; has gained the day?" exclaimed the German, with an air of incredulity: and consternation. Boute-en-train could not help laughing for a moment. As soon - as he had out his laugh, he resumed, gravely, " It is a drawn battle; but they a,re .sure to renew it as soon; as- I aiira'ble to take a hand. in ; it again: Jfo.w it was the German's turn, and he smiled, but suddenly stopped and uttered an ejaculation of diimay. " Is your wound stinging • you again 1" " No ; but I fear I have broken my specs." .. " Your specs! " -Aiid Boute-en-train was:- surprised to see his companion take a pair of spectacles out of a side pocket, wipe them oil.his pocket- handkerchief, and put them on. " 1 am so glad they arc all right 1 must have lost a pair ; but we have to carry two." '.. . •, •,•:•.?- The Frenchman was amazed. " 1 hav.e seen some of our officers with a pince-nez or au eye-glass, but nobody -but-:.pi-ofess^ "I wore a pince-nez once, and was liit-'oye^ ,';Tt: is contrary 'to regulation. "Von Moltke arid von. - -Gooben wear specs, and they are good generals of ours." . " Your .shoiilder-skrap. - :is not like the others.. ' It is black and white. What, does-it mean b s k "That I am a volunteei I am only eighteen." , . .;. \ " My age:.. I ani/not aeonscrip't either I ^ as born a soldier " "In Piussia ^eliave to be trained to be soldiers " ." I suppose SO; Everyone cannot be: a . Freiichnian What is yom name 5" > ' ; " Albei t "Wolff Aud youi s ".vTeau Leldnp." • . ; ..- " Leloup! . AVhy, that is the same - a's.miuo in French. W'e are of-tlie same -name. . . This was a famous discovery and: the Frenchman opened wide ins eyes and began to feel fuendly, but as if i esemang'that his name should have aught of kinship -w^th the Prussians ta it, hejidded t ^ callmeBoute i :en- ti5ajiii-3J3Gthe"reg.imejit - We have "still light j'to read 5 saidl' Wolff pioduemg a bookt.fi om thej pocket V'hich. Jiad contained thl; pectacles jT ^ ^ ^ % What is that, ajsong book ? ' ^ ^ No, a book of hymns J - 1 -iiupe'utun i th jung I ici "h-, mm ITnewis i pLipl «ho ^ u 4o wai hn spcti i k^ m 1 ca ricj Jiymn books vntli ftkeui fiutoiaction^ " few versesf'w£ichBoutreqSainj! igNight fell rapidly, when; sounds became-more-.distinct.and-nowcould be heard the baying of dogs still keeping - -watch over . deserted . farmhouses,, now and then a bugle blast or the neigh of a horse, a quivering cry of agony-or a deep«::eurse;:from.;some tbrturcd wretch close by,, and - in t-he distance the subdued.runible of mo'y- : ing.guns and tumbrils, and the muffled thunder of multitudinous shuffling i'eet.-. :By-and:by . shot- 'aloft •.isignal- vgleams' froni-Tpcket^a^ yellow liaize from watcli-iires, may^ lrap,' from burning honiesteads. Tlie landscape had in it the suggestiveness of shrouded actn-ity.: There was an und'CTtqiifeV.'-l^l ^P&'I^j ! : the atmosphere. It " was ' eei-ie,. }but.;.-there.:: were, no ghosts to trouble the youngsters. These aj^:'few;bii^^ 'the"battle^)l3iri as in the dissecting room. The pressure of actual horror was too^close to allow rooiajfbr shadows of the. imaginaition,: Koartifical means werereqnired.tocongeal the blood. ; When :\i ere Crimee came back :>vitli a. party of tlm. Slst, picking their way. with a-lanterii,: the :two bpys were discovered-in each other's. iirm.S). •as amicably,-intei'linked:-as if. .it were not ordaiiied by those in. power that Teutons should hate Gauls, and that it ivas tlie houuden duty of the natives' of the respective countries.to let put each 6ther'.s :scuis^^ at the -first'" tunity. " The Babes in the "Wood," whisr pered the cantiniere. " We can raise them without waking them," said one of the bearers, and tliey did, aiid carried them ] to Fort Queuleu,,where;the nearest ambulance had been set. up, before they were roused from their profound, :almost lethargic sleeji. A surgeou examined them, Bbute-en^rain's wound was pronounced slight, but repose ^or some days would be imperative. The German's was worse, the bullet had lodged, as the man of science soon tested by JNelaton's probe; there was a cart going into Metz, both had better be conveyed there. Excessive strain had not yet conic upon the hospital accommodation at the fortress, although the day was near when there were more wounded than a-fehnJancas. Elsewhere, at Paris for example, there were more ambulances than wounded. The two boys were laid in - beds side by side in a well-windowed room; aggressively white in the bare walls, and with floors worn almost as thin as an old sixpence by perpetual scrub biug. Their clothes were put in a box at the foot of their beds, and they were fuz'nished with long nightgowns and night-caps. A stand for 5 their medicines was beside them, aiid one of the iiursiiig sisters, : who belo.iiged'to' a religious .order, provided them with dominoes and draughtboard. At " the. head of their beds there was a card, on which their nauieSi- date^of entrance, and the nature of their infirmities, were written, aid a slate at the top, on whicli the assistant, who went rouud with the doctor ou his morning visits chalked the scale of dietary. The bulletin Wolff's kuee was extracted with a. forceps, and he and his companion liajying the blessed privilege of youth, were getojj iiiu-j^r^1 information about the country from which be came, and awoke his mind to •the surprise t-hatmen werepretty much the same m Germany as in France, - aiid were'moved by' siniilar feelings Theifamilyand^ spell-words by the Spree as by the Seine.' He belonged to the 53r<l regi ment, of which von: Gorstein-Hoheii^ stein- was; colonel. He was a very, brave officer, knew ii#ifeai^:tli(3:^ea'r old colonel; a horse was shot under him'as lie paced in front of the regiment the other day, as coolly as if he were on a parade " Was he . hurt ? '' asked Leloup anxiously.' ' '-,.-•; ::..,,'^r ; bruised .slightlj'.by: the fall butvliejescapedJfr^ The 53rd, which was incomparably the finest regiment in the German army, was iii the corps commanded by. von Zastrow, and was recruited from :-tlie.distnot , .'Ofr'-W.esel;'-:-w , hieh'.-;Tiras , : , i , !»; strong fortress -on the north-west frontier of Prussia, where the Lippc •flows into the Bhiiio. It did a big trade with the Dutch. The French had been there in the beginning, of the century. . , ' _ ; ) ff, " Oh, then," said Leloup, "it is true^ what oui- Fmperor said m -his proclamation .to the army, '. that whatever the road might be that we took eyond lOuivfrontierS: we -should ; come - a'cross . the glorioiis . tracks of pur fatheis : " " You will find their tracks at Wcscl, hut not all of them, are glorious.- Prussian officers; who were engagediu a - patriotic figlit: ; were •: shoti ihere: r by And then AYolfE had td.rdcount the tory, of': Sc hi 11' s.' revolt,. which'' enindled the smouldering fii-e of a free dom, and led to the war which ultimately libeiated Prussia from the thialdoni of -the -foreigner. There was tiutli mthe yonng GeimanV accents 0 , there was .lire ul his gaze aid #-gib^rin'gvspot'.. : 'oti ;liis.' -cKeeks'.; as spoke of Schill All this was new to Bouto eu-tiam, and gave him'food for " There used to be a Fort Napoleonopposite to Wesel, on the othei side oi the Rhine/' he contimied "Ha 1 Theiewas glory; for us, said. Leloup g We cal 1 it fo^t Blucher nowji said the Geitnan quietly" Its gi eat name hall be restoied soon" "" t ' Ferhap's but I am not so Bute NapoIeon was^a gieat map shut I do) not thmk he Teas a good mail- ^G'lfatiiess,, it, goodness saldi ou±e en tiam - ^What Cdfa T say Seatne sis/bettei tliaii goodness, b^ ' m caun'ot beyj^eclJedfto^agiee w iii' f^aiw'St'-S'apoleon ^"We' ehallt see t^^ei.y l^iQbably,,. ^as^senle^. "Wojfif tttLdil^aii promise you ^afsyou^rein^ terffe-aHhere S^ mU be^vejl Seated ; ..After - th« doctor's t'otir- next morn : ingi .Boute-en-train ^whispered.'glee-: fuTly ^liatjhe .had fouhd a bit of chalk on the floor A giggle of suppressed enjoymentra'n.through the ward: It was :curious that Boute-en--train and his chums were on full diet afterwards. i Mere Ci'im6e called:onv,them 1 : after several days, ..with /lowers and fx-uit.. She'hadcaughtMarei-igOjthe^truant - ;: he was all right Theiegiment had some awful marching,; to a position on -the western- side .'of. Metz. Gene^ ral Dencaen, who Iiad^beehvjwouncled with them, was dead.": The Emperor had gone away.' There had been two ficrce fights—the. Slst had been engaged : in.both—liad won great honour, but had been, badly cut up. In the first, at Gravelotte, Bazaiue: an d his staff were almost surrounded by Prussian hussars, and had - to draw. their swords. The ehtii'e army was- now in camp,.under the Avalls ofiMetz, and: she would be able to visit them-of I oner. .' 3.-Be:men of his 1 company,thpse : who were left, sent . their • love to Bo.ute.-en-trai;i, and hoped lie would sooii be .with them agaiu. . vV s Katurally: the young soldier was anxious to stand beside his friends, \ylio were. active iii. the.great 'drama, while he was in the depressing confinement of a 'hospital, daily becoming more crowde"3 A low fevei had supervened'^n his won-ud^biittiiowihe^ felt strong en'6'ugh to go out. .' Still, the .doctors- •would, hot permit- it; Mere Crimee called again ou the 23th August; having heard chat they were to make an advance: on the enemynext day: Boiite-.eii-traiu was !on the tenterrhpoks,!;aiid.'bit:;.his:ii vexation. K"ot til] the 2Sth did lie learn that nothing had been done; the troops had marched out to Fdi-t' St. Julien, atid had marched back in the evening, and now the rain was falling in torrents, and put a stop to operations. There were symptoms of gangrene in some case's^ and peremptory orders' were' issued, that the ward should be cleared.. Wo iff, and ;a Iwd taken: aii .evil thrh,* '' were^/ckrried to o.ue portion . of the building, Boute-en-train and :othe'rs -were tdid to make; the best of their way with their belongings into separate quarters- In the hurlyburly of change, the card inscribed Jean Leloupe was placed over the bed assigned W-oie Jean Lalanne, iii the new billet. Mere Crimee called next day, and was proceeding to the old ward, wlien she was stopped. " There's nobody there," said aii' attendant, ''they are divided,.some into that • ward at the end, and some 7 to No. 16, upstairs." " Can you give hie any information as to two " • " I know who you mean, two boys ; the German had a leg taken, off this m o rniiig,"an d' can not be seen." " And the other ?'" The Frenchman 1 He is and buried." "Mon Dieu! 1 Dead and buried, lay boy, never. He was ou 4he, recovery last-time I was here. Sureh you are mistaken ? " ... | '- " No. Jean Leloupe was his name, "Went off all of a sudden. : Nothing must-leave you—busy now, but I'll give yon! any little . tiling he;.'left;if you'll call another day." . -- .-••: Mere Crimee, hardened as-slie.was, a.nd tried in the school of' suffering, was shaken to her depths. She leant against the -wall, and put her.hand over her heart. This was a stunning blow. She couid not realise it..Boiite eu-tram gone.- - And- \she could not even lay .the flowers she had brought him on%is.grave/'-for-in those critical days she knew the corpses of the obscure tithe of war were tumbled cpffinless'intp the huddled o'bli,vicin of a common pit. She left her bouquet on-tlie sill of a window in tlie liospi ! ;talj- and, sadly- i'.etraced- her " steps to camp, buying some vegetables as if by. instinct of trade off .a. stalli'on'.the way. . ::As, she- neared the jmes of-the Slet the -rain cleared oif, :,aud.th e.sun '.catne.:-oiit1':-.':'Fesplendent'>':aB'.'.a - '-':.godd'es^: from her bath The gaiety of the Gaul asserted itself. A group of soldiers-:Wei'e::da!icing:a:-caii-can, :a numberiof iEarisiansvand a: provincial, who- hopped aboufi'. like an amiable bear led; into - the paths of praukishf. ness by a.bahd of . mischievous' goats,, the.while a crowd o£ admiring comrades looked on.:: As .the eantmere; was recognised,: a. momentary confus-; ion might have beeii observed, but the uproarious .kilaY.jtyKwais --at once renewed The dance ended with a great outburst ofi laughter as ;sh'e" : came up, and the ciy was raised— What news mothei ? " "The woist Oui biave, bigheaited boy, Boute en -tram, the best staunchestacoimjade- sin'thefregimeutj. " s no more Ify heart js bioken, I- do not care to live, I have nothing to live foi I intended to leave him all I liad when I sliut up shop 11 " Can't you let me have a bit on account now, 'mothei ? " lose in familial voice I " Jean Leloup, aie you a deseiter from,a chnicliyardi 1 1 J " "TZo, but 4 I -would have "been, if I had not deserted from a "hospital " "You aie a "wietch, the meanest rascal in the SlM, the cjvi'ickedest practical jokei iliat ever- woie-alini- Are-you sony 1 am alive .Mere,-' are yon really vexed ? } boriy, veved ? IBut, the womam m ,Mei e Cuniee .got ^inuth th better of the cautun&ie;,~=and she* burst into"a"liappy flood of "te.arsy as] •head of^cabbage ^js^ ^^ , ^^ 4_mj.d 'the £vocal "f-u.silij.de"o£|lelight from iihe'piou piou«. motl ei "i n - » M P I P 