EUROPEAN AND. ASIATIC AFFAIRS. W ILE th1e condition of the people ought to be the chief end aimed at by rulers and governors, all the world over, it is evident that this subject is closely allied with the international difficulties which tell so heavily on populations subject to conscription and all the heavy imposts entailed by war or the prevention of it. The relations between Germany and France do not appear to be in the slightest 'degree more cordial, notwithstanding the fact that an?ther .generation has arisen since Sedan, and that BrsmucK no longer dictates the policy to be adopted by the Fatherland with regard to the conquered provinces. A hatred of a fully developed kind has been be queathed by French fathers to their sons, and the terrible in heritance of the revenge is a real,, although not tangible, 'por tion of it. The constant strengthen ing of the French army and navy, although Ministry may succeed Minis try with bewildering conir.sipn;ji&'a Terrible" iindicatioihof the determinatioi of the French not to be again caught napping as they, were in 1870, when LE Ba(ur declared that the army was ready, even to thb last button on the last gaiter. The terrible state of um readiness was displayed when the Ger man armies crashed through the French forces . like artillery fire through a hawthorn' fence ; .and ; when the inhabitants of luxurious Paris were forced to "stew in' their own juice" by t?e mightyforces which suritouded them like a ring. of iron. They increase of the French" force.- sti niulates Gerimany' to similar 'exer-: tiqn, :iad so this .aduel in warlike demonstration goes. on unceasingly, w-hile the sentries of both countries pace 'miles of strongly fortified border country. It is now stated that an addition,of 140,000. men to the Ger man army- has been resolved on; a 7fact.which if it does not actually point out to early.; iostilities betiveen the two countries presages no amelioration of their relations. The attitude of the Russian Go vernment.to.the Porte is also not of a: cordial character." Perhaps it is as' well for all concerned that no attempt is made to glove the ironclad hand which is ever seeking to clutc'l: the throat of the sick man in its. deadly grasp. The' Czar has eover beside him the ghost of P~ziER th ..Great pointing him forward to Constantinople, and it will be a proud aiid triumphant day when the Russian ensign waves over the dome of St. Sophia. The latest despatch 'to the Porte, condemns, in bullying terms, the friendly, relations which at present 'exist between Turkey and Bulgaria. Why a great country should so far show its hand as to condemn others because they' are :. not at daggers drawn,: is -beyond comprehension, al tihpigh the reasbns'which prompt such an exhibition of malevolence is easy to understand,. But feeble as is the reign ofthe Turk, he holds'at Constantinople .the key .of tlih Temple of JAus, 'and his -overturn would' lead to ..con flict'between: the Gireat Powers,. thh. *end of which cannot be foreseen. If the *Russians were established at Stam boul they' fwould have a .far greater voice in the future bf Egypt and the Suez Canal than the Turks over have had, and that influence might be' of vast importance to Britain if the Muscovites weore pressing their forces towards that seaboarid on the Persian Gulf wihich they coviot so much, and which they bluntly state-thly are de termined on having.. It is said that the Russians aro en thusiastic ovoer the 'return of Mr. GLs'oNE, and that many Russian cildien aro named after him." One of the ircisons foi this display of enthusi asm is said to be a belief that the re lations between the two: countries will be improed, especially with regard to Russia's pplhcy in Ceaitral Asia. It is said that the Ozar is not desirous to engage in enterprises which will lead to: clashing between the two nations, and longs for peace at home. and abroad. Granting that those are the Emperor's private sentiments, how do they compare withthe actions of Russian officials. At Yladivostock the captains of Russian gunboats are busily en gaged in capturing Canadian sealers, and having their crews imprisoned. Britain appears to have become tired of these proceedings, and lhas ordered cruisers to proceed to that port for the purpose of demanding reparation for the outrages, and the release .of the men pining, in Siberian dungeons. Russian inflenice in Afghanistan ]has succeeded in setting the Hazaras in opiosition to the troops of the Ameer, and large reinforcements are being sent forward to sulpport the " scientifid mission" for the collection of butter flies on the Pamirs.. The position is •considered by the Indian Government so grave that Lord ROBERTs, the Obmmander-in-Chief in . India, lihas been considered the piroper person to be sent to' J'ellalabad for the. pur pose of discussing with the Ameer of Afghanistan the. position of affairs in that country.. ':Much importance is attached to this mission, as the Indian Government will. then formally ascer tain how far the Arneer is to be do pended upon, and& the lhtter will also understand how fhr he. is to be sup ported by the Biitish Giovernrnent in any conflict. that may arise between him. and Russia regarding the future of the' people over. whom. he claims chieftainship. The Russidn official press- does not scruple to state that whatis expected: fromLord ROSEBEUY, 4he Sbcretary for State for Foreign Af.uairs, is the adoption of a concilia tory policy; and as Iussia has 'been marching. on to. the' north of India alnost unchecked fbr years past, the conciliatory'po1icy expected" from Britain. is t0o ontinue to vipw. further? exterisions of .Russian~ territdry with out a murmur or protest, however much the moivement may upset coun tries with- whichi Blitain maintains the most amicable relations. If, on the contrary,: Lord -CROSEBERY.iS. not con ciliatory,, the GLADSTONE a dMinistry is to be opposed by the Russian Govern ment in the Balkans,. Egypt, and Asia. Those who assert that the- dominant principle in the Russian Empire is peace will- have a difficulty in explain ing these statements regarding desired extensions of territory to the coast, combined with the fact that reinforce ments have been ordered forward to the very outposts overlooling Afghanistan, India, and China. Between cholera and .debt that country has quite enough to do, in her enormous terri tory without seeking.to seize possession of a c6ast line- which will place her a week's journey nearer Europe than India now is, and which will also. give *her an open doorway to the Caucasian provinces. and Asia Minor. In course of time the Russians will, doubtless, learn that a small.block of good land may be more profitable than the possession of a vast province, turned to no useful account. 