ITEMS OF INTEREST. [ORIGINAL AND SELECTED] A young Boston barrister not noted for in- telligence succeeded in getting, a client acquitted of murder. Meeting a friend a few days afterwards, the barrister was greeted with warm congratulations. " Yes," said the lawyer, mopping his brow, " I got him off ; but it was a narrow escape." " A narrow escape ! How ?" "Ah, the tightest squeeze you ever saw ! You know, I examined the witnesses and made the argument myself, the plea being self-defence. The jury were out two whole days. Finally, the Judge called them before him, and asked what the trouble was. ' Only one thing,' replied the foreman. ' Was the prisoner's counsel retained by him or appointed by the Court ?' ' No, gentlemen, the prisoner is a man of means,' said the Judge, ' and engaged his own counsel.' I could not see what bearing the question had on the evidence," continued the lawyer; but 10 minutes later in filed the jury. And what do you think the verdict was?" "What?" asked his friend " Why, ' Not guilty,' on the ground of insanity!" A lively meeting of the Freehold Invest- ment, and Banking Co., Melbourne, was held on Friday afternoon, when amongst the directors who attended was Sir M. Davies, who made his first public appearance since his return ; his brother, who was the manag- ing director, and Mr. Jas. Balfour ascended the platform and defended their position, the meeting proving very noisy at intervals. There was quite a scene when one depositor explained that he had made his will leaving £10,000 to charities, and put the money on deposit in this bank. It was agreed to make further inquiries as to the responsibility of the directors. In reply to a question the chair- man said that the liquidators were of opinion that the depositors would get their money. A working miner named Francis Dobson sued Hastings Likely, representing the Colo- nial Deposit and Discount Bank, in Sydney, on Friday, to recover the sum of £161 2s lodged in the bank named. Dobson had deposited £160 in the bank at a rate of 9½ per cent, interest, but the interest had been paid irregularly, and plaintiff could not even regain the principal. In returning a verdict, which the Judge did tor the plaintiff with speedy exe- cution, his Honor warned people against placing their money in such institutions which promised such false interest for their deposits. James Coull, master of the steamer Santon, was fined £5 on Friday, for neglecting to carry lights while at sea between Capetown and Fremantle. The Queensland Government has instituted proceedings against the manager of the Merchants' Mutual Fire and Marine Insur- ance Company for alleged failing to comply with the Companies Act by submitting a proper half-yearly statement of the financial position of the head office. An official report states that the recent gold discovery at Sliding Bock, South Aus- tralia, is a swindle. The ground, it appears, had been deliberately salted by someone. Lord Bradfield admitted the abilities of a criminal who was undoubtedly an accom- plished murderer, for the Judge said : " Y'ie a clever chiel, bat y'll be nane the waur of a hanging, my man." The Southern Cross gold mine is now almost entirely deserted. The old Newcastle courthouse is to be painted and otherwise renovated, prior to being utilised as a post and telegraph office. From inquiries instituted regarding tbe stock of velvet goods that were discovered in the sand between the railway goods-shed and Messrs. Cohen's stores, Newcastle, recently, it transpired that they were part of a con- signment that had been delivered at the railway office for conveyance to Uralla. The police have accordingly handed them over to the railway authorities. It is understood that a part of the original consignment is still miss- ing, but it is hoped that the goods will be found, and that the thief or thieves will be apprehended. During the week ended Friday 37,864 tons of coal was exported to ports beyond this colony from Newcastle. A newspaper was posted at Melbourne without any address. It was put into the bag for New Zealand, and reached Napier and ihe person for whom it was intended. The mystery is perhaps explained in the fact that the recipient was a subscriber to the paper, though it is somewhat strange that without any address whatever it should have arrived safely at its destination. They do things differently in New South Wales: very often papers, parcels, etc., even though fully addressed, fail to reach their proper destination. There died recently at the Lower Hutt, Wellington, New Zealand, a man named "Wilcox, who was supposed to be in very poor circumstance?. He lived in a dilpidated hut in a terrible state of filth, never wore a coat or socks, his feet being wrapped up in rags, and he scarcely took food sufficient to main- tain life. After his death it was found that he was possessed of £25,000, which goes to his brothers and sisters in the United States. He had been at one time a gold digger, and the money he made then he hoarded, and lived and died a miser. The arrivals of wool to date of this season at Newcastle amount to 8293 bales, being an increase or 3193 bales on that of the corres- ponding period of last season. A squatter in Victoria some time back gave an agent some particulars of some sheep he had for sale off shears. A short time after, the agent wiring for a definite order, the squatter, who wai a good-living Scotchman, replied, " The Almighty has disposed of my sheep in the wool-collect." On Thursday afternoon at half-past 4 o'clock, as a party of three persona was walk- ing through Martin-place, just outside the General Post Office, Sydney, a living snake was noticed. One man put his foot on the reptile; then, catching the tail, which had been wound about his leg, he released the snake, and killed it by a blow against the pavement. The unusual visitant was about 4ft. long. The Railway Commissioners have agreed to pay one-third of the cost of raising Hunter-street, Newcastle, and the tramline which runs down it, on condition that the Works Department and the Newcastle Municipal Council pay one-third each ; the work to be done by the Newcastle Council. Six steamers have been loading horses within the past fortnight at Port Melbourne for India. Nearly 2500 head leave this season. The racehorses Cherrystone, Albania, Golden Bay, Mirth, Belle Swiveller, and two pomes, Ivy and another, were shipped to Calcutta by the Booldana. Many animals never drink, but absorb sufficient moisture from their tissues, from the air, or from their foods. Mr. Blanford, in his book on Abyssinia, says that neither the doreas, nor Benetts gazelle (two allied species) ever drink. Darwin states, in his " Voyage of a Naturalist," that, unless the huanacoes, or wild llamas of Patagonia drink salt water, in many localities they must drink none at all. The large and interesting group of sloths are alike in never drinking. A parrot is said to have lived in the Zoological Gardens, Regent's-park, for 52 years without a drop of water. It is often said that rabbits in a wild state never drink. The late Eev. J. Q-. Wood doubted whether this idea was correct, and recorded the fact that they feed on the herbage when it is heavy with dew, and therefore practically drink when eating. In the autumn and winter, when sheep are feed- ing on turnips, they require little or no water, How many people have seen goats drink ? Mr. M'Guire, station-master at Tenter- field, is to be .transferred to Gunnedah. If drunkards are to be weeded out of the Educational Department why should not the same be done in other sections of the Civil Service ? In addition to many other musical accom- plishments, Princess Marie of Edinburgh whiatleB delightfully. It is said that she can irxitate the note of any bird to Derfection. It waa in the early days of California. A friendly game was in progress, and one of the players was rendered noticeable by the loss of an eye. The game progressed quietly for some time, but the luck was very one- sided until one of the gentlemen interested drew his pistol and placed it on the table. "Somebody's cheatin'," he remarked, " cheatin' all the game. I don't mention no names, but if that cheatin' don't stop, who- ever it is will lose his other eye." Nine suicides have taken place in the Singleton coronial district during the past three months. At a recent English Board School examina- tion for girls, one of the tasks was an essay on boys, and this was one of the compositions just as it was handed in by a girl of 12 : 'The boy is not an animal, yet they can be heard to a considerable distance. When a boy hollers he opens his big mouth like frogs, but girls hold their tung til they are spoke to and then they answer respectable and tell just how it was. A boy thinks himself clever because he can wade where it is deep, but God made the dry land for every living thing, and rested on the seventh day. When the boy grows up he is called a husband, and then he stops wading and stays out nights, but the grew-up girl is a widow and keeps house.' According to an English exchange, at the luneheon-bar, on one of the days during the famous Notts-Surrey cricket match, might have been observed a parson, a pugilist, a music-hall artist, a Chelsea pensioner, and a Labour M.P. But, if the crowd was strangely mixed from the social point of view, it was practically unanimous in its impartial ac- knowledgment of every good piece of play. In Australia the parson and the pugilist are never seen with the Labour M P. Sir Henry Parkes thinks that we have an intolerable quantity of Attorney- General to a very poor halfpennyworth of Premier! Oral communication with the old world is among the near possibilities. The inspector of Paris telegraphs has completely overcome the difficulties which have hitherto stood in the way of subaqueous telephoning over long distances. At Dubbo hospital, matters are in a bad state, owing, it is said, to the action of the health board, which insists that the hospital shall be conducted on the lines of an in- firmary, and not, as heretofore, for the re- covery of accident and urgent cases. The committee resent this. The Government has withdrawn the subsidy, and none has been paid for the past three years. A sum of £1700 is now owing. The committee is call- ing a meeting with the view of closing the hospital until the subsidy is paid. " What is Heaven's best gift to man ?" asked a young lady on Sunday night, smiling sweetly on a pleasant-looking young fellow. " A hoss," replied the young man, with great prudence. It is not generally known that in June, 1856, the immigrant ship Ocean Monarch arrived in Port Phillip from Plymouth, via Rio de Janeiro. Five days after leaving the latter port, where cholera was rife, the disease broke out on board. There were 25 cases during the voyage, of which 16 proved fatal. The vessel arrived on June 3, 1856, and was quarantined. ' At the Circuit Court at Cooktown, Queens- land, on Friday, George Gleeson was sen- tenced to death for the murder of Patrick Mackiernan, and William Leonards Marcardo was sentenced to death for the mnrder of an aboriginal at Thursday Island. Inquiries were made of Mr. See on Friday with regard to the intelligence cabled from England relating to the proposed placing of £1,000,000 worth of Treasury bills by New South Wales on the London market. Mr. See pointed out that the money market in England was just now in a most sensitive, condition. The Agent-General had informed the Government that prospects were bad for further loans. The first week of the Victorian increased postage rate showed a falling off of 468,000 letters. The recent catastrophe at St. Gervais has caused the Swiss to appoint an " Inspector of Avalanches." This is going one better than even our " Inspector of Scaffolding." Mr. Copeland has informed the members for Canterbury, who desire a public park for Hurstville, that he sees no immediate neces- sity for any more parks in Sydney or the suburbs. Miss Caroline Agnes Leane, better known as Agnes Neale, authoress and poetess, died on Thursday at Adelaide, aged 43, after a long illness. Mr. Hayter estimates that on the 30th June the population of Victoria was 1,162,756, being an increase for the quarter of 3027. In Melbourne the falling off in registra- tions at the Labour Bureau shows that the worst of the unemployed crisis is over. The Customs receipts on Friday amounted to £6562. Towards this the 10 per cent, ad valorem duty contributed £422 and the 15 per cent. £17. John Church, a young man, attempted suicide in Melbourne for a singular reason. He was recently robbed by larrikins, and had to give evidence against them on Monday. He was frightened of their revenging them- selves, and cut his throat. Hie recovery is expected. Church is evidently not a logician, else he would not tempt death because he feared death. Sims Beeves is writing a new singing method. At the New South Wales Amateur Athletic Associasion championship meeting in Sydney on Saturday, the half mile championship was won by K. F. M'Rae, E. J. White being second ; the one mile and three miles walk- ing matches were won by A. U. Bullock and T. A. Challinor, respectively; A. Gough, of Queensland was second in the short race, but was disqualified in the long one for un- fair action ; J. G. Maiden and A. E. Shap pere ran a dead-heat in the. 100 yards ; C. M'Pherson beat A. D. Bond by three inches in the 220 yards All Schools championship, J. F. Dalrymple, B. E. Corner and C. D. Morpeth finished as written in the three miles race, but Corner beat Dalrymple luckily over a mile ; Shappere won the 220 yards championship ; the Hurdle Race fell to L. S. Fleet, the quarter of a mile to Shappere, and the Mile Steeplechase to R Reid. Regarding tbe jockey Delaney, who was injured in a railway accident on Saturday evening, a curious coincidence ia mentioned. His mother was waiting for him at Strath- field, and long before the accident occurred, told the porter »be knew something serious would happen. When the news of the acci- dent arrived she said she was sure her son was injured, and no attempt to soothe her was successful. She proceeded to the scene of the accident, but did not see her son, who by that time had been brought on to Sydney. It was not until this morning that her worst fears were confirmed, but she waa even this afternoon unable to see her son, who was too weak to bear the excitement of her visit. According to information received by Mr. T. J. Houghton, M P., the Glebe electorate is entitled to an additional representative under the expansive clauses of the Electoral Act. The Glebe is already represented by two members- Mr. Houghton and Mr. Bruce Smith-and now it seems it is entitled to a third. Cardinal Moran opened the church of the Sacred Heart, Sandgate, Queensland, on Sunday morning, and unveiled a statue of Bishop Quinn in St. Stephen's Cathedral in the presence of a large congregation on Sunday night. He leaves for Lismore, via Nerang, on Tuesday. The Bishop of Sale on Sunday afternoon laid the foundation of a new church at Toowong. Owing to a washaway, an engine travelling between Quirindi and "Werrie Creek on Saturday evening fell over an embankment. The driver and fireman escaped with some serious bruises. Lady Sherbrooke was telling her husband of the gingerbread-nut outrage upon his vivacious senior, Mr. Gladstone. " They say," she wound up, " that the woman who threw this peculiar missile was an admirer of the G O.M.'s, and did not mean mischief." " Hee, hee," chuckled the venerable peer ; " that would take the guilt off the ginger- bread, wouldn't it?" Among the unique exhibits which are in preparation for Chicago is a dress of deer- skins, made by a Sioux squaw, and richly embroidered with 16lb. weight of beads. She haB been two years at work on this garment. San Bernardo County is arranging to erect a palace of native salt in the grounds of tbe Fair. Blocks of crystallised salt measuring 12io. square will be used. These being trans- parent, will have a very fine effect. A Boston man has applied for leave to exhibit a sky cycle, or wheeled flying machine. The Penn- sylvania exhibit includes 150,000 butterflies, said to be the finest collection in the world. The rain has been a very general one during the past few days, whilst variety was added to the weather by heavy falls of anow at seve- ral places. Many rivers rose, there were embryo floods, and altogether much damage was done. An amusing incident occured in the course of the proceedings in the No 2 Jury Court, Sydney on Friday. A witness in a case while taking the oath put on his hat after the fashion of Jewish deponents. Presumably, something in his appearance suggested the inquiry by Mr. Justice Innes, " Are you a Hebrew?"-and the individual answered in the negative. " Then why did you put your hat on when the oath was administered ?" asked his Honor, whereupon the witness explained that he was utterly innocent as to court procedure, and, therefore, he carefully noted and copied the conduct of a plaintiff in a previous action, who was a Jew, though not to the knowledge of the witness. Such simplicity is rare in our law Courts. The New Zealand Legislative Council has passed the Electoral Bill, although the measure has been considerably amended. The woman's franchise was carried by thirteen to eight, with a provision allowing women to vote by electoral right to avoid the necessity of going to the polling-booths. An amend- ment to give Maroi women votes was carried. It is pleasant to learn that carts used for taking soiled linen from the hospitals to the laundries in Sydney are afterwards utilised in the hawking of fruit and vegetables. A young nan, aged 21, recently married his aunt, who was 45 years old, at Dayton, Ohio. Two-thirds of the chiefs of police of American cities are Irishmen by birth or extraction. A law waa passed in 1750 to the effect that at parties " ladies must not get drunk on any pretext whatever, and gentlemen not before nine o'clock. Some years ago a travelling company was playing "Hamlet" in Dublin. When the actor representing the ghost carne to the well-known passage, "I am thy father's spirit," a voice from the gallery responded, " Ah, sure, an' a mighty fine spirt yez make, too!" The ghost replied: "All right, Hagarty ! I know yez, and I'll give yez .auch a batin' as yez never had in yure born days when I get yez outside." A Sunday scholar in Tenterfield, collecting for mission funds last week, explained to a possible giver that he waa collecting " for the Presbyterian heathen, sir. That the apple is one of the most wholesome articles of diet is well known, but it reats with a German doctor to declare that most drunkards can be cured by the simple and pleasant course of eating apples at every meal. Dr. Tuplett maintains that if eaten in large quantities, apples possess qualities that entirely do away with the craving that all confirmed drunkards have for drink. He saya that in many bad cases that have come under his notice he has been able to effect a cure by this means, the patient losing all his desire for alcohol. Hares continue to be destructive in the Mudgee district. The Taree North-coast Railway League held a meeting last Wednesday. Rumour says that the very Rev. Father English V. G. is about to leave Murrurundi to take charge of the R. C. Church at Muswellbrook. The Rev. Father Ryan of Hamilton, is mentioned as Rev. Father English's successor. Thunderstorms are of almost daily occur- rence at Murrurundi. Warrah is now look- ing splendid, and an old resident says that before long horsemen will be able to tie the grass over their heada on the Plains. Un- deniably the season is a most favourably one so far. Doughboy Hollow people are talking of changing the name of the locality. Ardglen has been suggested. A good story of the meeting of Henry Irving and the tragedian, Charles Dillon, when the former was at the zenith of his fame, reads a« follows :-About the time that Irving was making his unpropitious debut at the Lyceum, Sunderland, as a raw youth of 17 or l8, Dillon was the " star" and manager of the Lyceam, London. Many years after that, Irving, as a still struggling actor, had " supported" Dillon in sundry provincial towns. But at the time Irving and Dillon happened on each other outside the London Lyceum they had not met .for some years. Irving, with his usual geniality, went up to Dillon, and cheerily offering his hand, asked him how he did. Dillon severely regarded him from top to toe, and then remarked in his best tragic vein, " You-er have the advantage of-er-me, sir !" Irving, with some astonishment, explained, that he had often had the pleasure of acting with him (Dillon), and added, " What ! don't you remember me ?-Irving, you know." Dillon pondered awhile, and then said, " 0-oh, a-ah ! Yes, of course I remember now-Irving. Yes, yes !-and er-what are you doing now, Irving ?" A paragraph in a French paper which, no doubt, gave a good deal of pleasure to most of its patriotic readers, ran thus :-" At the railway station at Prague, some weeks ago, one of our best actors was hustled by a traveller. Angry at this, our compatriot re- turned the shove with interest. On this, the traveller said haughtily, ' I see you do not know who I am. I am Count Herbert of Bismark ' Quick at rejoinder, the actor re- plied, ' Taken as an excuse, it is insufficient. As an explanation of the rudeness, I am quite satisfied with it.' " One does not like to in- quire too closely whether this conversation ever really took place. Bnt it is very neat. The traffic on the Queensland Central Rail- way is still very heavy, nearly 3700 bales of wool having been brought down last week, and so many sheep bave been booked that two special trains will have to be run daily for five days in the week until the end of October to cope with the traffic. Tenders are called for carriage of 25 tons of ore from the kerosene mine to Doughboy Hollow railway station. Mr. Meston, who is understood will take about thirty Queensland aboriginals to the Chicago Exhibition, intends to lecture and 8how his troupe in Australia before he starts. It is rumoured that Messrs. Sydney Bur- dekin, one of the Horderns, and John Robb are members of the syndicate which is pre- pared to construct a railway on the Land Grant principle from Croydon to Granite Creek, thus completing railway communica- tion from Trinity Bay on the East Coast to the Norman River on the Gulf of Carpentaria 