PARNELL'S BROTHER IN IRELAND. I A SPEECH AT WICKLOY/. A Redmondito convention, followod by a public mooting, was hold ot Wioklow on Sunday, Fob. 14\. The attendance of delegates (sayo tho Na tional Pbeds) was wretchedly small, not more j than twenty os? thirty boin^ proaont, but tho proooedingo wore invested with ooms intoroat by roaoon of the? pronenoo of Mr. John H. Pomell (r/bo prooidod), Mrs. Parnoll, mothor, and Mro. DiokonQoa, siotor, of tho lato Mr. Parnoll. Tho convention wuo uoju in tuo fuum v/uiuu uueu uuiy for o Tovrn Hall, and in private, tlnugh before it woa aiado pEivato, Mr. John E. Pnrnoll was EBOved to tho chnis-. Tho mombors of Parliomont pgoDPnt wore—Mr. Corbot, Mr. J. J. Clancy, and Dr. Kenny. Tho bnoinoBO transacted v/as, it wao stated, Hsorelv the appoiatment of a {e ooaaty council' for Wieklow. M?; John H. Parnoll, who wao loudly choored on coraing forward, said— I asGu?o you it io with tho grootost pleasure that I am here bo?o?o you thin evoniog. It in about twenty yooro oco since I c-tood in thia ball, and since that time I have , been oway a groat donl. I have kept up my : f latosoot in fefeo Homo Bulo anovoiaoat oves oinso ifco iofonoy, (ApploGOO.) I havo alwayo tntoa tho deqpoat iafiorcsfc io i6, oud havo alwayn oided with the pdnoiplo oi ay bcothoi'. (Hens1, hoai?.) I muot toll you nou that fchafe ps-'iaeiplo oel^_ will givo yoa all that yoH wont ia iho r/oy oi: HoKao IJulo. 1 hopo to live to noo tho day uhom you will havo Hoaao Salo in Goliogo groon, and whon yon will not b.Gve to go to Eng land to have your basinofla toonooctod, do that yoa can fcranoaofc it ia Isoland to yoiat' owa choioo, nad bave all your iawo oaootGd io thia coantcy, do go to fethoi1 induatrioa ia Irolond. As loag qd yoa havo aoi got Hoaso SqIo in Ico laacl you will aovo? bavo iadaotpiec. (Heap, boat1.) Ifc id the only suooour Sov tho Inch peoplo, I believe, ana thoso wei'e my brothos'o pEJaoiplos, I beliovo. (Hear, hoai?,) They all gay that Gladstone will give you Home Rale. Well, it is oil i-igbt if ho dooo— that is, of tho Pa'opes? kind, but what will his Homo Rale bo P it may bo a ghost of a Home Eulo, (Applause.) It moy bo a obadow ; it will not laofc. He may tioklo yo«3 uith it, fchoqgb, to find out your foal iogc oa tho oubjoof;. I don't thiok it will nmoBnt to a groat deol. I wioh it woald, tfecugia ; but I asa oicraid .it will ao'o, I osn afraid that i&o; io playing a gasao of bis owa, (Loagli' tor?.) That whick aoboiy ooos now yoa E3oy all oqo in a few yearn. I hopo, though, it will not be lonf^ boi/o?o we iiavG Hosaa Knlo onpnolvos without, out3 BsliiDg Mm. fos.1 it (Hoar, hecu'.) Homo Sale will bring indBotrieafco thiocouatFy. IndustyiOB are whnt the Inoh pooplo want; ond they asaat have them go qd to osaploy the pool:1 pooplo cad to keep tho pool? people ot homo. it io oil QOEDoono soyiog tfaot the Isioh otQEVo in Ireland. It io comebody's faalt, and the fching io to ffot nt tho oanno why tho stosvetica tokos plooe. But lately the do 'iGEQinoo bavo not happoaod oo o2toa as thoy'.usod to, cad 1 think it io oq occouat of oil thosG agitations that they have not. I thinb thoy have dooo good, to the conafcvy, oo'l that if thoy have not got Homo Bule, all tljcyo agito fiioQfl Ijdvo dose groot good. Tho pooplo ol:o independent aow, whiofe thoy uood not to bo. Tboy bnve aa independent opi?it withio tboia. E'ow, if joo had Homo Bole you eonld baild op .fiohorioPo Yes eonld get up thess deep cec, .fa'Dhories all round the cogbS of Irelond, and why should tho pooplo die of otarcmtion whon thoy bavo got oil these living anisHDlo iu tho soa at thoic very doovs, which woald aot kappcm if yoa hod Hoae Bale P You should hewo floho rieo co as 4o employ tho wotaon and childron oad .give great oaaployaaont to tho people . I am ivory glad, indeed,, to hov* tho opprrtoQity of coming amongst; you, ond I hope it will not bo .foe tho loot time cither ( Applnuoe.) 