Holy. Tr. nity Chu'rch. I \--- b CONCERT AND: 'r TABLEAUX ll VIVAN TS. Rarely has such'a large assemblage gathered in the Schoolroom attached to or the Holy Trinity Church as that on fe Thursday evening last, when a Concert R and Tableaux Vivants were given by the pl members of the Girl's Friendly Society bh in connection with the Church, assisted C by several friends. th The room, which was tastefully draped he with flags, (kindly lent by Colonel Bull) a looked picturesque ; whilst the stage was adorned with flowers, and pot plants. w. On entering the room' one's attention re was at once attracted by two beauti ful wreaths, one being made of Violets and Snowdrops, and the other com- at posed of Yellow. Blossom and Jonquills, tl presented to thie Society by Miss Ander son, of Newlands, and a word of praise p is due to this young lady for the pains taking way in which the wreaths were a made up. The Tableaux, under the managenient p?' of-Miss 'Brennan and-.r. Worsfold;l oc iroved a fair success, but would have di been much more acceptable had not a n( slight accident occurred to the leaden pipe conveying the Oxy-hydrogen gas th to the Calcium light, thereby leaving the pictures without a luminous powet to i show them off. However, with the assistance of other coloured lights, which were used on the Tableaux, we may truly say the different pictures were shown with a very fair amount of success. th The first item on the programme was le a Pianoforte solo, " Mattei's Valse," by Mr. Lewis Thwaites, and it is needless to say that this gentleman's efforts met with the approval of the audience. A Duet, "In - the Dusk of the Twilight," fri by Miss Jessia and Miss Bella McKenzie cl was rendered very nicely, both voices br blending harmoniously together. A ci Baritone Song entitled, " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep," by Mr. Worsfold, was well rendered; and Mr. J. Harris tit in another Baritone Song, "Flowers of ri Old," was well received, his voice telling a' out in great force and tone. A Rrci- 1 tation, " The Blacksmith's Story," by Mr. G. A. A. Bromfield, was nicely of given. The Tableaux portion of the pro-. gramme was here introduced by hMr. Bromfield, who acted as chairman in lieu of the Rev. J. Caton, who, with the w assistance of Mr. Cash, managed the C Calcium light. th The first picture presented was " The , Coming Storm," and was carried throcuh ae by Mrs. Jury, Miss A. Brennan, n;od Mr. McKie. This Tableau pourtrayed a young couple in the woods busily cu. T gaged in love-making, whensuddenly the tl iliater of the young lady makes l:er presence known, by threatening to use her large family umbrella about the young man, who poses as a devotdi.r attachd'to her daisgliter, lhence the title of "The Coming Storm." The Tableau re was rendered with a fair amount of th success. 1 The next item on the programme was a Duet, " Slowly and Softly," sung by Miss E. Brennan and Miss F Cherry, in a very sweet and pleasing manner; a followed by Mr. Tom. 'Endersbee, b " Koburg's Komedian," who, by his singing of the Comic Song entitled, " Breaking up the 'Appy 'Ome," so permeated theair with uproarns laughter and amusement, that an encore was de manded, and as a second item' gave " The Funny Man," again securing a good reception. Turning from the h ridiculous to the sublime, the programme notifies a sentimental song, " On the River," which was well given by Miss Oaten. The first part of the programme con- c cluded with Tab!eau No. 2, which t. proved to be a representation of " Her- b moine, or the Living Statue," taken from s Shakespeare's ".Winters' Tale." This picture was divided into three different a views, the first of which was not seen to f advantage, through the failing of the t Calcium light. The second and third scenes, with the aid of coloured lights, p looked very nice. The following posed a in the picture :--lisses A. Caton, a ICarney, Brennon, and Derby, and Mr. a \Vorsfold. During the interval the Rev. J. Caton e proposed a hearty vote of thanks to all who had worked so assiduously to bring c thIe entertainment to st, successful an issue, which was fittingly seconded by the Rev. Alma Howard and carried by acclamation. The second part of thie programme a was opened by Miss Collis, who played a Pianoforte Solo entitled, " Marsha Hougroise," (Kliownlaki), very creditably. Mr. W. Wilmot deserved the applause he received for his rendition of that good old Song, "Anchored," After which the Tableau, "Where are you going my Pretty Maid," was shown. This was produced in three scenes, all of which were well put forward, much being added to, in the way of ex planation, by the singing of the song under the same name of the Tableau, rendered by a lady and gentleman be hbind the curtain, and out of sight. The Spicture was presented by Miss F. Cherry and Mr. A. Caton, and was, undoubtedly, the most successful of the Tableaun, the Sscene being natural and the limelight I perfect. Again the mirth and merriment of \- the evening were renewed by Mr. Tom. Endersbee, who sang the comic song, "As I walks along my Beat," into which I he introduced the Coburg " Ghost," in the shape of a long figure robed in white, oinforming those present, as a sort t f prologue to his song, that they need d not fear ever meeting " Spring Heeled a Jack," in Coburg, as he had managed n to capture him, and had brought him is there that evening to assure them of his re capture, and in response to an encore u, sang, "Mary's William Goat." A Reel o tation entitled, "The Wager," by Miss 1 F. Cherry, was recited in a very pleas \- ing manner; and a duet, "Larboard d Watch," by Messrs W. Wilmot and J. n Harris, was sang with great feeling and effect. The Tableau, " Caught Tripping," in which the several positions were filled by Misses Carpenter (2), Oaten, E. Parr, F. Cherry, and A. Stubbins, and Mr. Worsfold, and was very well given. This completed the programme. At the close of the entertainment, the Roe. J. Caton showed several very good scenes, illustrative of the Arctic Regions, whilst amongst the Colonial illustrations one scene presented was of Gippsland ferns on his own property, which the Rev. gentleman had transposed from a photo on to a lantern slide, the whole being very successfully shown. The Concert concluded with the singing of the "National Anthem," the words being placed on the wall and shown from a lantern. The amount realised was £11, and we would suggest that the entertainment be repeated at some future early date in the Public Hall, as in such plenty of room will be available to both performers and audience, thereby adding, not only to the comfort of the audience, but also to the appearance and success of the pictures. The Concert proved a grand success, and a word of praise is due to the Rev. J. Caton, and Mr. Cash, for the efforts put .forth,. and although a slight hitch bccurre'd (thro'ighz o fault of thieir) iii displaying the limelight effects, it was, nevertheless, very successful, and met with the approval of the aulience. Mr. Lewis Thwaites, the organist of the Church, acted as accompanist dur ing the evening. 