NATIONAL ASSOCIATION. THE POLITICAL OUTLOOK. Tho annual meeting of the National Associa tion was held last night at th6 Mdibnic Hall. Thcro was n crowded attendance.: , Mri.K S. Inglis presided, and" on tho platform wero Messrs. J. B. Patterson, L. L, Smith and R. Harper, M.LA.'s; also Messrs. James Camp- hell and R. Murray Smith. Tho Chairman said the association had only been seven months in existence, but it had been thought advisablo, in view of the coming elec tion, to invito several prominent men to address themsolvcs to tho political subjects of tho day. . He read the annual report as fol lows : — Dnriug the association's existence a number of public meetings have been held hi tho suburbs to expound our views, with tho result that numerous branches have been established around the metro polis, and at the same time constant correspondence has been kept up with the various country districts, where a number of pamphlets have been issued. TThe result is that our cause has taken a good hold in the provinces, and that our programme has been gene rally adopted. Tho department of our operations devoted to electoral registration lias done very satis factory work. The apathetic section of the public wero aroused to a senso of tlieir duties before the timo expired for the issue of olectors' rights, the result being visible in tho large accession to the sub urban rolls. ,This combined with the nporntion of the Rolls Purification Act, will have a marked influ ence in favor of tho peace and progress candidates at tho next elections. He moved tho adoption of the report, which was seconded by Mr. Frank Madden, and car ried. Mr. J. B. Patterson said it must be a mattor of more than usual interest that brought to gether so mnuy citizens. The business con cerned every member of tho community. It was to consider how they desired to be governed for the next three years. But the term of Par liament did not by any means express or represent it influence for £nnd or ill. Their first duty was to ascertain what the colony was suffering from, and threatened with, and to provide a remedy. There might bo many sections and groups of parties, but in the present emergency the contest would rage between two parties. Tho one might bo called the party of order, which according to the laws of nature and the evidonco of experience, leads to national prosperity. (Applause.) The othor, to put a very fine point upon it, was exactly the opposite. Some outspoken people would not hesitate to designate it as the party of anarchy, becauso the tendency of their teaching invari able led to national dceay. (Hear, hear, and dissent. ) They were acquainted with both parties. A bitter experience of the arrogance and tyranny of the one had served to ripen respect for the other, so that uow they wero in tho position of knowing what was required to give security to all the citizens, and the further advnntogo of knowing what they did not want. Itwns the duty of puhlio men to nut the case fairly before the people, who could always be relied upon to give an intelligent decision at the ballot box. (Hear, hear.) Ho would mention a fow things that they would bo better without. They did not want a continuation of the present depression, nor the elevation to political power of those who would intensify tho mis fortunes. (Hear, hear.) They did not want to foster any form of tyranny or boycott. (Hoar, hear.) They .did not want to confiscate other people's earnings nor shirk their own share of liability. (Hear, hear.) They did not want the voting power of tho metropolis increased to cripple the country districts. (Hear, hear.) And they were determined to escape tho calamity, if pos sible, of boing terrorised over by ft communistic city orowd. (Loud applause.) Next ho would recite some of the things they did want. Tbey were supremely anxious to restore confidence by providing to pay their way with their own money. (Applause.) They were resolved to main tain order and to uphold constituted authority at any cost. (Applause.) They wanted to encourage tho investment of capital so that their great resources might be developed and products increased. (Hear, hear.) Tboy wanted to mako , employment plentiful and profitable in every branch of industry, and they looked to private enterprise as the foundation of success. (Ap plause.) Such was their confession of faith. This gathering might bo likened unto a triple alliance designed to afford guarantees for future peace and prosperity. (Hear, hoar.) It combined in the rankB of its members men of knowledge and experience together with youth and patri otic vigor. There was nothing equal to old heads for counsel and young heads for work. Tlioreforo they welcomed with special signifi cance tho presence of the patriotio young Aus tralians. (Applause.) The country party were tho practical party of progress. Their object was to facilitate and encourage agriculture and horticulture, mining and manufacturing in dustries, so that the resources of the colony might be increased and multiplied. If they expected tho support of the farmers they must see that their interests were recognised and thoir demands given fair consideration in legis lative and administrative affairs. (Hear, hear.) The National Association inscribed on its banner principles held sacred by the British race, namely, " freedom and personal liberty." The Young Victorian Patriotic League had unfurled the flag of " patriotism." "With patriotism and confidence in tho colonies our prosperity need know no bounds. The three sections of the one party united should lead to great achievements in our his tory, eerving the twofold objeet of encouraging all thnt is good for our advancement, and offer ing a stubborn resistance to swallowing the quackeries and poison of those who knew not tho deadening effect of their own prescriptions. Membership in this consolidated party could be made in every walk of life, One man one vote ran trippingly on the tongue liko the prattle of a parrot, and many were caught by the melody who had thought little of the matter. Even now every man had one vote, and the result was tho return of hard working laboring men like his logical friend Mr. Trenwith, the bluff Mr. Hancock and the spruce kind hearted Mr. Maloney. Any change might deprive political life of half its pleasurable eccentricities, and for their sake electoral arrangements might bo allowed to remain at any rate for a time. From tho mouths of thoso who claim one man one vote might be heard nearly all tho vain conceits that we do not want. One man one vote was used as a nickname for many undesir able things. In itself and at the proper time it might not be objectionable, but at the present time it came, like Hamlet's ghost, "in such a questionable shape" that one might be nssured if one "spoke to it" it would quickly vanish. If ever there was a time when men who loved their country should pull together to put the national train on patriotic rails and to keep it there, now was the time to commence. Tho struggle would not end with the coming elco- tionB, but would only thon begin, and nftor a very little while wo might hope and reasonably expect a nobler public life to which our citizens might aspiro with that patriotism which was prompted by a high sense of public duty. Then we should drop our hero worship or tho one man rule, and no longer look to be saved by a miracle, an invention, or a specific, but rely on the old well known methods of indus try, retrenchment, thrift and self reliance. Public affairs will not then be allowed to drift, and there would be an earnest effort to lift this colony to the position it should occupy in the eyes of the world. Knowing what we require, and whom to avoid, ho never felt more confident than now that the appeal to the great body of the people would not ho made in vain by those who fought under tho standard of patriotism, progress and freedom. He moved— That this meeting regards it as imperative for. tho restoration of industrial prosperity that tho credit of the colony should bo strengthened, ami with this object advocates such increased taxation, coupled with general retrenchment, as will place tho finances on a thoroughly sound basis, ami justify a moderate expenditure on reproductive public works. Mr. R. Murray Smith, in seconding the resolution, said that credit was necessary for the progress of anew country, and the supply of capital judicious, constant and liberal. Sir Graham Berry seemed to indicate the other day that the English capitalist had been to somo extent responsible for their present situation, inasmuch as he had foreed more money upon the colonists than they wanted. But the' colonists took up obligations to use the money wisely and well, and if they did not do so tho British capi talist was not to blame. They had nothing to complain of tho liberality and continuanco of the supply up to tho present timo. On tho 1st January, 1883, the debt of tho colony was £22,000,000, and on tho 1st January, 1892, it was £43,600,000, so that in nine years tho Go vernment of this colony had reooived a supply of £22,500,000. In addition to that, according to Hayter various public and municipal bodies had borrowed some £6,000.000, &ud; private persons anouc xno same oniuunc, maKing a total tor nine years of about £34,000,000. Undoubtedly these extensive borrowings had been responsible for two evils that had befallen this country — the extensive land speculation and tho gigantic nnd rockless expenditure cntorod upon by the Government in consequence of tho apparent prosperity of tho country. (Hear, hear.) Tho expenditure of 1877-78 was largo enough, but that of tho year succeeding was £500,000 in excess of it, and this again was topped by £1,750,000 more 111 1889-90. A late Treasurer had forced upon him an expenditure which had landed the colony last year into a deficit of somcwhorc over £200,000, which, if increased by unrecouped advances, would amount to £700,000. Under the circumstances it was not surprising perhaps that our credit had somewhat waned. What lmd we done with that gigantic mass of money wo had borrowed ? He was afraid a great deal of it had been wasted. Rail ways had been 'made, starting from public bouses and ending in swamps, and public works bad been constructed which served ho useful purpose; whilst in private life, palatial houses had been built which bad no tenants, anu boarding houses without boarders. . fo what extent our credit had''i:s the late Agent-General had explained in relation to the 1889 loan. During tho period in which he (Mr. Smith) held office as Agent- General, the city corporation of Melbourno floated a loan at slightly over £101 gross, or £100 10s. net ; yet now the Metropolitan Board of Works, an inuoMnsely more important body, were unable to raise a loan at any reasonable rate on the homo market. The question arose as to what steps were to be taken to restore our credit. (Hear, hear.) The first step that must ocour to ovory- ono was retrenchment, to sot our finances in a state of equilibrium. Retrenchment hastily carried out was not an unmixed good. It was surc to inflict a groat deal of hardship and in justice, and not the least evil of tho profuse expenditure of tho past won that it made the backward patli all the moro difficult. (Hear, hear.) The gap must bo filled up mainly by taxation. Ho was not, thank goodnoss, " rcasuror of the colony. Ho did not envy poor Mr. Shiels tho task I10 had bofore him. Taxa tion would only afford a temporary relief. Thoy must endeavor to promote the permanent wel fare of tho country, turn their attention to the development of their industrial resources, and especially to the development of their oxport business. (Hear, hear.) The excess of im ports over exports had decreased from £9,000,000 to £6,000,000, but they had not yet got back to tho balance of 1880. They were faced with the unemployed problem. No doubt they all desired the work ing classes should have full work and high wages, Tho colony would then indeed be a paradise for tho working man and everyone else. (What do you do for a living?) Ho fancied ho worked'quite as hard if not a little harder than the gentleman who interrupted him. (Hear, hear.) He fully . recognised that the Govern ment, being the largest employer of labor in tho country, should do its best to lessen tho depression whioh previous extravagance had caused. But help to tho unemployed could only be given temporarily, and must be made an end of as soon as possible. Tho party with whom he was allied questioned the sincerity of tho labor leaders. They believed tho objects which the labor leaders sought to attain were impossible of achievement or damaging to the State if they were achieved. Thoy felt bound to offer them- strenuous and united opposition, not on account of enmity, but because they felt that victory would be more disastrous to tho laboring classes than even defeat would be. Therefore ho earnestly asked all who thought with him to lay aside all minor consideration in the coming contest, Rn' 1 n'ldr?««> themselves with their utmost cnorgy to restoring penco, progress and prosperity to the country. (Hear, hear.) Ho would welcome, as Mr.. Patterson had done, most cordially tho great assistance whioh the Young Victorian Patriotic League was about to render to tho cause. They might look forward with confidence to the influence it would have on the country when tho present veterans of politios lagged superfluous on tho stage. He also wished to address that clausof people who professed not to understand politics, and wiio, something like Mr. Pickwick, shouted with the crowd, nnd if there wore two, shouted with tho loudest.' The timo was past for that sort of thing. (Hear, hear.) These tactics would no longer answer. They could no longer halt betweon two opinions. It was not enough to mean well and do nothing. If they thought tho Socialistic dreams and wild aspirations of the labor leaders were worthy of following, follow them, in God's name. But if they thought those things were destructive of tho best interests of tho State, they must not only think so, but talk and act and vote. (Hear, hear.) The general popula tion of the country was thoroughly in favor of the preservation of order. If this class acted with the present allies they would ho success ful, and tho victory would be very beneficial to the country. (Applause.) Mr. . Harper, M.L.A., moved— That inasmuch as tho main principle of the National Association is the preservation of the interest of nil sections of the community — and especially of tho grcnt producing interests— it is, in the opinion of this meeting, highly desirable .tlmt every effort bo made to form effective alliances with organisations having similar aims, in order that concerted action may bo taken at the forthcoming elections. Ho thought tho National Association should join hand in hand with other associations to endea vor in the present financial crisis to pull the country through. Tho National Association was not a Conservative organisation specially formed to promote class interests. It was intended to include all classes and form alliances to work out the salvation of the country. If the Liberals had not come into the associa tion, it was their own fault, for its programme was such as they could have adopted. The society was content to make itself neutral with regard to party politics, but there was no doubt on its determination to preserve tho right of personal liberty. (Hear, hear.) If the National Association had doue nothing moro than bring into being tho Young Victorian Patriotic League, its existence had not been in vain. (Hear, hear.) They were prepared to defend their country, to fight for it — (laughter and applause)— aye, and he believed to die for it. (Interruption.) The Chairman : I can tell that gentleman that if he continues his interruption I will send for Mr. Trenwith. He knows how to put them out. (Laughter and Applause.) Mr. Harper, resuming, said at last tho great producing interests of the country had deter mined no longer to be sacrificed. Tho National Association would co-operate with them, and they would bo glad to co-operate with a fourth regiment composed of respectable working men, whose hearts were with law and order, but were dominated, persecuted and tyrran- nised over by the Trades Hall Coun cil. (Loud hooting.) The association bolieved that a large body of the so called working men were utterly at variance with those who had been leading in the Socialistic agitation. All had heard reasons given for the present de pression. He would give a further reason. Ho believed we owed a great deal of loss of confidence in our credit to the belief prevailing at home that a olass of Socialistic agitators— (uproar) — had succeeded in so far unintentionally misleading a large body of working classes in tho com munity, who had partly succeeded in lay ing hold of tho reins of Government. The disastrous maritime strike was followed by almost the outbreak of civil war in Queensland. (Interruption.) They must endeavor to restore confidence, avoid all extremes and lay aside tho socialistic and communistic theories that were being promulgated. (Applause.) Mr. G. D. Meudell, in seconding tho motion, said that in forming tho Young Victorian Patriotic League, they did not desire to super sede the National Association, but would not bo absorbed by it. They would bo found on tho ramparts fighting anarchy, and could be relied upon to furnish volunteers for forlorn hopes. The political inactivity of the last fow years had been disastrous, becauso the young men of the day had not been politically educated. Tho association ho represented desired to repair that misfortune and carry ou the affairs of the colony to that hoight of prosperity which tho best nation of tho world had attained. There were 155,000 men in tho community between the ages of 21 and 40. They were as three to two in the male population, and that meant they would have the power of ruling the ensuing election. They were tired of going to Trenwith, Hancock and Maloney with bated breath to ask permission to live in our native land. They wanted work, not only for the laboring classes, but for clerks and shopmen and employers, too. Ho quite agreed with Mr. Harper that an effective alliance was to bo desired with other associations, but thoy wanted to follow out their own ends in their own way, and would not bear coercion from any other association extant. They hoped to wean to tho side of law and order many a straggler in tho communistic camp. As Aus tralians they ought not to decry tho national credit. They wore told tho Young Victoria Patriotic League was a flash in the pan. (So it is.) It was a flash in the pan thnt they hoped would set fire to a train of patriotic gunpowder which would blow to the four winds of heaven the preachers of sedition, treason and anarchy. (Applause.) They meant to do their best to tear them out root and branch. (Hear, hear.) Thoy did not wish to reduce this country to the level of the Argentine Republic. (Hear, hear.) Mr. James Campbell moved — That this meeting is opposed to tho principles of the one man one vote as tending to throw tho balance of political power into the hands of a class who have no settled interests in the colony and advocates tho due representation of thrift in any reform of the franchise. He had heard so much of the one man one vote question that he had almost gone mad with it. The idea was very beautiful and majestic, but like the Yankee said when looking down the hold of a ship, " tho darned thing's hollow." (A Voice: You're hollow.) He objected to senseless interruptions.. If they believed in giving a vote to a man for his manhood only would they give a vote to a Chinaman? At this stage an attempt was made to put an inter- jector out, and' a great disturbance resulted, whioh was only quelled by tho appearance of three policemen. Would any men who believed in one man one vote in private business give equal rewards to unequal merits ? No. Then why should they do so in politics ? Even under manhood suffrage it was insisted that a voter should be able to read and write. That was a qualification on equality, for every man could not read and write. There were certain limitations on equality always by law of nature. The advocates of one man one vote would put aside that law. (What about New Zealand?) Tho life of a nation was not counted by years, but by decades and centuries. The -political history of New Zealand had not thus far been encouraging, (Hear, hear.) The one man one vote was dangerous because it was likely to shift tho balance of power into tho wrong hands, (It's in tho wrong hands now.) Tho substitute they proposed was the dual vote. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Edmund Jowett seconded tho motion. Ho said the arguments in favor of tho one man one vote were founded on unsound abstract principles such as had led to the French Revolution and tho Reign of Terror. The object of tho men who were leading this movement was to counteract the influence of tho real workers of the community, and prosecute their communistic designs and schemes of confiscation and disorder. (Hear, hear, and interruption.) The resolution was carried, and tho meeting closed. 