MASONIC SERVICE. ONe of the most imposing and successful church services in connection with Masonry took place on Sunday afternoon least, at St. Paul's Church of England, Stockton, to commemorate the anniversary of the laying of the memorial stone by Bishop Camidge, of Bathurst. The craft mustered in great numbers, many of them coming from distant places to be present at the service. The musical service was that of Bridge water in A, and the anthems wore "Thine, O Lord, is the greatness ' (by Kent), and "O, Praise the Lord." The whole was rendered excellently by the choir, under the direction of Mr. T. Davidson. Miss D. Rae was allotted the solo. The duets were given by Mrs. A. J. Gray (of Sydney) and Mrs. James. Miss Chatfield,- with the two last mentioned ladies, gave the trios. Mrs. James presided at the organ. The Rev. W. Swindlehurst. chaplain of Lodge Sedgwick, delivered a most impressive sermon. Taking his text from 1st Corinthians, 3rd chapter, 10th verse, "A wise master builder," the preacher dwelt upon the nece sity of a solid and sound foundation on which to raise the superstructure, and went on in most eloquent terms to describe the three masonic temples, and showed the necessity and importance of paying due heed to the building up of our individual lives, as our bodies were in the highest sense the temples of the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of the service the incumbent stated that as the Masonic brethren had shown such apprrciation of the Masonic church services by their large and regular attendance, he sincerely hoped that ere long there would be a large united church service in connection with the craft, the collection at which service would be wholly devoted to the charities of Newcastle. The morning service was taken by the incumbent, Rev. W. F. James, who preached a very impressive sermon from Isaiah 60th chapter 2nd verse; and in the evening Rev. H. S. Millard, M.A., gave a very eloquent and instructive address, taking for his text St. Matthew, 8th chapter, 18th verse. The seating capacity of the church was taxed to the utmost. The emblems of the craft were both beautiful and profuse, and the artistic decoration of the church with flags, ferns, &c.;, presented a really beautiful ap- pearance. The above church owes its thanks to Mr. O. H. Hannell for supplying them with a magnificent bell, weighing over 2cwt., which has been erected in the tower during the past week, and was rung for the first time for the respective services on Sunday. 