The Story of a Portrait. It was the portrait of a lovoly girlish face, blooming as a fresh June roso just opening to the sunlight aud the breeze; a happy face, whose red lips, curled and dimpled in a winning smile, nnd whoso brown eyes hold the veritable sunshine of the heart imprisoned iu their softly-laughing depths. It was well painted too—exceedingly well painted. A feeling of surprise stole over me. How catno this untrained gem—a thing of evident merit and value—upon this poor and humble cottage wall? "Admiring Nellie's picture, amt you, ma'am?" said a gentle voice beside me. " Most folks do that. My daughter's portrait, ma'am, taken at seventeen." The speaker was my landlady, a gentle, kindly woman, ignorant—so far as books and schools were concerned—but wise by the experiences of a pure though suffering life, and full of good Christian thought and kindly feeling. She stood looking at the portrait with a loving smile. " The only child God ever gave me, ma'am, and my heart was set on her. All the more so that I lost her father while slio was still a babe. Of coursc, I spoiled her. I was but a silly woman, not half so rich in common sense'as 1 was in love. 7 She was all I had in the world wheu my husband died, and 1. spoiled her. " Til tell you her 6tory, if you like, the story of that portrait. It was painted by a young lover of hers. She had two of. i'them; . of v them,'did I iay J -She had dozens. There wasn't a young follow between our farm and the nearest town that wasn't iu love with my girl. She might have had her luck and choice of the uoys through the Countryside. Hut although one or two of them were well-to-do and handsome, she turned her pretty nose up at them all. And that suited me right well. I wasn't in any hurry to part with my beautiful child. Besides, when the time should come for her to marry, I knew who I wanted for her husband—Dick Lisle, the orphan child of my old bosom friend and schoolfellow. His father and my husband had been firm friends, too, and wheu, at fifteen, lie was left an orphan. \vho should take'charge of him but me? Nell was then twelve years old, and I scut her to boarding school. It was liard to part, God knows, but I bore it, as I would have home auything, for her good. It didn't seem to me that our village school was good enough for my handsome girl, who was. to be an heiress some day in a moderate way, besides beiug a beauty. "I grew very fond of Dick. He was company for me in the first cruel loneliness of parting from my girl, and cheered me up, and seemed almost like a sou to me. Then it was that 1 began to plan their marriage—a marriage that, instead of taking niv darling child away from me would keep 'her for ever at home. The lad had a nice little portion, too, and was steady, aud good, and handsome. It seemed to me that he must find favour in her eyes. The more I thought of it the more my heart got set on it, till it grew to be the favorite idea and object of my life. And every summer wheu Nell came home she seemed to grow more sweet aud beautiful. I was so blinded by my love and pride that I never noticed, never thought of, one natural result of her grand training." She was getting to be something of a fine lady DOW, and looked down a little on her old life aud companions. " But wheu she came home for good at last I did observe a certain change in her. She bad lost her old gay spirits, I thought, and seemed quiet, and even sad. Dick .thought his love-making "annoyed her. ' * She only thinks of mo as a brother or a friehd,| he said to me, sorrowfully, and he began to grow very despondent, for he loved her with his whole heart. - But I wouldn't hear of that. I had made up my mind, iu these five years, that he and no other should .marry my child. 'She's shy,' said I;' that's just all. Leave me to reason with her.' And 1 said to myself, the child doesn't know her own heart. Of course she loves him. When she knows how her mother's heart is set oil it she'll marry Dick, aud bless lue for it afterwards. 1 " So I talked to her. I ought to have told you that Paul Willis had arrived some three weeks before this, aud was boarded with us. He had just finished her portrait there and given it to me, and I was greatly taken with him. He was a handsome fellow, with a graceful boyish way about him that was sure to win a woman's liking. .Nellie had introduced him to us as a friend whom she had known at school. She grew very pale while I talked, and began to tremble quite pitifully. ' I can't, mother,' she said. ' I can't marry Dick. 1—1 love another.' And as the words left her lips, Paul Willis walked into the room. " I understood it all before another word was said. There wasn't any need for her to go to him, as she did instantly, and cling to his arm. I understood it all without that. I was an easy-going woman enough, not at all given to fits of temper ; but I flew into a violent passion then, for the first and, I think, the last time in my life. ' So,' said I, ' this is your fancy, is it ? He shall never have you, then, never! Leave bim, this iustant, aud take the man I've chosen for you, or take my curse !' Dear Heaven ! What wild and wicked thing's we say in fits of rage 1 As if I could ever put a curse upon my own dear child ! I think she believed me though, for she turned white to her lips. "' 1 can't leave him,' she said. ' It'stoo late for that. Mother, he is my husband!' sI can't tell what followed. 1 must have gone clean crazy, 1 think, for awhile. I remember ordering them out of the house, and tearing the picture down from the Avail, and flinging it after them ; and then understaud'jjagainy I. 'found T had' been ill for days and days. And Nellie and her husband were gone. She had taken only, such of her personal eflects as were indisputably her own, and had come into my room while I was asleep, they, told me, and knelt and wept beside me. Oh ! if they only had not told me that. It had the efl'eot of making me sure she would return, and I grew harder in my. anger and my pride, even while my heart was aching for her. But she did not return, and, after awhile, I began to realise that she would not. Oh, how I longed for her ! But I kept a stern face still, although I grew suddenly old, aud my black hair turned grey. " At last one day, a whole year after her flight, there came to the farm a letter. It was addressed to Dick Lisle, not to me, and in IS" ell's handwriting. Poor thing ' I understood well enough that she was afraid to write to me ; and yet, when the first delight of hearing from her was over, my jealous, longing love made me grow augry. The more so because Dick was away. It was hard to wait for uews of her till bis return. I might have opened the letter. Dick would have been willing, I well knew, but I was still too proud. 1 Since she would not write to her mother,' 1 thought, ' but chose Dick instead, I can do without her as she without me.' And She: "How tall you are, George 1" He: " Yes, you see I'm ail only child." It is only a dishonest tar 'who would take a messmate's watch. I waitod for his return. A whole week! God forgive me for it 1 Death would have been fav easier than my remorse when I learned at last what my pride had done. For the letter was a wild appeal for help, for mercy, for forgivoness, Her husband was ill, she WAS the mother of a little babe, and they were destitute aud. starving. ' Though my mother's curse is heavy upon me,' she wrote,' show mercy to my innocent ohild, for Christ's dear sake 1' Ob, the agony of my remorse ! My child was starving, dying, and 1, out of stubborn pride, had held her letter without answer, perhaps until too late. " Dick aud I started for London that very uiglit, and sought out the address ' her letter gave. Alas ! we wore too late indeed. Tuey had gone, leaving no clue behind them. ' I kept them as long as I could,' tho landlady said. ' Mr. Willis was awful ill and awful poor, but he tried hard to make a living and I pitied him. So talented, too ! If he'd only had a little money or friends to help him on he'd ha' been somebody. But poverty crushed him. They had relatives that they wrote to, and I kept them till they lost all hope of a reply. But, after all—well, I am poor myself, aud so they had to go.' Every word was a stab to my heart, a judgment on my sinful soul. 1 had lived iu miserable comfort at home while my only child was starving. ' Had they any money at all whep they left ?' 1 asked iu agony. The woman shook her head. 'I think not; There was a.few-jiom: dntfep^wid nit '^M <:X)icture,' tho'porti'ait af a vory pretty girl. That's all' And then our search began— long, wearying, fruitless, hopeless, heartsickening. If it hadn't been for Dick 1 must have died. A whole week went by. No clue, no sign. London was a big place, aud we were bound to find her. I suppose wo might have gone on searching to this day, or died, if it hadn't been for Nellie's picture. " Wo were passing a pawnbroker's shop one day, and I was well-nigh heartbroken, when, raising my eyes to the window, 1 met those sunny, merry ones of the portrait smiling on me like a happy ghost. I shrieked aloud with joy. But for Dick 1 should have fallen upon my kneos there in tho street., and thanked 'ii.kI a!ou .f that 1 had found her. But we hadn't really found her yet; it was but her picture, aud the clue as soon as found seemed to fail. ' He had bought it of a worn, ha^ gard-looking woman,' the man told us. Being asked if it could not have been her portrait, he Laughed and answered, 'Oh, dear, no ! She was a woman oftiftv, with grey hair.' 1 know where she lives, and can show you.' He did so. Our clue slipped further and further away. The woman was a sti-auger. "' I didn't sell it for myself,' she said, sullenly. 'I've a sick lodger upstairs sick and starving. I sold it for his wife. He's very low,' she said. '1 wouldn't startle him. I'll bring his wife.' And she did. A pale, emaciated, trembling woman came timidly creeping down the stairs. 1 didn't know her at first, didn't recognise the face, so pale, so worn ; but I knew the voice that filled my heart with its cry of ' M other !' and caught her as she would have fallen at mv feet. ' 1 have been sore chastised,' she groaned. ' I sinued, but I have been bitterly chastised.' Oh, so had I ! But sorrow was ended now. 1 clasped her to my breast. 'Thank God !' 1 cried ' It is not yet too late for happiness !' Ami we have enjoyed a bounteous share of it. I took them home, and you ma}' be sure the precious portrait went along with us. And Paul recovered; though ho was never strong. . The seeds of consumption were in his blood. And he died when mypretty grandchild wasibur years old. That sturdy little lad of ten, I uieau, who last night helped to carry your trunk for you. " Aud Nell ? Ay to be sure, you want the end of the story. Xell married again four years ago. Yoii'll see her. She" doesn't live far from here, upon the farm I gave them ; for the second time, the husband she chose was my choice too Dick Lisle has his life-long love for a wife at last, and I have —her portrait.'' 