HOW THE WIND BLOWS [Recorded by Vaxe3.] The lover of music who attends any public gathering for the purpose of having his senses tickled and his tastes gratified in this particu lar direction has many disabilities to contend with. Firstly, there is the unfortunate in fant robbed of its natural rest by|j its foolish mother, who regardless of the possible dangers the night air may have in store for her puling offspring, ruthlessly drags it from its cot to brave for two hours the draughts and perils of the concert-room. Small wonder that the youthful martyr resents such inhuman treat ment and at stated intervals lets off his indig nation in staccato howls to the utter discomfiture of the audience. We cannot blame the baby, we may even admire the pertinacity with which it chooses the softest piano passages in which to vent its grievances; but we shall have something to say presently by way of rebuke to its fond bub foolish mother. Then, again, there is the conversational concert-goer, the idiot who remains' obstinately silent during the short intervals of the programme and enters on an animated discussion directly the music com mences. What on earth he, or she too for the matter of that, attends a concert for is one of these mysteries that are hidden from the wise and prudent. Not for the music, for he never hears 'it; not even for the pleasures of intellec tual conversation, for hi3 remarks are a3 inane as his manners are boorish, he is simply a public nuisance whom to sit next is torture unendurable. Then there is the self-constituted critic, who delivers him self of oracular judgments in questionable English and equally doubtful taste. Some times the latter animal i3 amusing and con siderable fun was extracted at a recent exhibi tion concert from a criticism upon Signor Buzzi (Sig-nor Buzz-eye this gentleman called him), who was disparagingly compared with a certain entertainer yclept " Snozzle," and this too with a running accompaniment of crimson, blistering language. Very amusing, but alas, very painful too, to one who wishes to listen in perfect silence to voice or instrument. Let us sing pleadingly— Oh ! mothers with babies, Pray give U3 a rest, Oh, grant our request; Pond innocent gabies Keturn to its nesb This musical peat— Oh ! mothers with babies, Pray give us a rest. Unnatural mothers, Stay home with the kid, 'Twere best that you did ; Bemember that others You're seated amid Of him would be rid— Unnatural mothers, Stay home with the kid. Go, talkers so blatant, Go seek other fields, No joy music yields To you it is patent; Each one of you wields A jawbone like Nisid's, Go, talkers so blatant, Go seek other fields. Conversing inanely Your ignorance shows, Oh, prithee compose Your features ungainly; Don't add to the woes That others impoae— Conversing inanely Your ignorance shows. Oh! critics appointed By right of your own, • We wait to be shown You're of the anointed; \ At present unknown, We hear you and groan— Oh! critics appointed By right of your own. We only would listen To music's sweet song, We've suffered so long With teardrops that glisten; It cannot be wrong To use language strong— We only would listen To music's sweet. Those who imagine that visions of the sea serpent are thing3 of the past are doomed to disappointment. The latest story of the ap pearance of this monstrous marine insect comes from Aberdeen, where the crew of a fishing boat state that "while 'lying' at anchor off the coast an extraordinary-looking monster, with a neck like a giraffe, a long dark mane, and a skin spotted like fancy linoleum, sud denly rose over the gunwale and placed one foot at the prow and the other near the stern of their vessel. The boat listed ovei nearly three feet, to the horror of the crew, one of whom ran up the mast, while the others dropped into the hold. The creature remained in sighu for a quarter of an hour, so that ample time was afforded the fishermen to recover their wits and take stock of the visitor, which they further described as having ears of extraordinary dimensions, teeth like a marble staircase, and jaws sufficiently wide when open to stow away an omnibus.'' Phew ! Those fishermen must have " had 'em bad," and yet the veracious chronicler says a quarter of an hour was ample time for them to recover from the attack. Great Scott! A quarter of a year would scarcely suffice. Let us warble. The latest allusion to snakes, Alternately rising aud sinking, The fatal conclusion awakes Another ship's crew has been drinking. And tho' we'd not be so unkind As hint that these sailors were lying, To swallow the statement they'v e signed To us is most certainly trying. Now mind, We only admit it is trying. "We've seen folks who've "had 'em"before, And fullowed their wandering glances ; We've settled their snakes by the score, And winked at their feeble romances. We've thrown our old clothes at the wall, Dislodging some visional rabbit; Aud said, as we covered its fall, Such climbing was only a habit. That's all, Just simply a matter of habit. We've heard with no ghost of a smile One toper reciting a sonnet In tones you could hear for a mile (This lattor was properly on it). Another in language Bublime Has sketched out the plan of creation, Convinced he was there at the time Suggesting some grave alteration. Like Syme, He knew where to make alteration. And then when our patients would cry, "Great Scott! now we're ready for slaughter," We would make some evasive reply And dose them with brandy aud water. We've listened all night to their tales, Have now and then met with a rough one; The brightest of all of them pales Before this exceedingly tough one. It fails To rival this awfully tough one. And so, we would hazard, you see, A guess that can hardly be risky— That that which arose from the sea, Arose, as a fact, from the whisky. That monsters may sometimes abound In water, we fully conceive it, But think they'll more often be found In water that's mixed with Glenlevib. Not drowned, But lively when mixed with Glenlevit. Payn, the novelist, has recently been repining because the world is less lighthearted and gay than it used to be in days of old. With liim we would like to sing a merry roundelay of Those Good Old Times. In the golden days of old Happy people, care beguiling, Passed their time, so we are told, Or in laughter or in smiling. Had they got some task to do, Into it they'd gaily buckle, Working all the daylight through With an everlasting chuckle. Now the novelist repines, There is no suoh thing as laughter ; Man with solemn visage whines. Be he e'er so much a " grafter," Pantomime but makes him stare, Comedy no more is winning, Clowns but make him claw his hair; Nothing now can set him grinning. Willow waly ! woe is me 1 This is true that Payn iB writing; All the world's frcm humor free, All the critics cold and biting. Would you rest this saying's truth t Then if you would truly know it, Take your pen in hand, forsooth, Try and be a comic poet. 