Reviewer. Two New Volumes of Australian Poetry. Two small but attractive-looking volumes of Australian poetry have just reached us, one published in the world's metropolis and the other in our own city. 11 Songs of the South,"* by Mr. J.B. O'Hara, which comes to us from the Sydney agenoy of the publishers, Messrs. Ward, Lock, Bowden, and Co., has had the good fortune to be favour ably noticed in certain of the leading literary papers in London. The publishers, with a kindly forethought for the needs of the 'prentice critic, the blameless Antipodean, whioh we are at a loss how sufficiently to commend, have furnished us with a daintily got-up little sheaf of excerpts from these estimates, gleaned, doubtless, all at random from fat fields of praise. We venture, nevertheless, to form and to give utterance to an opinion of our own, and one, moreover, which does not in all respects coinoide with those whioh have been so oblig ingly supplied to us. The first verse of the first'poem in the book, " Prelude," runs as follows :— I love the old-time lays That wear not out tho greenness of their spring; Above these halcyon days They brood aloft with stirlesa glimmering wing; Unconsciously liko dew Their beauties (ail and pierce the flowers ot Fancy through. It seems to us that the hapless region whioh Mr. O'Hara, a couple of verses further on, com miserates as the "songless South" had as well stay songless as for the Antarctic silences to be broken by such sorry stuff as this. " Aurora," "To Romance," "Oceanus," and "iEolus," are all more pretentious than pleasing. " The Days of Sweet October," despite the fact that " winds" is offered as a rhyme to J* shrines," is much superior in its simplicity to these treasuries of classical allusion. So also, notwithstanding Bimilar flaws in construc tion—"lifts . . . cliffs," "isles . . . wilds"—is "The Wreck." The poems in which the influence of Henry Kendall is ap parent are, upon the whole, the best in the book. They have at all events something of distinctive local colour; are-something more than pallid reflections of other men's minds. From " Tallangatta," which is perhaps the most favourable specimen of those which more or less remind one of Kendall's manner, we extract the following lines:— Whore a deeper purple hangetb on the immemorial hills, FiV"> tuneful with tho singing of the mossy-fringed rills . Hard by hidden mountain altars, hard by shady dalo and del In, Where white Winter seldom goeth with his stormy syllables. In the valley of the Mltta, where the moorland nightly rings With the 'plaining of the plover and the curlew's echoings, Underneath tbo breezy ranges, haunted by a sylvan song, Fair Tallangatta lies sleeping, and the Mltta rolls along. Days and months, too, soon will vanish, and tho winged years will glide, Links within the chain of ages, ripples on the swelling tide; Other scenes will throng around me, other forms will meet ray gore, Far away in other seasons, far away in future days; But the memories of this Eden, of this valley of the moon, Dear to woodland bowers and meadows, dear to dell and lone lagoon, Will entwine around my spirit and recall this home of song Where Tallangatta lies sleeping and the Mitta rolls along. Mr. O'Hara, as the quotation made will, we fancy, Berve abundantly to show, has been near the rose—very near indeed. At the risk, nevertheless, of finding ourselves hereafter denounced in " stormy syllables," we must add that he himself is not tho rose. " Camp Canzonettes,"t by Mr. Frederiok Charles Urquhart, whose name is already known as that of an occasional contributor to the poet's corner of more than one of the Bris bane weeklies, is the other little book of poems just received. The preface, or " prefatory note," is a model for all time of the deprecatory order of composition. But let that pass. It is not for us to call attention to a shy mortal's blushes. The dedioatory stanzas are touching and in good taste:— If I have ever struck a note Of gentlo thought or softer tone, It is because the thought of you Has never left me quite alone. And grateful for that influence sweet Through all these long and tiresome times, While we were fated not to meet, I now inscribe to you these rhymes. " Carpentaria to Leichhardt" is a brief but not ungraceful tribute to the memory of the lost explorer. " The Night Watch" will com mond itself to "cattle men" as a realistic sketch, and has the farther merit of being well put together in the matter of versification. " Told by the Camp Firo" is likewise a faith ful, although a terribly gruesome, picture of another incident of Australian bush life. The manner somewhat recalls that of Bret Harte in his Western verse, and altogether the poem is certainly the most powerful one in the book, and the one also which gives promise of future achievement. A little poem of two six lino stanzas, " Chanson d'Amour," although in nowise an imitation, irresistibly recalls Alfred de Mußset's pathetic and musical chanson— Rapelle- toi; quand l'&urore; oraintive, with ita plaintive refrain, Rapolle-toi, rapelle-toi! Mr. Urquhart's book is very small, but the proportion of readable and interesting poems is a fairly large one. An Australia* Stobt-book for Children. Mary A. Fitzgerald is already favourably known as a writer for children by her very interesting little book (published a year or two ago if we recollect aright) entitled "Australian Furs and Feathers." A collection of short Btories illustrative of the manners and customs which were wont to obtain among the aborigines and of their legends with reference to animals has now been put together by Miss Fitzgerald under the title of " King Bungaree's Pyalla,"* and we have very great pleasure indeed in commending it to our readers as a book which children are certain to like. The stories of how the kukuburra first came to laugh, the bower birds to build their play-about camps, the children of the teal to turn out to be platypi, the brush turkey to give up the toilsome business of hatching, and the lyre bird to be endowed with his lovely tail, and many wonders more, all are recounted in King Bungaree's Pyalla. The book is well written, is dearly printed, and is illustrated with very fair drawings of birds and animals. * "Kinß Bangaree's Pyalla; and Stories Illus trative of Manners and Customs that Prevailed among Australian Aborigines;" by Mary A. Fitzgerald (authoress of "Australian Fur and Feathers"), Sydney, 1891. Edwards, Dunlop, and Co., Limited, Sydney, Brisbane, and London. * "Songn of the South;" by John Bernard O*Haia, M.A. Ward, Lock, and Co., London, New York, and Melbourne, 1891. \+ "Camp Oanzonetlcs; Being Rhymes of the Bash and Other Things;" by Frederic Charles Urqubart, author of "An Ocean Ghost," "Trends of tho Blacks," Ac. Brisbane; Gordon andGotch, Xbdnlers. QafiCD-KtrocL 