[CONTINUED FROM SATURDAYS ISSUE. [.ML EIGHTS RESERVED.] NA.DA THE LILY. BY E, KlDER HAGGARD. CorYEtGiiY, iS91. By H. Rider HArcrunn CHAPTER X. The Tiuat, oi* Mofi. Is'ow, I sat four dr.ys in the huts of tho tribe whith«." ! n:u! been sent, and did the kiiigVs business. And on the fifth morning I rose up, together with those with me, and we turned our faces towards the king's kw.al. But when we had journeyed R little v.nr we met n party of f-oldi&'rs, who commanded us to stand, | ' What is it, king's men !' I asked boldly* 4 This, son of Makednma,' onswercd their spokesman, ' givu over to Vis your wife Macrophia and your children, Umslopogans and Nada.-th.lt we may do with them as the king commands." . ' For Umslopogaas,' I answered, Mie hafe I "one where the king's arm caufcot. strctch, for he is dead ; andffor Wy wife Macropha and my daughter,:!\ada, they are by now in the cave's of the Siva?.is, and thither the king y,-,11st seek them with an army if he will find them. To Macroglia lie is welcome, for I hate her, and have divorced her ; and as for the girl, wo!!, there me many - gills, a lid it is no great mutter if she lives ur dies« yet I pray him to spare her.' , | Thus I spoke W.rtsiessly, for I knew well : that my wifeulid child were beyond the reach ! of Chaka. .. . i ' 1 You flo'vell to 15k tho girl's life, sain ] tho soldier, laughing, ' for all those born to you are dead, by order of the kins.'. 'Is it indeed ao ?' I answered calmly, 1 though ray knees shook and 1113' tongue clove to my lips. ' The will of the king bo done. A cut stick puts out new leaves J I can have more children.', ' Ay, Mopo 5 but you must first get new wives, for yours are dead also, all five of them.' 'Is it indeed sol' I answered. .'Tho king's will be done. ' I wearied of those brawling women.' ' So, AIopo,' said the soldier v 1 but to get 1 other wives and have wore children born to ' you, and you yourself must livei fttr ho chil dren aro born to the dead) and I think that Chaka has an assegai which you shall kiss.'_ 1 1 Is it so V I answered. • The king's will j be done. The sun is hot, and I tire of the , read. He who kisses tho assegai sleeps sound.' •_< ■ Thus I spoke, my father, and, indeed, in that hour I desired to die. The world tviis empty for me. Macropha alid Kftaa were ] gone, Umslopogaas was dtfid, and dead were j my other wives anu children. I had little heart t» begin to build up a new house, none were left for me to love, and it seemed well that I should die also., - 1. . The soldiers asked of those with live if t hat tale was true which I told 01 the death of Umslopogaas, Mid of trie going of Macropha and Nad;*, into Swaziland. They said, Yes, it wM true. Then the soldiers said that they would load me back to the.king, and at this I wondered, for I thought that they would kill, me where I sto«d. So wo. wont on, and piece by piece I learned what had happened at the king's kraal. > On the day after I left, it ttditie to the ears of Chaka, by the mouth of his spies, that my second wife—Anadi—was sick and spoke strange words in her sickness. Then, taking threo soldiers with him, he went to my kraal at the death of tho day.. At the gates of. the kraal he left the tlireo soldiers, bidding them to suffer none to come in.or to go out,! but he himself entered the large hut where Anadi lay sick, having his toy assegai, with, the shaft of tho royal red wood, in his hand. Now, as it chanccd, in the hut were Unandi, the mother of Chaka, and Baloka, my Bister, tho wife of Chaka, for, not knowing that T had taken away Umslopogaas, the son of Baluka, according to their custom, these two foolish ones had come to kiss and fondlo the lad. Buc when they entered the hub they found it full of my other wives and children. These they sent away, all except Moosa, the son of Anadi, who lay sick—that boy who was born eight days before Umslopogaas, the son of Chaka. Him they kept in the hut and kissed him, and gave him iniphi* to cat, and they did this fearing lest it should seem strange to tho women, my wives, ■if,- Umslopogaas being gone, they would take notice of 110 other child. Now, as they. sat thus, presently the door way was darkened, and behold ! the king himself crept through it, and saw them fond ling the child Moosa. When they knew who it was that entered, the women flung them selves upon the ground before him and praised him. But I10 smiled grimly, and bade them be seated. Then lie spoke to them, saying, 'You wonder, Unandi, my mother, and Baluka, my wife, why it i3 that I am come here into the hut of Mopo, 5or of Makedanm. I will tell you: it is because he is away upon my businc-ss, and I hear that his wife Anadi is sick—it is sho who lies I there, is it not 1 Therefore, as the first doctor in the land, I am come to cure her, Unar.di, my mother, and Baleka, my sister.' Thus he spoke, eyeing them as he did so, and taking snuff from the blade of his little assegai, aud though his words were gentle they°shook with fear, for when Chaka spoke thus gently lie meant death to many. But Unandi, Mother of the Heavens, answered, saying that it was good that the king had come, since his medicine would bring rest and peace to her who lay sick. 'Yes,' he answered; 'it is good. It is; pleasant, moreover, my mother and my j siater, to bco you kissing yonder child. Surely, were he of your own blood you could not love him more.' [ jftow they trembled nqain, and prayed in thoir hearts that Anadi, the sick woman, who Iav asleep, might not wake and utter foolish words in her wandering. But the prayer was answered from below and not from above, for Anadi woke, and, hearing the voice of the king, her sick mind flew to him whom she believed to be the king's child. ' Ah ' ' she said, sitting upon the ground and pointing to her own son Moosa, who squatted frightened against tho wall of tbo hut. ' Kiss him, Mother of the Heavens, kiss hira ! Whom do they call him, the young cub who brings ill fortune to our doors ? They cull him son of Mopo and Macronha,' and she laughed wildly, stopped speaking, and sank back upon tho bed of fikin.i. * A vuriety of sugar-cane.— Ed, 'Thecall him eonof'Mopoard Macropha,' said thb king in a low voice. 'Whoso son is he, then, ■womku V *,* Oh; a.«k her not, 0 king/ pried his another nnd his wife, casting th'csiiselves upon the ground benvre him, for they wcro mad with fear.. 'Ask her not; she has Strangj fancies such as arc not meet for your ears to hear. She is bewitched, and has dreams and fancies.' ' ' - ' ' ' Pence !' he Miswt;red» 'I wbUM listen to this woman's vahdbfihgs. Perhaps some s'ar' of IrulK^ koines in her darkness, and I would sce_light. Who, then," is he woman?' .'Who is lie?' the answered,-. 'Are you, then, a fool that ask whtf ho' is 1 Hb is— hush!—-putyour enr Close—let mb sftwik !pw lest the reeds of the lutfc (vhisHer Yfc tt> the king' He.ia=-}te Vn\l , Ho ik—the soil ui Ch.-ika and Baleka, the s.istei; of. Mopo, whom Unandi, Mother of the , He&veiiB;, palmed off upon this house to bring a curse on it, and whom sho would lead out before tho people when the land" is Weiiry ,of tire wickedness of tho kimr,' hei* Sbh; W bike the place of the hSiig.' 'ft is false, O king!' cried the two,women. ' Do not listen to her; it is false. This boy is hor own son Moosa,' whom she does not know in her sickness.' 1 ' " But Chaka stood Up,in the huh.and laughed terribly, 1 Truly( Nobiala prophesied wall;' he.cried,, ' and I .did (!i'e'f. So this is the triaV i^-cn h.is£ played upon me, 'my teotiiiit. Thou wouldst^giye me a son who will have no son'; tlibii woiildst give me a son to kill me. Good! , Mother of the Hearens, take thou the doom of "the Heavens'}"'/Thou wouldst give riie a son to slay'me and rule in my place; now, in turn, J.thysnti, ,wlll rob me of a mother. Did,- Onsifidi l-^-die at the hands thus didst bring: forth.' Attd hb lifted the 3it>.l>; ass^i ahli sihote It through lief. . For a moment Unandi, Mother'of the Heavens, wife of SenzanRBcona, stood utter ing no cry. Then she put up her hand and drew the assegai from her heart. ' So shalt thou also die, Chaka the Evil!' she cried, and fell down dead there in the hut, _ , Thus* thebi 'did 'Chats sky liis mother Unahdi, ■ r . . _ Now,' when Baleka saw what'had been done, she turned and fled from the hut to the 'Emposeni,' and- so swifty that the guards at the gates oould not stop hc-f. But when she reaohod her o\Vn hUt heir strength failed her, and she fteiT sBhceieis on the ground-. Bjit tno Ooy Moosa, my eon, being ovefconto with terror, stayed where he was, aud Chaka, believing him to bo his son, murdered hiiri also, and with his own linhd; ...Then he stalked out of the hut, and, leavp ing the three guards^ nttlho t»vt«s Wtrimahn&d; n company,ofr-Bt)kifeta to Surround the kraal, • and fita it. This they, did,'and as the"' people rushed out they killed them, and those who did not rush out were burned^n the fire. Thus, then, perished all tiiv wivfes-, 1,13' children, my BomhtS, nti>l UuHB ftiit; were within the gilltss in their company. 2 , "lv'"ls burned, and the bees in it, and 1 alone was left living—l and Macropha aiid r*adn, who were far awar, - Nor was Chaka yet'filled fritM-ibi'nd. for, as has beon told-, ho selit Messengers bidding thorn kill Mflcropha, my wife, aiid Nada, my daughter, and him who was named my son. But to the messengers he said this word, that they should not slay me, but brihg ih^. living before hi|H. ) No<»> frbftii the soldiers did not kill;me I took counsel with myself, for it was my belief that I was saved alive only that I might die later, and in a more cruel fashion. There fore, for a while, T" thought that it. would be well if I did that for myself which ahother waited to do for me. Why should J, was already dopmttl', Wait to meet, my doom ? : What htul I left' ro keep me in the place of : ''^ei Seeing that all whom I loved were dead? To die would be easy, for I knew the ways of death. In my girdle I carried a secret medi cine ; he who eats of it, iny father, will see the sun's shadow move no ' more, and will never look upon the stars again/' But I was not minded to know tho nrtsegitior the kerrie, rior would I perish more slowly betieaih the ku:yoa n( this tormentor?) nor be parched by tlle.pangs of thirst- or vraiidfir eyeless to my j therefore it was that, since I had sat in the dfiom ring looking hour'aftor hour in to the iace of death, I had borue this mcdi cine with me by ni>;ht and by day. Surely now was,the time,to, use it. - . So I though fc-as I sat through* the watches of the night, ay 1 and drew out the bitter drui; and laid it ots illy toligue; But eVen.as I did so I H'lncmbered my daughter .Nada, who. was .still Jteft tii irie; though she sojourned in a i.ir country, and my wife Mscropha arid my sister' Baleka, who lived yet, so said the soldiers, though how it came abont that the king had not killed her I did not know (lieu. Also. another";thought:was born in my hea'rt. While .life was in me; I might be, 'revenged. upon him. who had wrought me this woe ; but can the dead strike? Alas 1 the dead'at'e slt'ehgUiless, "till have hearts to suffer, they have iio' hands to give back'1.blow for blow. Nay, I would live on. Time to die when death could no more be put away. Time to die when the voice of Chakaspoke my doonii Death chooses for himself apd answers no questions, he !s a gueSfc to whom none need i p)ieh ih'c 'door of his hut, for when lie wills he can pass the thatch like the air. Not yet would I taste that medicine of mine. So I lived on, my father, and the soldiers led me back to the kraal of Chaka. Now, when.we came to the kraal it was night, for the sun had sunk, as we passed through tho j gates* Still, as charge had. been given him. the Captain of those who watched me went in before the king and told him that I lay with - out in bonds. . And the king, said, ' Let him be brought before 1110, who was my physician, that I may tell him how I. have .doctored those of his house.' So they took me and led me to the royal houses, and pushed me through Llie doorway of tlie great, hut, _Now, a fire,,burned in the. hut, for the night was cold, and Chaka sat.on tho further side of the fire, looking towards the opening of the, hut, and the smoke from the fire wreathed liiin/round, and the light of the fire shone upon his face and dickered in his ter rible eyes., ... • . At> the door of the hut Certain of tho coun cillors seized mo by the arms and dragged mo: towards tho , fire. But I broke from them, and. prostratiuj,' myself, for .mj* arms were free, I praised the king and called him by his royal names. The councillors sprang to-, wards me to seize me again, but Chaka said, Lei; h;ni be, I. would talk with my servant.' Then the councillors bowed themselves on either side, and lay their hands on their stirk", their foreheads touching the ground. But I sat down on the floor of the hut over against, the king, and we talked through the fire. . ' Tell me of the cattle that I sent, thee forth to number, Mopo, son of T\Lik- eda-na,' said Chaka. ' Have my servants dealt honestly with my cattle ?' 'They have dealt honestlj', 0 king,' I answered. ° ' * Tell me then, of the number of the cattle and of their markings, Mopo, forgettin« none.' ■ 1 So I sat. and told him, ox by ox, cow by cow, and heifer by heifer, forgetting none ; and lie listened silently as one. who is asleep. But I knew that he did not sleep, for all the while the firelight flickered in his terrible e}*es. Also.I knew that he did but torment me, or that, perhaps, he would learn of the cattle before he killed me. At length all the tale was told. ' So,'said tho king, 'it goes well. There are yet honest men left in the land. Ivnowest thou, Mopo, that sorrow has come upon thy house while thou wast about my busi ness ?' ' I have heard it, O king !' I answered, as one who speaks of a 3mall matter. ' Yes, Mopo, sorrow bus come upon thy house, the curse of Heaveu has fallen upou thy kraal. They tell me, Mopo, that the fire from above ran briskly through thy huts.' ' I have heard ft, O king !' 'They tell mo,.Mopo, that those within thy gates grew mad at the sight of the fire, and dreaming there was no escape, that they stabbed themselves wilh assegais or leaped into the flames.' ' I have heard it, 0 king ! What of it? Any river is deep enough to drown a fool!' 'Thou host heard 't, Mopo, but thou hast [ not yet heard all. Knowest thou, Mopo, that among those who died in thy kraal was she who boro me, she who was named Mother of the Heavens ?' Then, my father, I, Mopo, acted wisely, because of the thought which my j;ood spirit gave me, for I cast myself upon the ground, and wailed aloud as though in utter grief. ' Spare my ears, Bla'ck One !' I wailed. ' Teli mo not that she who l);>rc thee is dead, 0 Lion of the Zulu. For the others, what is it ? It is a breath of wind, it is a drop of water; but this trouble is as the gale or ns the sea.' „ ' Cense; mjr feeryjinc; cb'ase !' said-' thu rooekiug Voice of Cliaka, ' but know? this, tliuU hast done wall to grieve aloud because the Mother of the Heavens is no more, and ill wouhlst tliou have done to cricve because the fire from above hns kissed thy gales. For lindit tliou done this last thing or left the first Undoiie( X chould have kuo'ivh that thy heart frs3 wicked, and ijy how thou wouldst have wept indeed—tears of ..bloid, Mono. It is well for thee, then, that tliou has'read my riddle aright.' Now I saw tho greatness of the pit. fcliat I Ohika liad dug for iiie; ahtl blessed itiy ! ' Iililoae;'. V''Ko pid nut l>\th mt* libillri Uwso ' words tVnilih I should answer. I hoped also j that Cnaks would now let me go ; but it was not to be, for this was but the beginning of my tiial. .: ' Knowetft thoU, Mopo/ said the king, ' that- SB lnv tiiOthtet died yohderin thfe H.mies of thy brail shegiibd biit 'tny.pbs'jd terrible wOt'Hs tiiutviiiH'.Q i;b Hiy eiirs through the sing ing of the fire. These were her words ; dint thou, Mopo, and thy sister Bnlekn, and thy wives, hud conspired together to give a child to nc who would be childless. These were her words, the worda that came to me r!m;uy!i the singing of the fits. Teii.irie now; where arb, tht>?b ciiijdtea, .tltttt Ifyyji ieddest fculiiftiy kfaui, the ooy. with the liou eyes who is named Uuislopogaas, and the girl who is named Nada ?' ' Umslopogans, is dead by the lion's mouth, 0 king !' I answered, ' and Nada sits in the Swazi saves' ; and I told liiin of the dentil; of Umslopogaas fttitl of how I had divorced Macropha, myWife. . s ■■ , . ' Theboy.jtvitji (ho llbti^Sybs. t8, mnMth t* said. CUiUtti. ' EtioUgn of uim ; ho is gohc. Nada may yet be sought for with" the assegai in the Swazi ;'cnough of her. Let us speak of this song that my mother—who, alas 1 is dead, Mopo—this song she sang ■ through tho singing c>f the flumes. Tell me, Mopo, tell mo lioff, was it ft true talc!' 1 Nay, 0 king ; sUrely the Mother, of tile HeaVeiife, ifys. juiiddened I tlife 'HcslVeuS A'hen ssH'i sidi* tost -softg,' I answered. 11 know naught of it, O King.' . ' Thou kno'west naught of it, Mopo ? 6aid the king ; and again he looked at me terribly through the reek of the fire. * Thouknowest naught of it, Mopo? Surely thou act a-cold | thy nandB shake with uuld: 2faV; tilAii; feat not—ft'aHn tijeiii,^warm-.tHetti; B^cJ" iittft', {jl'itijb tnikt liana of thine into the heart of tlie flame !' and he pointed with his little assegai, the assegai handled with tlie royal, wood, to where the fire glowed reddest—ay, he pointed mid hughed, Thelii my fathet, I j-t'titt- Cold iild@edp= I £i'Sw ieold ftllJ Sbbit audiliu ue ubt; foi? I Saw the purpose of Chaka He would put mo j to the trial by fire. * _ _ ' "j For a moment I sat silent, thinking. Then , the king spoke again in n great voice ; 'Kay, Motm, be not,so baekiViitd j.shall 1 stt iVatm anu sets thee siiiftif -fiijbi! Wha^ tiiy coiiii oillsl'3, ilsO, taKe the hand of Mopo, and hold it in the flame, that his heart may reji>ice in the warmth of tliB^fliiilib tve speak togtellet l){ tliis^ ninttiij' bf tRa Shild that r-'jt§; so 11$ lnoiii&r; saiig, corn to Baleka, my wifv, the sister of Mopo, my servant.' 'Thero is little need for that, O king,' I answered, being made bold by fear, for I saw that if I did nothing death woul$ swiftly end my dotibts; Onc^ itidseli'i t l>ethD(%lifc tiio of t!;b |iHisoh thill I. We, and was minded to swallow it and make an end,- but the deBir.e to live is great, arid keen is the thirst for ven geance, so I said to niy , heart : ' Njt yet awhile I will enduro this also';- afterwards, if need be, I can die,' ' I tlrnt.k the king for his gtadlousties) and 1 will.Wartn.ttio Ut the fire; . jipfcdk «ti| 0 Itiii.if, A'lillie l war'rii .ma at the-fire. and thou shalt. hoar truo words,'I said boldly. ' Then, my father, I stretched, out my left hand and plunged it into the fire—not into the hottest of the fire, but where the smoke leapt from the flame. Now, my flesh was wet with the sweat' of fear, and for a little moment the flames curled round it arid did not burn it. But 1 knew that the torment Was to cunio. Fora.short while Chaka watched me,smiling. Then ho spoke .nlowly, that the fire might iind time to do its work. ' t ! 'Say, than, Mopo. thou knowest nothing of this iuatter of the birth of , a, son to ,thy sister Baleka ?' . , • . > ' I know this only, 0 king 1' I answered. 1 that a son was born ill past years , to thy wife Balelia, that I killed the child accord ing to Ihy word, arid laid its body before tl>?S:1 .. . . v. . , . ' c • Now, nij father, the steam from my ;flesh had been drawn from my hand bj' the heat, and tho flame got hold of me and ate into my flesh, and its torment was great. But of this I showed no sign upon my face, for I knew well thav if I showed sign or uttered cry, then, havine failed in the trial, death would be my portion. ' _ , ' Then tho king spoke again ; 'Dost thou Awear by my ,head, Mopri, that tlo soii of mine was suckled in thy kraals V 'I swear it, 0 king 1 I swear it by thy head,' I answered. And now, my father, the agony of the fire was such as may not be toldi I felt my eyes start forwatd in their sockets, my: blood seemed to boil within me, it rushed into my head, and down my face there ran two tears of blood. But yet 1 held my hand in the fire and made no sign, while the king and his councillors watched me curiously. Still, for a moment, Chaka said nothing, and that moment teemed to mo as all the years of my life., ' Ah P he said, at length, '1 see that thou growest warm, Mopo ! Withdraw thy hand from the flamo. I am answered ; thou hast passed the trial ; thy heart is clean ; for had there been lies in it tho fire had given them tongue, and thou hadst cried aloud, making thy last music, Mopo !' Now I took my hand from the flame, and for awhile th» torment left me. ' It i3 well, O king !'. I said calmly. ' Fire has no powei of hurt on those whose heart is pure.' But as I spoke I looked at my left hand. It was black, my father—black as a charred stick, and the nails Wer<s gone from the twisted fingers. Look at it now, my father ; yon can see, though my eves are blind. The hand is white, liko yours—.t is-white and dead and shrivelled. These aro marks of tlie firo in Chaka's hut—tho firo that kissed ino many, many years ago ; I have had but litt le use of that, hand since that- night of torment. But tny right arm yet remained to me, my father, and, ah I used it. ' It seems that Nobeln, the doctresa, who is dead, lied when she prophesied evil on me from thee, Mopo,' said Chaka again. ' It seems that thou art innocent of this offeuce and that Baleka, thy sister, is innocent and that the song which the Mother of tho Heavens sang through the, singing flames was no true song. It is well for thee, Mopo, for in such a matter my oath had not helped thoe. But my mother is dead—dead in tlie flumes with thy wives and children, Mopo, and in this there is witchcraft. We will have a mourning, Mopo, thou and T, such a . mourning as has not been seen in Zululand, for all the people i on the earth shall weep at it-1 Av-d there shall be a'smelling out' at this mourning, I Mopo. But we will summon no witch-doc tovs, thou and I will be witch-doctors, and ourselves shall smell out those who have brought these woes upon us. What ! shall roy mother die unavenged, she who bore mo and has perished by witchcraft., and shall thy wives and children die linavongcd—thou being innocent 1 Go forth, Mopo, my faithful servant, whom I have honored with the warmth of mv fire, go forth !' and once again ho stared at ine through the reek of the flame, and pointed with his assegai to the door of tho hut. CHAPTER XI. The Coukkei, of Balcka.. I rose, I praised the king with a loud voice, and I went from tho Intunkulu, the house of the king. I walked slowly through tho gates, but when I was without the gates tho anguish that came upon me because of my burnt hand was more than I could bear. I ran to and fro groaning till I eamo to tho lint of one whom I knew; There I found fat, and hav ing plunged my hand in the fat, I wrapped it round with a Bkin and passed out again, for I might not stay still. I went to and fro, till at length I came to the spot where my huts had been. The outer fence of the huts yet stand ; the fire had not caught it. I passed through the fence ; there within wore the ashes of the burnt huts—they lay ankle deep. I walked in among the ashes ; my feet struck upon tilings that were sharp. The moon was bright, and I looked ; they were the blackened bones of my wives and children. I Hung myself down in the ashes in bitterness of heart ; I covered myself over with the ashes of my kraal and with tho bones of my wives and children. Yes, my father, thovo I Jaj, and on me were the ashes, and among tho .ashes' were the bones. Thus, then, did I lio for the last time in my kraal, and was sheltered froin the frost of the nighfc by tli's asHc.i of thbi-j wnbiii 1 iiaa giVeli life. Such were the things that befell us in . the days of Chaba, iny father ; yes, not to me alone, but to.nmny another also. I lay among the ashen and groaned with the paili of luy burn, tintl gioiinci! (riso from the desolation of my heart, VV!iyh?.dl not tasted of the poison-, t'>crs jn the hut* of Clinkaj and before the. eves of Cliaka j Why d.i5.| i)bt taste it now arid make sif'crid'.?. 'Nay I liad endured tlio figqny ; ,1 Would not giv'u liitri this, is'sfc. trjaiiiph over me; Kbfrf having jjasscd the fire; once move I should be great in tiife land; and I would becoihb, Tbsj I. irShlH' oeKi- my' sorrow?, and become great, that in a day to he I[niight wreak vengeance on-the' king. Ah). W fa^leri there, as I. lay '.aipbng. the ashes,, I jirnyed to tbc . Anidtongo," to. the .ghosts of my ancestors, .1 prayed to my Bhloso. to .'lie spirit that ffatulii-fi Hie—av, and i oveh dared to pHty'.to thoUmkulukuiuj the (rtfeai the woriil; ivho. moves through the world unsceo. ££l,uniit!&ri3;: And thus I pray cd, that-1 m igl it.y et J i ve tolcill Chaka as ho had killed those who were dear to me. And while I prayed I slept, or, if I,(lid licit sleep, the lignt of thought went op.t.of.me, mid I brsOatlic as one ttawJ. And while I iiiy liiua tllere ciliiiti a visloil (6 iilfe,- ft Vision, ilirit.ftas §eti^. iit.rtnstVfer t,(i ihy j)rayer.: or, porenihet, it ftfia it 'iistlnsiiS, bt>rh of my sorrows. For, my father, it seemed to-lite., that I stood upon the hank uf a river great; nnd wide. t was gloomy there, the light lay low upon the face of the river, hut fnr atfay on tlio further sirle was a clow like Iho: glow of a stUtillV diltth, ftlltl ih thcsjlow I saw a mighty l(ed of riiedst thrit sviiyed alitliit in th(j. lir.b'ilh. Mife' , .tlfiivii; liticl- diit of the 1 reeds Oaiiie liiriii iliid ?nmeH :nnd children,-by hundreds and tens of iiund reds, :»nd plunged into th? waters of the river and wore.buffeted about by the waters. Now, my father, all the people that I saw in the water wore black people, and nil those that wgl'c torn out. of the reeiis were black—there y.'ei'o ilonb df.tjiem, white liters J-oiir peofile, niy fbt tlliS visWu Ms ft 7;Siim (vf the Zulu race, who alone are ' torn out of the reeds.* Now, I saw that of those who swam in tho river some passed over very quickly and some stood. «r it were, still in the water •tiR in life, my fnthei', aonie die soon find some live for many years. And I suw the cnuiit lefis fates of tiiose iti tli6 water: ariiciilg tlletn were ninny Ihilt I frtf titt. Jliuroi rtty, .fsitherj 1 saw the face of Chakn, and rieaf hiiti tViis my own f«ce ; thoro, too, I saw the face of Dingaan, the prince, his brother, and the face of the boy UmslopogaHs and the face of Nada, uiy dniinhtet\ mid then it ivnn for the first tiirlo th.it- 1 khfitf. fchrtfc Umslopo g&Ui; ftilo hbs d$Ul; 1}ub buty iwgfc: . , , Now, I turned in my vision, and looked at 'that bank'of th'eiiver oil wh'ch Istood. Then I saw that behind the bank wna a cliff, mighty and black, and in the cliff were doors of iVoryi and through, the clortrs. crime light alld the Sound tif Liugliiar j _oth&r;'doors there were also, black as though fnshiohed of coal, arid tlitiMgll thelli Caflie darkness fihd the sounds ofgroiliis; f satf this rtlsb; thrtt' in I fh>Ht fit UlB tMdfa ft3S Sbtft SSah SHd;bt1 1 lib si'.'it was the figuro of a woman glorious to see. She waslall, and she alone. wns white, and clad in robes of white,' ami herliair was like gold which was molten in the fire, and Iiel* face Rhone likethe midday sun. Then I saw liia.t iho eafiie lit) ollt of the river stood before the woman, tne Water y6t running from them, and cried aloud' to her. . 'Hail,. ' Inkosszana-y-Zulu!' Hail, Queen of the Heavens?' • Now, the figure of the glorious woman held n tod in either hand, and tho rod in her rifijjt hnrjd Wfts white.all c\of ivory, and the rdct Su Hbt1 left brtUtt was black and. cjF ebdny. And as. those who cime up before hef Uifliiie greeted her, so she pointed now: with t-he wand of ivory in lier right hand,and now with the wand of ebony in her leffc_ hand. And with the wand of ivory she pointed to tlie Rates of ivory, through which came light and laughter, and with the wand of ebony she pointed to the gates of coal, through which came blacknesB and gnnns. And as she pointed, so those who greeted her turned, and went some through tho gates of light' and some throuah the gates of blackness. . Presently,-as I stood, there mine up a I handful of people from the bank of the river. | I looked on them and know them. There whs Unandi, the mother of Ch.ika, there wan Anndi, my wife, and Moosn, my son,, and all my other wives and children, and those who had perished with them. | They stool;!, before tliti figure of the j wpliiari; the Princes?*, of t,he Heavens; to i whom the Umkulukulu has given it .to! watch over the pe jple of the Zulu, and cried j aloud, ' Hail, ' Inkosaz.in.i-J'-Zulu !' Hail !' Then she, the Inkosazana, pointed with a rod of ivory to tho gates of ivory ; but still they stood before her, not moving. Now tho woman spoke for the first time, in a low voice that was ead and awful to heat:— . ' Pass^ri, childreil of illy people, ,pnas in to the judgment. Why tarry ye ? Pass in through the gates of light.' . | But. still they tarried, and in my vision Unandi spoke : ' We tarry, Quc?n of the Pen veils—we tarry to pray for justice On hmi who murdered us. I, who on earth was named Mother of the Heavens, on behalf of all this company, pray to thee, Queen of the Heavens, for justice on him who murdered us.' . ' How is ho named V asked the voice that \ was low and awful. ' Chaka, king of the Zulus,' answered the voice of Unandi, ' Chaka, my eon.' • Many have comoto ask for vengeance on that head,' said the voice of the Queen of the , Heavens; ' and many more shall come. Fear not, Unatuli, it shall fall. Fear not, Anadi ; ami yo wives and children of T.Iopo, it shall fall, I say. With the spear that pierced thy I breast, Unandi, shall the breast of Chaka bo be also pierced, and, ye wives and children of SIopo, the hand that, pierces shall be the handofMopo. As I guide him so shall ho go. Ay,I will toach him to wreak my vengeance on the earth ! But say, ye slaughtered of Chaka, what shall that vengeance be to tho vengeance that I shall work here in my own place J "Pass in, children of my people—pass in to the judgment, for the doom of Chaka is written.' Thus I dreamed, my father. Ay, tins was the vision that was sent me as I lay in pain and misery among the bones of iny dead and in the ashes of my kraal. Thus it was given me to seo tho Inkosizana of the Heavens as she is in her own place. Twice moro I saw her, as you shall hoar, but that was on the earth and with my waking eyes. Ye^.thrico has it been given to me in all to look upon that face that 1 shall now see no more till I am dead, for no man may look four times on the Inkosazana and live. Or am I mac', ray father, and did I weave these visions from the woof of my madness 1 I do not know, but it is true that'I seemed to see. them. I woke when the sky was grey with the morn ing light; it was the pain of my burnt hand that woke me from my sleep or from my stupor. I rose shaking the ashes from me, and went without the kraal to wash myself from the defilement. Then X returned, and sat without the gates of the 'Emposeni,' waiting till the king's women, whom he named his sisters, should come to draw water I according to their custom. At last they [ came, and, sitting with my kaross thrown ! over my face to hide it, I looked for the passing of Baleka. Presently I saw her; she j was sad-faced, and walked slowly, her pitcher on her head. I whispered her name, 1 and she drew aside behind an aloe bush, and, making pretence that, her. foot was pierced with a thorn, she lingert d till tho other women were gone by. Then she came up to me, and we" greeted one another, gazing heavily into each other'3 eyes.1 'In an ill day did I hearken to you, Baleka,' I said, ' to you and to the Mother of tho Heavens, and saved your child alive. She now what has sprung from this seed ! Dead are all my house, dead is the Mother of ihelleavens— all are dead—and I myself have been put to the torment by fire,' and I held out my withered hand towards her. ' Ay. Mopo, my brother,' she answered, ' t flesh is nearest to flesh, and I should think little of it were not my son Umslo pogaas also dead, as I heard but now. ' i ou speak as a woman, Baleka. Is it, then, nothing to you that I, j'our brother, have lost—all I love !' ' Fresh seed, can yot he raised up to you, my brother, but for me there is 110 hope, for the king looks on me no more. I grieve for you, but I had this 0110 alone, and fleslv in nearest to flesh. Think you that I shall xfscape ? I tell you nay. I am but spared for a little, then I go where the others havo gone. Chaka has marked me for the grave; for a little? while I may he left, then I go; bo does but play with me a3* a leopard plays with a wounded buck. I care not, I am weary, but I grieve for the boy; there was no such lioy in the land. Would that I might die swiftly and go to seek him.1 1 And if the boy is not dead, Baleka what, then ' What is that VOU said 1' she answered, turning..oiijnc with' wi'.il e£dS.' *.OJjt say it acain—Kgain, Mopo ! I w,.uld gladly ilio 5 hundred deaths to know that Umslopogaas yet lives.' * Nay,_Bsilckn, Tknow nothing.. But lait night i dreamer, a drrnm,'niid 1 told her all tin- dream, anc! n!so of that which had gone befyt-e tiic tliv/Uni . , _ .... ... She listened as 0110 l!steh to the words of thfi kme when he passes jiulgraetifc for life "or.f;;rdtJiljii" * .„ .. i"tijink ' tisSi/.tWa''-i8' 'wisdom 'in your dre«rafl, Mvpo,' 'she' said at li'Dgll). ' Yon were ever a iitrsnf*& man,- to whom the gates 6f~dlsttf|jcc:»rtf"JS6l"HS?;'" it is" V∋ in upon niy heart thatUmslopogaas a'tiil liffcB,' and now I shall die,happy. Yor,. gainsay pie not; I shalVdi'e':I Ttnow'it. I read it in the" king's eyes. But v. hat is it ? It is nothing, if only tjic princc llmslopngaas yet lives.' ;. 'Your love is great; 'woman,' I said ; 'and this ford cjf JOtlrs U;;b VroHglit grcal woes upiin. jjs,- i^ndjt io'ay Well linppeii 'that' in the ' end it sihiit aft Vo Ujt nothing, /or there is an evil fate upon us. uuy $liftt shall I do ? ' Shall T fly, or shalMabide~liefe, Mitiifig the chance of things V ' Yiitvmusttxbide here, Mopo. See, now '. This k'the King's mind. 'JlJefears tfecause'of' tlie death df hia mnlJier a't hia , oyvn hand— [ yes;.,Qyfen T fife / lie /tfilS lest. the , pqople s]i<!>h13 . .rip'qp, jiijii who killed' his own- motliei'. Therefore;, lift frill do this: he will give it out i.hrir bb rfitf not kill her, but that she p.-riahed in the .life which wascalled dnivti upon your' kraals by. witchcraft: anij, though all men know the lie,- Jot tlollc shall dare to gainsay hi'nl. As lie said to Joiij thfere MrSU bo a smelling,out but a. Enit'lling tfltt of ft new sortj fb'r ho Ajid , yon .sjinli be tbs witch- findera,iihfl at BftielHug Out lie will give to de.ith ail those whom he tenia; Sli those whom he knows hate him for liis wickednessandbecausewit.il his own hand he flow his mother." For this c-uise, theri, he will saVe you rtlive, Wopo—yes, and make you to be.great in the l;itid, for if. indeed, his mbfctifel' Tjnandi died through -witchcraft, ns he shall say, ftta yoii lifc't lifeo wtuhged. with him, and did not your wives arioi rfvildferi also perish by witchcraft? Therefore, do not fly; abide here and become great—become great to the great end of vengeance, Mopo, ttiv brother. You have much wrong to nre.itk ; sooil yOtftvLil have more, for I. too, ! shaJ] i?e gone* and lay blood also ahall cry ! for veiigeSliuo lb' fo% Hejifkeij, Mopo;. Are there not other prince."! in\\-!hft> Irfhd 1 What of Dingaan, what of Unihiimfi/tfiii; what of TTmpanda, brothers of the king ? Do not llifo'o also desire to be kings ? Do they not day by day fint; from their sleep feeling tlieir iitdijjttoknnflr if they yet live? Do they not nij/hi r'y ni*;fit lio down to alcep not knowing if it shall be Ih'elf ttires that they shall kiss ere dawn or the red asseg'M tff the king ? Draw near to them, my brother : creep into their hearts and learn their counsel or teach them youre; ao in the end shall Ohnka lie brought to the gate through which J'otir n iVea Imvo passed, and where I also am aiitjiit to trend.' (tfefs b 'jeki "°p.yko and. she wafl gone, leaving nit pondett ig, 1or he? itptds 1vero heavy with, wisdom. ■ I knew Vvelf flrti tho brothers of the king went heavily and in fear of death,'for liis shadow was ever on them.' With Pand.-i, indeed, little could be done, for ha lived- softly, speaking always as one whose wits /ire fa*; But fiingaan find Umh langaria' were of another ot.'d; and from them mi^lit'well be fashioned a ierHti {feat should scatter the brains of Chaka to thS: birds. But the time to speak was not now;; nor-yet was thp cup of Chaka full. Thau, having finished my thought, I rose, Snd, going'to the kraal of my friend, I doctol'ed my 'ouhifc Hand, that pained me, and as T:. was ' doctoring ittlfsre, eamo h messenger to me summoning me before £h|S king.• ■ '■■ ■ : I went in before the king, and prostrated myself, calling him by his royal names; but he took me ^>y the h.and and raised me . up, speaking softly, ' ■... ■ 'Rise, Mopo,. my servant!1 he said. ' Thou hast stiifered much woe because of. the witchcraft-hf thine enemies. ' I,' I hare lost my mother, and thou, thou hast lost thy 'wives'and' children! Weep, my counsellors, weep, because I have lost my ' mother; and Mop >, my servant, has lost his wives and children, by the witchcraft of our foes!' Then all the counsellors wept aloud, while Chaka glared at them. ' ' He'aiketi,' Mopo !' said, the king,, when , the weeping was done. ' None can give me back my mother : but I can give thee more wives, and thou shalt Bnd children. Go in among the damsels tvlio are reserved to the king, and choose thee sis ; go in among the cattlo of thb king, and choose thee toil times ten of the best; call upon the servants of the king that they build up thy kraal greater and fairer than it.was before ! These things T give thee freely ; but thou shalt have more, Mopo—yea I thou.shalt,have vengeance ! On flits first day .of the new itioon I summon a great meeting, ii balidhla of all the Zulu people ; yes,1thine owil tribe; the .Laugetii, ■shall be there aiscJ. Then we, will mourn together over our woei}'; then,- too, will we learn wtio brought these woes upon us., Go how, Mopo, go! And go ye alsc>,- my counsellors, leaving me to weep alone because my mother is dead !' Thus, then, my father, die* the word? of Balcka come true, and thus, because of the! crafty policy of Chafea, I grew greater in the land than ever I h;id been before. I chose the cattle, they were fat; I chose the wives, they were fair ; but I took no pleasure in thom, nor were any re ore children born to me. For my heart was likea withered stick; the sap and strength had gone out of my heart—it was'drawn out in the fire of Chaka's lint, and lost in my sorrow for those whom I had loved. if To bt Conlinutd. ) 