lie did not knbw Mr. "Rimpler was sitting dressed by the window-. When Mr. Rimpler had fumbled «}>out the room a little, he lit his candle, completed his toilet at if it had been morning, and went downstairs. He looked iu the dining-room, bat found no Mr. Hackbit. He was surprised. He went into the hall and listened ; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went there. "I say, what are you doing?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a candle. " I am going to get some wood to light a fire in the drawing-room;" adding, with great assumption ofgrandeur, "We'll ait in the drawing-room, Simpler. I'm a rich man, and Bhall be richer. Why shouldn't I use the best room I've got?" " All right," replied Rimpler, an?used, " that's your -look-out you know. Only I shouldn't have thought you were such a fool as to tell anyone you are rich." " Ton are not the outside world." " No; and you're shrewd enough to know I -should know in any case. That's it, isn't it, Hackbit?" A large fire was soon burning in the drawingroom, what with the unusual quantity of wood and the bellows whiah Mr. Rimpler plied. Hackbit eat down complacently, with two or three bottles in front of him, also glasses and sugar. " I say, Rimpler, how should you like to be a partner?" "Oh, I don't know," replied Rimpler, indifferently. "But I say, Rimpler, by Jove, we are making money, old Rimmon and I. You think you knpwevery thing, but we could surprise you apfe. Some people save and save and 8ave, and never enjov their money. I don't mean t® be like tha\" And he poured out a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. 4 * What" if my father was a collier, I mean to have a place among country gentlemen. them. Rokeswortti Hall is to let, and I mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, hang it, why shouldn't I live as well ? Ah, Rimpler, though they hate me, they shall envy me. If old Josh Rimmon is con'ent to live in that pig-sty, all the better for me. I'll live for the two of us;" he took another draught of 4 brandy. 4 And me. Rimpler," he went on, " there's some pleasure in living when you can buy a horse, or what not, that some noble lord would give his head for, just be- R T to cause you've- the longest purse. By Jove. I'd give any price, if I thought one of them chaps wanted.it." - All this did-not aronse the interest and sympathy in Mr. Rimpler which it might have done had he not known about the missing papers. The man who knows that the best horse in a race has been drugged and will break down does not shew astounding acutenessin not backing the House of Rimmon : and throughout Mr. Rimpler'B life he had nearly always backed the winner. He rather enjoyed the joke of hearing Hackbit run on, however, and encouraged him'to talk. 1 1 Bills of sale are the grandest investments," said Hackbit, " while it can be kept dark; and my experience is," he went on in a cunning tine, " that people who have been sold up have sot spirit enough left to goto law with you about it, neither have they the cash," and he burst into a laugh. Do you know, in the beginning, Rimmon wasted to pay me a salary ? I soon taught him a lesson. I've had more than he's had, by Jove. There's a day for every dog, and let every doe -have his day." " Yes," Mr. Rimpler assented, " let every dog have his day. My day'U come next." And he pretended to sip his brandy. " Don't count your chlakeos before they're hatched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow getting much the worse for drink. " I don't usually," retorted Mr. Rimpler. " Neither do I get drunk, and BO see double when I'm about counting them, after they're hatched." This was alittle bit too refined forHaekbit in his present condition, so he took offence. 4 4 Confound you, do you mean to say I'm drunk f" Certainly not. {Why, you're only had halfa-bottle." It was not long before he had the whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Rimpler not a little. He sullenly hung his head down, and looked lowering. At last he intently fixed his eyes on the door of the room._ Rimpler involuntarily gazed in the Bame direction. He could see nothing. " What is it ?" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door. The hand had grown very bony siuce he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. What'is it?"' inquired Rimpler again. " Don't you see those sjuciera ?" 4 4 I can't say I do." Then yon mast be drunk, or mad. Look. Rimpler," he said, rising iu agitation and trembling all over, " have you ever seen such large spiders-'r You can't* pretend you don't see tbem. Look, they are chasing each other in two lines ; and they'll come down : they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." Rimpler became more and more alarmed. Hackbit clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on the table: but he could 'not; and the tablecloth came off, and the buttles crashed on to the floor.- . "Oh," he cried, shaking till the very floor shook, " the cloth's full of them too. See how they spread their legs and come on. Oh. let me get out nf here," he screamed frantically. " The walls are covered with them. Are you a devil that you won't help me ?" And with one more effort ti escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the gTound. We will spare our readers the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David Rimmon both came, at Rimplet's request; and by the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saltring was telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock in the morning, and with him Dr. To were, lie had brought this do;tor on his own responsibility, having such great faith in him; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mr. Rimmon was seated in a chair, 'looking the picture of misery ; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing very heavily. Dr. T«wers advanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid, and turned and looked about the room, but said nothing. " He'll get better now," said Mr. Riamou. fco&rsely; "he's gone to sleep. Oh, what a night we've had." • 4 He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. " I have seen cases like thiE tiefore. It is a possible euding to delirium tremens. They sleep to deith. lean donothing for him ; so I had better get back." Wait a bit," said Mr. Saltring. " 1 want Ton to witness something." He was ashy white. He walked towards the bed. He laid one hand upon the man who was sleeping his l;t--(t. sleep, and raised the other above his head, . end looked upwards. 4 ••I call God to witness," he said, : that I Will never sell one drop of any intoxicating iiquor ngain. And I will rid uiyself of anv pro}-«*rty I now possess that is the is suit of the sale' of drink." His raided hand fell by his side, and he f;i ced round and looked at the astonished Joshua and Towers. " There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether the poor wretch drinkB it at your counter or carries his bottle home ? The end is the same." He looked upwards again. " I piay the God of pity to forgive me fcr the >:J,-eat wrong I have done the human race, for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of souls. Reparation there can be none. The evil is done." And Mr. Saltring ccvrrcd hie face with kis hands. Dr. Towers placed his aim round Mr. Saltring's neck, and said soothingly, " My good friend, God judges UB by the motives. Could you, who have the best heart in the nor Id, have ever meant to ruin anyone r" " Remember the proverb, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring, without taking his hands from his face. " 4 Evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart.' This has brought it home lo me, brought it home to me. Within the last twelve months," he said, raising his white face and looking at the doctor, " cases of spirits hare left my shop enough to bring this" —and he indicated with his hand without looking towards the bed—" tol fear to say how many homes. Come, doctor, let us go away. I should like to have seen Keziah, but Ican'tface her. If no one had sold the brandy, he couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk " He didn't buy the brandy of ycu, at any rate," sai3 Joshua Rimmon, rousing himself to tpesk. That makes no difference;" replied Mr. Saltring. " Come, doctor, let us go." But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound trcnu the bed had ceased. Towers looked a moment, and answered Mr. Rimmon's look, He's gone, poor fellow," he said. CHAPTER XLVIIT.—TOM TOWEHS GOB® UP yon Hia LAST EXAMINATION. It WM about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumley cemetery; and in the windows of hts house was a notice. " To Let." Ko -one had made any search for Kez'ah. She was jOWOg. ^nd Elworthy was missing. The » expl«n themselves. The house iwijidjsgraced. Mr. Rimpler had been engaged by Mr. immon, and was now residing in his house. h he baby was there, too : and Wilson had came vo o nurse him, at Air. liiinmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Air. Hackbit had left no will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few week Mrs. Kimnion had aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up j thit her intir JI state formed a principal reason ' for Mr. Rimmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Rimmon's hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, and his shoulders stooping. But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former self—yes, a ghost even of her changed self—entered lie gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, and flew to open the door. Keziah fell into her arms, crying hysterically, " I have come, Maud, like a beggar, to'beg shelter. 1 have no pride left now, Maud." Maud half carried, half led her into her favourite sitting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kiy.zj. In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought, and the poor i wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither and thither, swift as in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at her head. Where were all the short, curls gone* The hair was shorn quite close to her bead. And her cheeks, how sunkeu tbey were ! Maud had placed herself so that the head might rest against her, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers,, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and remained cramped in one position for nearly two hours, rather .than wake her darling. Then Keziah opened her large startled eyes, and said pleadingly and quickly—"Look, I will tell you something. Don't send me out just yet. I have nowhere to goto." Then she recollected herself, and said, "Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in the hospital again. Oh, Maud,'' she cried, flinging Ker arms about her friend's neck, "how g'ad I am it is true I am here." Maud answered only by her caresses. Then Keziah drew her head back, and looked into her friend's eyes inquiringly. " Do you know ?" she asked. Have vuu heard ?" 4 4 Dearest Kizzy," replied Maud, " if I have have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach you ?" •'Reproach me:" said Keziah, looking puzzled. " Well, yes. I did provoke him ; but I am repentant now, Maud; 1 will go back to him and beg his forgiveness." Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead':' It seemed 60. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from her convmatk n. She might kuow nothing. " Kizzy," she said, taking the worn face between 'her hio.ds—the face that had nothing to rrcoiumtnd ii now but its pathos—" Kizzy, you will neverg'i back to your husband.*' Ke/.iah started, not at the words she had heard, but at the tone." She looked for more, and did not speak. Kizzy," iny own love, you are free; your husband ie dead." Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried. Oh. that I had been a better wife to him. It might never have ended so." And sbe sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside hers-, and wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had fallen. •• Kizzy," she said in her ear, " at least if you did go away with him, you have lelthim now." Keziah started op at the words, and looked her friend in the face. " I—go away with him, Maud! Who dares to say it'(" Maud only cried, "Thank God! it is not true." " True, Maud!" said Keziah. " No: I have sunk law, but not so low as that." Oh, Kizzr. forgive me for having believed it," said Maud humbly. " But you see it looked so much like it, that you and he should both disappear." "He disappear!" exclaimed Keziah, affrightedly. Is henotin Leamington then ?" " No he has never been heard of since that night. Your brother Jubal came in here and told me all about it." Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, " Where is your husband, Maud?" "Heis in London, Kizzy, being examined. We will not talk of him, if you don't mind. And now, Kizzy, had not you better go to bed ? I don't think you should talk any more tonight." "ButI must know one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father's?" Yes, and Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keziah's face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, Then I f hink I will go to bed. Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Maud and Keziah awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. •• Whatever can it be ?" said Maud: and she fiung on her dressing-gown and went out. But though she searched the house all thr mgh, she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of anv kind to account for the noise. Still the sound had been so loud and of BO startling a character, that neither of them could sleep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. Keziah related to her friend how she had wandered along the road to Woverbampton in the night time, and then how a break came, and sbe could remember nothing until she awoke in one of the wards of the Woverhampton Hospital; and she was told she had had a fever. When she was well enough to go out, they had given her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then, about dawn, Keziah fell asleep again ; -.-• and Maud remained awake. The sound she bad heard hud been exactly like the smashing of the hall-lamp by something falling upon it. When daylight came, she was glad indeed to end a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the dcor. 'How early the poet -is this morning," she thought. It was not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed aim iell. crying, in a suffocating voice, " My darling'6 dead, he's dead," Keziah, weak though she was, gained her side, picked up and read the telegram. Yes, he was dead. Maud lost her consciousness 'entirely. And when at last she came to herself, it was only to cry. " He is dead.' and now he will never learn to love me again." She .became so ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obtained—reBt. And the day wore on, and Keziah and Maud wept in company. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars cpe. Tom Towers had passed his examination, and had gone to his hotel, and right np to his room, which was at the top. And by accident, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from the top to the bottom of that great building, smashing the hall lamp by his fall. Inside was a letter adlressed in his handwriting to his wife. "Read it, Kizzy," she said, " for I cannot. 1 ' Kizzv • opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in her face:— "I have passed ny examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all tonight Shall I tell you why? lean bear life no longer. It was I who committed the murder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to have died and never tuld you. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it better coming from me." The money I have had from you at different timet has been to purchase (ho silence of a man who saw me commit the deeed. " And now with my last words I beg yon to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you DO more when I am gone. You will, l" know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I am sure yon will. " YOUE HEAETBBOKBN HUSBAND." Keziah did not show this letter to Miud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of " Accidental death, dne to over- excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never even 6aw the coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XLIX.—JUBAI INSTRUCTS HIS TJJTCLK IN THE WATS OP SOCIETY. In the afternoon of a very dull Saturday in January, two years after Keziah Hackbit and Maud Towers were made widows, preparations were being made at The Chestnuts at B&wdon; for a party which Mr. David Rimmon was to give to some of his nephew's friends. Jabal, who now boasts of .something more than down on his upper lip. and. haM ^grown broader and handsomer, stands with his back towards the drawing-room fire, Us hsn^s. thrust into his trousers pockets ana his" head poised superciliously. David, anxious and neraoa,-Watches his nephew'6 face, as if tolearn his content or discontent in it. Well, Juha.i," he remarked, passing one J and through his hair, which was growing ihrs ery scanty now, "does the room look like ther people's now? Do you like it ?" " Well, realty, uncle," replied Jabal, breaking into a light laugh and showing a shining row of teeth, " as I chose all the things, it would be praising myself if I said I liked them.'* David hooked both his thumbs iuto the armholes of his waistcoat and luoked quizzically at his nephew. "Yes, of course, Jubal," he said; ' • but i6 the furniture properly put in tlie i oom ? You see I've no other room to compare it with." " Oh, yes " Jubal allowed, " it looks well enough." He had got into the way of not expressing much pleasure at anything. " And uncle, if you don't tnind toy mentioning it, perhaps it may be as well that you should not put your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holes before the fellows that are. coming here. Fellows are apt to take these tilings for indications, you know. And," he added, without noticing the manner in which poor David removed the thumbs in question, " don't you think really now that vou could manage to use h's just a little? I shouldn't like to hear the fellows describe you as 'young Rimmon's uncle, innocent of h's.' _ I'm sure Medwin laughed when you asked him to come to your 'ouse; .and after all, it's a simple enough matter to say ' house,' and so much hangs on it." Poor David was completely in a flutter, and all the more likely to show badly before the " fellows" ou that account. " You see, .Tubal," lie said, not at all crossly, "1 never had much schooling; I went to work when I was " "And there's another thing," said Jubal, flushing. " I'Lay, don't refer to the time when vou went to work." There vras almost impatience in the tone in which David replied to this. " It may be an easy ma'ter to you, Jubal. But at my time of life it's no easy matter. I have managed to get' on and make a little rnoniiy without h's; though I am sure I didu't kuow that I talked any different to other people before." " Thai's what 1 thought," said Jubal, "and for that reason I draw you attention to it. 1 >on't imagine that I wish to hurt your feeling?.' * Bat Jubal had hurt his uncle's feelings, a,nd very deeply too; but he, with hie native ^enrlemanliness, which existed despite his lack of h's, did not turn upon his nephew with a rude rejoinder, as that young gentleman would certainly have done, could they have exchanged places. Neither did he wound Jubal's feelings by telling li:ra of the wound he had inflicted, thereby proving himself the true gentleman; for are*not nil the rules of society founded upon this basis, tht- avoidance of openly wounding the feelings of others ? I don't, juind altering anything." said David, if I am able to do it, and it's for your welfare." '•1 thought you'd take it. like that," returned Jubal. '' Vou re an a-vfully good fellow. I; Jubal imagined that this fslve would heal the wound he bad inflicted, he was mistaken. He hal robbed his uncte of confidence, and given him mi?trust of himself in place of it. He had called his uncle a l>ear, and thought that patting him on the head, and saying, " Good fellow," as he might have done to a dog, would uuite make up for it. He might have remembered that even a dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the pats upon the sore places given him in token of reconciliation. But on the strength of David's saying nothing more tbau we have recorded, Jubal thought he would continue the lesson which had been so well received, having no penetration into the real state of his uncle's feelings; as those who do not love scarcely ever have. "And you know, uncle," he went on, " gentlemen don't say' Sir* to one another. In fact, there's little necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a name at'all, you from your position might use the surname aloue, as soon as you know them a little; otherwise you can say ' Mr. So-and-So,' but never ' Sir.' " " Well, that is strange," said David. " I was brought up to think * Sir * the right thing." " Never mind what your bringing up was," returned Jubal. " I'll tell yon the way to treat these fellows. You must pretend to look down on them instead of up to them." " Is there any necessity at all for that ?" said David. " Why should there be looking down or looking up ?" "That's iust what it is," Jubal replied. " There's always looking down and looking up. And so you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You imusn't remember anything except that you're a manufacturer and a rich man; and these fellows may be swells and all that, but I can tell you, between ourselves, they often don't know which way to turn for money ; so you've no need to let them look down on you. And now. uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you into your suit."so that you may have time to get used to it a bit." This suit was of a pattern such as David had never had on before.' But, as Jubal had told his uncle, he dressed altogether out of his position. " Yes, I'll put the suit on if yon like, Jubal. I'm afraid it wou't look very well on me. And you didn't tell me what these round tables are for, Jubal." " Oh. never mind about that." replied his nephew. " Come and have your clothes on." As they parsed out at the door, David looked back ruefully at his metamorphosed drawingroom. It was very pretty, with its rosecoloured curtains and furniture, pale carpet, and strange cabinets. But David's drawingroom was gone. He could never take a Sunday afternoon nap on that couch. It made him tremble even to think of it. In fact, he couldn't use the room for anything any more. Everything was gone that he wanted, and everything there was useless to him ; and there was a great deal of disappointment in his mind when he looked at the spot formerly occupied by an oldfashioned bureau which would open out, and on which he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of which he kept his camomile flowers, from which he made herb tea, as he called it. It was hard to see thiB spot occupied by a perfectly useless thing with glasB in front, through which could be seen a number of very ugly curiosities. However it had been inevitable, as the new suit proved to be. " There, uncle, you'll look something like, now," said young Kimmon, standing- at a little distance for the purpose of judging the effect of this new tailoring achievement. "It doesn't feel very comfortable," David remarked, ruefully. "It's too tight around the waist. I most undo this button." "Oh, no ; you mustn't do anything of the sort. That would spoil the effect entirely. You'll soon get used to it. And, you see, when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your waistcoat pocket." " It'8 very hot and uncomfortable up here," said David, feeling towards his chest. " It seems too thick somehow." " If it's hot all the better this cold weather. They always put a bit of padding in there; it makes the coat sit welL "Sou'll get to like it." " But, really, I can assure you, Jubal," said his uncle, in some concern. " I can't wear these shoes. They hurt me. I'm sure they're two sizes too small." " You didn't say so in the shop. Besides, it's all rubbish. U people have been used to wearing boats on their feet, they're sure to fancy their feet are confined too closely in a pair of ordinary shoes." " But why can't I put on the pair of slippers that Kizzy worked for me ?" pleaded David. " Oh, if you're going to get-'obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. "I'll try to get UBed to them,'' said David. "Perhaps, if I walk about in them, they'll get easier." And he made the attempt. "Oh-h-h," cried Jubal, aghast. "Yon mustn't limp about like that. The fellows'll roar," "Perhaps they'll get easier just now," said poor David, "or else I shall really be obliged to take them off." "Oh, bless you, you'll get used to it, uncle. Everybody's boots .hurt them, only they pretend they don't. I'm sure mine do; ana, yoa see, you've always the advantage of being able to put on some big shoes when nobody's here." David was silent. He was ruminating. If society made such demands as these, it mnst surely have some big return to give. David could not exactly see any return, but then that was his ignorance. Taking advantage of the silence, Jubal went on talking. "I'm glad that the waiter has arrived in good time. I shall go in and give him some directions. And mind you don't treat him as if he's a stringer, and had in for the evening. You must order him about well, yon know. And you mustn't say ' please' to him, nor ' thank you ;' people never do that ia society." Poor D ivid felt himself in a labyrinth of new formalities and ideas. He knew his troubles were not over. Children are to he pitted sometimes when, under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards leaning; but how mnch more the old pupil who takes his -first lessons at the tyrannical sad meroQess school of society. CHAPTER L.—JUBAT'E FBXHBDS. AI eight o'clock approached, the bell rang, and David trembled. He had bean told by ubal that he must receive the guests, and he nwardly wished that the earth would receive im. But the earth is not kindly in this espect; and though for indefinite centuries she has been frequently called upon to perform this office, she has but rarely been known to accede to the demand, and in these few ons^s the result has probably not produced all the satisfaction desired. The waiter announced! the Honourable Pelham Wiuterfold and Mr. Allan Denleigh. David nervously shook bauds, aud slunk into the back-ground, while the new arrivals exchanged greetings of a freer kind with the nephew, whom they called " lliunnon." TCiey appeared to have dined, and were in strikingly high spirits. "Snuglittle place you have here," remarked Winterfold, addressing David, who started violently, and muttered something inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assented Mr. Denleigh, throwing himself unceremoniously upon one of the new satin chairs, and shaking out a highlysseuted handkerchief before applying it to the prominent feature of his face. " Are we to play high or low to-night ?" inquired Winterfoldj backing towards the fire, and remaining stationary in front of it. " As far as am concerned," said Mr. Denleigh, in a high treble, " half-crowns are all the pieces I am worth. Played out, you know, last night. Awful bad luck. We were all at Springwood's. Deuced hot time of it. Springwood pore won everything." 1 " He's a trifle too sharp," replied Winterfold. • " Bat, you see, one must be willing to pay a little for one's pleasures; and his daughters are deucedly fine gjirls." " Winterfold's going to induce the youngest to marry him and leave the stage," said Denleigh, winking at JubaL 1 She'd make a 4 charming 4 my lady,' some day." 4 4 Thanks," said Winterfoldj without moving any feature except his upper lip, which curled slightly. " Marrying's not in my line. Besides, I don't consider that Miss Juliet or her sisters would, be much good in electioneering, and everything depends on a man's wife if-he has a Parliamentary career before him ; doesn't it, Mr. Rimmon ?" he said, appealing to David. David was so much aghast at what be had heard, that he could not stammer out a word of reply. He had not understood - the conversation in the least; but he was under the impression that all was not right. So he pretended not to hear when Winterfold addressed him, and examined a picture on the wall, as if he had never seen it before. 4 4 You'd do a lot in Parliament," remarked Jubal; " you need to have a wife who would do something. And I don't think Miss Juiiet can do anything, unless it's dancing; she can't act at all.;' and as for singing—well, Ican't think what Springwood's dreaming about, to putin so many songs for her." " Well, you see," Winterfold rejoined, " the British theatre-goer has not a very good ear for music, and she always gets applauded. But whatever be her merits j she's not for me, even if I wished it. She's already the secret property of a certain judge who often dines at my father's table, and preaches morality to my young brothers and sisters." Another ting at the bell. " Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" were announced, Another ordeal for David ensued. He went through it better this time, however, as he thought. In shaking hands with Mr. Springwood, he remarked with cordiality, " Why, I knew someone of your name, Mr. Springwood ; I wonder if it was a relation of yours." "Very likely,indeed,"replied that gentleman, cheerfully. "I've a great many about." At which there was a loud laugh, for which David saw no reason. Where did the people live that you knew ?" went on Mr. Springwood, with the utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as close to him as he conveniently could, his head perched on one side, taking it all in. 4 4 In Staffordshire," said David, Springwoods lived I knew. 4 4 the They were butty colliers, and worked in the Troworth mines." " In that case," broke in Denleigh, " I can answer for it they were no relatives of this Springwood, who is most highly connected in every way, I can assure you ;" upon which there was another loud laugh, in which everybody joined except Springwood, who appeared rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed the relationship. 4 4 Don'tlook back,Springwood," said Winter- 4 fold, aggravatingly, 4 or else you'U have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will say that tne admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othello can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowing him in private." 4 4 If I couldn't write any better than that, 1 said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, 1 1 shouldn't have been so successful as I have been." 4 4 Ah, to be sure," chimed in Denleigh, " you write paragraphs for the I'oliee News now, don't you ?" 4 4 If I did," replied Scratch, hotly, " it might be possible that you would figure in one of them." " Oh ho," brokefrom the rest of them. Mr. Sheridan Springwood had received a deeper wound than appeared on the surface ; for he had never yet played Othello, though he was most ambitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that he migbt have made this desire' of his public after taking a little too much brandy. He looked uponhimeelf as a spirit in chains, for he was at present playing Blue Beard in his father's theatre, where nothing beyond low burlesque was ever attempted. David felt sony for him, though he did not in the least eomprehend the situation. 4 4 Are yon fond of acting, sir 'f asked Mr. Rimmon, forgetting his part. 4 4 1 am obliged to be, whether I am or 4 not," replied the actor. 4 It is my profes sion." " Oh, indeed'-" said Mr. Rimmon, looking 4 at him with a new interest. 4 1 was not aware of that." And he stared at him, thinking within himself that an actor looked uncommonly like an ordinary man. I don't know what we've got to amuse you, 4 gentlemen," went on David. 4 We might get up a charade, as you are fond of acting," A great roar of laughter followed this bold suggestion, in which all joined except Jubal, who looked very angry, and remarked that they wore not infants in arms, any of them, and that they would have a rubber of whist as soon as the other fellows should arrive. They did arrive before he bad done speaking'; and were announced : 44 Mr. Rufus Harris, Mr. Hanson, and Mr. Medwin." After a hurried touch of hands, the gentlemen placed themselves round two of the tables, and David saw now what they were for. Packs of cards began to be shuffled. At the table nearest to David 2 Winterfold, Denleigh, Spring' wood, and Scratch were seated; at the other, the rest of the party. The waiter came in with glasses and bottles, much to David's astonishment; and feeling himself quite like a fish out of water, he made his escape through the open door, that he might be able to breathe a little. Returning to the room in the course of half an hour, he foundit in a state of uproar. A sharp altercation was going on between Winterfold and the comedian, in which a glass had been knocked off the table and smashed, at which Mr. Scratch abstractedly aimed an empty bottle. David could hardly believe his eyes. He was still more startled when he observed Mr. Denleigh gathering up half-crowns and pocketing them with a delighted smile. 4 4 They muBt be gambling," thought David. But Jubal assured him this was not the case; that each man would be given back all his halfcrowns at the end, when the party broke up, which statement was received with a burst of applause by the company, and which poor Davie took in. David didn't smoke, and the drawing-room was getting really stifling by means of the fumes of eight cigars, and he was literally compelled to absent hinuelf. This he did rather unwillingly; for he was, in fact, anything but easy at the course things seemed to be taking. Not knowing what else to do with himself, he went into his dining-room, where on elaborate supper was laid, and he dreaded the moment when he should have to sit at the head of it. The noise in the drawing-room increased. He heard a crash, which he afterwards discovered to be caused by the fall of some of the glass pendants from the chandeliers, at which Mr. Scratch had aimed another bottle. Random throwing was always a feature in his form of drunkenness. David thought he would quite as soon Miter a lion's den as go back into the drawing-room. He waited for them to break loose upon him in ' the dining-room, when they should choose to have supper, which they did soon after 12. The drawing-room door was fiung open, and the party came out quite steadily, to David's great snrprise: they did not appear to be very drank. Jubal placed Winterfold at David's right hand. The rest took their Beats as they liked, and with an air of being perfectly at home. " No journal'll get any paragraph from you, Scratch," remarked Hanson, who was -sitting 4 next to him. 4 You've not been looking out for anything, you know." 4 4 Oh, indeed," replied Mr. Scratch, trying to fix his eye upon the speaker, but failing in the attempt, for that oigan would wander all about tin room indefinitely, and his month was stretched into a grange smile, though he was in anything bat a good humour. 4 1 It's a mystMy how he lives at all," said Medwin, who was upon the other ode of Hanson. "He'sj always sendiug in wrong information." wclw a 4 4 That's quite true," idmitted Mr. Scratch. " You see, when there's no information, what's one to do ?" David heard this, and asked in some anxiety, ' 4 Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you i invent things to send as news to the papers r'' i 4 1 Well, you see, I must live," was the reply. David forgot to go on carving for a moment. He was thinking within himself that this accounted for statements in the papers getting contradicted the nest day. At last David went on with his work and with a valiant effort entered into conversation with Winterfold, who was helping himself to the wine rather freely, as indeed most of the company seemed to be doing, without ceremony. 4 4 My nephew tells me you are at Cambridge," he began (he nearly said " sir.") 4 4 Well, no," replied Winterfold, with an approach to a grin, •• I was there." "Ah," said David, "it's the vacation now, isn't it r When will yoa be returning ?'' This question was greeted with laughter, especially by Denleigh, who explained to David that Winterfold was " down" for a year. 4 4 Down?" said David, interrogatively. 4 4 That is, he's not to go back to Cambridge for a year." (l " Oh," said David, I understand you. Your health gave way, I suppose, sir ?" 4 4 Well, no," replied Winterfold, who certainly did look in pretty good health. 4 1 was 4 sent down. Had a difference with the tutor, yon know." 1 4 Yes," chimed in Denleigh, 41 and it was an awful shame, for he would have been sure to have come out Senior Wrangler if he had stayed up." David, out of politeness, felt obliged to continue the conversation. 4 It must be very 4 pleasant at Cambridge. I passed through it once, on my way to Ely, and I thought it looked very solemn." 4 4 You've never seen a degree day, have you, Mr. Rimmon?" broke in Denleigh, tossing oft a glass of wine as he spoke. David confessed that be had-not. 4 4 Very solemn," said Winterfold, 44 very. I got sent down because I smiled at one. You're not allowed to smile in the Senate House. And yet it's difficult not to do so when you're so full of pleasure at the sight of so much greatness. The Public Orator makes a speech in Latin." "Rather difficult to follow, isn't it?" asked Mr. Rimmon. 4 4 Oh, no, not at all," asserted Winterfold. 4 4 We're examined in it after." ''I don't quite understand," said David. •'This is it," put in Denleigh, winking at Winterfold. "They think it weli in the universities to train spontaneous memory, and one of the means is to reproduce the Public Orator's Bpeech." 4 4 And when have yon to do this? Soon afterwards ?" asked David. 4 4 The following Sunday," answered Winterfold. 4 Just before the Bermon at the 'Varsity 4 Church." 4 4 1 didn't know they had anything of that sort in churches." David remarked, considerably 4 astonished. 4 But I should like to know how they give the degrees." 4 4 Well, the Vice-Chancellor, you know, he sits at one end." 4 4 Does he sit waiting for them to come in ?" inquired David, trying to get details. 4 4 Oh, no. ' He has to march three times round the town first, in gorgeous robes, preceded by two big fellows with silver pokers, and masks on; and then they walk all the way up the Senate House, when it's full, to have better effect; after which the Vice-Chancellor sits down, aB I told you.'' 4 4 Is anybody allowed to go in?" asked David. 4 4 Oh, yes. And it gets pretty full, I can tell you." "I suppose you cheer your friends when they take their degree," David observed. Winfold shook his head. " Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in the Senate House." 4 4 It's very strange," replied David," but I've somewhere got hold of another impression about that." 4 4 Misinformed," said Denleigh, " misinformed." 4 4 The best lark is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. 4 4 Those fellows who are going to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand as anybody else. They quite patronise the Vice- Chancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where we undergraduates are packed like so many herrings. No doubt they would like us to applaud, but, yon see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Littlego to go in for," went on the speaker, with considerable warmth; "they'd find it out, and perhaps they wouldn't be up taking their degree quite so soon. A lot of 'em came and dined at our college, at the high table, where I used to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." 4 4 What do theytalk about, now?" saidDavid, addressing the fellow-commoner. "Awful rot," replied Winterfold. "They did nothing but pay each other compliments. I know one was trying not to get out of temper with another—something about the weight of the world. One said it weighed a quarter of an ounce more than the other; and that's how it was, I think." 4 1 1 say, Fuss," said Denleigh to Rufus Harris, who was usually so nicknamed by his friends, 4 4 do you remember when Professor Stargazer had his degree ?" 4 4 1 remember what followed it, if I don't remember that," answered Harris, 4 4 What was it?" inquired Scratch, anticipating a paragraph. • 4 You'd better ask Winterfold; he knows most about it. "He wasn't my friend, at any rate. It was my father he knew," broke out Winterfold, 4 indignantly. 4 1 don't know what he called at my rooms tor. I didn't want to see him, I'm sure." " Then why did you offer to take him to see the boats ?" 4 4 1 didn't.. It was he who asked me to go with him." " Well, you needn't have led him through such frightful mire," went on Harris. " Besides, it didn't look dignified to see him running by the side of the river, as you made him. Ana it was too bad to get him in such a mess." " I suppose he knew what the river banks were likely to be when ho asked," returned Winterfold. " Ho did'nt, Til swear." " Well, he wasn't disgusted with me, at any rate, for he came into breakfast with me next morning, and a deuced lot it cost. However, I had'nt to pay for it: it went down in the bill." 4 4 Do you have breakfast in your own rooms, then?" asked David, breaking in once more. 4 4 Oh, yes," replied Winterfold, 44 if a pint of coffee and a roll and butter can be called breakfast." 4 4 Really now, are you not allowed to chooBe what you like ?" 4 4 Oh, no, not at all. Plainest possible diet, regulated strictly. Harris had the time of it; hejlodgedout, up in Lily Crescent; and he passed the evenings throwing toast into the opposite windows, where another fellow lodged. There are shops underneath, and the toast fell on the people who went into them sometimes, and rumps of sugar too.'' 4 4 Who was it Btarted the toast-throwing," put in Harris, 44 1 should like to know ? Both of you were were in my rooms at that time, at any rnte." 1 4 Yes; and I recollect," observed Denleigh, 4 4 that you locked us in the room till after twelve, and got as gated." " Really," said David, " I had no idea that gentlemen went to universities to amuse themselves—really I hadn't." The three undergraduates laughed on hearing this. 4 Look here, Mr. Rimmon," said 4 Harris, with great solemnity, " I saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor got wind of ns, and the slavey let him into the house. You've no idea what awful slaveys those lodging-house ones are. There ought to be a university regulation to make them wash themselves; you'd say so if you could see one. Well, when I heard the proctor coming upstairs " 4 4 What is a proctor ?" asked David. 4 1 Oh, a kind of university policeman,''' replied Harris. 4 1 just locked the'door, and let 4 those two swarm down a rope I've got, into the 6treet, and there they were, you know; and I made out there was something the matter with the lock, until they had gone clean off, down the rope at any rate. When the proctor came in, he saw only me and my reading-lamp and my bookB. He was quite amazed mien I asked him if anything were the matter — quite politely, you may be sure. - He said he certainly thought he heard an uproar coming from this very window. I suggested the rooms opposite as the seat of the disturbance, and complained of the difficulty of working while there was such a row." "That was a very narrow escape,'' said 4 David.- 4 1 hope it was a lesson to you all." 4 4 Oh," remarked Springwood, derisively, " I don't call that anything of a situation." 4 4 You try it, that's all," said Denleigh. hotlt »„ ' " He'll cry a rope in another position,*' suggested Scratch, who was getting rather Sax gone, and hiccupped considerably. . "To not going to give yon the pleasure of writing that paragraph," retorted Springwood. " Ton had better learn to make use of those yon have. Oh,"he said.' tunung to Hanson,' "I wish I had half that fellow's chances. He's lways losing theai. Ou'.y the other day he as sent specially to report on the health of a ertain member of Parliament who had been ying at the point of death, and while he was aiting for latest details, be hanged if he didn't n-Q au(J "et drunk, and wben the details were riven him, he couldn't under=taud a word of t and there was nothing in the paper next morning about it." 4 4 But there was a jolly row," Scratch allowed. " I wonder thoy had any more to do with you on the paper," observed "Medwin, who said very little, but generally managed to make that little offensive. " They knew, whom to value," said Scratch, laboriously. " It's more than you seem to." I tell vou another thing Scratch did," remarked Hanson. "Young Rimmon doesn't know it, I think. He went to a great temperance meeting, where Lord Winterfold was presiding." 4 4 Ah," said Winterfold, appreciatively, 4 4 my dad's awful on the teetotal question.'' " you haven't imbibed much of his spirit, at any rate," put in Jubal, laughing. 4 4 1 prefer to imbibe spirit of another sort," replied Winterfold. This was pretty evident from his action at this moment. The gentleman about whom the story was to be told began a devil's tattoo on the table wish two glasses, to drown the voice of the narrator. Mr. Hanson only raised his voice, and was E erfectly audible; while Medwin, who was is supporter in allt hinge, took the glasses from Scratch's hands, and flung them quietly under the table, for which he was applauded. " I say Scratch went to this meeting where Lord Wiateifold was presiding; sent on purpose to report his speech, and be hanged if he didn't go drunk to the meeting and fall asleep iu the middle of it, and just half of the speech was reported in the paper next day, and the compositor had to make something up to round it off a bit." " It wasn't the compositor," exclaimed the indignant Scratch, " who ronnded it off." 4 4 That's quite immaterial to the story,'* said 4 Medwin. 4 Somebody had to round it off, at any rate, whether it was the compositor or the deviL" " And yet he wasn't turned off the paper," said Hanson. " Here you behold him flourishing like a green bay tree. You wouldn't take him to be a poet, now, to look at him," went on his tormentor. A t a y gch The whole company agreed that they certainly should not. 4 4 Well, it's all through a poem he wrote, that got published in the 4 Kangaroo,' that he got his position. He was only a penny-a-liner Before then, and now he can take what he likes." Scratch suggested that he should like to take some cherry brandy, and forthwith he helped himself, after which he turned very affectionately to Springwood, and announced his intention of dying if Juliet did not return his affection. " She cares no more for me," said journalist, " than if I were nobody," which was probably the truth. David began to be alarmed at the prospect o some private revelation. None followed, however. But Scratch fervently promised Springwood that he would write the best notice imaginable about the new burlesque then 1 coming on. 4 4 Look here, old fellow," he Baid, " you shall write down what you want me to say, and I'll put it in form." So Springwood and Scratch shook hands, and Scratch invited himself to lunch at Springwood's the following Monday, where he would oatch a glimpse of Miss Juliet before she went to rehear saL Here, without any prelude, Mr. Denleigh announced in song his intention of not going home till morning. All the company, except David, joined him in this, and a great noise ensued. It was about 3 o'clock in the morning when a flood of light shot across the path from The Chestnuts, and seven rollicking figures turned out, still insisting that they were not going home till morning. Most of them had not far to go, fortunately. But Springwood and Scratch had to get into the heart of Manchester somehow. As a matter of fact they didn'tfget hame at all that night, owing to Mr. Scratch's sitting down on a stone in the high road, and refusing to stir, declaring in sepulchral tones that this was the headstone of the grave of his fallen genius. As for Jabal, he was stretched at full length under the diningroom table, until his uncle and the waiter carried him upstairs ; the former, wretched and dazed, not in the least knowing what action to take, and repenting as bitterly that he had adopted Jubal. CHAPTER LI.—THE DEOT/EIGHS. About two miles outside Bowdon was dreary stretch of land, productive chiefly of thistles. A widish brook intersected thiB piece of waste, and pollard willows of gaunt and weird proportions flourished on its banks. No other trees were to be seen, with the exception of three solitary straight poplars that stood sentinel over a bed of osiers. The land was put to no sort of use, and had a man-and-Godforsaken aspect rarely to be met with, but not easily to be forgotten. No cows grazed there, no cottagers made use of the deserted place "to run pigs or ducks out, no birds ever ceemed to be singing in the immediate neighbourhood; not even a donkey browsed there, though his favourite herb was moBt abundant. A narrow footpath lay right across it by the side of the brook, and finally crossed the brook by a little bridge, with a rail on one side only. The path was not much worn, as there was a more direct road than across these fields to almost anywhere it could lead to. At one season of the year it nearly always became flooded. The people who owned this land lived in an old-fashioned great house, situate in a valley about half a mile distant from it. The reader might conclude either that there was no master to this establishment, or that he was abroad. Neither was the case. Colonel Denleigh scarcely ever left the house, which everyone else in it devoutly wished he conld leave. They led but a dreary life, exsept when the colonel's nephew and a chance friend came home from Cambridge. Mrs. Denleigh, a tall lady, with much to boast of in the way of ancestors, and an indescribable air of never for a moment forgetting that sbe used to be young and goodlooking, invited- such society as could be got together, considering that her husband was a confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely to quarrel, and that she was encumbered with a rather plain daughter, who, if she did not know that she was plain, had the lesson pretty well drummed iuto her in her daily contact with her worthy parents. It will be imagined that Winterfold's advent was a perfect godsend. 4 4 For who knows," said Mrs. _ Denleigh to her husband, when he was in a rather better temper than usual, which was not saying much," but what he may marry Amelia off our hands ? I do thiuk there's nothing so disagreeable and irritating to see a girl metamorphosed into an old maid under one's very eyes." " None of the other fellows that have come here have married her," retorted her husband, snappishly. " Everybody isn't such a bom fooi as I was." Mrs. Denleigh was so accustomed to this kind of remark that she went on without noticing it. " It's of no use to take Amelia to dinner parties and to balls. She doesn't show there. She shines in a domestic light. Therefore if we wish to marry her, we most bring young men _to stay in the house and see what she is." 4 4 If she shines in a domestic light," said the irritable father, " it's more than her mother does." This conversation, with slight variations, took place at leaet.cnce or twic: in every vacation, when Allan proposed to bring a friend home. On Sunday morning following the party at The Chesnuts, the colonel, with the aid of the the butler and one or two more servants, had been landed in the breakfast parlour, and was angrily looking out on a drearv stretch of lawn, and a partially frozen fishuonS at the bottom of it. There was no newspaper, and this always vexed'him. It WSB the one drawback to Sunday, in his opinion. For this reason it was but peevishly that he replied to the greeting of Winterfold, who entered the room as fadedlooking as any painted beauty appears at her breakfast-table after a night's revel. " Morning," granted the colonel. 4 4 Think we shall have any skating?" asked Winterfold, rubbing his bloodshot eyes with a silk handkerchief. 4 4 How can I tell?" replied the colonel. 4 4 The weather's nothing to do with me. I wish they'd bring that breakfast in. Where's Allan ?" 4 4 Here, uncle,'! Baid that gentleman, entering the room as washed-out as his companion. "Do you want me far anything?" 4 4 Where's Amelia ?" 4 4 Hang it all, uncle, what's up with you this morning?" The colonel made no reply, but continued to scowl through the window. When Amelia came in, and nodded to her cousin and his companion, and kissed the colonel's forehead, she seated herself at the table to dispense the breakfast, which had been brought in on her entranoe. Perhaps she was a trifle plain, but she looked very pleasant, which was a credit to her in each a place. "Are you going to help me np to the table or not?" stud tiie colonel tonis nephew; " Why, certainly, air," replied the individual " But you might ask in a different manner.'' na Wiuferfold on one sine, and Denleigh 0» he other, escorted the bristling colonel toh» ccustomed seat. . Conversation was not readily made, as the two oung gentlemen had headaches; the elder entleman, a general ache all ever, produced by combined rheumatism and gout, which, in fact, had crippled him. As for Amelia she never talked much—perhaps because her elders had set her the example of talking a great deal more than they should have done. She did, however, ask if her cousin and Mr. Winterfold were going to church with her. " We may as well go," said Denleigh to hie companion, rather than in answer to his cousin. " We may see those giilfi." " What girls?" inquired the colonel. " Well, to tell you the truth, we don't know, replied Allan, "but we know where they Uve, and I wish aunt would call on their folks. 4 4 What are they like?" the colonel proceeded to ask, with a show of interest. .. ,. 4 1 Rather difficult to describe," said ms nephew. " They' are both tall, But I think She's more the dark one's the prettiest, piquant, at any rate." The colonel, who was always desirous to add to his acquaintance any gooc-lookisg women, mentally resolved that his wife should call upon them, whoever they were, and incite them to his next dinner, if they could be got to come. But he remarked aloud, not being able to express this to his wife at the moment, that he did wish Mrs. Denleigh would Ie-j.ve off that habit of having breakfast, in bed, Mid come down, as any other lady would. _ Before breakfast was finished, Mrs. Denleigh did arrive, but dressed for church. "Look here, aunt,'* began All--a at 'once, 4 4 I'll show you those young ladies I spoke of to-day. They are sure to be at church, and uncle wante you to call on them." 4 4 Which I shall not do until I can find out who they are," said the proud lsdy, with a haughty and disdainful look at Lor husband. 4 4 If army gentlemen are content t•> make indiscriminate acquaintances, they tin scarcely expect their wives to follow suit." That morning after church Denleigh managed to get the Rector's wife to introduce the ladieB in question to his aunt. After a f-?w commonplace remarks, the ladies passed on, and Mrs. Denleigh asked the Rector's wile who they were. ,, „ "They are two widows who live together, ' 4 was the reply. 4 Very quiet, and i:eep a great deal to themselves, I have heard. My hUB- band has been insisting that I shou a1 get them out.'» " But do you mean to tell me," sasa Mrs. Denleigh, " that that one with th<? short black curls is a widow? She doesn't look out of her teens." " She is a widow, and has a little boy. I have seen him out with his nurse. But she is very gross-grained, and will hardly let yon look at the child." A few minutes later, as they were walking along the road bordering on the wuste land we have spoken of, Winterfold descried two black figures moving leisurely along at ti e side of the brook. He indicated the fact to his friend; and when once the ladies of their own party had turned round the corner which led into their own grounds, Winterfold ai=d Denleigh made a simultaneous nlsh towards the little bridge that led across the brook inti the waste land, and then walked leisurely enn igh towards the two black advancing figures. 4 4 We must take off our hats, beca use, you see, we have been introduced," said Winterfold. " We've no need to wait for them." They were quite close to the ladies now, off went the hats. The two girls bowed slightly and gravely, and passed on, talking together. The young men were now uncertain what to 4 do. 4 We may as well go on to the high road,'* 4 said Denleigh. 4 They are bound to come back this way, unless tbey go by the high road; for that way leads nowhere exsept to our house or else following them. Deuced cheek, whichever it is." And as the stranger passed by them, they greeted him with a haughty ptare, which he returned with one equally haughty. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 