The Signs of the Times CONCERNING MISSIONARY WORK. MïSSIONABY SEBMON DBLIVKEED IN THU ClTT TEMPLE, LONDON, ON BEHALF OP THE BAPTIST MISSIONARY SOCIETY, BY DB. PIERSON. "O»ja ye not diacera the signs of the times?"-MATT, xvi., 3. There is a God in history. It is only a fool that can look at the marvellous structure of the uni- verse and say that there has been no architect there. And it must be a fool that can look on the structure of history, -with all its marvellous ad- justments and adaptations, its many and1 varied apartments, its evidences of architecture, sym- metry, and beauty, and say there is no architect in history. Nawy our blessed Lord says, in this passage, that men are quicker to discern the signs of the weather than they are to see the indications of a near or »emote future. Now, to us this text plainly teaches us-and it 'ia only one of many that teach the same lesson-that history is not to be thought of as disjecta membra. IT IS AN AETICULATED SYSTEM, in which everything has its appropriated place. Eventa fit each other as joint lits joint-as ball and socket are mutually adapted. When God is ready, events take place notan hour oran instant before; not an hour or instant later. When the crisis comes-and it comes with the certainty of the clockwork of the ages everything drops into its place. Now, how shall we discern the signs of the times in which we live ? There are two laws of inter- pretation which must be understood when we are going to read history. We must look for pro- phetic prediction and its fulfilment, and then we must look for the convergence of providential oc- currences, which, like fingers pointing: in one direction, indicate the contact of tho prediction of prophecy with the purposes of God. Now, I am going to apply these principles to the subject of missions. Bnt in order that you may see the force of the argument touching missionary evangelisation, let me give an illustration or two from acknowledged historic events. Take, for instance, the incarnation of Jesus Christ our Lord. Now, apply to the incarnation the principles which have already been laid down, and seo how pertinent and forcible the application is. THEKE WERE SIGNS OP THE TIMES that they were fit and full times for the appearing of the Son of God. What were those signs ? In the first place, fulfilled prediction-that is, prediction that had come to an era and epoch of fulfilment. It is amazing how in the Old Testament Scrip- tures you will find that the whole plan of Christ's life is laid down. I will challenge you to give us any explanation that is conceivable how 333 different prophecies with regard to Christ that are found in the Scrip- tures of the Old Testament, from Genesis to Malachi, could have found fulfilment in any one individual after a space of 200 or 800 years had elapsed, beyond the conception of the Old Testa- ment before Christ was born-how all these pre- dictions could have found a focal centre in the unity of Jesus Christ if the Old Testament Scrip- tures were not inspired, and if he were not the Son of God. Now, if you examine the Old Testa- ment Scriptures you will find that the identifica- tion is given to us as to the place where Christ should be born, Bethlehem Ephratah, in the land of Judah. Therefore, the Holy Ghost, through the prophet, puts his finger, &aib; were, on the Srecise little village in Judah where Christ should e born. Then there is the exact line of his descent through Seth, Noah, Shem, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob-, and Jacob's son, Judah, and so through David. THE VERT TIME OF CHRIST'S BIRTH was indicated. In Daniel ix. we have several periods of weeks, 69 of which must pass from the going forth of the commandment to restore and rebuild Jerusalem until the coming : of vfche Messiah« the Prince-that is, seven times 69 years. Now you see how it ÍB that when such "a godly man a3 Simeon, and such a godly womatf as Anna, were studying the prophecies of Holy Scriptures, they discovered that the time was very nigh at hand when Christ should come. So, when the Infant Child was put into the arms of Simeon in the temple, hewaB not taken by sur- prise; he had been looking for the Lord Christ to come. You will see, then, what is meant -by the fulfilment of prediction. Bow about the converging lines of events ? See, in the first place, the world's destitution. The religions of the earth had all been tried and found wanting. Even the Greek philosophers had to acknowledge that their philosophies were im- potent. The altar to "the unknown God" in Athens, the sentre of all the wisdom, the glory, and the art of Greece, was a significant confession that the world had no religion adequate for the satisfaction of mankind. Then, again, consider how the whole world was prepared for Christa coming. How the Roman Empire, having attained universal dominion, having run its straight roads in every direction, was prepared to become the vehicle for the rapid, world-wide proclamation of the Gospel message. Then consider, in addition to all this, how THE ANTICIPATION OF MANKIND seemed to demand that Christ muBt come- "For all over the world nations were looking at that time for a great deliverer; BO that the WÍBO men in the East were not taken by surprise when the Btar went before them, and guided them to Bethlehem. Then let us take the Reformation nader Luther aa another illustration. "What signs frere there in the horizon that marked another birth-hour of human history. Let us look at prophecy in the j first place. The prophecies of the New Testa j ment clearly indicated that after Christ*e coining 1 and ascension there should be a fearful decline I and apostasy, that the church should get down into the dark a^es of her history, and that then there should be a dawn, a revival of evangelical faith and evangelistic labor. Look at the converging lines that mark the period of the Reformation. Those of you who ar© familiar with history and with philosophy will remember that befo: e the period of the great reformation in religion there was a very decided reformation in philosophy. The old Aristotelian philosophy, which has always been associated with tyranny, despotism, and bigotry, gave way to the Baconian system, which has always been associated with progress in science, education, and religion. THERE WAS PREPARATION THEN IN PHILOSOPHY. Then note the fall of Constantinople, which toak place, if I remember rightly, in 1453, about the middle of the 16th century. That was one of tho most significant events in history, for it waa attended or followed by what we call the revival of learning. Greek scholars were scattered all over the continent, and carried manu- script copies of the New Testament in Greek into all the great centres of Europe. So the Word of God in the original tongue was the preparation for world- wide reformation, and especially a world-wide evangelism. Then notice the maritime discoveries that took place. In 1492 the new world was dis- covered, and the arena was prepared by God for the greatest republic of all history, and the great evangelistic force that joins hands with Great Britain over 3000 miles of sea. Then there waa the route round the Cape'of Good Hope that con- nected England with the centre of Oriental lifo and superstition and despotism, and prepared the way for rapid and easy communication between this great centre of the Protestant faith and that great centre of Brahminism and false faith. Now look at what may be called THE SCIENTIFIC SIDE OF THE QUESTION. The mariner's compass came into general usa about tho beginning of the fifteenth century. Next look at the printing- press. The first book that was ever printed from movable types is said to have been printed in 1450, the middle ©f the 15th century, and let me say that that firstboofc was a copy of the Word of God in Latin, as though to indicate that God claimed the proprietorship or ownership of the printing press from the begin- ning. Who can dispute the converging lines that point to the period of the Reformation as one of the birth hours of history ? Now, suppose wo come to the period of William Carey ; were there not great convergences that in this time indicated that it was God's fit and foll time for beginning missionary work? .1 count that time to have been one of the most mysterious in the foldings and unfoldingB of it that the world has over seen. You remember that the first part of the 18th century was a time of as deep darkness almost as was found in the middle of the dark ages; a decay of vital piety in the churches, a decay of vital doctrine in the pulpits, a general decay, a general death, that turned the houses of God into sepulchral chambers. THEN THERE CAME THE GREAT EVAN- GELISTS, Jonathan Edwards in America, the Wasleys and Whitefied in this country, with that array of the 12 noble men, such as Fletcher of Madeley, and others, who led the way in Evangelical doctrine and Evangelistic labor. And all this was the preparation for William Carey, who at Hackleton, pegging away at his boots on his humble shoe- maker's bench, with " Cook's Voyage Round the World" beside him, to which he constantly turned, filling his mind with all the great statis- tical statements concerning the condition of man- kind, the population of the world and of different countries, and the moral condition of those populations. The marks of God's hand in the period when William Carey matured hia great project, are as conspicuous as the Aurora Borealis mounting the zenith. ^ And now, not to detain you too long, may I not come down to the present state of things ? For the greatest need of all ÎB to study not the past, but the present. Let me call your attention to. the day in which we live. Are there any indica írirtno nu fhn Virtrïrnn +;há.f. Gnd ia calline for A NEW ADVANCE ? In my judgment this is the greatest period that the world has ever known. I would rather liva in the year 1892 than in any year since Adam came on the planet. There is one wish gratified. Now about this year 1892, what are the startling signs of God's présidence over human affairs, and his providences as controlling human events ? Look at these six, not to speak of any others. First, world-wide exploration ; second, world- wide communication ; third, world-wide fra- ternisation; fourth, world- wide civilisation.; fifth, world-wide emancipation; sixth, world- wide organisation. Now, tell me whether, with such converging lines, we ought not to be- lieve that God is in this age, and that he is chal- lenging His church to carry forward missions as never before ? What is the purpose, what is the conception of missions ? "Go ye into all'the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." The world-wide exploration, then, tells us what the world is. Then there is a world-wide communica- tion. It was impossible to have discovered all lands, and even the minutest islands, and yet hove no contact with tho people. When it took seven months to get from Denmark to India it was rather difficult to get much communication going;. Now look at the facilities for communication. Round the world in 90 days by steam vessel and ROUND THE WORLD IN NINETY SECONDS by a continuous current of electricity. Thea there is what I have called world-wide fraterni- sation. Where nations stood before and looked, over great barriers with enmity or distrust towards each other, now commerce, treaties, amity, friendship, travel, passing from country to Country; Japanese, Chinese, Hindoos, Persian^" coming to thiB country to be educated in oe Bohools and universities, and technical academiei and we are going to those countriea to reside fe a time, or it may be for a lifetime. Then, again, take the world-wide civilisatio that prevails. I do not mean to say that civilies ¿ion has made all the triumphs that it is capnbl of making ; but I do scean to say that because c this world-wide exploration, communication, an fraternisation, civilisation is extending to ai lands. Then, again, take world-wide emancipator Have you ever thought of this, that to-day ther is no considerable nation on the face of the eart! that IJRB Blaves j that Britain-God bless ber ! has released all her slaves; that America struc in one blow the fetters of four millions of bonds men; that Russia has freed her serfsP And di you ever think of this fact, that in 1884, in Berlin there met fourteen nations, for the first time ii history, Protestant nations, Catholic nations, am the Greek Church represented, and, who "was most marvellous of all, a Mohammedai Power Bitting in that Council to consult wha could be done to build up in the centre of th Dark Continent a Free State. Is that not MOST REMARKABLE EVIDENCE of how God is moving in the age in which wi live? Then, last of all, I have suggested world wide organisation. If the world is going ti hear the Gospel there must be a network wid enough to embrace the sphere; and in thea» days we find from the great centres organisation going in every direction. Everybody is organis ing, literary men organising, professional mei organising, Young Men's and Women's Christiai Associations organising. Organisation is th< watchword of the day, and it is spreading ii .every possible direction. It means, young men that God is calling on you to do the King's busi Hess with haste. He has yoked the gospel char io ' to steam and lightning, and be proposes that th< gospel chariot nhall go with the speed of stean and lightning, and teach every human creatur< on the face of the globe. Are you up in the morn ing early to watch the horizon for some new indi cation for that day of what God's purpose is foi that day ? Or do you sleep late in the day, anc leave the morning star to be seen by some earliei riser than yourself P My young brethren, I wanl to say to you that these are days in which ai angel might be glad to live in this world. BUT THEY ARE PERILOUS DAYS. "The devil has come down, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time." He is organising anarchy to destroy government ; he is pouring his missionaries into foreign lands, which have been opened to the Gospel more rapidly than the Christian Church is sending its missionaries ; and before our printing presses are set up in such lands as Japan and Corea, the devil's printing presses are diffusing throughout those countries the works of Huxley, Mill, Bradlaugh, and Ingersoll. That in the end of the 19th century there should be a creature on earth that has never heard the sound of the Gos- pel is the burning shame of the Christian Church. I do desire, before I go from this world to another, foy the grace of God to see in the church an uprising in behalf of foreign lands, which shall be so far beyond anything that the church has known that we shall look back with absolute shame even to the year 1892, and say that we have been trifling with the subject of missions. 