They/WaMt;BSJ^ T WOMEN WHO PRAY F6R THEM. CHINESE MOTHERS. There was a time when the crown of motherhood was woman's proudest boast and to rear a large family was considered the duty of every wife. But it is no longer fashionable to have children, at least among those who arrogate to themselves the leadership of society, and childless households are not the exception, but the rule. Instead of childlessness :. being a reproach, as in the old Biblical times, it is regarded by many foolish women as a desirable condition. But, singularly enough, when we torn to the despised Chinese we find exactly the opposite condition of affairs. With them the same old-fashioned idea that childlessness is a reproach still prevails, and they even go so far as to imitate the example set by Hannah, the mother of the prophet Samuel, in praying to the Almighty that their reproach, may be taken from them. ' .« ?? There are Chinese Hannahs in plenty in San Francisco (says the Gkbonicle), and they have a little temple of their own on Brooklyn Alley, off Sacramento-street, just below Stockton. The shrine of the god dess Quoon Turn, the patron saint of the childless, is almost literally under the shadow of the tower of Grace Church. A small house on the east side of the alley, near the end, is distinguished from its neighbors by two gay lanterns over the door, similar to those which adorn the entrance to the more pretentious joss house a few steps further on. Unlike that place, however, this one is not open for public inspection. Mounting a narrow stairway and pro ceeding along a short entry, both remark ably neat and clean for Chinatown, the visitor reaches a little back piazza adorned with growing plants in pots. Opening upon the piazza is the wide door $Q the temple, so wide, indeed, that the whole side of the room is left out. In general arrangement the interior is very much like those of the better known joss houses. There are two altars, with their many images, decorated with tinsel, peacock feathers, silk draperies, and rich embroideries. There are the massive bronze vases, the burning incenBe, the prayer 'sticks, and divining blocks shaped like sweet potatoes. There is the oven for burning paper money. There are the delicate carvings laden with gilding, the immense bouquets of paper flowers in gorgeous colors. There are cushions upon which the devotees may kneel, which are not found in the josshouses for male wor shippers, and there is the shallow trough in which may be poured libations of wine. There are the fresh clusters of natural flowers and piles of curious offerings, look ing in this case like some sort of singular cakes or confections. But the tourist does not need to under stand Chinese in order to discover that this temple is altogether out of the regular order. He sees instantly that the sides are not occupied by rows of brilliant ban ners, bronze fans and metal- tipped staves, intended for use in the pro session when the god takes his airing. Nothing of the kind. Instead are rows of women and children, with a few bearded men to keep them company. These figures are set back on board shelves. They are carved of wood, and are gorgeously painted and gilded. The average height of the statues representing women is 2ft; of the chil dren, lft. The women are nearly all in a sitting posture and are ranged near the ?wall, while the children stand in a line in front of them. Here and there is the form of a queer animal, as a dragon or a hippopotamus — perhaps the latter is a rhinoceros. The bay-window sort of a recess over the main altar is filled with goddesses nearly buried in gaudy finery. In the centre sits Quoon Yum, her head and shoulders covered with a veil of crimson silk. She is not very tall, less than a yard, as she sits. She is carved from wood, her loose robe colored in peacock tones of oluish green and heavily gilded in curious curves to suggest embroidery. Of course she has a gilt crown and heavy earrings. Her little feet are nearly hidden by the broad border of her robe, and near them is laid a curious ornament of silk and embroidery shaped like a butterfly. Tiie Chinese Hannah kneels before the great and good Quoon Yum, begging jbjsr kind offices. Hannah promises -ail sorts of thank offerings if the gracious gookleee will only send into the 'tyotldy a Mftle ; Samuel. Mrs. Hannah has already offered her gift of intercession. It is jrecorded on one of the .xed^paper'^sTip^.B^bk-^jb^lp: the temple walls. On some of the oUi#r red paper sUps are expressed the thaiiks Samuels are now pret^ big; HoyBi '.&**&!. ohl can this be believed of a heathen Hannah whose child of -prayer did nib* prove to be- a^^Sa^uiiei^-^.-.^ete Vito^a'; thanksgiving for the advent «f A littje^ daughter, . . :? ? ^.'^C^i^i'-^' '--V . J%g^ And now the visitor katow '^h^^ih^ temple is 'different ^:-'4^3in^Hflp#r/-^Ghaai!B-ae3 temples. It is frequented ???pii|jl- '^J^^?^; women. Terh^pf '^:^^OT^^^r^i^/;J»i know something of the i meantsro^l|^©*^wisj of statues, . say .-^i^^B.miJi^^^^^^pr-i three men and 36 children, of whom 15 or so are on the inw^m&fa;'&Xygi;&mil;&T-;'- In a description, or explanation, of these figures it is impossible ; to be accurate un less one understands the Chinese language. An eminent missionary is authority for the statement that a great part of the story told by them is untranslatable— also, -very funny. . . , It appears, however, that the women represent a child's nurses, or,, more pro perly, goddesses, who preside over certain periods or acts in a child's development or training. The few men, are a child's tutors or the demigods influencing; those tutors. The little children sitting in their nurses* laps, or associated with their nurses, are models suggesting, what will probably happen, to the hoped-for little Samuel. The larger children standing in rows before the nurses are the model chil dren as they grow older. They are sup posed to be passing in review before the kind divinities who cared for them when they- were babies. To the Caucasian mind it is somewhat of a mystery what the celestial — no play intended — nurses are doing for the little ones, except in some cases, of course. Anybody might understand that there was a goddess who presided over spank ing — only this nurse evidently makes it warm over the belt j and anybody would know how natural it was to -give a child flowers or fruit. But why the divinity holds a sort of a circular hand mirror requires explanation. She is taking a re flection of the heavens in order to cast the child's horoscope. Little American babies, big enough, however, to say ' mamma,' sometimes beg for a peculiar sort of ' tea ' which is not an exclusive product of China, although it may be found there. At least, according to the testimony of this temple, Chinese babies like it just as well as American babies do. But the same testimony would be nothing short of a revelation to an American woman. It explains why the Chinese idea of the female figure appears to us so much like a caricature. To the Oriental artist it is nothing of the kind. With him caricature or '* perversion of nature' stops at a woman's little feet. Her big waist, prominent abdomen, and flat bust are perfectly natural. The par tially draped statue is too startling not to have been copied from a living model ; the unassisted imagination could not have evolved anything like it. Missionaries have told us that the Chinese defend their practice of cramping their women's feet, and retort that Americans are just as wicked in cramping their women's waists. But this accusation is only partly true. American women are not altogether guilt less, but their waists are naturally small in proportion, even without any pretence of stays. Chinese women, do well to retain their flowing, broad-waisted, narrow chested shoms. This style of dress suits them exactly. And it suits the statues, all of which have harrow chests and no sort of well-defined line along which to pass a belt. By the way, the goddess Quoon Yum wears a belt, but it is worn in a fashion that we should 'call very awk ward. It encircles her form just about where we should expect to find the lower point of a broad Greek zone. .... All of these feminine statues are clad in narrow petticoats. A petticoat is a Chinese lady's idea of full dress. She wears one at her:; 'wedding- /-The^^ «kttfc^«he cone^ers a^^ ^t«^,^!e* |e^ii^a^^p^p^^||^ axe --nly ? jusir beginning dimly to perceive;? j Yet why was it left to the last years of the nineteenth century to bring to the atten tion of the thinking mind in ; the . Aryan ' race a ray of light which should long since have been a flood of glory ? Why did we not sooner understand the inner signi ficance of the stories of Hannah, of St. Elizabeth, of the Virgin Mary. We have had them recorded plain enough for our reading and instruction, lo! these many ages. What might the human race be come if every child could enter the world through a free motherhood'as a welcome guest in a properly prepared; home ? Then,, indeed, he might expect to go through the world attended by a band of beautiful and living angels. : But, alas! Chinese women are not all Hannahs any more than are American. In both races there are plenty of wives in name who are slaves in fact. Hence the oriental and occidental methods of in fanticide. ~ ' ? The welcome children of Chinese mothers are represented in the wooden figures' as clad mostly in green and purple, with touches of red and gold embroidery. . The pattern of their robes seems to suggest & short blouse and long skirt, very similar in appearance to the cotta and cassock of a choir-boy. The head of the youngster is shaved,, except for two little knotB just ever his ears. Something quite as curious and interest ing in its way as the temple of Hannah may be seen in connection with one of the large joss houses. It is a little side temple or ancestral shrine for ' wandering ghosts.' That is, memorial tablets are erected by the charitable for those poor souls who might other wise, have no resting place in the next world because they have no sons or other kindred to offer prayers or incense in their name. Among the ghosts pitied by the piously inclined are those of a number of unfortunate women who in their lifetime were outside the pale of respectable Chinese society. On the altar, under tablets bearing their names, are laid offer ings consisting of boxes of paint and powder such as they were accustomed to use, fanB and jewellery, and tuberoses, their favorite flowers. The lonely creatures will need them in their next state of exist ence. But hope for them is not yet dead. The six-spoked wheel of fate will revolve and carry them into another period of de velopment. In the course of countless ages they may be graciously permitted to return to earth- — as men! A Chinese Samuel. The Goddess of Spanking1. The Goddess Quoon Yum. 