'JPHI3 PONY WAR DA NOE. AN INDIAN D1IAMA ON TUB PLAINS— WILD BIDING AN D SPI1UTBD ACTING. (JULIAS HAT,PH, IS “ HAl’.I'KIl'fl.”) A uc suu maxed down on the great camp that afternoon and gloriflod tho place bo that it looked hko a miniature Switzerland of snowy ponks. But it was hot, and blnukota wore stretched from tho tent tops, nud tho womou aat under them to catch tho air and escapo tho heat, Tho salaried native policeman of tho reserve, woar inga whito stovoppo hat with bathers, and a ridiculous blue coat, and hcavon knows what other absurdities, rodo around, boasting of doods bo nover performed, whilo a whito cur made him all tho more ridiculous by chasing him and yelping at his horso's tail. Ami that came tho grand spectacle. Tho vast plain was forgotten, and tho groat campus within tlio circle of touts was transformed into a theatre. Tho 6ccuo was u setting of wliito and rod tents that throw their clcar-cut outlines against a matchless bluo sky. Tho uudtenco was composed of four whito men and the Indian bova, who wero flung about by tho startlod horses thoy wero holding for us. Tho playors were tho gorgeous cavalrymen of nature, circling boforo thoir women and old men and children, themselves plumed^ liko unhoard of tropic il birds, tho others displaying tho minor splen dour of tho kaleidoscope. Tho play was uTho Pony War Bancs, or tho Beparturo for Battle.'’ Tho ucting was fierce—not liko tho conduct of a mimic battle ou our stago, but performed with tho desporato zest of men who hopo for distinction in war aud may not tritlo about it. •tft' had tho earnestness of a chal lenged man who tries tho foils with a tutor. It was impressive, inspiring, at times wildly exciting. Thoro were threo-acoro young men in tho brilliant cavalcade. Thoy *;odu horses that wero os wild as themsolvcs. Thoir evolutions were rude, but magnificent. Now thoy dash past us in single file, and next they coino hotter skelter, liko cattle stampeding. For a wlulo they rode around nud nrrund, as on a race course, hut at times thoy deserted tho incloaure, parted into small bauds, and wero hidden be hind tho curtaius of their owu dust, presently to re-nppear with a mud rush, yelling l;ko maniacs, firing their pieces, nnd brandishing their arms aud thoir finory wildly on high. Tho orchestra was oomposed of soven tom toms that had boon uriod taut beforo a camp firo. Tho old men and tho cbiofs oat in a semi-circlo behind tho drummers on tho ground. All tho tribal heirlooms wero in tho display, the ohnrtshod gowgaws, trinkets, arms, apparel and finery thoy had saved from tho fato of which thoy will not admit thoy aro thomsulves tho victims. I never saw au old-ttuio picture of a typo of savage rod man or of au extrava gance of thoir costuming that was not revived in this spectacle. It was a* if tho plates in my, old sch’-ol hooks nud novols aud talcs of ndvcu tmo woro allanimatod and passing boforo mo. Tho traditional Indiau with tho oaglo plumes from crown to lioels was thoro; bo was ho with tho bnfTulo horns growing out of his skull; so woro tho idyllic braves in yellow buckskin fringod at every point. Tho shining bodies of men, hare, naked, and froscood liko a Bowery barroom woro not lacking ; neither wore those who woro masses of splendid oinbroidory with coloured heads. But there were as many peculiar costumes which I never had soon pictured. Audnotauy two men or any two horses woro alike. As harbor-poles aro covorod with paint, so woro many of theso choico steeds of tho natiou. Some woro spotted all over with daubs of whito, and dome with every colour obtainable. Sorao were branded do limes with tho whito baud, tho symbol of poaco, hut others boro tho red hand and tho whito hand in nltorimto prints. Thoro wero horses painted with tho figures of horses and of serpents and of foxes. To some Baddies woro affixed coloured blankets or cloths that foil upon tho ground or lashod tho air, according as tho horao cantered or raced. Ono horso was hung all around with great soft woolly tails of sorao whito material. Sleigh bolls wero upon sovcral. Ouly half a dozen men wore hats—mainly cowboy hats decked with feathers. Many carried rifles, which thoy mod with ono baud. Othors brought out bows and anows, lauccs decked with feathers or ribbons, poIeB hung with coloured cloths, groat shields brilliantly painted nnd fringed. ISvory visiblo inch of ouch warrior was painted, tho naked ones being ringed, streaked and striped from bond to foot. I would havo to catalogue tho possessions of tho whole nation to toll nil that they wore botwcon tho brass rings in their lmir and the cartridgo bolts at their waists, and thus down to thoir bountiful moccasins. Two strange features further distinguished thoir pageant. Ono was tho appoaranco of two negro minstrels upon ono horso. Both had blackenod thoir faces and hauds, both woro old stovepipo hats aud quoor, long-tailed whito men's coate. Ono woro a hugo, falso, whito moustacho, and tho other cairiod a coal-scuttle. The women aud childron roarod with laughter at tho sight. Tho two comedians got dowu from their horses and began to make grimaces, nnd to poso this way and that very comically, Such a performance had nover bcou seen on tho reserve boforo. No ono there could oxplaiu whero tho men had Been nogro minstrels. Tho other unex pected feature required timo for develop ment. At first wo uoliccd that two littlo Iudian boys kopt gottiug in tho way of tho riders. As wo woro not ablo to fiud any fixed place of safety from tho oxcitcd horsomon, wo marveled that theso childreu woro permitted to risk thoir nocks. Suddenly a hideously painted, naked man on horsoback clmsed tho littlo boys, leaving tho cavalcado and circling around tho children. IIo rodo back into tho ranks, and still thoy loitorod in tho way. Then around swept tho hortonum onco more, and this timo tho naked rider flung himself from his horse, and soiziug ono boy and thou tho other, boro each to tho ground nnd mado as if ho would brain thorn with his hatchot •and lift their scalps with his knifo. Tho sight was ono to paralyse an onlooker. But it was only a tlioatrical performance arranged for tho occasion. Tho man was acting over ngain tho proudest of his achievement*. Tho hoys played tho parts of two whito men whoso scatp3 now grace his-tepee and gladden his memory. For 90 minutos wo watchod tho glorious riding, tho spleudid horses, tho brilliant trap pings, nnd tho paroxysmal forvour of tho ox - cited Indians, Tho earth troubled benoath tho dashing of tho ridors; tho air palpi tated with tho noiso of thoir war cries and hells. Wo could havo stood tho day out, but wo know tho pluyors woro tired, aud ynt would not ccaso uutil wo withdrew. Thcreforo wo came away. Wo had onjaj’oi a novcr-to-Lo-forgotteu privilege. It wasas if wo had seen tho ghosts of a dead poonlo rido back to parody scenes in nil'era that had vanished. It was liko tho rising of tho curtaiu, in responso to au encore, upon a drama that 1ms beon playod. It was as if thosuddon up-flashing of a smouldering Are liglitod, onco ugaiu and for an instant, tho sceuo it had ceased to illumine. 