CHAPTER V. IN WHICH JOHN DIXON INFORMS MR. KOX CORDEKY THAT UE HAS SEEN A GHOST. IT is an article of belief that every Englishman's private residence must in clude an apartment which, by a polite fiction, is denominated a study. This apartment, which generally smells of musty bone?, is, as a rule, extremely small, extremely dark, and ex tremely useless. Dust lies thick upon the shabby furniture, by reason of the housemaid never being allowed to enter it with duster and broom; and the few volumes on the shelves of the parody of a bookcase lean against each other at a drunken angle, with a dissi pated air of books that have lost all re spect for themselves. To add to the conspicuous cheerlessness of the room, its one insufficent window looks out upon a dreary back wall, a constant con templation of which would be likely to drive a man's thoughts in the direction of suicide. Provided with the necessary cupboard, no more suitable hiding place could be found for the proverbial family skeleton, without which no well regulated establishment can be said to be complete. Into such an aparlment was John Dixon shown when he was informed that Mr. Fox-Cordery would receive him. This cold welcome was a sufficent in dication that the master of the house did not regard his visitor in the light of a friend; but clear as was the fact to John Dixon, it did not disturb him. With his rubicund face, his bright eyes, and his genial manners, he presented the appearance of a man not easily disturbed, of a man who accepted the rubs of life with equanimity, and made the best of them. He was in his prime, a well built gentleman, with nothing particularly serious on his conscience, and when Mr. Fox-Cordery entered the room the ad vantage was on John Dixon's side, physically and morally. They glanced at each other inquiringly, and with a certain curiosity, for it was long since they had met face to face. Mr. Fox-Cordery was disappointed; he had hoped to see signs of wear and tear in his old friend, in the shape of crows' feet, wrinkles, and grey hair, but none were visible. On the contrary, there was an assertion of robust youth and good health about John Dixon which gave positive pain to Mr. Fox-Cordery. " Good-day, Fox," said John Dixon, cordially. Mr. Fox-Cordery did not respond to the salutation. Stiffening his little body -an action which brought a broad smile to John Dixon's lips-he said in his iciest tone: " To what may I ascribe the-" " The honour of this visit," broke in John Dixon, heartily. " I'll come to it soon. You don't seem comfortable, Fox." " Whether I am comfortable or not,' said Mr. Fox-Cordery, who would have administered a dose of poison to his visi tor with the greatest pleasure in life, "cannot possible concernor interest you." Oh I but I beg your pardon. Every thing appertaining to Charlotte's brother must concern and interest me. It stands to reason. We shall one day be brothers in-law. Brothers-in-law 1 Good Lord ! Don't shift your legs so, Fox. Keep still and straight, as you were a moment ago. To a little man like you repose is invalu able." Your familiarity, Mr. Dixon " " Come, come," interrupted John Dixon, with a genial shake of his head; "why not, John? I shall not take offence at it." " Have you paid me an unwelcome visit to force a quarrel upon me ?" " By no means. I know that my visit is an unwelcome one. You don't like my company, Fox." " Your room would be preferable." " It is a treat to hear something honest from you. There, there, man, don't fume! You can't alter me any more than I can alter you. What is bred in the bone, you know. And let me tell you, Fox, you can't expect to have every thing your own way. Who plays at bowls must be prepared for rubbets." " Let me tell you, Mr. Dixon," said Mr. Fox-Cordery, becoming suddenly calm, " that I will submit to none of your im pertinence." He was about to continue in this strain when he suddenly recollected that he had assumed a new attitude towards Charlotte, and that, if her lover repre sented to her that he had been insulted by him, it might interfere with his plans. It was advisable, therefore, that not a word that passed at the present interview should reach Charlotte's ears, and he saw a way to compass this. Changing front instantly, he said slyly : " I.should like to know if we are speak ing in confidence ?" " In strict confidence," said John Dixon, readily. " For your sake, Fox, not for mine." "Never mind for whose sake You have your opinions, I have mine. I take your word, and shall be outspoken with you. You had the presumption to pay a visit to my sister this morning " " No, no, Fox, to you ; though I must confess I was delighted to see her, and have a chat with her." " It was for that purpose you came. As we have met in perfect confidence, and as nothing that we say to each other will be repeated by either of us outside this room-that is a perfectly honorable engagement, is it not ?" " It is on my side," said John Dixon, gravely. "I have bound myself, Mr. Dixon, and am therefore free to warn you that you must cease from persecuting Char lotte with your addresses. I speak in her name." " Not true, Fox; you speak in your own. Why, if she herself uttered those words to me I should not believe they came from her heart; I should know that you forced her*to speak them. But there is no fear of anything of that sort occurring. Charlotte and I understand each other ; and, oppressed and ground down as she has been in your house, she has a higher courage than you give her credit for. I am proud of having won her love, and I will make her a happy woman, as truly as I stand here. How ever, it is not to tell you what you al ready know that I have come to see you; It is for a different reason alto gether." " You speak defiantly, Mr. Dixon. It is not the' way to conciliate me." " Conciliate you I I am not such an ass as to try. I will try' my own way. If I can manage it, you shall fear me." " If yon can manage it I" said Mr. Fox-Cordery, a little uneasy at his visitor's confident tone. "Yes, if you can manage it. I should imagine you will find it a difficult task. If you think you can frighten me by your bullying you are mistaken." " Oh I I don't want to frighten you. I am going to play my cards openly, knowing perfectly well that you will not expose one of yours. Shall we proceed to business ?" " Say what you have to say," exclaimed Mr. Fox-Cordery, blandly, " and the devil take you I" John Dixon laughed. " When you speak softly, Fox, you are most deadly. It was just the same when you, I, and Robert Grantham were at school together in the country. Poor Bob ! What a careless, reckless, gener ous fellow he was I What a tool he was in your hands, and how you worked him and played upon him I" " You lie," said Mr. Fox-Cordery, in a passionless voice. Few persons acquainted with him would have suspected how deeply he was agitated by this reference to his old school-mate. " The scapegoat of the school," pro ceeded John Dixon, as if Mr. Fox-Cor dery had not spoken. "As easily led as a fly in harness. We three were differently circumstanced. My people were poor, qnd could allow roe very little pocket money; Bob Grantham's people were rich, and he had a liberal supply. What your people allowed you no one knew. You kept your affairs very secret, Fox; you were always a sly, vain, cautious customer. Poor Bob was the soul of frankness; he made no secret of anything, not even of his weaknesses, which he laughed at as freely as some others did. Regularly every fourth Monday his foolish people sent him ten pounds, and quite as regularly on the very next day he had not a penny of his ten pounds left. Where did his money go to ? Who, in the course of a few short hours, had got hold of it ? Some said he gave it away to any poor man or woman he happened to meet. Some said he chucked it into the pond out of dare-devilry. When he was questioned, be turned it off with a laugh. You used to be asked about it, and you used to answer,' How should I know ?' It was a mystery, and Bob never blabbed-nor did you, Fox ?" "How could I supply information," said Mr. Fox-Cordery, "upon a matter so mysterious; and what is the meaning of all this rhodomontade ?" " I suppose," continued John Dixon, still as if Mr. Fox-Cordery had not spoken, "That most boys set up for themselves a code of honour which they stick to, more or less, according to their idea of things. I remember I did; I am quite sure poor Bob Grantham did; I don't know whether you did, because you were so secretive, so verv secretive. I leave you out, Fox, for a cogent reason. I guess, as our American cousins say, you are not in it when I speak of hon our ; and in making this observation you will perceive that I have no desire to conciliate you or to win your favour. Now, old fellow, there were only three boys in the whole of that school-and there were thirty-five of us- who knew what became of Bob Grantham's money." " Three persons 1" "Just three persons, and no more. The first was poor Bob himself, the second was Fox-Cordery, the third was John Dixon." " Indeed! You ?" " I, on the honour of a gentlemen." Mr. Fox-Cordery's lips curled in deri sion as he remarked, "No man in the world would give you the credit of being one. And pray, where did Mr. Grantham's money go to ?" " Into your pockets, Fox, as regularly as a clock-work machine." " A precious secret, truly," said Mr. Fox-Cordery, flicking a speck of dust off his sleeve, " and a most valuable one for you to have preserved all these years. I presume if a -man, or a schoolboy, is weak enough to lend his money he has a right to receive it back." " An indubitable right; but in this case there is no question of borrowing or paying back. Would you like to hear how I came into a knowledge of this mystery ?" " I have no desire; it is quite imma terial to me." "It was an accidental discovery. You and Bob Grantham were bosom friends. It was touching to observe how deeply attached you were to him ; and, in these circumstances, any friendship he formed being on his part sincere, it was natural that you should be much in each other's society. Now, it was notice able that every fourth Monday even ing you and he disappeared for an hour, or two, and it was for this reason that you used to be asked what Bob Grantham did with the ten pounds ne received regularly on that day. On one of these Monday evenings I happened to be taking a lonely walk in a pretty bit of forest about two miles from the school-house. There was a nook in the forest which was very secluded, and one had to go out of one's way to get to it. I went out of my way on that particular Mon day evening, not because I wanted to reach this secluded nook, because I did not know of it, but aimlessly and with out any special purpose. I heard voices, and peeping through a cluster of trees, I saw you and Bob sitting on th? grass, playing cards. A white handker chief was spread between you, and cn this handkerchief were the stakes you were playing for-Bob's money and your own. I waited, and observed. Sovereign after sovereign wen*: into your pocket. You were quiet, and cool, and bland, as you are now, though I dare say something is passing inside of you. What a rare power you have of concealing your feelings, Fox 1 Some people might envy you; I don't. Bob Grantham, all the time he was losing, laughed and joked, and bore his losses like a man ; and he kept on losing till he was cleaned out. Then he rose, and laughingly said, ' You will give me my revenge, Fox?' 'When you like, old fellow,' you answered. ' What bad luck you have.' ' Oh, it will turn,' he said. ' All you've got to do is to stick to it.' That is how I discovered where poor Bob's money went to, Fox." (To be Continued. 