ALOHE ON A WIDE, ' WIDE SEA. CNOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' . :f AN OCEAN MYSTERY, BY W. OLARK RUSSELL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Next day ho made n journey to tlio shores of tlio Bristol Channel to seek for lodgings. But tho n«coininodation ho required was not to bo found in apartments, and when ho re turned lie tohl mo that lie had taken a house standing near the edge of the cliff in a garden of its own. A fow days later our httlo family proceoded to tiie sea coast. We loft two servants behind us to look after tlio house, niul the only domestic wo took with us was tlio nurse— a person about my own ago, who hud been with me at this time of writing about six weeks, having replaced an excellent, trusty voung woman, who had left me to get married. I will call tlio little place from which dates tho story of my terrific experiences Pier- town. What with having to cliango bore and to get out there, and to wait somewhere else, tho journey was a tedious one, and when we nnived it was raining hard and blowing very strong, aud I remember as we drovo from the railway station catching sight, through tho streaming window-glass of the white waves of tho sou rushing like bodies of snow out of tho paio haze of the rain and the sray, and I also remember that I heard in the air a strango low voice of thunder, made by the huge breakers as they tumbled in hills of water upon the beach and rushed backwards into tho sea iu sheets of froth. It was so cold that wc were very glad to find a cheerful fire in the parlor, that was rendered yet more hospitable to tho sight by tho tabic being prepared for a 2 o'clock dinner. Tlio house was small, hut very strongly built, with thick platcglnss windows in the lower rooms, against which the wind and the rain were hissing as though an en gine were letting off steam close by. A eoiiplo of maid servants had been left in the house. Never could I have imagined that servants would he willing to sleep as those two did in one small bed in a tiny garret, where all tho light they hail fell througli a skylight window about the size of a book. But I have noticed in the couutry — that is to say in rural parts aiul quiet towns, such as Piertown— that servants are grateful and dutiful for such food anil lodging as would cause tlicm to bo incessantly grumbling and changing their places in cities like Bath. Baby aud little Johnny wero taken up stairs by tlio nurse, anil my husband and Mary and I went to the window aud stood gazing at tlio sea. Wc had a very clear view of it. The house stood within a very few yards of the edge of tiie cliff, and tlio ex tremity of tlio garden between was hounded by a dwarf wall of flint which left tho pros pect open. " What do you think of that sight, Agnes," sa'd my husband. " Would sailing be heavenly to-day do yon think '! " "Never more heavenly if one could feel safe," said I. " How swiftiv a boat would rush beforo sueli a wind as this ! Hark to the roaring in the chimney ! Oh, it makes me fool as if I were in the cabin of a 3iiip. It is delightful. It is like being at sea and snjoying the full spirit of it without suffering the horrors of being tossed and bruised, aud without any chance of being upset and ship wrecked."' " You should have married a sailor," said my husband drily. " What havo you been reading lately, Agues, to put this sudden love of the Bca into your head V" said Mary. "You used not to care for tlio water." "I have been reading nothing to make mo love tho sea," I answered, " but when I look at such a sight as that I feel that if I were a man 1 should consider that the earth was formed of something more than land, anil that tlio best part of it is not where trees grow anu wnerc nouses iue uuui. . My husband laughed. " One hour of that would cure you," said lie, pointing. " Ono hour, indeed ! Ten minutes of it. I tell you v.-liat, there is a very heavy sea running to-day. It must bo so, for wo are high perched here, and look, how defined aro the shapes of tlio waves as they come storming out of the mist towards , the land." "Iwi3h a ship would pass," said X. ' I should like to see her roll and plunge." And for some time after my husband and Mary had withdrawn from tlio window I stood gazing at the bleared anil throbbing seciic of ocean, hoping and longing to sec a ship go by, little suspecting that my wishes were as wicked as though tliey wero those of a wrecker ; for had any ship boon close enough in tlio to the coast to cnablo me to see her amid tho thickness that was upon tho face of tlio streaming and rushing waters, nothing could have saved her from being driven ashore, where, in all probability, her crow would have perished. But in tlio afternoon the weather cleared ; it continued to blow a strong wind right upon tho land, but the sky opened into many blue lakes and changed into a magnificent picture of immense bodies of stately sailing creain- colorcd clouds upon which the sotting sun shone, coloring their skirts with a dark rieli gold, and the horizon expanded to as far as tho eye could pierce with ono staggering and leaning shaft of white upon tho very rim of the sea. " Let us go and look at tho town," said iny husband, and Mary and I put on our lints and jackets, and tlio Lliree or us sallied forth. Wo had to walk some distance to roach tlio little town, und when we arrived tiiero was not very much to see. The three streets were not spacious nor splendid ; on the contrary, they struck mc as rather mean and weather- beaten. But then pcoplo do not leave cities in ordor toviow tiie shops and streets of little sensido towns. ' Piertown lay in a sort of chasm. It was as though a party of fishermen in ancient days wandering along tlio coast in search of a good site for the oreetion of their cottages, and falling in with this great split ill the cliff, as if an earthquake hail not not long before happened, bail exclaimed, " Lot us settle hero !" There was a pecu liar smell of salt in tlio streets and tlio road ways, and the pavements presented a sort of faint sparkling surface as though a great (leal of brine had fallen upou them and dried up. There was also a smell of kippered herring in tlio strong wind, anil this odor seemed to proceed from every shop door that wo passed. There were very few people to bo seen. Wo were much stared at by the shopmen through their windows, niul here anil there a little knot of lounging men, dressed as boatmen, hushed their lioarso voices to in tently gaze at us. " This is what I like," sniil my husband. " Here is all the privacy that we could desire ; and tlio most delightful primitivciiess also. A professional man, when lie takes ft holiday, ought to give crowded places u very , wi(lo berth anil put himself us close to Nature— to nature rugged, homely anil roar ing after this pattern," said lie with. a sweep of his hand, " as liis requirements of eating and drinking anil sleeping will permit." " It seems to me a very dull placo," said I when, having reached tlio top of ono of the three steep streets, we turned to retrace our Btcps. " If tlio weatlior does not allow nio to nave plenty of boating I shall soon wish myself at homo again." "You will not find a circulating library here," said Mary, looking around her. "I should not supposo that many people belong ing to Piertown are able to read." Tlio placo is made up of grocers' shops," Bttid my husband. " What a very queer smell of roil herrings !" I amused myself by counting no less tlian five grocers' shops iu one Btrcet, anil 1 did not seo a Bingle person resembling a customer in any ono of them. 1 pulled my husband's arm to stop him opposito to a shop in whoso windows I believed I saw three men hanging by tlio neck. Tliey proved to bo complete suits of oilskins each surmounted with ono of those nautical helmets called sou' westers, and at a little distance, as they dangled in tlio twilight within tho windowu. they exactly resembled three mariners who hail committed suicide. Wo now walked down to tlio pier, and there tho great plain of the ocean stretched lieforo us without tho dimmest break of land anywhere along iis confines, and tlio wilito surf boiled within tho toss of a pebblo from us. Tlio pier projected from a short esplan ade. Along this esplanade ran a terraco of mean, stunted structures, eight iu all ; anil my husband, after looking and counting, ex claimed : — " Fivo of them aro public-houses. Oh, this is indeed tho seaside." Tho pier forked out for a short distance, and then rounded sharply to tlio right, thus forming a littlo harbor, in tlio shelter of which lay a cluster of boats of several kinds. The massivo piles and supports of tlio pier broke tlio weight of the boos which rushed hissing, wliito as milk, among tlio black timbers. But tlio water within was con siderably agitated, nevertheless, and tlio boats hoppeu and plunged anil jumped and ruhbod their Bides ono against another, Btraining at tlio ropo which held them as though they were timid living creatures — liko sheep terrified by tlio noise and appear ance of tho waters anil desporaloly struggling at their tethers in their desire to get on slioro. Wo stood looking, inhaling deeply and Willi delight tlio Bait BWootnesn of tho strong ocean breeze, Tho land soared on oitlior hand from tlio littlo town, anil ran away In dark maimes of toworing cliff, and far us tho oyo could follow went tho whito lino of tho surf, with a broad platform of groy hard sand hotwixt it and tho base of tho cliff. Here and tlicro in onto or another of tlio publichouso windows glimmered 'a face whoso eyes surveyed us sten/Ifastly. We might make sure by tlio manner in which wo Wero looked at that Riertowu was not greatly troubled by visitors. . There was a wooden post near tho entrance of tho pier, and against it learned tho figure of a man clad in trousers of a stdiff resembling blanket, a rusty coat buttoned up to his neck, around which was a large shawl, and upon his head ho wore a yellow sou'wester. He might havo been carved -'jut of wood so motionless was his posture, and so intent wns his gaze at the horizon, where there was nothing to be seen bub water, though I strained my sight in tho hope i of perceiving tho object which appeared to fascinato him. A short clay pipe, of the color ' of soot, pro jected from liis lips. Ho seemed to hold it thus as one miglit wear an on lament, for no smoko issued from it. We drew close anil my husbiind said — " Good afternoon." The man looked slowly roumd, survoyed ns one after another, then readjusting himself upon liis post anil fastening liis eyes afresh upon the horizon ho responded in a deep voice — "Good arternoon." " Is there anything in sight:?' said my hus band. " No," answered the man. " Then what are you looking at ?' "I ain't looking, answered tho man, "I'm a thinking." " And what are you thinking of ?' " Why," said too man, " I'm a thinking that I hain't tasted a drop o' beer for two days." " This is indeed being at thei seaside," said my husband cheerfully, and putting his hand in his pocket lie produced a sixpence, which lie gave to tho man. Tlio effect was remarkable-— tlio man in stantly stood upright and werit round to tho other side of the post to lean over it so that he might confront lis. And the effect was remarkable in other ways, for no sooner had my husband given tlio mail tlio sixpence than the doors of two or three of Uic publichouses opposite opened anil several figures dressed liko this man emerged and approached us very slowly, halting often and looking much at the weather, aud then approaching us by another step, and all in a manner ns though tliey wore acting unconsciously, and without the least idea whatever that iny husband liad given the man money. He was a man of about 45 or 50 years of age, with a very honest cast of countenance, tlio expression of wliioh sligll'iily inclined to wards surliness. You will wonder that I Bhould take such particular notice of a moro lounging boat man ; and yet this samo plain, common- looking sailor wns to become tho most memorable of all tho persons I had over met with in my life. CHAPTER II.— A Bo-frrNo Tiur. It wns not yet evening, but the sun was very low ill the we3t on our right hand ; tiiero would lie a large mocm rising a littlo while beforo eight : the breeze continued to blow strong and the ocean rolled into the land in tall dark-green linc.-i of waves, melt ing S3 tliey charged in endless succession into wide spaces ol foam, orange-colored by tho sunset. " Do you hear that echo of thunder in tho cliff I told you about!" said my husband. I listened and said " Yes." "It is like a distant firing of guns," said Mary. " There are some good boats down there dancing beside the pier," said my husband to the boatman. " Ay," answered the boatman; " you'll need to sail a long way round tho coast to find better boats than them." "That is a pretty boat, Mary," said I, pointing to one witli two masts — a tall mast in the forepart anil a short mast ill the stern: she was painted green and. rod, and she' was very clean and white inside, and slio ap peared iu my eyes tlio prettiest of all the boats as she dived anil tumbled and leaped buoyantly, anil not without graco, upon the sharp edge of the broken water. "That s my boat, lady," said tiie sailor. " What is her name ? ' inquired Mary. " The Mary llaini!" ho answered. "I named her after my wife. My wife is gone dead. I've got no wife now but she," aud lie pointed witli liis thumb backwards at bis boat, "and she's but a poor wife too. She aims little enough for inc. T'other kept tlio home together witli tailing in washing, but nobody comes to Piertown nov.'. Folks want what's called attractions. But the Local Board'H do nothen except buy land as belongs to the men who forms the Local Board, anil the likes of me has to pay for that there land, and when it's, bought fur fivo times as much ns it's worth it's left waste. Lord, tlio jobbery ! Are ye making any stay here, sir! ' "Yes," answered my husband, "we are hero for a mouth." " And when might yo lianve arrived ?" in quired tlio boatman. " To-day," replied any husband. " There s somo very good fishing to bo liad here, sir," said the boatman. " if I may make so bold, whenever you -rants a trip out, whether for fishing or rowing or sailing, if so be as you'll ask for me, my name being Wil liam Iliteliens, best known as Bill Hitchens, pronounced in ono word-— Billiteliens : for there's parties here os'll swear they didn't know who you wore asking for if you don't call me Biliitehens — if yon "ever want a boat, sir, and you ladies, if you'll ask for Billit eliens you'll meet witli satisfaction. There's nothen to touch tlio Mary Hitnn in sailing, whilst for fishing she sits as steady as a rook, as you may guess, sir, by observing her beam." " When I want a boat I will ask for Bil- liteiums," said mv. husband, glancing at me with a smile in liis eye. "This lady — my wife — is fonder of tiie sea than I ain. 1 dare say she will sometimes take a cruise with you. But tlio weather must bo lino when she uoes so." " You trust the weather to r.tic, lady," said tho boatman. " Alan and boy fur over 48 year I've been a crawling about this beach aud a studying tlio weather. Yon leave him to me. Whenever you want a cruise you ask for Billiteliens and the Mary Hann, and if the weather ain't promising for tho likes of such a lady as you, you shall have the truth." " What are your charges ! " said my hus band. "Vun aud sixpence an hour," answered the boatman; " but if you'd liko to engage my boat by tlio week ye sliu.ll have her at your own price, giving mc so much oVery time yc takes me along." " Is she not heavy to row ! " saiil I. " Lord love yo ! " lie criiid, gazing at his boat with a sour smile of wonder at the ques tion. " A hinfant could send her spinning. 'Sides," lie added, "I'll take care to ship a pair o' light oars for you, lady, vot's called sculls, nigli as light us this here baccay- pipo. " Well, good aftornoon, Air. Hitchens, sgid my husband, anil we strolled in tlio direction of our home, for tho .shadow of tho evening was now upon the sea and tho strong wind seemed to have grown vury cold on a sudden. However, beforo we retired to rest tlio night fell silent, tlio sea stretched iu a dark sheet, and from our windows, so high seated was the house, tho ocean looked to Blopo steep into the sky as though indeed it wero tiie side of a mighty hill. Tlio moon rodo over . it and under tile orb lay a column of glorious silver which stirred liko tlio coils of a moving serpent as tlio swell or the heave of the water ran througli it. The dark body of u ship passed througli thut brilliant path of light as we stood looking, and tlio sight was beautiful. My littlo ones were slcjjpiug well. Johnny slept iu our room and baby with tho nurse, for my husband could not bear to bo dis turbed in liis sleep. Hooked at iny boy and asked my husband to tell ino if lie did not think there was already a littlo bloom on Johnny's check, and I kissed my child's sweet brow and golden Emir. But it was long before my eyes closed in sloop. I lay hearkening to tho dull, subdued thunder of tho surf boating upon tho beach far below at tlio foot of the cliffs. It was a new strange noiso to me, and I lay hearkening to it as llioliigh to a voico mut tering in giant whisperis out of tlio hush of midnight ; and when at last I fell asleep I dreamt that 1' was in the Mary Ann and that Bill Kitchens was steering tlio boat and that slio was sailing directly up tho line of glorious silver under tlio moon ; anil I re member that I asked him.. in my dream how long it would take to reach the moon, that as wo sailed waxed bigger and bigger ; but instead of answering lie put his knuckles into his oyes and began to sob and cry, aud I awoko to hear littlo Johnny calling to me to talio him into my bod. And now followed days as happy as hght li carts and bright skies and good health could render tlicin. The -weatlior continued splendid. Sometimes it was as hot us oyer it had been (luring the mdnth of July in the city of tho Abbey Church. Tho neighbor- hood waa pleasant- — a country of woods and verdant dingles and HWclling pastures — and wc mado many excursions ; and in par ticular did we enjoy a visit to somo old rums which had onco been alt abbey, but now its windows yawned, its roof was gone, largo portions of its masonry luul fallen, its floor was a tangled growth c-f rank grass and Wo listened to tlio wind whistling through tlicso ruins 1 Wo listened u-ith bated breath and witli raised imaginations, for tho noise of tho wind was liluu tlio chanting of I friars intermixed with a thin wading ot | women's voices, and as I li Stoned I could not , help thinking to myself that it was as though tho ghostB of long-departed monks and chaste und holy nuns hud viovrlcsaly assembled round about us to sing sume solemn dirge, and llmt if our night were ns fine a Bouse as our "hearing— if indeed wo could seo tlio iuvisible as wo hear it — we'might behold tho vision of tlio building itself spread over our heads, and on cither hand of us in roof, in glorious colored window — in sepulchral monument. Here it was that my littlo Johnny, in running from mc towards tlio grass wiiich grow upon whut had been the pavement of this aueieut abboy, tripped and fell and lay screaming as tiiough fearfully heart. Mary took him up ; lie was not hurt. Aly huabuiiu looking into tlio grass to observe what had tripped tho child put his hand upon some thing grey and picked up a littlo skull. " Good God I" ho cried, casting it from him witli a shudder, " lot us get away from this place !" But Mary remained behind, alone, for somo minutes with her eyes bent upon the littlo skull, musing upon it. Though wo made several inland excursions our chief haunts were the pier and the beach. Oh, these wero happy days indeed. My sister and I would take oamp stools down on to tho sands and long mornings did we thus pass, iny husband moving indolently hero and there, smoking, examining pools of water, stooping to pick up a shell, Johnny scooping witli a stick at my side, baby sleeping in tho arms of tho ntirsc. There wo would sit and watch tho quic-t surface of the sea that melted into the Dine air where the sky came down to it, and gazo at tho oncoming breaker poising its tall emerald-green head for a breathless instant like somo huge snako about to strike, ere tumbling in thunder and snow and roaring seawards in a cataract of yeast. Wo seemed — indeed I believe we wore— the only visitors in tho place. Nobody in truded upon lis, the miles of sand were our own ; Robinson Crusoe's dominion was not more absolute. The boatman named William Hitchens had called at tlio house early in the morning to know if we would go for a nice littlo sail or row during the day, but the answer I sent by tho servant was not yet. I was in no hurry to go for a nico littlo sail or a row. When I was on tho sands the sea was so close to mc that it was almost tlio same as being on it, and tho novelty of having the sea feather ing to my feet in whito and broken waters remained too great an enjoyment for some- days to induce a wish in mo for wider ex ile ricnces. And then again neither Alary nor my husband had the least taste for boating, so that if I wont I must go alone. I W03 not even able to havo my children with me, for nurse declared that the mere looking irom the beach nt a boat rocking upon tho water made her feel ill, and I dared not, single- handed, take tho children, for how could I, holding tho baby, have looked after little Johnny, who wns always on tho move, crawling here, and creeping there, and who wasjnst tho child to wriggle on to a seat of the boat aud tumble overboard whilst my head was turned ! However, after we had been at Piertown five days, we walked down to the sands as usual after breakfast, niul as we passed tho entrance of the pier Bill Hitchens approached us pulling at a grey lock of hair that hung upon liis forehead under an old felt bandit-shaped lint. " A beautiful morning for a sail or,, a row, lady," said lie, addressing himself to mo as though lie baa long before made up his mind that there was no custom to bo got out of my husband and my sister ; " why not venture fur an hour, mum? There's as pretty a little off shore viud ablowing as could be wished. And look how smooth tho water is. Only let me draw you clear of this hero ground swell and ye won't know you're afloat. Or, if you don't liko sailing, I II put a small oar into tho boat, anil witli mo- rowing agin ye, lady, ye shall see how light a boat she is." " Go, Agnes," said my husband, observing that I looked wistfully at the water. " Como, Alary," said I. " No, dear," she answered. " I am certain to suffer from headache afterwards." " Why don't you come along, sir?" said the boatman to my husband. "Because I am very well, thank you, Billiteliens, and I wish to remain well," an swered my husband. I will go, said I, and instantly the boat man was iu motion. We ran with uncouth gestures to a ladder that descended tho pier side, disappeared down it, and presently emerged in a little skiff, which lie propelled with an oar oyer tho stern. Having arrived at liis boat, which was moored iu the middle of the small harbor — if I may so term tho space of water within tlio embrace of the crooked arm of the pier—he freed and brought licr to somo steps. I entered, perhaps a little nervously, sat down, and Billitcheii3, throwing his oars over, pulled the boat out to sea. Little Johnny screamed and wept, imagin ing t hat I was leaving liim ior ever. I kissed liiv hand and waved it to liim, and Alary, taking tlio littlo fellow in her arms, com forted him. (To bo continued.) 