THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR 1 < HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars C. 200 000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. ; Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Darby, is not so rich as many being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin good on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness In December, 1882, whilst living; at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away ; I had dreadful pain after eating a bad taste in my mouth, which would not with water and slime, the latter SO thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to fill up, and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm, had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath, and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For 18 months I kept getting batter, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former muster gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby 1 found however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at D roy The first one said ' You are in a galloping consumption and mini runs The other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but check their head " Getting a trifle better, my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds, and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days Things went on like the until December, 1886, whom I caught cold, got vciyshortof breath, and broken down completely I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm sometimes as much as a tea cupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke vie At this time the whites of all eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot My lips and mouth were dry and purified, and I often broke out into a cold, clammy sweat My tongue was like a piece of brown leather and I could keep nothing down I lost over a stone weight in three weeks i " I managed to put up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at arise and got no real rest Too W oak to i art, I often Sat for li mrs looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone - and w s so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me "The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 'I can do you no good, I can only patchy on up, because you) lunge at e deceased I then gave over taking the doctors medicine and tried everything I could hear of One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said Well you now I cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world I "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour, named Joseph Tatham who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, * Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital He spoke so much in praise of this medicine, I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's stores in Victoria street After the first dose I had an evacuation as black as ink, and vomited Then I fell asleep, and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what he wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. I " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life, and have continued so ever since " In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keeley, head gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 23 years, and bears an excellent reputation Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered of Not galloping consumption, cp lands [at one of theorem thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months? instead of growing wo se for seven years! The complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or ohronio'gsYitric catarrh), which has long symptoms like con au r ption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated When the right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used, the districts) yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation We heartily son gratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking a"sPe- i i ., , \ . , l i . An t"Wo M l i ! 