CHAPTEIR XIX.-JzI:.??O'3 RIDI:vo. In ten daya front tho time of her visit to Mr. Phippn'u ca e bl?i:hmont Iaoto wanv sufiiciently recovered fromj the effccts of (GriettO'a mii dcmeanoura to blinl a addleogao-in. Sho tnrtedi modcrtiy, merely intending to ride about quietly. and khrr, to tho roads and tho gaten, whilo Mr. M'!irath, ove-r ready for an e.ecno which aiaishcd ju c;p!ng from the programonO, willingly cflvrIed hi? retrvicev ans e?ort, and besideJ proving h>im:i/ a moat che.erful and entertuaining co0.panion, displayed tho grcratest conaideration towar 13 the young lady thus pllaced under hia protecting n ng. lie aonmused lato vastlyby pointing out in his cc anical way vartous memb-,ra of tih Itunt, on who:nmhe kept up a regular fire of cunni::; commentary, des crilA, . wilth ;:,ch lhuip ollr and acumen tohe e divi !ut peu iiaritica cf each one in turn, " Do you .,!i! tihat rmaln et~hiiLt clovn to you on o ha:l io hby 0 horrc ' ho na-ed, iund! c:ting the i 'r.onai in quciioan with an a-fyi wave of h arm. " Il"a's tthe Honourab tlifvL Ciharr'ii:n?tn, tin hei-ad of the lardp. dardy no-m.un-lie-r.-f di2-von. Well, for thr-o Sho?c yera d:id t ': IT~;a:l,.. Alfrted n-d I nmeot ccTvtinuailin vtc ,i i fi-helJ, rhaili for threeo cwholo ezar did he I:elcur mre with ac 7ucr cill?::-n : t-," of tv h o - r ' fee things mo re irritti: to v ,:lo: ': ::rnilty t n i :,t c-'::i. y -'--Isri a: n i Il . :::.. ; . ,, . tI " :: . :: . . 7: - : , " _' , 0\. ,-t,, d. . . id- ... t} . - cn c ti eiilrh of mi " i'r- ?o:n-'o at 1,.:= I), teti l thii. Fhai'h "31 r-,r I ;' it roar i )d o ry t . r 0 h1o ruCveG: . EnrY dJl t hii 'y, r id mitoe hIiac -i 0t Illl tup lid down with tlo ci iwv u .i Linin o c hi oir.l It to th sole of hiis faltl iti b Iit- l ii: him hi a !eine ;t arniobo i. the Icoutrl-n i I r,'id , ith tis aiont any .rito ay t mny utlll oo 0 1 ir, iiis t:lr n o,, u tlir yutra to le ? eup tyur aint dd Ou wd dnou.lit d"ein to havio m or not; 'ii will no1 tao 'i cthree . ites to dicnlivC tre honour of :our icqud , i:d ,atiue ht; whleuon ia..I v;hriid tLin trai'iht in rho fronc and tcLt rode ahio'A 'Gu adh rin-ot to thear! nthed ' rrv lanid h artily oat te-nil I e-na ridc ofith tihe idvratrya icoiiit re, "c o l n ever ear; oman look to rlumfioundore'' in oll your born days t. Ito ~os th't atonishrk he cou ld not find a siiilo word in re'lv." "1Idon't wondEr "otEi ifale. leSuch n mind r wth enoughoud deign to knofany c o reath not;y. t will not tan idiot tlhe : r mu3t Lu to decli only pu oc"nea tho b"eottin; sin of a he:ood uany I of rou.ed hun il rai;ht in heoe." "An d what t rodmiht a ay.t bad, and Tierry tolaughed hf artily at and too librttle of others A verry' dicomn filintur, you neillver noorig10opl1 of narroiwr intclled and large Bat oa mant to i a arfonidn to is all, then, bornot to ay oveor selfthat ai Donit you thinkul Cnot fokind ar single wordut ito treplworld oly to "1fi a dol: of detr," enid ihe. "Su noral ewrner was enoughs to take aly oruiI's breathl away. But what rii n idiot rt an, bmut be !r "to only poeu:e the bes ttieg icno of iAnuid what hOlira t f. Cli'rringtnr tt "Torlaks too emunci , hioh imset f and too little ofi others. tAiiiry common faling, esprecirly among coly, though I narrow itel nd larget I eanity." " I e oughprt o a warning toe wu all, then, fotr ur to over self-td. It riovd r otr y ,ou think t:t lt f l? ofCre aputd 'pn tim world soltly to firll ut rot you ardetrmeiht. If Ther are moralt Io vule. Atlfeis a r. :arri of , I repute blo at niler tlitll f,.ar Core cairitblo ficelingl thn Iicn do ot itretet. l'oor fellow rte r. l, ? a incornilgo to you, lu is hut a oucitl Oarnecrow, hifttcd to fibornte all the hurmhin crosa noa y. should :vd! Trlathe taapitri idea, rid tic kle my imaena ly." "Iu rel eo'precs icey for eth Ifoeble.c Aloufred Cf.ri e ton tuttct h did It crterl true coni vositlion, er it io posoibhl that tven tris theualight before, nd'li lio diSyoul I'm the erilmr wal:te's of nolf- ualifiioticio in wich his ol lbut what e utirred fum t. ir trance pt thil lolplhlu hy the l:ei'ir llit of riliculo sreeping over hble. l ulled it av wrnin I canlnt of at hid wie to har' torn dcharitable thfeein tluio n do tlo tou, rlhied, to lvo Otmal nrerowad eulited toe ihtlloie- all theu crumling roil ory. lich te! That' riid capnitl ideally nur tuled my Surely lt; wn lucy? fWhor the robl c Alfred t p'arrilug;toni in t to did nt too h thely, an kill the old tree witi p its geod rnrild ita Lad to :otmll iwatertl of lrof- satilsfl tion rowhicth nd fro lay ouie b tirred frloomos. T hei old tranquil ibe i-uirltl. rnud twirsted, docayed, ctor red iwitlr lparislito it may llaet out rhe lighct of te uin, ilide tloblue ,Ilrs, and cumber thocarhh; ibut ver th rem oved aullethr i it not ant to kunda its absnen ft, and the very ohectlue siono long lon rumblta ed, tt to leave a blank on disap mlom a tnch thoht crumblinttd throuilh on Kt mind ans rh loo i d at tho gentlcay n on the inudgrom ie bay; i t her cut to deioeply, andr quiclrly onrded by Mr. McGrath erolaiitng Sillt here wome anotherod and it, oca colobritios," risin a big brly bThe old trede mray man of about fivo-and-forty, rquiro reatured, clensharledn, and ee-d, decayed, mountred iton a hlung weghlrt-carryina liuntor, rode by. "I artyo ; to tmayo shut notic the light of hine bhcauno he is remid to altoge ther iln it wel apt to arwigt in reat riabstin. It, and thre very object we havoue ro pearing 7 nomt ord, thonfs ltrowsr, d bthrough In te you a good ltoryoked about the gn too." uickly ended by Mr. McGrath colammiord another paqurt one anloto, ofell-aoured ithlocal itiberniani rit. Whln it crme to an end Kiato said, Ii Ahr, lMr. lIclrth, Mirto. Jorrestor wan right e," ah tld mburlyt an greeshoulderedom panion out fiere and -forty, eqnjoye bothour clean shavetion and our keen-eyed, mounted on aly. Sh fyoult no difictake puly in pnotice of hit because to lis face. t only finspirte her witrh friendl ireat; theritaorn. If thyou re quite su c re you ily noubored. Tiss Bro w?is gao but I onider tell, you a goi oery about hr on t oto."r ot ippearii too for n r.d nd ixiouo to M c meath . heo ced perrientcrd no corstratiit iii bra prenenuco. ItO hanother piquanor to ncdote, we bll-flav, or to ithd aiher d, " A, eatinr. lik ath, ldgr. hor?tr, and th firt when hds tolhat rose to her li wccre parurily youered, in purhavo enjoyed gothllow tohiero aor snom men ino rirod her ch friendly nonutimornts at tlrot sight, yet it ii a 9unstion whinterether ther over eucceed rds catblihin any their fate to ro roua h lifo as th conider thndt, butrido er as thv looed. Kata felt her of slf in linitoly brihater and moro pleusin in exr. Md'trath's company than in Colonel clinker'n erie the brino constenonc from the latter, his elighteat expresoron of approval or dioapproval carrd mor po weight than ther bluhol torrent of Mr. ?t'Grath'n conversation pnt together. Nevertheleuo thu facotioua little Irirhrnana eon' trived to lkeep Lo rin a state of eoch. siorpetual merri hearnt, that at likat he asserted -hamm aides heito nmercifull that rose to her ffliects were inmerritly utteredn than a hcaundrd fall, and goodolo rTheall could are some men no onraise such friendly day worn on, her plirlts rotac. ?n eptt of timrupent proat fationgs shet it it n gouting oil her they and vsucceed ing tho ido-sng an put on to Sir Ricward, reho nship. It o out foer the lovedt time sic he hd been in the hanbris of his nw prteno ritor. he lat declar hedis herlghte nst loexpr an of approvid, and folly diappquoval to encounterithng the fatigues of a Irishman con-. Stirrupnt, thato are no had dassertcovred the futility of urgumant, enpreciolly wuhen ouponsd to the fair e unmer forcedifully to it thdraw leffect objwere infinitol for worse than a deriedon, allho had harly reallyun t mlto fenrind with her now lor As efore daoy wn horus of rupdrits r o. t fI i thr of midst of rrup'a rotestalions ohe insisted huin goletngr drawingoff her hack and hav ar minut the liolo addck putg predon to ith winds, could not rcomin froth joining n th chno A propriletor.'s gallo fdeclarl hetilt lo a rnger an invalid, and fully equal to encountarin the fatilgus of ntha ro.heighten i cnthusiarno, nWO th O 'ehrntl, ate hirl epperto. nityirru in of t fore noitw had discovered the infutility of argument flds, whspeclrally when of tolerblto the follcd uit. 'forced tro withdraw hos objo tbstcl nienld, thouh somewhat reluctd, antlyd Sir to his lra ipt or'ser it so hs. Ad an i to reward Sjoyous chorus of sound broke out from veryth midst of a small gorse- patch the hounds .round that wi, and in another minuteo bthe whto pain wlobtontiued riold foxpt whereupon a o throw. ing er then aeront awind, could not refrain from joined iny te hae.t of cA mile's gallop fter otil of nu road running parallel w a ith h Iluttuooia in that done, lt o fiderstolortu. nd nat otartial b thne uforeuaatr b rncleil-o of a palo, but rou lo 'as geRIOuIbop liims thar ind ir order tu liner tliuho alrpened d mtoiruio dwi tooco hath o er ierld ai td o th lru art anl er heeing Ililo olirnalouailngvoroatey, arid ohoichar lor ov norliroly etlu aordily arid tratls itopdity of ateampd in to eceroipat nith 000e 50 wi'itfCjlihidirii" as yIrerCerf. ThoDid thto cauO roe Incihotortly i or?s tIhiernd s ti' t tre', notio' nb' rctran rlo to Colonel Clinikr, riho hnerp?ned o ho iailhiy Ita lso la d bhheputin denlo e Iry to rouel ur a Poona aniruri ho war qualifying foe a sterhailot bttent on getting elaue to li, llnde. SnTernu" toi shoe, I ti lot," noe realiuruncde tanfobee th eet Ciliot f 0 d tni rebrue hg itt, tl e Ion h " othis otoi, oaflualtae lrer eary as to ii's intetion of foit olcervofieu. beIaLctlly, Colonel Clin oer, on hn Clorte Cro elinthee you ro I?rn e rc tee rloy he t." lre o chaery cerifc i rn eiti't, tllieo fi'alsh w'" r'irIr,' irr-il oh",y aidh nkilo, uo retioiureened I "I tfel roytreor"y lIu, too l lyt r uod r gooad hitent ofovoe.'l };:?:Il i-f cae," I I :I 1 ;' "' / 4,: ':.. ? ',:-, :?: : " C:rlt::y," hle rqp'o: t, wit. a, a li ? or plea c.n; ex l dioln atirli;t tiii ?lu sh dpths Of her ae:-rt. I" 1 ltt c.:u I do i'" " hy," ~'aid Ihe rat- lekly, " you con give that young hd in frod cl f you a tlittle uore. room at h-er inet" , aLd n'ot ride quito to thorribly je:doue." Poor thin '"The reactiona wa terribly- - re, and in the dira sho!a- of it ou dol too acrpr ed even for indignation. slo; dre r in her breatlh wth a gasp that reAmblI, the ur-i r caf a drowniog imlul, ant ecitt-td the aiigli uiono ayllablo, " Oh !" "Yea," continued Colonel Clinker pointedly, for comeho:w or other he never .t old bring hitunclf to regcard ia I Pallie?r as a woman, and therefore felt littlo compunelion in tramp ling on her feclinge. " Ye t, and what's more, I caw you just now, aimply blcause Ahice 13rowner hlaepencd to bo leading, ride oe to her horo'e very tail. If he had made the tlast peck or the ghost of a mis htako at the fanre you would have been on the top of him to a certainty. It's douced unfair, and if yeoa call that riding I don't." During this npeechi the lady had partly re. covered from the th-at otunnlng leffots of the blow delivered, and both plride and temper now came to her aaesitance. hait the lalt straw broke the camel's back. When it becaeno a eueationof ridiin, htr riding, ange;.r aeiumned thi upper haud, ajnid couihed all ineitluent aenli iment at its very birth. " Colonel Clinker-," a?he aid, .or rather screamed, while her eallow complexion cud doely !tlamed into scath.t, anil d her aail grey eyes gtioamOdt itoac viciouo expre?o. ion, "I beg letave to tatL I hlveo not hunted all these yearl in tnlltinguhiro for nothhlg, I !latter mycilf I kno}w :l ' to ride at aa fee a. tveitl anr people, at least, duohii the general opuiion; ant I donl't requiro you or anyoneo elso to give iame lessons how to behave in trio huntltin.ttld. I consider you are nos!-t-ror-sto:ser imoertil neCt." She had begun bravely, but her voice here diell away in hysterical sobs. HI eariortill. cation vwas completo. Colonel Clinker bLowed ilently. andi gallotpedl on. " W?ll, that ac? sharpi and decisive enough in all conscience," he said to hirmself. " La Palliser and I have fought oure tehat pitched hattlo. though many'e tIe stiria dht we have in dilged in. I'm afraidI was a little rlade, but the rebhuke will do no harm, anlI the way lie jump ai n pIople is really quite aIbo:inable." "' What a fool Colonel Clilnker i maal:ng of himselt about that Miss llroewser," ,li's P.alli,:or remarked later on to her dear friendl 1rc. Poaet. } thilad iense o enough to kcop their little en. cnontrr to hereelf, ibut rho could not refrain from launching a few voauou.lhdtn arrowse, by way of taking ,.ona re venge. A fel" ad. l C" I e.a Poer. s "t t manner ? I havo reen nothing to Jurtity ouch a remark on your part." "You're as blind ns a bat, Cmy dear," re turned Miisu Palliser contenmptuoulye. "' I aell you the man's quite gone rof Li hacl. To no great aln extent, indeed, that hto can't opak with decent civility to anybody else." " I had a chat with him hama little time ago, and le lapearrl n mch as nleaul." "'onu're a goose, and never could neoe a thiling, even whe it waes goiietl- carundr your very nose. .ly eyes are considerably sharpor; they can't hoodwink me in ta huiry." "oBut, my dear Miss Palliser, who wantl to hoodwink you P After all there would be notih Ing Beo v rc/ wonderful even if Colonel Clinker were to fall in love with Misi Idrowoer. Rank united to wealth is not an uConunoln occurr ence. One rcn It every 'lay of one's life." " There I agree; but don't talk of love, it' a perfect profanation to call such caluilating, mercenary transaction, loae. Colonel Clinker's no moro in lore with Mica Brewrer than I am." "Then his oontinmenta muost be aextremely luloewarm," said Mrs. Paget, who took a mild pleasure in nagging ather friend. "Not at all: mina are very much heated though, by dialike rather than affection. I think ?lies Browvor an odious, stuck-up, for. wvard,falt young woman; and as for Colonel Clinker, any respect or regard I may once have ontortained for him he has entirely forfeited," with which concluding observation she went honmo, galloping pant Kato, and beepattoring her witi mud without a word of apology. - "Phowa " sald Mrs. Pagot, eyeing her re treating friend dubiously. II Sho's vorycrusty ! I wonder what'eup now P It's a pity shoe got such an ungovernlshio temper, but one really nover feehluauro 'hiat a?m arc,_y eanel do net." tea Iseas c i:eeaeaas. 