ALONE ON A WIDE WIDE SEA. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL, > Atmion of "A Sea Qoeen," "The Golden, Hope," "The "Whbok of the Ghosvenob," "The Death Ship," "Mt Danish Sweet-' 1 heart," &c.; ' All Rights Reserved. Chapter, XL— I. am Supplied With ., \- . Clothes. "I did not think," eaid Mrs. Lee, when wo ! wcrealone, " that Mre; "Webber had so good an opinion of herself. Rut tho is well meaning, and alio will bo ueeful to you. " "Do you think her imagination will help ' me?" eaid I.' " ' "Until your memory returns," sho aniwored, '; "what oould ehe tell you 'that you, would be 1 nrno to any yos or no to r isut let nor question., you. On & dark morning without a oompass one " can novor tell in what qnarter 'the 'day "will ' break."" At this moment Captain Ladmoro arrived on ' deolc, and he immediately joined us. ' . . i "I hope, "madam, " eaid, he, addressing. me, '" "to have the pleasure of seeing' you at. the ea-;j loon tablo to-day." ; ; ' ' ' "You are oxtretnely good," Ians'werod; "but . I do not feel equal to sitting at the saloon table. Tho privacy of my cabin, and thosociety of Mrs. ' and Miss Lee whenever thoy will endure me, are nil that I; wish. Resides, I cannot forget — -" I' faltered and was silent ' ' / "What oannot you forget?" 'eaid he gravely. . ' "I am not a passenger," said I looking down. , ' ' " What is in your mind when you pronounce the word passenger?" he asked. ' ' "A passenger is one who! pays," I an-, sworcd. "How do you know that? " said he! "I know it," said I, after thinking a little, ' " because Mies Lee told me that her mother had hired tho cabin for tho round voyago," " Ha ! " he exclaimed, exchanging a look with Mrs. Lee. "Well?" ho oontinued, slightly smiling, " you will oonsidor yourself a passen ger who does not pay. You ore tho guest of ' the ship, Some ships aro hoBpitablo and liberal ; hostesses, and tho owners of the Deal Castle - would wiBh her to ho one of them. Do pray be perfectly easy on that score, " I bowed my head murmuring, " Thank you." "Thoro Is ono consoling part to be borne in mind," said ho, addressing Mrs. Loe, " ono fnct " that should tend to console and sooth this lady ; : it is this— she is singlo. Sho might havo heen'a : married woman, driven by disaster from her husband and worso still from hor childron. But put it that she has parents — it may not be so . who oan tell that her parents are living ? But to be sundered from a mother and a father' to whom in tho course of timo one is certain to . roturn is not like being torn from one's chil- dren. This is a consideration to console yon, ' Miss O." "Do not cry," said MrB. Leo, taking my arm, ; " I fully agree with tho captain. Only think liow it would bo if, instead of being Bingle, you were a motbor, cruelly and strangely taken away from your children." At this point Sir Frederick Thompson, who had boon intontly.survoying us from tho other Bido of tlio deck, approached. Ho bowed, and lifted a littlo white wideawake. "I bog pardon for intruding," said ho, "but I should like to ask this lady a question." "If it refers to anything that is past, Sir Frederick," exclaimed Captain Ladmorc, "I fear sho will not bo nolo to satisfy your ouriosity." "There's no curiosity," said Sir Frederick, "it's merely this; when I was sheriff, Lady Thompson nnd me, for my poor wife was then , living, were invited to the house of Lord — — " ' nnd lio named a certain nobleman ; " and I. remember that at Buppcr I oat next to bis Lord- " ship's sister-in-law, Lady Looey Calthorpo, ' ; whoso father was tho third Earl— and hero he pronounced the asms of another noble man. "What I wanted to say is that this ; lady it the very h'imagoof Lady Looey, except-' log tfa&i; Lady Looey 'adn't white 'air. Now, ma'am," said he, addressing me, "of coarse you're not Lady Looey ; bat you might be a relative, for Lady Looey bad several sisters and 'great number of cousins." ' " I do not know who I am" I answered. . " How long ego is it since you sat beside Lady Lucy Calthorpe at supper, Sir Frederick V asked the captain. ""Way, getting on for. two years and an 'art" "And you remember her distinctly enough to enable you to find a likeness to her in this lady 7 God bless you, captain, yes. If it wasn't for the white 'air I should say that this lady , was Lady Looey herself." /'Is Calthorpe the family name of the Earl of -i— ?" said Mrs. Lee. Certainly, it is," answered. Sir Frederick, "yoii-'U find it In the peerage." . "The . lady's initials are A.C." said the captaini ; , Sir Frederick struck the palm of his hand with his clenched fist And his little eyes sbone triumphantly as he said: "I'd like to make a bet, captain, that you've had the honor of pre serving the life of a Calthorpe. Such a likeness as I see is only to be found in families." 1" The accident of the lady being on board tho French brig is accounted for," said the captain, eyeing me thoughtfully and earnestly. "She was reicucd out of an open boat. But where did that boat come from t" .""Would not Miss C. 's handkerchief, the handkerchief you spoke of, Captain Ladmore, that has her initials— would it not be marked with something more than plain initials if she had sank?" said Mrs. Lee. .".I cannot tell," answered Captain Ladmore. "What should a simple sea captain know of Bach things?" "Theh'aristocracy,"saidSirFrederick, "mark r their linen all ways. I'm h'ablc to speak with authority. At a Mansion 'Ouse ball a friend picked up an 'andkerchicf, a beautiful lace 'ankerchief, and brought it to ray poor wife. The word Fanny was worked in the corner, and that was my wife's name, and he thought the 'andkeichief was 'era. But it didn't belong to 'er at all. It was the property of Lady — , whose 'usband 'ad been raised to the peerage in the preceding year. There was no coronet on that 'anakerchiei" Observing that I was expected to speak I exclaimed : "The names Sir Frederick men tiona suggest nothing to me." "Well, b'all that I can say is," exclaimed Sir Frederick, " that the likeness is absolutely startling." He again lifted his little white wideawake, and crossing the deck joined a group of p&asengers; with whom he entered into con vernation. , There is nothing for it hut to wait," said Captain Ladmore. ;lf . your name were Calthorpe," said Mrs. Lee, "surely the utterance of it would ex cite, some sensations, however weak, in your mind." " One should say so," remarked the captain. "I fear," said I, with much agitation, "that if I were to see my name fully written I should not know it Ana yet it is strange !" "What is strange?" asked Mrs. Lee. " You will not think me vain for repeating it There can be no vanity in a poor miserable out east such as L . But I remember that one of the people of the French brig, tbo young man, Alphonse, who had been a waiter, and who had attended upon a great many English people — I remember nira once saying he was persuaded that I was a woman of title, or, if not a lady of title, that I belonged to the English aristocracy. I cannot imagine why he should have thought so." .. " Well," B&id; the captain, smiling at Mrs. Lee, M it may be that we have preserved the life of the daughter of an earl, or, better still, of a duke. Anything higher we must not hope for. Bot enough for the present at all events that Mlsa C. should be a fellow creature in distress." And ' with a bow that seemed to have gained something in respectfulness, but nothing in kind? >. ness, he walked away. The luncheon bell rang, and we descended into the saloon. Mrs. Lee begged me to join the company at table. "I will ask the steward," she said, ' to find you a place next to my daugh- ter." But I entreated her to excuse me. " I do not like to Bhow myself in company with this bandago on," I said, " and I feel weak and shy, and my talk I fear is often childish. I hope to join you in a few days," and thus speak ing I put ber daughter's hat and the shawl she bad lent me into her hands, and made my way to my berth. When I entered my berth I sat down to rest myself and refleofc. I felt weary. The fresh air had rendered me somewhat languid, and I had overtaxed my strength with the several con versations I had held with one and another on the poop. I said to myself can it bo that the little man with the fur on his coat is right ? Is my name Calthorpe, and ami a lady of titleand is my home actually in England? And then I bunted in my mind for an idea to help me, but I found none. I groped, as it were, with my inner vision over the thick blaok curtain that had- descended upon ray past, but nothing, no, not tho most phantasmal outline of recollection glimmered upon the sable folds of my mind. The cries of my heart were unanswered. No echo was returned from tho dreadful silont raid- night that hung upon ray spirit. I looked upon ray naked hands ; I drew forth ray purse, and for the twentieth titno gazed at it and at the money in it ; I examined tho pookethandker- ehief and mused upon the initials in the corner, and whilst I -was thus occupied Mrs. Richards entered with ray lancb. " I was sure," said she, "you would wish to remain private for sorao little timo yet. I hope I have brought you what you like. This red wine is Burgundy. Mr. M'Ewan bade me give it you ; he says it is very feeding wine. And what do you think I have just heard ?" " I cannot imagine," Bald L "Mrs. Webber stopped me as I was passing through the saloon and said, " What do you think, Mrs. Richards? Sir Frederick Thomp son believes he has found out who Miss C. is. And who do you think he says ebe is?' 4 I do not know, madam,' said I. ' A Calthorpe,' said she. 4 "What is a Calthorpe?' said I. 4 a Cal thorpe,' she answered, 'is a member of one of the oldest families in England. The Earl of — iB a Calthorpe, and Sir Frederick finds an extraordinary likeness between Miss C. and Lady Lucy Galthcipe. He is quite satisfied that she is not Lady Lucy herself, because her lady ship's hair is brown not white, but bo is willing to bet sho is a Calthorpe.' 'As for tho lmir being white,' said I, 4 if Miss C. is Lady Lucy Calthorpe sho has undergone quite enough to v change tho color of ber hair. But how could Sir Frederick,' said I, 'be sure of ber with a bandago on?' 'Well, he is sure,' Baid Mrs. Webber, 'sure I mean that she is a Calthorpe,' and this was all that passed. Tho passengers were taking to tboir places and 1 came away. What do you think?" 44 Do not ask me, Mrs. Richards ; I am unable to think." 44 Poor dear! Let me pour you out a glass of wine, It will be strange if you should prove a lady of title. And why should you not be a lady of titlo? You bavo tho appearance of one. The moment I saw you I said to myself— and I said It to myself before I heard your story — though she has come out of a nasty little brig I can seo that she is a born lady.' Do you know that you have left your cap behind you? " 44 It is in Mrs. Lee's cabin," said L " Try and eat your luncb," exclaimed the stewardess, "and after lunch, if I were you, I would lie down and endeavor to get some sleep." I passed the afternoon alone. I lay in my bunk, unable to read, dozing a little, and, when I was not dozing, struggling with recollection and often with fits of horror and despair dread ful as madoess. Some time near 5 the stewardess looked in to say that Mrs. Webber wished to visit me. She was anxious to have a quiet chat. Would I receive uer. I answered no. I should require, I said, to feel much better to be able to endure a quiet chat with Mrs. Webber, "She asked me to give you this book," said Mrs. Richards. 44 She said she had marked the pages which she would like you to read." I took the book, and when Mrs. Richards was goos I languidly opened it and found that it was & collection of verses written by Eleanor Webber, and dedicated 44 to my husband, Leo pold Webber, Esquire." Two pages were dogs- eared, and one of them contained a poem called the Lonely Heart, and the other a poem called the Lonely SouL I tried to read these verses, but could not understand them. They jingled unmeaningly though not unmusically in a melancholy key. "Why do they tease oue with such stuff? " I said to myself, putting the book down. The wind had increased during the afternoon, and the ship was leaniug over -with steep decks, which reminded m'e of the French brig. But how different was her motion as she rose stately to the seas, every massive heave of her satisfy ing and iuspiring one with its suggestion of vic torious power. I felt that the ship was rushing through the water. Thero was a peculiar tingling throughout her frame, as though she was thrilled from end to cud by the stiug and hiss of the milk white brine which pouied from either bow and raced iu hills aloug her side, again and again clouding my cabin window with a leap of seething dazzle, the blow and dissolv ing roar of which fell like a thunder shock upon the ear. But tor my unwillingnes to meot the passen gers I should have gone on deck. I felt a sort of madness on rae that af ternoon. It came and went, but when the feeling was upon me I craved for the open air, for the sweep and trum peting of the wind, for a sight of the great ship hurling onwards, for a sight too of the warring waters ; and at these moments I said to myself, I will not go on deck now and meet the passen gers ; I will wait until the darkness comes ; I will wait until the people are sleeping and the silence of the slumber of many is upon the ship as it was last night — and then I will steal on deck and ease the torments of a sightless mind fay. blending my thoughts with the dark picture of ship and white peaked seas and rushing black winged sky ; and this I will do in some obscuro corner of the ship where I shall not be seen. But when the inscrutable horror, the insup portable .agitation, which drove mc into this reso lution of goiug on deok at midnight had passed, I shivered and stealthily wopt, for then I seemed to see an awful shadow, a menacing shape of darkness, crouching and skulking behind ray impulse — a spectre of self murder, whose first step it would bo to impel me on dock in tho darkness of the night, and whoso next step after I should have stood lonely for some time on deck would be to tempt me to leap overboard into the ocean grave where my memory lay ! Yes, there could be no doubt that I was a little mad at intervals during that afternoon, and ono cause of these fits of horror and de spair, and of the desire to mingle my spirit tvith tho wild commotion outside, and to pass out of myself into the starry freedom of the blowing ocean night, lay in a sort of dumb blind anguish that racked me when the clouding of my cabin window by the passing foam carried my thoughts to the speeding of the ship through the sea. Though I know not from what or where, yet I seemed to feel with God knows what muteness, and blindness, and faiutnes of instinot, that I was being borne away— that wherever my home might be, jrom it I was being swept. Feeling indeed was no more than seeming ; I could be sure of nothing ; thought was absolutely inde terminate ; nevertheless there was a secret movemeut in my dark mind that goaded me as though the tooth of something venomous, un reachable and unconjecturable was subtly at work within me. But having fallen into a short doze I awoke calm, and then I resolved that I would not go on deok thatnigkt, for I feared if I should be visited whilst on decl$ and in darkness by suoh moods as bad tormented me throughout the afternoon I should destroy myself. Some dinner was brought to me by a very civil under steward, who stated that Mrs. Richards was too busy to attend upon me, but that she would be having occasion to call upon me later on. Being without the power of comparing, I was unable to understand bow fortunate I was in having fallen into the hands of Buch a man as Captain Frederick Ladmore. I did not imagine that other captains would not use mo equally well ; indeed I never gave that view of the matter a thought I ate and drank, and ac cepted all the kindnesses which were done me as a child might, and yet I was grateful, and the tears would stand in my eyes when I sat alone and thought of what had been done for rae ; but my gratitudo and my appreciation were not those of a person whoso faculties aro whole. The under steward bad lighted the lamp, and when he fetched tbo tray I got into my bunk and sat in it and asked myself all tbo questions which occurred to me. I then arose and took the glass from the cabin wall, and returning to my bunk, fixed my eyeo upon my reflection. It may be, I thought to myself, that I do not know who I am, because ever since I returned to con sciousness my face lias been obscured and de formed by sticking plaster and a baudage. If I remove the bandage I may know myself. So I took the bandage off aud looked. The lint dressing came away with tho bandage and ex posed the injury, and I saw that my right eye brow was of a pale red, with a long dark scar going from the temple to above the bridge of the nose. Tbo bair on tho brow was entirely gone, and my face, having but one eyebrow, had a wild, odd, foreign look. I also perceived that my nose, where it was indented betwixt the brow and tho bridge, was injured. It was necessary to view myself iu profile to gather tbo extent of this injury, and this 1 could not do, having but one gloss. Then I said to myself, it may be that I am disfigured beyond recognition of my own oyes. In tho caso of my face it is not my memory that is at fault. Calamity and horror of mind have ravaged my face, and I do not know myself. If my face was now as it had been prior to the disaster that has blinded my mind and rendered mo the loneliest woman in tho world, the sight of it would give me back my memory. I continued to gaze at my re flection in the mirror. I then readjusted the bandage, hung up tbo glass, and resumed my seat in my bunk, I was sitting motionless with my eyes rooted to tho deck when the door was vigorously thumped and thrown open, and Mr. M'Ewan entered. Ho stood a while looking at me, Bway. ing on wide spread feet to the movements of the ship, and then exclaimed , "I thought as much. But it won't do, Ye'll have to come out of this." I looked at him. "And you have been meddling with your band age. Did not I tell you to leave it alone . Ob vanity, vanity ! is not thy name woman . ye want to sea bow much beauty you've lost . Come to the light that I may see what youve been doing to yourself." Ho undid the band age and said, ""NYell, it's mending space, it s mending apace. Another day of that wrap aud you shall have my permission to appear as you are." He then with an air of roughness, but with a most tender baud-bound my brow afresh. "Now Miss C." said be — "but am I to call yo Calthorpe ? half the ninnies are swear ing that's your name, on no better authority than the dim recollection of a little old man who would swear to a ducal likeness in a cook s mate if by so doing he could find an excuse to aic bis acquaintance with the nobility — what I want to say is this, I'm your medical adviser, and I desire to see ye with some memory in your head that the captain may be ablo to send you home. But if you iutend to mope about in this cabin, sitting in yon bed and glaring at vacancy as though the physical faculty of memory was a ghost, capable of shaping itself out ot thin air and of ruhing into your body with a triumph ant yell, then it's my duty to tell you that instead of your memory revisiting its old bauut the ghost or two of sense that still stalk in your brain will make a bolt o't leaving ye clean daft. Ye understand me?" 44 1 do not," said L 44 Do yon understand mc when I say you must get out of this cabin?" 44 Yes." "Do you understand me when I say that you must mix with the passengers, take your place at the saloon table and humanise yourself into the likeness of others by conversing, list ening to the piano playing, walking the deck and surveying the beauties of the ocean. Do you understand that ?" 44 Yes," said L 44 You look frightened. There's nothing to be afraid of. But you must do what you're told, or how aro you to get home?" 44 1 will do anything,"! cried, passionately, 44 that will give me back my memory." 44 Very well," said he, 44 to-morrowyou shall begin. To-morrow you must becomo a passenger and cease to bo a stowaway. Why, only think of what your mind may be rocessing. The saloon dinner tables are stripped, there are people amusing themselves at cards and chess, and there is a young lady at tho piano singing like a nightingale. Sho is singing a beautiful Scotch song, anu the singer herself is a beautiful woman ;and how am I to know that there may not be a magic, leagues out of sight of my poor skill, to touch, to arouse, to give life, color and perfumo to thatdelicate flower of memory which you believe lies dead in you?" I started up. 44 1 will go and listen to tho singing." "No, rest quiet here for this evening. Take your night's rest. You shall begin to-morrow. I'll send Mrs. Richards to sit with ye. You shan't be alone. And now d'ye know Miss C. for all your scared looks you're better than you were when I opened the door just now. Good night." He spoke abruptly, but he grasped my hand kindly and looked at me with kindness and sympathy in his face. Tho moment I was alone I opened tbo door and put my head out to hear the voice of tho beautiful young woman, whoever she might be, who was singing in the saloon ; but either the song was ended or the musio was iuaudiblo down in this part of the ship where my cabin was, for instead of thetoncs of a beautiful young woman rising and falling In a sweet Scotch melodv, I heard the grumbling accents of four men playing at whist at a table at the forward ond of the steerage. The movements of theship were indicated by the somewhat violent oscilla tions of the lamp under which they sat, four bearded men holding cards. I was about to withdraw my head when I observed Mrs, Richards coming along the steer age. She bore a large bundle in her arms, under which weight she moved with difficulty owing to the rolling of the ship, and she came directly to my cabin. "Here it is," she exclaimed, letting the bundle fall upon tho deck, "how heavy good under- lineu is 1 It's the rubbish that's light, though it looks more, thAt's why it pays. Here my dear, is quite an outfit for you. You may tako them as gifts or you may take them as loans : that's as your pride shall decide. There's some," said she, kneeling aud opening the bundle, 44 from Mrs. Webber, And some from Mrs. Lee, and likewise a dress from Miss Lee, whioh she hopeB will fit, and some from , "and she named three other ladies among the passengers. The collcotion was indeed an outfit in its way. There was no essential article of female attiro in whioh it was lacking. 44 The ladies," said Mrs. Richards, 44 put their heads together, and one said she'd give or lend this, and another said she'd give or lend that ; so hero'll be euough to last you to Sydney, ay, and even homo again." Tho good little creatnrc's face was bright with pleasure and satisfaction as sho held up tho articles one after another for me to look at 44 How am I to thank the ladies for their kind ness ?" said L 44 By wearing the things, my dear, and in no other way do they look for thanks," she answered, and then she proposed that I should put on MUs Leo's dress to Bee if it fitted mo. It was of the right length, but tight in tho chest, though it fitted roe in the baok. 44 You shall shift the buttons," said Mrs. Richards, 44 and then it will fit you. 44 I'll fetch my work basket and you shall make the alteration this evening, for tho doctor only a little while ago told roe that you are not to be allowed to mope in this cabin or you will go inad." Sho withdrew, and in a few minuteB returned with her work basket. She placed a chair for me under the lamp, put tho dress and the work basket on my koee, and preserving ber cheerful Broilo bade me go to work. I believe sho sus pected I should be at a loss, and at a loss I certainly should have been had not the articles I required been set before me. I could not have asked for scissors, needle, thread, thimble and the like, because I should not have been ablo to recollect tho terms nor the objects which the torras expressed. But when I saw the things my recognition of them cost mc no efFort of mind. I took them up in the order in which I required to use them, picking up -the scissors aud cutting off a button, then threading a needle, then putting on a thimble, and all this I did as readily as though my memory was as perfect as it now is. Mrs. Richards watched me in silence. Presently sho said i — "Thero is no reason, my dear, why you should not belong to a noblo family, but I do not bolievo you are a lord's daughter. You use your needle too well to be the daughter of a lord." 44 1 do not dream that I am the daughter of a lord," said L 44 You might be the daughter of a gentleman whoso brother is a lord, and thero may bo reasons whioh there is no accounting for, until your memory returns, why you should havo been taught to use your needlo. No nobleman's daughter would think of learning to sew. \fhy should she? She might learn fancy work for her entertainment, but your handling of the needle isn't that of a fancy worker. I shouldn't be surprised if your father is a clergyman. There are many clergymen who belong to noble families ; and, do you know, Miss 0., if you wore a wedding ring I should bo disposed to think that you had plenty of times mended and made for little ones of your own. _ )Vhy do I Bay this ? Is it your manner of sitting ? your way of holding tho dress ? What puts it into my head ? I'm sure I can't tell, but there it is. She came and went whilst I was busy with the buttons of the dress, and when I had made an end I put tho dress on and it fitted me. W o then between us packed away the linen and other articles in some drawers in a corner of the cabin, and when this was done she left me and retornod with wine and buecuits, and a glass of hot gin and water for herself, and for ffh hour we sat talking. (to be continued.) 