BOB fVARTirs» Little Girl A STB W NOVEL. By DAVID CHBISTIE MURRAY, Awnon or . ' .''"Joseph's' Cojvt," 'Aunt. Rooked/'-- - "Rainbow Gold, " &o.; Specially Written for Australian Papers. ALL QUEENSLAND BIOIUS RESERVED." . Ceaeieb lOCVI.-rf Continued. J . In Mb onoounter with Dom; or during the latter half . of it' at least, Hotheridgc had conducted himself with a surpassing coolness, hut when once thb necessity for the continued strain was ovor, he began to know how muoh in nervous force his defensive instinct had cost him. He had stood and watched Dom from tho room and had waved Ms hand after him with a gesture of insolent triumph nnd diadain, but before the retreating enemy's foot steps had traversed half the stairway,, he fell baok in a state of extreme collapse into the chair he had juet quitted. His head spun like a teetotum, and there was a sound in his ears like that made by the rush of a train .through a tunnel. The aA fVo f\P his lungs seemed restnoted by an iron pressure. . Little by little these alarming symptoms relaxed in force, and after a pause of perhaps 10 minutes he crawled giddily to tho hell pull, rang the hell, and stumbled baok again. The waiter appearing, he demanded another glass of brandy, and after drink ing it, felt somewhat better, though still alarmingly weakandehaken, and as dizzy ub a man standing on tho edgo of a preci pice. He was ashamed to ask for a further stimulant, and so feebly fumbling for his purse, paid his score and crept away to dive into tho Bret house of public resort he camo to, and to take a third glass of brandy and water there. Hie shadowy enemy was at his shoulder again, and in a form far more real than ho ovor usmmcd before. He saw Mm in Lie habit as he lived at tbe time when he had first really bogun to hate Mm. The figure was always behind liira, and yet was pre sent to bis mental gaze clear to tho least detail. He saw the candid brown eyes, the plain manly foatures, tbe fresh colour, tho little bit of side whisker on tho cheek, the homespun dress. Ho .saw the very pattern of tho gaiters, tho stain of country soil upon tho boots, He did not reoall any spcoial moment at whioh ho had seen his viotim precisely thus, and yet he know that at eome special moment his mind had seized the image and now re produced it with an absolute fidelity. Had anyone been interested in watching him he'would have Beon the furtive fearful glance noross the shoulder, whioh had beoomo habitual with him, repeated half a dozen times a minute. "With the fourth glass of brandy he sorowed his courage to tho sticking point, and ventured anew into tho etreets. They wore almost desorted at that hour, and ho walked swiftly hut shakily to Brond street station, and there paced the platform whilst he waited a train for Itiohmond duo in soma 10 minutes. The Bilontin vincible avenger haunted him, though it never moved a foot or made the faintest clmngo in posture or expression. It was so roal to him that whenovor, in his pacing to and fro, ho turned sharply round upon his own truck a foolish relief and amazement possessed his mind when he failed to eeo it. He walked briskly, ho lagged, zigzagged purposely hore and there, paused altogether. The immovable, unescapablo, dreadful thing was always at his shoulder, ready tb lay a hand upon him. This living nightmare had beon his companion more or Iobs for years, but had never been so near, so roal, or so threaten ing ob now. It would have been u blessed relief to eqroum aloud, beneath tho intolerable anguish of its presence, but that way madness lay, and there was qo guessing into what -madness of aelf- denuboiation he might be hurried if once he allowed the pretence to break down Ms nerve. He must endure the unen durable—must oarry the torment of the damned, about with him and make no eign. When the train baoked into the railway Btation lie took his plac'o in a lonely carriage, and by more physical instinct screwed himself tight into a corner Beat ; but the physical obstacle ho interposod made no difference to the posi tion of tho unrelenting phantom. Apart from the awful clearness of his apprehension of its presenoo it carried a toiror with it he had nevor known bofore. All these years he had seemed to ho free even of suspicion, and at last one man had formulated against him a charge which his own soul had never failed to bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed was done. Ho had foiled his accuser for tho time, but that, meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of chanos might carry new evidence to the man who knew bo muoh and guessed so much already. He drank deep that night and drugged his fears at last, but when he awoke siok with excess, he found his ghost still in its place, implacably serene and cheerful, the Georgo Redwood of a quarter of a century ago. He felt that business was impossible for the day, and he sent a telegram to that effeot to town. . 4 If necessary to consult mie, come down. Too ill to leave house. Refuse all inquirers address.' Au hour or two later his confidential man appeared with a bundle of important papers and left thorn for his employer's consideration. ' Come down again, Jessamer,' he said. 4 Come in the afternoon, or better still, come in- the evening. There are a eoore of things about which I may give you instructions. I'm not altogether well, and I may be forced to take a holiday.' The mockery of the phrase hit him hard, and some of its bitterness found its way into his tone. There was email hope of a holiday for him while that plaoid bug bear Btood changeless at his shoulder. 4 Bring your handbag with you, and stay the night. I may detain you lato.' This, invitation was equal to a com mand, and Jessamer accepted it, bowing low. Hotheridge was his man of men ; a king in finance, and with every sigh of growth in his importance in financial circles, Jessamer took higher rank uraong his compeers. He had never had such an honour placed upon him as Hetheridgo now offered. To he invited as a guest at Hetheridge's house, if only for a night, was in itsolf a high distinction. If he had known the compelling dread of lone liness which dictated tho invitation, he might, perhaps, have felt less flattered by it. 4 Can you behereto dinner?' Hotheridge asked. . ! 4 At what hour, sir?' 4 Say T o'clock.' 4 1 fear sir,' returned. Mr. Jessamer with' a Bmboth obsequiousness, ' that that will be impossible. The American mail leavcB to-night. I shall be eoarcely able to quit the offlae before 7.' 4 Ah, yes,' Baid Hotheridge ; 4 of course, of course; I had forgotten. Get down as soon as you can. I con give you a bottle of good wine, JeBsamer/ he added with a pluthsy "pretence, at geniality, whioh fluttered the confidential man anew. 4 TVe will talk things over. It is not impro bable that I may leave affairs' in your care for ii littlo while. I have not had even a pretence of rest for years.' 4 You will forgive my presuming to notice it, sir,' said Jessumer, ' but I have thought you worked too hard. The opinion is not raino alone, sir, it's' quite general, I assure you.' " 4 1 dare say, Jessamer, I dare . say,' his employer answered with the same clumsy show of geniality as before. ; 4 "We'll seo about things to-night.' \- W>. Jessamer, accepting this as Ms dis missal, went Ms way with unlifted heart, feeling himself indeed to be the chosen of Pharaoh. Hetheridgo stayed behind to endure his own torments as he might. He dived deep into tho papers whioh had been laid before him, and for the first time in his life felt business wholly with out value as an autidote to thought. Tho sultry heat of the day oppressed him though he sat with open windows, and even in the lawn whioh siopod from his walls to the waters of slow gliding Thames, the air seemed confined and olose. The olouds had built up everywhere an under root of doleful gray. There were occasional uneasy rumblings of thunder, and now and again a flash of harmless summer lightning pulsuteu swiftly uiirOHS the olouded landscape. Whether ho strovo in vain to grasp tho meaning of the business papers, or read the money column of tho Times, or wandered idly on the lawn, or sat at meals, it was all one. Tho changeless, placid phantom clung close tb his shoulder; and every passing hour soemcd to' make its 'presence more and more intolerable. Ho drank heavily at dinner, trusting to obscure his thoughts. . 'I mast keep sober till I have once' seen Jessamer,'' ho thought,' 4 and then I must drown everything.' ; Tho night was prematurely dark, and swift gusts of wind were rising. - They lashed the treeB whioh stood upon tbo lawn into moans of torment, whioh were succeeded by long , pauses of brooding silence, and they laid unseen bauds on door and casement, and mourned about the liou6e.aB if resentful of extrusion. ' If anybody should call/ ho said, as ho rose from the dinner table; ,4 1 shall be in my own room. Put out tho brandy and soiln there, light the lamp, and leave out some oigars.' . The man obeyed him' and left liira alone. A great blast surged up aguinst tbe house and set hiB torn nerves quivur- ing with n superstitious torror at its voices. He walked to his own room through the shadows of the hall, and as he did so, for the first time, hie phantom seamed to undergo a change. Eye and hand both menaced him, and in a sudden acoess of terror ho fairly sprang into the apartment and slammed the door behind him. At that instant tho boll rang, and he beared voices in. the hall. 4 Hero at last/ ho thought, 4 thank God, is Jessamer.' Another gust of wind, fiercer thau any of its precursors, burst open the French windows, and tbo light in tho lamp iliokered and wont out. A vivid flash of lightning illumined lawn and river and sky .for a single instant, and then the , juws of darkness , did devour it up. A . tremendpup ;ojash.':Of r thundei? followed,' and a deluge of sudden rain came swish ing into tho_ room. He struggled with the windows in tho darkness, forced them haok and secured thorn. Ho groped his way to tho tablo and felt for a box of wax vestas whioh ho remembered to lmvo seen there. Having found it he struok a light andreinovod the shade and thoheated lamp glass, Baving his fingers from con tact with it by using his handkerchief, relit the lamp, replaced tho glass and shade, and slowly turned up the light. For a mere instant!- ho had forgotten hie phantom terror, but_ when he raised his head he bsw it standing there in flesh and blood before him, feature for featuvo, huo for huo, from head to foot the same. He stared with haggard eyes, and the appari tion cume forward. Its lips moved and it spoke. 4 My name is George Redwood.' One unimaginable shook of horror struok him, and he fell upon his face, to be continued to-morrow. 