"NADA, THE LILY. I Bf H. RITíEB. HÄ.QGAED. COPYRIGHT, ISM, writ BIDER HAGGARD [ALL R10UX3 KESEBVKD.] CHAPTER XXXU--ZINITA coins io THE KINI DUTGAAN the'king sat upon a day in th kraal Dmgugundhlovu, -waiting till Ilia imp: should return' from the Income that is no' named, the Blood Uiver. - He had sent thei thither to'destroy the laager of the Boen and thence, as he thought, they should prt auntly return with victory. Idly he sat in th kraal watching the vultures wheel above th TTill of Slaughter, and round him stood xogiment. - ' My hirds are hungry,' he said to a counse. lor. ' 'Doubtless there shall soon be meat t feed them, O King!' the counsellor ar .wered. . a.t AB he spoke ono came near, saying that woman sought leave to speak to the kin upon some great matter. -, ' let her come,' he answered ; ' I am sic for tidings, perhaps she can tell of the impi .-Presently the woman was led in. Sh -was tall and fair, and she held two childre ïy tho hand. What is thine errand ?' asked Dingaan. . ' Justice, O King,' she answered. " * Ask for blood, it shall be easier to find.' .I ask blood, O King.' ' Tho blood of whom ?' "'The blood of Bulalio, the Slaughterei Chief of the People of the Axe, the blooi of Nada tho Lily, and of all those who cliiij tb her.' . Now Dingaan sprang up and swore a: oath hy the hoad of the Black One who wa gone. . ' What ?' he cried, ' does the Lily the: live as the captain thought?' . ' She lives, O King. She is wife to th Slaughterer,: and because of her -witchcraf he has put me, his first wife, away agains all law and honour. Therefore I ask venge ance on the witch, and vengeance also 01 him who was my husband.' 'Thou art a good wife,' said the king ' May my watching spirit Bave me from sud a one. Hearken ! I would gladly grant th; desire, for I, too, hate this Slaughterer, one I, too, would crush this Lily. Yet, woman thou comest in a bad hour. Hero I bavi but one regiment, and I think that th« Slaughterer may take some killing. Wai' till my impis return from wiping out tin white Amaboona, and it shall be as thoi dost desire. Whose are those children ?' ' They are my children and the childrer. of Bulalio, who was my husband.' ' Tho children of him whom thou wouldst cause to be Blain.' ' Tea, King.' ' ' Surely, woman,.thou art as good a motbei as wife!' Baid Diugaan. 'Now I have spoken-begone 1' But the heart of Zinita was hungry foi vengeance, vengeance swift and terrible, on -the Lily, who lay in her pince, and on ber husband, who had thrust her aside for the Lily's sake. Sbo did not desire to wait-no, not even for an hour. " ? Hearken, O King!'she cried, ' tho tale is not yet all told. This man, Bulalio, plots against thy throne with Mopo, son of Make dnma, who was thy counsellor.' '?He plots against my throne, woman? "The lizard plots against tho cliff on which it «UUB itself ? Then let him plot ; and as for Mopo, I will catch him yet !' » ' Tes, O King ! but that is not all the tale. This man has another name-he is named Umslopognas, son of Mopo. But be is no son of Mopo ; ho is a son to the Black One ?who is dead, tho mighty king who was thy ?brother, by Baleka, sister to Mopo. Yes, I know it from tho lips of Mopo. I know all the tale. Ho is heir to thy throne by blood, 0 King, and thou Bittest in his place.' Por a little while Dingaan sat astounded. Then ho commanded Zinita to draw near and tell him that tale. 1 Now, behind the stool on which he sat stood two counsellors only, nobles whom Dingaan loved, and these alone bud heard the last words of Zinita. He bade those nobles' stand in front of him, out of earshot and -'away from 'every other man. Then Zinita drew near, and told Dingaan'tho tale of, tho birth of TJmslopognas and all that followed, and, by many a token and many a deed of Ohaka's that he remembered, Din- gaan the king know that it was a true Btory. When at: length she had done, he sum- moned the captain of the regiment that stood around; he was a-great man named Paku, and he also-summoned certain men who do the king's bidding. ? To the captain of the impi ho spoke sharply, saying ' Take three companies and guides, and come by night to tho town'of tho People of tho Ase, that is by Ghost Mountain, and burn it, and slay all the wizards who sleep, therein. Most of all, Blay the Chief of the People, who is named Bulalio the Slaugh- terer or TJmslopogaas. Kill him by torture if you may, but kill him and bring his head to mc. Take that wife of his, who is known as Nada the Lily, alive if you can, and bring her to me,' for I would cause her to be slain here. _ Bring tho cattle also. Now go, and go swiftly, this hour. If ye return, having failed in ono jot of my command, ye die, every one of you-ye dib, and slowly. Begone!' . . Tho captain saluted, and, running to ina regiment, issued a command. Three full companies leapt forward at his word,' nnd Tan after him through the gates of the kraal TTtngugundhlovu, heading for - the Ghost Mountain Then Dingaan called to those who do the bing's bidding, and, pointing to tho two nobles, his counsellors, who had heard the -words of Zinitn, commanded that they should "bo killed. The nobles heard, and, haring saluted the king, covered their faces, knowing that they must die.because they had learned too much. So they wore killed. Wow, it was ono of these counsellors who had said that doubtless meat would soon be found to feed the king's birds. Then the king commanded those who do Lis bidding that thoy should take the children of Zinita and make awny with thom. But when Zinita hoard this sho cried aloud, for she loved her children'. . Then Dingaan mocked her. . 'What?1 he said, 'art thou a fool as Tivoli as wicked ? Thou sayest that thy hus- band, whom thou bast given to death, ia born of one who is dead, nnd ÍB heir to my throne. Thou sayest also that theso children are born of him ; therefore, when he ÍB dead, they will bo heirs to my throne. Am I then mad that I should suffer them to live ? "Woman, thou inst fallen into tbino own trap. Take them away.'. . . . . Now Zinita tnsted of the cup which she lad-brewed for other lips, and grew- dis- traught in her misery, and wrung her hands, crying that she repented hor of tho evil , ana ;»Rml<r¿mun UmBloppgass and the,;Xily-pf that which awaited them. . " And she turned to run toward! the gates". But. the, king laughed.and nodded, arid' they Drought her back, and presently she" was dead also. "" Thus, then," ""my¿ father, prospered . the wickedness pf Zintta, the. head wife pf Um? slopogaas, my fosterling. ?.? -¿ Now,\these3wereithe last sláyings that were wrought at the-kraal TJmgugundhlovu, I for just'aVDm'gttn had made an end of them ; and once more grew weary, he lifted his eyes and saw the hillsides black with men, who l>y, their dress ^were of his own irapi-men I -whom he had sent out against the Boers. And yet where was the proud array, where the plumes and shields, " where , the song of victory? Here,. indeed, were soldiers,?< but they walked in groupB like women and hung their héadB like chidden children. "'' '.' !' Then be learned the truth.. The impi had been defeated by the banks of the Income; thousands had perished at the laager, mowed down by the guns of the Boers, thousands more had been drowned in'the Income, till the waters were red and the bodies of the slain pushed each other under, and those .who still lived walked upon them. , '" Dingaan heard, and was seized with fear, for it was said that the Amaboona followed fast on the track,of the conquered. That day he fled to the bush on the Black TJmfolozi river, and that night the 'sky was crimson with the burning pf the kraal TJmgu gundbovu, where the Elephant should trum- pet no more, and-the «vultures were scared from the Hill of .Slaughter by the roaring of the flames.;- .. , . , : Galazi sat on the lap of the stone "Witch, gazing towards the wide plains below, that .were yet white with the moon, though the night grew towards . the morning. Grey snout whined at his sideband Deathgrip thrust his muzzle into ;kis hand ; but Galazi took no heed, for he was brooding on the fall of Umslopogaas from'-'the^'man that he bad been to tho ' level '" of ? 'a woman's slave, of the Axe, because ot the coming of Nada, For all the. women , and . children had gone to the Peast of "Women, and would not return for long, and it seemed to. Galazi that many of the men had slipped away also, as though they had smelt some danger from afar. ' Ah, Deathgrip,' said Galazi aloud to the wild"brute athis side, ' changed is the,Wolf King my brother, all changed because ot\a woman's kiss. Now he hunts no more, no moro shall Groan-Maker be aloft; it is a woman's kiss- he'.'craves,' not the touch of your rough tongue ;- it is a woman's hand be holds, not the smooth haft or horn, he, who of all men, was the fiercest and tho first; for this last shame has overtaken bim. Surely, Ohaka was' a'great: king though an evil, and ho showed'his greatness when lie forbnde marriage to the warriors, marriage jthat~makes the heart soft and turns blood to Swater." Now Galazi ceased, and turned'idly fo- rwards the kraal of the People'of tho Axe, rand as he looked his eyes caught a gleam of light that seamed to travel in and out of the edge of the shadow of Ghost Mountain as a woman's'needle travels thro.ugh a skin, now seen and now lost in the skin. He started and watched. Ah ! there the light came out from the shadow. Now, by Chaka's bead, it was the light of spears ! Ono moment more Galazi watched. It was a little impi, perhaps they numbered two hundred men, running silently, but not to battle, for they wore no plumes. -Yet ithey .went out to kill, for they ran in com- panies, and each man carried assegais and a shield. and on the breaking of the People JNow, Unlazi had beard tell ot such impis that hunt by night, and ho knew well that these were the,, king's dogs, and their game was men, a big kraal of sleeping men, otherwise there had been fewer dogs. Isa .whole pack sent out to catch an antelope on jts form ?.' Galazi wondered whom they sought. Ah! now they turned to the fora, and he knew. It was his.brother TJmslopo ;gaas and Nada the Lily arid tho People of ithe Axe. These were the king's dogs, and Zinita bad let thom Blip, 3?or this reason she had called a feast of women,, and taken the children with her; for this reason so many had boen summoned from the kraal by one means and the other : it was that they might escape tho slaughter. ; " ' ^ Galazi bounded to his feet."':.. l'or one moment he thought.Might . not', these hunters be hunted?1 Could ne not destroy them: by the. jawsi.of the wolves as once before they had destroyed a certain impi of the king's. Ay, if ho had seen them but one hour before, then.'scarcely a man of them should hare lived to reach the stream, for he would have waylaid them with his':Wolves. But now it might not be ; the soldiers neared the ford, and Galazi knew well that his grey people would not hunt on the further plain, though for .thia he had heard one reason only, that which was given him by the lips of the dead,in à dream.. - . / "What, then, might be done ? One thing ¿lone : warn TJmsTopogaas. Yet how? For him who could swim"; a rushing river there was, indeed, a swifter, way to j the place of the People of the Axe^-a way that-was to the path of the imp! as is tho bow-string to the strung bow. And, yet they had travelled well night half the: length of 'the bow. Still, he might do it, he whose feet were the swift- est in the land, except those, of Umslopogans. ¡At the;least,; he would:try. . Mayhap, the ;impi would tarry to drink.at the ford. : " So .Gralazi thought, in his heart, and his ¡thought .was swift as the light. Then,with abound he was away,down the mountain side. Prom boulder to boulder he leapt like a buck, he crashed through the brake like a bull, he skimmed the lerel like a swallow. The mountain was done with now ; there in the front lay the yellow river foaming in its flood,'so he had swum it before. Ah l a good leap, far out into the torrent ; it was strong. but he breasted it. He was through, he stood upon the bank shaking the water from him like a dog, and now he was away up tho narrow- gorge of stone to the long slope,, running low as bis wolves ran. Before him was the town-one side shone silver with the sinking moon,' one was grey with .the breaking dawn. Ah ! .they were there, ho saw them moving through the grass hy the eastern ' gate ¡'-he Baw the long lines of, slayers creep -to, the, left'and the right.' "' ":'y- ?-'-".?'.'"""'':'-*'''---'-. '.. . . How could ho pass tbem'beford tho circle of death was drawn ? : Six spear- throws to run, and they, had but' such "a little way! Tho ; moalio-plants were' tall, and at'á 'spot they- almost touched the -fence. Up - the path I, Could UmBlopognas, his brother, move more' fast, he wondered; than''the "Wolf . whosped , to, " save him ?. He, was there,-;hidden, by' tbo'; moalie 8talks¡?,"and there, along^h'e^fence tothe'righ't.and'tp ' Wow ! "What was that,?'Baid one soldier oï'thlÇnng to anothe^tmw0 M^tiiqy^neS theirs guard,t completm '?.;ü;<f-íi tií io; .'. a ; .-..'- o« ,1'fcil'j. i'd; ' Wow ! something great and black craBbed through the fence before me.' _J ' * I heard it, brother,' answered'the other man. ' I heard it, but I, Baw nothing. It must haye been a dog : 'Sib man could leap so high.'. -.\\\>. - .' ? . ; .:i:n * A,..i^ ' More like a wolf,' said the first ; 1 nt the least, let us pray , that it waa not an JSsèdoioan who will put us into the hole jin' ita back. Is your fire ready, v brother ? I Woio\ these wizards shall wake warm ; the signal should be soon:' ''? '- '? . . Then arose the sound of a great voice crying, ' Awake, ye sleepers, the foe is at your gates!' - : : (To ho continual itt Tuesday'/ Issue.) 