TWO , TRAGEDIES. {From the Detroit Free Press.) . CHAPTER XVIH. \- The Sunday after Mr. Dormer's pro- posal to Muriel, the church was unusually crowded. Something had got about in a mysterious way; the air was astir with excitement. People didn't know what would happen, ana their surmises were of the vaguest. The universal opinion was thatfthe minister would make a statement from" the pulpit. What that statement might ho no one knew positively, aud yet .very farmer for miles round was prepared to back his own opinion. The prevailing rumor, however, was that it had some- thing to do with Lee's death. True to its instincts, Mr. Samp Eggleston's paper had once more made capi al out of Bully Buell. No one believed that worthy had really slipped away from the officers of the law in RO unsatisfactory a manner. It ' needed a faa simih certificate of his death to firmly convince the people "of the , Ottawa valley that its most disreputable : inhabitant had really joined the majority. Big John Ivor was inconsolable, and talked of resigning hts office. It was very galling to his professional pride to think the man whem he had been hunting so long was snugly esconced on the oppo- site shore of the river all the time and inwardly chuckling at his discomfiture. However, people strongly represented to Big John that'he ought to be thankful snob a source of anxiety had been re- moved from his path. Providence, they declared, had aave.d bis life by taking Bully Buell's, for that desperado had vowed never to be captured: alive. But . still Big John sat in church with a shame< ful glow on his countenance, as if he expected to be publicly reproved from thc pulpit for his lack of detective skill. The usual prayers were read, and as thc : strains of the hymn died away people settled themselves in their seats with thc usual bustling of dresses and inevitablt coughing. When this had subsided thi / minister was observed to walk quietly into the pulpit in his customary leisurely way. The mo it cu>i .us minded' arnon) his congregation were disappointed whei the text was announced. They didn' want a sermon ; something sensations would be very much .more to their taste. " Had Zimri peace who slew hi master Y' Moat of the congregation didn't seen to care a straw whether Zimri's conscienc troubled him or not. «. Had Zimtl peace who" slew hi master Î" Mr. Dormer asked and wen into the customary explanatory details a to what were the motives which prompte) so cruel a murder. But after a time th congregation felt that they were gettini nearer home. Zimri waa being gradual!; brought before them as a type. " Then are' many like Zimri," concluded th preacher, his voice slightly shaking, as h gazed down upon the upturned faces " We go forth into the world bearing th knowledge with ns, ever gnawing at ou hearts. That wo have slain our master ' have betrayed the trust reposed in UE In the midst of our intercourse with ou fellows, the still email voice refuseB to b stifled; it becomes louder-louder louder still, shrieking Into our ears uhti we Imagine that the whole world mue needs listed to it alio. Day and night night and day, it is ever with us. Tb laughter fades from our lip?. The Ber tence remains unfinished. The jeatdie away incomplete. Suddenly between c and our occupation comes this grim quei ¿lon, and we know that Zimri had n peace ; that he was eyer haunted by tb ghost of his sin reproaching and goadin him into frenzy until it became blacker blacker-blacker, as if all hell puped wie to receive the guilty one. The Zimri wt has slain his master has slain himse also. He ia but a wraith and a viaib shadow so absorbed in brooding over h crime that^the world at last Bees som : thing ls wrong. " Thou art the man," . cries ; " thou art the man." \- Mr. Dormer paused to wipe the pe spiration from his forehead. He w \ becoming almost dramatic. ? " Often in his despair," continued M Dormer, " the guilty wretch beopm guiltier still. He has stained his ham in the blood of his matter, and ends 1 staining them in his own. From the fit downward step the whole process is fatally easy that unless a' man be alwa on his guard against temptation he h taken the initiative unawares. Aye, b you will say, is there no alternativa thiB dark and terrible picture 1 Is the no way out of this dread morass cloai; over tho head of the betrayer as he sin to eternal night ? Ii it possible in t wh?le Boheme of the universe, framed a beneficent creator for the happiness his people, that there Bhould be no w of redemption Î Is a man to be doom to eternal misery for this one false st which he has taken 1 No. No - ' thousand times no. God did not ores us in order that wo should be perpetua unhappy. He is a God of infin mercy and tenderness, rejoicing in o joys and compassionating our sorrov But He is a juat God and a jaalous god a God who will exact atonement i us for the sins which we have committc Atonement must be made from a penite and contrite heart, and God ÍB good a . merciful to us. He receives us back ia His arms, and the Bhadow passes aw from us. The Zimri who has slain 1 master and has made atonement rendered.clean again like the man whe flesh came once more as the flesh of child. However awful, however gr« the sacrifice, the atonement must he ma or there is no peace, no patience, , pardon." . ' * The preacher's strident voice beoai actually filled with real feeling, as leaned slightly forward over the pulpit. "Many of the Zimris a nong us," continued, "are unsuspected by t world, but we cannot escape ourselvi Many among us who should set example and lead others to Heaven,'i themselves far, far away from the c of peace. But they and the world kn< that there is something wroi I will instance one particular ca A student of the gospel who t made broad his phylactery came foi from a large city' and won the heart o man of God who welcomed him to pulpit and dwelling-place. The old a was feeble and infirm. The years, a the sorrow of years, had told upon : strength. He was no longer able minister faithfully to his flock. And t young man, when he saw this, thoug what a splendid opportunity it would for him to step into his benefactor's pla no matter the cost. So he went ab< slaying his master, like Zimri, until; t deadly poison of his Bubtle hints a insinuations did their work and t congregation whom this good old man fa so long and faithfully served clamored i his dismissal. Tho old man died, t still the student went upon his w untouched by remorao until he f himself to be shunned by all. And t still amall voice of conscience grew lone and louder, over thundering in his ei like the roar of a whirlpool, until tl man resolved to stand up in the pul wbioh he had usurped and disgraced, e to make atonement for the wrong he t committed. Rrethren, I desire yi prayers on behalf of the guilty wre who now mnkes this atonement bef passing away from your midit for e\ It may bo in the years to come I shall purged of my, sin. Until then I dei your prayers, for, Zimri- like, I have si my master and I know not peace." There was a huah throughout tho w church. Had a thunderbolt from blue lallen, into their midst it oould have startled them more. Had not rn of bis hearer* aided and abetted in 1 slaying of their shepherd ? Were t not equally guilty ? Many a head ' bowed in shame and many a prayer w up on high for pardon and peace. . .. Mr. Dormer pronounced the bene tion in his usial manner. Then he ct jit wi j down from the pulpily pu through the open door and waa no more seen. 1 v 1 Percy joined Muriel at the church door. She had put out her . hand to stay the guilty man as he passed from their midst. He looked gratefully towards her, but moved through the doorway and dis- appeared up the path leading to the manse. People did not linger in accordance with their usual oustom. They unhitched their horses, got into their primitive buggies, and drove hurriedly away. Crops and the weather failed to occupy their thoughts. Most of them had been Zimri'a . henchmen ; were they not equally guilty ? After dinner Manda retired to her room with a headache. Percy moved discon- solately about; fidgeted with h¡8 hat and gloves; went upstairs to read, but the strident voice of the minister preaching at the Mechanics' Institute floated through the open window with irritating per- sistency. It was so very denunciatory, so full of pains and penalties, se many exhortations to repentance became mixed with his book that he could not read. Unconsciously he took up his hat and gloves, fidgeted with his tie. arranged his .hair, then rumpled it again with an exoited gesture. His standup collar irritated him ; he put on a turndowned one, whioh was equally uncomfortable Presently he found himself in the g «den picking a choice rosebud. When he had carefully put it in his buttonhole it didn't match his tie, so out it came again. Altogether there waa an extraordinary amount of vacillation and nervous excite- ment about one who was daily learning lessons of self-possession. About 5 o'clocx he left the garden, where he had remained for nearly an hour gazing at one particular Bhrub without in the least noticing^ what it was, and starting off in the direction of Muriel's cottage. For some Inexplicable reason, he could not regulate his pace. AB one moment- be would walk sturdily forward at'a rapid gait for a few yards and gradually slow down to a snail-like crawl. When he reached Muriel's gate he stopped irresolutely outside it, taking a long look'at the vine-covered verandah. It was beginning to get chilly. He shivered in spite of his summer bravery. While apparently deeply immersed in speculation as to whether a belated potato-bug would ever reach the top of the gatepost, he heard Muriel's voice calling to him to enter. " May I, really," hs asked. " I was just about to go away again." "That is rather unlike your usual directness of purpose," said Muriel. " The children have gone to the Wilkin- son's. Come in and have tea with me. I am all by myself. Where ls Manda ? " " Lying down with a bad headache," : answered Percy. " ïou are Bure I shan't be a nuisance ! " 44 Quite." He followed her into the cottage and cast a scrutinizing look round. A pleasant fire burnt in the stove. The kettle was getting steam very fussily as if it rather enjoyed it. On a dainty little table spread with the whitest of cloths were'a few slices of thin bread and butter 'and a plum cake. Muriel followed his glance at the bread and butter. " I am afraid it will not suffice for your masculine appetite," she said. "Manda ought to be here to ohaperon you. Til go over presently and see if she ia better." She flitted about looking after the kettle'and fetching supplies of provisions from all sorts of unexpected nooks. " It's very good of you," ungratefully declared Percy, "but you surely don't mean me to-eat nil these things ? " "Why not?" she asked, "lt is so long since you had a meal under my root that I don't want you to go away unsatis- fied." "You don't want me to go away unsatisfied 1 " " Of course not," she declared, sitting down with a sigh of satisfaction. " Now we can talk. Were you taken by sur- prise this morning ? " "I was in ono way. I wronged thc man ; I despised bim, and did not thins he would ever have the moral courage tc own up." "I think it was because, when a mac lihe that breakd down he does so com- pletely. I fancy people had said manj unpleasant things to him lately, and when he really had a pulpit' of his own he found it impossible to go on preaching with the creight of his own sin pressing him down. He. couldn't do it. Ever] time he was called to a dying person bis conscience must have reproached him more than ever." The kettle began to sing. She got u{ to fill the teapot, but he hastened to heir her, and their hands met. Somehow thc kettle nearly fell. He put it on again, and remained holding her hand. Sh« did'nt appear to notice it until the kettle again insisted on being attended to. They went up to the table hand in hand, and how the hot water got into the tea pot ever, remained a mystery. Percj reluctantly put the kettle away, and sal down ab the opposite side of the tea . table. "Won't you have some bread and butter?" she asked. " Thank you," he said, absently taking a piece of cake. " It's awfully good buttei here-what there is of it." " It must be if lb turns to cake upon the lips,", she laughed. "Why so it it is! I thought it wat breadiand butter." " Have you been dreaming ? Are yoi quite sure that you are awake ?" "I don't quite know," be said, in- elegantly dropping the cake into his plate. "I think I have been dreaming for a long time past. When I am writing things I wander quite away from them in some mysterious manner. I go to sketch- ing one particular face on a piece ol paper. It ifa always the simo face. . Do you know, that's the curious part of it. The great shining eyes look at me from the paper with Buch exquisite tenderness that I want to kiss the lovely lipt beneath them. I never knew I could draw until this particular face haunted me. It insisted on being drawn. It speaks to me night and day. It was the first face I saw in dte. Marie ; its lips were the first to bid me welcome. 1 must have loved them from the time 1 met you on the river shore. Muriel, my dearest, my darling, the eyes are yours, the voice is yours, and I love you." He came reund from the other side oi the table and knelt beside her. For the space of a minute there was absolute silence as he looked up at her face. The lovely color mounted to her cheeks, hei eyes filled with happy tears and she hid her face upon his shoulder in sweet self surrender. They were too deliriously happy to note the passage of time. Suddenly Muriel started up. " You poor boy "she Baid, to hide her confusion. "You haven't had any tea." " What do I want with tea ?" exclaimed Percy. " lb is inhuman to bring me back to the world like this. Another snell moment will never happen again. See, we have nearly let the fire out ? ' He quite forgot to relinquish her hand BB they approached the woodbox. He lifted a log with the disengaged hand. "Dearest," he Baid, "Is it really true' Shall we wake up presently only to find we have been dreamiog ?" "Isn't love always a dream?" she answered softly. "A dream which wili strew the rough pathway of the world with flowers and bring us into a heaver of perfeot peace." He dropped the log into the box. " Ii is so-BO very different from what I ex- pected," he said. " The tragedy is all wrong. We must dig it up in order tc Eee the difference." " You expected and angel and found £ woman," she said. " I don't think I could live up to ai angel," he declared, with comic earnest- ness. " I should be so afraid of ruffling her feathers. A perfect women is quit* sufficient." ' " If you begin with such gress flatter] Îou wiU spoil me. You will soon.disôovei am yery. h»raan ind pint for the wossai In your tragedy. Didn't you think mei preaamptuouB for burying it ? " "Certainly not. It has only proved how right you were. How can a man who has never loved write about love How can he possibly convince all the people in the world who read him that he knows what he is writing abouti He can't do it. He ÍB sure to be discovered. They know better because they have felt what he pretends to feel. People would have scoffed at my heroine if they had seen her. We must dig her op and scrape off the mildew." " Manda is the only one who knows her resting place," said Muriel. " I took her down one day and revealed the secret." " Why did you do that ?" " Don't be too exacting already," she jested. "I-I wanted to talk abcut you V " And what did Manda think 1" " She thought you would be grateful to me. She said if you were not, she would endeavor to maka you." I owe her a great deal," he said thoughtfully. " Has it never occurred to you that whilst I have been dreaming of fame Manda it on the high road to it ? Some day the world will recognise her as a great woman. Meantime, she, with the modesty of all great women, pretends not to have found it out for herself." " I'm afraid I can't write,1' Baid Muriel, " but perhaps it ls necessary to have some one who can look after the puddings. I could put ' soul ' into them, at any rate." "Itis so delightful to hear you talk about puddings. Ic brings the fact home to me so very closely, but first I must earn the materials." That will all come in due time Don't trouble yourself too much about making money at first. Money is a blessing sometimes, but very often it is the great curse which destroys A quest of money commenced for the sake of love often ends in the pursuit of money and for money's sake." By this time they 'had reached Mr. Eggleston'8. Manda opened the door. ".Come in," she said. Manda leant, against the doorway for a moment. "My headache hasn't quite gone," she said. " She put down the lamp, came back to Muriel, and drew the girl into her arms. " I see how it is with you," she cried affectionately. "Percy, you had better leave us for a little while," and Peroy went out, wondering why Manda said nothing more. Muriel understood. She raised hex head from Manda's breast and kissed her firm lips. " I am n^t worthy of your love and friendship." she said, " but I will try to be fer Percy's sake. Muriel joined Percy at the gate. Manda heard their happy voices as thej walked down the road. The room wac very dark. (To be continued ) 