'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION!' Now, whidh is the worse — to have no appetite for your dinner, or havo no dinner fer v««r appetite ? There are lots of people on tho ono side or the other of thia question. When 'good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards hia meala. But moat of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much fond Without Kn n.nnnfclt.A. nt* n. vitrnrrtna nnnn. tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer thia question differently, yot tho common sense of it is that, within reason able limits, it ia better to havo au appetite without a dinner, because, ehort of tho starva tion line, a hungry man ia a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't fool liko eating, stands in nood of ' alterations and repairs. '' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in whioh tho writer nays, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he fancy hia food waa poisoned, or did his naturo rebel against the nourishment lived on ! If tho latter, why ? Let him dear tho mystory himself. He says, 'In the year 1839 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had boon signalman twolvo months, and thon all at once, bo to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary artioles of diet Beomed to lose their flavor ; tha palate, to put it in that way, appeared to hare nothing to aay to thorn. One thing waa like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark lino down tho middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive aud my appotito poor, with pains through tho ohest and shoulders, which wero always right boforo I had eaten any thing. Thon I was greatly troubled with wind. It would cather so it folt liko a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' Wo cannot wonder that undor these oir onmstauceB our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he oalla ' a prioking sensation ' at bis heart, as though it were touched with sonio sharp instrument. Thon, again, at times he was attacked with spasma, the agony of which was so Bovero that tho sweat rolled off him. ' I droauod,1' he says, 'tho thought of eating, and many a ecanty vual have I made, for I icas afraid to eat. 'After a timo 1 -fot into a low, weak, ner vona condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good doal of sloop.' What he means by the fear of ' something going to happen ' is, of oonrse, tho foar of Borne calamity, such aa the loss of his poBi tion, hia own death, or tho death of somebody dear to him. ThiB waa due, as ho intimatoe, to the impoverished otato of hia blood (tho lifo bearer), hiB unstrung nervoa, and to tho brain enfeebled by laok of nouriahment The night of this form of illness iB always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures o{ a restless and ungovornod imagination. ' With great difficulty,' ho says, 'iBtnok to my work, for I had a wife and family do pendine on mo. So I struggled on, but what I Buffered for two yoara ia past my powers of description. I am sure no one hat suffered so much us I have done.' In tho latter statement ho is undoubtsdly wrong. Ono 8 own pain ia one's own, and is always hardor to bear than is one's notion of his neighbor's pain. Thoro ia a oountless multitudo who are all the while going through tho same wratchod experience, only we don't happen to come in touoh with them. Well, the writer finally moutiona that after all medical treatment had left him whera it found him ho chanced to read in a book of a oasa taiactlij Hie his own having boen cured by Mother Soigol'e Syrup. ' My wifo,' ho saya 'got mo a bottlo at Mr. Lanpstafl's, in Woodlosford, and aftor using its ooutents tbo ailment left me and has novor returned sinao that fortunate day. I should liko tho wholo world to know what it did for me. I havo boen omployed by tha Midland Eailway Com pany for eloven yoara. (Sienod) ' Qjeobob Hunt, ' Car Bottom-roid, ' Apporloy Bridge, near Leeds.' Wo pnbliah thia by Mr. Hunt's desire, In order that that part of tho world at leait may know how thankful he is and for what roanon. Tho Lillio Bridge Clnb will have the usual Wednesday night'B pony-raoing this even ing. Tho first event is timed for 8.15, and ' ?psoiii] trami will b* available 