THE FRENCH ROYALISTS AND THE POPE. The action taken by the Royalist members of the Chamber of Deputies has surprised no one in political circles here. They have taken—most reluctantly with" out a doubt—the bold course of protesting against the right of the Pope to bring his spiritual influence to bear in favor of a particular established Government. The attitude of the Royalists appears to be an unfortunate one that will injure their own cause. By cutting themselves off completely from the general body of sincere Catholics who do not care very much what form of government France settles down to, so long as the clergy are allowed to exercise all the rights of the citizens, and are not treated as petty functionaries, they Bhow their own numerical weakness, and condemn them selves to probable extinction in a political sense at the next general election. Their declaration, although it has given the Radicals an opportunity of saying that the Catholics, faithful to the doctrine of the throne and altar, " have excommuni cated the Pope," is not really disrespect ful to the Holy Father. These Royalists declare that, "as Catholics, they bow with respect to the authority of the Holy Father in matters of faith," but, as citizens, they "claim the right of all peoples to state their opinion in perfect liberty upon questions affecting the future and the greatness of their country." The declaration proceeds :—" The form of government is par excellence one of these questions. It is in France and by Frenchmen that it must be determined. Such is the national tradition. The Holy See has recognised all the Governments that have succeeded one another since the beginning of the century. This was a political necessity that was imposed upon it; but in dealing with these Govern ments it has never demanded of the partisans of preceding rSgimes that they should forget their fidelity and renounce their hopes. The Republic is to-day the Government by the fact that it exists. Recognised by the Holy See for the same reason that its predecessors were re5og nised, it cannot obtain a privilege that. was accorded to no other, viz., that of obligatory acceptance." As Oatholics, they have a right to assume their present attitude, but, as politicians, they are making a. mistake. It is very generally believed that the irritation caused by the Comte de Mun's " change of front,'' as the Monarchists term it, had not a little to do with the Royalist manifesto. The Pope will be an exhibitor at the World's Fair. He will send some of the priceless treasures of the Vatican. Arch bishop Ireland has been made the medium for transmitting to America by cable, to Mr. W. J. Gnahan, the announcement of the. Holy Father's intention as well as of lus desire that space should be secured in the Fair buildings. Bigotry Silencer.—The Mayor and Corporation of Southampton as children say—Bure " to catch it for having made a state visit to a Catholic church in their town. An aggravation of the rankness of their offence is the sad fact that not one amongst them is or was a Catholic. Good tolerant folk are ibU of hope that this brave example will be followed by others, and that similar visits to the churches and chapels of all other denominations in Southampton will follow. Bigoted misrepresentation would thus be silenced, and religiouB toleration and equality placed on their proper basis. But what about the " no less gratifying sign of the times "—the undertaking of Alderman Stuart Knill, a staunch Catholic to attend St. Paul's Cathedral in state during the term of his mayoralty 1 Will that satisfy all of us ? And yet we are very sure that Alderman Knill has had all the necessary light and guiding in the matter, and has been assured by the best authorities that such exchanges of Chris tian courtesy must tend to shame the brawlers who object.—Catholic Neu.is. The Sects in Italy.—We read in the Corrispondenza Universale the following notice " The various Protestant sects in Italy who receive from the English missions the means of propagation, having sent to the committee of the same, relations contrary to th« truth in regard to the Jevelopment of Protestant ism in Italy, it was deliberated to hold a special enquiry into the true state of affairs. As a reBult it was discovered that the 40,000 Protestants so-called were reduced to less than 14,000 within ten years, so that the committee, deploring this decadence as due to the conduct of certain evangelical ministers, has reduced the sums which it was customary to allow for the maintenance of the same, one half." The result of this decision will be the compulsory closing of many of the evaugelical tabernacles, especially in Rome and northern Italy, and the dis-occupation of arevelantnumberof evangelical pastors, so that the Protestant community, which, amongst the people at least, consists of ne'er-do-wells, who for the Bake of the few " soldi" received from the ministers, will decrease still more. How it is Non-Catholics go to Heaven. — Cardinal Manning, in the Review of the Churches, explained for the satisfaction of the re-unionists of Christen dom how it is the Catholic Church admits non-Catholics can be saved. It is owing to " the Catholic doctrine of the uni versality of grace. 1 hey presuppose the doctrine of the visible Church, which has not only a visible body, but also an invisible soul. The soul of the Church is as old as Abel, and as wide as the race of mankind. It embraces every soul of man who has lived, or at least who has died, in the union with God by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost. Nearly thirty years ago I published all this in answer to my friend, the late Dr. Pusey, in a letter on ' The Working of the Spirit in the Church of England.' This letter has been lately reprinted by Messrs. Burns <fc Oates. Thus far, then, 1 can say, lay a basis on which to write and to hope with all your contributors. We believe that the Holy Ghost breathes throughout the world, and gathers into union with God and to eternal life all those who faithfully co-operate with His light and grace. None are responsible for dying inculpably outside the visible body of the Church. They only are culpable who knowingly and wilfully reject its divine voice when sufficiently known to them. But I must go on, for you are seeking union in agreements, and I have no will to strike a discordant note. You say truly, ' The controversies to which most of our churches owe their rise have lost much of their interest for us ; some of them are hardly intelligible.' I have two great advantages. I can hope and embrace you in the soul of the Church, and I can rejoice in all, and gladly share in many of your good works." Clerical Dictation.—It is rather amusing to find the Tory Unionists basing their opposition to Home Rule on the alleged danger of clerical dictation, and at the same time attempting to overawe the Liberal party through the dictation of the Orange and semi-Orange parsons. The Protestant Primate, dis playing a nice sense of religious propriety, opens the Belfast Convention with a prayer for the perpetuation of misrule. To the mind of the anti-Catholic coercionist this is worthy of all praise. A number of ProteBtant ministers Bign a manifesto in favor of the ascendancy policy; the Tory Unionist sees not a trace of clerical dictation in the docu ment. The Protestant Archbishop of Dublin uses Mb pulpit to preach against the political claims of the majority of his fellow countrymen; to the ears of the Tory Unionist his preaching is the true gOBpeL But let the Catholic Archbishops of Dublin or Cashel utter a Home Rule sentiment from the platform, or write it in the press, then all the pious Tory Unionists from the Premier downwards are shocked and scandalised at this misuse of ecclesiastical power, and warn the nation against "selling the Irish Protestants into slavery," delivering them up to the tender mercies of Drs. Walsh and Oroke, etc., etc. Truly, the weightB and scales of Tory Unionists are peculiar. Confiscation in France.—A. most infamous taxation law has recently been devised against religious communities in France. This is called the loid'accroissement, law of increase, under pretext that religious associations evade paying their fair share of taxation. This law decrees that in future allcommunities, whether authorised or not, must pay yearly a tax calculated at thirty centimes in the hundred francB upon the marketable value of their property, this value to be decided by an official valuer. To give an idea of the injustice and hardship of this law, an example by the Univers will be sufficient. The Little Sisters of the Poor have large establishments where they give shelter to hundreds of infirm aged poor. Called upon by the fine to declare the value of their property, they answer quite honestly that it has no value to them, because they do not touch one centime income therefrom. But the law does not admit that plea, and says :—In the hands of a business man your possessions would have a marketable value of four or five millions, therefore you must pay yearly a tax of from nine to twelve thousand francs, and the expenses of the valuation ! Was there ever more infamous legislation 1 It is a cowardly and detestable robbery and con fiscation of the property of religious com munities. Power of the Press.—The Press is the most powerful engine for good or for evil. This is fully and energetically acknowledged by our Holy Father the Pope and by all thinking men. The secular press in general, in this country, is not wilfully inimical to the Church, but, as a matter of course, it deals with religion only incidentally, and, therefore, Catholic papers, edited in a true Catholic Bpirit, are simply a necessity of the day to correct misstatements, to contradict falsehoods, to acquaint the people with Catholic news of the whole world, to develop and sustain the burning Catholic questions of the day, and to enlighten the faithful regarding the Church, its organisations and doctrines. The Catholic paper ought to be a welcome visitor to every Catholic fireside, and when carefully read by the members of the family it is bound to do a vast amount of good. The English tongue is beginning to be the language of at least all the young, and it should be the duty of every Catholic to make himself acquainted with all the questions, not merely regarding the welfare of the country, but also in the interest of religion.—Archbishop Jansens, The Drunkard's Family.—Demme studied ten families of drinkers, and ten families of sober persons. The direct posterity of the ten families of drinkers included fifty-seven children. Of these, twenty-five died in the first weeks or months of their life, six were idiots, in live children a striking backwardness of their longitudinal growth was observed, five were affected with epilepsy, five with inborn diseases, one boy was taken with corea, and became idiotic. Thus, of the fifty-seven children of drinkers, only ten, or 17 5 per cent., showed a normal con stitution and development. The ten sober families had sixty-one children, five only dying in the first weeks, four were affected with incurable disease of the nervous system, two only presented inborn defects. The remaining fifty, 81*9 per cent., were normal in their constitution and development. From this series of investigations we derive the sad truth that among the children of drinkers the prevailing mortality is fearful, that the survivors represent a pitiful crowd afflicted with unsoundness of mind, idiocy, epilepsy, and other disturbances of their nervous system, and that only a very small proportion of the descendants grow up as useful members of society. Convent Girls.—" You can always tell convent girlB," remarked a prominent society man the other day, " no matter where you meet them. There is something difficult to describe, that always marks thein as unlike the ordinary run of girls one meets in society." "Something goody-goody, I suppose," replied his companion, in a tone of disparagement. " Not at all, there is nothing less goody goody than she; Bhe can enjoy all the fun and amusement going, and is the gayest of the gay, but, for all that, there is something by which you can always mark her out, and say, ' that is a convent girl."' The speakers were both non Catholics, well-known in the beBt society; and their words gave involuntary testi mony of a high order to those same convent girls. What was such a puzzle to them, however, is no secret to Catholics, as the mysterious quality they found so difficult to describe is nothing more than the atmosphere of purity and refinement in which those young girls have been trained during the long period of their residence in the convent, night and day, for years and years, carefully guarded 'from every influence of evil, in the constant presence and com panionship of the nobleBt and purest of women, who are bound by solemn vows to be faithful to their trust, ladies of superior education and refine ment, many of them from the moBt exalted walks of life, who have been called by God to renounce the tieB and pleasures of the world—its wealth and position—in order to give themselves entirely to this nobleBt of ail heroic labors of Chrst, the education of the young. 