NOTES EROM SYDNEY [By Demos.] Depression is almost the ; universal order of the day, and thrifty workers are just per ceiving that their thrift has only delayed the advent1 of misery, and, in many cases, their . thrift has only enriched the aristocratic thief. Misery is falling on all, both the canny and uncanny. All ; are workless, landless, cashless. - Last ' week's Trades; and Labor Council's proceedings were uneventful. Nothing cropped up except the (Carrying of two or three motions by various trades affirm ing the need of a strike fund. Reckon the Bush Unions will have to start the Federation scheme. The city unions, in many instances, do not see four weeks ahead. They are busy ^plastering and patching when a new wall is necessary. ' : - The unemployed are still enrolling, and a meeting* held in Granville on Monday night, the 9th instant, will, in all pro bability, result in the formation of. a strong branch of the General Laborers' Union : there. About twenty enrolled. ^ How's this for a paradox? Burgess and yours platonically met a rum one the other day near the Labor Bureau in the shape of a youthful cadet, with a gun upon his shoulder and a bayonet by his side, and an open copy of 1 1 Caesar's Column' ' in his right hand, devouring its contents on his way to , drill. Ghost of murdered Wat Tyler ! Capitalists and Monopolists had better look out when their tools, young or old, take to reading ' Caesar's Column.' Pleasure and business took me to Potts Point last week, and on my return journey I had the misfortune to be seated next Flood, of Medgeon, near Narandera, and a personal friend or distant relation of the Bourke sweaters, Tobin Brothers. They were discussing the unemployed. ? Flood was very fair, and talked straight, and told Tobins' rep. that he knew that the Tobins had sent to Sydney for men . just to reduce wages ; that any man who took less than 25s a week at Bourke was a fool ; he also said that if he advertised at Narandera for men he would have a hundred and fifty applicants in four and twenty hours ; also, that it was almost impossible for a worker to be thrifty, as he did not get enough to be thrifty on, that the Banks held the country, and where that was the case a country was bound to go to h — 1, employers as well as workers. This is straight wire. ? ? ? 