j , j CHRiST CiHUROH; , . lhe Ivev £. A. Crawford preached on Sunday mprning upon St. Luke, 1st ehapter,;28ih verse T-ilHaU, thou, that art. highly favoured, the Lord is with thee." . AYe repeat in church the lame words< of 'prayer- and praise constantly. It has neon thoughb' that to Use the same words enn- stailfclyis hot good. The other system by whioh the ohpice of words is left to a leader or minister has had full, trial, and yet there are persons of judgment and piety who prefer the forms handed ..centuries of Christian worship. They were adopted by our spiritual forefathers as the best, and ao thcy embody the best and noblest thoughts and facts. Every day we meet for worship wo say that the Son of God was con ceived by tho Holy Ghost, and born of the Vir- gin Mary. And we pray to Him " by the niys- '"J mF y f Incarnation Good Lord deliver us. The church has days set apart for tho commemoration of great facts and great events. March 2oth is set apart to commemorate the great Incarnation— the great event of the Angel Gabriel s visit to Mary. Man was the crowning produot of creation. All else is for him. He is above creation, though of it, for he is in tho imago of God— ho can think of God, hold com munion with God, and imitate God. But man was not long in. tho world till ho foil ;" the denial tempted him and he fell, and hia fall involved thb whole raco. But God said at once that the seed of the woman should bruise the serpent's » ,i ' V. Christ have come had man not fallen 1 Somo say yes, and that the transfigura tion. showsi how man would have departed this earth had there been no sin and no death in its train. Christ is tho commencement of the now creation. Ho is perfectly human, and yet He has no sin, original or actual. In order that Ho may bo human He must bo born of woman. And in ordor that Ho may bo not merely an in- l /epresontativo, tho universal Tf riibri a- be not mere,y a BOn of a rnn, bufc the Son of Man, Hh xtiiiit b6 born of a Virgii, The Binleee humanity aisurqed by tQ.BfNti,' I iU.t J n8 ® m is- creation. By By the new birtnOf Water aHU liig Spirit we are born anew into Dhrist's mystical body, we become " naturalised " subjects of the kingdom of Heaven. A man can be born again when he is oLVj.when.he.ffi Th-en Kteubmes libited with the Secorid Man who is thh Lord from heaven, just as by his natural birth he is partaker of the first man's entail of sin. We must bhWa're df entirely Forgdttlrig' tbfe motHbr df Jesus lest in our zeal for kcripture we become unscriptural. But we must never forget the words of Jesus, '/Yea; rather;: blessed are they who hear the word ,of God arid keep it;", ' / , 