" u,.: : .'- ". -i J STORY TELLER. THE EIGHT SDBT." « t. EOMANCS OF THE SHIRE3. BY Kss. EDWABD KENNARD. ; £hapteu kill.— discussing the limes' Sx&gpuech; ask. in the meantime dinner was announced, giving hex au-opportunity of collecting her wite, for Colonel Choker offered his arm to the costess, Mr. M'Grath came forward to claim Rate, while Mary Whitbread fell to the portion of the rasciaauog Laptaiu r uiier, who, how- ew, having lost a considerable Bum at his club ia town on Saturday night — or rather Sunday morning — happened to be in a less sprightly and more taciturn mood than usual. After a Kttis preliminary bustle, they seated themselves at table, when Kate found the enemy had taken up a strong position on the right, while Mr, M'Or&th; supported the left division. f Yoa're looking a little pale this evening, Mrs. Forrester," said he. 44 Nothing the matter, 1 hops ? Y ou're not feeling seedy ?" i 4< A Uvs-r attack," she replied with a cus- i IjH&ary; bluatness. "Not very serious, only requires plenty of fresh air and exercise. One tete fat and buy in the summer. By- the- bye, (diss Bre taer, that was a nice useful -looking aag yeu wre riding to-day. Not so showy, perhaps, fts the chestnut, but with capital good joints, and iook3 like a wear-and-tear sort of easterner." 44 You've d?" cubed him to a nioety," said Kate ia reply. "The Duckling is a stout, honest Little baast, never sick or sorry, but until be gets excited inclined to take life almost too easily. Ke lacks the chestnut's dash." 41 Kara you ever ridden him with a spur?'" No, I can't Bay that I have. To tell the Mute, « Gel somewhat afraid of applying it jfidiscr iuii nately . ' ' Oh no you wouldn't. Yon take my advice, and ride him with one, if only for a time or two. The least touch is often sufficient to rouse a fclaggieh horse. They are apt to get canning when ridden by ladies, and an occasional reminder does thfm all the good in the world. I know many people object to a one-sided spur, and say it's worse than useless, but my ex perience ts exactly the reverse. I consider it a most valuable auxiliary, especially with a AA«4 %in ASA? o 'J gw-wiu vi qiiiiitat. ( ' F si ; h ! and a better authority does not exist a the whole of Great Britain," interposed Mr. M Gratb, looking round the table with au express?- n of conviction which seemed to say, There ' I defy anyone to contradict that Itatomeat 41 Now, Terry, keep your national blarney for laose who appreciate it," returned the old lady ririciously, " and don't waste your soft sawder upon me. I'm too ancient for that sort of thing, aud past the market." 41 Begvl but it's rale unkind that ye are, Mrs. Forrader, mavourneen," exclaimed Mr. M'Gn' h, a .iop ting the very strongest brogue. 4; And a " lever faymale like yerself can always Cbaima 1 a market. ' ' "TGi-.iu you, my good friend; you are exceed ; y 'tattering, and were I a young girl my Gal vroutd be quite turned with such a Oomph uieutary speech." " iSrt-.tr.i, Mrs. Forrester, and it ye were but a | we? bit spalpeen, it would be for trying to | nersue do >-o to become Mrs. Terence M'Grath I that f should aspire." | 44 I'lii-n it's lucky for you that I am not, and I you are deterred from committing so crowning I to act of folly," retorted the old lady amidst & I veae'tl coar of laughter. 44 Your heart's too 1 big for your body, Terry, and as for your 1 common -seose, it is nowhere, so let us change | the subject. Jack," turning to Colonel Clinker, I 44 I'v3 got something to tell you, something I I was particularly requested by a fair admirer to I tonsul t pu about. Aie yon all attention .?" I Am £ not always so when addressed by I Mrs. Forrester"' returned he gallantly. 1 " Who u the lady, and why does she seek I fe ivtco from ao incompetent a person r" I A grea : friend of yours, Lady Anne Birkett, I jvai aha ia raad about getting up a ladies I steeplechase. You remember there was some I talk of doing so last winter, only the project I fell to tfaa ground for want of proper backing. I But this year it appears the old Earl has taken I up the affair ah a-nore, and has signified his I intention of allowing the race to be run over I his IttQ'l, provided some competent person — I yourself tor instance — will undertake to choose I a suitable course, and see that the fences axe not 1 too large and dangerous. It won't do, he says, i for the" ladies to come to grief, neither will he if allow the thing to be made public in any way, jf but if a few of us choose to get it up amongst H outseU e-;, and can ensure some four or five m starter0, be will present a handsome silver cup | to the winner. Now Lady Anne, when she H heaiu you were co ning here to-night, par- k fcioularlv oiked me to seek your opinion on this B mcmeatjus question, and engage, if possible, » your a.tiv> co-operation. In fact, she wants P hi arran?emvnt with Ward, Lock. K f-ul you to become the moving spirit, and take the whole thing ia hand from first to last." " Yerv kind of Lady Anne, I'm sure. But who anil what Is the field to consist of ? Have you any notion ?' ' Why, there's Lady Anne herself. She's as keen as mustard about it, not teat she will possess the ghost of a chanoe of winning, unless the Earl puts hie hand in his pocket and gives her a decent mount. Miss Palltaer,- too, is always game for anything in the tiding way. Her ambitious spirit would simply revel in the excitement of a race. 1 lay any money that she jumps at the idea." "I wish the old scarecrow would jump off the hooks. Nasty spiteful creature : I hate the , very sight of her out hunting ! Well, go on, who else?" 'Then there are Mrs. Paffet and Mrs. Phipps; perhaps one or two others ; and lastly, with a little persuasion — myBelf. " 44 Yourself ? Capital I That puts a different complexion on the matter altogether. Why, every man in Foxingtoa would turn out to see the celebrated Mrs. Forrester come galloping in between tee flags on a winning mount. We shall have another feather added to your cap yet." "Or another censorious dart placed in the hands of my enemies," said Mrs. Forrester, whose ey es faded to be completely blinde-i by the honour and glory of tern redoubtable prospect. " I shall be called an old fool for my , pains, and not without some show of reason, for what's the use of going gallivanting over a country at my time of life? However, Lady Anne left me no peace until I half promised her I would make one of the number." " And quite right too ; the race would saem hut a very halt-hearted affair without your support." "Oh, nonsense, Jack; things would go on exactly the same. Only I help to swell the rank of lunatics, and the more the merrier. Perhaps Mist Brewser may be induced to take part in the proceedings. What say you?" appealing to Kate. " Will yc-a throw in your lot with our daring band of horsewomen?" " There's nothing in the world I should like better," answered she, wita glistening eye?. She had already pictured to herself the glorious sensation of piloting King Olif p&t; the winning- post, and had listened breathlessiy to everything that had passed between Mrs. Forrester and Colonel Clinker. " Buty she added rather lamely, catching an expression of stern dis approval cn Mary Whitbread's face, opposite, « but—but — " ti ctf .11 v i n«t i i « /vt « neu, wnatf" interrupted uacs uiinxer. " Don't bs afraid to mention an/ scruples you may entertain. Perhaps," and Kate fancied she could detect the least possible fueer, "the project, appears too dangerous, and if so, my sympathies are on your side altogether." "Your sympathies are entirely misplaced," said she tartly, feeling deeply wounded by any implication on her courage. " I sm cotgui£?so timid as yon seem to imagine, and was not deterred by the possible danger ; only," gather ing confidence, "should not we. be apt to scandalise the good people of the neighbour hood, and make ourselves somewhat con spicuous?" " You are right, Miss Brewser, and display sound wisdom in being afraid of their comments. .No doubt you will gain a vary bad name." He wjis laughing at her, and she could not endure chaff from him, of all people in the world, when up to this moment he had more or lesi ignored her existence, and stadioudy ad dressed all his conversation to Mrs. Forrester. " I do wish you would not employ that word 4 afraid,' " she said irritably. "I detest it; and once for all let me tell joa I'm not afraid of anything, certainly not of a tew ill-natured remarks from people who are perteet strangers to me. So please banish the idea from your mind." " The beauty of it is," said Mrs. Forrester intervening, " people can't talk, for nobody is to know anything about the race outside oar own immediate circle, and snobbishism reigns so supreme that when folios hear the Earl of Huutingshire has been, tee chief patron strd supporter of it, scarcely a dissentieni mice will be raised. In order to smdrtiin as much privacy as possible, he proposes that even the place of meeting should be kept a profound secret, and only divulged some . four-aad- twenty hours before the race. However, my dear," turning blandly- to Wards. Kate, 44 we wish everybody to please themselves, and if you have the least hesitation about riding do not scruple to eay so." "Hear, hear I" chimed Hoitble. Jack ap provingly i "them's my sentiments, and if I were you, Miss Brewser, I sfcanld decline." " But yon are not me," she retorted in. an undertone, " and ali i decline is the advice so gratuitously offered. Perhaps you will allow me to judge for myself, and/1 footing round wite an air of defiance and speaking aloud, "my mind ts made up. I intend to compete, since Mrs. Forrester has been good enough to ask me to do so." " That's right, my dear exclaimed the lady approvingly. " I told Lady Anne I felt almost sure you would join our party: besides, it would be a shame not to give that beautiful chesnut an opportunity of showing us all his heels. He ought to have an uncommonly good chance of winning. Can he stay ?" "Yes, I think so," answered Kate more placidly. 14 Have yon heard what the distance is to be?" asked Colonel Clinker. " So much de pends upon teat, especially with untrained horses, generally as fat as so many bullocks. I should 6ay a two to a two and a-half miles course would be amply sufficient. A longer one will only give rise to a variety of mishaps. I lay ten to one La Palliser comes in as blown as a Liverpool chaser." " Well, all such details will probably be left to yon to decide," said Mrs. Forrester. 44 Lady Anne wants you to go over the first day you can in order to settle preliminaries. You know tee big grass-fields, within half a mile of tee Castle? There was some talk of m&kiog; : one of teem the starting-point. But you will settle all that, since everything is to be placed in your hands." 44 An exceedingly invidious honour, pretty sure to call down cn my devoted head no end i of abuse. I never knew tee man yet who undertook to mark out a steeplechase course 'fihatdid ijj& c--slS«tfdr almost u at versa! ctm- demuiftioiiG "'Hie riders c.6ri.der tee obstacles too large, the public think them too small , the one finds fault with the distance, the other compiaingof its brevity; and so they goon.- It's impossible to- satisfy everybody, pveu - under the meet favourable conditions: but when it emnsfc to pleasing half-a-dozen ladies, and providing both for their safety and amuse ment, I confess to shrinking from such a difficult and delicate undertaking. It already weighs upon my mind !lke an incubus.' Im agine the tremendous responsibility of selecting the fences, when I think at each particular one that some frail-limbed woman may -come to grief over it. I don't fancy the job in the least, and nothing but my friendship for Lady Anne would indues me to countenance it for one minute. However, since you ladies ap pear resolved, put me out of suspense at once by telling rne' when the celebrated female Foxington steeplechase is likely to come off ?" " jl won't have you speak of our purpose in that disparaging manner," said Mrs. Forrester reprovingly. 44 And I back the ladies to acquit themselves quite as creditably as if they were men. Now, Jack, don't be disagreeable, for if you begin by giving yourself airs and turning up your nose in disdain -the whole. thing will collapse, and Lady Aime be terribly dis appointed." 44 1 should.be sorry todisappolnther ladyship. She's a real good sort, and I certainly would go out of my way to render her any little Service that happened to be ip toy power. Has she fixed the time?" \ . ; 44 Oh dear no ! In fact the idea his oniy just , been broached. But I fancyshe wants the rate to come off pretty soon, probably about- tee beginning of December, but any way before Parliament. Their plans after Christmas are generally rather unsettled." 44 The horses will have to be trained, of course," remarked Colonel Clinker, speaking with professional authority. 44 That is a sine qua jiwk I suppose you are prepared to put the chestnubinto regular work, Miss Brewser r" 44 Really," said she, 44 1 have hardly thought of it yet. Won't that mean losing his services in tee hunting field altogether? And just at present I am too Bhort of horses to be able to dispense with my best one:" 4 -Short, are you?" interrupted Mrs. Forrester, who seldom allowed the chance of doing a little business to go by unmolested. 44 Are you on the look out for another ? Be cause if so, I wish to dispose of an animal that would suit you down to tee ground and carry you just like a bird. He's a bay, riring seven, and a first- rate fencer, as tee Colonel there will tell you. Asa rule I dislike selling to friends, but the Peer ib a bond Jide article, that I am only parting with owing to several younger horses coming on. He's a made hunter, and cheap at a hundred and twenty guineas, the nrice I'm askine for him." It flashed through Kate's mind that if the Peer were really so good as represented, it seemed hardly worth Mrs. Forrester's while to sell him at the very commencement of the season, but she was not aware that his original price was twenty-five guineas, and that for a profit of a hundred pounds the lady would have parted with every animal in her stable. 44 You are very kind," she answered diplo matically, thinking it well cot to appear too keen. 44 1 may probably have to purchase an extra home or two later on, but just now I am in no particular hurry for a few weeks." 44 May I be allowed to offer another piece of advice, in spite of the severe snubbing you took occasion to administer a short time ago," whispered Colonel Clinker a second or two later, when their hostess's attention was en- : gaged in another quarter 44 Certainly," raid Kate, feeling rather con scious of the rebuke, hut still somewhat sur prised at the request. 14 What is it ?" 44 Dont you let yourself be persuaded to buy any of Mrs. Forrester's horses, teat's aLL She's a dear old soul, and I'm awfully fond of her, but I should be sorry to see one of her so- called 4 made hunters palmed off upon you. Do you understand, or have I once more com mitted an offence?" " Vol at all. but nlease exnlain what is vmir meaning?" 44 Why, you see Mrs. Forrester is both able and clever. She rides awful brutes, and manages to get rid of teem to advantage some how. But they are not suited to other ladies, and therefore I should be sorry to see you buy one, Purchase a horse with Mrs. Forrester if you like— there is no better judge in England, when the cheque comes out of somebody else's book — but not of hex. The risk, nine times out of ten, is too great." 44 She must be a wonderful rider!" said Kate. 44 That's exactly what she is, but I should grieve to see a young lady of your tender years imposed upon, and I know the Peer would not suit you." 44 I'm not so young as all that. I was twenty- two last birthday," said Kate, impelled to make the statement b v a species of brusque honesty, characteristic or her disposition. 44 A mere child," said he looking at her and thinking how much too yonhg she was to face the world alone. He noticed also how bright and large her eyes were, and how perfect the pose of . tee small head. 44 You are not on err v with me for what I have said ?" he asked, feeling as if he should like to be good friends with her in the future. 4r I have not annoyed you this time, have I?" She hesitated for a second and then said — « No." 44 1 know how independent you are," he con tinued apologetically, 44 and half feared you might resent my interference." " People ought to be independent, and able to shift for themselves in this world." 44 1 entirely agree, so ter as our sex is con cerned, but in yours it becomes a question whether independence may not be carried to too great an extent — whether it is not apt to give women a certain brusqueness hard ness, scarcely in harmony with their character, at least from a manly point of view ? The sentence was uttered without any particular in tention, but curiously enough Kate chose to put a personal construction upon it, and tee spirit of opposition ones more grew rife within her. . 44 Oh !" she said flippantly, 44 1 suppose you are like most other mn, and care only for the pretty blue eyed, flaxen-haired, doll type, which look up to yon and worship yon like demi-gods. Brains don't signify ;.the fewer the better, for then dolly is less likely to see flaws in her idol, or to detect that what she takes for pure metal is nothing bat a base alloy. These dinging, litchen-Kke creatures appeal to a man's vanity if not to his nobler instincts, and in return they are rewarded by a luke warm, half-contemptuous affection. The j natural position of things is reversed, and cyesi s Vhomme qui se laisse aime , pas la femme ! It \- saves a great deal of trouble, and the limpets : j make excellent and obedient wives. They at j any rate are not to o independent. ' 44 Yon are sweeping in your condemnations, Miss Brewser. Luckily for me, however, I have escaped the wiles of these beautiful, hut inane playthings of whom you spealg Matri- j rnoay is au expensive luxury, rather super- ; fluous than otherwise in my estimation, especially nowadays when young 1&<1ia» expend a moderate fortune on their clothes, and the | dressmaker's bill would nearly cover the ex- j peases of & season's hunting. A man must j either be very bold, very rich, or very, very foofesh to undertake the modern girl of the " Girl of the period, indeed ! 'What an odious, expression! Just as it there were not hundreds mid hundreds of nice, quiet, sensible girls about, if only the men had sense enough to appreciate them ! Instead of which, because their frocks happen to be a little behind the fashion, or their boots country made, and their gloves a size or two too big, they call them frumps, guys, gawkies, dowdies, every name under the sun. Why should we all be judged by our outer garments to such a ridiculous extent as to veil our eyes to inward merit ? Answer me that question if you can." " But I can't. It's much too abstruse for my feeble comprehension." 44 Weil, then, do you believe in the law of demand and supply ? Are you by any chance a political economist ?" " A political economist indeed ! Why, my dear Miss Brewser, I am not even a domestic one, and find it Impossible to practise that virtue at home. A poor devil like myself, head over ears in debt, has quite enough, and more than enough, to do in minding hia own affairs, -without bothering about those of tee nation." 41 Ah ! you don't understand me. What I meant was simply this. You men as a body complain of the girls. You ray they are fast, frivolous, and extravagant. Well, I ask in their ; defence, who make the girls so if not the men T themselves? They create a demand for a certain style of' woman, and that demand is promptly supplied in order to gratify their tastes. If there was no demand, there would he no supply. It is merely a fundamental law of nature — that's all. In support of my theory, enter any ball-room almost that you like, and you will see rows upon rows of quiet, good girls Bitting parinerless by their ehaperones. while the loud, noisy, fast ones have nearly every man in the place dangling after them. True, the lords of creation may return to their homes, and after devoting themselves all the evening to Mrs. A. or Miss B., declare they thank heaven theirsister, wife, daughter, as the case may be, does not resemble the divinity, but with what result ? Why their belongings, who probably have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, and after a bit begin to make comparisons. That stage once reached, the end soon ap proaches. They find that if they paint their cheeks, dress showily, talk immodestly, and altogether are 4 had form,' they, too, become a centre of attraction, and need no longer sit in retired corners alone, 4 chewing the bitter cud' of desertion and isolation. Tuey become different beings, but you men alone are to blame for their degeneration, though in the words of that arch-sneak Adam, when the mischief is done you turn round and say, 4 It's not me, it's the woman. " She had forgotten where she was, and who she was speaking to, being carried away by the bitter earnestness of her subject. Unlike many girls of her age, she had seen a great deal of the world, and that under such peculiar circumstances as to render her unusually clear sighted. Her cheeks now were flushed, and ber whole face sparkling with animation, and Colonel Clinker, looking at her in astonish ment, could not restrain his admiration. He dearly loved a highly-mettled steed, and Kate in this glowing mood reminded him of some gallant and spirited young creature. He had never met any one like her before, so clever, so original, and yet so honest and simple. She impressed him by her strength of character as well as by her good looks. And he himself possessed a strain of candour which forced him, unaccustomed as he was to hearing the shortcomings of his class thus roundly taken to task by so young a girl, to acknowledge in great measure the trnth of what she said. It began dimly to dawn upon his mind teat it was just possible the world might contain better things even than horse-racing and horse- riding, and that a dear little womau at Ms own fireside might possibly exercise a more salutary influence over him than did tee life of restless excitement he was in the habit of leading—a life of wasted ability and unprofitable plea sures, whose only results consisted in embar rassing his father's old age, and squandering the patrimony he otherwise might have in herited. The child, this outspoken girl, with her honest voice, fearless eyes, and daring opinions, clad in her simple wMte gown, had appealed most strangely to his better nature, raising in him suddenly a vague unsatisfied longing after nobler things. Such sensations seemed too unreal to be encouraged — only a passing weakness— to be crashed in its infancy, such as the sight of a pretty woman, the glance of an eye, the turn of a head, will of ten give rise to. With a forced laugh and a sigh e roused himself from his meditations. 44 You are a hard Mtter," Miss Brewser, he answered, 44 and I scarcely know how to de fend my sex against so forcible an attack. You speak, however, as if your own ex perience had been unfortunate. At twenty- two one's views on mankind and one's knowledge of its deficiencies are not generally so matured." Kate coloured up to the very roots of her hair. 44 Yes," she said, after a pause, while her voice quivered slightly, 44 you are right. I have been unfortunate in my experience, but please do not let us talk about it." 44 Here, Terry !" cried Colonel Clinker to his friend, with ready tact, seeing the conver sation evidently began to distress her, 44 come to the rescue, ana help me to defend myself against this young May's shafts of sarcasm. We men as a body nave been catching it terribly hot all round. Can't yon say some thing neat on our behalf ? I never came out head of the class in argument, but you're a real tiptopper at it." 4a I should not dream of contradicting a lady, said Mr. M'ttraxn politely, in answer to this appeal. 44 Bless their dear hearts ! I love them all !" Which amorous sentiment, delivered at the top of his voice, with a hearty expansion of long, forthwith created so much amusement that the conversation once more became general, until Mrs. Forrester made a sign for the ladies to retire by nodding her head at the end of the table, and thereby causing her cap to lose its equilibrium and to roll sideways on to tee floor. 44 Now you yoang men," said she impres sively, as she dived under the mahogany in search of tee missing article, and suddenly came in contact with Mr. M4Grath, bent on a similar errand, 44 you're to make haste, and not sit drinking and smoking all the rest of the evening. We want yon to amuse «s, and not yourselves, for once in a way, and if everybody is agreeable we can play a round game of cards by-and-bye." The gentlemen, thus admonished, made the most solemn promises not even to allow the charms of tobacco, wine, and anecdote to detain them, wMch promises they, for a wonder, kept nobly, appearing in about a quarter of an hour. Meanwhile Mrs. Forrester had not been idle. With the assistance of the two girls she cleared the centre table of its books and covering, and placed four shaded candles in their stead, ready for a Btart. Ia thorough harmony with the sporting ride of her ehacaeter, the old lady dearly loved a quiet £< gamble," and so long as it did not go beyond a certain at afforded her the heartiest satisfaction to win small amounts from her friends, though that satisfac tion was a trifle less apparent when she herself ires called upon to disburse. 44 Can vou and Miss Whitbread play nnp or poker?" she inquired of the two girts/ " They are our great -games, teongh I rat tnjr face against anything higher than threepenny points. Still, these are exciting enough." 44 1 don't think Mary knows either game," said Kate, answering for bote, " As for myself, £ hare played a few times only, just sufficient to master the first very elementary rules, and to appreciate the value of a flush ox full hand. '' Ah, I see you are au fail, and any little mistake you commit some of the gentlemen will easily correct. Mr. dnhsm addressing hof: individual, who was shyly warming «» mall of his back before the fire and caressing an in visible flaxen moustache with great solicitude, 44 you'll bank with Miss Whitbread, won't you?" The Chirper thus appealed to started vio lently r turned crimson with, confusion, but expressed his extreme willingness to absent to the proposal. He had sat by Mazy Whithread's side during dinner, and had been fairly astonished at his own garrulitr. For once he . .had come across a girl who did not alarm or set her cap at him, but who listened with becoming attention to his every utterance, and who attended to the narrative of his personal affairs with an interest -as genuine as it was charming. The young people had no objection ' whatever to being paired off at cards, and began counting their counters with amicable gravity. Not so Kate, who when asked by Mrs. Forrester if she would condescend to play with Colonel Clinker, said in the most manner— „ y Thank you, Mrs. Forrester, I prefer ray independence and dislike all partnerships, pre- - ferring to stand or fall alone." 44 Miss Brewser is quite right," said he ironi cally, 44 alliances are always to be avoided, especially between people «o in cha- racter as ourselves. We should fight like cat and dog over some miserable rubbishy hand. We two are better apart." There was no getting over bun. Every remark she made he promptly capped, and hitherto she had kern decidedly worsted in each separate encounter. 44 Yes, far better apart," she said with a toc# of the head. 44 It is fortunate that for once v. e agree." 44 Most fortunate,'' he echoed, but inwardly he exclaimed, 4 4 deuce take the girl ! What tee devil does she mean with her partnership? Does she suppose I wani to force myself upon her, or is it nothing but her infernal conqeit ?" And Kate, on her side, thought. 44 1 never mei anyone so horribly sarcastic in ail my life. I don't like him one bit, and yet he can be nice enough when he chooses. However, since he evidently wishes for war— war let it be to tie knife." So the two antagonists eat and glowered at each other across the green baize cloth, and played on all sorts of foolish hands, just for the sake of opposition. Bat when the game came to an end, and they counted up their losses, the gain to neither party had been great. 44 1 think we'd better consent to bury the hatchet next time we play poker together, said Colonel Clinker. 4' We should have been clean broke had we gone oh at this rate, and had it not been for the limit." The girls had declared they must be going, and he made the above remark in an undertone when he followed them into the hall,' and helped Kate on with her cloak. His voice sounded soft in her ears. It had a peculiar timbre which touched her ia spite of herself, and he looked so thoroughly manly and gentlemanly as he stood there, pretending tc fumble over her cloak, that she said in reply, with all the indifference she could assume-— 44 Very well, we will avoid the bankruptcy court if possible, else our creditors might have a rough time of it." TTTna am — — a — — — » t ITMH UVl! OU tiUORBUXtiuCb kUM these two, even although unintentionally, al ways contrived to wound each other on their tenderest points. Kate had been innocent of any evil intention, neverthe less Jack Clinker's feelings were sorely hurt by what he imagined was marked refer ence to his pecuniary difficulties. 44 That was a nasty speech, Miss Brewser," he said coldly. 44 You don't like my advice, for the third tinm this evening I tender it. Yon are fend of hitting tea right on the head, but take care you don't get into the lain of striking it too hard. It's an evil e.ud u - kind practice, apt to grow unawares those who indulge in it." And now suddenly she remembered what Mrs. Forrester had told her of his financial embarrassments, and the construction he had evidently put upon her words grew clear to her mind. 4tOh!" she cried hastily, while a flush of shame dyed her face, 44 1 did not mean it. I'm so sorry— so awfully sorry. Will you ever for give me?" His brow cleared at once. 44 Never mind," he said, ia quite & different tone. 4 4 It was my fault. 44 I'm a stupid fool to be so huffy. Gaod-bye, Miss Brewser," He handed her into the carriage, shut the door, and then added persuasively, 44 You'll let me come and see you, won't you ?" She could not have told herself what was the instinct that induced her too look him straight in the face with a and ray 44 Yes." After all he could be nice when he chose ; and though she was in no danger of falling a victim to bis fascinations, she began to understand that Mrs. Forrester had spoken truly when she declared Jack Clinker to be a dangerous man. She had not acted quite as she lad intended throughout the evening. Bat there wss no fear of his proving dangerous to her — not the least That was quite a different thing. Meantime 21. MlGrath was holding a prf« vate conference with his friead Mrs. Forrester. 44 Well," said he, in an anxious whisper, 44 how do you think they are getting on? il struck me it was rather a slap in the face fox poor Jack when she turned round and told him she detested partnerships ! What do you sup pose she meant by it ?" 44 Oh, nothing," answered Mrs. Forrester, soothiugly. 44 She rnns a bit contrary, that's all. Don't like the whip. Jack was pretty free with the lash, you know, and she showed some temper. Nothing more than might have been expected, however." Which declaration was a highly magnani mous one, seeing that Mrs. Forrester had not imparted to Mr. McGrath the maimer in which she had betrayed his confidences. 44 But do you think matters are progressing satisfactorily?" said he. 44 Admirably; how could thev possibly be going on better? Why, they did nothing the whole evening but spar and quarrel like two great overgrown babies who could not leave each other alone. What oo earth would yon have more?" 44 1 don't know. Do you call squabbling a good sign?" 44 A good sign? Yea, cerUii-j)? it# a capital case r " . « Don't yoii consider -it looks somewhat like a case of mutual aversion P." _ . 44 Teixy, you're really a very simpleindi- vidual. I tell you it's no such thing. It s the law of attraction and 'gravitation .which makes warring elements unite. Why, Where's .your natural history, man ?' . . , 44 Well" said Terry, but half-convinced, 41 you may be right. " You're a clever woman, Mrs. Forrester ; but it's not the way the boys do their courting in Ireland. Love- makin, there is done at the first intent, so to speak, and does not require all this beating about the bush and groping ia subterranean alleys. 44 Subterranean alleys ! What nonsense you're talking, Terry."1 .... T 44 It's true, though, all the same. _ In our country the boys make up to the girls m a straightforward fashion, and give them a slayi- piiig good kiss on the cheek without all this roundabout sort of palaver." 41 And a slapping good snub Jack would get for his pains if he were to try that game on. No, no, Terry, make up your mind that your countrymen's conduct cannot be implicitly followed on all occasions ; and believe, betides, that most women aire not won in that plough- boy manner. They like what you call round about palaver.' " . 44 Well, it beats me altogether and I give it up as a bad job. : All l ean say is, appearances are not entirely satisfactory. ' 44 And I tell you the appearances are exceed ing satisfactory, could -not be more bo, in fact : and that you know no more about the ways of 4 a man and a maid than my old tabby cat ATI A Oil t.flA TTMT. With piiciOj i/vrntuig IV V«V , o ' which remark she bade him farewell j and, having turned her guests out of doors, retired to rest, well pleased with what she considered had proved a most successful evening. The Honble. Jack Clinker, at alt times subject to curious fancies, took it into his head to walk home, and firmly declined the com panionship even of Mr. H'Grath. So he put on hie greatcoat, lighted a cigar, and trudged away steadily. The yellow moon Bhone like a clear sphere in the dark heavens, anon brighten ing all the landscape, and making the trees and hedgerows stand out in delicate silhouette again hiding away behind a mass of heavy cloud, while ths merry stars twinkled and played at hide and seek in their far-off homes. 44 Only twenty-two," said he, pursuing a train of reflection evidently uppermost in his thoughts, 44 and hates partnerships 1 Dash it all ! It's not natural at that age to talk like a woman of the world. She said her experience had been unfortunate. I wonder how and in what way ? I'd give a pony to know the story of her life. She muBt have been disappointed or badly treated Borne time or other. Perhaps it was some d d fellow, which is the reason she's so awfully hard on the rest of ns. Poor little soul! How pretty she looked when she was laving down the law. She reminded me of a snowdrop in her white frock, and her eyes sparkled just like two jewels. Talk of dolls, indeed ! There'b mighty little of the doll about her ! What a spirit she has got, and — yes — " with a sinile, what a tongue as well. Nevermind, after all she means no harm by it, and her heart is in the right place. I don't think your milk-and-watery creature would snit me in the long run. One soon tires of them, just as she said. Now there would be no sameness, no monotony about her. She'd keep a man up to the mark, and prevent his wits from wool-gathering. Why, she .made even me — me — Jack Clinker — feel inclined to turn over a new leaf, and regret the past. I wonder, now, whether it would he possible to begin a fresh and kick clear of the old groove ? Things can't last much longer as they're doing. A smash sooner or later is inevitable. Pshaw ! what a fool I am to be sure ! I can't think what's come to me to-night, or what has put such ideas into my head. It's not likely a girl of Miss Browser's wealth, surrounded, too," with every luxury, would ever care for a poor devil like myself; Enoftgh of such nonsense. These confounded stars make a fellow maudlin." He puffed vigorously at his cigar, and looked np into the cool, dark sky. The soft night air, iaden with moisture, kissed his cheek, and seemed to lull his senses to rest. The peace of nature shed her charm around him, sinking petty every- day worries and actions into triviality. 4t What an awfully jolly evening!" he soliloquised once more, knocking the ash away from his nearly smoked Havannah. 44 It makes one feel inclined to wander about all night, dreaming of half -fledged thoughts and Fishes. Were it not for that bothering money have everything a man could want— good ather, position, health, friends, and spirits — And yet, every now and again there seems to crop up a curious void, just as there did this evening. I wonder what it is, and why on earth that girl in her white frock made such an impression upon me. Heigh-ho ! It's a funny, unsatisfactory world in many ways ! " And with this unoriginal conclusion to his moralising, Jack Clinker found himself stand by his own hall-door, which he entered with a latch-key, and making a bad headache an ex cuse for not sitting tip to the small hours of the morning, discussing the evening's events over a brandy and soda with Terence M'Grath, he went up-stairs at once. He did not care to listen to his friend's opinions of 44 that smart young woman in white." He could fancy Terry using the very words ; and he was in one of those fastidious, uncertain moods when com ments are apt to be distasteful, and therefore ungraciously received, and when one's feelings are so highly strung that chaff irritates and banter jars. Those 44 confounded stars '' had certainly a good deal to answer for. (to bb continued. ) 