TII13 WOMAN'S WOULD Tub Librarian of the London University says ?: ever sinco women were admitted to tho examination:* ho prepares for examination days twtrn b«l:!. -. water. This is brcauso thu gentle sex ?o p?r?is:i :.!:» over-work themselves and get nervous ext-i1 .d that same of them always fnint, or at lc;:st ft ci .-c unwell that they have to give up the examine! i;-H. Tho men mid boys, en the contrary, take event !;.!.: very coally, and never have to be resuscilntcd i:i loo libruriuu's ofRee. Afasiii.^5 of tho moment i3 to give "colour;si dinners or lunchcons. Pink, or yellow, for in.-'.iv.c ., tho v.holo of tho tablo decorations being carrxtl ->i;t in rario'?:' shades of tho selected colour, «;v. :i .3 sauces, ices,- ii>d creams being tinted to The newest menu-card is n tiny Louis XV. uwu, with cV.borately gilded sides and top. To bo able to make " Aiild things lookamai.-t as Wool's tho new" used to be considered high prui.e. Now it is tho other way-at .least with furniture, ;.:i I lady decorators nro succfsafnl in proportion, a* fl.ey can imitate old Chippendale, old oak, or old ShcrMt-n furniture. Sometimes tho old habit is too strong f-»r tlum, however; for instance, when a quni:it cM spinett is convertevi into a prosiac sideboard, itn.l instead of tho ghosts of old-world romances, odoii'-tj of dinner and black-coated waiters hover round it. Such aro tho mistakes that orcr-zealous lady decora tors sometimes make. Now that the whooping cough season is at hand, and the east wind introduces other disagrcerJ-lo forms of catarrh into the land of tho Liliiputs, tl:j subject of tho little onos' dress (remarks an authority | on children's clothing, writing in tho DzilyNeics) is I worth a thought or two. They havo all been ; having new raiment., both boys and girls, and after I the trials of standing still to bo fitted and trien on, | and the proximity of cold steel in tho form of scissors when the " neck was sloped," they are eager to ei ! perience the pleasant side of now clothes and wear them | as soon as possible. Tho children associate light ! tints and thin fabrics with summer joys, and | vaguely hope to enjoy tho latterwhon they don tho former. But the judicious mother knows too well that tho east wind is much more treacherous and dangerous than the hard frosts we have so recently experienced. Warm winter garments are not to be lightly relinquished, or, if any change be made in the upper strata, tho thickness of those beneath must rather bs increased than diminished. It is difficult to obtain sensible under garments for the little ones. They generally stop short just where warmth is needed. Small petticoat bodices are out away round the shoulders, leaving t l.«j upper part of the chest and back without tho pro tection they afford to tho rest of the body. Tko really sensible petticoat comes up as high as tho tlres.% with the exception of the collar of tho latter. Man? experienced mothers choose this dangrrons po:;SOSJ of early spring for pnttingnow flannels oh the Youngster*, They know that often a cough and cold is thtu averted. But too frequently the old traditions aro followod. The nursery folk aro invested with new, warm flannels in autumn, when they are not half so badly needed as now. In form, the small garments retain tho imprest! of the "good old times," when children wore low bodies ana short sleeves all day long, and tho under wear had to be planned consistently with this custom. Strong and hardy men and women were, it is truo, sometimes reared under this system, but modem physicians are unanimous in condemning it. The climate may havo changed. The characteristics and habits of our race may havo nltcred. Certain it is that the children of this generation are stronger, healthier, and happier when neck and arms nro clothed than when tho vanity of mother* causes the pretty little chest and arms to be displayed. Short socks are now seldom seen on any but babies in arms. Long, warm stockings of pure wool are tho rule in winter and spring, substituted by a mixture of wool and cotton or Lisle thread in summer. J IT is quite possible to dress children hygienically I without making frights of them, thoughsome parents do not seem to think so. They turn out thoir girls ' such objects that the sensitive little souls are exposed to the ridicule of thoir small world, with disastrous effect upon tho tender, gentle spirit. A favourite fad is that of keeping the hair cropped short, like a boy's/ It is true that undue longth of locks is. burdensome to the youthful head ana injurious in more ways than ono. But there is a happy medium which avoids t his, and at the same time permits tho hair to be the ornament which it is evidently meant by Nature to be. Another ugly item in tho programme of tho hygienic school is the loose blouso bodice, which has absolutely nothing to recommcnd it. It makes the email wearers look round-shouldored ; and though its reason for existing is based on tho theory that it averts tightness round tho waist, every mother know* that the tendency of nursemaids is to tighten its fastenings in order to get rid of eonio of ita untidy effect. Another good argument against it i3 its chilliness. It bulges out from tho figure and is net half so warm as a garment that fits moro closely. Perhaps the very best form of house-dress for children is that which originated eomo seasons ago in tho jersey costumo for adults. It consists of a long waisted bodice, to which a short skirt is attached, tho wholo being mado of warm stockinette, or woollen material. Tho bodice comes down well over tho hips, and has oither a wrong side of warm woollinoas or a lining of some pnro wool fabric. Tho ordinary dross linings of the grown-up wearer nro all wrong, especially forchildrcn. They interfere with the benefits conveyed by tho wool. During tho soveriHesof the past memor able winter some sensible mothers had their little girls dressed in gowns of tho above description, worn over warm woollen knickerbockers to match, with but ono comfortablo knitted petticoat between. Thiswas, like the woollen underwear, made to come up well in the neck. The outer dress could ba modified to differences of temperature. Ribbed woollen stockings of the closest and most protective make, cover tho legs, and must, on no account, be short. They should cover the limbs well up beneath the knickerbockers. In attiro of this order many a happy little girl has felt as independent as her 1 brother during the long dark months, and lias escaped the chills and coughs that so easily bc?et the young in our Englis-li winter. Nothing bettet could be devised for their wear throughout, riio n<-xt few weeks, " till May is out." However bright, and balmy a day mavshino upon us hero and there during the next two months, there is certain to oe a return of the chill east wind. During the last few years, with tho one brilliant and delightful exception of May, 1890, we have had hardly any warm weather till tllo end of June* 