A THRILLING EXPERI E 1\T 0 E . I had occasion some months ago to go from a point a long distance up on the Cowlitz Elver, across the country toward the line of the railroad. For most of the distance the road, or rather the track, led through a rough wild country, which was . generally covered with heavy. forests, and tangled impenetrable thickets of under brush. More than forty uiiles were to be traversed. I started very early shortly after daylight. I was mounted on a small Iadian pony, of a scrubby, ignoble breed. Lest I should not be able to accomplish the journey in one day, or might not be able to reach some cabin along the route, I had taken the precaution to strap a pair of white blankets behind my saddle. The only weapons I had were a small pocket pistol-single-barrelled-and a small two-edged dirk. On starting I had noticed that my pony was slightly lame. Thinking he -would get over it when warmed up on the road, I pushed ahead. However, the lameness increased, and long before noon I felt that I should have to abandon the horse and make the remainder of the journey on foot, if another animal could not be obtained. Ho horse could be obtained for love.or money, so leaving the crippled pony and the saddle at a logger's ranch, I pushed on, carrying my roll of blan ket- on my back. The trail wound round through dense, gloomy forests. So thick and tall were the trees that the lofty, inter lacing branches overhead shut out the sun's rays, and much of the light of cay. In a sort of sombre twilight I pushed on. Before I had covered many miles I began to feel some uneasiness-a singular presentiment of evil foreboding. Still I went forward, striving to drive away the presenti ment by thinking of my business. However, the feeling that there was some danger in my pathway increased. Some instinefc told me that X was being followed. Soon a peculiar whirring sound, resembling the purring of an enormous eat, attracted my attention. Casting a quick glance behind me, imagine my dismay at see ing in the trail, not seventy-five yards away, a large, fierce cougar. The animal was trailing slowly along with its belly close to the ground, and switching its tail like a cat when pre paring to spring upon an unsuspecting mouse. Catching my eye the cougar Buddenlv stopped, placed its head close to the earth, and in a crouching atti tude watched me intently. My situa tion was a very grave one. Armed -with only a small pistol and knife, miles from human habitation, alone in the heart of a great gloomy forest, and confronted by a large hungry looking cougar, uiy position was not to be envied. Fortunately, I was thoroughly acquainted with the cowardly dis position of the animal. Unless pressed by hunger, I knew the cougar would not openly attack me. Grasping my pistol in one hand and the knife in the other, I turned and advanced towards the lurking foe. The cowardly crea ture retreated. To emphasize matters I discharged my pistol, taking precious good care to shoot wide of the mark. To wound the animal was the Jast thing in the world I wished to do. Deliberately reloading, I then turned and moved rapidly forward, keeping a sharp lookout over my shoulder. The cougar persistently dogged me. Some times it gaiued on me aud I would have to drive it back by shouting and discharging my pistol. This I kept up for about two hours. I hoped to finally frighten the animal away, but it still dogged my footsteps. 1 pressed on, weary and footsore, hoping soon to emerge from the forest or to reacu some wayside cabin. Once on open ground, I felt sure the animal would abandon the pursuit. But the timber appeared to grow thicker. To add to my fears night was coming on, and there were por tentious signs of a coming storm. Low muttering thunder was heard far away, and I could hear the wind that preceded the tempest gathering its forces far back into the forest. Dark ness fell until I could scarcely dis tinguish the tortuous trail. Still my foe followed relentlessly. Soon the amorphous blackness swallowed up everything. By feeling my way cautiously I could follow the trail. Presently I reached the brink of a steep ravine. Below me I heard the hiss and roar of a stream. Broad streaks of lightning flashed across the heavens. By waiting for these flashes I made my way down the ravine. At the bottom flowed a broad, swift stream across which the tiail led. I could not tell how deep it was, but cross I must. Taking advantage of a flash I plunged in. The water was a'.inost waist deep and cold as ice. ThroH«li this stream I floundered, jiarrowlv escaping being carried off my feet by the force of the current. Finally, I reached the opposite side I scrambled out, dripping wet and chilled to the marrow. By the next bright gleam I could see the cougar on the opposite side, just at the brink, crouching as if for a spring. In sheer desperation I fired at him, and turning rushed up the steep, rugged trail. Black gloom again succeeded. I stood still, my heart beating madly; I expected that the cougar would now certainly attack and rend me. Just then the animal gave a wild, fearful scream and plunged into the stream. Another flash came. As I turned to fly, I saw the cougar mid-stream, 1 struggling desperately in the mad torrent and making towards tne. ! Before J he gleatn faded there came I another blinding, fierce glare, followed by an awful peal of thunder. Ouce more I turned aud fled up the trail. This time I reached the top, and at the same instant there came another blood cuidliug scream from the enraged cougar. I rushed pre cipitately on, and iu a moment reached an opening in the timber. My pistol being empty was useless, so I flung it away and grasped my dirk. I looked around and discovered that I stood upon the edge of a small clearing. Not a hundred yards away, I saw with a joy that no language could portray, the light of- a candle shining through a window of a humble log-cabin. Help and. safety were at hand. I shouted loudly, and a course, heavy " Hulloo, there !" came back in response. The loud bajing of a dog greeted me that sounded sweeter than any music I ever heard. But little remains to be told. The brave dog rushed past me, and making for the cougar, which was only a few yards away, quickly treed him. The logger at once comprehended the situation. Telling me to go to the cabia, be seized his rifle and hurried to the spot where his dog stood bark ing and waited for a lightning flash. It came a moment later almost as bright as day. It revealed the cougar crouching on a large limb, not more than forty feet from the ground, just ready to hurl himself upon the dog. There was a sharp crack, and the ball crashed through the cougar's skull. Uttering a piercing cry, the creature fell to the ground, and after a brief struggle ingloriously gave up the ghost. Just then the lon^r-impending tem- j pest broke forth in all its fury. That j night I remained at the logger's cabin, i and partook of bis rough but whole- ! some cheer. Early the next morning j I reached my destination without fur- j tber adventure. The cougar that j came so near getting my scalp was a ; very large old male. By actual measurement it was nearly nine feet from tip to tip. It, the narrowest escape from a horrible fate I ever had. The experience has taught me one useful lesson ; I will never again ven ture alone through the lonely woods without having a trusty Winchester in.my hand. 