Paper Chase on Horseback. The paper chase on horseback arranged by Messrs. J. H. Golbraith and A. Tower, with a view of assist ing the proposed hunt club, was brought to a successful issue on Saturday last, when M'Millan's Hotel, Bankstown, was the tryetsng- place. Among those present were Messrs. A. Tower on Blazes, J. H. Galbraith on Bantam, G. A. Terry on Rocket, T. Mulling oil Suuday, L. lioiiu on BarLM. Ford on TCflwljA T\nwr\a 17rafrAi* f\n TWalni* Pinliimle An Blanche, Kott on Charles, Brunton on Roger, Gordon on The Ghost, Price on Joe, W. M'Kelevey on Vesta, Bucknell on Peer, Dr. Buoknell on Sky scraper, M'Quillau on Dodger, T. M'Quillan on Jerry, Hutchins on 'Wideawake, P. Clarke on Tim, IX'Donald on Lady Lovel, E. Clarke on Possum, C. Macdonald on Botberum, Gormly on Rookwood, Mre. Hinchcliffe on lluth, 3Ji63 Hincli clifle on. Rudulph, Miss Bucknell on Darling, Jlisa M'ConochieoTiiSurprise, and Master Richards on Miss Cardigan, while all the district had turned out en maese, aud some half-dozen buggy loads of spectators, among whom -were Mr. C. Oowper, Mr. Decent, . Mrs. yWld, and the Misses -HassaU, showed their, appreciation of the B^ort. Messrs. Toner, M'Quillan, and Gordon were entrusted with the trail at 3.15 p.m., and 20 minutes later the hounds . were laid on. A merry run of about 11 miles ensued{ principally through open forest land and an occasional belt of scrub, with lightf ences interspersed. The ran opened by taking a double through Mr. Leigh's and out by Dr. Tarrant's, into the Old Canterbury-road, then across to Fadstow. Park, with a sharp turn to Mr. Carruthers's property, through the Beaconsfield Estate light down to George^ Eiver, through George's Hall Estate on to the Liverpool-road, through Finlaj's into Auburn Park, where a check was made for a moment, as some sympathetic people bad provided refreshments- On resuming a straight run of about three miles brought the party back to the poiut of commencement. The hounds ran well, and, though baulked by numerous false trails, and taking into consideration the heavy state of the country, eventually finished well together at a great pace, about two minutes behind the hares, all having thoroughly enjoyed the day'B outing, aud agreed unanimously to attend the preliminary run of the Sydney Hunt Club. Doctor: 'How did the sedative powder affect your wife last night, Mr. Smith?' .Mr. Smith: ' Disastrously 3' Doctor : ' Disastrou&lv; f Wasn't the able to sleep?' Mr. Smith: ' Sleep P \^hy the baby cried from midnight until morning, and ray wife slept through it all.' 