MADA, THE LILY. By E. KIDER HAGGARD. ? COPYRIGHT, ISM, nv H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALI. KIGIIT3 RESERVED.] CHAPTER-XXVIII. THE LILY IS BROUGHT TO DISGAAX. « How are you named Y said Dingaan." 'We ore named Bulalio tho Slaughterer and Galazi the "Wolf, O King,' answered TJmslopogaas. 'Was it thou who didst 8end n certain message to tho Black One who is dead, Bulalio?' ' Ye»,'O King, I sent a message, but from all I have heard, Masilo, my messenger, gave more than the message, for he stabbed the Black One. Masilo bad an ovil heart.' Now Dingaan winced, for he knew well that he himself and one Mopo had stabbed the Black One, but he thought that this out- land chief had not heard that tale, so he said no more of the message. ' How ia it that ye dare to como before me armed ? Know ye not the rule tlint he who comes armed before tho king dies ?' 'We have not heard that law, O King,' said TJmslopogaas. ' Moreover,-there:is this to be told : by virtue of the axe I bear I rule alone. If I am seen without the axe, then'any man may take my- place who can, for the axe is chieftainesB of the People of the Axe, and he who holds it is its servant.' ' A1 strange law,' said Dingain,* " but let it pass. And thou, "Wolf, what hast thou to say Pf that great club of thine ?' 'There is this to be told of the club, O King,' answered Galazi : ' ' by virtue of the club I guard my life. . If I am seen without the club, then may any man' take ray life ?who can, for tho club is my Watcher! not I Watcher of tho club.' ' Never wast thou nearer to the losing of both1 club and life,' said Dingaan,' angrily. 'It may be so, O King,' answered the Wolf. '! When the hour is, then, without a doubt, the Watcher shall cease from his .watching.' . - ; ' Ye are. a strange pair,' quoth Dingaan. 'Where bave-you, been now, and. what is your" business nt the Place of the Elephant ?' ' We have been in a far country, O King !' answered TJmslopogaas. 1 We have wandered in a distant land to search fora Plower to be a gift to a king, and in our searching we have trampled down a Swazi garden, and yonder are some of those;who tended it' and he pointed to the captives-' and with- out are the cattle that ploughed it.' ' Good, Slaughterer! I Bee tho gardeners, and I-hear the lowing of tho.cattle, but what of tue Plower? Where" is'this Plower ye went so far to dig in,Swazi soil ?\ Was it a Lily-bloom, perchance ?,', ... 'It'was a Lily;bloom, O' King ! And yet, alas! the Lily has withered. Nothing is left but the stalk, white and withered as are the-bones^ of men.' ' What 'meanest ' thou ?' 'said 'Dingaan, starting to his feet. 'That thev king shall' learn/ answered TJmslopogaas ; and, turning, be spoke a word to the'captainB'who' were behind him. Presently the ranks .'opened; up, and four men ran forward from tho rear of the companies.' ':Ori their shoulders they:bore ¡a stretcher, and on the stretcher lay some- thing wrapped about with raw dx-hidès and bound round with'rimpis. -The men saluted, and'laid their burden down before the king. ' Open 1' said the Slaughterer ; and they opened, and there within the hides, packed in salt,'lay:the body of : a girl who ouce was tall and fair. < r . ..;:?/. 'Here lies tho,Lily's stalk, O King !' said TJmslóppgaás, pointing with the axe, " but if her'fiower blooms on any;dir,'it is riot'here.' Now, Dingaan stared 'at the' sight' of death,'arid 'bitterness of heart took hold of him,, since he bnd desired above all things to wiri the beauty of the Lily for himself. 'Take away this carrion and cast it to thej dogs !' he 'cried, for. thus he could speak/of her whom he would have taken tgrwifo, when once he deemed her dead^-r^Take it away, and thou, Slaughtorer^téll mo how it came about that ' the mcü'd was1 slain. It will'bedwell fbrjihecv 'if thou hast a good, answer, forv-k'now "thy life hangs.'on the words^T^ -i ? ' ' ' S'o-TJmelopogaas told the king all that tale which had been made ready against the wrath' of Dingaan.: 'And when he had finished Galazi told his story, pf how he had .seen the soldier' slay the maid, and in his wrath had slain the soldier. Then certain of the captains who had Been the soldier and the maid lying in' one death came forward and spoke tb it) . ?" Now, Dingaan' was very angry, and yet there was nothing to . be - done! . The Lily waB dead, and by no fault of any except of one, who was: also ', dead arid,, beyond ? his reach. >.? '?? ' . ' . . :- - ' Get you hence, you and your people,' he said to ¡the Wolf-Brethren. ' I take the cattle arid the captives. Be,thankful that I do not take all your lives also-first, because, ye have dared to make ' war : without my word, and secondly, because,. having made war, ye have so brought it about that, though yo bring me the body of her I sought, ye do not bring the life.' .Now, when the king spoke, of taking tho lives of all the People of tho Are;,TJmslopo- gaas smiled grimly and glanced at his com- panies. Then, saluting the king,'he turned to go. But as he turned a : man sprang forward from the ranks and called to Dingaan, saying-. .'ls it granted that I may speak truth before the king, and af forwards sleep in tho king's shadow ?' . 1. '* Now, this was.'that mari who had been' captain of tho guard on tho night when three passed out through the archway and two returned, that same man whom TJnslopo gaa8 had degraded from his rank. 'Speak on, thou art safe,' answered Dingaan. , VQ. King, thy ears have been filled with lies,'said,the soldier. 'Hearken, O King! I was captain of tho guard of the-gate on that night of the slaying of the Halakazi. Three came to the gate of tho mountain-^ theyv were . Bulalio, the . Wplf Galazi, arid , another. ; That other was .tall-and , slim,' bearing a shield high-so.. As it tire - third . passed.the;gate,ithe kaross bo wore brushed ' agdiris't'me "and Blipped aside. Beneath theikafoa's'was no man's breast, O King, but the shape of a woman, wollnigh white-in colour,'and very fair. In drawingjbock'the' kaross > this r. third one moved ;,the ''shield!, Behind that shield wns no man's face, O: King, : but the face" of a'girl, lovelier .than the moon, and having eyes: brighter'than the stars! ' Three wont out at the mountain gate, . O,, King, only, two', returned, 'arid, peeping after them, it seemed that I saw the third running Bwiftly across the plains, as a young , maid runs, O King. Thia also, Elephant, Bulalio yonder denied nie when, ss'captain of the guard, I asked for tho third who had passed the gate, Baying that ' only two had passed. Further, nono of the captive» were called to mvenr to the body of the maid, and now it is too late, and that [man who lay besido'her wa« not killed by Gala/.i in the cave. He was killed outside the cave by a blow of a Hulakuzi kerrie. 1 saw him fall with my own eyes, and slew the man who smote him. One thing more, King of the World, tho best of the captives and the cattle are not here for a i»ift to thee -they are at the kraal of Bulalio, Chief of the Peoplo of the Axe. I have spoken, O King, yes, because my heart loves not lies. I hnve spoken the truth, and now do thou protect me from these Wolf-Brethren, O King, for they are very fierce.' Now all this while that the traitor told his tale, Uinslopogaas, inch by inch, was edging nearer to him and yet nearer, till at length he might have touched him with an outstretched spear. None noted him save I, Mopo, alono, and perhaps Galnzi, for all were watching the face of Dingaan as men watch a storm that is about-to burst. 'Fear thou not the Wolf-Brethren, soldier,' gasped Dingaan, rolling his red eyes; 'the paw of the Lion guards thee, my servant.' Ere the words had left the king's lips the Slaughterer leaped. He leaped full on to the traitor, speaking nover a word, and oh ! his eyes were awful. . He leaped upon him, he seized him with his hands', lifting no weapon and in his terrible might ho broke him as a child breaks a stick-nay, I know not how, it was too swift to soe. He broke bim, and, hurling him on high, east him dead at the feet of Dingaan, crying in a great voice ' Take thy servant. King ! surely ' he sleeps in thy shadow' ! ' Then there was silence, only through the silence was heard a gasp of fear and wonder, for no such deed as this had been wrought in the presence of the king- no, not since the day of Senzangacona the Hoot. Now Dingaan spoke, and his voice carne thick with rage, and his limbs trembled. |Slay bimi' he hissed, slay the dog and all. with him !' 'Now we come to a game which I can play,' answered Umslopogaas. ' Ho, People' of tho Axel. Will .you stand, to be slaughtered'by those singed rats?"and He pointed with Groan-Maher to those warriors who had escaped without" hurt in the fire, but; whose faces the'fire had scorched. . ? ;Then for answer a great shout went up, a shout and a roar of laughter, and this was tho shout- ., ' No, Slaughterer,'not so are we minded 1' and right and loft they faced to meet tho foe,' while from all along ? the companies came the rattle of shaken snields. ? Back sprang Umslopogaas ' to'? head his men ; forward leaped the soldiers pf the king to work' the , king's will, if so . they might. And Galazi.the;Wolf.also sprang forward towards Dingaan, and, as he sprang, swung,up, the Watcher, crying in a great voice- , , ' " ' * Hold ! * ., . ' :''r:'" Again there was silence, for men saw that theÎ shadow,of ' the Watchër lay dark upon tho hoad of Dingaan',' J , ', ! ' Mt is a . pity that many ahould die when one will suffice,' cried the Wolf again. ' Let a blow be struck, and where his shadow lies there shall' the Watcher be, and lo! the world shall lack a king. A word, King !' Now Dingaan looked up at the great man wh'o Btood above him; and felt'tbe shadow of the shining club lio cold^upon^ his brow, and again he Bnook-this time'it was with fear. 'Bogone.in peace,'.he said. , :>. ......f,.-,,J 'A good word;for thee;?>'King,',.'saidJim Wolf, grinning, and-'slowly he drew'bjtâ»ël£ .backwards towards the, eompanies./saying, ' Praise, the king ! The_king^bj4ebtoschildren go in peace.' \r . ' '..' . ">'/[ But when Dustanfelt that his brow was no longer coWr*ftith the shadow of death his rage cam|/'back to him, and he would have called^to the soldiers to fall-upon the PjjifpTe of .the Axe, only I stayed him, Bay-, ' Thy death is in it, 0 King ; the Slaugh- terer will grind such men as thou hast hore beneath his feet, and then once more shall the Watcher look upon thee.' ;Now Dingaan saw that this was true, and gave no command,' for he- had only those men with liiin whom the* fire'had left.' All the rest were gone'to slaughter the Boers in Natal. Still he must have blood, so he turned on me. Thou art à traitor, Mopo, as I have known for long, and I will serve thee as yonder dog served his faithless servant!' and he.smote at me with the assegai in his hand. ., ' ¡But I-saw the stroke, nnd, springing high hito the nir, avoided it. Then I turned; and fled very swiftly, and after me came certain of the soldiers. 'The way; was not far to the. last company of ' the People ÓE the 'Axe; moreover, it saw me coming, and, headed by Umslopogaas, who walked behind them all, ran to meet me. Then the soldiers who fol- lowed to kill, me hung back out of reach of the axe. . '. . . : i.' :¡;;r.'. .', [') ;;'<'. Î ' Here with the king is no place for me any'more, my sou,' I said to Umslopogaas. ; 'Pear not, my father, I will find you a place,'he answered. ; Then I called a message to the soldiers who followed me, saying-; , i 'Tell this to the king: that he has done ill to drive me from- him, for ? I,1 Mopo, set him on the throne, and I alone can hold him there. Tell him* this also, that he will do yet worse to seek me where I am; for that day when we are once moro face to face shall be his day of 'death. Thus speaks Mopo the itiyanya, Mopo tho doctor, who never yet prophesied that which, should not bo.' .' '" ' j Then we marched from the kraal TJmgu gundhlovu; and when next T saw that kraal it was to burn all of it which Dingaan had left unburnt, and when next I saw Dingaan .r-ah ! that is to be told of, my'father.' , ? : We marched from the kraal, none hinder- ing us, for there were nono to hinder, and when we had gone a little way .Umslopogaas halted and sàid-^ .'" t ' Now it is in my mind to return whence wo came and slay this Dingaan,'ere he slay me.' ? .".'')?.. :'';,*/¡ ;'; ' ' 'Yet it is, well'to leave, a frightened lion in his thicket, my son,' for a lion at bay is hard to handle..; .'Doubt not that every man, young and old;' in Umgugundlhovu now. stands armed about tho gatos, lest such a thought should talco you, ray son ; and though just now.he was afraid, yet Dingaan ¡will Btrike for his lifo.: When you might ¡have slain you did not slay ; now the' hour 'has gone.' .i'i'ift ..; ; ^IJWiserwordB l'~said- Golazi.-~!.I-_would 'that tho Watcher had : fallen where its shadow fell.) 7.. . .7 7 ,,:^;' ", ;:; ~ ; 'What is -.your counsel.'now,',father ?,' asked Umslopogaas. . . .: > ? . .r . 'This, then': that you two should abide no moro beneath the shadow of the Ghost Mountain, but should gather your people and your cattle, and pass to the north on the track of Mosilikatze the Lion, who broke away from Chaka. There you may rule apart or together,» and never dream of Dingaan.' ¡ ' I will not do that, father,' he answered. ' I will dwell beneath the shadow of the Ghost Mountain while I may.' 'And so will I,' said Galazi, 'or rather among its rocks. What! shall iny wolves lack a master when they would go a hunting P Shall Greysnoui and Blackfang, Blood and Deathgrip, and their company black and grey, howl for me in vain ?' 1 So be it, children. Te are young and will not listen to the counsel of the old. ' Let it befall as it chances.' .. I spoke thus, for I did not know then why TJmslopogaas would not leave his kraals, lt was for this reason : because be had bidden Nada meet him there. Afterwards, when he found her be would have gone, but then the sky was clear, the danger-clouds had melted for a while. Oh ! that Umslopognas my fosterling had listened to me ! . Now he wonld have reigned as a king, not wandered an outcast in étrange lands 1 know not where ; and Nada should have lived, not died, nor would the People, of the Axe have ceased to be a people. This of Dingaan. :When he heard my message'he grew afraid'once more, for he' knew me to be no liar. Therefore ho held his hand fdr a while,, sending no imp! td smite" TJmslopogaas, lest it might come about that I should bring him his ' death as I had promised. And before' the fear had worn away, it happened that Dingaan's hands were full with the war against the Amaboona, because of his slaughter of the white people, and he had no soldiers to spare with whom to wreak ven- geance on a petty chief living far away. Yet his rage was great i because of what had chanced, and, after his custom he mur- dered many innocent people to satisfy it. CHAPTER XXIX. Now, afterwards, as we went .upon our road, TJmslopogaas told me all that there was ; to tell of the Halakazi and of the finding of Nada. ' "When I heard that Nada, my daughter,' still ' lived, I wept ,for ? joy, though with TJmslopogaas. I was torn by doubt, and fearj for it was'far for an unaided' maid .to travel from Swaziland to the; Ghost Moun- tain! Yet all this while I said nothing to TJmslopogaas of the truth as to his birth, because on the journey there were many around UB, and the very trees have ears, and the same wind to which we whispered might' whisper, to , the king. Still, I knew that the hour had now come when I must speak, for it was in my mind to bring it about that' TJmslopogaas should be proclaimed the son of Chaki!, and : be mado King of the Zulus in the place of Dingaan, his uncle. Yet had all'these things gone cross for us, because it was fated so, my father. Had I known that TJmslopogaas still lived when I' slew Chaka, then methinks that I could have brought it about that he should be kipg'. Or had things fallen out BB I planned;'and the Lily maid been brought: to Dingaan, and TJmslopogoaB grown great in-nis sight, thon perhaps I could have urgúg'ut it about.'! But' all things had gone/cross. The Lily was none - other than ¿Nada; and how. could, TJmslopogaas gi*^ Nada, whom he thought his sister,^.n;a'd who was my daughter, to DingaanyTigairist her will ? Also, because of ÑAu'a, Dingaan'rand; TJmslopogaas »were nojfr at bitter. enmity, and for, this same. .Cause I was. disgraced and a fugitive, and my counsels would no longer be heard in the ear of the king. So everything must be begun afresh ; and as I walked with theimpi towards the Ghost Mountain, I thought much and often of the manner in which this' might bo done. ' But as yet I said nothing.' .'..',,.' Now, at. last we were beneath the Ghost Mountain, and looked on the stone face of the old Witch who sits there aloft-' for ever waiting for the world to die; and that same night we came to the kraal of the People of the Axe, and entered it with a great singing.; But Galazi did not.enter at that time ; he was away to the mountain to call his flock of wolves, and as we passed its foot we heard the welcome that the wolves howled in greet- ing to him. . Now, as we drew near the kraal, all >the women and children came' out ^o meet us, headed by Zinita, head wife of TJmslopogaas. They came joyfully, but! when they, found how many were wanting who a moon before had gone thence to fight,/ their joy was .turned'to mourning, and tho voice of their weeping went up to beaven. . , . iTJmsldpogaas greeted Zinita kindly ; and yet I thought there was something lacking.: At first she spoke to him softly, but, when she learned all that had,come to pass, her.wordB iwere not soft, for she reviled me and sang a loud song at TJmslopogaas. ' Seo now, Slaughterer,' she said, 1 see now what has come about because, you . have listened to this aged'fooll'-that WUB I, rriy father-' this fool who calls himself Mouth ! Ay, a mouth he is, a mouth out of which proceed folly and lies ! What did he coun- sel you _ to do ?-to go - up against these Halakazi and win a girl for Dingaan 1 And: what haye you done ?-you have fallen upon' the Halakazi, and, doubtless have slain many innocent people with that great axe of yours, also you have left nearly-half of the People of tho Axe to whiten in the Swazi caves, and in exchange have brought back certain cattle of a small breed, and girls and children that we must nourish !' TINNED PRESERVES.-A matter of veryconsidci able intercut to the general publio is under the o m sideration of the English Local Government Board. Their attention was drawn-some timo back to thu frequent causes of illness and poisoning following the UPC of canned meats and fruits, and experts were oonseqnently appointed to make experiments with a view to ascertaining how tho ailment) arore. Reports have now been sent in, and may be said to be of a really serious character. Tins of pumpkins. pearB. peas, mushrooms, b aokberrieB. salmon, apples, peaoheB, cherries, beans, milk, pineapples, and vari- ous other articles have been ohemioally tested, and' out of the whole lot it is placed on reoord that only the milk was found free from poieonous material. In all the other samples the tin, takon as chloride, varied from a half to five and a half grains per pound. The Board is understood to bo considering what stops should be talion to deal with this really aoriouB matter. ANIMALS' DAILY RATIONS.-The general rule is that animals eat about three per cent, of their liv» weight of hay per duy or its equivalent. For instance a horse weighing one thousand pounds would eat about thirty pouudH of hay per day ; and a oow weighing niirht hundred would eat twenty four pounds per day, and n sheep weighing oue hundred pounds would eat throe pounds per day, and a hen weighing five pounÜH would eat about two and a half ounces ot bay or ita equivalent per day. It takes about ono hundred pounds of graas to make thirty pounds of hay, BO that, horse of ono thousand pounds weight would oat one hundred pounds of grasa por day. In fact, ho will eat more than thlB beean HO the greon grasa is moro digestible than tho hay. Tho advantage of feeding part grain and part hay is that tho grain ia less bulky in pro- portion to nntrimont than tho hay, and moro easily digestible. The horse or oow can eat moro and be capable of doing moro work or giving more milk. Another important deduotion from these briefly Btatcd fasts ia that we should m ak o a groat offert to grew rich, nutritious grow, and rich, nutrltoua corn fodder, rather than a large crop of unnutrt tiouB, bulky food.-American Agricnltnrùt. 