A TRAVELLING COMPANIJN: i \TR. CIALEB oUCKLE, as he ste in his J eminently respectable Club, was in a very batg temper indeed. It was certainly annoying, and even a more patient temperament than Caleb's wou?dl have been rumfled to no slight extent by the circumstances. For fifteen years, as Srgularly as the procession 'of - the seasons, had he been accustomed to spend the sum -inmer months travelling from one pleasant ` Continental retreat to another, accompanied by his friend, General Beaman, K C. 1., with whom his acquairitanceship dated from their Etoni days; and with ihom he was. in: that condition of' thorpugh. ,sympathy, and .e:ord which is the only sure tie between travelling companions. This year every 'thing had promisedfor -a, trip of unusual pleasantness, and for weeks Caleb had gloated over the prospect, oply:at tlhe last moment to receive a check ri the sh:ilie -of a letter from the General to say tlhat the breaking out of ar-oldwotifid jireieledt hiiis being able to stir for six months at least. Caleb's cup of disaipointmnent and chagrin fairly brimmed over. What was lie to do? He would rather not travel alone, and it was inow July, and the season was too far ad;inced for him to look fora travelling companion. Everyone he knew had already either left London or was on the poeit of so doing. In anotý er week town would be absolutely empty; and as this ghast.ly certainty impressed itself on his mind he happened to glance out of the win dow, and surieyed thl broad street with the pavement apparently as crorvded as in the height of thecSeason. PI'erhaps others were in his oilr, sad plight; nmaybe some of those very passers-by found themsclves at the last amomenit bereft of valued tr"ivelling com panions; doubtless-and an idea flashed across the tobacco-soothed brain of Mr. IBuckle, the very oiiginality of which caused him to gasp so that lie swalloired a mouth ful of smoke and indul"gd in a fit of dotighing whicli completely spoiled the peaceful doze of the solitary waiter. Mr. Bunckle's idea, however, was of too startling a niatuire to be acted upon at once; nor, indeed, did he find himself able at once to consider it cahuly and judliciously in all its bearinugs. So he began to think of some thIing else as hard as lie could. In his case \- the "somethling else" resolved itself into a consideration of a diisquieting epistle that he had received that morning. Caleb, though a bachelor, stood in the somewhat anomalous position of guardian and trustee to his only niece, a pretty girl of cighteen, who had alwas lived witli her mother's people. She was the daughter of Calcb's younger brother, a former Colonel in .a Cavalry regiment, who had provided ithat his daughter should he debarred from' enjoying tile fairly substantial fortune hIe was able to leave her should she marry before the age of twenlty-one without her uncle's consent. It was a .provision' of the will which had never given Caleb the least uneasiness, but now here was his niece writing to tell him thait she was engaged to be married to a younug man of whom ie had never- heard, antd that she counted upon receiving his consent as a matter of course. Novw, Caleb was not oiily as selfish as men of his age and mode of life are apt to be, but he was also conscientious. lHe felt that lie could not grrint his consent witlhout careful inquiry into the youii:g man's antecedents and prosjiecls, and this lihe knew would entail upon him a vast amount of bother and annoyance in-any case ; aind, possibly, should lie disapprove of the match, a vast deal' more. Thus the "something else" was not a pleanant subject to dwell upon, and so lie returned to his "great idea," which'tlie more lie thought about it seemed the more attractive and plausible. It ended in his sending a documentsby the hands of the Club Commissionaire to the ollice of The 'l'imes. " Then he went homine to the drill little house in St. James's; and next morriing when his middle-aged manl-servant brourglht hiim, as usual, The Timries with his tea and toast, he found onlly one parlagraplh which was. to himn of the slightest degree of interest. This rani as follows: [ TANTED. -A Gentleman (mniddle aged), of refined tastes, to accom pany the advertiser on a three mouths' Continental tour. Apply personally, or by' letter to C. ,B.,. 99, ' Duchess-street, St;. James's, 1'. It was tile exelninr of thie day oni which Mri. ruckle's andvertisement appearcd, anld Lieutenantl Charles Sot heran, a good-looking, curly-lchearded youinstcer, ihl o rwas passing thIe nigh t in toiwn on his way to Aldershot' in the morning, found himself thIe sole occi pant of thIe billiard-room of tIre Junior Tatters. Atfirst he wais not umfavourably impressed by hii iinwonted lonelines. IIe was fll of high sprlitsi, sRtiatied' iwitlh the world andr l himself, and engaged to be married to a girl wihom he, of course, regarded as trhe loveliest arid most clharming of her sex. So brimful was hIre of self-congraRtulation tlhat he must needs begin to drink hIris own health; and as hre had already had a bottle of "extra se" wvith hris diiner, the consequence of this amusement was that in a very short space of time the speeche hle made to himself were somewhat thickly uttered d and inco herertly composed. lie had thie sense though to know that hIe had gone far enroughl; and in thIe final desperation of loneliness tihe licked up a mornilg paper from ore of tihe lounges and vainly tried to read. ]-He was about to throw the paper doin and seek metal more attracti-e elsewhere, when.l a painagraph cauhlt his eye and led himu to read it carefully over. "LThat'sh funny l' he umurmured. "Seems to me ] know the addresh, ian' yet I don' know who lives there !" And he read it over once more. Then a glearm of amusement caused the ends of thie fair lhostaclhea to trend in an upward direction, ahd Lieutenant Sotlheran clhuceled audlibly. He chuckled as lie drew out a dainty little not-bbook, and among a fee, betting hieroglyplhics jotted carefully down ai address which hIe copied from tIhe newspaper. He chuckled as he walked dowinstairs anrd indued himrclf with hIis over co; and hat li; and he continued chuckling, as he directed tlie lhall- iorter to call a hIan sola, into wlich with miuchl solemnr delibera tion Ie stepped, and still chuckled. ThIe direction that, with a regular explosion of Kood-humoured chuckligs, Mr. Chairles Sothieran gave thIe driver, led him ino great distance froni his starting point-, for it was in oneof the side streets leading from St. Jamnes's-stlrcet we-stward that thIe cab drew np at the door of a snrall house of staid respectability. ThaRt the windows were all dark anid cxeni thie ghost of a glimmer wanting in the ball, so far as could be seen through the old-fashrionedl fanlight, was a matter of no concern apparently to the fare, who, xuith a liklO deliberation to that with Whivch he had entered, emrerged from the cab, and, supporting hlimself by tihe iron railings which guaridedl the porch on either side, began to haininer steadily an~di -forcibly with the kinocker at the dlinrgy old door. He banged away on thdi defenceless door, play ing popular- airs, as though lie were a performer in thie regimental bird: till at last liis erTorts were of avail. A first- flooi window opened, and a -veryv red face sur mounted by a very white niighlt-cap-for nigh t-caps are still worn by elderly gentlemen in thls year of grace 1892-was protruded therefrom. " Who are you, anild whatn the somethlinag or otlier do you want?"' growled the nigllt. capped one. " Are you-" replied Lieutenant Sotheran, with a sweet smile, "or rather are your initials 'C. B.?'" . " My initials are-'0. B., 'sir; but what the dickens is that to you ?" "Then in I-Iea:en's name come down instantly! My businessdoes not admit of Sdelay." Andso insiatant was thse visitor's ; " 'L?'·',*- " -·tr, . .. .. .. L / . -.": ,." dounds echoing through tih empty house proclaimed the fact that the owiner was: making his hasty way downstairs. The door suddenly opened, and Licutenant Sotheran, who was leaning against it, lurched forward somewhat precipitately into the hall; but he recovered himself, and, leaning against the wall, gravely contem plated the somewhat remarkable tigure presented by Mr. Caleb Buckle, who, candle in hand and attired in a garment of engaging brevity, stood glowering wrathfully at him. "So you are C. B. ? '" queried Charlie, sweetly. "I am, sir; and now what is the urgent business ?". - "And. you inserted the advertisement for a travelling comnpanion in to-day's Times ?" "I did, sir; but you must be aware that this is ino time to- " "A?'d you ih ait someone to travel with you, do you, ' C. B. ?'" went on his questioner, as though lie had not heard the inter ruption: "I do, sir; but I should never dream, after this outrageousintrusion---" " 'ell, 1 hope ho you'll have a pleasant trip ' U. B.: I thought I'd come round, late as it is, to tell you--- " To tell me -to tell inme what, sir ?" fairly snorted poor Buckle, whoi was shivering with the cold. " To tell von,"drawled the other, "to tell you thit Ih ratt' comei! :" And in another instant he was in the cab dashming down the street:, while Caleb Buckle danced in iimpotent rage oil the doorstep. . " Yes, it wasn't a bad joke for a dull John nie like ;me to play off," said Mr. Charles Sotheran a year later to one of his fellow ollice 3. " B(t, whetl I foundF out that thed old duffer was msy liaince's uncle, and when lie recogniecd me and refused his consent-to our marria:rge; and whlen I thilk that we have to wait two years before we can marry, why, I don't think it .quite so rousingly funny as I did, 'don't you know ! ":'- Vrnity 1'Fair. A NOVEL HEI)DE. A arrt,?T??a on a walking tour through Slhrop.hire in the autumn of 1890 gives the following account of a peculiar hedge or fence whichl hi came across : "Strolling through the Carding M'ill Valley, near Church Strettllon, at -the upper part of the valley, I found that a largoe piece of laud has been reclaimed from the .waste, and is cultivated as a vegetable market garden. To protect tihe produce from the inroads of the mountain sheep, this plot *of lind has a fence around it of such peculiar coustruction that it nmay be called uniqute. The south-end corner is composed of two enormous tins such as one sees gingerbread in at country fairs, very battered and full of holes. Each tin is about six feet in length and three feet in circtimfcreonce. These are ltanked right and left by an incredible number of Vine buckets in every stage of' dilap idation. Som'le lave handles and bodies and no bottom, others, have the barrel merely, while in some only the lhandle or bottom is left. There are zinc. buckets enough to load a. waggon.o Further aloiig the garden an old-fashioned plough forms part of tihe fence. '.his is adorned with fragments of old iron .hooping, tea-trays, meat-covers, old coliffee-pots, and preserved meat tins, aided by more buckets. The upper part of this wondrous hedge derives its defence from s.icks, gorse, tarpaulin, pat ts of a chair, a dripping-p',n, and bits of cheese-boxes. String is largely used, from the lparti-coloured twine used to tie up sugar to a piece of rope suitable fora ship's cable. Where string runs shortt bits of clothing; torn into strips are utilised, and over all are the zinc buckets and meat tins. Part of this medley fence is held up in pl aces by broken rabbit wires, called in to aid the string. Another immense gingerbread tin is on the west side, propled up with gorse, and botunrd nitli witlhies. The ubiquitous zinc buckets form the first line of defence, the advanced redoubt of this truly marvellous protection." HE FAILED TO " CATCII ON." As amusing incident occurred in a Newark music store the other d-ay A new and very pretty ballad is entitlccr" Kiss lie." A very pretty girl having, heard of the song, and thinking she would get it with some others, stelopped into a !usic store to make a pur chase. One of the clerks, a modest young man, stepped up to wait on her. The young lady threw her veil back saying : " I want ' Rock Me to Sleep.' " The clerk got the song apd put it before .her. "Now," said the young lady, "I want ' Wandering Icfuigee." "Now, ' Kiss Me,'" said the young lady, meaning, of course, the song above. men tined. . SThe poor cler's eyes almost popped fire as hc-looked at the young ladly in astonish ment, for he.was not aware of the fact that a song by that, naliue had been.written. " WI h-lat didt you say, mniss " "' Kiss Me,' " said she. "I can't dlo it, miss ; I never kissed a young lady in my life," said tihe cleik. About that time an veil dropped, a younig ladly left i,; a hurry, tihe clerk felt sick, and the proprietor lost tihe sale of some music. HE COULDN'T GET HER - CUSTOM. "IT's funny,"'said thie youig man who had just opened a grocery store in the neighbourhoodl "that I can't get that woman's custom. I've gone out of my way to be pleasant to her,:and she won't evemn look in here any more." " Wasn'nt she ever in here ?" asked the customer. - "Once,"- replied thtl'c young man, "and I treated her the best I knew how. She had her little boy with her, and lie was tickled to death with the little white mouse I have in the cage on the front counteir." " And she?" ' "Oh, she liked it, too. She said it was a pretty little thing, and iseemed to enjoy his pleasure in watching its antics. So I just tihought I'd clinch mattess, and I took it out of the cage and put? it on the floor. It's tame, you know. Anti the boy was perfectly delighted." " And the mother ?" " She saidt it was one of the cutest tlhings she ever saw, but she eat right down on a stool and tpulled her dress close about the ankles, anid pretty sron she hlid got hold of the boy, and backed out of the doort with him. She said sbh was: over so much obliged to me, but she looked sort of pale, and hlasn't been in helrse since. Funny, isni't it,: when I tried to he so iice to her '' TIlE L/t'N \WOMIEN ADMIIRE. \\\WE admir the man who believes we know. more about housekeeping thtan, lie does. \Ve aldmnire the man who will be kind to a girl's gr-andlmotlier when the girl is llnot at hlome. \'e admhlire the mnan -wllh asks olur advice soir.e~tines and abidtles by what intuition te.chies us. We admire the man who has the tact *to admtnire as. woman's dainty ntckwear as well as a new goii-. \We admire a man who dloe*i not spend mIll his Itolley on tobacco ind uuiie, but saves sonice for rcandy and llowuers. \W\e adiire it marn who Jas plenty of muscle and has yet suficieni tenderness to nurac a woiian's headache. We admire a man who talks seasibly to us, and who thinks we appreciate something more lithan mere tlattery. In fact, we admire a man who is manly, mentally and physically, who is generous and kind, who reverences womeln a generial and one in particedar. CONSOLATORyY. If you're nob pretty whenl you're young, This consolation hold: That in some fifty year, or so You will be pretty old, A knotty problent-,fri 4 Q lj foF?tg oglan YCJTe!#ri,-: ,_ ;'."*. ?.{ 