SIX MONTHS IN THE GRANDE CHARTREUSE. Articles about the Grande Chartreuse from the outside and cursory observations by passing travellers are common enough ; but it is not often that we have the opportunity of reading intimate impressions from inside. Tins, how ever, is what is given us by a writer in the March number of the Dublin Review who spent six months recently at the monastery as a novice ':— The novice's accpunt of his experiences be gins with the ceremony of introduction to the cloister. 'Don Julian (the novice master) washed and kissed my feet, reciting the Mise rere, and then shod me in the manner peculiar to the order, -that is, in stockings of thick flan nel, terminating in gaiters, over which were drawn flannel slippers, and finally a pair of equare-toed, thick-soled shoes. Human inge nuity, by the end of the eleventh century, had not yet devised a garment that should be stocking and sock in one, and conservative in this as in other points of greater importance, the Carthusians still follow the fashions of that far-off epoch.' In this ceremony there is of course religious symbolism. The pilgrim arriving from the world soiled and stained 'puts his shoes from off his feet, for the place whereon he standeth is holy ground;' but, 'like all the vestments now devoted to exclusively religious uses by the Catholic Church, the divided stocking of the Carthusian, to-day fraught with monastic meaning, was originally the ordinary garment of the world at large.' The Carthusian's 'cell' is not so much a cell as a cottage. On the ground floor there are two rooms, one of which is a workshop con taining carpenters' tools and a turning-lathe ; the other is stocked with wood, which the recluse has to cut up for his fire. Upstairs there are three rooms — an ante-room (fur nished with a few prints, a crucifix, and a statue), a living room with bed, and a tiny library with just room for bookcase, chair, and table. In addition to the rooms described each monk's 'reserve' contains a passage, 40 ft. by 12 ft., which serves as hia exercise ground when the weather makes garden work impossible. Each monk has a small garden, in which he can spend one and a half hours' recreation after dinner. The living-room is the real celL In it from five to seven hours daily are spent in solitary prayer and study. A plain crucifix and a few devotional prints are its only ornaments; its furniture a stall and prie-dieu, a wooden bedstead, asmall table, a stove, and a chair. The Carthusian's order of the day has often been described. There is more novelty in the menu of his dinner. The dinner hour is noon, and our novice's bill of fare was as follows : — Soup, fish, eggs, vegetables, cheese, butter, and fruit, washed down by a bottle of pure red Burgundy. The supper (4.30 p.m.) consists generally of an omelette and a little salad and fruit. The Carthusian feeds, as he lives, in solitude. Only on feast days are meals taken in the refectory. Onoe a week, however, the rule of solitude and silence is broken, and the monks go out in two companies for a walk and talk among the hills. They chat merrily of their progress in singing or at the turning-lathe. They revive the memories of early days or discuss their studies. But even in their walks they do not forget their - task of perpetual prayer and devotion. '' A young monk will mount on a boulder and relate in simple language some events from the life of a saint ;' or they will 'kneel down and pray a little, and then, a happy inspiration occurring to one of us, he intones the Ave Maria Stella, which we all take up.' Every tourist who visits the Grande Chart reuse is taken to hear the midnight mass from the strangers' gallery. Here is our novice's account of_ it from the choir: — 'At mid night, while men are plunged either in sleep or feverishly pursuing the pleasures of sin with their infinite sadness, the Carthusian wends his lonely way through the chill cloisters to the church, where he unites with his brethren in gravely modulated chant. The monks have entered and taken their places, and are standing white and motionless in their stalls ; the church is in darkness except for the faint glimmer of the sanctuary lamp. At length the prior gives the signal, and through' the silence of the night rises the pathetic, ever lasting cry of the children of men to their Father in Heaven, ' O God, incline unto mine aid ;' the deep-toned voices of the community continue the inspired words, ' Lord, hasten to n-y help;' and then, profoundly bowing in lowjy admiration, ' Glory be to the Father, to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' And for two hours and more in alternate psalm and canticle these men of God will plead the cause of their brothers before the Throne of Infinite Mercy.' ^^^^^_^_^__^ 