Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRETTO." The future historian of these troublous times will probably be puzzled when he conies across stray allusions to "the Red Spectre." Knowing that this was a period when ghosts were looked upon askance and spectres regarded as shadowy impossibilities, be will pause in wonder that the legislators of the country, presumably men of credibility, should refer to this brilliant apparition as a reality. He will look in vain for a key to the allusions in whioh the Bed Spectre appears. Tbo uuoanny presence is always enveloped in murky oloads, and nowhere is his local habitation or his genealogy made plain. The historian will have to turn to more remote times when the shadowy world was held more in awe to discover how Queensland in its early history oarne to acquire a spectre of its own. Tbo historical origin of this particular ghost may be traced with some certainty. The Tuileries, tho ancient home of the Frenoh kings, possessed a ghost who was known as " the lied Man." He used to bo seen at dead of night leaning in a sombre fashion with folded arms over the staircases or at one of the great windows overlooking Paris. He was last seen during the Commune. Soon afterwards tbo first glare of the incendiary fire which reduced the palace to a heap of rains lit up the evening sky. No one has seen "the Bed Man" since. The only presumption that tho historian can arrive at is that he find to Queensland, and under the name of "the Red Speotre" onbe more devoted himself to incendiarism. There are certain musical instruments that are peculiarly fitted for use in connection with Divine service as aids to the sentiment of worship. The harp is associated with all oar earliestideas of Hebrew psalmody, and we are so prone to think of it as the instrument of praiso that we even carry forward the idea into a future state and picture a golden harp as a portion of the necessary equipment of the blest. The organ has been found even more fittingly serviceable for sacred music, and ha 3 in fact so completely superseded the harp as an adjuvant to worship that it is probably only the bulk and weight of it that prevent the mind from regarding it as a portion of the outfit of a celestial chorister. Other instruments of various kinds have also been made use of in church servioe, but the two named have hitherto been regarded a3 par excellence the orchestral appliances of the church. To these two, how ever, must now be added a third —the Scottish bagpipes. I had always imagined that the dis like of the Scotch to instrumental music in public worship was due not so much to their aversion to Popish contrivances in general as to their exclusive and jealous attachment to their own national instrument, which, however, was so wholly given over to pibroohs, Blrath- Bpeys, reels, and such like incitements of the old Adam that they could not for very shame's sake bring it into the kirk. But it seems I was altogether wrong. The pipes have been tried in a church—a cathedral, no less—and have been found delightfully expressive of the most sacred sentiments. At a military servioe recently held in York Cathedral a band of eight High land pipers played a Lament as "an integral part of the anthem." The effect is described as "infinitely touching and beautiful." The success was so great, indeed, that we may look on the incident as the first stage of a general fashion. I can conceive nothing more perfect than the groans of the bagpipes as an aocom paniment to the penitential psalms. There are portions of the ordinary service in which the sentiment would not only be assisted bat greatly intensified by the skirl of the pipes. I doubt, though, if they will ever supersede the harp in oar pictures of the saints. The pipes are mentally inseparable from the kilt or the " trews," and these are repugnant to the saintly idoal. By the way, was it with a prophetio view to the ultimate adoption of the bagpipe into the Bervioe of the English Church that the execu tive portion of it is called " tbo chanter"? The principles of Justioe as understood in New Zealand arc of rather a peculiar obaraoter. If you may judge from the aotion of the Wellington Bench in a case of illegal betting that recently came before it, it is there assumed that if an offender has for co-operators in his offence " persons engaged in the administration of the law" he is only two-fifths as guilty as he would have been if he had acted without such co-operation. That appears to be the lesson taught by the result of the suit of Begina v. Martin, of Wellington, for illegally laying totalisator odds. Martin's solicitor pointed out that in the defendant's books would be found the names of police officers, justices of the peace, and "other persons engaged in the administration of the law," and he considered that Martin was justified in assuming that anything they did was not illegal. The presiding magistrate thought so too, and announced that whereas he had intended to fine the defendant £50 he would, in consideration of this miti gating circumstance, impose a fine of only £20. "Here's comfortable doctrine!" I sincerely trust it will be made as widely known as possible—always supposing that the prinoiple holds good for New Zealand only. If it once gets hold of the criminal mind that there is a blessed country where the penalty for illegal acts is reduced by three-fifths if it can be shown that beaks or bobbies have done the like we may look for a convergence of crime towards that happy spot that will mean a grateful riddance to w». •'// it can bo shown" ! I should like to know what offence against the New Zealand Statutes has not been condoned by the example of justices of the peace, polioeman, and other " porsons engaged in the administration of the la*' ! I am a groat acttnirer of Bishop Barlow, but rot of the speech he made the other evening at a " Church Social" at Charters Towers. It was a dancing "social," moreover, and, of all things most inappropriate, it entered into the Bishop's head to speak in defenoe of—l won't say the morality—the non- immorality of dancing. That was certainly not like Bishop Barlow's tact. Here were a number of blooming girls, to say nothing of their male complements, all dressed in their best, and assembled together for the express purpose of dancing, and the still more express purpose of being danced with, and the presiding genius of the festival initiated the function with a speeoh designed to convince them that what they were about deliberating to do was —not wrong! It was simple and harm less, he said, and it all depended on " the way in which it was appreciated." He even went the length of saying that he was sure they were " animated with purity of purpose." To the pure all things were pure, and so on—but oh Bishop, Bishop, did you ever do anything so gauche in all your life? The poor groom had no idea there was such a thing as greasing his horse's oats till his con lessor—but you know the story. What I know is that if a girl's consent to dance with me were at all influenoed by her Bishop's assuranoe that it was not wrong I should much prefer, if I knew what wa3 passing in her mind, to leave her alone to ponder within herself both sides of the question in full detail. And I would look about for a natural girl to whom it would not occur to think whether danoing was right or wrong any more than it would ooour to her to consider the question of whether it was pure or impure to masticate her food. 