PRAHRAN CITY COUNCIL Monday, May 1G. Present — Mayor Maddock, (in the chair,) .'Crs Turner, Edgcumbe, Jones, Ellis. Forbes, Fuller, Osment, Watson, Davies. skinner, and Muntz. The rainntes of the Jest regular meeting, and of the conference with Richmond were read and confirmed. CORRESPONDENCE. MISCELLANEOUS An application for a license for a shooting saloon had already been granted by the Mayor under conditions, and his action, and that of the Town Clerk were approved of. The Town Clerk of Melbourne wrote in reference to a complaint from the council concerning insufiicient closet accommodation at a house where there was typhoid, and jnclofied their inspec tor's report in the inatter, — Referred to the Health committee. Notification was sent of a deputation to the Minister for Rail ways w increased fares. Tbe Town Clerk of St Kilda wrote that the matter of a pitched crossing on the Dandenong-road at Hornsby street had been referred to the Works committee. The hou. sec. of the CrOche thanked the council for remitting the rates on the same. FEVEE CAMP. '. : The Town Clerk of St Kilda, as secy, of the fever camp conference, called at tention to a riieeting of the coijfenenco to consider the question of 6torage for the tents. Cr Turner was appointed dele gate. THE SOUTH YARRA FELLMONGERY An application was made for a license for the South Yarra fellmon- gery, the applicants promising to put the premises in repair, and to conduct the business in a thoroughly efficient manner, so that there should be no nuisance. They would employ a large number of men. Referred to the Legislative com mittee. A petition was received from Dr. Dobson and forty other residents and ratepayers in the vicinity protesting against the above application, on the ground that the works would be a standing menace to the health of the residents, and a grevions nuisance, and also would injure the value of the pro perty there. *' Made an order of the day for the next meeting. HAWKSBURN-ROAD. A petition from Mr Fret well and others for asphalting on the east side ♦f Hawksburn-road was made an order of the day for next meeting. REPORTS. FINANCE. This committee reported as fol lows :— £ 8 D Ber.-eipts ? 2895 1 0 Balance l-r... ... ... 746 17 4 Payments recommended .., 37-i3 19 f. £lncludingsnking fund payments) ' ' Loan No. 2 ? ' 1506 4 11 . . and No. 3... ... 1203 0 0) Also that having made enquiries into the circumstances under which the j&weofyls;'W. 'S.^penceVas omitted from th'e electoral roll, find that the officers of the council took the neces sary steps to have such name placed upon the roll, by serving notice of such omission upon _ the electoral insp^c ?*«: i..-., ? ' ,-K '\i;;;j ? ^l' .'.' Cr Skinner called attention to an item, ' Gas conference expanses, £90 4s 2d,' and wanted to know what it was for. He attended the conference as delegate thrfe months ago, a cam-, mittee was\apf-oin.$ld, and^pfcw he b^aa' lost the run of it, and all they heard wag £90, , / , ,f i ? y , . -J ?; 1 ??TDetTo«nlfClerk 'expla'ineS that the' contribution was obligatory bv Act of Parliament^ 3 73 W ' , 'fkC W0KK9 COMMITTE'E. This committee recommended—'* ' 1\. , That the tender of Mr C. Curl son' at '-khA l'3s T5d for contract, ^C,, pitching etc., lane off EUesmere-road be accepted. 2\. That the J:ajpavement of^.ioot ways inj:-3£ti!!j-j?!|ce J& jQ'ntfjja$ to? the pitchers at a cost not exceeding £2, and . thttftjie.- citv pury.^gr fep^t qn the general coriditioL: of footways in that street. 3- ?- (thai; ,^he fcou;;}«ji .3i|»bfci|y{ n H liability' fri respect to tiie accident occurring to .an,, eoiploje of Mew^s. Wnite and Co., whilst driving along Baleigh-Btt-we; Windsor. . : 4, That Mr J. H. Flack be inform edjtbis council -is not present undertak ing worfcs pf tree planting in the fltrectSjbut'no objedtiori Wijl buffered to owners of property' ebmbi hi ng'ttf plant trees in front of their properties, unjler the direction and control of the city surveyor, 5 That the contract of Messrs J. and W, Marshall, accepted condition ally by the Shire council of Malvern for re-forming and metalling Kooyong road, for the sum of £74 10s be ap proved, and this council undertake to contribute oae half of such amount irom maintenance vote. V C that with respect to the applica tion of Messrs Brian and Co., for a re consideration of the resolution of the 2nd May inSt., repudiating liability for alleged damages in street accident. Osborne-street, such resolution be ad hered to. 7;, That MrChas. D'Ebro be re quested to inform, the council as to why the hall in the market buildings was not constructed in respect to means of ingress and egress and ventilation in sucli manner as to comply 'with the re quirements of the Board of Public Health, dealing with public buildings, and that he be further requested to offei suggestions as to iKe best method of meeting tbe objections raised by such board in the matter. CECIL TLACE. Cr Da vies objected to item No. 2. It was scandalous that they couldn't get 132 feet of kerbing on an impor tant street like this. He understood that there was a man put on now to dress kfirbstoncg, and moved as an amendment that it be referred back. Cr Osment seconded. He objected to doing a mean thing like this, which would make the street like a pig with one ear. Cr Edgcumbe pointed out that doing the asphalting on the pitching would make it come on a slant. The amendment was lost, and the recommendation carried. THE MAB&ETS.; On the last item, tbe Mayor said when the markets were finished it was found that certain requirements to en able the hall to be passed by the Board of Health had not been complied with. Correspondence ensued, and they founrj that it would cost about £100 to make the necessary alterations. The hall 3ould not be use.l at all now, and as the architect was aware of the require ments of the Board, the works com mittee thought it wise to ask for an ex planation. This and other recommendations were agreed to. HKAI.TH COMMITTEE. This committee's report was entirely of routine recommendations. Cr Forbes complained of unneces sary verbiage clauses in the report. The Town Clerk explained that the clauses were specially prepared en lines drawn up by the city solicitor. MISCELLANEOUS. THE HEETIXG Or PROTEST. The Mayor reported that he had pre' sided on the previous Friday at a meet* ing of certain ratepayers at the Town Hall, and that he was requested, as chairman, to convey to the council the first resolution: (This appears in the report of the meeting in another column.) The resolution included every,. one of the council, and he had great pleasure in conveying it to the council. Cr Turner proved that the report be revived. (Cr Jone6 : u and acted on.') Hewas told that there were some 600 there. As an indignation meeting, he was justified jn thidking that all those opposed were drummed up, and had a right to conclude that of the 8000 ratepayers on the rolls, the other 7400 supported the council's action. These wav.es of party spirit were of an ephe m^l,*Ti8racter,B8 was ^rorecJ-by tbe fact of the meetings last year, in. spite of wiiich Cr Muntz was reelected H« believed that his action met the views of the majority of the constituency vhioh hefepresented. # fc.0* Bkyanerf thought i the meeting deserred great respect, and its irapor jat|C^: 8upjul£ .infta/»pge,$ie council' to rts'cirld their decision. r.. Cji Muntz.cpmmented on the cxcel 3HtI?P»dfcsJaC&ejmeeJ.jng;, and was sorry that more councillors were not ,tljere.; ;/He hadn't intended to be on the platform, but went down to test the aooustie .properties of the hall. . Or Forbes didn't care a snap of the fingers for any public.jmee(;ipg;;^gaiDSt the council. It was his business to do his duty and let the^llot box do the ?jfcsU -I WittiJall irespfeee to^he- Mayor, the latter shouldn't have calle.i the ; Ojeetiog, as the thing had been done, and it only gave political men a chance to barang-jeH ;,H;e tbpoconiinented/at length on an ; allege^ garbled report in lhh&rg;%*9? tli? ?ubJ«ct.^ ., . ., -, , ; .Ur/SlfiiSJer rose io-;a poitot'of»c»rder whether J£r ..Forbes -pa.s speaking to the question. The M'ayor'rulad'thatCr Forbes was in xjrder,.;-. ?/:;?-:- ,-i /. '-. .: ,': ?. i r, ??: Cr Forbe^jdiscussed), the matter at length, pointing out that while the bustness^pf- private ; firms wae decreas ing^ that of the couacil ivas increasing on account of new duties imposed by fresh legislation. Cr Jones denied Cr Turner's in ferences drawn from the number of those at the meeting, which he con tended was a fair representative gather ing. He thought it the duty of every councillor to pay heed ta expressions of feeling of meetings of this kind. He thought it a pity that the council couldn't have considered the interests of the ratepayers as expressed by these two influential meetings. The Mayer Baid as long as he occu pied his present position, no matter what the subject was, if the ratepayers came to him and signed a memorial in the reqimitenumber, heshouldcalla meeting. v The ratepayers had a per fect right to express their opinions, and say what they liked. So far as this meeting was concerned, it was almost an ideal meeting. The speakers were definite, and they paid all possible re spect to the chair. Let the ratepayers have tlieirsay, and more power to them. As to the practical result, how many were ratepayers, he couldn't say. But he would recall that things in the past that had been most opposed had proved of the greatest benefit to the city. The gratuities question last year had as its outcome the establishment of mini mum and maximum salaries, and the doing away with gratuities, and although at present a number in Windsor were opposed to it, he believed that a major ity, would support him if he went out to-morrow. Until the schedule deve loped itself, he thought condemnation should be withheld. Cr Turner said if he'd had a ghost of an idaa that the meeting would have heard him speak, he would have been there. He owed no allegiance outside of Toorak, and he didn't call that a -, influential meeting which hooted the Mayor. As to the increases, the for age allowance of £20 to the assistant inspector was absolutely necessary to save the city from being decimated by typhoid. The Mayor's report was then re ceived, THE nir.H-STF.EET TEAM. Cr Jones enquired what was being done abeut this. He had an idea that something must be done within a cer tain time. Cr Muntz said that Cr Forbes, ex-Cr Clarke, of Malvern, ^and himself had made a survey of tbe route, and he had made a tracing of it, and that the com pany were making enquiries in America with a view to an electric tram. The company could not at present expend money on a new line, but if the coun cils could see their way to find the money through a guarantee of the in terest and sinking fund, the company would go on earlier. If they could get an electric tram, it would be an attrac tion and a success. There was nothing tangible to report now. As to the Sme, there was no limit. Cre Muntz, Turner, and Forbes were deputed to ' watch the case.' QUESTIONS OF PEIVILEGL. Cr Turner called attention to a letter in the Age on (Saturday maligning the council by saying that its employes only got 6s for 5 days a week, and the stonebreakers 2s »*ton. This state ment b- characterised as utterly un true, The laborers got ?s per day for 5 days, and the stonebreakers 2s 6d. Cr Skinner, in referen;e to the re port in the Argus, which Cr Forbes had attacked, considered it a perfectly fair one,and thought it an unj ust reflection on the representative of the paper to say that the report was untrue or garb led. Cr Jones asked what authority there was for the statement of one or two Richmond councillors that Prahran had agreed to advance the money for Richmond's shaaepf the Burnley bridge for% yeirs freei oPinterest. ?*-' Cr Turner said that there was not a word of truth in .the statement. ORDERS OF THE DAY. TABRA FLOODS BOAED. Cr Muntz said that the chairman of the Board of TVorks bad brought the matter before the (seryerage committee of ihat board, and «? conference had been convened for Thursday week, of the thunlcip'aiities interested. '? 'On bis f suggestion, the Mayor, Crs: Turner,and Muntzi with the surveyor, were, deputed to attend. ,, Cr Jones wag, ;glad- that the matter had be :n taken in hand, and something might be done before the ntxt flood. t ^EJJoVjAt ] Ql') KK IJT BOIlj. , C. Turner said that the necessary sfc-ps in tlyi* m.a»eA had' been: takSn? an4 ,.thekorJj£ ,was, popfepned. fctffcfr teen davs. k ., ,.. ; ? J-t-i:-;: v. -'£?:??£-. MUNICIPAL ASSOCIATION. . ^j&e; f)lwiS' said * 'H&k;^e \$&pkfi; item of the last conference was that steps were being token .to fikuje :fh6l Association on a firmer bas'ieTVnd one that would,1 Jiis more lis'efu! towie muni cipriitie&Li; ???.? .?;'..;,? town ;hacl stage accommodation. The Town Clerk said that the sub committee had been appointed on the subject. The matter was therefore postponed for fourteen days for their report. LAMrs AND METAL. Petitions for lighting AirlieJlM Mil* lfceht Avenues were , referred flgF thai next allocation of lamps and di&t; for metalling the latter to the public-Works committee. INCREASE OF RAILWAY I'ABES. The Mayor said that at the interces sion of Mr Keys, M.L. A., tbe Minister bad consented to receive a deputation on Wednesday. . . Cr Davies questioned whether this council should join in the deputation. It was the only one within 10 miles of Melbourne that was at tbe conference, and the increase affected Prahrau very little. On the contrary, it was bringing a large number of people back into the city. He had let more houses the last week than in three months Lefore, to people living in Elsternwick and other places affected. In a time like bhis when there were difficulties to overcome, they ought to be equal to the occasion, and assist the Govern ment. If another ministry* were in jffice, they would be unanimous, but aecause it was a Liberal Ministry, tbe ;ouncillors said, ' down with them.' ['No, no.') Cr Forbes Eaid that Cr Davies' argu ment only affected vne parttsf Prahran. sut in the eastern part there was a arge increase. It was improper for :hem to take the burden of political, ines. Those lines which opened up he country, and developed its re lonrces shouldn't be expected to pay. Cr Skinner agreed. The action of ihe Government was a breach of Faith. Cr Muntz thougnt the general revenue should bear the brunt. As to ihe effect on Prahran, he could not en 3orse the narrow views of a local' joutr nal. The poliey of the Government was bad, and the effect would be just the opposite to what was intended. Cr Jones was against the increase. There might be a gain to one part of Prahran, but how about the eastern portion 9 The report was adopted. RATING OK TRAMS CONFERENCE. The Mayor reported that the court cases had been adjourned for four weeks »nd a committee of the councils bad been appointed to interview the tram company, and try to arrive at an amic able settlement in the meantime. The council then rose. Ah Mouy Bros, pare teas. Specially selected of the choicest kind. As we import directly from the leading planta tions of China, India, and Ceylon, those who purchase teas from us may rely upon receiving excellent value for their money, as none but the finest and best quality teas are kept. Our teas when once tried, will always be preferred. At wholesale price, Is., le 3d., Is 6d., and Is 9d pe pound. In lib. paoketB, and boxe of Gibs. 1211)6., and 201 bs. Half chests of 32lbs at a reduction of Id -per pound. Delivered free of clmrgeto any suburban address or railway station in Victoria. , All orders to be accompanied with' remittance. ' Note' address— 212 . SwaxsTox . STaEET, Mel bourne. 