THE SILENT SEA. BY " ANT.VRLO.": Author of " An Australian Girl." BOOK II. CHAPTER XV.—Concluded. After what seemed long hours, but was in reality only a few minutes, Doris found herself on the ground, her hands outspread on the couch, and her head resting on them. She tried to remember how she had come there, and looked round the room with startled eyes. Nothing was changed. There was the little flannel nightgown she had been searing for one of the Connell children on the wicker gipsy table; above her hung the picture of the beautiful old English home in which her mother was born; her mother's water-colours of Ouranie were where she had arrayed thsm on the opposite wall; near her, on the low bookcases, were the radiant flowers, but at the sight of these a terrible sorrow seized her. Moaning like a creature stabbed to the heart, she covered her face with her hands and began to tremble like an aspen leaf in the wind. " Burnt to death! burnt to death !" The words turned into scarlet letters around her. But as the horror and tearless anguish were again half-lost in a creeping stupor, the Bound of approaching footsteps reached her. There was a gentle knock at the open door. " Is there any one here?" smd a well-known voice : and then there was a quick exclamation —a low cry of alarm. For a moment Doris hardly dared to believe her ears, hardly dared to look, fearing she was betrayed by one of those happy dreams, that fled when one was fully awake. But this vision was too eager, too much alive, and too robust, to be lightly spirited away. It was Victor—not indeed scatheless, for one arm was in a sling, and one side of his face wa-i darkly flushed, where it had been winnowed by the fiery breath of flame. He stood for a moment transfixed with that low cry on his lips, and the look of sudden alarm £bat had come into his eye3 on first catching sight of Doris lying with her head against the couch, her face rigid and jrhite as if in a swoon. The next moment he was by her side helping her to rise. "You have hurt yourself? you are ill, Doris?" be cried, looking a.t her. as she leant back on the couch, her faco still deadly pile, and a strange, strained look in her eyes. " Perhaps it is you who.are ill, not Mr. Challoner, as I heard in the office to day. But where are the rest ? Why are you all alone, looking so dreadfully pale ?" he said, looking around, for it was not yet 10. And as his first affright passed away the wonder of it all grew upon him. "No, lam not ill; I am better,"answered Doris in a low, feeble voice. It was all too sudden; the revulsion from the horror and anguish which had overwhelmed fcer was too great at first to permit her to feel or think. For a few moments she was only conscious that the terrible misery was unreal. Here was Victor, but with no vital nurt. Tha v olence of the reaction shook her almost as much as the brutal tidings. But gradually a great and solemn gladness put new life into her failing pulses. "You have come!" she said, looking up at him with the dawn of a smile as he stood before her. his face full of wondering anxiety. The fact was so obvious that one might deem the words little to the purjxise. But they were spoken with a thrill of gladness that woke a strange happiness in Victor's heart. " You were not very badly hurt, after all ?'' she Eaid, looking from" his flushed cheek to his bandsged arm. " Oh, very little—it is nothing. But, Doris, does Mrs. Challoner know that you have been so ill? You are trembling even noiv, and your hands are quite cold," he added, touching them as tbpy lay folded over the end of the co-.ich. " No, no one knows . . . and I am nearly quite Well." "Had you- fainted? Did anything alarm you 5" He was looking at her intently, and saw that at the question a faint wave of colour slowly overspread her face. Her eyes deepened with unshed tears, which gave a blurred, misty outline to all around her. She felt as if a great gulf of unknown emotion threatened to overpower her. She shrunk, she knew not why, from recalling the words that had overpowered her with such horror. " I will tell Mrs. Challoner you are hers. I know she would like to see you," she said, rising. But her gait was a little unsteady. She leant on Victor's offered arm till she reached the door of the sick-room. " Please don't frighten her about me. You see, I am well now," she iu an almost inaudible whisper as lie turned back. Two minutes later shere- fiitcred the siiting- ••ccm with Mrs. Challoner. " Oh. you were at the fire •—you have been Iiurt V 1 cried the latter, as soo& kt she eight of him. And then the story of the fire was gone over p.e far as Victor knew it. He had gone with 'Zilla Jenkins to the Saturday concert. " I got Roby to let me play my tune the first thing, as I wanted to come up at ones to see if there was anything I could do for you here. I heard through the doctor that Mr. Challoner was down with the fever. Before I finished there was a great cry of fire, and we all rushed out pell-mell. It must have been going on for some time before it was noticed. West, it seems, had been drinking rather heavily; he was in bed most of the day, and his wife was in the bar" "Oh, poor thing! Was she hurt at all? Was any one injured besides you?" asked Mrs. Challoner, anxiously. _" Yes, the landlord. It must have been in his room the fire began. He was behind the bar in the wooden part of the house, which was as dry as chips. They noticed a strong smell of burning, but they thought it came from some rubbish-heaps the ostler set on fire towards sunset in the back yard. When the flames broke out beyond the room where the fire began they could do nothing 'but run out for their lives" "Then didn't West give the alarm?" "He never came out at all," answered Victor, in lowered tones, glancing anxiously towards Doris. "He was burnt to death?"said Mrs. Challoner, in horror-stricken tones. " Yes: and the people who were in the bar had only ju«t time to clear out. Soire door or partition gave way, and the flames swept over it like an avalanche. The bar and all the back part of the house was one mass of flames when we reached the place from the schoolroom. Mrs. West was struggling to get away from some people to rash into the house for her little boy. They thought he was in the same room with his father. But, fortunately, I happened to know that he was in an end room of the stone part of the house. Dick and I were rather chummy, poor little chap! The house was all at sixes and sevens for a day or two back—the cook gone, a dazed housemaid in the kitchen, and Mrs. West having to see to the bar. This evening, while I was having tea about 7, Dick came in in his nightdress from a little room that opened out of the diningroom. He had been put to bed early so as to be out ot the way, but he said he wasn't * s'eepy,' and so he had some tea with me, and then went back to bed. I got in through the dining-room window all right, but by the time I got back with Dick a spark through the open window had set the curtains on fire. I had to tear them down before I could get out with him" " Oh, Mr. Fitz- Gibbon, you saved the poor child at the risk of your own life !" said Mrs. Challoner, looking at the young man with beaming eyes. "There wasnotmuch risk, really."answered Victor. " The great thing was that I knew where the poor little beggar slept. The smoke was getting rather bad in his room, but the dining-room was very little on fire when I went in. " But your cheek is a little hurt, and your arm perhaps very much," said Doris, speaking for the first time, with an adorable little quiver in her voice and a dove-like, melting softness in her eyes. "Well, and that was through stupidity," said Victor, whu could hardly help laughing aloud for sheer light-heartedness. He would in truth have endured twenty times as much pain for the sake of hearing that faltering intonation. "As I pulled the curtains down, I let the burning edge of one brush my face and coatsleeve. It must have been on fire for some little time before any one noticed it, and then when I pulled it off my shirtsleeve flared up. But Dr. Magann dressed the burn for me after I had taken Dick to the Olsens' place. That is where he and his mother have found shelter. Mrs. Olsen is Mrs. West's sister. . . . And I have had the offer of being boarded by the amiable Scroogs," said Victor, with a Finite. Scroogs was a man who kept a large, rough boarding-house at Colmar. He had been twice fined within the last two months for sly grogselling and for riotous goings on at his establishment. "But you must not go there; the place is not fit for you. We can very well manage to board you heie," said Airs. Challoner. It goes without saying that) this arrangement had great charms for Victor, only he was loath to add to the cares of the household at this juncture. Finally, they compromised the matter by arranging that he should breakfast and dine in the evening at Stonehouse. He could easily manage about lunch in his office, on week-days. " But you must be careful—you should not irritate your arm. I mu6t have a look at the burn to-morrow," said Mrs. Challoner, with motherly solicitude. " Oh, it is nothing ; it will be all right in a day or two. Fortunately, it's my left arm," answered Victor. But though he made light of the part he had played in the catastrophe, no one else at Colmar—with perhaps one exception—was disposed to follow suit The risk he had run and the hurt he had received were both much exaggerated. Bridget was not the only one who consigned him to an untimely grave, it was found to be a kind of artistic emotion to say that he had been burnt alive. The next day being Sunday, their was leisure to dwell on all the harrowing details, and there was a j constant stream of enquirers :it Stonehouse as • to Victor's condition. The first to arrive was Mick, who would not be satisfied with | Bridget's assurance that the "young gintleman j was just like a May daisy, and 'ating a hearty I breakfast—glory be to God !" She had offered j Victor her own congratulations on his safety, j with the e oquenco of her race, maintaining a • discreet silence as to her too ready belief in his mortality. If I might make so bould, I would like to shake habnds wid you, Mr. 1' itz-Gibbnn," said Mick, when Victor came out to see him at the back door. " Why, Mick, one would think I had been singed all over like a plucked hen, to beat you . i,e:ik eo t-olemiiiy." tfiid Victor, laughing, as te : heck the littie man's band. " Indacie, sor, seme &v; thim made me l.vlave tliat a singed fowl was a fool to tbe shtate ye v. or in. I was sound ashlape through it all in li y litlle tint, and whin I cot up and wint out, the f;r.-t mahv. I met was Ben Combrie, •ii ti the flure av the Colmar Arms in the sky j i:i,e this day av judgmint. And two min n ; tt< ti in ihc- fiames, Eays he—the landlord and the yjuner." "But surely you know Ben Combiie's gift for spying the iljing that is not, Mick?" " 1 do. tor—none bettiier—but ye cahnt thriiEt him tven at the loving, for lc sometimes ttll the trut r.iid shjijjs you up whin you lapte iy.pict it—and the half was thrue. Poor Witht his wife will mourn, though maybe widout reason, and we all sorrow for the good grog—'twas a sinful wathte! And here's a tiligraph for ye, sor : I met the boy coming up, and I thought I might as well save him. It came latht night in the middle of t,he COJIbnehtan. Ee mintioned loikewise, tor, that the choild ye saved out av the flames was running a'-out as hearty as a young wallaby this niarsiiig, though the poor mother is lying Fpscfccinrs crying on the poor onadhan that spbiit hircself and the good grog intoirly. 'Tis loikelv the fuueral will bo early tomorrow." CHAPTER XVI. " I wocds-r if this is something further ab out the cavercoui," thought Victor turning the telrgram o\ tr, as hr went into his own room with it. _ By Saturday's mail a letter had reached him from his uncle, telling him that instructions had been sent to Trevaskis to have the late Msn.igers effects removed, and afford the purser full scope to investigate the cavity on behalf of the Company. The delay in answering Victor's letter had txen caused by Mr. Drummond's absence in Tasmania. Wi thin half an hour of the reeeipfc of this Trevaskis had come into the office with aa open letter in Lis hand. " I suppose you have had instructions about this' he eaid, m a tone pitched at a deliberate calmness, yet with a curious vibration underlying it, of strong emotion. Victor, in reply, lead the portion of hi3 unclo's letter which dealt with the matter. " I can't possibly have the things removed for a day or two," said Trevaskis in accents which suddenly jumped by a note above the dhpason of his usual voice. There was an odd smothered fierceness in his mauner that made Victor suddenly look at him with enquiring wonder. It seemed as if the man had aged by years in the past few weeks. Perhaps, considering all the circumstances, the change was not surprising. For nine consecutive nights he had worked in the caveroom, his eyes gradually getting worse. At the end of that time he was unable to str.op, or read, or walk in the sunshine, without torturing throbs of pain in the eyeballs. The doctor, whom be at last unwillingly consulted, strongly urged him to co away from the mine for a change. "Why, man, you'll blind yourself," he said two days later, exasperated into brutal frankness by the patient's obvious disregard of his instructions. At the words, a sudden cold dread f hot through the Manager's mind. For the next eight days and nights he rested almost absolutely. Once in the twenty-four hours he went below, and took a turn all rcund the Mine. For the rest of the day he sat m his room with the blinds down. When solitude and enforced idleness became unbearable, he would go into the caveroom and gloat over bis bars of shining gold—each one worth close on nine hundred pounds. Then he would pace about in the obscurity of the place, pausing at the spots where the great bottles of amalgam that were still untouched lay bidden. "Oh, if Dan would only comeif Dan would only come 1" he would sometimes say at such times half aloud. He TTfls not one who indulged much in the habit of addressing remarks to himself audibly; but the constant strain of anxiety, of harassing uncertainty as to whether he could after all secure this treasure, culminated at times in fits of such intense restlessness, that to walk about speaking to himself in the solitude and obscurity of the caveroom afforded him a certain relief. But Dan's coming was indefinitely delayed. He wrote to say that he had been stupid enough "to get upon the spree," and that when he was getting over this he had a feverish attack. He was now in the hospital and the doctors wouldn't tell him when he could get out, but he hoped he would soon be well enough to travel. This might mean the delay of a few days or weeks. It might mean that Dan would not come till it was too late; for in a oouple of weeks at the most Raphael Dunning would arrive to take possession of his brother's belongings, and once that was done, the last vestige of excuse for delaying the search of the caveroom would be gone.* Trevaskis did not fail to gTasp the weak points of his situation; but these, somehow, only inspired him with a sort of desperate, desparing resolution, to use every possible and impossible means to secure the gold. If ths worst came to the worst, he would secrete the bars at least in his own room. Could there be anything among Dunning's many papers that could give a clue to the treasure? At the thought, Trevaskis instituted a rigorous search of all the letters, documents, and boxes which would be handed over to the late Manager's brother. In one of the latter he discovered two duplicate keys of the strong safe for the gold. He regarded them curiously for some moments, wondering to which of his predecessors belonged the credit of having them manufactured. Webster most likely, so as to enable him to steal some of the amalgam, when kept for a eight in the safe, before it was retorted. This discovery curiously enough lessened the accidental scruples whioh still visited Trevaskis from time to time, especially when his conscience was illuminated bj* the fear of detection. He thought, with something akin to indignation, of the innumerable " dodges" by which the majority of mining Managers contrived to rob the people by whom they were employed. "I wouldn't, and I couldn't, so help me, God ! steal an ounce of gold or amalgam from the mine on my own account," he thought; " but to keep a treasure that you have discovered— ah ! that is quite another matter. No one else has a better right to the gold than the one who finds it." After all, the fact that a man's forefathers have fastened a lantern to a cow's head on a dark night by the Eeashore, so as to lead a casual trading smack to founder on the rocks for the sake of its cargo, must impart certain distinguishing nuances to his conscience. At .any rate, after discovering these keys, Trevaskis was more than ever upheld by the consciousness that his moral rectitude would never allow him to stoop to the base pilfering which had been so largely practised by other Managers of the Colmar Mine. Yet, side by side with this, his determination grew stronger not to let any untoward cir^umstanoes cheat him out of the enjoyment of the fortune he had discovered in the caveroom. When his eyes became strong enough to bear the sunlight his first care was to ride across to the weatherboard hut erected on the quartz claim, which he had secured in the vicinity of the broken-down whim. It reassured him to prowl about this hut, and reflect on the treasure that might soon be hidden there. As he was riding back he finally determined that, as soon as ever Dan came, the best thing would be to take him fully'into his confidence, and sesure his help in hiding the gold and amalgam in the hut away from the Mine altogether. " 111 send a message to Dan on Monday or Tuesday, begging him to come on even if he's half dead. If he became much worse at the little hut, it would be a fine opportunity for me to resign suddenly. I'd just say that the Company better send another Manager as soon possible. ' My only brother has been taken very ill all by himself; I must give him my whole time. In any case I intend to resign soon, as I find my health will not stand tne climate here.'" He wrote these lines and several more, finding a certain relief in picturing this conclusion of his suspense. " It is now some time," he reflected, "since Fitz- Gibbon and I had that barney. He has never said a word about the search since; I don't believe he even thinks of it. Ah, there's nothing like a good bluff sometimes 1" Such were the half-complacent reflections that passed through Trevaskis's mind on Thursday evening after he returned from visiting his quartz claim. On Friday night he felt well enough to resume operations in the caveroom. Bat by Saturday morning's mail came an official letter, written by the mine Secretary at the dictation of the Chairman of Directors, instructing the Manager to permit the purser to remove the late Mr. Dunning's effects from the caveroom, and institute aoarefill search of the place. For a eh art time after reading this letter Trevaskis sat perfectly motionless staring hard before him. The meshes were closing round him; he was snared, and not only so, but he had been perfectly hoodwinked by this double-faced young Irishman. The thought galled him almost as much as the prospect of losing the gold. " But I won't lose it! I won't! I won't!" he muttered to himself, clenching bis hands i and teeth. He had need of all his decision and energy to quell the rising passion that threatened to overmaster him. When Victor, struck by the curious intonation of his voice, looked at Trevaskis, he saw that his face looked gray and lined. His eyes were uncovered. The space between them, as has been said, was unusually narrow; but now the pupils had lengthened in a curious way, so that they a! most seemed to meet in a sinister glittering line, like the eyes of a cat in the dark. The expression of his whole faoe gave Victor a ccitain shock. He concluded that Trevaskis was furious at having his objections set aeide. Or wa3 there, after all, some truth in Vansittart's conviction ? The last surmise led Victor to answer with a ccrtain reserve that as soon as Dunning's things were cleared ovt he was ready to begiu his search. On that Trevaskis strode away without j making any reply. For the rest of the day he ! purposely kept out of Victor's way. i "If this telegram is to hasten operations," : lie thought as he opened the envelope, " the ' old felloe will certainly have a fit." | But the first message thowed him that the : message touched him much more nearly than i any event connected with the Colmar Mine. It was from Miss Pagot, dated Saturday morning ! I roiri Albany, and ran :— i "Left Colombo sooner than anticipated | Not going to Perth. Caught in a tornado three days ago; vessel almost foundered. Stay here till Tuesday to recoup. Expect to reach Adelaide on Friday next." When the doctor, after paying his morning visit to Challoner, interviewed his second patient at Stonehouse and dressed his arm, be declared the young .-nan had developed febrile Fjmtome. "Whj, both your cheeks look as if they wc-re scorched, and your pulse is going nineteen to the dozen. You'll have to be careful, young man; that's a nastier burn than you think for. You'd bettei lay up for a day or ' tw<-," he said solemnly. I But Victor, who was in his omi confidenco ''ri:ore tbsn the man of healing, did not propose ; to take this advice seriously. He knew it was : t)'e protpect of his interview with Helen, ; which was now so rear—the thought of the I moment when he should be free to put his fori tune to she touch and win or lose it all—that ; made his pulses bound and his temples throb, j What would Doris say when he first uttered i the words that had been the refrain of his ' thoughts and the burden of his dreams so j long ? Not so very long, perhaps, counting ; by the mere duration of time. But in periods j of vivid emotion, when the hours he doles out • arc counted by heart beats, and not by the j clock. Time is four.d to be an old bankrupt ! who has not the wherewithal to pay his j debts. " Doris, I love you ! I love you !" ' lie was dramatising the scene to himself, I as in the manner of young lovers, sitting in the western verandah late in the afternoon, staring haid at an open book which he held right tide up. just as if he were reading it page by page. Would the woids startle her too much ? Would the moift, radiant eyes look at him in troubled wonder? He had sometimes feared that she would hardly understand —that the guarded seclusion of her life, and the dtwy simplicity of her youth, would make his words of love a strange tale, which as yet could find no response in her heart. And now he be gan to recall all that had fed his timid hopes, and the unreasoning happineES that of late had taken possession of him, and then began to fear lest he had built too much on her candid friendliness, her unembarrassed pleasure at the prospect of his travelling with tlitm. And yet wa6 there not a great thrill of gladness in her voice as she said, " You have coine!" He was in the very heart of these reflections, when she came out with the hushed footfalls, that so scon bfcome habitual, when there is illness in a household. "I want you, please, to let down the curtains. I have made Mrs. Challoner lie down in my room, and I want to make it quiet and shady, so that she may have a good sleep while Eupheiuia takes care of her father," 6he said, with the gravity befitting one who has to look after many people. Vicf-or obeyed, and then drew forward a rocking-chair for her, saying— "You have been going about working, all day, J believe, Now don't you think it is time you rested ?'* "I have iiofc done nearly as much as I thought I should" " Ob, you ambitious child! Didn't you give Shung directions three hundred and twenty times, and beat up eggs, and put fresh water in all the flower vases, and scold Bridget?'' "But you and Phemy helped me with the flowers. As for scolding Bridget, I only just remonstrated with her for carrying such dreadful tales as" She suddenly stopped short, and Victor, who had merely invented the accusation at random, said gravely— "I suppose you gave it to her well till she cried, and promised, she would do so no more ?" But Doris had assumed a little air'of reserve, which piqued Victor into saying— "Was the tale too dreadful for me to hear?" "It was last night, you see," answered Doris, after a little pause. " Last night when you were alone ?' "Yes." "She came and frightened you with some ghost story?" "Oh, it was much worse than any ghost 6tory!" " May I try and guess who it was?" She gave a shy little nod by way of answer, and then said, with a half-mysterious smile— "But I don't believe you can guess in the least." "Well, I think it will be only fair for you to help me, as we used to do when we played at hiding things indoors on a rainy day." "How was that? I don't know any gregarinuK games at all." The whimsically old and sedate words that Doris sometimes used amused Victor intensely, but he kept his countenance as he explained— "The other youngBter goes out, and you hide a penknife, or a big glass marble, or anything, in some secret place; then, when he tries to find the article, if he goes near it you say 'Hot,' if he goes away from it, you say •Cold.'" "Oh, very well." " Bridget came and told you that she put salibush in the custard ?" " Cold." Thcnshe broke a Sevres bowl and buried the remains without an inquest. "Cold." '* That Bhe wrote a spelling-book and dedicated it to the universe?" Doris laughed outright. "You are in the Polar regions," she said, gently swaying the rocking-chair backward and forward in comfortable security that Bridget's betise and her own foolish credulity were too much beyond the ken of a third person's unassisted speculations. Victor looked profoundly dejected for a moment, but so far he had not an inkling that an incredible happy revelation awaited him. "She went to the township and said Bhe met a dragon?" " Hot and cold." " Ah! I won't come away from the township. It was last night when the fire broke out?" " Hot," said Doris, in a tone of losing confidence. "She came and told you some dreadful tale about the fire?" Doris, who had so little practised the art of concealment that even the evasion of a question half offended her instinct of absolute sincerity, began to see that no alternative remained but to confess the whole story. " I will tell you how it was," she said slowly. "When Shung told us about the fire last night, he said some people had been hurt —he did not know who. Euphemia said she hoped you were not, and that made me feel so dreadfully afraid" "That I was hurt?" said Victor, a quick flush rising on bis face as he leant over towards Doris, drinking in every word she said. " Yes. I went round to send Shung down to see if you were safe, but he had just put out his light. Then Bridget came, and—you mustn't think 1 was very foolish for quite believing it—even now it seems terrible to say it" She gave a long, low sigh. "Was it about me?" asked Victor, in a breathless sort of voice. " Yes; she said you were burnt to death." He oould not for a moment utter a word in reply. Doris, glancing up at him, thought be looked strangely glad, and some undefined feeling made ber heart begin to beat more rapidly. "And was that what made you feel so ill, Doris ?" asked the young man, in a low, shaken voice. " Yes, I quite believed it till I heard you .speaking, and—oh, I felt as if I would die!" " Oh, Doris, my darling! you do care for me, then? I love you—I love you with all my heart and soul! but I have been afraid" Sfce shrank back a little as he bent closer to her, and the look in her face was partly what he had oonjured np|~alf an hour before. Only with the wonder and timidity there was something of dawning com prehension, even of gladness ; but she did not speak, and after a little time he spoke again. "You are not angry with mc, are you. Dons ?" "No—oh no,!" t-he answered softly. " And do jouHhink you l ive mc a little?" There was a long pause, aud then, whether she knew all that it conveycd or not, she answered in a perfectly nuciblo voice— Yes, I am sure of U." "And do you know how mueli T love you he asked, after a little, trying hard to keep down the rising torrent of his juv. A vivid colour had risen in her checks, but Victor was quite pale, and bis hand a? he placed it on the arm of the chair on whioh the sat, shook a little. Seeing him so pallid and agitated, a troubled look oame into her face. " You arc not unhappy, are you ?" 6he asked very gently. "No; there is only one thing that could make me unhappy just now, Doris." " What is that?" " The thought that you could not love me as long as we both live." "\es, and when we both die," she answered very gravely. Ai;d then ho was more than content. Only one ii.ore petition would he make just then. "IVris, let me hold your hand a little moment.'' A smile parted her lips as she gave him her hand. It trembled like a little reed-warbler, whose wings are suddenly pinioned, as his lithe brown fingers closed over hers. Very gently, fearing to frighten her, yet unable to resist the impulte, he boct his head and imprinted one tremulous kiss on the palir. of the imprisonc-d hand; ar.d then he released it, hardly daring to glance at her, for fear he might see a look of trouble or displeasure in her face. But it was happy and serene, and he took heart of grace. "One day this little hand will be given to me, Doris, and I shall place a plain gold ring on the third finger." "Do you mean that we will be married?' she said hesitatingly. "Yts. that is just what I do mean," answered Victor, with a low, glad laugh. "But mustn't we bo a good deal older and wifc-r lirtt?" ' Oh r.o! We're wise enough at this moment, Doris, and we'll bo quits old enough in another year — perhaps in six months — as toon as 1 can see your guardian in London." " Why will you have to see him ?" " Oh, to assure him that I have some money f.nd conic of decent people—that I am the very one to make you happy as long as j'ou live." "He'll know that as soon as he sees you," eaid Doris, with a slow, thoughtful utterance. "Oh, you darling!" murmured the young Sorer passionately. And then he rose and paced up and down the verandah. The temptation to kneel down and enfold her in his arms rose too distract- -ingly. "Come into the avenue for a little walk, Doris," he said, after a moment or two. They walked side by side for the most part in silence. When Victor spoke, it was of indifferent subjects, for be saw that gradually Doris bad become a little more agitated. When she turned to re-enter the house, he said— " Doris, before we part tell me once moredo j'ou love me?" She looked up at him, her lips slightly parted, her eyes full of a soft, deep light, some lumiuor s touch of emotion in every line of her face—ail her young, pure beauty made more beautiful by the great enchanter. " I am quite sure of it," she said Elowly. A kind of hushed awe had fallen upon her. What was this new divine influence that wrapped her round, making the thought of Borrow faint and far away, enclosing her as if in a new world ? She had no word or phrase for it all. She could only feel it thrilling every fibre of hsr being — feel it keenly, physical)}*, asone feels the touch uf a hand, or hcara the melcdy of a bird's song, or inl .'ike the penetrating breath of the early violets; but more mysterious than any of these ecstacies of feeling, seeing that this new faculty of her nature embraced them all, and yet was centred in another. The consciousness of being so happy apart from all the influences of her past life, apart even from thonghts of ber mother, struck her with a kind of amazement. She was glad to be in the silence and solitude of her own room that night to ponder over the strange wonder and beauty of it alL END OF VOL. II 