SA Yoice front the Street. (?r PICKLE.) It is a nn tlime since "Crabotick" of the 1MIhaoo?" an Imiyself have rubbed asholllierr, ndit 1 think I -woslhl have let. him test altogether, hiIt when I read his list elausfion over their ralnway' troubles, in whichi hie inexpicatbly mixesa ?p all liisl 'liters' to~getller,-McLeanI Wtemeler, Mnmro and Vne, aind goes clean out ft ii fti way to hauve a tilg at the Jatter, Ily tfingers i.et for the ibanjn, and like the oy of iearsl ?uap celebriry I won't lie laplpy till I get it. 'Ilis is the paragraph I object tlii S",Whythe very people-respectable clti oelsb thley call tlhemselves--ays Orabstiek,". lwho deplore the'riwant Inot " inlluence" lit a Harris, anli wuefully g6iab ut averring that ithisorithatrithiag would- ntever have bhen brought about if the all-powerful Wise, the friend ol Peacock, etc., ,iad been returned, are exactly the very upeople who are loud in huryj?it:iddg(l Allan) bl'Le?ai, who also, it appears haiben'or is accused, of exercising. " volltical ilfluene.'" The very men who a fewashort yeari ngo were realy to lick the dust from Idis shoes, who exalted him as a soltpofL atutqlary geitus heavelwburn -fOur the glorlftcatlon and gidl'" oft "'alel , who warohlpped hIm po, tL.estak, now atfect to fAid t&aetheirddl-; Iss nt"eitky ani cs. vry. common clay too, ic., &c.;" tHe then with ni tiapsipoJnies toe Mr.tSwlqbuipue bursts into verse thus : " OUR ALLAN" M'LSAN. Though thy voicu Was compared to a raven's, Tlhy ltincialeas ecrr'were.'" aund," ;Fre thee we'vo'foughtlike tFrank Slavlns And with thy fuel polished thu ground I But.nowl ForRale'a blood thou art'paditing, Tthyrenpons arhriuarjenpdl anhd keen-- , In gratitude how art thou wniaiittag-~ ' r Oh, Allan Zi'Lean 4I .Ws lifted thee, ODust thot~cemember .,.... We trumpeted forth thy rewown. We swore that thereewas? l0 such member In hamlet, or village or town I 'An.'vhiat' tile returpi fur our kludnessl ' -We are amothered-witt envy aRnd 'spleen, Thou hast robbed us and left us in blindness \- Ungrateful ,l'Lenal I Wei can't think thou hast done it in` anger Not a Jdmas would .beso unkind, 'Tis North Ulppsland has urged thee to danger Officinldom renders thee-blind 1-- - . --- "I'is in vain thou decriest the coarseness Of , attacks that are plrompted by spleen." We will shout till we're dumb with our hoarseness= Unllrateftl ' a'Len ii And In the -wlft day that is comring, When Wheeler and Shiels and the lot Who at preselt the country are humming, Shall out of thelr.billets be shot I Then every political nostrum Shalt thou try to thy utter chargrin ; For back in the nuctioneer's rostrum WiII be Allan M'Leual I That's not bail for " Crabby," and when he talks if Sule'd blindness I can't lelji endorsing lIis olinion. ,l M y a goodll unin has writhed under tihe literary whip of the MLicCutcY, promionently W ise. Ind uts thu banjo: Sons of Sale, why wonldi't thou Oiuotiitue in thy s rife, Anrd swallow deadly Mercury, And jeopardisu thy life. Whalit makes thly Luike-warm journau In potent fury lieu 1 Tinik 1 In is in thy interests, Oris it WVise I First.on Austral's native SAluses rife they relgn; And nolvtie watlking i'er the chest Uf Scotla's laird iMcLean. \- Wheeler, too, anid 'por' coinrd, " Tluhehlrpatliece sleley tries. Why all tllis hite aul riidicula ,. i y] ;,it WVise. I, thtehtlt that all the ,naty cluings Had tillpg ago glel said. Thabt Wise was ueaten and forgiven, And Finellgan was' dead. ' But no I Elch time the tf Enic?' S t. l a.antn ssn di~u si, .. - Tile ghost that hntita them re-?plears, \- 'ew, is tl Wise 1 ,ICrabby take atfriends! advice .ri.. "', Send Allan d,owin a line . Apu!ogisleg. - Tho invite Sale's Magistratl to dttie, And, wheni ie at your table sits, Just as n slight srlprise,o lntroduee him to veril friend, That would be Wise I 