flEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. Fino.\ Clear.' fresh. Taxes.- M celiacs. froteats. Gladstone enthused. Bistnarek Jo hot water. Unimproved land values. More trouble at Broken HUL Captain Fultarton commended. English Oladstonians sanguine. Municipal Indemnity BUI again. Knighthood predicted for Dibbt. . Tbe Earl ofNorth Esk welcomed. Inrd Tennyson opposed to Homo Bale. Ghost fiend Btill haunting Elsternwick. Exodus fr oil Bnssian famine districts con tinues. I About DO, GdO bootmakers oat of work in England. 1 Best Aqstitliau tin fell to L99 per ton in London yestwday. ' London roitket rato of discount rising— Bow 2 per cthL Broken Hfll Proprietory shares quoted in London at Li yesterday. Increased jlaUca on spirits, wtnes and tea, and cxdie duty on beer. Mr Goscten, Chancellor of the Exchequer, frill bo re-efectoil unopposed. The colon 's expenditure for the financial tear estlma; d at LS, 600,000. Revenue i ' New South Wales increasing. An . improi unont of 1194,705 for tho quarter. Irish Nat mnl League of Great Britain do- mand'tho a tcessioa of tho late Mr Parncll's platform. Vlctoria'i revenuo for tho post year 17,7128, 000- LS30,000 under Air Monro's estimate. South Ati tralia's revenuo for tho financial year L2,7C ,341, L10,000 increoso on tho previous In lvo months. In contn plation : A tax on nnimprovod land value. Estimated revenuo from this Source, L2J ,000 a year. One huii red aod twelvo coses wero set down for decision at tho District Court this morning, principally for debt, ono of them being u White against Brown." A wclMupwn hotel barber, named James Horton, wii sentenced to twelvo months' impnsonmatat tho City Court this morn ing on tho ilargo of vagrancy. Victoria/, deficiency for tho past twolvo months pniably between L900.000 aud til,000,00oj Add deficit brought forward 1206,000, Meal, say LI, 200, 000. The westier forecaot for the next 24 hoars is as foUowti— Pino, frosty inland, eloudy in parts near tho coast, light and variable winds, touting to east and north, i To-day being Separation Day most of th iibips In tbs (Bay wero decorated with flags, he Lidy Elisabeth taking the palm with on specially striking display of bunting. , Two safcJwfro carried away , fay burglars | rom the Albert Park railway station this i lorning, sad nearly L300, which was in i he "safes," havo fallen iuto the Lurglarj' Ajands. ' ; Tho late boo. J. Woods, M.L.A, appears w havo been Indebted to tho Real Kstato Bank to thejextent of LI7.413 10s 4d ho security is some of tho bank's own ibares. . . On the SLtKilda, Coburg and Windsor Gnestba rail jay fares have been reduced so as to cut a against tho tramways. The Acting Comnisaioncrs are adopting a new policy-aU Moon. . Serions .dfcculties havo occurred in coo. section wiU tho timberiug in tho Broken Sill Propriury Company's mine. There w was a (fall ok boulder this morning, .ami a ' ' Mituer had hi legs crushed. ; ItUallegq that tho goods train which . was ran intc by the Adelaido oxpresa near Lai Lil wai'l late, and was rannlng ahead : when it sboid havo been oif the line. It is also alleged pat according to -tho arrange ments the reins wore so timed that they Would collid Tho lowestenders submitted this morning tor the exteilon to Drary street, tho work . undertaken ionjointly by tho Railway De portment, tie Harbor Trust aud the City Council, wgo as follows Sewer only, Eraser and Co. ; brick and concrete, L3802 18r 3<1 ; cotRcto only, L3743 7s 3d. Storm channel, Ja£ Mullen ; brick and concrete, L6877 fls 8d| concrete only, L7424 2s Cd. " The hou L T. a'Beckott, father cf Mr Justice a'Bwott, brother of Sir William ' a'Bockott, tie first Chief Justico of Victoria, ' end former!, ja Minister of tho Crown, died at bis rciidencil Brighton, at an advanced age, Ibis morn icq Rumors tn afloat In the city res peeling the alleged eisappearance of a well-known eommereialipdfinancialMolbeurnosian. It is alleged iHat the gentleman in question has not becijieen in his usual haunts for at least ' two reys, while snndry little law documents mvo been unable to find him. The financier refrred to lost heavily on the land boom, and » is, of coarse, probable that nt tbeprescK time be may be in financial straits,:1 Oftoarso it Is quite possible that tho gehtfetma ',in ,qaostion may turnup . smiling in dip .course of a day or two. 