UNDER SUSPICION. CHAPTER XIV. / I-LEADINQ. When he was gone, she stood for a moment quite still before her father, guessing what was the Bub jeot of her conversation, her eyes upon him, so unmoved and unmovable in his arm-chair, with the red light from the coals touching his white hair and stern face. Then, still standing in that hushed attitude, fighting down her heart, she spoke. " Father," she said, and the low voice, perfectly steady, helped him to guess of what she would speak, " Father, I have kept my promise. I heard him pronounced ' not guilty." I did not go near him. He went away with his friends ; I came away with mine. So far I have not broken my word. But I have come to you now, father," the softness of a prayer in her low voice, "To ask of you this thing : He is ill, father. Will you say that I, Wb wife, may go to him, if but for one moment of time» to know how it is with him ? To ask if only he is not suffering physically, as I know he is, in his heart believing that I have failed him when most he needs me { Will you remember the time when you and my mother were young, and the decree of the world was not so strong with you as it is now ? Will you say that your daughter, Who has always obeyed you, may be released from her promise long enough to know if her husband is well and able to bear this last blow ? I know that he is ill, father ! I saw it in his face. I have been true to you, father, always ! Be kind to rae now when my hap- piness is gone from me and there is nothing for which I Bhould live but to pray for the day to hasten when I may return to him and prove that I waa not false !" He waB not a hard man at heart, did he but leave room for that to throb naturally under his shield of pride. He remembered how short a time before it was that she had not left the home for that of another ; what a dutiful daughter she was ! Ho looked up to her, standing before him in her sombre dress with her beautiful face pallid with grief, the brilliant eyes afire with her pleading -erect, proud, self- possessed. He looked up at her standing there in the rosy glow, so white and wan and proud. She was his daughter, but the world must not be flouted. He shook his white head, and the stern lips under the gray moustache set still more sternly, as though he would stifle the words that would rise from his heart if he would. She did not cry out. Very gently and quietly she knelt down beside him, clasping her little hands upon the arm of his chair, and so lifted to his her dark eyes-larger and darker through her Buffering. Very softly and low were the words uttered that rose from her heart. " Father, I am your daughter, but his wife ! To yon I owe honour and obedience ; to him I have passed my word with the sanction of the church and the world ! Would you have me fail him now, when most he needs the care of one who loves him? It is so little that I ask-only to go to hint and tell him that I am not false to my oath, that I am kept from him only because of words uttered without my own knowledge. I will coma bock to you when I have told him this, and never until he is proved free of touch of evil will I again go to him !" Could he refuse her ? How proud he was that day when she became Roy Hilton's wife ! How the world praised him and them. There was no touch of ill upon them then, and he would have given this beautiful daughter to no other man so willingly not even to her other suitor, her old school-fellow, their murdered friend. And could he still refuse her ? He looked into the sweet, wide, dark eyes with their pleading and their truth, into the pure, pallid face, sucha short ti me ago so flushed with happiness, and-could he still refuse her P She knew his consent waB won. It was seldom Bho pleaded with him, but she knew the grave stern face well enough to read the lines of relenting. She looked into his eyes, and a light crept into her own, a soft touch of colour drove away for the moment the pallor from the cheeks, a ghost of a smile for an instant stirred the red lips. " You know that I cannot refuse you this," he said slowly, and still very sternly,,as though he would fight with his heart against the will of the world. "You know what you have been to me always, Helen. Remember the proud blood in your veins and what is due your position in society remember the promise you have made regarding yonr future, and then yon may go. In two hours when you have accomplished your errand"-he could not bring himself to utter the name of her husband, although how proud he used to be to utter it-" you will return. Do not forget whose daughter you are, nor the name you used to bear !*' He turned aside his head, not to see the gladness flushing her face, not to meet the bright eyes, not to know of the red, quivering mouth of the woman who waB his daughter and the wife of the man accused of the murder of his friend. But she would not be so turned aside ; if he was proud, so was she. She did not offer him a caress I nor utter one word of thanks. For one instant she laid her warm, red lips upon the stern, firm fingers resting upon the chair arm beside her, and then rose as proud and still and beautiful as when she entered. She went from the library to her room-her old girlhood's room-and arranged in its most becoming manner the soft hair about her head, and the bit of velvet and feathers of a bonnet, and with a wrap over the darkness of her gown, went down to the carriage which Bhe ordered from the stables ere she went up to hec room. She saw no one but her father and the footman, for she could not bring herself to go to her mother's room, where she knew she would meet with new opposition ; but went down very quietly to the waiting carriage and was driven as swiftly as possible to the dear old home in whioh ahe had been so happy, in which, too, bo much sadness had fallen upon her. Johnson the footman, betrayed no susprise at seeing her. Every servant in the house was too well trained for that. He replied to her inquiry for his master as quietly a3 she asked. Learning that the lawyer was still in the house, Bhe a6ked to be taken first to him ; and at that moment Frank Whitney, having seen her arrival came down the stairs to meet her. She gave him no explanation for her presence before the servant ; but when they were alone in the upper hall, ere they entered her room, she asked of him if her husband were very ill ; and he, knowing she was not to be deceived, replied very gravely that he was at that moment tossing upon the bed in the height of a dangerous fever, and that they were forced to let him remain in her own room, as he could not be quieted when they attempted to remove him to his own. Then they entered where the sick man lay, when she had asked and gained his promise to send word to her father of the condition of her husband, and to state that, as it was impossible for her to fulfil her errand while her husband was in such a dangerous condition, she would, still keeping to. the letter of her promise, remain and nurse him until he should recover, or until-- ' Site could not bring herself to utter vrhac would come to her mind, but went ahead of this friend very quietly, as though she never left it, her black drPBs brushing tbe heavy carpet and her footsteps noiseleBB upon it. She did not start or change colour when she saw the change upon the face resting on the pillow, though a great change had crossed it during the short time that elapsed since she waited at the station to see him pass. Fever was burning deep colour into the sunken cheeks, and the blue eyes were shot with fever, moving restlessly about the room, while the low voice muttered constantly broken snatches and incoherent words that brought the swift tears to the dark eyes of the woman cross- ing so softly the thick carpet. She bent over him, after standing motionless for one moment, gazing down upon the changed face ; and as she laid her cool, soft cheek against his he muttered her name and that of his old rival, a dark look on his face. 