Sporting Gossip. [By the Vaobant.] A certain unfortunate, who is now in durance vile gave utterance to the famous opinion that some- thing or other was " more Popery than fiscal." Although my contributions of late have not been quite so bad as that, there must have been a good deal more Celtic than Saxon in them, else some of my readers are monstrously obtuse. In a note to the editor which appeared in last Saturday's issue of this journal, Mrs. H. C. White demands an apology from me for some remarks which I penned a week previous about Paris, and had it not been for indisposition I certainly would bave gave the lady an answer, although it might not have been the , amenda honourable which she desires. What would Mrs. White have? Would she have me sorry for that which I did not mean or mean that for which I am sorry ? Here is what I wrote concerning the son of Grandmaster . " What, however, can be said of Paris'running ? Truly I think it would be interesting to hear, if the owner of the son of Grandmaster were a poorer man, and it is likely too, that we would then have an opportunity of hearing, what those who watch over the morality of the turf think of his two widely different displays. However, the result is the same, for the uncertain gelding - that I suppose is the proper term-was beaten like a hack on one Saturday and made hacks of the pre. supposed racehorses on the succeeding Saturday." Surely there is no insinuation of dishonesty there ? I simply meant that the form displayed by Paris at some periods was irreconcilable with that shown by him at others, and I think Mrs. White-who apparently knows more about racing than most women-will agree with me in that. I also meant that if Paris was owned by many patrons of the turf, whom I and the wide world know well, it íb highly probable they would he asked for an explanation üb to how and why the golding ran seventh in the Caulfield Stakes, and a week afterwards came out and practically paralysed the same horses (with one ex- ception) upon worse termB. Secure in her citadel of honesty and honour Mrs. White would doubtless court such an investigation, but all are not of one view. It is not for me in my position as ?a sporting writer to find excuses and to coin apologies for the conduct for any horse or horse owner, and if it were I could not do so for Paris, who of late has one day run like a duffer and the next like a champion, but doubtless he is uncertain and eccentric. Mrs. White has given us the gratu- itous information that Paris has always tried to win eveiy race in which he has started, but the lady may pardon ma for insinuating that neither she nor her husband knows much about the little fellow although the former pays his bills and collects bis earnings. It is not so long ago since Mr. White gravely and positively asserted in a Sydney journal that Paris could not carry over 7st.-I think that is the figure-and run the Hawkesbury Handicap in the time it was then done it, whilst as it turned out he is very nearly if not quite the best horse wo have with any weight up to a mile and a-half ! Believing as he did, it was very strange that Mr. White should snpport the horse to win" ¿85000 in the Caulfield Cup where he had 8st. 81b. in the saddle and some of the best horses in the land as Wa oppouents, but the squire of Havilah evidently ' had some inward qualms, for he tried1 his best to get rid of his wager and was afterwards glad he didn't for the horse won easily, which goes to show that Mr. White's knowledge of Paris' idosyncrasies 's considerably hampered by limits. The horse's form at Flemington was also very inconsistent, and it is very evident that the desires of the geld" ing and his owner do not run parallel : Mrs. White always wishes the horse to win whilst he is rude enough to at times decline to try. Whilst declin- ing to give the apology required, I may assure Mrs. White that I at no time had any desire to pen words which would cause her annoyance. The racehorse Auctioneer is now trained by Pat M'Carthy, at Morpeth, who has had a lo^of trouble with the big brown since the Singleton race meeting, the hard going at which made him very sore. Small wonder that tipsters and punters make mistakes when even owners fall into error concerning the merits of their horses. At the recont V. R. C. meeting the usually astute Miller Brothers backed Boulevard in the first Hurdle Race for £ a. d., but the horse ran badly and did not get a placp. In the second Hurdle Race Messrs. Miller sent Pingara to the post with- out entrusting him with a shilling and he won in a canter. Glenmarkie, the sire of tho Melbourne Cap winner Glenloth, was bred, in Kent, England, whence he was imported by Mr. Spooner in 1879, but he had previously won several races both on the flat and over hurdleB. He is by Lord Derby out of Queen of Scotland, and is described as a small but very neat brown or black horse. Although he has sired one illustrious son, Glenmarkie has been anything but a success at the stud, and most of his produce are weedy. "Glenloth, however, is a big muscular horse, but it is possible he gets his size from the stout Little John, Peter Fin, and Edella blood on his dam's side. An American purchaser has lately secured in England what is probably the most aristocratically and curiously bred animal in the world. I allude to Orville, a horse raised by the Duke of West- minster, and got by Ormonde out of Shotover, both Derby winners ; that is curious enough, but in addition Ormonde is by Bend Or (winner of the Derby), by Doncaster (winner of the Derby), by Stockwell (winner of the St. Leger), by The Baron (winner of the St, Leger). Shot- over was by Hermit (winner of the Derby), by New- minster (winner of the St. Leger), by Touchstone (winner of the St. Leger). The ill-luck which has always characterised the doings of the Northern Jockey Club was not want- ing during the week, for in addition to unfair com- petition its first day's effort was handicapped by the heat, the day being oppresively hot ; but that was even better than what was provided on Friday, which broke dull, miserable and wet, with a rain that was light yet penetrating and contant. As there was no signs of discontinuance as the hours advanced, the committee met during the morning and regretfully postponed the gathering until to-day when, it is to be hoped, atmospheric conditions may be more favourable. Taking it for granted then that the sport will go on, it will com- mence with the Shorts Handicap, in which the places are likely to be filled by The Corsair,-a very nice son of Navigator-Frank, and All Right. Entries for the Novel Handicap, of .£25, which follows, will be received on the course, and that event will make way for the N.J.C. Handicap, which does not appear to' be a monte for any particular horse, as the state of the going will not suit some of them. On a fine day, I would go for Boomerang, but I think the chestnut likes to hear his feet rattle, and Roscoe will probably win. ThoBe engaged in the Members' Handicap are a sorry lot, with the ex- ception of Cape Pigeon ; but, as he will probably have had a cut in the N.J.C. Handicap, Brighton should beat him. On a dry track, Vandalite would annex the Farewell Handicap, but one of Cush's representatives should do the trick. The popular Wallsend Jockey Club is once again in the field, and in another portion of this issue will be found the club's programme for its Christmas meeting on December 26 and 27. The bill of fare is a well-compiled and liberal one, no less than ¿8530 being given in added money. Nominations are to be in on December 13. The Lower Hunter Pony and Galloway Club announces its programme for Nov. 26. Penance turned out so lame after the Melbourne Cup race that it is doubtful if the son of Penitent will ever again carry silk. Anyhow he will not ' be fit to do so until after being treated to a long spell. It is a fact not generally known that Althotas burst a blood vessel several days before the Mel- bourne Cup, but the mishap certainly did not affeet his chance in the race, for which he had not the ghost of a show. Several of my acquaintances who have what tbey are pleased to term conscientious scruples against racing in general and on the Park in particular, have been making merry at what they call my "reformation," as evidenced in my remarks as to the character of some of the patrons of the last Singleton race meeting. Argue they " you tell, I us plainly that bad people and scoundrels go to races, which therefore must be bad in themselves.'' They then fire off such truisms as "you cannot touch pitoh and escape undefiled,"-which you can easily do if you wear gloves-and " a man is known by the company he keeps"-although few companies know the men they keep. The whole fact of the matter is these holy howlers know not what they say, or if they do they do not pause to think. A race horse is certainly not the incarnation of devil- ment or wickedness, although I confess that many of those who have to do with them are not angels ; but taken all round sportsmen are as conscientious as moral and as charitable as those who say much and do little for the religion which they profess to adore. There were many undesirable people on the Singleton racecourse, but they could easily be ostracised, decent people had no need to consort with them, and if they were not there they would be somewhere else. Others of my critics aver that they are not aveise to a bit of racing» were it not for the surroundings of the game and the characters of many with whom they would necessarily come in contact. If that be so, they have the whole affair in their hands : why do they not, seoure in their armour of virtue, risk the dangers of the course and devote their leisure to a great work of reformation and correction of abuses ? Why do they not throw on one side such petty excuses as* they put forward, patronise race meetings-they need not bet-take an interest in the sport and its conduct, and quietly elbow the riff raff out of the way and off the courses ? No- body requires such gentry, ?nd as there are not any objections to racing, so far as racing goes, the thing is placed in a nutshell : Let the good people turn' out in such numbers that room will not be left for the bad ones. Even those terrible fellows, the bookmakers, can be dispensed with, for cannot we now bet by machinery if we are so disposed to waste our souls and our substance. Splendor's produce have been doing very well of late, for Panoply, who won the Flemington Stakes last week is by the Tocal sire, as are also Spendide and King Olaf, who won the Brisbane Cop and All Aged States on Wednesday, and iRoscoe, who secured the Birthday Handicap at Rutherford, whilst Candour and Glowworm ran re- spectably at the V. R. C. meeting. Panoply is ont of Esperance, a mad-brained mare that was owned and raced by Lord Carrington, but her son must be a good 'un, for he was backed down to 4 to 1 in a Btrong field, including the Dauphine, Wanganella, Currawang, etc., and won in a canter. Ho was trained by Tom Brown, whom I am glad had a good win over the colt. An international contest for a prize of ¿1000, a sweepstake and the high- jumping championship recently took place at Rouen. There were 24 entries, and England, France, Spain, and America all sent horses. The affair resulted in a win for an English horse called Tasmania, who won by clear 6ft. 2in. Afterwards Tasmania, who is an Irish bred hunter, in an exhibition leap topped the bar at 6ft. 6ft. Death has been pretty busy amongst our race- horses during the past few days, for Forty Winits, the steeplechaser Rob Roy, and Murmur havo gone the way of all flesh, their decease in each case be- ing the result of accident. Good judges who have seen The Sailor Prince, who won the Maribyrnong Plate for Mr. Sam Cook, are in love with the colt, who is de- scribed as a slashing big, muscular sound boned bay fellow, and so he onght to be for he is a beautifully-bred animal being by Robinson Crusoe out of Water Lilly, a daughter of Rapid Bay and White and Blue, by Monseignour, blood which should make the colt stay for a week. White and Blue is dam also of Tampe, dam of Trieste, and Water Lily's veins are full of the stout Orville blood. The Sailor Prince is engaged in next year's Derby and it may poy my readers not to forget it. It is now reported that the sensational sire Ormonde has been purchased from his Buenos Ayres owners by an American syndicate for the enormous sum of ¿28,000. Every hope is now held that the life of Tirail- leur, who fell in the race for the Cup and broke his shoulder, will be Baved. The son of Musket has been placed in slings, and it is believed he will be fully competent for stud purposes. Mr. Gollan and his trainer Martin are an unlucky or unfor- tunate couple, for they brought nine horses with them from New Zealand, and the whole string has gone bung at different periods. The Stroud Jockey Club will hold a race meeting on Boxing Day. The jockey Williamson, who won the Derby ond Cup on Martini-Henry in 1883, has gone to India. Just subsequent to his battle with Corbett it was claimed by Sullivan that he had been drugged, and to that he attributed his defeat. The BoBton man had a bottle of wine at his hotel before he went to fight in the evening, and it was then, he says, that he got the dose. Little notice was taken of this story, and at a benefit accorded him Sullivan said he had been beaten by a better man and did not desire to make excuses. Those who are fond of hunting up coincidences have discovered remarkable similarity in the races for the Cups won by The Assyrian and Glenloth. The days were both wet, muddy and miserable ; each horse had started in the Caulfield Cup sixteen days before and finished nowhere; each occupied about the same position in the Melbourne Stakes ; each was five years old, and each carried lab. 131b. Previous to his fight with Goddard it was well known amongst the acquaintances of Joe M'Anliffe that the latter was a financial wreck, and as the "Mission Boy" did not win they thought he was certain to remain on the rocks. However, they were mistaken, for big Joe bought some property á few miles out of Frisco and there built a fine saloon which cost ¿1500. The conundrum amongst sport- ing men of that quarter now is-Where did M'Anliffe get the ¿1600? The death is announced of the stud mare' Bridal Wreath, dam of Tradition. 