SOME EARTHQUAKES.* By RUDYARD KIPLING. YOKOHAMA, July 9. A radical member of Parliament at Tokio has just got into trouble with his con- stituents, and they have sent him a priceless letter of reproof. Among other things they point out that a politician should not be " A waterweed which wobbles hither and thither according to the motion of the stream." Nor should he "like a ghost without legs drift along before the wind." " Your conduct," they say, " has been that of both a water weed and a ghost, and we purpose in a little time to give you proof of our true Japanese spirit." That member will very probably be mobbed in his rickshaw and proddcd to inconvenience with sword-sticks ; for the constituencies are most enlightened. But how in the world can a man under these skies behave except as a water weed and a ghost ? It is in the air—the wobble and the legless drift. An energetic tourist would have gone to Hakodate, seen Ainos at Sapporo, ridden across the northern island under the gigantic thistles, caught salmon, looked in at Vladivostock, and done half-a- hundred things in the time that one lazy loafer has wasted watching the barley turn from green to gold, the azalea blossom and burn out, and the spring give way to the warm rains of summer. Now the iris has taken up the blazonry of the year and the tide of tourists ebbs westward 1 he permanent n sidents aie beginning to talk of lull places to "o to foi the hot weather, and all the ivailublt houses in the resorts tue let In a little while the mtn from China will be coming over lor their liolidti)s but jubt ut presi nt we ure m the thick of the tea henson, und theie «> no time to waste on frivolities lacking is a valid excuse for anything from toi0cttihg a dinner to dcihmnc, a tennis put}, and the tcmpeis of husband, ate judeed lcnicntl) All along the sea face is an mspiiiting smell of the finest new mow n lui), and canals are full of boats loaded up with the boxes jostling down to the harboui At the club men sa) rude things about the nitivals of the mail 'linn never was a post olliec)et that dal not lejoicc in knocking u man s Sabbath into Hindus Afatroilicc da) s work ma) begin at S und end at b or, if the mail romes m, at midnight Ihete is no oveilime or eight hours baby talk m tea \ ondei aie the ships , heie is the stutT and behind all is the American niaiket Hie rest is )our own affair 'Un» nairovv stieets uie blocked with the wains bringing down ni boxes of eveiy shape and si/e the up countr) ioue.li bul So noona mint UlKC <1CllVlr} 01 tllCSe thill--* lind loom for them m the packed ware house und hampli them before tliP) are bleiitU.il and go to the linn/ Moie Ulan hall the elaborate pioeessi'S aie " lost woik' so for us the quiilitj ol the Bluff toes , but the in uketa insist on a good looting li at, with polish, face, and cull to it, anti in this, as in other husmean!«, the cull ol the mallett is the law 'Hie lnttorj lloora aie made slippeij with the tiead ot bate footed coolies, who shout as the tea whirls thiough its tiansfoinialiona 'Hie o\ emote to the clamour-an nucanny thm¿, too-is the soil rustlt down of the tea itself-stacked in heaps cal ned 111 baskets, dumped thiough chutes, rising and lulling 111 the long troughs wheie it is polished, and disappi tiring at last into the heart of the bring machine-nlwajs this insistent viluspei ot moving dead leaves Steam sieves sift it into grades with jurunga and thumping!) that make the lloors quiver, and the thunder of steam gear is alwajs tit its heels, but it continues to mutter 1111 abashed till it is nddhd down into the big foil lined boxes and his at pence A few days igo the mtlustr) suffered 11 cheek which, lasting not mine than two minutes, lost several hundred pounds of limul hied tut It was Romething aftei this wa) Into the stillness 01 a hot, stun j morn ing carne an unpleasant noise as of batteries of artillery chiugmg up all the roads together, and at hast one bciuldcieil sleeper waking saw his empty boots win le the) "sat and pla) ed toccatasstatelj at the clavichord ' It was the waslihaudstiind nallv, but the etlcet was awful I hen a clock lill and a willi cracked, and heavy hands caught the house by the roof pole and shook ltturiuuslv 'lo piosorvc an equal mind when tlnn-a are hard ia good, but he who has not fumbled desperately at bolted jalousies Mint win not open while a whole room is being tossed in a blanket does not know how lund it is to ' lind any sort of mind at all. The end of the terror was inadéquate-ii rush into the still, heavy, outside air, only to lind the sei vants in the *fi-ucn-'9Í{$K}jn¡f;(the Japanese ..w^u! 1. ' giggle through..vt|ie day of >judgUimlt,,, and to lenVli^tllllt the earthquake'.'^"» over. Then çïiiifs'the news, swift bum« froi i ' .' the businosa^l.uarter? bejow the hill; tjiut the coolies'- of certain lactories lui'lk Le 1 shrieking at the flrst hhock, and that M the ' tea in the p'nit^JMa burned to ti ci¡Hp.|."ÍW, certainly, wits some consolntjon for _ndig)i| lied panic ; anti there remained the hope that a few tall chimneys up the line at Tokio would have collapsed. They stood linn, how- ever, ond the local papéis, used to this kind of tiling, merely spoke of the shock tes "severe." Earthquakes are demoralising; but they bring out all the weaknesses of human nature. Kirst is downright dread the stage of " only let me get into the open and I'll reform ;" then the impulse to send news of the most terrible shock of modern times Hying east and west among the cables. (Did not your own hair stand staughton end, and, therefore, must not everybody else's have , done likewise Î) Last, as fallen humanity picks itself together, comes the cry ot the mean little soul :-" What I Was that allí I wasn't frightened from the be- ginning." It is wholesome and tonic to realise the powerlessness of man in the face of these little accidents. The heir of all the ages, the nnnihilator of time and apace, who politely doubts the existence of his Maker, hear» the roof-beamtt crack and strain above him, and scuttles about like a rabbit in ti stoppered warren. If the shock endures for 20 minutes, the annihilator of time and space must tump out under the blue, and hunt lor his dead beneath íubbiali. Given a violent convulsion (oui) just such ti sjippmg of strata as carelessly piled volumes will accomplish in a bookcase), and behold the heir of all the ages is stark raving mad-a brute among the dishevelled lulls Set a hundred of the world s greatest spirits, men ol lixcd princi pies, high aims, resoluteendeavour, enormous experience, and the modi »tv that these attri butes bring, set them to live through such a ~* Copyright (1B92) in the UnUed States ol America, by Rudyard Kipling. catastrophe as that which wiped out Nagoya last October, and at the end of three days there would remain very few whose souls might be cilled their own So much for )esterdnys shock Today tht re has come another, and a most oom prehensile alTnir it is It has broken notning, unless ma)bo an old heart or two cracks later on, und the w ise people in the settlement are saying that they predicted it from the first None the less as tin earth quake it deserves rec wini,, It was a vei) raun alternoon All the streets vi ere full of gruel 1} mud, and all the business men were at work m their offices when it begun A knot of Chinamen were stud)ing a closed door from whose further side caine a most unpleasant sound of bolt ins anti locking up 'I he notice on the door was interesting With deep regret did the manager of the New Oriental Banking Cor poration Limited (most decidedly limited) announce that by telegiapluo ordera from home he had suspended pa) ment Said one Chinaman to another in pidgin Japanese -" Zt is shut," and went awu) '1 he noise of barring up continued, the ram fell and the notice stared down the wet street 'J hat was all 'J here must have been two or three men passingb) to whom the announcement meant the loss of every pennj of their savin js-com forting knowledge to digest after tiflm In London, of course, the failure would not mean so much 'J here are mum banks in theCitj, and people would have had warning Ileie banks arc few, people are dependent on them, and this news caine oat of the sea unheralded-an evil bom with all its teeth After the crash of a bursting shell, every one who can p.cks luniseU up, brushes the dirt oft his unilorin, and tries to make a joke of it Then some one wlnpsi a handkerchief 'round his hand-a splinter has torn it-and .another, linda warm streaks running down his foiehead Then a man, overlooked till now and past héíp, groans to the'denth.. Evcry l!borty perceives with a étóft',).haí','tín8 ¡s no ,time for laughter, and the dead and wounded lore attended to. ,', " Even so at the Overseast Club when the tmen got out of oflice. The brokers had told them the news. In filed the English und Americans and German and french, and " Here's a pretty mess I " they said one and all. Many of them were hit, but, like good men, they did not Bay how severely. "Ah ! " said a little P. and 0. official, wagging his head sagaciously (he had lost a thousand dollars since noon), " It's all-right now. They're trying to make the best of it' In three or four days we shall hear more about it. I meant to draw my money just before I went down coast, but"-. Curiously enough, it was the same story throughout the club. Everybody had- in- tended to withdraw, and nearly everybody had-not done so. The manager of a bank which had «oí failed waa explaining how, in his opinion, the crush had come about. This also was very human. It helped none. Entered a lean American, throwing buck his waterproof all dripping with rain ; his face was calm and peaceful. "Hoy, whisky and soda," lie said. " How much liaf you load?" said a Teuton bluntly. "Eight-fifty," replied the son of George Washington sweetly. "Don't see how that pievents me having a drink. My glass, sirr." He continued an interrupted whistling of " 1 owe ten dollars to O'Grady " (which he very probably did), and his coun- tenance departed not from its serenity. If there is an) thing that one loves an American for it is the way in which he stands certain kinds,of punishment. . An Englishman of many dollars and a heavy . loser was being chaffed by a Scotchman whose account nt the .Iiipim 'end of .the line had been a trille overdrawn. True, he would lose in England,i but the thought of the few dollars saved here cheered him. More men entered, sat down b) tables, stood in groups, or remtiined spurt b) them si'lv ea thinking w ith knit brow s One mimt think quickl) when bills are falling due 1 he murmur of voices thickened, and there was no rumbling in the skittle alle) to m terruptit liver) bod) knows every bod) else at the Oioreoaa Club, and even bod) sun pathises A mau passi d atifll), and some one of the gioup turned to ask light!), " Hit, old man ' ' " Lil e I» II lie stud, and went on l)ltl"_ l.u, ti .1.1 . !_m -A.t__4._-.ma_ waa telling slowly mid somewhat bitterly how Jie had cxpecti d one of Ins children to join lum out here, and how the passngi hud been paid w ith a diatlou the 0 11 C But now lhru, Indus and _entleinen, is where it hurls, this little suspension out here It ihstiois plans pri ttj ones hoped lur in I uni)ed over, nut} be lot leiiR , it knocks pleasant doinistieariiinge meats galle) wist ovci and above all the mere linn that it causes The connus thing m the talk waa thut there was no tibuoe of the bank The men were in the 1 ustcin ti ade themselves and the) knew ftwasthe Yokohama niiiiiager and thciclerks thrown out ol emplo) mont (comiectiod w ith a broken bank b) the wa) goes luf ta ruin a )oung man s piospects) lor whom tici weie bohv " .\i te doing ourselves well tjns j eui," said a w it gnml) " One nee shorting ense , one tbundeimg libel case, and li bank snitiah Showing oil pretty before thetglobe trotters, aren t vv e ' ' \ ' Gad, think of the chaps aeson now with letters ot credit Lh ' lliei ll\lnnd and get tin best moms at the hotels iin.1 lind the) re penniless, saul anothei "Never mind the globetrotters,' said a third ' Jjonk nearer home II lus dois for so and so und so and so and jo and so, all old men, and every penn) o theirs gocs^ Poor devils1' | ' Hint lenunds me of someaie else,' saul yet another voice. //i« wile Vat home, too. Whew !" and he whistled tlriirily. .So did the tide of voices run on ti tuen got to talking over the chances o a dividend. " They went to the Hank If England," drawled an American, "iindxhe Dunk of England let them down ; said heir securities weren't good enough." 1 " Great Scott !" A hand cale down on a talvle to emphasise the lenitik, "1 sailed hu If-wai up the Mcditerriinenrjonce with a Bank oi Engluiul director ; will I'd tipped bim over the mil ami lovveied Hen a boat on Ins own security- ii it was goojenough." "Uaiing's goes. The Ö.H.. don't," re- plied tlie Ameilcun, blowing sloke tluough ilia nose. " This business loos de-ei-ded-ly prob-le-inat-i-ciil. Wha- ati" I " Oh, they'll pay the depoiors in full. Don't you liet,"suitl a man mo had lost nothing and was anxious to cosole. "I'm a shareholder," said tie American, and smoked on. j The rain continued to Bl, and the umbrellas dripped in the iiicIihAiiiI the wet . 'mell came anil went, circliç round the central fact,that it was a lxi<| business till ''the dnv,' us was most'lit.'sut down in drilling darkness. There «ruin refreshing ' .'¡sense of brotherhood in m.sffrtuie in the Tittle community that had juslioen electro- cuted mid did not want anytnore shocks, i All the pain that in Eiiglund"wüld be taken j home to be borne in sileriee art alone was hcio bulked, as it weie, and faud in line of companies. Surely the Christies of old must have fought much better wen they met the lions by fifties ut a time. I At lust the men depatted->li|haelielors to cast up accounts by thqnelves (thine should De some good ponies loríale shortly), and the married men to take cjuiisel. May Heaven help bim whose wife cus not stund by him now 1 Rut the women f the Over seaa settlements ure as thoiongltis the men. J hen v ill hi tears tor pla is jregone the changing of little ones school and eldir children a carters unpleusait ettcrs to le w utten home mil more uiplesimt ones to be lecencd fiom lelatiyes w10 toll von so fiom the lirat I hen willie pnehmgs too imdstiaita of winch the otsul woill will know nothinc lut the lomoi will pull thiough it «muling j | Biautiful m lied aie le rperations of ino lern Imán e especial wlen ui)thin" toes w rung with the niLtunt 10 nitht there will be trouble ni nth«. nnion" the Gc) lou planters the Cuktta jute and ?he liombn) cotton brol ers jesidis the little ' households of Bimi 11 I ace I sivin s lu nong Kont Singaporj and blianghm there will be trouble (00 and tooti maa only knows vint, wr'ck ntl -lultenhiun lath St JSnards lorquaj an 1 the othei tampa o6he retired armv olheeis I hey are luckjin > n"l in 1 w ho know what happens wlu it happens but tin pi opie here are atthuont did of the cables and the situuti ni not "ot d Only one tliint sienis ceitain lhere isa notice 011 a shut door 111 the vyeind by vu tue of that notice all the moni that was theirs yesterdii) is "one awi) fiel it mi) never 1 onie bick ii0un So alije work that won the mono) must be donover utnin but some of the people are II and moic are tire! and all are dtsheirle I Itisavcry sorrowful little c murnini tlintgoi s to bed to ni. lit and there must as s ul ones the world ovei Letitbewrln howcvir that of the sections under lire re (und some are cruelly hit) no man vvlint or whimpered or broke down Hiérelas no chance of fighting It was bitter dfat but the. took it standing I 