THE LAW RELATING TO GHOSTS. « (sr. jambs's budget.) The Psychozetic Society has recently, at the request of one of its members, whose remises were infested with a noisy ghost, taken the opinion of Mr. Bludgeon, Q.C., on a series of questions tending to elucidate the law&git; relates to ghosts. The learned counsel's opinion has been forwarded to us for publica tion, and we have much pleasure in riving prominence to it. Mr. Bludgeon writes ag follows : — 1\. In answer to the first question. I am of opinion that an action for trespass w li n.t iie against a ghost ; it follows that an in jncaoa will not be granted. There is some uncertainty on the point ; but I think that a ghost is not, at common law, a legal person &t; all. and, therefore, neither possessed of rights nor subject to liabilities. There is no record in tbe books of any 6uch action ; a fact in iteeli negative testimony of no small weight. 2\. Subject to what follows, I think there is a cause of action against the executors. It has been held that a corpse ib the property of its executors as being personal proper; v ; "ths opinion of Taper, V.C., that, by reason of burial, it might be said to savour of the realty being no longer law. The maxim >: f law is, Mobilia sequuntur persona) — the ghest roi'ows toe corpse ; and in my opinion the ccurt would restrain the executors from allowing cr suffer ing their ghost to trespass on the prem ses is question. In this case, however, the riffioully of discovering and serving the person 1 1 repre sentatives would be almost insuperable, tha ghost having been dead 500 year®. 3\. Yes. If the ghost sets up an adverse title, an action would lie oa the covenant for .joief enjoyment : but I must add that in my opinion there is evidence, and tolerably clear eviience, that in this case Mr. Squirms took wiih notes of the encumbrance, and, having obtxiari hie lease at a lower rent in considers:, n of it, would be held iu equity to be es topped from any such proceeding. 4\. If Mr. Squirms is right in his con iectnre— and a surveyor of respectability should be sf once employed to ascertain whether he is or nol —that toe Dody of the ghost is buried on the premises, different considerations arise. A above stated, a body is the property of the executors ; but this rule is subject to- tie widei principle, Quiequid plantatur solo, .< V and in my opinion the ghost, by beiue planted or buried on the land, lapsed to the freeholder and became part oi the inheritance. The free holder must be taken to have known of its Sreaence ; and I think, although not w.thoat oubt, that on the true construction of Mr. Squirms's lease, the body passed to turn under the general words, and must be regarded, for the purposes of this care, as his own. If I am correct w this, Mr. Squirms is the author of hi® own wrong, and has the remedy in bis cws hands. 5\. No. A ghost cannot require the owner of toe premises on which his body is, to bury it w the expense of the ownei. In my optnK® ghost has no rights as such. It is not my duty to express an opinion on what the law ought to be, but merely to state what, in my opiuicnj it is. 6\. If a spiritualist or other person, against the will of the executors or other the owners m I a ghost, raises it, and induces it to leave its owner and enter his service, I think an actio" would lie (Lumley v. Gye, 2 E. and B.| 216-239). 7\. A man has no right, in order to icdulgt hit own taste. to introduce any ghost he voxy possess into his aunt's house, thereby destroying the amenity of her residence. Sic utere too ut aiienum non laedes. A licence for anr «ucn Purpose revocable, unless given for vsluabw consideration, „ 8\. No. There is no such easement known® the law. A custom would require strict prooh 9\. A ghoeL instructed to haunt any person account of his employer, cannot without jw mission emploj ahbtoer to fulfil bis dutrtfc Detegatus non potest delegare. lu. The suspicion of an authentic ghost on the premises does not warrant the officer® toe Society in entering or remain n 00 rj premises, nor in demanding refreshments engaged thereon. If toe interest? of«c»» demand such powers, recourse must be ha the Legislature. It is impossible for rue to press anp opiuion as to toe result of such " application. . . „ 11\. The Public Health Act, in my opinio, gives toe sanitary authority no jurisdiction ov» ghosts. . Lg 12\. If toe suggested explanation ghost's cries and groans be correct, the of the Ordinary would seem the proper 1 recommend that the opinion of c0U® teamed in ecclesiastical law be taken point Samuel Blvdg104 