CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The annual meetings of tho Congregationnl Union and Mission of Viotoria were inaugurated last evening at tho Collins-street Church by a sermon proaobed by the Rev. S. Bryant, who took his text from the 8th verso, 1st ohaptcr of the Acts of tho Apostles, " But ye shall roceive power when tho Holy Ghoat comes upon ye, nnd ye shall be my witnesses." When those words wero spoken Christ's disciples expeoted something strnngo and wonderful to happon, and they were spokon to check their curiosity. In faith they waited until at the baptism of PentccoBt they received tho promised power. Our Lord was saying to-day to Christians tho sarao words as Ho uttered to His disciples. At this hour many of His followers wero under the spell of worldly ambition, but an fervent desire was springing up for a more intense spiritual power. This was shown by what might almost bo called an excess of religious zeal, which tended to offend tho proprieties of formality. Tho phenomonal advancement of the Australian colonies in wealth and material progress had Assisted to furnish city, town and bush with churches. These were amply sufficient for all congregations, but they were useless without spiritual power. The greatest intellectual gifts were useless to win souls unless tho spirit of tho Holy Ghost was presont. God choso his instru ments from the humblest. He sot heaven's seal upon a rustic's brow, and hisministry was fruitful of salvation. It was the spirit of the Holy Ghost alono whioh made tbo militant cliuroh triumphant. The church could only bo vic torious through the divinity in her. The grace of God brought salvation to men. No mere verbal or moohanioal explanations could interpret tho Atonement, for instance, the reverent spirit must be present The ministers of tho present day differed from their predeces sors of 50 years ago. Instead of the narrow formal dogmatism of former times the ministry was now daring but reverent. It was useless to hope of making pooplo religious by dry logic or unimpassioned argument. Tho emotions and passions must bo appcalod to. Ho trusted tbat the pentccostai miracle would be re-enooted in the presont day. 