THIRD DA"Y. On Tuesday morning the business of the ?Conference was continued. The book- room report and balance-sheet was received as satis factory, showing a balance to the good. The lie v. J. H. Williams, who has already served the full term of five years, was reappointed for .another year, as Book Steward. The Rev. H. J. Pope WBB appointed as Vice-Steward. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the ex President (Rev. J. G. Wright) for the excel lent Conference Bermon delivered by him on 3?riday evening. An invitation was received from His' Honor Chief Justice Way inviting the Conference to an " at home" on Thursday from 4.30 to' 6.30 to meet the members of the Wesleyan arid Bible Christian Conferences.; Ihe invitationwas accppted. An animated discussion took place on the subject of " Gambling,1' which was introduced fcy a letter received from the Secretary of the Congregational Union. The Kev. J. H. WILLIAMS moved-" That this Conference of thie' Primitive Methodist Connexion, represent ing 12,000 adherents, is prepared to unite with the other Churches of the colony in taking united action with a view to suppress ing the spirit of gambling, and we desire to express our strong disapproval of the Totaliza tor Act and the Government granting a half holiday on Cup Day." . After a prolonged and animated discussion on the subject of Methodist Union the fol lowing resolution was carried-" That we express ourselves as strongly in favour of organic Methodist Union on a fair and equit able baBis to all concerned, and thatwe appoint a committee to meet representatives of the Wesleyan and Bible Christian denomi nations with a view to drawing up a basis of Union, and to take suoh other steps as may deemed necessary for bringing about so desir able an object." The following were the Committee appointed:-Revs. J. J. Salmon .(President), J. Goodwin, A. Wellington, J. H. Williams, J. H. Pope, and S. Raymond, Messrs. J. Peters, C. Dunn, W. Diment, G. Marehmann, W. W. Win wood (Vioe-Presi . dent), and George Robinson. The statistical report of Sunday-schools was . read, and showed an increase of teachers and scholars. Animated speeches were made, and the following resolution was carried-"That) we record our thanks to the great Head of the Church for the help afforded us during -another year; we rejoioe that many, as the result of our labours, have been led to the .{Saviour; the hopeful state of our Sunday pcbools is to us a very pleasing feature, and we trust by a fresh consecration to God and abso lute dependenoe on the Holy Ghost a larger life and increased prosperity will be recorded by us in the future." At this time deputations were reoeived from the Bible Christian Conference and Women's Christian Temperance Union. The Rev. E. > GHATTON said he was pleased to see so many friends whom he had known, but he with . regret missed many whom he had known and learned to love who had passed to a higher life. jHe deeply sympathized with the connexion in their losses. The Bible Christians and them selves were essentially and fundamentally one. Be was present as an advocate *of Methodist Union, but he felt they must make haste . slowly in the matter. He wished the Con ference godspeed, and trusted the ooming year ?would be to tbem a highly successful one. The Hev. J. CoiLINGS (B.C.) congratulated the 1 Conference on their wisdom in having the Rev. J. J. Salmon as its President, and congratu lated the President on hiB position. He . thoroughly believed in Methodist Union, but .there were many problems to solve, and the ^natter, of Church debts was one. He was :filad they had made such successful efforts in i reducing truBt debts. He was looking forward to the tune when the colours would be won for Christ. They were trying to bring all men to . a knowledge of the Gospel, and had long since learned to say, " Grace be with all who love the Lord in sincerity and in truth." (Ap plause.) Mis. NICHOLLS (President of the W.C.T.U.) addressed the meeting. Some charged the Association she represented with trying to start another denomination, but such was not the case. They were composed of members of every branch of the Christian ' Church, and consequently were entirely unsec tarian. Their work was to try to gather in -the outcast, and to do a work the Churches could not do; also, to eduoate publio senti ment against the liquor traffic, and to dis . courage the use of strong drink as a medicine. !They did a work among the ohildren, and that this was woman's sphere must be admitted. Though only a small body eighteen years ago, they now numbered 250,000. She was glad -that the Primitive Methodists recognised the ; right of woman to speak in public, but she . noticed they were not yet admitted into the .Conferences as delegates.. (Laughter.) She . commended the W.C.T.U. to their sympathies, and asked for help in their great work. (Cheers.) Miss GEOBGE (Secretary W.C.T.U.), after congratulatory remarks, stated that about £4 15s. per head per annum was spent in strong .drink in this colony. They wanted the sym pathy and help of tbe Churches to fight'the evil. Their great work was amongst the . children, to bring them up to abhor drink and to be good citizens. The Rev. H. J. POPE, in reply to tbe Bible Christian deputation, ,Baid he gave them a hearty weloome and thanked them for their congratulations, and returned their, fraternal greetings. The Primi tive Methodists felt very much as the Bible Christians on the subject of union-they were in favour of union, but did not believe in being swallowed up. There must be mutual conces sions before union could take place. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. ROBINSON' said that he was pleased that they all had the same idea on union, and trusted it would soon come to pass. The Rev. J. G. WEIGHT briefly replied to the W.C.T.U. deputation. In connection with the Conference gather ings an ordination service was held on Tuesday evening, when tbe Rev. Thomas Allenwas ordained to the full ministry. The Rev. H. J. POPE delivered an excellent ordination charge, and welcomed Mr. Allen into the full list of the ministerial ranks. The PBESIDENX of the Conference (KBv. J. J. Salmon), in a few choice words, gave to Mr. Allen a hearty welcome, and presented him with a oopy bf the Holy Scriptures, There , was ja large atten : dance. 