NADA, THE LILY. By H. HIDES, HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, ISM, nv H. KIDER HAGGARD. [ALT. ItlailTS HESE11VBB.] CHAPTER XII. THE TALK OF (JALA7.I THE WOLF. Now;-my father, I will go back a little, for my tale is loug and winds in and out like a liver , in a plain, and tolls of the fate of TJmalopogaas when the lion had taken him, as he told it to mo in tho after years. The lioness hounded away, and in her mouth was TTinslopogaas. Once he struggled, but she bit him hard, so ho lay quiet iu her .mouth, and looked back and saw the face of Nada as she ran from the fence of thorns, crying 'Save him!' He saw her face, he heard her words, then he saw and heard little more, for tho world grew dark to him and be passed, as it were, into a deep sleep. Presently Umslopogaas awoke again, feeling pain in his thigh, where the lioness hod bit- ten him, and heard a Bound of shouting. He looked up ; near to him stood the lioness that bad loosed him from her jaws. She was snorting with rage, and in Front of her .was a lad-a lad long and strong, with a grim face, and a wolf's hide, black and grey, bound about his shoulders in such a fashion that tho upper jaw and teeth of the wolf . rested on his head. Ho stood before the lioness, shouting, and in one hand ho held a large war-shield, and in the other ho grasped a heavy club shod with iron. Now, tho . lioness crouched herself to spring, growling terribly, but the lad with the club did not wait for tbe spring. He ran in upon her and smote her on the head with the club. : He smote hard and well, yet this did not kill . lier, for Bhe reared herself upon her hind ' legs and struck at him heavily. He caught the blow upon his shield, but the shield was driven against his breast so strongly that he fell backwards beneath the shield, and lay there howling like a wolf in pain. Then tho lioness sprang upon him nud worried at him. Still, because of tho shield, as yet she could . not come to him to slay him. But TJmslopo gaas saw that this might not endure, for ' presently the shield would be torn aside and the stranger must be killed. Now, in the breast of tho lioness yet stood the half of t Umslopogaas's broken spear, and the blade of it was'a span deep in her breast. Then :* this thought came into the mind of TJmslopo .' gaas, that ho would drive the spear home or . .¿ie. So he rose swiftly, for strength came back to him in his need, and ran to where tho lioness worried at him who lay beneath the shield. She did not heed him, and he ilung himself upon his knees before her, and, seizing the haft of tho broken spear, drovo it deep into her and wrenched it round. Now she saw him and turned roaring, and clawed at him, tearing his breast and arms. Then, as ho lay, ho heard a mighty howling, and behold ! grey wolves and black leaped upon the lioness and rent and worried her till she Pell and was torn to pieces by thom. After this the senses of TJinslopogaas loft him again, and the light wont out of his eyes , so that he was as ono dead. At length his mind came back to him, and with it his memory, and he remembered tho . - lioness and looked up to find her. But he i did not lind her, and he saw that he lay in a : -cave upon < a bed of grass, -wiri le all about him were the skins of beasts, afid at his side was a pot filled with water. Ho put out his .-. haod.'and, taking the pot, drauk the water, pand then he saw that his arm was wasted as with sickness, and that bis breast was thick V!.with scars scarcely skinned over, -i ¿-Now, while he lay and wondered, the ; "'/mouth of tho cave was darkened, and through "¿'it''came the lad who had done battle with the lioness nnd been overthrown by her, bearing a dead buck upon his shoulders. Ho put down the buck upon tho ground, and,1 walk ,;'iini> to where Umslopocans lay, looked uoon him. ' 1 'On !' lie aniel, 'your eyes are open-do ' you, then, live, stranger ?' . 'I live,' said TJnislopogaas, 'and I am ! hungry.' .' 'Itis time,' said tho other, 'since with toil ; I bore you here througli the forest, for twelve . days you hare lain without sense, drinking water only. So deeply had the lion clawed ; you that I thought of you ns dead. Twice I was near to killing you, that you might cease to suffer and I to bo troubled ; hut I held my hand, because of a word which came to '; nie from one who is dead. Now eat, that .. your. strength may return to you. After- wards we will talk.' . - Sb TJmslopogaas ate, and little by litttlo ¿ ; his strength came back to him-every day a . little. And afterwards, aa they sat at night . by the fire in the cave they spoke together. ' How aïe you named ?'aßkedTJmslopogaas ~~ of the other. ( ". , , s ]'. : 'I'-, nm named Galazi the ' "Wolf,',', ho i.., answered, ' nnd I am of Zulu blood-ay, of .. the blood of Chaka the king-, for'tho father "* ' of Sonzangacona; the father 'of Chaka, waa _ my great-grandfather.' i 1 1 ' Whence, then, came you, Galazi ?' ; :'; 'I came from Swaziland-from the tribo ' of the Halakazi, which I should rule.- This is the story : Siguyana, my grandfather, was : a, younger brother of' Senzangacona, tho ùJifather of : Chaka. But he quarrelled ^with Seuzangacona, and became- a- wanderer. "With, certain of the people of <the TJmtetwá,' c' he wandered' into Swaziland, ;and sojourned j "irita tho Halakazi tribe in their great cave's; '~and the end of it wns that' he slew^thé ohief of tue tribe and took bis place. After he was dead, my father ruled in his place ; but there was a great party in the tribe that hated his rule because he was of the Zulu race, and it would have set up a chief of the old Swazi blood in his place. Still, they could not do this, for my father's baud was heavy on the people. N ow, I was the only son of my father by his head wife, and should bo chief after him, and therefore those oE tho Swazi party, and they were many and great, hated me also. So matters stood till last year in the winter, and then my father set his heart upon killing twenty of the headmen, with their wives and children, because he knew that they plotted against him. But the headmen learned what was to come, and they prevailed upon a wife of my fntbor, a woman of their own blood, to poison him. So she poisoned him in the night, and in tho morning it was told «me that my father lay sick and summoned nie, and 1 went to my father. In his hut I found him, and ho was writhing with pain.' ' ' "What is it, my father ?' I said. ' Who has done this evil ?' "It is this, my son,' he gasped, ' that I am poisoned, and yonder she stands who has done the deed,* and he pointed to the woman, who stood at the sido of the hut near the door, her chin upon her breast, trembling as she looked upon tho fruit of her wickedness. 1 Now, the girl was young and fair, and wo had been friends, yet I say that I diii not pause, for my heart was mad in me. I did not pause, but, seizing ni}' spear, I ran at her, and, though she cried for mercy, I killed her with the spear. '1 That was well done, Galazi,' said my father. 'But when I am gone, look to youtself, my son, for these Swazi dogs will drive you out and rob you of your place. But if they drive you out aud you yet live, swear this to me-that you will not rest till you avenge mo." ' ' I swear it, my father,' 1 answered. ' I swear I will stamp the men of the tribe of Halakazi flat, everyone of thom except those of my own blood, and bring their women to slavery and their children to bonds!' ' ' Big words for a young mouth,' said my father. 'Yet you shall live to bring these things about, Galazi. This I know of you now in my hour of death : you shall be a wanderer for the few years of your lifo, child of Siguyana, and wandering in another land you shall die a mau's death, aud not such a death as yonder witch has given to me.' Then, having spoken thus, ho lifted up his head, looked at me, and with a great goran he died. ' Now I passed out of the hut, dragging tho body of the dead girl after me. In front of the hut were gathered many headmen waiting for the end, and I saw that their looks were sullen. ' ' The chief, my father, is dead !' I cried iu a loud voice, ' aud I, Galazi, who am the chief, have slain her who murdered him,' and I rolled the body of the girl over on to her back so that they might look upon her face. ' Now, the father of the girl was among those who stood before me, he who had brought her to the deed, and his heart was maddened at the sight. ' ' What, my brothers ?' he cried. ' Shall we suffer that this young Zulu dog, this murderer of a girl, be chief over us ? Never. The old lion is dead, now for the cub !' and ho ran at me with spear aloft. '1 Never !' shouted the others, aud they, too, ran towards me, shaking their spears. ' I wuited, I did not hasten, for I knew well that I Bhould not die them, I knew it because of my father's words. I waited till tho man was near me; he thrust, I sprang aside, and drove my spear through him, and on tlie daughter's body the father fell dead. Then I shouted aloud, and rushed through them. None touched me ; none could catch mo ; the man does not live who can catch me when my feet are on the ground and I nm away.' ' Yet I might try, said TJmalopogaas, smil- ing, for of all lads among the Zulu he was the swiftest of foot. 'Piret walk again, then run,' auswered Galazi. 'Take up the tale,'quoth TJmslopogaas; it is a merry one.' 'Something is left to tell, stranger. I fled from tho country of the Halakazi, nor did I linger at all in the land of the Swazis, but came on swiftly into the Zulu. Now, this was in my mind, that I would go to Chaka and toll him of my wrongs, asking that he would send an impi to make an end of the Halakazi. But while I journeyed, finding food and shelter ns I might, I came ono night to the kraal of an old man who know Chaka, and had known Siguyana my grandfather, and to him, when I had tarried there two days, I told my tale. But the old man counselled, me against it, saying that Chaka, the king, did not love to look on shoots sprung from the royal stock,' and would kill me j moreover,. the man offered me a place in his kraal. Now, I held that there was wisdom in his words, and thought no more of standing before the king to cry for justico, for he who cries to kings for justice sometimes finds death. Still, I would not stay in tho kraal of the old man, for he had sons to come after him who looked on me with no liking ; moreover, I would be a chief to myself, even if I lived alone. So I left the kraal by night and walked on; not knowing where I should go. ' Now, on the third night, I came to a ' little kraal that stands on the farther side of tho river at the foot of the mountains. In front of the kraal sat an old, old .woman, basking in the rays of the setting sun. She saw mo, and spoke to mo, saying, * Young man, you are tall and strong and swift of foot. Would you earn a famous weapon, a club, that destroj's all who look on it?' ''1 said that I would have such a club, and asked what I should do to win it.' ' 'You shall do this,' said the old, old woman : ' To-morrow morning, at the first light, you shall go up to yonder mountain,' and she pointed to the mountain where you are now, stranger, where the Stono "Witch sitB for ever waiting for the world to die. ' Two-thirds of tho way up the mountain you will come to a path that is difficult to climb. You shall climb the path and enter a gloomy forest. It is very dark in tho forest, but you must push through it till you come to an open place with a'.wall of-rock behind it. In the'wall of rook is a cave, and in tho cave you will find the bones of a man. Bring down the bones in a bag, and I will give you the club t' ' While Bhe spoke thus people came out of the kraal and listened.' ' Do not heed her, young man,' they said, ' unless you', aro woary of life. Do not heed her; she is crazy. The mountain is haunted ; it is the place of ghosts. Look at the Stone Witch who sits upon it ! Evil spirits live .in the forest, and no man has '.walked there for. many years. Her son waB foolish]: he went to walk^in vthe forest, .saying that' he cared nothing 'fór'ghosts, and'the Amatoiiga, tho ghost-folks killed him. :? That was many years ago, and none have' dared to seek his bones. Ever she sits here and asks of the passers-by that they should bring them, offering the great club for a reward; but they dare not. ' They lie !' said the old woman. ' There are no ghosts there. The ghosts live only in their cowardly hearts ; there are but wolves. I know that the bones of my son lie in the cave, for I have seen them in a dream ; but alas ! my old limbs are too weak to carry me up the mountain path, and all these aro cowards ; there is no man among them since tho Zulus slew my husband, covering him with wounds!' 'Now, I listened, Baying no word; but when all had done, I asked to seo the club which should be given to him who dared to face tho Amatanya, the spirits who lived in the forest upon the Ghost Mountain." Then tho old woman rose, and creeping on her hands went into the hut. Presently she returned again, dragging the great club after her. 1 Look on it, stranger ! look on it ! Was there ever such a club ?' and Galazi held it up before the eyes of TJmslopogaas. In truth, my father, that was a club, for I, Mopo, saw in after days. It was great and knotty, black as iron that had boen smoked in the lire, and shod with metal that was worn smootb with smiting. ' I looked at it,' went on Galazi, ' and I tell you, stranger, a great desire carno into my heart to possess it., ' How is this club named ?' I asked of the old woman. ' He is named Watcher of the Fords,' she answered, ' and ho has not watched iu vain. Pive men have hold that club in war and a hundred-and-seventy-and-three have given up their lives beneath its strokes. He who held it last slew twenty before he was slain himself, foi"this fortune goes with tho club -that he who owns it shall die holding it, but in a great fnshion. There is but one other weapon to match with it in Zululand, and that is the great ase of Jikiza, tho chief of the people of the Axe, who dwells in the kraal yonder ; the ancient horn-hafted Imbuhuzi, the Groan-Maker, that brings victory. Were axe, Groan- Maker, and club, Watcher of the Pords, Bide by sido there are no thirty men in Zululand who might stand before them. I have said, Choose,' and she watched mo cunningly through her borny eyes. ' She speaks truly now,' said one of those who stood, near. 1 Let the club be, young man; he who owns it smites great blows indeed, but in the end he dies by the assegai. None dare own the Watcher of the Pords.' ' A good death and a swift !' I answered, and pondered a time, while still the old woman watched me through her horny eyes. At length she rose, 'La ! la!' she said, ' the Watcher is not for this one. This one is but a child; I must seek me a man, I must seek me a man !' ' ' Not so fast, old wife,' I said ; ' will you lend me this club to bold in my hand while I go to find the bonos ; of your son and to snatch them from the people of the ghosts ?' 'Lend you the Watcher, boy? Nay, nay ! I should see little of you again, or of the good club either.' ' I am no thief,' I answered. ' If the ghosts kill me, mayhap you will see me no moro, or the club either ; but if I live I will bring you back the bones, or, if I do not find them, I will render the Watcher into your hands again. At the least I say this, that if you will not lend me the club, then I will not go into the haunted place.' ' ' Boy, your eyes are honest,' she said, still peering at me. ' Take the Watcher, go seek the bones. If you die, let the club be lost with you ; if you fail, bring bim back to me ; but if you win the bones, then he is yours, and he shall bring you glory, and you Bhall die a great death, at last holding him aloft among the dead.' ' So on the morrow at dawn I took the club Watcher in my hand and a little dancing shield, and mudo ready to start. The old woman blessed me and bade me farewell, but tho other people of tho kraal mocked, saying : ' A little man for so big a club ! Beware, little man, lest the ghosts use the club on you !' So they spoke, but one girl in the kraal-she is a granddaughter I of the old woman-led me aside, praying me not to go, for the forest of the Ghost Moun- tain had an evil name: none dared walk there, since it was certainly full of spirits, who howled like wolves. I thanked the girl, but to the others I said nothing, only I naked of the path to the Ghost Mountain.', 'Now, stranger, if you have strength, come to the mouth of tho cave and look out, for'the moon is bright.' the narrow'mouth of the cave. There, above him, a great grey peak, shaped like a seated woman, towered high into the air, her. chin resting upon her breast, the place where the cave was being, as it were, on the lap of the woman. Below this place the rook ran down' sharply, and was clothed with little bushes. Lower down yet was a forest, great and.dense, that stretched to the lip of a cliff, and at the foot of the cliff, beyond the waters of the river, lay the wide plains of Zululand. 'Yonder, stranger,'said Galazi, pointing with the club Watcher of the Fords far away to the plain beneath ; ' yonder is the kraal where the aged woman dwelt. There ÍB the cliff rising from the plain, up which I must climb; there is the. forest where dwell the Amatongo, the people of the Ghosts ; there, on the hither side of .the forest/ runs the path to the cave and here is the cave itself. See this stone lying at the mouth of the cave, it turns thus, shutting np the mouth of the cave-it turns gently ; though it is so large, a child may move it, for it rests upon a sharp point of rock. Only this, the stone may not bo pushed too far ; for, look, if it came to here,' and he pointed to a mark in the mouth of the care, ' then that man must be strong who can draw it back again, though I have done it myself, who am not a man full grown. But if it pass beyond this mark, then, see, it will roll down the, neck of the cave like a pebble down the neck of a gourd, and I think that two men, one striving from within and one dragging from without, scarcely could avail to puah it clear. Look, now I close the stone, aa is my custom of a night, thus'-and ho grasped the rock and Bwung it round upon its pivot, on which it turned as a door turns. 'Thus I leave it, and though, except those to whom the secret is known, none would guesB that a cave was here, yet with a puah of the hand it may be rolled back. But enough of the stone. Enter again, stranger, and I will go forward with my tale, for it, is long and Btrange. ; '1 started froui tho 1 kraal of the old woman, and the people of the kraal followed nie to the'b'rihg bf the'river.' It'was in flood, and few hid dared to cross it. . .. ..:;<ir.:i. . | .: ' Î Ha 1' ha I'-, they cried, ' now your joúrnéy is done,' little mail ; 'watch''by "the ;ford' you who Would "win the 'Wätcher ' of tbe'jFord ! Beat the water with the club, perhaps so it shall grow gentle that your feet may pass it!' 'I answered nothing to their mocking, only I bound the shield upon my shoulders with a string, and the bag that I had brought I made fast about my middle, and I held the great club in my teeth by tho thong. Then I plunged into tho river and swam. Twice, stranger, the current bore me under, and those on the bank shouted that I was lost ; but yet I rose again, and in the end I won the farther Bhore. ' Now those on the bank mocked no more; they stood still wondering, and I walked on till I came to tho foot of the cliff. That cliff is hard to climb, stranger ; when you are strong upon your feet again, I will show you the path. Yet I found a way up it, and by midday I came to the forest. Here, on the edge of tho forest, I rested awhile, and ate a little food that 1 had brought with me in the bag, for now I must gather up my strength to meet tho ghosts, if ghosts there were. Then I rose and plunged into the forest. The trees are great that grow there, stranger, and the leaves of them are so thick that in certain places the light is as that of night when the moon is little. Still, I wended on, often losing my path. But from time to time between the tops of the trees I saw tho figure of the grey Btone woman who sits on the top of Ghost Moun- tain, and shaped my course towards her knees. My heart boat ns I wonded through the forest in dark and loneliness like that of the night, and ever I looked round searching for the eyes of the Amatongo. But I saw no spirits, though at times great spotted snakes crept from before my feet, and perchance these were the Amatongo. At times, also, 1 caught glimpses of some grey wolf as he slunk from tree to tree watching me, and always high above my head tho wind sighed in the groat boughs li Ito the sighing of women. ' Still, I went on, singing to myself as I went, that my heart might not faint with fear. At length, towards the end of the second hour, the trees grow fewer, the ground sloped upwards, and the light poured down from the heavens again. But, stranger, you are weary, and the night wears on ¡ sleep now, and to-morrow I will end the tale. Say, first, how are you named ?' ' I am named Umslopogaas, son of Mopo,' he answered, 'and my tale shall be told when yours is done ; lot us sleep !' Now, when Galazi hoard this name he started and was troubled, but said nothing. So they laid them down to sleep, and Galazi wrapped Umslopoguas with the skins of bucks. But Galazi the "Wolf was so hardy that he lay down on the bare rock and had no covering. So they slept, and without the door of tho cave the wolves howled, scenting the blood of mon. (iii bil wntimicd in Saturday's issue.) 