THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (L200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. MIr Thomas Caskiu, of. o. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many. being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all be had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. MIr Gaskin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago I never had lost an hours' work tllrough sickness. In December, ISS2, whiLst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, imy appetite fell away, I had dreadful pains after eating, a had taste in my mouthl, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. 3My chest used to ' fill up ' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirtat the neck. I vomuited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green pllegn. I had a racking congh, and would eogli and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and lind to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottinglham Hospital, and after attending thlare fir six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with ite. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a chalige of air. So I came to ])arley Abbey and my forsler master gave ms an indoor recomnuendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds iii the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You art in a galloping consqump tion, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. "Getting a trille better my old master allowed ise to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this till December, ISSS, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down conl pletely. 'I was always coughing aild spitting sip phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacup ful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke inc. At this time the whites of lmy eves turned yellosw, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry ani parched and I often broke out. into a cold clammy sweat. My I tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but s as so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no real rest: Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at liny hands-nothine lbut skin and bone, and was so nervous f couldn't bear tlhe least noiso, and the children at play quite upset me. SThe doctor kept on attending me, but he said 'I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, beeause your. lungs aro dis eased. Ithen gave over.taking his medicinu and tried everythilg I coilll hear of. One thing was a colgh cure from u ondop that cost "2s, a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, 'Well, you won't cough mnlull longer, you have merely to prepare for another world? "About the middle of .March, 1889; a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at larley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup and told me how he. had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this -medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smitlh's Stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an ?.vacuatlon black ai hilk, aid vomited. Then I fell asleep aiid felt 'rested when I awoke. After taking-the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few, days more I was'ablo to go out'for a short walk.-I By the end of a fortnight I went to see my ni?ster, who asked what had wrought- the improve inent, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had -saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work'since. :" S"Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months 1 was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.'! In giving his consent to the publication of this reuiarkable statement, Mr Gaskin re qrtests tis to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tihe facts alleged. Mr (askin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years alil'bears an excellent reputation: Now what was the complaint from which lihe silffered? Not galloping consutohntion, certaiinly - 'oune of the doctors thoughlt), or I he wouhl have galloped i;nto hii grave in less thian three monthi, mnstCadi of growing worse for spreu ypars. His colmplahit was chronic inthlainoiotory dyspcpsia (cr chronic gastric catarrh), whlichl hasn lung symlptoms like con I su:ptioui, for which it is so oftgn i"borantly :mist.aketn and wrongly treated. Vhell tlhe right remledy, Mother Seigel's Syruli, was f used the disease yielded, as all diseasts of s the digestive tract do yield to that mnagnili. s cent preparation. We heartily congratulate SIMr Gaskiu on his recovery, and commend 3 the facts of his case to all thinking people. 