A PRIVATE TRIAL. A gentleman oallod on me somo fow daya back, and after introducing himself stated that he had a lad whom he had brought with him from tlio old country on purpose to fight, Qriffo. After learning exactly what ho wanted, I asked him to give moa trial— lot mo see how! tue iau snapou. xo tins lie' willingly agreed, and on Monday morning I, in company with two or three others and the lad in question; quietly went round to a woll-known sporting resort and ferrottod out dandy Jaok Fuller. Aftor explaining my mission, Fuller readily' consented to give the lad a trial. So we adjourned to tho dressing-rooms, whoro tha ladB stripped, and prepared to set to work on eaoh other for a few rounds. The English lad comes with good credentials, and was said to bo a real fighter, but no boxer. Well, Jdokf Fullor started iu at.him, and tho lad tried to return Jack's left and right compliments, but be couldn't touch him. How Jack did belt that lad. He was game all-right, but ho couldn't fight enough to keep himself warm. After threo short roundu the youngster was vory' glad to cry nno'ugh, Fuller having liim dead to the world by that timo. Of course it iB only fair to stato that the lad was dead out of cou dition and as fat as a pig; still for all' that he . wouldn't have a ghost of u chanco with Griffo, who would simply out him to pieces. I advised tho gentleman who brought him out here to put him into training at once so that we could ' seo what ho was: like iu' condition, and thon1 match him against a socond-rate Ost lad ovor here. He can take, any amount of punish-1' inont, but is terribly slow with both loft and right, aud will probably tako some time to get into his real form, which I shall hopo to soa later on. i;:. .;??':,:? ,???? ; .?-;'?'??-? -:':.'.:-- Owing to yostorday boing Queen's Birth day, and consequently no afternoon delivery of lotters bomg mado, our ' Melbourne Sport ing Notes ' are lying at tho Post' Office, and* despito strenuouB efforts, wo have been uuabla to got: them. The London Pink 'Un says — Tho annual forfeit list for 1891 is the most unpretontions' dobumont that ever wus issued from Old Bur lington-stieet. It is not so long ago that this list filled throe or fonr pages ot tho Racings Calendar, and for uuoh races as the Derby and St. Leger thoro would be half a score or more of defaulters. '? All this is now altered. Only one owner has failed to pay up over Common's St. Loger, aud the monej is worth 20s in tho £. There is, too, only ono defaultor over the Derby, and that is an unknown man.' 1 he most oxtraoi dinary recoid is m connec tion with N6\\\ market. Thoro aro eight meetings held flioie, aud tlio only money .out standing is £8 5s, of which half in good money. There never has been such: a record as this. The most intorosting item in it is- the namo of one who might, wo' know, have had/' .£10,000 for his horse j but ho refused it. A meeting of tho amateur athletes in tho Telegraph Department has bocn callod for this Wednesday c-v oiling, May 25, at Mil. thoipe's Hotel, lor the puiposp of forming a humor club. Mi R. II Allais is lion boo. pro tern , and feels confident that the club, when formed, will be one of the Wrongest in Syduey. It is to be oallod 'the Telegraph'' HttllOM. ' ' ' ' , ' ' 