AUSTKALIAN MYTHS. (U BELGRAVIA.,:) Tho Australian aborigines have a curiou3 myth with regard to the origin of water. They say that-originally there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfort ably without it till one day some adven turous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was held and they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native listened to their com plaint and told them that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a'cave at tho' top of one of their highest mountains. All that was re quired'was- to make him laugh, when the water would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held, when it was de cided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and . natives and, animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in tho way of laugh raising. The first to make the essay was the- ass. He brayed so loud that he might^have been a demagogue ex patiating on the crimes of the classes as against tho virtues of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, he cut the most fantastic capers, all to no use, and the toad did riot so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self-satisfied air as though he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for the vanity df feathered aspirations, his crow ing and flapping of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after tho other all the animals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came the eel wriggling along on the ground^., and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid, and watched its contor tions. .Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and wilked along on hi3 head and his tail. Those watching the gigantic toad saw the muscles of his mouth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked solely on his head. L.J ! and. behold, tho toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing" this the eel redoubled his efforts, he twisted himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on his headand tail. This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the moun tain Bide, and spreading over the country formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, c imo the natives, rejoicing that at last tfiey would have abundance of water. The following story, shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they onco inhabited. A man travelling in the country of a friendly tribe came upon n. deserted habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction the family had taken, and all around about the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. He found tracks leading to a tree in which . bo soon discovered a dead body. Atixiiius to know who had died he laid down his rug and weapons at the feot of the tree and ascended it. On removing tho opossum rug from the face he found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. - Ho had not gone far when he heard some magpies making a great noise as though they saw something strange. Ho turned round to see what it was and to his terror saw tho ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, but managed to address it in these terms ; ' Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never did you any harm 1' It nevor spoke, but followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. When he reached hi3 friends he told thorn what had happened, showed them hi3 back laceratcd and bleeding ; and said ho had a presentiment that something bad would be C- 11 i.:". l a- i: fall him before long. At tho next meeting of the tribes ho was speared through the heart. TOOLS OF THE PYRAMID BUILDERS. - A two years' study atGizi'h lias convinced Mr. Flinders Petrio that the Egyptian stono woikers of 4,000 years ago had a surprising acquaintance with what had been considered modern tools. Among tho many tools used by the pyramid builders wore both solid and tubular drills, and straight and circular saws. Tho drills, like those of to-day, were set with jewels (probably corundum, as tho dia mond was very scarce), and even lathe to''Is had such cutting edges. So remarkable was tho quality of tho tubular drills and the skill of tho workmen that the cutting marks it: hard granito gave no indication of wear of the tool, while a cut of a tenth of an inch was mado in the highest rock at each revo lution, and a hole through both the hardest and softest material was bored perfectly smooth and uniform throughout. Of the material and method of making the tools nothing isltnorcn. 