GEELONG BOTANIC GARDEN. It is to be regretted that on so fine a site as the Eastern Park in Geelong a larger expendi- ture could not have been made at the com- mencement, but as the work had to be done at the expense of the ratepayers while the town was comparatively small and poor, great economy had to be exercised, and the same is the case to the present day. Had the Park been in the neighborhood of Melbourne, things might— in fact would—have been different; or even if the immense amounts lavished on the public gardens at Melbourne had been fairly dis- tributed throughout the colony, the Geelong Park—greatly and pleasantly undulated, whence on the one hand a fine stretch of country is to be seen, on another the broad bay, with shipping, and the mountains beyond, constituting a scene that can hardly be surpassed for interest and beauty— might have been transformed into a charming pleasure garden, doing credit to the colony but, owing to the shortness of funds, only a very few choice trees or shrubs could be procured, and a large portion of the ground had to be planted with gum trees, which, as a matter of course, succumbed after 20 or 30 years and had to be removed, leaving the ground distressingly bare, instead of the pleasant shady walks and hand- some groups of trees and shrubs there ought to have been. Much planting has, however, been done since Mr. Raddenbury was appointed curator, nearly 20 years ago, but the trees, having been planted on the turf, have not made the progress they perhaps might have done had there been the means to lay out the ground in clumps and groups of trees and shrubs in various shapes and sizes, and maintain them in proper condition, which, however, cannot be effected under present circumstances. As much as can be is, however, done to keep the orna- mental portion, known as "The Nursery" in a satisfactory condition, as it is at present, to the credit of the curator and the few hands allowed. In this is located the already celebrated fernery, which, so far as our knowledge or ex- perience goes, is certainly the finest specimen of the kind in Australia. It is in capital condition at present, everything in it being in the most luxuriant state of growth. Not being confined to ferns alone, there are a number of palms which have made surprising growth and present a most magnificent appearance; so rapidly have they grown that they are likely soon to become too large for the allotted space, which is cer- tainly not small, judging by the size those plants attain under ordinary circumstances. Among the most conspicuous are:—Areca Baueri, of wonderful growth, a magnificent speci- men; Chamærops humilis; C. excelsa, Brahea filamentosa, Phœnix acaulis, P. tenuis, P. reclinata, Kentia Fosteriana, Jubæa spectabilis—making very vigorous growth, showing that such a situation suits it better than when entirely exposed; Ptycchos- perma Alexandræ, beautiful; besides several others. Among ferns some of the most note- worthy are:—Dicksonia Youngiæ, Alsophila Cooperi (a grand specimen), Polystichum angu- lare proliferum, Pteris tremula caudata, Gym- nagramma calomelanos, Lastrea acuminata, Pteris argyrea, Pt. umbrosa, Aspidium capensis, Asplenium nidus (Nest fern); Adiantums are numerous, and thrive finely. There are in all about 400 species and varieties. Among other plants are:— A fine specimen of Musa ensete, perfect in its foliage, the winds not affecting it; Strelitzia reginæ, Alocasia gigantea, a magnifi- cent species; Macropiper exelsa variegata, Dendrocalamus spathifolia, Bambusa nigra (bamboos), a fine plant of Ilex insignis, Aralia indica and Buginvillea Hessiana. Numerous climbers are attached to the sides and elsewhere, including Tacsonias, Lapageria, Phaseolus Cara- calla (Snail-flower), a curious climber known as Kangaroo's foot. The posts that support the roof are getting covered with dwarf varieties of Ivy, which are particularly adapted to the pur- pose, climbing and attaching themselves to the timber without much trouble, making the posts look quite pretty. There are also ponds, with fountains, in which aquatics are grown. A large number of plants of Azalea indica are growing in pots, plunged half their depth in the soil of the side borders, where they thrive admirably. The rockeries or rooteries, which close up one end of the fernery, are now well covered with plants, which sufficiently hide the surface, and, finding plenty of soil for their roots, are in a thriving condition. On these and some other smaller rockeries at the ends of the greenhouses is a fine collection of succulent plants, including the beautiful Cereus Bridgesii and C.. atropur- pureus. Indoors, there are not many plants in flower at present, though the greenhouse has evidently been very gay during the season. The orchid house is well filled with plants, which are clean and in good health, including 30 or 40 species and varieties. Among those in flower are:— Cypripedium Spicerianum and Peristeria elata (Holy Ghost plant), with a flower stem 6 feet in length and leaves in proportion. There are also several of the pretty leaved Bertolonias, and Sonerillas. Dischidia nummularia is a com- paratively rare trailing plant with white flowers, a member of the Asclepias order. Maiden Hair ferns and saleginellas are very numerous, including many species and varieties. In the greenhouse one of the most interesting plants is Primula obconica, a perfect gem, which ought to be extensively cultivated; the flowers are of a pinkish color; the foliage also is handsome. Tuberous Begonias are numerous, and have been very gay. There is also a great variety of the Coleus, one named C. V. F. Newman, a colonial seedling, has leaves which measure 10 inches by 7 inches. Begonia albo-picta is a very pretty species. Dracæna Draco—not often seen— forms a beautiful specimen; being an East Indian, it requires to be grown indoors. In this house and the stove are several palms in suitably deep tubs; among them is Kentia Wendlandiana. Palms, including those in the fernery, number 82 species. Among other plants are Aloe bulbifera, Ananas sativa varie- gata, Æchmea tricolor, Brownea grandiceps, B. oriza and B. hybrida. Calamus rotang, Cos- tus elegans, Cypripedium Harrisianum, C. javanicum and C. Sedeni (in flower), Pellionea pulchra, Dracæna elegans, Ardisia oleifolia, Guzmannia picta, Anthurium Lindeni. Out of doors everything looks well, although there are not so many flowers as there have been. The sloping border on the east side has been widened, to the extent, of 30 foot being 158 yards long and is planted with roses. Below is a still wider portion, devoted to Chrysanthe- mums, with Zinnias intermixed, which have made a grand show, perhaps rather too much of a good thing; and we cannot help regretting that the shrubs which previously occupied the ground have been removed. The walk between the roses and the Chrysanthemums is bordered on one side with Hyacinths and on the other with tulips. Another walk is bordered with Antirrhi- nums and Pentstemons. Near the entrance are some large specimens of very vigorous palms on the margin of a pond. Sternbergia lutea is in flower; also a species of Hæmanthus and Cosmos bipinnatus—sown in spring. Cathartocarpus Brewsteri is a very handsome large shrub with yellow flowers. Among pines is a fine plant of Picea grandis, one of the rarest species. The trees in the Orangery have greatly improved since the latticed roof was taken off. The Tree Tomato (Cyphomandra betacea) continues to thrive, but its value is doubtful, as the fruit is so late in ripening, it contains more acid than the tomato. Mr. Raddenbury has not been so successful with seedling Verbenas as in some previous years. Among those in the collection the following are very beautiful:—A sport from the Mayor of Geelong, with white ground and a pink blotch on the margin of each division of the corolla. Ajax, scarlet with white eye. Three years ago Mr. Raddenbury had given to him a specific for the Woolly Aphis of wonder- ful power; it is in the form of a white powder, of which a very small pinch was placed in a slit of the bark of the stem of the tree near the ground and covered with a bandage to prevent its falling out. The aphides presently disap- peared, and no trees could be cleaner than those operated upon. Unfortunately, the gentleman who furnished the powder declined to make known his secret. Mr. Raddenbury has also got a specific for the destruction of slugs and snails, but in this case it is a well known substance and easily obtained, being merely the refuse tobacco from a cigar manufactory. Snails used to be very numerous in the garden, but a sackful of tobacco refuse having been obtained for fumi- gating purposes, one of the young men thought of trying its effects upon the snails, so he laid down a handful in a ring around the base of a bush which he knew was infested with them, and next morning he found dozens of them lying dead inside the ring. Now aviaries have been made, and filled with a numerous collection. 