-~ MASKELYNE AND MAGIC. k A New Boo? ox Tint "SurrERnATU.AL.'" (Ir'LL 'rALT. sul.cerE.) In the present marvel fever-with the Mabatma boom of the Dily /lChroenicle tailing off, and the Ghost boom of the Review of Re- c ci,,r s, while London and its leader.writers are excitiug themselves over a Magnetic Lady who out-Sandows Saudow by mere vril power-nothiung could be more wholesome and opportune than a good, thorough.going, Philistine book on "The Supernatural ?" from a conjuror'spointof view. The present epidemic of credulity is fair excuse for any little excess of cut-and-dried assumption on " the other side. And if the student finds .Messrs. Weatherly and Maskelyne, with all their shrewd cmcumon-senseaud practical ex perience,justa trifle too cocksure, less particu lar people will find them decidedly readable "which, perhaps, is the main point. A doctor .of medicine treats sense deceptions, dreams, hriosts, and phantoms of the dead and the living from a strictly scientific point of view; while Mr. MIaskelyne. the modern magioian of the Egyptian Hall, regards Oriental jugglery, spiritualism, and Theosophy from the distinctly practical side. nnx:AMs. Let us begin with the chapter on dreams. Remarking-that dreams were at one time .regarded as being divinely inspired, Mr. "sVoatherly writes as follows: " Certain dreams do sometimoes appear as if tlhev'WLer sent for a special purpose, but even tl:e so-.clled authentic ones coming under this !eading are few indeed. In look 'iig even at these, we must, I fear, view them th a doubtful es; for what fiction will ent credulity will receive and exaggeration Dreams may, it a fiyr rs, dintotwo classes-Dream Illhsloes and Dream IIHalu cinations. A drraeu illusion, we are told, would be caused by suelthing atfeoting one .of the sense organs, and dtarting either out sidethe sense organ or in the sense organ itself; whereas a dreas: hallucination has its o:igin in the brain itself, aid is purely sub jective, having no objective basis whatever. If, for example, a bright light shines upon the closed eyes of a sleeper, he may dream that he is watching a fire; a red light will often suggest a tempest and lightning: while a bottle of eau do Cologne placed under his nose will cause the sleeper to imagine himself in a perfumer's shop. It is thought by Wundt that the involuntary extension-of Sthe foot of the sleeper causes the ,common dream illusion of falling over a precipice. Atthe same time a good many dreams perhaps the majority of them-ha-le their origin in the brain itself without any external stimulus to excite its nation. There is in each individual a certain balance of the cir culation in the brain which admits of the mind doing its work in:the most healthy and perfect manner. Let the circulation be ox cessive or deficient; that work at once ceases to be either sound or perfect. Drotms may often result from some fluctuation in the brain circulation. The quality of the blood .iJ also a leading factor in the causation of dreams, and often gives to them some definite chiracter. A OIROST TORYv-Axe ITS SEQUEL. From the discussion of dreams Dr. 'Weatherly proceeds to a consideration of ghosts and ghost stories. A.\ thus. Some years ago, in an article contributed to the Xinecten'h 'entue~y, there appeared the fol 19wing story, communicated to the writers by Sir Edmund Heornby, the late Chief Judge of the Consular Cojut of China and Japan :- "'It was his habit to allow reporters to come to his house in the evening to get his written judgment for the next day's paper. . . One evening, having gone to bed and to sleep, he was awakened soon hy ia rap at the door, which, whoan he took no notice, was repeated. In reply to his call, 'Come in,' the reporter solemnly entered, and asked for his judgment. Thereupon ensued a dialogue between Sir E. Hoirnby who referred him again mand again to the butler, protesting against the un warrantable intrusion-and the reporter, who persisted in his earnest request for his judg ment. Impressed at last by his solemn earnestness, and fearful of awakening his wife (who h lLpt sotmdlv during all the energetic, as dialogte), Sir Edmund gave him the.gist of the juuuasent, which he appeared to take down in shorthand, after which he apologised for his intrusion and withdrew. It was then just half-past 1. When Lady Hornby awoke, as she did im mediately, the whole incident was related to her. Next day, when Sir Edmund entered the court, the usher announced to him the sudden death of the reporter some time be tween I and half.past i. Tho cause of death as ascertained by It formal inquest, was hear, disease. The poor man had not left his house the night before." Here is a very interesting ghost story creditable alike to the narrator (or inventor) and to the conscientious reporter, who, in preference to standing before Mince, asked for his " ndgment " at the hands of Chief Justice Hornby. Btit what about the sequel? Some months afterwards the editor of the 'orth, Cbi,a i?-era:l submitted the fol lowing remarks to the attention of Mr. Klnowles : " 1. Sir Edmund Hornby says Lady Hornby was with him at the time, and sub soquently awoke. I reply, no such per son was in existence.., Sir Edmund's second wife had died two years previously, and he did not marry again till three months after the event he relates. " Sir Edmund mentions an inquest on the body. 1 reply, on the authority of the coroner, that no such inquest was ever held. "Sir Edmund's story turns upon the judgment of a certain case, which was to be delivered next day, the 20th of January, IS73. There is no record of any such judgment in the Supreme Court and Coesualar Ga-Et!e, of which I am now editor. "4. Sir Edmund says that the reporter died st 1 in the morang. T''his is wholly inaccuratej he died between S and 0 a.m., tafter a good night's rest." Let us hope that MTr. Stead's ghost stories will have a more solid foundation in fact than this, which appeared in the August pages of the .Sinetce,/lsl CLs· lt/. According to Dr. Weatherly, all phantasms are sub Jective, with, of course, the one ex ception of those caused by deception and trickery. ECxEP'nce:c AxD TfIC5EnY. n Deception and trickery" are fully dis cussed in the chapter which Mr. laskelyne contributes tothe book now before us. He devotes a section to Oriental jugglery-of which, speaking as a professional, he has but \--a poor opinion-describing at some length what are known as the "mango tree " and thd "basket " tricks. Concerning the Slatter, Mr. Maskelyne writes as follows: "The basket used is a common, rough wicker affair, so closely woven, however, that it cannot to seen through. It is almost soherical in shape, and has a narrow mouth, jimt large enough to allow the entrance of the juvenile who is apparently spirited away. The little boy or girl, as the case may be, is duced by the performer, andi promptly indfolded, ostensibly with the view of ehutting out from his or her view the awful doom which is imminent, but in reality it is more to blind the eycs of the spectator than those of the subject. The child thus prepared is placed in the basket, where it coils itself, head and heels together, around the inner periphery of the basket. In this position it as invisible to any one lookingin through the marrow opening which forms the mouth of the receptacle. Then theo play begins. The eword is thrust through the basket againand again, the performer usually concluding his operations by jumpiing into the basket, and trampling, supposedly, on its occu pant. Knowing the position assumed by the child, however, one sees that it is not possible to do any damage by that means. Tihis crime having been comtitecd, the basket is turned up and shown to be empty-so far as one can see. At this juncture the performer leaves no time for any ene to suggest an ex amination. Another litt'echldl often a twin brother or sister of the subject, who hlas been lying perdu round the corner, arrives on the acene, and is passedoff as the one operated upon. The donations are then collected as quiokly as possible, the traps collected to gether, and the performers vacate the scene of their exploits with all available expoedition. Wonderful, is it not ? And the blood I Well, well, I think you or I, reader, could managoe that. Our rucet.estrrs don't usually travel with a microscope." " Modern Spiritualism" is another subject to whih Mr. Mlashelyno devotes some atten tIon. He naturally finds little difficulty in disposing of the pretensions of the Foxes, of Home, of the Brothers Davenport, of Annie Feay, of Dr. Slhade, and of Eglinton. Miss ]'ny appears to have deceived a well-known sientific man; and-if for this reason only hl*r performance decrves tho.Epace which Mr. MIaskelyne has given to it: "'Some fiftte-n persons fromn among the audience the writes) sat in a circle round the Smediumn,' iher husband, 'Colonel' Fay, being one. The little b!onds then commenced to clap her hands with steady, rhythmlicesl and when darkness was made ' visible,' still the clapping continued, while- wonderful to relate-saistruments which had been laid upon the knees of the ' sitters' were played upon, etc., eto.; that is, the guitar was strummed in a the air, bolls were rung, knees pinbed,. whiskers tugged, old fogieschucked under the ohin by, oh ! such nice little hands, and the other interesting work of the spirits at a seances was gone through. Now, all this while, the ' Colonel' was in the circle, and supposing that the peeson to his right aud left, instead of holding, as they thought, his two hands, were really both holding one of { them, still he could do but little to assist his t Interesting spouse. She, still clapping thoseo dainty little palms, could do nothing for herself, unless, when the lights were extin guisbhed, she were to change her tactics, and beat-not her hands together-but one hand upon her forehead or arm, or any other ex posed part of her body which would produce 1 exactly the same sound, and leave the taper digits of one hand free to produce the mauni festations. To show the inmpossibility of any such thing, however, one gentleman may now holp the medium's hands. Still a bell rings, a guitar is strummed, and possibly the gentleman holding the-fair one's hands has his face fanned. How, thou, can all this be accomplished? Simply thus:--'Miss' Fay passes a bell to the ,Colonel's' mouth, which he shakes as a terrier does a rat, while his boot operates upon a guitar placed on the floor and produces the thrumming; and the medium, with a fan held between her teeth, will gently wave it in the face of him who holds her hands. And this is all that hap pened in the darkness; and this is what the scientific gentleman described as ' won derfnl I' " : TOM Tnl:itcK11 TO TtEO.MrnIT.'.r lilt r-e must leave c.piritualiem-in which no nut. iu. :-. nu ti elie?'re -oar Theosophy, a nubje,-t aL lpresent very much "ol the nail." The history of The?c.ophl'y, as Mr. 3Maskelvne very portinentlyobserres isbound up with that of itsfounder, Madamce lavatsky; andshewas a " vulgar adventuress." We need not follow the Piccadilly wonder-worker in hisdiscus sion of the IIodgeon expos6, which, like most people, he accepts as conclusive; but it may Snterest some of our readers (Theosophists or otherwise) to learn that Mr. Markelyno 1 magician.like-has a "card up his sleeve." Yes; notwithstanding his seeming indiffor ence, he has not been altogether idle. " If it should so happen that, contrary to t my expectations, the perpetrators of these f outrages on common sense still persist in a . their nefarious practices, let them beware ! In that oeas they will become fair game for me. - In the language of sport, I have r marked them down,' and can lay my I finger upon them. whenever I need to do so. a If it should be necessary. they may depend upon it that, though the trap is not yet laid,. SI am on their trask, ant I shall pursue 1 them as relentlessly as I have others before them." a With this reproduction of Mr. Maskelyne's r vague and tremendous threat, we may close his entertaining pages. 