DEATH OF CARDINAL MANNING. A VICTIM OF BRONCHITIS. ? j London, January 13. 3.10 p.m. I Cardinal Manning, who is suffering J from a severe attack of bronchitis, has become so ill that the gravest fears are entertained as to the consequences. His Eminence received extreme unction this afternoon. . j London, January 13, 7 20 y.ny. ' Tlie latest information concerning/ the health of Cardinal Manning states tkitit he is gradually growing weaker. . : London, January 14, 10 23 a.m. i His Eminence Cardinal Manning, Arch bishop of Westminster, died at - 8 o'clock this morning. / ; London, January 14?, 11.5 a.m. It transpires that the death of Cardinal Manning had been regjirded since mid night as inevitable. Tlie end came peace fully. ; One of the mosjfc prominent ecclesias tical figures of the nineteenth century, a wan who has made the influence of his personality felt oii the age in which he lived, whether in social or religious life, has passed away from the field of his earthly labors. By the death of his Eminence Henry Edward Manning, Cardinal Priest of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Westminster, not only has the Romish Church lest one of its most powerful pillars, but humanity at large has teen bereft of one whose place it will not be easy to fill. His exertions in the cause of philanthropic and temperance move ments, which brought him more directly ] in contact with the mass of the people, have made his name a household word among millions of Englishmen, while his abilities as a scholar and a theologian place him in the highest rank of the men of his own sphere and time. Among his many offices in the ranks of workers in the cause of temperance was that of presi dent of the Catholic Total Abstinence League of the Cross. Born at Totteridge, Hertfordshire, July 15, 1808, he was edu cated at Harrow and Balliol College, Oxford, where in 1830 he gradu ated B.A., taking first-class honors, and subsequently becoming a fellow of Merton College. For some time lie occupiedthe position of select preacher in the Oxford University, and having re ceived the appointment of rector of Lavington and Graffliam, in Sussex, in 1834, was, six years later, raised to the Archdeanery of Chichester. At this period he became an active participator in the Tractariau movement, which claimed for the Anglican Church the true heirship of the apostolic succession. In 1851 he resigned Iiis preferments and join ingthe Roman Catholic Church entered the 1 priesthood and seven years after founded the ecclesiastical congregation of the Oblakes of St. Borromeo at Baysvrater. The See of Rome conferred upon him the degree of D.D. and the offices of Provost of j the Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster, i Prothonotary, Apostolic, and Domestic i Prelate to the Pope. On June 8, 1835, ! after the death of his Eminence Cardinal Wiseman, he was elevated from the dignity or monsignor to that of Arch bishop of Westminster. On March 15, 1875, he was created a cardinal priest, i with the title of S.S. Andrew and Gregory, on the Cteliau Hill by Pope Pius IX*. Two years afterwards the Pontiff invested him with the cardi nal's hat in a Consistory held at the Vatican. Except the Papal See itself the Church had little else to bestow, and Ms eminence may well be said to have passed away full of those honors which it was in the power of the Church which he served to give. His most notable works before 1850 were four volumes of sermons, while in 1852 he wrote 'The Grounds of Faith,' and eight years after issued three lectures entitled ' Tlie Temporal Sovereignty of the Popes.' A year later he published another series of three lectures on the subject of 'The Last Glories of the Holy See Greater than the First,' and four lectures collated under the title of 'The Present Crisis of the Holy See ^Tested by Prophecy.' In 1862 he wrote ' The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ,' and in the following year ' Sermons of Ecclesiastical Subjects, with an Introduction on the Relations of Eng- ' land in Christianity.' ' The Crown in Council on 'Essays and Reviews,' a i Letter to an Anglican Friend,' fol lowed in 1864, and a second 'letter' ; — 'Tlie Convocation of the Crown in Council' — was issued in the same year. In the next year was published ; 'The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost, or Reason and Revelation ;' while in 1866 ' The Reunion of Christianity : a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy,' and 'Tlie Temporal Power of the Pope in its Political Aspect,' excited even more than usual attention. ' Ensland and Christen- i dom' appeared in. 1867, and next year ; 'Ireland: a Letter to Earl Grey' was : sent to the press. 'The (Ecumenical Council and the Infallibility of the Roman \ Pontiff: a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy' : was written in 1869, and another, 'The Vatican Council and its' Definitions,' in the 1 year following. 'Petri Priviligum : ; Three Pastoral Letters to the Clergy of the Diocese of Westminster' was issued in 1871, in which year 'The Four Great Evils of tlie Day' ran through two editions, exciting widespread interest by the treatment of the questions on which, it touched. ' The Fourfold Sovereignty of God' preceded ' The Dasman of Socrates,' ' which was published in 1872, while two years later ' Csesarism and Ultramontauism' appeared, and was followed by 'The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost' in 1875, and 'The True Story of the Vatican Council' in 1877. An interval of three years elapsed before the publication of 'The Catholic Church of Modern Society,' and three more prior to ths issue of 'The Eternal Priesthood.' The celebration of the cardinal's episco pal jubilee took place on Sunday, June 8, 1890, when his eminence was made the recipient of many congratulations and gifts. On this occasion the following interesting description of an interview with the late cardinal was published : — There are moments in the lives of all thoughtful men which are photo graphed indelibly upon their minds. And such a moment, the memory of which will remain with me unto my life's end, came upon me as I was sitting in a great room in the house of the Archbishop of Westminster, and opposite me sat the cardinal himself, who yesterday celebrated his silver jubilee. A pale ray of sunlight fell upon the crucifix that was there and upon the portrait of a prelate long since committed to the dust, and it fell upon the splendid face of him whom all Englishmen — Protestant and Roman alike — are proud to call 'Our Cardinal ;' and while he pondered ove . the long dead past a series of pictures flashed into my brain. I thought of the little three-year-old baby with the sea shell held to its listening ear, as though in that soft falling cadence he should catch the hum aud rear of the dim and distant future. I thought of the young and earnest Archdeacon of Cldchester, of nearly $® years ago, when he used to preach in that' j sweet old country church of Lavington. A nd as I thought thereon there came to my mind, as from a land that is very far off, those words which were first heard in the stillness of that summer morning years and years ago. And the scene as it may have been rose to my mind — the old church, the rustic congregation, the shafts of daylight streaming in at the window, and the drowsy stillness broken only by the beautiful voice of the young Anglicari. And suddenly every head is raised to listen, and. these words fall, first sadly and then trium phantly upon the hearers' ears, as the preacher looks back upon the past and into thy future — 'Old friends, old homes, old haunts, old faces, bright days, and swee t memories — all are gone, but the futwre is before us, all new, all enduring, ali divine.' And then raising my eyes I ?'beheld the man as in the present, aud ujjon his face visible the rest and peace assured to those who, weary and heavy lad an, hear and obey the bid ding voice. Such the moment, never to be forgotten, that came upon -me that morning. Having congratulated his eminence on his jubilee I questioned him on the relationship of the Catholic Church with the millions of the people. — 'How far,' I asked liim, 'does she concern herself with the absolute temporal welfare and condition of the people?'— 'She is true to the example of her Divine Master and lives among the people. And though,' added the cardinal with a bright and humorous smile lighting up his ascetic features, 'though lam not the Church yet I represent her here in Eng land, and I believe her mind on the great labor subject to be simply this : the entire system is founded upon the principle of what is called profit- sharing, or what I would express as a definite and known proportion between profits and ?wages. This is too large a subject to be treated in detail now, but I may say that I look upon capital (as it is called) and labor as equally essential to production, although labor can produce with a minimum capital, and the maximum of capital could not produce without labor. Labor is capital in the highest and most vital sense of the word, and their co-operation ought to be upon just and known proportions. This, I believe, to be the spirit and judgment of the church everywhere.' ' And now, your eminence, what is your opinion concerning the religious future of England? Is she drifting into atheism, as some hold, or will she be the future seat of Christendom ? In a word, has faith increased or decreased since you first took note of these matters ?' — ' I have had a long experience of nearly 60 active years of religious life. I believe that faith and religion have enormously risen and expanded in England, dating from the time o£ John Wesley in the last century, which was the lowest and basest religious condition of England. Religion had steadily declined since the time of Elizabeth until about 1760. The re action of Wesley and those following him both within and without the Estab lished Church has restored the fragmen tary Christianity which remained. There is a certain development of Nationalism among a small number of educated, and,' he very smilingly added, 'for the most part idle people. There is also much freethought, which appears to me to be irrational rationalism, or,' and here his eminence fairly laughed, ' or reason run to seed. There is also an immense amount of apathetic non-belief in the j material mind of the middle classes, a } good deal of acute scepticism among the educated artisans, and a sad amount of spiritual ignorance in the mass of the over-worked population. But I do not account this to be unbelief. When the truth is put before them they receive it with joy. I have faithful and fervent be lievers among my working men.' And then the cardinal gave me an interesting proof of this w Inch it is unnecessary to repent. 'Do you expect England will ever again be Catholic, your Eminence?' — ' I Jmow no example in Christian history in which a whole people having once been robbed of faith have ever returned to it as a whole. The return of Arian nations, as Lombardy and Spain, to Catholic unity is no example. But I have an unchangeable hope that both Christianity and the Catholic faith, which is its perfection, will continue to spread indefinitely among the English, because they never rejected the faith, but were robbed of it and have been born innocently into a state of priva tion.' 'One more question, your Eminence, and I -will liberate you, with a thousand thanks for your kind cour tesy. I have been told that there is a difference between the old Catholics and the converts. May I ask is that your experience ? Is there not some lingering vestige of the old Protestant spirit ?' — His Eminence smiled slowly and thoughtfully as he looked at me, and replied, 'Do you know that is a very burning question ! with me. I will answer it generally. In j matters of faith there is not one jot or , tittle of difference, for we are all disciples 1 of the same Divine Master, whose voice i has never varied from the day of Pente- j cost until now. In matters of opinion j outside the faith there is perfect liberty j among us, which never troubles us. The j old Catholics have, happily, inherited faith without effort and the strain of reasoning it out. Converts have had to find it in the sweat of their face. Per haps St. Augustine knew the reasons of I his faith and the evils of Pelagianism ' more sensitively than those about him 'n : Africa who had always been Catholic.' j 