ORCHIDS. It is etrange that eo few of our wealthy :olonists have so far cultivated these wonder ful and singularly beautiful plants. That they will irmw noil horo it nvirlpnrvHI hv those to bo seen in the houses at the Botanio Gardens and sometimes in the florists' windows. Mr. Newman at Houghton points with pride to a certain portion of Iub hothouse, and remarks that they ' can Ret almost any orchid to grow there.' Mr. Sewell has been singularly successful with hia recent importations of orchids; and the loan collection from the Gardens at the last Show was a rare treat for all lovers of these flowers. But there orchid culture serins to end to far as South Australia is concerned, though there is no sufficient reason for such indifference. Many colonists poseeas gluuhoueee, and some of tho most beautiful orchids can be successfully cul tivated in a winter temperature at night *cf 45° to 55°. Our summer temperature ie presumably warm enough for any orchid that is likely to rind its way to Adelaide; for in the 'East Indian House' orehid3 thrive in a day temperature of 75' to 903 during tho summer months. Of course some one will say that orchids are far too expensive to be cultivated by any but our most wealthy colonists ; and certainly the prices asked for those obtainable here are alarming. Ono recently described is offered at £5 5s., and most of us would think twice before buying even that beautiful Odon toglossum at that price. In excuse for such charges it may, however, bo urged that orchids take some time to recover from the change of climate and the voyage from Englaud, and sometimes die on the journey. Another troublo was thu3 stated : — ' We ordered twenty Phalaenopis of a certain va riety from .the Phillippino Islands, and only one ' of Iho twenty was the kind we wanted.' The others were very pretty, but it must have been annoying to be eo disappointed, and tho ono Fhalaenopsis could not be sold as cheaply as the importer intended to sell it. Here are the names of those which can be cultivated in what is called tho 'Peruvian House,' meaning one where the summer tem lierature ranges from 70° during tho day to GO* at night. The winter temperature at night is allowed to fall as low as 45* during tho coldest weather, and that degree of heat should not be difficult to secure iu this cplony. Ada aurautiaea ; Auguloa Clowesii, A. eburnea, A. Ruekerii, A. uniflora, Cattleya citrina,CoelogyneodoratiEsima,C.Gardneriana, Cypripedium acaule, C. calceolus, C.pubeseens, C. insigne. C. spectabile, C. trapaenum, C. Macranthum, C. venustum ; .Dendrobium Hillii, D. speciosum ; Epidcndmm Barkeria, l'j. Lindlcyanum, E. vitellinum ma jus ; Laelia albida, L. anceps and its varieties, L. autumnalis, L. raajalis, L. superbiens; Lycaste Deppei, L. Harrisoniae, L. Skinnerii ; Masde vallia ccccinea, M. Hariyana, M. ignea, M. Lindenii, M. maculata, M. Tovarensis, M. Yeitchiana ; Mesospinidium sanguineum, M. vulcanicum ; Odontoglossum grande, and a score more varieties, many of them exceedingly beautiful ; Oncidinm Barkerii, bifolium, cucul latnm, excav.itum, leucoehilum, maeranthum, phalacnopMs, Eerratum, soviatum ; Palumbina Candida ; Su nhopea grandiflora, and a dozen other varieties of this orchid, one of which was recently exhibited in tho Arcade. The above list is from a book published in 1800, and differs from the list of 'cool- house' orchids given in the ' Dictionary of Gardening' but very slightly. It will quickly be seen that two or three orders of orchidaceous plants do not enjoy a high degree of heat even in summer, while they contain some of the most pleasing forms of floral life. To most of us, however, the list is merely words which wo used to be told were 'signs of our ideas,' but now a-days names are said to bo invented to coiiCC-al thoughts rather than to express them. Let us take three or four from the list, and describe them as they appear to the ordinary eye, rather than in the terms used by botanists. Cypripedium insigne is very easy to cultivate, and not ex pensive. Under the name of tho Lady's Slipper it is very familiar to many of us, and it is readily increased by division of tho root stems. Tho flowers appear singly on long stows between the strap-shaped leaves, and are often 5 in. across, yellowish-green in colour, streaked with fine lines of reddish-brown, tho pouch-like l;ps being tawny-yellow with a paler tlisdo within! Cy))ripediuui Harri sianum is said to like a higher temperature, but it has bloomed with us in the e.imc house as C. insigne ; and C. Uookerao is valuable for its variegated leaves, as well as its flower containing brown, purple, and yellow tints. There are several choice Cypripediuins in the houses at the Gardens, and they retain their beauty for three or four weeks. Dendrobium Hillii is a native of New South Wales, and many plant? were recently sold here at auction, one of which was secured for eevenpence. This orchid is quite happy in my care, and has one very healthy shoot, and many new roots. In ' Orchids for Amateurs' it is stated that 'a- plant which blossomed in the cool orchid-house at Kew in 1873 produced twenty flower spikes, each measuring from 18 to 21 in. in length, tho number of individual Mowers being over 2,300.' It must have been a gorgeous Eight, with its waxy white flowers speckled or tinged with. blue. All tho Dendiobiums are very beautiful, one, Dnobile, thriv ing with us without special care, though in England it is placid r.nionc those requiring warm treatment. Another D. thyrsi tlorum was exhibited at a bulb Show in Victoria last September, and was a mass of beautiful anibur flowers. Cattleya citrina is placed in tho abovo list as the only variety which does not need a high degree of warmth. It is, as its namo im plies, of a lemon colour, and those of us who saw C. crispa at the last Show can only wish it wero obtainable hero at somo reasonable price. C. Dowiana is also grown in the houses at tho Gardens, and though said to require stove treatment it is placed in the same list as C. Eldorado, of which a young plant is growing vigorously with us. Lielia differs from the genus cattleya ' in the flowers having eight pollen masses instead ot four,' which is a distinction orly appreciable by botanists. To amateurs Lr^lia commends itself as requiring less heat in winter than its near relative, and L. anceps leaves little to be desired by its fortunate owner. Tiie pseudo ? bulbs are oval-shaped, with curious, almost angular edges ; the leaves are bright shining green, the flower purplish rose, with a deep lip of a darker purple, Ehadcd with rose. Tho script) bears from three to six Hower?, and tho plant is a native of Guatemala and Mexico. Masdcrallia Toynrensis is included among ' coolhouse orchids' by Messrs. .fames Britten, P.L.S., and W. II. Gowt-r, and its flowers aro strikingly beautiful. ' Tho peduncle springs from thu base of, and is a little longer than, tho leaves, bearing a pair of snow-white flowers of a remarkable and dis tinct form. One seen at Jloughton was dose to a Masderallia liigrescons, being considerably larger and handsomer than its c!:i'et-coloured neighbour. The varieties of Odoutoglossuin may for purposes of cultivation be divided into two groups, comprising— (1) those species which require a winter temperature not lower than DO', and (2) those which will endure cold as severe as 40* daring tho night. There aro said to be over a hundred .species, those seen here being O. grande, with handsome yellow flowers barred with brown ; O. llossii, and O. pulcliellum majus, which should bo a greai favourite from ita bearing masses of pure white flowers, which are very fragrant. l'alumbina Candida has received its name from its fancied resemblance to flying doves. It is pure white, and there aro three or four flowers on each stem. Another orchid, which has a name somewhat similarly bestowed, re quires a warmer temperature than l'alumbina, but is not difficult to cultivate. Peristeria elata, Dove, or Holy Ghost flower, ha? blooms which bear a remarkable resemblance to a dove sitting in her nest, and has been exhibited in Adelaide. Thu plant does not seem tobe deli cate, and its growth ia rapid and vigorous, well repaying what little care it needs. Perhaps the most familiar and popular of the 'coolhouse' orchids is Lycaste Skinnerii, which certainly deserves to be more generally cultivated. The pseudo-bulbs are dark green, bearing a single, long, broad, and dark green plaited leaf. The flower epilce arises independently of the leaves, and the bloom differs in tint on different plants. Tho sepals are each two or three inches long, of a waxy white hue, while the cup-like corolla is tinged with rosy red. Tho plant 13 a Dative of Guatemala, where it first attracted notice from its employment in the decoration of altars in the Churches. There are many other interesting orchids to be seen in this colony, some needing a greater degree of warmth than ethers, but all excusing the admiration which has earned for some cul tivators the title of 'orchid maniacs.' Aerides, Calanthe, Miltonia, Oiicidh'm, and mauy more have representatives here which amply repay a visit to the Piotanic Gardens or the florists' nurseries, and those who have seen a Phalaenopsis Schillerianum in all its wonder ful beauty will hardly grudpe its cost. - Of Ies3 expensive orchids Triehopilia suavia is one of the most beautiful, since its large fragrant white flowers continue in perfection for some weeks, and are produced in great profusion upon short stalks issuing from tho base of the dark green pseudo-bulbs. 