THE NOVELIST. Bob Martin's Little Girl. An Anstrnlfan Novel. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MUBBAY, Author ol .'Joseph's Coat," "Amit 'Bushel,"' "Bainhow Gold,"&o.; [Au. EIGHTS RESERVED.] [COMMENCED IH THB " Tow» AND COTOTKT JOUBNAL,' JANUARY 30.] CHAPTER XXXI.-(CONTINUED.) He was only mad-'"Nor*, nor'-west." Where money was concerned he could still tell a hawk from a hemshaw. The guard saw the matter in a somewhat different light, and smilingly compromised by à promise of a free return to Antwerp. ¿ Asa mere matter of fact, Antwerp and Brussels were ope to the fugitive. If he were dis covered to have taken a ticket for Antwerp, he could naturally be sought in that city, and then all trace of him would be lost for the moment. In the presence of his ghost these things mattered little, and in the Station du Nord, of the,Belgium oapi tal, the ghos't was back again. , ... Redwood had been revolving certain things in his mind, and had decided to bottom the mystery which for so many j ears had been unfathomable. He recog nised his own power over Hetheridge, and determined to put it into employment. When he appeared on the platform he saw at once 'hat the fascination he excited had undergone an abatement. Hether idge's eyes Ptill held him and his totter ing footsteps followed 1 im. He expressed his desire to break the journey and to stay in Brussels for the night, and having seen to the unloading of his baggage he turned to Hetheridge. ?' Come with me." He was obeyed as by a man in a mesmeric trance. Ile saw the wreck into a fiacre and gave the driver orders to follow his own vehicle to the Hotel de Suede, in the Rue de L'Eyeque. Arrived there, he asked for a private room, and after a .trifling delay, was conduoted into an upstairs parlor." ; . " Does monsieur require anything at present ?" asked the smart . chamber maid. . , " I will give my orders later on," George answered, and the girl retired, " Sit there," he commanded Hetheridge, pointing to a chair, " and answer the questions I shall put to you." . Being, obeyed, he fell to pacing to and fro, thinking how best to open his inquiry. There was a revulsion in his heart against the means he used, but the case was ex traordinary ,and not to be dealt with by common methods. " Listen to me/' he . said, pausing sud denly. " It is part of the punishment ordained to you that you shall tell me everything. What motive had you for that cruel murder ?" . Hetheridge tried in vain to answer, hut finally stammered out a few disconnected and unmeaning words. . .'Tell me the motive of your crime," Redwood repeated, sternly. Hetheridge, trembling with superstitious horror, unfolded all his., story. Redwood dragged it from him scrap by scrap, re morselessly, url til at length the truth stood revealed in nakedness. " I am quite broken," Hetheridge resumed at the finish, " quite broken, I ought to be a young man still,- and look at me. You might have mercy on me now ; for G od's sake, don't haunt me any longer. Have pity. Let me die in peace, I shan't he long, I can't be long." " If it were not for one thing," Redwood responded sternly, "I would have you hanged like a dog. If I could surrender you to the fate you want without soiling your daughter's name, I would drag you back to England and force you to confes sion." "No, no» no," . Boreamed Hetheridge. " Give me time. Let me have a Httle time. I must have time to recent; I must have time to make my peace with heaven." " You go scot free," said Redwood, using unconsciously the phrase which Hetheridge had found delightful j ears ago, and in which had lived so bitter an irony in all his latter time. " Your child's name shall not be despised hy any public rumor of your crime. You are free. Go ; carry your own punishment with you to the grave. If you can repent, repent, but let me see you no more." He cast the door wide open and pointed out to it with a commanding hand. Th« abject misery arose, still clutching bj instinct the precious handbag in which al his worldly belongings lay. He crawlec feebly to tbe door, and down the staircase pausing twice to look back: He disap> peared at the turning of the stairs, anc Redwood, falling on a sofa, hid his face ir both hands» It cost him an hour or two to recove] from the agitation into which th« singular interview had thrown hiin A bath in stinging cold water and complete change of raiment seemec necessary to purify him from the taint the mere physical nearness of nis father'É murderer had brought him. He had nol broken his fast since leaving London, and even now the food he tried to swallow seemed to choke him ; but he managed tc eat a little, and having finished his pint oi wine, he put" on his hat andf gloves and overcoat, and walked into the streets. The winter night; had fallen, but the .streete were ablaze with light and brisk with many passers to and fro. He had walked but a minute or two, when a loud, and excited voice arrested him. He looked up, and found himself in the immediate neighbor hood of the General Post Office, and there, with a ourious crowd about him, was a burly Englishman, vociferating in voluble but absolutely incomprehensible phrases Fench interlarded with English. Redwood recognised the voice and the burly shoulders as belonging to Sir Eus tace Wyncomb. He dashed across the road, and found the baronet engaged in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoulders, and who gasped and stared at him without understanding so much as a single word. " Sir Eustace !" cried Redwood. " What IB the matter? Can I be of service to you?" " Great heavens, Redwood !" cried the baronet. " That you should arrive at such a moment passes every thing. I havo just seen your father's murderer, the villain who called himself André Dorn. I knew him ina second; he was just starting to drive away in a cab. I dashed at him, but he cried out to the driver. I hung on for a minute, but I had a nasty fall at last. I should have known him anywhere amongst a million. I could swear to him. I collared this fellow, the first policeman I could come across, but I can't make him understand. He was wild with excitement, and now that he had time to observe him Redwood 'saw that he' was mud from head to' foot, and that one ungloved hand was bleeding. " Where are you staying, Sir Eustaoe?" he demanded. "At the Belle Vue Hotel," the baronet answered. " Let me call you a cab," said Redwood. " I will call upon y ou in an hour. Better ! I will go with you and you shall give me a full description of the man. I will write it out in French and have it trans mitted from the police station here by wire to every port and railway station. You are sure of the man ?" " Sure ?" echoed Sir Eustace. As sure as I am of my own existence. I tell you I'd swear to him among a million." The crowd stood round Wondering and jeering. George called a carriage, and the two were driven away. «Now tell me what the man was like.'' Sir Eustace desoribed Hetheridge to the life--bent, paralytic, bearded, the eyeB de fended by goggle glasses. " He spoke in French," he cried, " and I could swear to his voice aß well as to his looks. He knew me, too, the villain. If I had found him in a Christian country I'd have had him by the heels in gaol by now." " There has been a great lapse of time," George urged, desperately. In a "matter of such consequence there must be no mistake.'* "Man alive !" cried Sir Eustace, with impatience. " There can he no mistake. I tell you the sooundrel knew me. He got hack into the corner of the' carriage the second I went for him. I heard him speak my name under his breath, and then he shrieked out like a parrot in his own jar gon, and the fool of a cabman drove on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to open the door to get in, but I'm not BO young as I used to be, and it caused me a nasty tumble. I was within an ace of bping run over." i The cab was arrested at the entrance of Sir Eustace's hotel, and George assisted him to alight. ' " You have nothing more to tell me be fore I gop" 44 Nothing more, except that the black guard was well dressed. He wore a seal skin coat the like of which I should think it a sinful extravagance to buy. : Now, don't lose a minute, lad, and if you want I for money come to rae. I'd Bpend a thou j sand pounds willingly to run that fellow ¡down." 44 I will be with you in an hour," George answered, " and in the meantime I will communicate with the police. Drive me," he called to the driver, as he entered the vehicle, 44 to the Central Station of Police." 41 Do you know the lingo?" the baronet bawled to him, as the driver touched his horse. , , 44 Yes, yes," he answered,44 wait for me here. Sir Eustace." Teu minutes later he was face to face with the officer in charge of the Central Station. 44 Is there a detective officer in Brussels," he asked, 44 who will . undertake private busin eds?" The official answered that there were several. 44 Can you recommend me to a discreet and capable man in whom I carj repose ^confidence? ile may rely on being well paid." The officer wrote out an address ; George read it, thanked him for his courtesy, and drove away again, ready to spend wit and efforts, time and money, to save from justice the one man in the whole world whom he had oause to hate. 