THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would givo a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy. American recently. Now, a mil lion dolla-s (L200 000) is a deal of money, but he' was not able to buy the article even at that nrice. Mr Thomas Goskin, of No,-3, Poplar Row, Dar ley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich us many, be ing a gardener, but ho was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he Bhall tell it in his own way. Mr Goskin goes on to say ; "Up to eight years ago 1 nau never lost an nonr a worn xnrougn sicuness. In December, 1882, whi'st living at Becston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, 1 htiddreadtul pain uf'er eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter - o til ck and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest uted to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a groat deal, chic-fly a yellowish green phlegm. I had u racking cough, and would strain till 1 bled at the nose, and the blooi rushed out of my ears. I bteame exhaus'ed, and sli rt of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking abont, and my friends sa'd it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last tho doctors recommended me to try. a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the ' beds in the hospital were fn-1, and I saw my club doctor an >' a'so two doctors nt Derby. The first one said, ' You are iu a galloping consump'ioo, and must die ; the other doctors after Bounding my lungs and chest, 'said nothing, but shook their heads.' "Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and wonld be away for a few days. Things went on like this nntil December, 1888, when I caught cold, got, very short .of breath, an-1 brnke do-vn com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm sometimes as mach as a teacupful a once, and was af aid to go to sleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me. At this time ths whites of my eye3 turned yellow; and my eyes were bl -od- shot, -MyTips and mouth were dry and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like apiece of browa leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a st ine weight in three " weeks. ' "I managed to get up for a few boars at a time but was so weak ! had to take hold of the furniture' to move a few . yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was nevvr at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to road I often sat for houra looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bene, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do yon no ' go id ; 1 can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I thru gave ovar tikinghia me-iioioe and tri-wl everything I oould ' hear of. One thiDg was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. Bat noiliiug did ol-' < -id. and my friends who ca.u-i to a -e ma said, " Well, you won't cough much I- nger, you have merely to prepare for another world' '' " About the mi 1 Ue of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tathsm, who works. in the paper . mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seige-,s --yrup f and told me how ho had been : cured after being In the hospital- H-" spoke so- much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got n bottle at Jlr Smith's Stores in- Victoria-street. After the firat dose -I had an evacuation black as ink. and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested wheu I awoke. _ After taking the medioins for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short wa k. By the end of a fortnight I .went to see my master, who asked what had wrought tho improvement, and 1 told him, as I tell every oae, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had. saved my life. I commenced work at once, and: have never lost a day's work since, ' "Of course my strength did not return all at; once, but after taking Seig- l's Syrup for six months 1 was strong as ever in my life and have continued; bo ever since" , ,, . " .... In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or" to Mr Kcetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Ga-kin h-s lived at Darley Abbey '22 years and bears an excellent re- j putation. I Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly . (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, iuBtead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chron'c inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like consumption, for whioh it is so often ignorj autly mistaken and wronglv treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of ths ' digestive traot' do yield , to that magnificent preparation. "We heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on -his re covery, and commend the faots of his ease to all thintkS pobple. Advice to Mothers!— Are you broken in your rest by a aick child suffering with the pain of cut ting teeth ! Go at ouce to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs Wlvslows Soothing Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly liarmlefs and pleasant to taste, it pro duces natural, quiet slci-p by relieving tho child from pain; aud the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes ' tho child, it softens the gums, all&ys; all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs Wtnalow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is Ud ner bottle. 1 Kkating'8 Powder destroys bugs, fleas', moths beetles, and all other insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating beetles the success of this powder is extraordinary... It is per fectly clean in application/ See the' Article you purchase is c<KeatlBg,s;,, as imitations are noxious and neffectual. Sold in tins, 6(1, Is, and 2s 6d eveh, by all ohomint Fdoriline,— Fob the Teeth and Breath.— A few drops of tho liquid "Florilino," sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush, produces a pleasant latKer vhieh thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all para 'ito or impurities, hardens the gums, proventa, tartar, stops decay, gives tho , teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all nnnlnaennf from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. "The: Fragrant Floriline " being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is ' delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s . fid, of all Chemists arid Perfumers. Wholesale : lepot to 33, harringdnp Road. London, Knglnnd,. 'I hroat Affections and Hoarseness.— A euf- fering from irritation of . tbe throat and. hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost' imme- diate relief afforded by the use of. "Brown's , Bronohial .Troches." These famous "lozengeB" are now Bold by most respectable chemists in this P8r box. People troubled 'with a hacking cough," a " slight cold," or bronohial affections, caanot try them too Boon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious pulmonary and asthmatic utiectious. See that the words "Brown's Bronchial Trochee " are on the Government btamp around cacti box. Prepared by John I. Brownand Sons, Boston, United States, European depot 83, Farringdon load, London. Kmrbinri. Saccharine matter aud feussl oil are both at open war wi h nil renal disorders. So is certaio wgc- table matter known to exist, as chief ingredients, m many of the iriediciual compounds, placarded and pamphleted bt-forc the public, as ei ber substitutes for or imitations of V\ olfe's bchnapps This leadS iag i reparation is divested of both of these couati- tuenti, and is therefote recommended by the "best members of the tneuicffl faculty as a specific iu these ailments. 