A Strange War Story. At the breaking out of the civil war in the United States I was a mere boy, and our nearest neighbour was a florid-faced, kind-hearted, generous old Quaker. Both he and his good wife had been reared in the South, and after the liberation of their slaves from a sense of duty atill retained enough to surround themselves and family with all the comforts which the people of their simple faith care to possess. In those days their great stone house with its thiok walls, broad verandas, and low windows, met my idea of the castles whioh were mixed up with my meagre knowledge of medieval times. The macadamised road that ran through the farm was lined on either side with locust trees that in the period of blooming made the air heavy with the perfume of the graceful white blossoms waving in a background of green that they almost concealed. A never-failing spring that bubbled up through moss-grown stone was embowered in the overhanging branches of strongtrunked weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich sward and wound among towering maples. The garden bad the earliest, the latest, and the sweetest flowers. The stock was the fattest and the best cared for. The negroes who would not leave a kind master and mistress found a life of comparative ease and plenty with them. The handsome old gentleman was " Grandpa Water son" to all of us, and the wife, who allowed no visiting boy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellow apples, mince pie, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidenoe of a kindness that took all the world into her heart, was always "grandma." No nobler couple ever trod the pathway of life together, and the sorrows that earns upon them suggested to me as a boy the inscrutable ways of Providence. There were two sons in the family, models of physical perfection and manly courage. No handsomer oould be found. They were over 6ft. tall, had the light ourly hair, the blue eyes, and the fresh complexion so conspicuous in men of Anglo-Saxon origin. They were highly edu cated and idolised, not only by the parents but by the four fair sisters and untold scores of other peoples' sisters. One had gone West and soon established a popularity that placed him in a responsible public position. The other had remained at home and relieved Grandpa Water son of every business care. The startling news of aotive hostilities flashed over the country. Henry, the elder son, re signed hie office and surprised us all by appear ing one afternoon without previous notice. The warm family greetings over, Henry called his brother out for a walk, and, forgetful that "little pitchers have ears," they allowed me to saunter along. At the spring we all drank, and then followed a long tramp in the shade of the locusts. I almost let out a shout of mingled terror and surprise when I heard Henry say to Charles in the language they had always used at home: " Charles, I have decided to enlist." "I have already done so." " Thee can't mean it. Do father and mother know?" " I promised Ruth to tell them tonight. It's more terrible to me than the dread of war." . " Thee is nearer to them than I, Charles. I will break the news to father when we get back. No one can soothe mother or break the news so gently as he. lam more than sorry that thee has taken this step, for I came home to prevent it. I wanted to make sure that one son and one brother would be left. But it is too late. I have consented to command a regiment of ■harp-shooters and cannot honourably disap point them.' I wdl have a gallant lot of boys at my back." Here I broke away so full of importance that I ran at top speed, t was going to tell Grandma Waterson. I would not nave those two hand some fellows stopping bul lets. But I met Lydia, as pretty a maiden as ever donned a drab dress or dropped a modest pair of eyes, and called all her friends by their first names. "Lydia," I shouted between breaths, "Henry and Charlie are going to enlist. It must be stopped." But by that time the girl was pale as a ghost and leaning against the nearest tree. "Don't thee say another word," she com manded in a determined voice. " Not another word. This must come from brother Henry or brother Charles. But it will break mother's heart," and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just out of sympathy. Only in after years did I learn what followed. Henry, in his manly straightforward way, told his father all. Pleading, argument, and per suasion on the part of the afflicted old man were in vain. It was contrary to the doctrine of non-resistance, a tenet of the Church, it was raising the hand of his son against the relatives who wore left in the South, but the brothers firmly clung to their determination, gently per sisting and doing all possible to soften the poignant grief they inflioted. Grandpa Water son's lips quivered as he bade Henry good-bye, and the broken-hearted mother clung to the neck of her eldest born until unconsciousness released her from the pangs of actual parting. A few days later Charles rode forth on his own horse, a gallant black of Kentucky lineage, and everybody agreed that no finer, braver boy would do battle for the union. He joined the Ringgold Cavalry. Early in the war he was left wounded on the field and was kindly oared for by a southern family. His chief nurse was a pretty little rebel with soft wavy hair, great brown eyes, inviting lips, and a disposition as cheery as the clear sunshine after an April shower. No woman had a right to resist that big, brave, handsome fellow, and there the union soldier was betrothed to the bewitching champion of secession. Then Annie, for that was hor name, began to correspond with Ruth, and through this intangiblelink of connection the whole family fell in love with the little confede rate. Charles rejoined his troops as soon as able. After a desperate engagement his company was scattered aud he was hemmed in on every side except where the rugged mountains of Virginia towered up behind him. Boldly he turned the black, went flying over footpaths, leaping chasms and foroing his way where few could follow. But there were bold mountaineers in the chase, and when they brought Charles to bay the gallant stand he made, drawing his sabre when his revolvers were emptied, saved his life for the time. His desperate courage won the heart of the southerners, and they persisted until he was taken alive. He was sent to Libby, made his escape, went for days without food, and when at length he found it (so the story that readied us said) ate so muoh that death followed quickly upon the pangs of starvation. Henry's record was as brief as glorious. His regiment worshipped him. No man of them, westerners though they were, could outride or outshoot him. He led wherever he asked his men to go. A giant in strength, he was a hero in courage. At Pleasant Hill, La., he was shot from his horse but still fought on, and, after being fatally wounded, three of the enemy bit the dust before his hand dropped senseless to the ground. His remains came home, and never was brother, son, and neighbour more sincerely mourned. Charley's story was never learned until after the war. But now comes a sequel stranger than the story itself. Grandpa Waterson and his wife had borne their sorrows with a fortitude that only people like them can understand. They talked of their lost boys and together found a grim pleasure in reviewing the childhood, the youthful experiences, and the manly qualities of the dead sons. Tims and time have I seen them at the end of the front veranda, over grown with honeysuckles, sitting hand in hand talking of Henry and Charles. One day came a letter from Annie, an nouncing that she would visit the Watersons. There was great preparation, for she would have been Charles's wife had he lived, and she was dear to them in her own right, for she had never ceased to send those welcome letters, always bright and cheery save when Charles's fate forced its way into her thoughts. She came to a royal welcome. I imagine now that I was over- offioious in piloting her around, pointing out everything that Charles was ever associated with and gabbling away as a boy whose voice is at the hen- cackling stage of advancement will. " Thee is a great comfort to us," Grandpa Waterson used to say to Annie, and when grandma got her arms around the pretty southerner there was always a gentle kiss and a sweet-voioed assurance that Annie was just as dear as though she were a daughter. Then oame a surprise in the shape of a handsome, showy, bold-faced woman who an nounced herself as having been the affianced of Colonel Waterson, killed at Pleasant Hill. She had long meant to visit the family and make herself known, but had not been able to do so. Colonel Waterson had left everything to her, and she produced a will at that late day pur porting to have been made by him. She was weloomed with old-school courtesy, but there was a sober look on every face that she encountered. I called Annie out at once and held an indignation meeting, That woman was a fraud, and I knew it. Henry was not the man to fall in love with any such specimen of her sex. I dedicated my time wholly, then and there, to watching her movements and proving my opinion. The result will suffice without the details of my detective work. Grandpa Waterson's watoh was missed. All of Annie's most valuable jewellery disappeared, and the adventuress complained loud and often about robberies, charging that she never could trust " niggers." Then grandma would gently ohide her, and say:" Thee should not judge. All these people are old friends of mine and faithful." The fraud would turn up her nose and put on a look of contempt that always set me boiling. One day at the spring she leaned over to use the clear water as a mirror, and from some where about her person dropped the big gold watoh that Grandpa Waterson prised most as an heirloom. I had it in a twinkling, and the angry shouts of the woman only added to my speed. I told grandpa, told everybody. I wanted her arrested, but "Thee must leave this matter entirely to me" checked my ardour. " There must be no talk," he continued. " I will see that this womsn leaves us. Don't plead /or her, mother. I will only dismiss her that is all." And be did, after everything had been reco vered and the forged will destroyed. We never heard of her again. The very next afternoon there was a great clatter of a horse's feet up the hard road. The rider oame like a rocket, and we all rushed to see who it was. I think that every one fainted but Annie and myself. She emitted something between a shriek and a gurgle, vaulted over the veranda railing, and landed right in the arms of —big handsome Charley. He was alive. He was well. All that we had heard was false. He had survived his sufferings after a long illness in the family of a poor mountaineer, and there he was, the pioture of health, with Annie in his arms. I sprang into the saddle with a maniacal yell. I got two little darkeys on behind me. We tore over the yard in wild delight, and soon all the folks about the farm were shouting, cry ing, and welcoming Massa Charles. " God bless thee, son," was all grandma could say then, while the good old gentleman blinked, tried to look calm as the tears rolled down his cheeks, and then he sobbed: " Charles, Henry's wish is fulfilled. Thee is left to bless our old age, and thee has also brought us Annie."— Detroit Free Prets. In reference to Lord Randolph Churchill's work, "Men, Mines, and Animals in South Africa," it is interesting to note that hitherto the Marlborough family has been repre sented in literature by only one original work. This is the " Opinions" of Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, edited by Lord Hailes from MSS., and published posthumously in 1788. _ Bjoernstjerne Bjoernson, the Norwegian poet, politician, and novelist, recently re nounced the pension whioh he reoeived from the Storthing. For years he has been in a sense the laureate of the country, and been the recipient of some £80 annually. He deslined to acoept the gift longer, however, uu.ess a brother poet, Kelland, beoame the object of a like honour. There is said to be little chance of the realisation of this wish, but his country men have praised him unstintedly for his sacrifioe and efforts on behalf of a less for tunate oolleague. 