STORYCOLDMN. A LIVING LIE. The Story of a Double Life, > By LILY TINSLEY, OF "TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE." .Author of "A Dav op Reokojuno," "In she Rino," "Tnp. Child op the Shadow," " A London Seoeet," "CousinDiok," "Blaoewateb Towees," &o.; All Queensland Rights Reserved. " I PART THE SECOND Chatter I. — ( Continued .) Tho sight of his cousin revived all his ill-feeling. Yet he might have passed over this, had not the hunchback dared to force his way into the house, which he had made a shrine of his vengeance, to try to make atonement for hie crime with money. Such bare-faced insult, added to injury, was more than the Rat eould etand. But it was the sudden recollection of Royal's victim upstairs that caused the complete change in hie behaviour to the hunchback. Leonard's appearance did strike the Rat ns suspicious. Upon reflection, however, felt that if the lad had anything more t,. :m a vague idea that all was not right in ! uo affair, he would not have come alone. But tke "Rat knew that his action, if to be of use, should be prompt. His first thought was to demand outright before the lad the jl irlV freedom. But could he depend on the lad to sup port him? Perhaps not, and bo the Rat endeavoured first to win Leonard over. Ho saw plainly that his cousin would not play long, and he honed when the game broke up to sign to the lad to seek the girl, and by his aid to slip her away without any fuss. On the morrow he would he far away with his child. Had he not been so absorbed in his own plans he might havo guessed tho hunohback's, though he would have hesitated to ascribe to him a treachery blacker than that which he had olready shown. A6 it was, ho was taken "by surprise. Nothing hut the accumula tion of horrors around him could have roused him to that magnificent coup by which he saved both himself and Royal. It was followed by a reaction. At the time he had worked, not thought. Now the very recollection made him shudder, iron as his nerves were, the thought that tho man he hated was dead. That his death had saved the man he had wronged from justice added yet greater awo to the majesty of death. But worse of all was the memory of the hor rible details ; the lifting of the distorted figure, terrible in the stillness of death, in the arms whioh in boyhood had often performed the office in play and lovo ; how he had stripped it in the silence and darkness of its rough digger clothes, and had hidden the poor naked body in a heavy ohest, and shut it hard down away from his sight. And then for the living man to take to himself the likeneBS of the dead, to crook his limbs as he had done in boyhood, that he and his playmate might he as equals, to hide and profit by his death, to don the clothes still warm from his body, still wet with his life blood, to use tho tools of his old trade, the false hair and heard, to add the last touoh of all, the strap round the jaw, that the Mdeous fraud might be complete in everj% detail, was unspeakably horrible to him. Certainly tho task could not have been better done. So little of his features were visible under the shaggy hair that even without tho family likenesB between the cousins recognition was next to impos sible. Yet was the act evil? Think what the man had suffored, think how he had brought the evil on himself in his eager ness to do good for his child's sake. And then the terriblo thing which he did to the girl. Ho understood Royal's mood too well not to feel sure that he would not Rtiok at a second crime to hide the first. To have tried conclusions with him would without doubt have led even to worse consequences than those whioh the eight-destroying liquid entailed. He lind Tin ronl bond in tTifi tmivAai find there was his child waiting for him in that little German town, alone in tho great wicked world if ho was taken from her. It was tho old story — a little wrong that a great good might come. All the hoTrorB of that night, the re morse whioh in that short hour of silence after Bafety was won, was gnawing nt his heart, all sank into insignificance before the supreme anguish of that moment When the unveiling of the face in the moonlight had filled his mind with an instinotive knowledge of the truth. ' For the moment in his terror he fan cied it was the ghost of the girl's dead mother risen np to him, because in taking the dead man's likeness he had died himself, but it passed as quickly as it came. Even then he could not, would not, believe the voice whioh spoke within him, not even when tho white scarred face revealed a living likeness to his dead wife, not until on the little white nerve less hand he saw the token by which ho must know his child, in spite of the years which had changed her from a baby into almost a woman. And with the knowledge came the re membrance of the dream in whioh that same little white, ringed finger had beckoned him to fly from his sinful life for ever. Ah! if he had but heeded in time. But it was toe late now. II.— More Tangles. Royal, unlike his partner, had no good blood in his veins; He "was one of those flash, spurious coins which at times issue from nature's mint. Yet ho had fascin ated Madge Brandon. It was not only that he was handsome. He could oharm. His noting was patient. His features were . possessed of a facility of expression wMoh masked his moBt dangereuB designs. . HiB yoioo eould grow gentle or faltering in the utteranoe of the fake words, ever ready to play their part while his eyes lied' even ' better than his lips. His conduct in the fatal fray needs no explanation. He was afraid, his blood waB up, and the brute nature within him leapt out. Had he been cool, his bodily strength would have been suflloient to have silenced the hunchback as he had done the lad. But in his blind, savage fear he sought to escape from one evil, only to run into a still greater one. That Madge should not have turned fearful at finding herself in such a neighbourhood as Narrow lane was due not alone to a belief in her lover, a belief which every fresh step she took to leave her entirely upon his proteotion naturally strengthened, but also to the wildness of tho storm. In the haste and confusion,8he saw little of her surroundings, and when the house was reached, the extinction of the candle held by the woman who received her, the only attendant the Rat allowed in the house, prevonted her from seeing the condition of the rooms below. Those above wore comfortable enough — Royal had taken care of that when he had furnished them — and though naturally nervouB, the presence of the old woman inspired her with a feeling almost of security. At any rate, if she for a moment wished to return home, the remembrance of her father's anger end the loss for ever of her lover made the feeling pass as quickly as it came, while the thought of her marriage on the morrow gave her new hope. Of what passed below she was naturally ignorant, for sho was tired, and the pistol shots did not wake her. The presence of little Grayoloak in tho house of the murder, unknown to any of its occupants, was caused in the following manner: Her letter, to her father had been delayed, and as he did not como she had started tp go to him. Early in the evening, hearing a knock at the door of No. 14 Narrow lane, and from an upper window perceiving it was a woman, the old servant to the llat descended to open the door, believing that it was the lodger Royal had told her to expect, hut not a little put out that the drinking bout she had already begun Bhould be so early interrupted. On opening the door, however, she found the girl was alone, whereas Royal had told her that he would himself ac company her charge. Sho was about to shut the door hastily, for one of tho rules of her service was that she was to open to no one save those who had a passport from either of her masters ; but her visitor had fearlessly stepped over the threshold. 'Is thi9 No. 14 Narrow lane?' she asked eagerly, vainly endeavouring to peer round in tho darkness, for tho oandle had gone out this time too, according to Royal's instructions. ' It is,' replied the old woman, feeling not a little curious as to tho girl's busi ness. ' I have come about a letter which was addressed here by three crosses. 'I don't know nothing about no letters, replied the woman. 'It ain't come here.' It had just occurred to her that at any moment one of hor masters might appear, and Bhe would be blamed evon for spook ing with the girl, and she made a second attempt to close the door. ' Not come here 1' repeated the un welcome visitor in dismay. 'Are you quite sure ? "Who lives here ?' ' I do, don't it look like it ?' was the answer, in a tone of growing wrath. ' Only you ?' asked the girl, and speak ing with great eagerness. 'No— no gentle men?' ' There's only me, I tell yon, and get off with you.' The face beneath the gray hood went very white, ond tho little hands mot over her breast with a sob. ' No letter — received — no gentleman here,' she murmured, 1 then I have loBt the only clue I had to my father.' Child as she was, she realised her position, a stranger and a wotnan alone in a strange oity. to be continued to- jioerow. 