A STRASGE WAR SKIT, At tho brooking out of tho civil war! wan ;i ir.cro boy, and our ncnrest neighbour wim a florrid-faced, kind-hearted, generous old Qunki-r, Both ho and hia good wife hud hi-en roumt in the south, and after tlio liberation of their I'li'vofi from a sense of duty still retninod enough to surround thoraselvos find family with all tlio comforts whicli tho people of their Himjtlo faith caro to possess. In those days their great stono house with its thick walls, broad verandahs, and low windows mot my idea of tho castles which wero mixed up with iny mengro knowledge of medieval times. Tho macadamised road that ran through tho farm was linod ou either aido with locust trees that in tho period of blooming mado tho air heavy with tho perfume of tho graceful white blossoms waving in a background of gvoou that thoy almost concealed. A nover-failing spring that bubbled up through moss-gown stono was embowered in tho overhanging branches of strong-trunked weeping willows. Tho great front yard had its driveways cut through a rich sward, and wound among towering maples. Tho gurdon had tho onrliest, tho latest, and tho swootest flowers. Tho Block was tho fattest and tho best cared for. The nogroos who would not loavo a kind master and mistress found a life of comparative easo nud plonty with thorn. Tho handsome old gcntloman was “Grandpa Watorson" to nil of us, and tho wife, who allowed no visiting hoy or girl to depart without cookies, great mellow npples, minco pio, maplo sugar cako9, or bouio otlior ovldonco of a kindness that took all tho world into her heart', was always “ grandma." No nobler ovor trod tho pathway cf lifo togother, and tho sorrows that camo upon them suggested to mo as a boy tho inscrutablo ways of t’rovidenco, Thoro woro two sons in tho family, • models of physical porfcction and manly courage. No handsomer could ho found. They woro ovor six foot tall, Imd tho light curly hair, tho liluo oyep,nnd tho fresh complexion so'conspicuous in men of Anglo-Saxon origin. Thoy wero higbty educated, and idolized not only by the parents but by tlio four fair sistors and uutold scores of otlior pooplo’s sisters. Ono had gono west, and soon established a popu larity* that placed him iu a responsible public position. Tlio other had remained at homo and relieved Grandpa Waterson of every bust Tho startling nows of nctivo hostilities flashed ovor the .cauulry. Ilcnry, tho older son, resigned his ofliconnd surprised us all by appearing ono afternoon without previous notice. Tho warm family greeting over, Henry called his brother out for a walk, and forgetful that “ littlo pitchers have ears,” they allowed mo to saunter along. At tho spring we all drank, and thon followed a long tramp in the shade of tho locusts. I almost lot out a shout of mingled terror.and surprise when I heard Ilcnry say to Charles in tho langungo they had always used at home, “ Charles, X have decided to enlist.” ' “ I have alroady done sn.” k "Thee'cau’t mean it. Do fnthur and,mother “ I promised Ruth to tell them to-night. It’s more terrible to me llnm tho dread of “ Theo is nearer to them than I, Charles. X will break tlio nows to father whou wo get back. No ono can Rootho mother or break tho nows «o gently ns he. I am moro than sorry that theo has taken this' step, for I cauio homo to prevout it. I wanted to make suro that one son nud ono brother would bo loft. But it is too late. J havo consented to command a regiment of sharpshooters, and cannot honour ably disappoint them. I will huve a gallant lot of boys at my hack.” Hero I broko away ho full of importance that Iran at top speed. I was going to toll Grandma Waterson. 1 would not have those two hind somofollowastooping bullets. But I mot Lydia, as pretty a maiden as ovor donned a drab dross or dropped a modest pair of eyes, nud called uU her friends by their first names. “ Lydia,” I shouted botwoenbreaths, “ Henry nud Charlie aro going to onlist. It must bo stopped,” but by that timo tho girl was pnio as a ghost, and loaning against tho nearest tree. “Don’t thoo say another word,” sho com manded in ^determined voic*. “Not another word. This must como from brother Henry or brother Charles. But it will break inothoc’s heart,” and I joined Lydia in a hearty cry just out of sympathy. Only in after yenrs did I learn what fob owed. Honrytinbis manly, straightforward way, told his futhor all. Pleading, argument, and porsuafiion on the part of tho allllctod old | nmu woro in vain. It was contrary to the doctrtno of the uon-rcsiatauco, a tenet of tho church ; it was raising tho hand of his son , ngainsttho relatives who woro loft in tho south, but the brothers firmly clung to thoir deter mination, gontly persisting and doing all tvmsiblo to hoU> nf'.i! poignant grief they in ;lm*od. Grandpa Wu'ersoa’s lips quivered ha he bade Henty good-byo, and tho broken hearted toother clung to tho neck of hor eldoet born until unconsciousness released her from the pangs of actual parting. A few days later Charles rodo forth on his own horse, ngallnnt black, of Kentucky lineage,’ and everybody agreod that no finer, braver boy would do battle for tho union. Ho joined Urn Ringgold Cavalry. Early in tho war ho was loftwoundod on tho field, aud was kindly cared for by a southern family. His chief nurso was a pretty little rebel with soft, wavy hair, great brown oyes, inviting lips, and a disposition na choery as the clear sunahino after an April shower. No woman had a right to resist that big, bravo, handsome fellow, and there tho union soldier was betrothed to tho bewitching champion of secossion. Thon Anuta. for that was hor name, began t.o o irreapoud with Ruth, aud through this intangible link of connection the whole family fell in love with the littlo con federate. Charles rejoined his troops as soon as able. After a do3porato engagement his company was scattorod, and ho was hemmed in on overy side, except whero tho rugged mountain* of Vir ginia toworod up behind him. Boldly he turned tho black, wont flying over foot-paths, looping chasms, and forcing his way whore few could follow. But them were hold moun taineers in tho chase, and when thoy brought Charles to bay, tho gillunt stand bo mudo, drawing bis sabre when his revolvers wero emptied, saved his iifo for the time. His deaporato courage won the heart of tho southerners, und they persisted until he was taken alive. Ho was sent to Lihbv, made his escape, wo at for days without food,'and whim at length ho found it, ato no much that death followed quickly upon the pungs of starvation. Henry’s record was as brief as glorious. His regiment worshipped him. No man of thorn, westerners though they were, could outride or outBhoot him. lie led wherever hu asked his men to go.. A giant in strength, ho wits a hero iu courage. •• At Pleasant Hill, La., he was shot from his horso but still fought on, and, alter being fatally wounded, threo of the c-hemy bit the dust before his hand dropped aons-.doss to tho ground. His remains came home, and never was brother, son, and neighbour moro sincerely mourned. Charley’s story was never learned until after tho war. But uow couies a soquei stronger than the story itself. Grandpa Waterson und his wife had homo their sorrows with a fortitude that only people liko them can understand. Thoy talked of thoir lost boys, and together found a grim pleasure iu reviewing tlm childhood, tho youthful experiences and tho mauly qualities of tho dead sons. Timo and time have I soon them at tho ond of tho front verandah, over- , grown with honeysuckles, sitting hand in hand talking of Henry and Charles. Ono day camo a letter from Auuio, announ cing that sho would visit, the Waterson?. Thoro was great preparation, for sho would have been ClmrlF.s’ wife had ho lived, and she wan dear to them in her own right, for she hud never coummI to send those welcome tatters, always bright ami cheery save when Charles’ futo forced its way into hor thought?, Sho cumo to u royal wolcomo. I imagino now that I wm ovcr-ofllcious in piloting her around, pointing out everything that Charles was ov?r associated with, and gabbling awity us a bov, whoso voice is at tho lieu-cackling stago of advancement, will. “Thoo is a great comfort lo us,” Grandpa j Water-on used to Hay to Annie, and whim 1 grandma got her arms around tho pretty southerner, there was always a genths kiss an«l a sweet-voiced assurance that. Annie was juat as dooms though she wero u daughter. Thon camo a surprise iu the ehapo of a handsome, showy, hold-facod woman, who an nounced herself as having been (he affianced of Colonul Wutorsou, killed at Rleustint Hill, Sho had long meant to visit the tumily ami make h^rbvjif known, hut had not been nhlo to do so. Colonel Waterson had left everything to her, and sho produced a will at that* late day pur porting to have been made by him. Sho was welcomed with old school courtesy, hut tlmre was a sober look on overy face that sho encountered. I called Annie out at once and hold an indignation roeuiing. Thatwonmn was ufnmd, und I know it. Henry wneuottho man to fall in lovo with any such specimen of her tjev. I dedicated my lituo wholly, thon * »;t’d tluit, to watching her movement end I proving my opinion. Tho result will suflice * without, the details of my detective work, j Grandpa Wo.terson’s watch* was missed. All cf Annie's most valuablo jovrcllcry disappeared, f and the adventuress complained loud and often about robberies, charging that oho uover could [ trust “niggers,” Then grandma would gently chido her, and Hny : “Theo should not judge. All tliof-o people uro old friends of mine, and faithful.” Tlio fraud would turn up her noso and put on a look of contempt that always sot mo boiling. One day at the spiiug she loaned over to use the clear'water as a mirror, and from some* where about her person dropped tho big gold watch that Grandpa Waterson priced most 113 an heirloom, I had it in a twinkling, and tho angry shouts of the woman only added to my speed. 1 told grandpa, told everybody. I wonted ho*: arrested, but “Thoo must leave tins nmtfer entirely to mo,” checked my ardour, “There must he no talk,” ho com tiuuul. “ I will nee that this woman loavcn us. Don’t plead for her, mother. 1 will only dis miss her, that is all.” And ho did, alter everything had boon re covered and tiro forged will destroyed. Wo never heard of her again. Tho very next afternoon thero was a great clatter of a horse’s feet up tho hard road. Tho rider oatno like a rockot, and wo all rushed to sco who it was. I think that overyouo fainted but Annie and myself. She emitted something : between a shriok and a gnrglo, vaulted over tbo verandah railing and landed right in tho arms of—big, handsome Cburloy. Hu was alive, lie was well. AU that wo had heard was falso. lie had survived his sufTorings after a long illness in the family of a poor but kind mountaineer, nud there ho was, tho picture of health, with Annio in his arms. I Bprang into tho saddle with a maniacal yell. I got two littlo darkens on bohiml me. We tore over tho yard in wild delight, and soon all tho folks about tho farm wore shouting, crying, and wel coming Massa Charles “God blo&s; thoo, son,” was all grandma could say then, while tiro good old gentleman blinked, tried to look calm us tho tears roiled, down his cheeks, and then ho sobbed. “Charles, Henry’s wish is fullilled. Thee is loft to hloss our old aim. and theo Iiuh al90 brought us Jh'fnnt r?iu: j’rc&a.; 