Sporting Gossip. [Bx the Vagrant.] It is an old and true saying that " it is a long Jane that has no turning," and although the ways «f fortune are strange and devious they still lead on to the broad path of success. Few men havo suffered more from the frowns of the fickle goddess than Mr. William Rouse, who during the paBt three or four years must have loßt a small fortune on his mare Vespeaia, whoso last big win was achieved an 1887, when she defes-ted The Queen ufter a great race for the Summer Cup. In Tattersall^ Cup the «Laughter of Persephone was running well when she fell over the ill-fated Alick Robertson and Silvermine, and that either made her a rogue or faint-hearted, for she would seldom try a yard until last year when she finished second to the runaway Stockwell, and filled the same position in Tattersalls Cup behind Muriel. Then she again had a bad spell until ia the November Handicap she almost galloped over Carita and had to put up with second plice behind Skittles, but the genial "Billy" was at length repaid for his patience, as the old mare consented to do her best on Boxing Day and she won the bummer Cup for the second time in great style, her owner and his friends throwing in for a good stake. Still it was Rouse's luck all over, for the fortunate holder of Vespasia in Tattersalls consultation is a resident of New Zealand, and the stablo was unable to get a shilling out of the £9000 which went for first prize. To win two SummerCups and run second in another with the same animal is a really ?brilliant triumph, and I congratulate Mr. Rouse upon the feat. I always held aniaea that Vespasia would take a deal of beating for the past Cup, but I had a stronger fancy for Paris, whom Brickey Colley avers would have been very close to the winner had the horse not been interfered with ; but as Gainsforth says the same about Prelude, whom 'he bestrode, the odds are that the talk is talk only, and that the best animal at the weighta won. Anyhow, I am sorry that I did not back her, and I am glad that her owner did. Tom Brown has in work in Sydney a filly called Rivilla, by Welcome Jack out of Miriam, dam of the disappointing Magnus. From Condobolin comes news of the death of our old acquaintance, Honeydew, who was doing stud duty there, and who <died of inflammation of the intestines. Honeydew, who was ten years old, was a son of Goldsbrough and the imported mare Queen Bee, and was bred -at Duckenfield by the Hon. John Eales, in whose colours he first ran without success. By that gentleman be was sold to Mr. James Chambers, who won with him the Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup, in addition to a Welter Handicap at Wallsend, when he was followed home by Oakleigh, who won the Caulfield Cup a couple of years later. From Mr. Chambers Honeydew passed on to the Hon. W. A. Long, who lost a good deal of money on him. His most brilliant deeds was his defeat of Nelson at even weights in the Spring Stakes, hiB second to Trident-to whom he allowed 161b.-in the Cumber- land Stakes, his second to Stanley in the Free Handicap, and his victory in the Winter Stakes with 9s 41b. in the saddle. Honeydew was a beautifully topped brown horse, but his fetlocks were very straight and his foalish hoofs were always a source of trouble. Owing to the resignation of Mr. John Wilson as secretary to the Singleton Jockey Club-for which he had worked long and ? energetically-Mr. Harry Pinchin has been appointed to the position, and as that gentleman is a general favourite with sports- men and has bad a deal of experience of the duty the Club is certain to continue prospering. Re weighed out for the Mutual Selling Race run at Randwick on Monday, but she broke away from her attendant .in the paddock, and was not caught until the race was over. However, anyone who was unfortunate enough to back her lost their money without a run, as in this colony horses are considered starters so soon as their jockeys weigh out. It is a bad rule in all respects. Splendor's daughter Splendide must have come back to her best form, as on Saturday last she won the Ipswich Turf Club Handicap by six lengths from a good field, iand ran the mile and a quarter in 2.14. Hawthornden's son St. Elmo was the hero of the race meeting held>at Tamworth on Boxing Day, for he carried 9st, and won the Opening Handicap, and afterwards humped 98t. 91b. to victory in the Christmas Gift. The blaek gelding is a pretty good horse when well, and don't you forget it. As an evidence of the manner in which some stewards do their duty_, a circumstance which oceurred at the meeting is worth relating: In the Opening Handicap Zoedone'looked all over a winner, but his rider Davis was seen to give a tug at the reins which almost threw the'horse back on its haunches. The result cf the subsequent investigation was that the horse, owner, and jockey were unqualified for the day I I wonder what Davis would have had to do to earn a spell of twelve months from the critical and conscientious stewards who ran the Tamworth show ? What is seldom is wonderful. A couple of glove fights without precedent in the long history of fistiana took place in'the Olympic Hall, Sydney, on Saturday night laßt. A young fellow named Richardson and Larry Foley's old rival, Sandy Ross, were put on together, 'but the latter was bo battered in the first round that he hod to turn it up. Then young Dick Rossi(known also as Sandy) was sent in to the ring to take his father's place, and a terrible fight ensued, which ended in a win for Richardson on a foul in'the tenth round. ThuB Richardson beat father and son in the one ring, which reads like a record. On Saturday last in Melbourne, before hundreds of spectators and a special committee. Michael Conroy cleared 6ft. 5in. in a running high jump on .perfectly level ground. It was a wonderful leap, but it is not the world's record, as I have seen some journals state. Last year in England, G. W. Rowdon cleared three-eight* of an inch higher, whilst with weights J. H. Mtzpatrick topped 6ft. .6in. in America in 1889.. A couple of years back I was told of a splitter who resided on the Manning River,, or near Myall Lakes, who ?could equal any of the performances men 'tioned, and do it at his «ase alBO, but one of the beat high jumpers I ever saw was Fred (or Stone) ©avis, the American pedestrian. . r" Confidence, who won the A.J.C. Handicap at Randwick on Boxing Day, ia a daughter of Sar j ljpyx, and stands only 14.2, bo that she is much 8 puer than her india-rubber sire. She is tre . Indously fast, as may be judged by the time for fie mile and a-quarter-2min. lO^secs.-whioh she jin with great ease. ¿pit is said Marvel was withdrawn from the /Summer Cup because the holder of the horse in the fi consultation would not dißgorge a couple of thousand ' pounds, although he offered one thousand. i How is it that Mr. Clibbon, who enforced the rule so strictly with regard to the names of Sir Heroulea and Dagworth, allows horses named Clarence, Whirlwind, Confidence, Shamrock, etc., to start. Horses of those names ran at Rind wick years ago, yet Mr. Smith had to change the name of Dagworth to Althotas simply because a horse of the first name was a performer some yearB ago, but one who had been dead foryears and who never got a foal. What is sauce for the goose is not always sauce for the gander. Correze and Malvolio, who are now stable com- panions, have been treated to a short rest, but are now in work again. Seldom now-a-days do we aee a match made be- tween raeehorses, and the news that one is arranged generally gives pleaau-e. During the week Dr. Cortis and Mr. W. Kelso got into a dis- pute as to the relativ* merits of Grafton and IAuBtralasiau, which culminated in the pair being matched to run three miles over the steeplechase course at Randwick for £150 a-side on the 6th instant. Grafton is very slow, but is almost certain i to go the journey without falling, whilst his .j opponent has a bit the worst of the leaping and the S beBt of the pace. However in a match the risky a jumper has more chance than in a big field, so of | the two I would prefer to back the wily William's li ¡representative. Ig Somebody who loves the colonials dearly, says, m, " The population of Australia consists of 6,000,000 %j souIb. Of those not more than 3,000,000 are prize Bj| fighters, the rest are oarsmen." Bl Key« must have got the inspiration for the name ra of his eolt Ruenalf from that of Texsum. The flrefc || is simply Flaneur spelled backwards, the latter BU Musket treated in the Bame way, H Bells, who won the Hurdle Race at Randwick on M Monday, ia own sister to the Narrabri horse Band H master, being by Grandmaster from out old friend ?I the grey Hypatia, who was much faster and better ?finan either of her offspring. John L. Sullivan now says that he will only j fight Slavin in the event of the latter defeating I Jackson. It is evident that from the top of the ] kenp to the bottom American pugilists are distin- guished more for their ability to get out of a battle than for their ability in one when there is no escape. Sullivan has for years been posing as the world's unconquerable, but bo soon as Jackson and Slavin threw the gaunlet down to lura he proceeded to crawl into a hole ond his latest utterances show every disposition on hi3 part to pull the hole in after him. Slavin may beat Jackson, he may not, and in that case there is no chance of the doughty Peter and the Boston blatherskite meeting, for Sullivan long ago declined a battle on the ground that his chal- lenger was a coloured man. If on the other hand Slavin defeats Jackson it will be interesting to learn what ingenious excuse Sullivan has hit upon in order to escape a fight and so retain the ghost of his always dilipidated reputation. Stanbury did not go to America as it was re poited hiB intention was, su that Sullivan, the New Zealand sculler, will still have an opportunity of forcing him into a vnatuh for the rowing champion- ship, a match which Sullivan will regret. Latest advices from the old country inform us that Ormonde has once more set fcot in his native I land, and his return is said to have cost the com ' pany which repurchased him about £10,000. It waa intended that but few mares would, be taken to Ormonde, and those at the exhorbitant sum of £300, which it was thought all the principal breeders would be willing to pay, but the specu- l lators have received a rude shock. For instance, Loid Gerard, who once leased Ormonde, pointed out in a letter that the horse had a very bad constitution, and was not a sure foal- getter, as only three mares which visited him produced, and only one foal lived. Lord Gerard wound up by saying that he would be very sorry to pay half- a-crown to send a mare to him. Then the horse's former owner, tht> Duke of Westminster, after stating that he had sold Ormonde for £12,000, avers that the son of Bend Or developed roaring tendencies at an early age, an infirmity which his dam Lily Agnes also possessed. Ormonde's brother Ossory and sister Fleur de Lys were also roarers, and his Grace states that it was in order not to add to the increase of the disease in England that he sold the three to go abroad. That is all very well on the face of it, but the Duke of Westminster cannot be very consistent, as be íb now and haB been mating Ormonde's dam, Lily Agnes again with his sire, Bend Or. The Duke of Portland wrote in a somewhat similar strain. The whole matter resolves itself into a nutshell : is or is not roaring a disease? The Royal Com mision on horse-breeding which Bat in England in '88 and *89, after taking voluminous evidence from experts, decided that it was, but on the other band we have proof that some of the most " musical" English horses were some of the best that ever carried silk in that country. The aforesaid Ormonde, for instance, was immeasurably superior to all the horses out in his time over any distance. Prince Charlie was sold to go to America bscause he roared ; the mighty Melbourne and almost as notorious Wesc Australian made a noise when galloping; Musket wbb accused of the same infirmity, and one of the best of modern English performers, St. Gatien. was an "organist" pure and simple ; many cf the stoutest lines descended from roaring families m short. And hero let m? ask any of my readers who are acquainted with the country how many roarers are there in America to bear witness to the taint brought by Prince Charlie? Certainly the only descendant of the hero of the T. Y.C. that I know, Lochiel, is as clear in his pipes as Madame Patti. Has Musket left Australia any roarers ? We are told, though, that MonB Meg, a daughter of Martini-Henry and Malacca, showed symptoms of the ailment whilst in England. I take it that roaring is an affection which attacks horses or tribes in cold climates, horses which are unfortunate enough to have some- what delicate bronchial tubes, and that a removal to a warmer climate is sufficient to banish any dis- position to breathing noisily when breathing hurriedly. I have seen a good many horses in this colony, and the only ones that I can remember as at all worthy to be classed as roarers were- Faust, a son of Kingsborough and the dam of Auctioneer now raoing ; Scot's Grey by Musket, and a son of Maribyrnong, whose name has escaped my memory, but who won several races in Victoria. I would not breed from a roarer if I could help it, but after all there'« a good deal more lark than bite in it. A filly named Tempest, by NewHolland out of Tornado, who was purchased as a yearling by Dick Mason from her breeder the Hon John Eales, is running well just now in New Zealand. She carried 8st. 71b. a few days ago and won at Dunedin. It is not very encouraging to Australian breeders and exporters of thoroughbred stock to find that such a fine looking horse as Chicago, and who won a Caulfield Cup, failed to elicit a bid when offered for sale in England. At the same time Narellan, one of the Hon. James White's Derby colts, changed hands for 160 guineas, and Wentworth, by Chester from Trafalgar, went to Lord Kesteven for 140 guineas. By the way it is worthy of note that about twelve months ago Wentworth was purchased for 1700 guineas, and 850 guineas were given for Nepean. Lord Kesteven must have a fancy for the Chester-Trafalgar blood, for when he was in Australia he gave 2100 guineas for Dreadnought, and then took 500 guineas on his bargain from Mr. W. T. Jones. From New Zealand comes news of the death of the Irish-bred horse Ingomar, who was foaled in 1872\. He was by Uncas from Wild Deer, by Red Hart, and although at no time a champion he left many useful stock behind him, including Vandal, Tupara, Alcinous, and Strephon (N Z.) I am writing this note on Thursday, and am therefore not in possession of any information which yesterday's proceedings may supply, but nevertheless I am pretty confident that I can name the winner of Tattersall'« Cup, which will be run this afternoon, and with a start that would be Marvel. However the horse is now, and always has been, managed in such a peculiar manner that it is never safe to support him until on the course or when in receipt of information, which I regret to say I do not hold. Highborn íb somewhat badly used in comparison to the top weight, but he is a racehorse of tho best stamp and will be battling along when others are tiring. Besides it must be borne in mind that the field he will meet here is not such as was in the last Melbourne Cup, and so in the absence of Marvel I unhesitatingly plump for Highborn. If the winner is found it matters little what fills the places, but just to be in the fashion I will anticipate the judge by giving Vespasia 2, and St. AlbanB 3. The other events have but small interests for notherners, who are so far from the seat of war. I would give horseowners a reminder that nominations for the fine programme put forward by the Sydney Turf Club-and published in this journal on Saturday last-are due on Monday next with Mr. T. S. Clibborn. Racing men aro certain to be busy at these times, and they should not leave the duty of entering till the last minute, when the telegraph fiends are almost certain to wrestle with the message. A good deal of amusement was created at the late Tamworth race meeting by two events re- stricted to horses nominated and ridden by Chinese. Both events were won by a follower of Confuoius, rejoicing in the appropriate and characteristic appellation of Ah Win. There was great fun when one of the Chinamen fell off hie mount, and a good deal of regret was doubtless expressed by the "labourparty" when he was found to be uninjured. By the way, I wonder w»ro the Tamworth China- men as oute as some of their countrymen who started in a footrace on the Albion Ground some dozen years ago. It was thought by the committee that the man who conceived the idea of having 1 such an event was possessed of the brain of a Gladstone, but the expected joy fell flat: The prize was £3, and there were four competitors. When the pistol sounded the Chinese Btnrted off aU right, but only two ran the distance, and it was with intense disgust that the committee after- wards learned that the quartette had cut the money up and divided it into 15b a head. " For ways that are dark and tricks that are vain," etc. Yellowstone has been purchased by Mr. Mat. Murphy, of Morpeth, who will probably give him another chance on the turf before putting him to the stud Yellowstone was n great disappointment ander silk, but he is a very handsome horse, much resembling Melos, and he is very well bred, being by Sardonyx from Montana (dam of Vulcnn), who was an imported mare by Rataplan from Mountain Flower, by Ithuriel from Heather Bell, by Bay Middleton. 