THE MERCURY. 'HOBART: FRIDAY, MAY Sr, 1891. -» EPITOME OF NEWS. City und Holobrook football match to- morrow afternoon. Special report on Cox's Bight tin-held in our mining columns. Messrs. P. O. Fysh and A. I. Clark are at present in Adelaide. Union Steamship Co. of New Zealand has paid a G per cont. dividend yesterday. Initiatory steps taken last evoningto form a litorary society at Glebe Town. The s.s. Yolla is advertised to leave for CoxV Bight this evening at 8 o'clock. Residents of Sandy Bay lost night carried a vote of thanks to tho Minister of Lands for proclaiming n Town Board for the district. Nominations for Queenborough and Belle- rive To« n Boards duo at 4 o'clock to- day ; foruior to Mr. T. 0. Just, Mncquarie-streot, latter to Mr. Edwin Jacoos, Bellerive. Brisbane fruit market still declining, espe- cially in prices of infciior fruit, of which, apparently, a good deal is still shipped from 'lasmaiiia. Franco Spanish commeici.il treaty ratified. | ¡South Australian Co pays 13 per cont. I dividend. j Flojds ni Tonnessoe and Arkansas have caused immense damage. British Columbian Government steamer Quadra lost at Vancouver's Island. American visible supply of breadstuffs steadily diminishing. Another political crisis in Italy. The new Premier's financing hotly opposed. Denmark's Royal Golden Wedding celebra- tions drow an immense cancourw of people at Copenhagen. Arrangements have been mado for ro nnoning the Standard Bank of Australia (Limited) on Monday next South Australian Scotch Church gots a loeacy of £2,31)0 sent from tho Homo country. The revolt among Zambesi nativos against Portuguese rule has boen suppressed. Australian apples, ox Arcadia, soiling at 5». to 10s. per caso. Sir Charles Butt, ono of tho Judgos of the High Court, is dead. Chief Socrottry of South Australia has ordered that all bookmakers who bottod at tho A.R.C, Birthday Moot (including Uat torsall's) shall be prosccutod Now Zealand agricultural returns show that the colony is progressing in production and prospectivo cultivation. No« castle (NSW) coal-mining aspect getting doplirable. Colliery owners say thoir books show no prout. Minois nul accept no lower «ages. Mines shutting doun. William Astor, tho lately decoased Amoii can millionaire, has boqueathed a largo por- tion of his accumulated wealth to public charities. No» Zoaland Qovornmont in a quandary. Tho Governor's residonco is not halt finished, and tho Countess of Glasgow has cabled asking that all things shall be in luadincss for arrival of thu Vico-Royal family. ONE statement in the report of the sub-committee of the Sanitary Association, which we published on Friday last, must have considerably astonished a number of persons, as it did ourselves. We refer to that portion of the report in which the statement is made that the lower slopes of Mount Wellington, including the Fern Tree Bower and the Silver Falls, are private property. It is stated that not one person in a thousand is aware of this fact, but we should say that not one person in five thousand knew it before, and, certainly, those who have just learned it must be very considerably surprised. Why the Government was so foolish as to alienate these natural resorts we do not know, any more than we are able to tell why the river frontages were alienated, but it appears that the folly has been perpetrated, and the question now is, how much of it can be undone? The owners of the resorts at Mount Wellington have shown a liberal spirit, for they have placed no impediments in the way of the public hitherto, but the report states that they are about to convert them to private use, and if so, a very serious damage will be done to the welfare of this city, and a great drawback caused to the pleasure alike of the residents and visitors. It seems to us, in view of the importance of these places, which are in every sense of the words, public resorts, that the Government should take action in the matter, with the view of securing them for the use of the public. The Association, which some persons thought went out of its way in dealing with other than sanitary matters, is deserving of the thanks of the public for having called attention to the danger that exists of the loss of places of public resort, and thus causing some pressure to be brought on the Government to avert the evil. But if we understand, the report correctly, there are other dangers besides this particular one. If the whole of the lower slopes of the mountain have been alienated, as stated, then the very tracks up the mountain are on private property, and may be closed at any time. The new track from the Fern Tree Inn, which is so great a convenience to all visitors, as they are enabled to go up the mountain without the terrible climb which had to be made on the Finger Post track, must be on private property, and may be shut any day. In truth, there is danger that access to the mountain- that is, any reasonably easy access-may be denied, and what is to be done then? Enough has been said on this matter to cause great uneasiness and even alarm, but more requires to be said, so that the public may learn precisely what the actual state of affairs is. If we are to have an Exhibition in two years or so, by which we hope to attract a larger number of visitors, we ought, certainly, not to allow any danger to exist of the natural places of resort being closed to them, but rather, as the sub-committee suggests, prepare all sorts of places of visit for them, where they will be able to find pleasure, and shelter if required. Though it is impossible, for various reasons, to have tea-gardens in the Domain as an outcome of the Exhibition, there is no reason why such gardens should not be made, as we are sure that they would be found to be very popular in the summer. We have suggested that there is in this proposal a splendid chance for the people of Bellerive, which place might be made ten times more attractive than it is, but whether the chance will be taken we cannot say, but we suppose that we must assume that it will not. Leaving, however, that aside as a matter for private enterprise, it seems that something should be done by patriotic citizens, if they exist, to ascertain from the Government what it means to do, if it means to do anything, about the slopes of Mount Wellington, and those places of resort which the public has been used to regard as all its own. i The sub-committee has called atten- tion to a gi eat many other things, all of more or less importance, the number bf-whicb, though the list is, not ex- haustive, shows _ how much the energetic ' action of patriotic citizens and a far-seeing Government is re- quired. For example, there is the subject of access to the sea-beach all the way down to and beyond Sandy Bay Point. It does seem absurd that so much of what should be a favourite and healthful resort is shut off, although the desirability of opening up the means of access has been mooted many times. Some improve- ments have lately been made in Mary- ville esplanade, but the material used for the path is a nice clay for brickmakers, which after a fall of »in is converted into a sort of Slough of Despond, after the style of some of the Corporation footpaths which appear to be only meant for fine weather. The Sandy Bay Eoad Trust is able to find materials for footpaths which keep them hard and clean in the wettest weather, yet the Government has been unable to ac- complish this much, and so we have the spectacle at times of people wading about in a sea of yellowish-brown clay whenever there ib a lall of rain, in the veiy place where the path should be iii ni and dry. The fear of this esplanade haunts the oppouents of the Saudy Bay Town Board, for they see in it an element of expense, M hieb, will add seriously to their burden. Cannot the Government finish tho work that it has begun ? Then, there uro sanitary improvements wanted at Sandy Bay, if it is to continue to be a resort for children and visitors, and some better engineering than what lias been displayed there of late or the place will go to ruin. And, we may ask, is it not possible to erect com- fortable and useful baths in place of the primitive structure which visitors behold with astonishment, and residents regard as an institution of a purely Hobartiun type ? But, if we were to go over all the chañóos that aro required wo should occupy too much spaco, and, probably, make our readers say " hold enough " long before we had finished. The sub-committee gives a goodly list of things to be done, everyone of which may be said to demand attention, but the question is, how are they to be done ? Possibly, tho " large hearted citizens," who aro voferred to may como forward, and, possibly, they may not, the betting being decidedly on the latter view, of tlie case. Still, the Association will do well to keep these matters alive, for, though, as one member of the Association insists, we may not be living in Sleepy Hollow, it is tolerably evident then more is required to be done than we have means to do. There are signs of changes, however, the trams are to come some day, aud they will cause visitors and others to move about seeking places of resort.' Then, perhaps, who can toll ? with tho advent of electricity for the trams we may get better gas or something in its place, and that Prince of Darkness, the Gas Company, may make its product cheaper and better. As we have said before, Hobart is on the move, and now is the time to prepare for the future. The reserve near Fitzroy Crescent, Prince's Park, the hideous 'reserve behind the Town Hall, the ¡graveyards-neglected and disgraceful .in most cases if not all-and a host of other things require attontion and improvement, btit we know not how all that is required can be done. Still, ,wo hope that the Sanitary Association ¡will persevere and help on all this, 'which is sanitary^ work, and it may be that a 'fund might be got together ,by subscription to carry out improve- ments which would be money well invested, for it would give a hand- some indirect return. [ SOM Kin l) Y is proposing that there slmll bo a solemn celebration of the contonary of the p-ot Shelley, who «as born in Sussex, England, on the 4th of August, 1792. What form the celebration is to take wo do not know, and we may as well say at once I thut wo do not eure. Such celebrations ure always dreary and useless ceremonies, chiefly remarkable for the prominence which is 'given to a set of people who fancy that they Uko poetry, and who are most conspicuous by reason of the" fact/ that they nearly always show that they'do not understand «hat they talk about. Shelley has no need of any sucli celebration, In ti uth, if his spirit can uppreoiate what is going on in the woild, we cun fancy tho torture it must feel at the prospect of being bemuddlcd over by a lot of people who only think that they understand what thoy talk ubout, and undertake to analyse what defies all analysis, the subtle spirit which breathes out from most of his poems aud communi- cates itself to the true roader in a «ay that is beyond ali comprehonBion and BO boyond explanation. Those who sot t j work to find out why they folt and how thoy feel, ara beyond or have never reached the stage ut which poetry awakens the soul, like some fine odour stealing on the senses, vivifying the mind and laiting it to a degree of exultation that so few who have passed in'ddle age, wo are sorry to say, are able to feel. "The world is too inuoh with UB," and dulls the finer senses, so we set to woik to analyse, when we ought to be content lo accept with a glow of thankfulness those words which causes the world at times to be wrought "iu Bympitby with hopes and fears it hooded not." We have liad enough of the dissecting of llio poets by literary Burgoms, who set to work on Homer, when thoy know Greek, until they leave little to admire, if we are foolish enough to be guided by them. ' Others bore the world with notes on Shakespeare until tiio text becomes secondary to their labours, and tho reader is bothered with roforouces that only distract hisuttention and mar his enjoyment. Then have we not a Browning Souioty, which gives meanings to paEs 'gea that no one u i der s'anda, und puzzles itaelf iu dissertations on the inexplicable. Wo do not know whetlior there is a Meredith Sooiety, but we understand that there are' people who mot to exchange Unir own obsotiritios about his, and wo find in a current periodical u ctitiuism on his poetry, which sees a worl) of meaning' in1 what appears to be common p'nos, and wonderful melody in »ords which seem to be chosen for their hardiness, or for the fact of their having no particular meaning, Uko some of the latter sounding lines of Swinbourne. Why, should > wo admire or »/pretend to admite obscurity and hai'ehuees? 'Hie elder poets were not harsh or doubtful in' their m.-aning. Homer and Virgil's poetry id as clear as the'finest oiy Btal,nor does Tennyson require a dozen minds to dimly guess at what he means. Shelley, too, in most of his poems, ,iu exquisitely direct und full of the penetrating tower of the true poet, and should be let alone. Let those wl.o luvo his sweet music and his many lovely and noble thoughts enjoy thom in peace, without being bored by the comments of people who are too dull to thrill to his music, and for.the moat, part»only make bolievo to liku him, as 'peoplo niakcboliei e to like classical music. Shelley wants no centenary._ i DKI'AUTMENTAI. rcpnrtB for the year 1801 come to hand in the usual leisurely fashion. The report on the Hobart Hospitul for Insane just received, shows that on the 1st January, 1891, there were 31 patients in the hospital, of wliom9 weie natives of Tasmania, 3 free to the colony and 19 free byaoivi tude. Two patients were admitted during ths year, one free to the colony, and one free by servitude, and two were transferred to the Hospitul for Insane at New Norfolk, thus loaving the number in the Hobart Hospital on 31at March, 1891, neither de- creased nor diminished. The official visitors who Bigu the roport testify to the suffi- ciency of the accommodation, the ore and utteutiou paid by the Superintendent, officers and attendants, and the general good health of the patients. Thora were no deaths in the hospital during the year. The cost for the ytar was £992 8s. Gd., including £451 J9-.2d.tui salaries and allowances, thcuwual cost per patient boing £32 Os. 3d., oi le 9d. per diem. Of the total oost of the hospital for the year, £448 3a. Od. ÍB chargeable to the Imperial Government, who puy a certain , rate per annum for tho keep and maiiiteuauee of the "ninetoen free by sorvitude," mid who ure relics of the old convict Bystem Presumably it is uecctBary to officially keep up the old time designation, " free by servitude," though the utility ftom an ordi- nary buaiuetB point of view is doubtful, and the phraseology at the best con- j flictiiig. Having expiated their crimes they aro all free mon, though as imbeciles it is still noodful they should bo kept nnder watch and ward. Tho day seems ns far off as over when official routine in Tasmtnin will be finally purgod of tho taint of convio tism. Tho official mind inclines but slowly to suggestions of roform. IT ¡H proverbial how dearly Australians love a lord, 'or, indeed, anyone who has a titlo appendod to his or her name, and, if lhere is one tiling they uko still botter, it is to reçoive an invitation to become one of tho select band who havo their names adorned in this fashion. To UICBO people tim distribution of titles on tho anniversary of the Queen's natal day will be read eagerly, though may be in Tasmania with- out completo - satisfaction. Sneer as a certain sectiou of tho publia thinks fit to do at this liking for ornamental nomenclature, thoro is aftor all something very human in and, indeod, fromonopointof viow something very admirable. Such titles ara not Bimply bought and sold. Tli-y aro the rtward of merit or dislinct'on of one kind or tho o'her, and as emanating from a Court of such marked propriety of conduct as that of Vio toria have a virtue whiuh they would not possess wcro they distrlbute'd in mora baj . haz irl fashion, or from a source loss fno from taint of any kind. Mistakes may have boon maila in solitary instunots, and some ridiculo may havo been ?ausod winn a loud voiced ugitator of democratic pro- clivities has jumpod at the knightly prefix with even more avidity than many a so-called aristocrat would du it. Thcso aro but tho fringes of a system which has worked honourably aud well in most instanoes, and has boon the moans of honouiing by titular distinction a ciircor of piouccr usefulness, the hardship< of which cannot bo conceived by those who have not been through them. Such men deserve to bo marked out from thoir follnw oiiizeiis as worthy of honour ; and this is the light in whioh the bestowal and accep- tance of titles is looked upou hy most sensible people. LIKE Balaam's ass, when called upon lo ourse, the meeting hold at Sundy Day last ¡evening, decided to bless instead. Tile few 'fearful minded ones who seem to be opposed ; to the establishment of a Toivu Board iu thoir district ¡appear to be anxious to buckie ,the Government mi'.oh cow as long as possible, and b'.eat like motherless calves tho moment the parent tolls tin m to be up 'and doing for themselves As Mr. Walker told them, they ought to be usliamod to hold on to the apron strings of the paternal Government any long:r, and should ifc one3 set about their own business liku reasonable men. Mr. Gregory, too, de claimed ag>inst the tenseless opposition, and as a large property holder said that he wus not afraid to tru.t any seven laudholdeis who would be olected to form the Xowu Board. The result was, tlut instoad of choosing "aoommittee to select a body to roprosent us, who will not impo.e thesu ex- orbitant tuxes, over Ss. iu the £, besides pol co rate, water-rate, real estutu duty, aud ruad rato," the mooting decided to leave that au open question, and one for the electors ,0 ¡settle in the usual formal manner by nomi ñating good men to the Upturning Officer. Besides thii, tho Minister of Lauds, whom the opponents of the proposod Beard thought wioked, gete a hearty vote of thanks. MINISTEMAI, -The Treasurer (Hon. B. S. Bil d) is Buffering somewhat severely from au attack of lumbago, and will not be ablo to attend at his oíBos for u few days. Tno Minister for Linds aud Woiks (Hon. A. T. Pillinger) is expeotod back in town this morning. A telegram has been received from tho Promior at Adelaido stating that he purposes leaving tiiat city on Monday, and hopes to reach Hobart on I\iday, Juno 3. UNION STEAMSHIP COMPANY OP NEW ZEALAND.-Yesterday shuioholdcrs iu tirs company lud the gratification of receiving u dividend on tbeir shares at tho late of G per cent, per annum. The total distributed from the Hobart office amounted to £3,000. i ConitBSl'ONDKNOK,-Mr. E. J. Jones, in connection With th« Cimpbell Town sheep stealing case, declines to piocced any fur- ther unless " Observer" signs his real name, in which oaie, Mr, Jones say?, "I will prove what I said iu my former letter." "Prac'icil" do Is with the sontcn.c ou ,'Hugh Kiik, holding thet it was well do served. We think that the matter utod not bo further diacu-aed. CniotJMLOCUTOUï NE« s.-The following is from tho Otago Daily Times of the 18th iust.: -Mr. U. Napier Bell, M.I.C.E., is at present in Dunedin on business connected 'With the Burbour Beard. Mr. Bell lias been iu Tusmania since January last ¡impacting and reporting for the Guvoruincnt on several harbours in which woiltB aro being curiad out under plaus submitted by him. He also again inspected Macquarie Harbour, whete u syndicate propotes to cany out the works to deepen the bar proposed by Mr. Boll in 1890\. Mr. Bell ulso mudo plaus for a largo graving dook at Hobart, which the next session of Pat lia lient will take iuto con- oid-ration. SurJiEMB CouitT -In Chambers yester- day, before His Honor the Cb of Justice (Sir Lambert DOLHOU, Knt.), ii case under the Vendor andPurchaBurs Act, 1873, wasurgued und decided. It appears that on April 25 Mrs. C. J. Doolan, of Launceston, put up ¡for auction, at Bell's mart, a cottage at Iu ¡vtrmay, described iu the adverlisiiucnt as containing six rooms, which was knookod down to Mr. James Cosgrovo for £345. On tho following day Mr. Cosgrove repudiated the contract on'the ground that the cottage contained ' only four looms. The vendor took out a summons under the Vendor and Purchasers Act, 1875, to compel Mr. Cosgrove to compensate the purchaser, and Mr. F.C. Hobkirk was retained for the plaintiff, the services of Mr M. J. Clarke being secured for the defendant. Both gentlemen appeared before the Chief Justice and argued ino case ut ltngLh. His Honour decided as follona t-" The pureba or was not bouud to carry out his purchase, boiauso ho hud been mUled by the dimensions of the property that was sold. It WBB stated to contain six rooms, but it only continued four. Further, the boundary was 00ft. short of what it waa stated to be. It was therefore ui just to compel the purchuacr to take the property." Cl-AUENUE COUKT Ol' G'jNEHAL SESSIONS. -The Warden (Mr. C. Chipman) aud Messrs, Murdoch mid H. Lamb, J'g.P., pre- sided at'this court yesterday, and wero occupied for about two hours settling the ownership of a hummer, said to bo valued ut ' about Oil,- The plaintiff was Frank B.auk, represtnttd by his guardian, Thon us B.ock, labourer, and ho sued Wilfred1 S. West- brook, law clerk, for {the [return of the hummer or its value, aud 5s. for its deten- tion. Defendant pleaded that the hammer mcut'oned in the summons did not belong to plaintiff. Mr Syduey T. Allwright ap- pealed for plaintiff, Jaud Mr. li. Westbrook tor defend mt. In evideucc it was shown that the hammer was lent by plain iff to a Mrs. Seymour, a tenant of defendant's ut Bellerive, and the lutter, under destraiut for rent, seized the hanlin r on his own property. Overtures were »nade by botli parties regarding the ham mer before going into court, but ns thiro was Borne uncer- tainty in defendant's mind as to the rightful owner, ho retained possession of the ham- mer, although on one occasion he ofieiod to return it to defendant if it was asked fer in a courteous manner. The court decided in favour of plaintiff with co'ta. The costs will amount to a pound or two, making it rather an expensive hammer for defendant. GLKNOKOHY POMUK COURT.-There were no oases for trial at the Glenorchy Police Court yesterday. MKL,VH,LE-8TBEET WtSI.EVAN BAND Ol' HOPE -A public meeting in connootion with the Melville street Wesleyau Band of Hope will be hold this eveniug ut the Wusleyan Cnuroh, at which a number of Bongs, i-ueiiatinns, and selections by the band will bo given. Tho charge f.r ad- mission is a silver coin, and a full house is anticipated. Au, SAINTS' CUOIK CONCEIIT. -Bemitider is given of tho couce t arranged by the choiis'ers of All Saintt,' Church, which is to be held in the paiish schoolroom on the oveuiug of fuisloy uext, the 31at instant. The eu'ertaiuincut is under t'io manage- ment of Mr. T, J. Haywood, who will uleo play the accompaniments and perform tinco piano 'olos-" Valse Brilliautu in li flit ;" Sobuloffs " Galrp di Bravura," and Wober's , " Polacca in K." | TowH BOATIPS ELECTIONS.-The o'.octions of the Town Boards of Queenborough und Bellerive have boen fixed tor 12 o'eleck noui on Saturday, June 4. Seven members aro wanted in each caso, and nominations of quul ficd mtn iu acoordunco with the nrovi Mons of Bec ¡on 21 of "Tho Town BoaulB Aot, 1891," must ba muda today, Mr, Tuon. C. Just is tho R'turning Officer for Queenborough, and he «ill reoeivo nomina- tions for that Board at his office, Exhihiiion ohambers, Macqnarie-Btriet. Mr. Edwin Jacobs is Returning Officer for Bellerive, and nominations for that Board must be sent to his private rcsidonco, E-planado, Bel- lerive. GLEUK TOW.V LrrEitAiir SOOTËTV.-A pre- liminary meeting waB hold at Officer Collogo on the 19th iust. far tho purpose of consider- ing the udvisibility of foi in ing a literary and debating society on the Glebe. A pro- visional oommitteo was then appointed with Mr. A. E. Fulshnm as secretíry mo/cm., and it was agreed to hold a publio meeting at an early date. Th it publio moe ting wa» lit Id at I-llicer College last night, when Ko v. J. W. Simmons presided, and there was a good attendance, amrng tho?o p -osent being Mr. A. Crisp, M H A., Mr. A. Riddooh, Mr. Alex Morton, Mr. 6. A. McMillan, and Mr. E. Kemp. The obuirman set forth tho need of a socioty of this description ou the Glebe, and said if once formed ho had no doubt it would do a lot of good. Mr, G. A. McMillan moved-"That in tho opinion of this meeting it is dejirub'o to form a Literary and Debating Sooiety an the Globe." Mr. H. Cana Bcoonded tho motion, Mr. Crisp referred to the advautagts the Society would oonfer on the'rising genera- tion in the district, and expressed the hope that ladifB would be admitted froo. Mr. W. J. Llojd UIBO spoko in support of tho motion, which was curried. Mr. McMillan said he would give the use of tho room for the meetings in Officer Col lego free, tho Sooiety to pay for the vas. The mica of the Society, us diawa up at, tho preliminary incotiuir, were road, amended, and patsed. It was agreed lo hold the meetings fort nightly on Friday owning», the first mooting to bo held on friday, June 3. Ladies aro to be admitted members of the Society froc. The following office-bearers were elected : President, Hev. J. W. SimmonB ¡ vice presidouts, MesB». A. Ciisp, C. H. Grunt, and A Biddcch ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. A. E. Fulshnm ; committee, Messrs. A. Morton, G. A McMillan, and It. S. Pink. A letter of apology for absenco was received from Mr. C. H, Gran"-, who expressed him- self iu perfect sympathy with the movemeut. It was a'ranged that at the nponing meeting 'Rev. J. W. SimmonB should deliver a prosi dcntiul address, the remainder of the evening to"bo taken up with Bongs and recitations A' vote'of thunks to tho chairman terminalod the proocod'ngs. ClIALMEItS LlTEKAUV ASSOCIATION. -Mr. James Loiiigmoro took the chair punctually at S o'clock at the meeting held lust evening. The attendance of members and ladies was large. Messers. L. Flint, G.Avery, and H. Fish wore elected members. Mr. Fish carries wi.h him an introduction from theChalmerB Church Literury Society in Melbnurno, wlneh is one of tho loading literary institu- tions in that city. Die chairmau then re- quested Mr. Henry Shirley to introduce the di oussion on the "Irish qucbtion." Mr. Longmore congratulated members in ob- taining Mr. Shirley as u member, und he considered the Biibject under consideration waa one which uffeCed the British nation, Mr. Shirley, introducing the discussion, commenced with tie early Irish history und related the more important epochs, whilst he designated the history as anything but a tempting one. However, the unjust treatment, and oiuel, liaiah laws have done much to urouso re- bellion and Btiifc. He quoted the confisca- tion of a million -icrea and other cncioach ments. Ejglund's early policy was not to foster the prosperity ol Ii clund. A debt of 10 millions sterling on the Buitlo of the Hoyne necessitated lurthcr o. cioaohmouton the laud. Mr. Shirley followed this up jWilh many reasons in favour of Home Bu'e, and also mentioned tile generosity of the Au-.tra.Uttn oolonies, when £05 ODO was Beni to the Irish Keliuf Fund. The Uimea hud even admitted that Homo Rule was bound to be i eulised hy tho Irish people. The discus- sion waB entered into very enthusiastically by members, and Monars. VV. H. Smith and ft. Clownoy spoke against the question, I wh lit Musbr°. Chas. Sowden, YV. Baillie, aud J. MoMcekau were infuvour of it, As the time for adjournment had ariivod, it wau decided to udjourn the discussion, and rerume it at next meeting. Mr. H. Keat- ing will follow on the negative side, and UB thoie area large number of spsukorB yet to take part, should encuurago another large ut undauce. NEW TOWN LITEKABV ASÍ-OOIATION. The opening meeting of tho present ueBsiou of the New Town Literary As:ociuliou will ba lu-lil this evening at half-past 7 o'clock in the Independent schoolroom, New Town. THEATRE ROYAL -The Gaiety Burlosque Company repeated the Irish drama of the Colleen JJawii at the Theatre Boyal lust evening. There was a marked improvement in the attendance, und the piece proceeded with smoothness, \tith tho exception that one Bueno ran a narrow escape of being Beoilod by the remiesnoss of Mis. Gribbeu, who uppearei not to havo studied her part, or else nae suffering fruin a sudden and in eOnipreheiiSihle' lack of memory. Mr. A. J. Hyde, whose first appearance on the stage was chronicled in Irish drama, played Kyrla Daly with an energy and oorroetion of aoceut which showed thut he was not only bent upon making a hit, but thut his nationality stood him iu good B'oad, Mr. W. Arrowsmith, as Danny Mann, did not overdo his veiy villainous part. Mr. James Williamson wusa success au Mylos-na-Coppa leeu, and Misi Alice St. John made acupilul .anno Chute. The dresses nml scenery werd ull that could be desired, uud the pretty little Irish songs which wore given from time to timo decidodly brightened up tho dark ' of Irish life. The various and somewhat dtffi .ult movements of, the play wera > all faithfully rendered, und the audience wau uppreciuiive. Some slight improvement« might with ud van tugo have -been made in' u few of the orchestral ac- companiment«. This evening, by special rejueBt, the Auglo-Du oh drums, f of SI ruc/; Oil will ho repeatod, land'us it is really well playod there should be a «ood attouduuee. The company working with cheuriulness in the fuco of some dishearten- ing attendances, have steadily won public 1 "v.our. . ....... BENEVOLENT SOCIETV.-The ordinary weekly meeting of the Hobart Benovol.nt Sooiety waB he'd yesterday alloruoon, there being present tho Rev. J. W. Simmons (iu the chair), und Meera. Kerr, Salier, und Sittbrock. 'Hie R-gistruri (Mr. William Witt) reported that during the week 40 families, comprising 72 udu'ts and 93 children, muking a total of 105, wore re- lieved. Six oases were also investigated and tclievoil. The following clipritubly disposed poisons forwarded contributions *s under : Mossie. Tul m an ued Sou, two tona of coil ; Mr. G. Kerr, £1 ; Mr. ScholU, of K1 zubeth strect, a quantity of soup aud brawn. ? EICUJIONU Si'onrs.-Tho anniversary sports of the Loyal Richmond Lodge wero held ou the Queen's Bhthday under the control of tho following Committee of Management :-Mofsifl. M. 15. Anderson, W. Bunnan, H. Jacobs, S. H ncholiffc, S. Juoobs, H. Jones, un 1 J. W. Shipley ; haiidicjppeis, Messrs M. E. Anderson and G. lawrence. The secretary (Mr. R. Broughill) waa assisted by Mr. T. Wright. Judges, Messis. C. E li*, F. Guby, and B. Jacobs, jim. The following wure the re- sults ¡-Oddfellows' Handicap, 135yds., C. Jacobs, 1 ; H Ross, 2; A. Devitt, 3. Anni- versary Huudicip, H. Miller, 1 ; A. Jacobs, 2 ; C. IX Dewar, 3. Bicycle Handicap, one mile, E. lienniBon, 1 ; H. E. Smith, 2, 440yds. Haudicap, C. D. Dewar, 1 ; R. Woolford, 2 ; C. V. I es, 3. Bicycle Hun> dicap, li, miles, J. W. Keeling, 1 ; A. IT Golding, 2. Ono Milo Race, F. H. Johnson' 1 ; F. C. Levison, 2 ; C. Wright, 3. Hurdle Haudicup, 200yds., J. Ia. Hyland, 1 ; C. V. Iles, 2 ; H. Miller, 3. MAUCJUAIUK PLAINH Oilman MKETihu. A meeting of members of the Church of England ut Macquarie Plains has been con- vened by tho Rev. Thoa. Garrard for the 13th June next for the purpose of resolving in what way the purishiouer« of Macquarie Plains and the Plenty wish the patronage to be extended. HolJART D lill ATI NC ASSOCIATION.-The otdinary weekly meeting of the Hobart Parliamentary Debating Association .will be held this evening at the Masonic Hall, wh»u the debute on the Exhibition site will be iesuiued,)followiug the conclusion of which u debate on a bill to alter the duties of tho Customs will be commenced, PAINFUL ACCIDENT.-A carpentor nu mod Jumes Keen met with a painful nccidout yesterduy. lie waB plauing u piece of wood when the piano slipped and took tho tips of three fingers on. Ho was imme- diately taken to the hunpiUl whei o he wa» attendod by the auigcon on duty and his Mounds dressed. UNCLAIMED TKLMIKAMS-Méjuges ad 'dressed Mr. R. Deuoid, Liverpool-street; Min. Holman, Hubuit Collbe Palace ; C. Purlett ; await claimants at tho Telegraph Office. DKKMiNn AN» MÁSAME TDSSABD'S.-The Daily Chronicle says :-A most] singular ' affair has ocourred at Madam» Tusmuds in connection willi tho notorious Dooming. As is well known, the enterprising proprietors of the famous «axwork exhibition havo purchased tho materials of Dunham Villa, and tho whole havu been removed from Hainhili to Lordon, where mnny of the kitchen stones and cement have been put in tho Chamber of Hoirors. In tho cement there is the print of a mind, which is be- lieved to bo that of Deeming. A workman was sent into tho chamber to arrange tho materials, mid nat returning ho was sont foi. Bo was found dead on tho very stones willoh he lind boen soot to proparo for . thibition this KaBtor. ' A GOLDEN WEDDIN« PRISENT. - The Kmpross of fiussia has been at soma trouble in order to procure n uuiqiio present for tho goldtn wedding of her mother, tho Queen of Denmark, which ta koa placo on tho 20th inst. Tho present consists of a tonm of six horses, perfoctly white und of tho tar est breeds. In ordor to get the six logethci tho Imperial studs all over Russia had to ho searched, and the preicnt ¡B said ta bo one of the most beautiful as woll as one of the most costly that will be Bent to the " golden" brido and bridegroom at h'lodens borg. STRONGER THAN- AN ARMY.-Tho Afrioun taetBa fly is grey, about tho size of an ordi- nary herso fly, with orosiod wings. Our donkeys, poor things, got many bites, and we felt grieved at their prospootivo deaths. We provided thom with the only remedy of which wo could hear-namely, a handful of salt overy night ; but how this is supposed to act inoouuteractiog the bite of tho fly I cannot imagine. Ampia cvidenoe of tho deadlinrss of this vonomous insect is seen on the roadside Dozens of wnggnns lie rotting in tho veldt, benring melancholy testimony to the failure of Messrs. Heany and John- son's pioneer scheme. Everywhere lie the bleaching bones of the oxon which dragged tlio wugcons ¡and at Maiidigo'a isa desertad hut filled to overflowing with theBkins of thean animals, awaiting t io further development of the Pungwo traffic, to be oonvi- rtcd into ropos, or reims, ns thrv aro usually tammi in South Africa. Fully £2,000 worth of waggons, wo calculated, no passed ulong during one day's march, lying on nidi, ghost-like, as after u battle. Thin thora are Sco'ch carts of more or less valuo, and a handsome Capo oart, which Mr. Rhodes had to abandon on his way up to Maihoonaland, and which contuus in tho box seat an unused bott'o, calline itself " anti-fly mixture," an ironical oomment on the bituutioii, and at Sarmentó ltsoll, a Portuguese svttlomcnt on tho banks of tho Pungwe, twn handsome coaches, mado ox presdy in Kew Hampshiro, America, for itho occasion, lio dcsortod nour tho Portu gunpo huts. They are richly painted with arabesques and pictn-es on the panols ; " Pungweroulo to Mnshoonulind "is written thereon in loiters of cold. The comfortable .cnehiunB ius'do aro being moth-oaten, aud the approaching rains will complete tho ruin of these handsome but ill-fated veniales. Meanwhile the Portuguese stand by and laugh at the disoomfiturc of their British rivals in thoir thirst for gold. Even the sign- board,, with " To Masho'.na'und " insoribed upon it, is in ila place ; and all this elabóralo preparation for the piouoor route ' has been rendered abortive by that venomous little iiiBect, the tsetse fly. i CIGARETTES. -The Congress of tho United States is urged to suppress " (lie deadly cigarette" by a tax of lOdol. per 1,000. According to the promotcis of this mea- sure, "Clippings taken from papers throughout the Unitod Rtatos show that dut iug the past year there iiave been about 100 deaths nf young mon, nios'ly under Iii years nf »go, fiom tho effects of Binokiug poper-wrapped cigarrotcB In some canes there Ima been an auulycis of the stomach, and in most instances havo bean found phosphorus and arsenic, which is largely used in the manufacture of cigarette papar. About 100 man havo also bien con- signad to insana asylums from the same cause." Meanwhile tho Legislature of On- tario has j ist read a second time a bill introduced hy the Premier prohibiting the uta of uigirettes by any one under the ago of l8. Under this Aot the penalty for smoking will be a fino of Idol, to 5dol., while those who sell cigarettes to porsons under l8 will bo fined from lOdol. to 50do], 