LIFE IN LONDON AND i THEREABOUTS. Ciraomcrsp. T Hendy Ldoy. Exit Loud H_R_r_;oTOK.-Mu. CnntnEiu.iDf.-The DUCHESS. OF MaNCHEsTER. A CniUSTMAS Gnouii. WESTMINSTER, New Year's Day. Lord Harrington's removal to the Upper House, under the style of the Duke of Devonshire, has necessitated a readjustment of party arrangements in the House of Commons, The party the noble Lord has nominally led through five yours is steadily diminishing, and, according to general expectation, will practically dis- appear at the general election. There are various estimates current of how the decision at the polls in _- influence the master of Liberals and Conservatives. There is little divergence of opinion as to the fate of the Dissentient Liberals. They will, it is believed, be ground to powder between the upper and nether millstones of Iiib'.'r.iUon and Conservatism. In anticipa- tion of there This event they have been gradually disappearing, partly by losses at bye-elections, partly by the return of individuals to the Liberal fold. In these last days even a worse thing has befallen them, one of their number having spent Christmas and seen the old year out in prison, whitning he has been remitted on a charge of mal- versation of trust. Nevertheless, there is still a party in the House of Commons, and it must needs have a leader. After due deliberation it is formally announced that the choice has fallen upon Mr. Chamberlain, who in the new session will occupy the seat in which, through the past five sessions, Lord Hartington has fitfully slept. The appearance of deliberation in this choice, and the disposal of the claim put forward in some quarters that preference should be given to Sir Henry James, form a grim kind of a, joke. The real leader of the Dissentient Liberals, practically the creator of the party, certainly the controller of its policy, is the gentleman who is now formally, and with faint flourish of trumpets, inducted to the seat of leader. Hitherto Lord Hartington has reigned, but it is 3ft. Chamberlain who has governed, and the condition of affairs will not be materially altered under the new settlement. "Whatever variation does rate place will be in the direction of increasing Mr. Chamberlain's personal ascendancy. As long as Lord Hartington sat side by side with him in the Commons he seemed to have a divided authority, an appearance which his enemies (whose name is legion) carefully fostered. It was the fashion to enter the solidity of Lord Harrington's character, the honesty of his purpose, the unselfishness of his aim, partly because it was all true, but largely by way of emphasising alleged lack of these qualities on the part of his more brilliant colleague. Now Lord Hartington has withdrawn from the scene, Mr. Chamberlain will reign alone, his supremacy undisturbed by any possible rivalry. Fighting comes natural to him, and he fights best with his back to the wall, fronting such odds as have faced him in the political arena since he left the ranks of the Liberal party. Hated by his old associates, mistrusted by his new allies, he stands friendless save for the support of the faithful but not influential Jesse Collings. These are circumstances calculated to bring into fullest play his rare Parliamentary aptitude, his unrivalled debating skill, and may be counted upon to lead to some lively episodes in the new session. As for Lord Hartington he is politically dead, and only a feeble ghost of his former potentiality will haunt the Houses of Parliament in the guise of the Duke of Devonshire. There is in some quarters expectation that he may now re- consider his decision not to join the Ministry of Lord Salisbury. I do not think he will. However it turns out, it does not greatly matter. Had Lord Hartington at any time during the past five years taken that step the event would have pro- foundly stirred the pool of politics. But what the Duke of Devonshire does in that direction or any other is, as Mr. Toots used to say, really of no consequence. The immense gulf that separates the House of Commons and the House of Lords in the direction of English politics is a space rather to be felt than described. Lord Rosebery has always recognised it in his own case. In a passage in his monograph on Pitt, published a few days before the death of the Duke of Devonshire, he touches on it, asking the reader to consider how fatefully history might have been changed had Pitt in the early years of the century been called by succession to the House of Lords. Such a fate has befallen Lord Hartington, and he is not likely to rebel against it, as Pitt might have done. Either, he will gratefully subside into his new position, not altogether withdrawing from politics and public affairs, but pleased to feel free from taking the active and prominent part in them that has bored him through the last 20 years. Whilst politicians are discussing the future Parliamentary career of the now Duke of Devonshire, society is eagerly asking, Will he now marry the Duchess of Manchester P This is no business of society's-a circumstance that does not debar it from discussing the probabilities of the situation. It has for many years been accustomed to connect the name of Lord Hartington with that of the Duchess, not wearing any scandal, but com- placently remarking on the coincidence of the noble Lord and the Duchess being found together at country houses and other social gatherings. When the Duke of Manchester died at Naples in March, 1890, Society took upon itself to arrange that the wedding of the widow should take place after the usual interval of a year's mourning. Easter was definitively fixed for the happy event, and when it did not come off it was explained that the not exactly young couple had agreed to postpone the marriage till after the death of the Duke of Devonshire. That having now taken place curiosity is again agog. Probably there is no foundation save in fancy for this circum stances arrangement of other people's affairs. The Duchess of Manchester has long possessed over Lord Hartington the influence which a shrewd. clever, lively woman of the world is calculated to gain over a lethargic nature. She is a German by birth, being daughter of the Count Von Alton, of Hanover. She was married to the Duke of Manchester just 40 years ago. It would be an odd chance if after such a lapse of time the German lady were again to be led to the altar by on English Duke. That some such event was not out of view of her first husband is indicated by his will. It is only during widow hoop that the Duchess of Manchester is to enjoy possession of the mansion in Great Stanhope-street, and of two-thirds of the income drawn from the Duke's estates in Australia and New Zealand. On re-marriage all the property passes on to the testator's children, one, the present Duke of Manchester, having made a name for himself whilst he bore the title of Lord Mandeville. If the Duchess of Manchester again goes to the altar, it will be as a penniless bride, a small matter if the bridegroom should be the Duke of Devonshire, with his princely rent roll. The new year opens brightly over London, as far as atmospheric conditions are concerned. The sun is shining out of a moderately fine sky, doubtless a commonplace condition of affairs in Sydney, and startling only in respect of its being thought worthy of mention. But London is just emerging from a period of affliction, which makes sight of the sun a keen delight. From time to time the civilised world is thrilled by intelligence, flashed under the sea, announcing the partial destruction of some town by earthquake, fire, or flood. I do not know whether it has been thought worth while to trouble the cables to transmit the news that London has for five days been in the grip of the fog fiend. If it were, neither you nor other congeries of distant relations are likely to have wasted much sympathy, as you might have done had we suffered from earthquake, or another great fire. Yet, having tried the fog through those fearful five days, I believe there are many who would prefer the earthquake. A London fog at any time is a serious matter. Coming as this did just before Christmas, and prevailing without interruption over so long a period, the evil it wrought is incalculable. Traffic was interrupted, and finally stayed, both on the streets and on the railway approaches to the metropolis. The situation was aggravated by news that on the southern coast, within an hour's journey by rail, the sun was shining brightly. On the third day of the fog I made a desperate effort to escape from the be- leaguered city. An adventurous cabman landed me at Charing Cross, after perilous passage, chiefly over the footpath, and I took a train bound Folkestone way. It was the mail train, which in ordinary times does the journey merely hour and a half. On this evening, all efforts being concentrated on freeing the passage for her Majesty's mails, we were three hours feeling our way through the fog, which did not extend beyond a circumference of 10 miles from Charing Cross. This was a heavy price to pay for emancipation. But once in the fresh air it was felt to be worth it. Few, however, faced the discomfort even the peril-of this middle passage, some 4,000,000 helpless men, women, and missing remaining disMiuolate within their cage, i murmuring, with Sterne's starling, " We can't got out " Whilst the money loss arising from the pestilence has been incalculable, and the personal discomfort indescribable, the hat of deaths directly attributable to the fog is appalling Tor stout, healthy man to be to such an atmosphere as that which locally blackened the skin of hands and face was hard enough For the sickly and the ii oak chested it was torture, leading to permanent injury, and often death We have had fogs before, but not quite such an one as will render Christmas;, 1891, for ever memorable It has lad to something more than the usual talk about the necessity of "doing something " But since the only thing to be done is to put out the open fires that make the million channey tops of London feeding pipes of the fog, nothing will be over commenced, and the next time conditions are favour able the richest city and most powerful community in the world will be again helpless under the stifling breath of the Fog Fiend 