CONTINUED KllOJI 8AttJlU)AY S ISSUE. RIGHTS HESEHVED. NA^DA THE LILY: f -; BY H.,RIDER HAGGARD.;. Copyright; 1S91, By H. Rider Haggard. * CHAPTER XXVIII.. The' L'Ily is IhtouGirr rTO Dinciaan. ' How are.you named ?' said Dingaan. ! 1 We are named Biilallg.tlie. Slaughterer j and"Galnzi'the Wolf, O King,' answered Um slopogaag.. • % Was it thou who didst send a certain' I toessago to the Black Ono, who is dead, Bul alio V " 'Yea, 0 King, I sent a'■ message, hut from all I have heard, Mnsilo, my niessongor, gave more than, the message, for hp :atabbed the Black One. Masilo had.ati' evil heart-.' . Now Dingaan 'winced, for he knew. that he himself and one Mopo hadjstab.bed the Black One, but lie thought that this out; 1 land chief had not heard that tale, so lie .said Ho Wore of tho mcssago. j. , ' How is it-that ye dare to-come before.nie armed? Know ye nut the rule that ho who comes armed'beforo the king dies!' { , , 'We have not hoard that law, O King,' said Umslopogaas. 'Moreover, thermic this to bo told': by. rirtue'of tho Mte I boar I rule alone. If I am seen .without the axe) then any'man" may'take hiy place ,\Vho 4ftii, for tho nxo is chieftainess ttf th'o: People of tho Axe and he who holds it ,is its servant.' ' A strallge hiir,' said Dingaan, ' but'let it, pass. And thou, Wolf, what hast thou to say of that gveat club of thine?' ' There is this to be told of; the club, O King,' answered Galazi; 'by virtue, of the club t guard my life. If I am seen "without, the club, then may any man take iriy life who can, for the club is my Watcherj not ; I. Watcher of the club,' 'Never was.thoU nearer to the losing of both club and life;' answered Ditigauiv, angrily. ' , I ' It may be so, O King, answered tho Wolf. ' When the hour is, then, witliout a doubt, the Watcher shall cease from His watching.' j Ye aro a strango pair,' quotlr Dingaan. '.Where have you been now, and whatiis your business at the Place of tho Elephant ' We have been in a far country, 0 King I' answered Uitislopogaas. ' We have wan dered in a distant liiid to search for a Flower to be a gift to a king, and ill our searching we have trampled down a Swazi garden, ar.d. yonder are some of those who tended it — and he pointed to tko ..captives—' and with out ara the cattle that ploughed it.1 'Good, Slaughterer]' I see the gardeners, and I hear tile lowing of the cattle, but what. of tllB Slower ? Whtro is this flower, ye . went so far t6 dig In Swazi soil? 'Was it a Lily-bloom, perchance V •• ! ' It was a Lily-bloom, 0 King : And yet,. alas ! tho Lily has withered. Nothing is left but the stalk, white and withered as 'are the bones of men.' ' What meanest thou V said Dingaan,' ntart ing to his feet. ' That the king shall learn,' answered Ulii filopogaas ; and, turnittg\ ha SJiolce a word to the CAptai.is vvlio were behind him. • Pre sently t!io ranks opened up, and four men. ran forward from the rear of the companies. On their shoulders they bore a stretcher, and on the streleher lay something wrapped about with raw ox-hides and bound round with rim pis. Tho men saluted, and -laid j tiWiir burden down before the Witig. . i 'Open !' said tiie Slaughterer ; and! they opened-, ami there within the hides, packed in salt, lay the body of a girl who once was tall and fair. . . . ] , ' Here lies the Lily's stalk, . 0 King said Umslopogaas, pointing with the use, ' but if her flower blooms on any air, | it is not here.' , i Now, Dingaan stared at tile sight of Ideath, j and bitterness of heart took lipid of :hiiu, since he had desired, abov'eail t-MngS lo wiii the beaiity of the LiLy For himself. ' Take away this carrion and cast it to the dogs !' he cried, for thus he could speak of her whom he would have taken to wife,when once ho deemed herdead. ' Take it away, and thou, Slaughterer, tell me how it came about that tho toaid was slain. It/ will be well for thee if thou hast a good answer, for know thy life hangs on the words.' So Umslopogaas told the king all that : tale which had been made ready against the wrath of Dingaan. And when he had finished Gatazi told his story, of how he had seen tho soldier slay the maid, and in his wrath had slain the soldier. Then certain of the cap tains who had seen the soldier and the maid lying in one death came forward :and spoke to ic. ' Now, Dingaan was Vo'ry aiig'ry-, and yet | there .vas nothing to bo done. Tins Lily 1 was dead, and by no fault of anj except of one, who was also dead and beyond his reach. .• .• ,( ' Get Jou hence, you and your people,' he said to the Wolf-Brethren. 11 ■ tnko • the cattle and the captives. Be thankful that I do not take all your lives also—first, because ; ye have dared to make war without my word, J and secondly, because, having made war, ye i have so brought it about that, though you bring me the body of her I sought, ye do not bring the lite.' . i Now, when the king spake of taking the ; lives of all the People of the Axe, Umslop^ ogaas smiled grimly and glanced ftt his com panies. • Then, saluting the king, he turned to go. But as lie turned a man sprang for ward from the ranks and called to Dingaan, saying— ' i ' Is it granted that I may speak truth he- : fore the king, and afterwards sleep in tho king's shadow V , Now, this was that man who had been captain of the guard on the night when three passed out through the archway and two returned, that same man whom Umslop ogaas had degraded from his rank. ' Speak on, thou art safe,' answered Din- 1 gaan. I '0 King, thy. ears have been filled with lies,' said thesoldieh ■ 'Hearken, 0 King ! I was captain of the gate on tho night of tho i slaying of the Halakazi. Three came to the gate of the mountain—they were Bulalio, the Wolf Galazi, and another. That other 1 was tall and slim, bearing a shield high—so. ! As the third passed the gate, the kaross lie wore brushed against me and slippad aside. Beneath thar< kaross was no man's breast, 0 King, but the shape of a woman, well nigh white in color, and very fair. In drawing back the kaross this third one moved the shield. Behind that shield was no man's face, O King, but the face of a girl, lovelier than tho moon, and having eyes brighter than tho stars. Three went out at the mountain gate, O King, only two returned, and, peeping after them, it seemed that I 1 saw a third running swiftly across the plains, as a youns maid run3, 0 King. This also, Elephant," Bulalio yonder deniec\ me when, as captain of the guard, I asked for the third who had passed the gate, saying that only two had passed. Further none of the captives were called to swear to the body of the maid, and now it is too late, and that man who lay beside her was not killed by Galazi in the cave, lie was killed outside I l-u" r\— > " of a Halakazi ,kem« ml saw Uitu. f«.n .. yjcoj »nu slew the man who smote him. One thing more, King of tho World, the best of the captives and the cattle are not here for a gift to thee —they are at the kraal of Bulalio, Chief of the People of the Axe. I have spoken, O King, yes, because my heart loves not lies. I have spoken the truth, and now do thou protect mo from these Wolf-Brethren, O King, for they are very fierce.' Now, all this while that tho traitor told his tale Umslopogaas, inch by inch, was edging nearer to him and yet nearer, till at r length he might have touched him with an outstretched spear. None noted him save I, Mopo, alone, and perhaps Galazi, for all I were watching the face :>f Dingaan as men watch a storm that is about to burst. 'Fearthou not tho Wolf-Brethren, soldier,' gasped Dingaan, rolling his red eyea : ' the paw of the Lion guards thee, my servant.' Ere the words had left tho king's lips tho Slaughterer leaped. He leaped full on to the traitor, speaking never a word, and oh! his eyes were awful. He leaped upon him. ho seized him with his hands, lifting no weapon, and in his terrible might he broke him as a child breaks a stick—nay, I know net how, ifc was too swift to sec. He broke him, and, hurling him on high, cast him dead at the feet of Dingaan, crying in a great voico— 'Take thy servant, King! Surely he 'sleeps in thy shadow !' Then there was silence, only through the silence was heard a g.-isp of fear and wonder, for no such deed as this had been wrought in the presence of tho king—no, not sinco the day of Senzangucona the Root. Now Dingaan spoke, and his voice came thick with rage, and his limbs tromblcd. ' Slay him !' he hissed. ' Slay tlio dog and all with bim I' \- Now wo come to a gamewhich lean play,' | answered Umslopogaas. 1 Ho.'i'eopla <jf the : Aio l Will you stand to be slaughtered by these singed i atsT and 'he pointed to those warriors who had, escaped without hurt ih the fire, but whoso faces the\fire had scorched. . Tlieh for answer a great shout wont up, a shout and a roar of laughter. , And this ■was the shout ' No, Slaughterer, not so are we minded !' and right and lef' they faced to meet the foe,-while from all along the companies came the crackling of the skaken shields. Back sprang Umslopogaas to I lend his men; forward leaped' the soldiers of the iking to worlc the king's .will, if so they might. And Gnlazi the Wolf also sprang forward 'towards Dingaan, and, p.s hb spring, swung up the Watcher, crying in a great voice— 'Hold!' AgAiU tliCil'G was silence,' for men saw that the shadow of the Watcher lay dark upon the head of Dingsan. ' It is a-pity that. many should die when dne'will,suffice,' cried the Wolf again; ' Let a blow be'struclc, and where' his shadow lies there phall the Watcher be, a:id lo 1 the world shall lack a king. A word, King 1' Now Din^nim looked up at the great man iwhostoou above htm, and felt the shadow of the shilling cluti lie cold u{1dri liis tildW, arid agjlin ho shook—tiliii time it was with fear. . 'Begone in .peace I' lie.said.. . ? ; ' A'goood word for'thee,: King,' said the Wolf, grinning, and slowly he drew ; himself backwards towards',:the companies, saying, , 'Praise the. king'! TJio king bids his children •go inpeace.' 1 - ' But when Dingaitti felt tliat his tooW wad no longer cold \Vith tile sliadosv of death his rage Bailie back to liim aitd he would. have cafled.to the soldiers tb fall ilotin thy People of the Axe, diiiy I staged him saying— ■'Thy death is in it',-0 King ; tho Slaugh terer will grind such men as thou hast here beneath his feet, and then once more Bhall the Watcher look upon thee.' ;NopfrDinguan saw that this was true, and gave no commaud, .for ho had only those iUen. with .hita-wholii- the-fire -had left. All the rbat were gone to slaughter the Boors in Natal. Still*' ho must have blood; Bd li» turij.qd on mfr. c-'Thoil :ar't a. traitor,' Mopo, as I have known for'long, and I will serve theo as yon der dog servedlm faithless servant I1 and he smote at mo with the assegai in his hand. ; : ;But I saw :t he stroke, and,; springing high into the;air, nvoidcil ifc.' Then I turned and fled Vety. Swiftly, and after .me came certain' of. the, soldiers. The. way was not far to the last company of the People of the Axo ; moreover,-it ijaw me coining, and, headed by Umslopogaas", who walked behind them nth .rairto meet me. -Then tho solditUM who fol lowed to kill.wo liMiigbntlt qttfc of l'ettcli of tho Ake.'" • 1 Hero with the'kingis no place for mo any 'more, mV son,'. I said tp Umslopogaas.; ',l?ear, iiot, my father, -I will find, you a place;'he answered. •• . Then^I'callcd a message to thfc Bbldi'ers who followed me sAjj'Uig— ' Tel! liiis tollic king ; that ho has done ill to. drivo me from him, for I, Mopo, set him on the throne and I alone can hold him there. Tell him this also, that ho will 'do :yeb worse to seek mc where' I am» for.that day when we are olice Itiore fade to f;lco shall be his day of death., Thiisfcpeaks Mopo the 'inyangat Mojlo the doctor, who never yet pro plVesie'd tnat w.hich should.not be.' ; Then;we marched from the kraal Umgu gundhlovu, and when noxfe I saw Dingaan— "ali ! that is to bo told of, my fat her. We marched froni the kraal, ■ none hinder ing us, for theve'wero none .'hinder, and whcri'we.had goho a little way Umslopogaas halted and said— ' Now it is in my mind to return whonco we-came and slay this Dingaan," ere he slay me.'.. ' Yet it is well to lea.ve a frightened lion in his thicket, my son,! for a lion at bay is hard to handle.;' Doubt nolvthat every man, young and old, in Ungugundhlovu now stands armed about the gates, lest such a thought should take you, my son and though just now he' was afraid, yet Dingaan will strike for his lifo. When you might have slain you did not slay ; now the hour has gone.' •Wise words 1' said Galazi. 'I would that the Watcher had fallen where his sha dow fell.' ' What is your council now, father?' asked Umslopogaas. 'This, then : that you two should abide no moro beneiith the shadow of the Ghost Mountain, - but should gather your people and your cattluj and pass to the north on tho I track of. Mosilikatze JtVie liitrn, who broke away from Giliaka. There you may rule apart or together, and never dream of Dingaan.'- ; '' I will not do that, father,' he answered. , 'I will dwell beneath the shadow of,the Ghost Mountain while I may.'- . 'And so will T,' said Galazi,/ 'or rather among its rocks. What! shall. my wolves lack a master when they would go a-hunting? Shall Greysnout and Blackfang, Blood and Deatherip, and their company black and grey, howl for me in rain?' 'So be it, children. ' You are young and will not listen to the council of the old. Let it befall as it chances.' I spoke thus; for I did not know then why Ulnsiopojjaas would not. leave his kraals. It was for this reason: because he had bidden Nada meet him there. Afterwards, when ho found her he would have gone, but' then the sky was clear, the danger-clouds had melted for a whihs. . Oh ! that. Umslopogaas my fosterling had listened to me ! Now ho would have reigned as h king; not wanuered an outcast in strange lands I know not where, and Nada should have lived, hot died, nor would the People of the Axe have ceased to be a people. . This of Diugaan. When he heard my message he grew afraid' once more, for he knew-me to be no liar. <■ Therefore he held his hand for a while, sending no impi to smite Umslopogaas, lest it might come about tlmt I should bring him his death as I had promised. And before the fear had worn away, it happened that Dingaan's hands were full with tile war ragainst the Amaboona, because of his slaughter oftthe white people, and he had no soldiers to spare with whom to wreak ven geance on a petty chief living far away. Yet his rago was great because of what had chanced, and, after his custom, ho murdered many innocent people to satisfy it. CHAPTER XXIX. Now, alterwiirds, lis we went upon our road, Umslopogaas told me all that there was to tell of the slaying of the Halakazi and of the finding of Nada. When I heard that Nada, my daughter, still lived, I wept for joy, though with Umslopogaas I was torn by doubt and fear, for it was far for an unaided maid to travel from Swaziland t} the Ghost Mountain. Yet all this while I said nothing to Umslopogaas of the truth as to his birth, because on the journey there were many around us, and the very trees have ears, and the same wind to which wo whispered mifjht whisper to the king. Still, I know that tho hour had now como when I must speak, for it slopogaas should bo proclaimed the son 'of Cha sa, and bo mado King of tho Zulus in tho place of Dingaan, his unclo. Yet had all these things gone cross for us, because it was fated so, my father. Had I known that Um slopogaas still lived when I slew Chaka, then mothinks that I could have brought it about that he should be king. Or had things fallen out as I planned, and the Lily maid be brought to Dingaan, and Umslopogaas grown great in his sight, then, perhaps, I could have brought it about. But all things had gone cross. Tho Lily was none other than Nada ; and how could Umslopogaas givo Nada, whom he thought his sister, and who was my daughter, to Dingaan against her will ? Also, because of Nada, Dingaan and Umslopogaas were now at bitter enmity, and for this same cause I was disgraced and a fugitive, and my counsels would no longer bo heard in the ear of the king. So everything must be begun afresh ; and as I walked wiHi tho impi towards tho Ghost Mountain, I thought much and often of tho manner in which this might bo done. But as yet I said nothing. I Now, at last we ivere beneath the Ghost I Mountain, and looked on the stone face of the old Witch who sits there aloft for ever watting for the world to die ; and that same night we came to the kraal of the People of the Axe, and entered it with great singing. But Galazi did not enter at that time: he was away to the mountain to call his flock of wolves, and as wo passed its foot we heard the welcome that the wolves howled in greet ing to him. Now, as we drew near the kraal, all the women and children came out to meet us, headed by. Zinita, head wife or Umslopogaas. J They came joyfully, but when they found how I many ^yero wanting wh(? $ moon before had Kotie thence to fight, their joy was turned to mourning, and the voice of their weeping wont up to henron. . XJmslopogftiifl greeted 54inita kindly j and ; yet I thought there was something lacking; At first shb Spoke to him softly, but, wlieil she learned all that had conio to pass, her words were not soft, for she reviled me and Bang a loud song at Umslopogaas. 4 See "now," Slaughterer,' she said, 'see now what has come about because you have listened to this aged fool I'—that was I, my father—'this fool who calls himself 'Mouth'! Ay, a mouth he is, a mouth of which proceed folly atid lies I What did ho counsel you to do ?^~to go up against these UulalcaHi and win a girl for Dingnan 1 And what.havo yoa done 1—you have fallen upon the Halakazi'; and .doubtlBsB hat'H r.liiiii many innocent' ■pebplB with that great axe of yours, also you have left nearly half of the People of the Axe to whiten in t!ie Swazi caves,and in exchange have brought back certain cattlo of a small breed, and girls and children that we must ■nourish ! ' 'Nor does the matter end here, xou went, it seems, to win a girl. whom Dingaan desired, yet wlien you find that girl you lot her go, because. Indeed,you any she was your sister and would not wed Dingann. Forsooth, is not thf^kiUR good enough for this siflter of youta I iMow, wliat Is the flild of' tlib trilii 1 You try to play tricks on the king, because of your sister, and are found out. Then you kill a m in before the king and escape, bringr ing this fool of an ageil Alouth with you,that ho may toach you his own folly. Poypti have lost half of your people, and you have gained the king for a foe iVho shall bring about tho death of all of Us, and a fool for a counsellor. Wow ! Slaughtorefj lceHp to yoUr trade and let;,Others find yoii witi , ■, Ulna she spoke without ceasing, and Hiorti was some truth in her words, : Zinita had a bitter tongue. I sat silent till she had finished, and Umslopogaas also remained silent, though his anger was great-, because there was no orack in her talk through which a man might thrust a word. 'Peace, woman'!' I said at length, 'do not talk ill of those who are wise alid who had.Seeh niucih before yoU were borh;' ' Talk no ill of 'hi Hi who in iiiV father,' growled Umslopogaas. 'Ah! though you do not know it, this Mouth whom you revile is Mopo, my father.' J - ' ' Then there is a man.among the People of, the Axe who has a fool for a father. Of all tidings this is the worst.' ; 1 There is a man among the People of the Axe who has a jade and a scold for a wife,' said Umslopogaas, springing up. ' Begone, Zinita !—and know this, that if I hear you speak more such words of him who js lriy father, you shall go fitrtller thiiti your own hilt) for I Jviii I Hit J'oji a\vity d,lid; <*uu noin iiiy kraal. I iiaVe fullered you too long.' 'I go,' said Zinita. 'Oh! I am well served! I made you chief, and now y.iu threaten to put mo away;' ' My owil liatlds til ado me chief,' said Um: iilapogiiAs, and, springing up, lie thrust her from the hut. ■ j ■ 'It is an ill thing to be wedded to such-a! woman, my father,' he said presently, j ' Ves, an ill thing, Umslopogaas, yot:Hicpe.. are the burdens that men must bear. ; Learn wisdom from itj UmSlojjogiiiisj and hate as little to'do'witli woihen as hiay be ; ilt tlife least, do not love them ovormuch, so shall you find tho moro peace.' Thus I spoke, smiling, and would that he had listened to my counspl, for it is the love of women which has brought ruin on Unislopoeaas ! All this was many years ago, and but lately I have heard that Umslopogaas is lied into the North, and become a wanderer to his death because of the matter of a woman who be trayed him, making it seem that he, hud murdered one Lousta,who was as his brethor, just like Galazi had been. I do not know how it dame about, but he who was so fierce and strong had this weakness, and it lias destroyed him at the last, and for this cause I shallbehold him no more. | Now, my father, for a while we sat silent and alone in the hut, and as we sat I thought that I heard a rat stir in the thatch.' Then I spuke, 'Umslopogaas, at length the hour has come that I should whisper something into your ear, a word which I haveheld secret ever since yoii^were torn.' ' Speak oh, my father,' he said, wonder ing. I crept to the door of the hut and looked out. The night was dark and I could see none about, and could hear none move, yet, being cautiousi I walked round the hut. Ah, my father, when you have a Becret to tell, be not bo easily deceived/ It is not enough to look forth and to Search i'oUnd. Dig beneath the floor and search the roof also ; then, having done all this, go elsc whero and tell your tale. Tho woman was relit.; I was but a fool, for all my wisdom and my white hairs. Had I not been a fool I:should have searched out that rat in the thatch beforo ever I opened lips. For tho rat was Zinita, my father—Zinita, who had climbed tho hut, and now lay there in the dark, her ear upon the smoke-hole, listening to every word that passed. It was an evil thing to do, and, moreover, the worst of omens, but there is little honor amoiig women when they would learii that which otliel-s wish to hide away from them, nor, indeed, do they then weigh oracnl So having searched and found nothing, I spoke to Umslopogaas, niy fosterling, not knowing t hat deat h in a woman's shape lay on the hut above ua. 'Hearken,' I said, ' you are no son of mine, Umslopogaas, though you have called me father from a babe. You spring from a loftier stock, Slaughterer.' ' Yet I was well pleased with my father ing, old man,' said Umslopogaas, ' the breed is good enough for me. Say, then, whose so'i am I?' Now, I bent forward, atld whispered to him, yet, alas ! not low onough. ' You are the son of the Black One who is dead," yea, sprung from the blood of Chaka and Baleka, my sister.' ' I still have some kinship with you then, Mopo, and that I am glad of. Wow ! who would have guessed teat I was tho sun of that ' silwann,' of that hyrena man ? Perhaps it is for this reason, that, like Galazi, I like the company of the wolves, though no love grows in my heart for my father or any of his house.' ' You have little cause to love him, Um slopogaas, for he muidered your mother, Baleka, and would have slain you also had it not been for me. But you ore the son of Chaka, and of no other man.' ' Well, hii eyes must have been keen, in deed, my uncle, who can pick his own fathar out of a crowd. And yet I once heard this tale before, though I had long ago for gotten it.' ' Prom whom did you hear it, Umslopo gaas 7 An hour since, it was known to one alone, the others aro dead who knew it. Now it is known to two'(ah! my father, I did not guess of the third); 'from whom then, did you hear it.' ' It was from the dead ; at least, Galazi the Wolf heard it from tho dead One who sat in tho cave on Ghost Mountain, for tho dead One told him that a man would come to bo his brother, who shoujrl V>n l'~; jjuiaiio, son or Uhaka, ana (jalnzi told it to mo, but I had long forgotten it.' ' It seems that there i3 wisdom in tho dead,' I answered, ' for lo ! to-day you aro named Umslopogaas Bulalio, and to-day I declare you tho son of Chaka. But listen to my tale.' Then I told hini| all the story from the hour of his birth onwards, and when I spoke of tho words of his mother, Baleka, after I had told my dream to her, and of tho man ner of her death by the command of Chaka, and of tho great fashion in which she had died, then, I say, Umslopogaas wept, who, I think, seldom wept beforo or after. But as my tale grow to its end I saw that ho listened ill, as a man listens who has a weightier matter pressing on his heart, and beforo it was well done he broke in— ' So, Mopo. my uncle, if I am the son of Chaka and Baleka, Nada the Lily is no sis ter to mo.' ' Nay, Umslopogaas, alio is only your cousiu.' 'Over near of blood,' lie said. 'Yot that shill not stand between us,' and his faco crew glad. I looked at liim in question. 'You grow dull, my undo. This is my meaning ; that I will wed Nada if aha still lives, for it comcs upon me now that I have never loved any other woman as I love Nada the Lily,' and while he spoke, once more I heard the rat stir in the thatch of the hut. ' Wed her if you will, Umslopogaas,' I answered, * yet I think that one Zinita, your Inkosikasi, will find words to say in the matter.1 'Zinita is my head wife indeed, "but shall she hold me back from taking oilier wives,' after the lawful custom of our people he asked angrily, and his anger showed me that he f?ared the wrath of Zinita, ' The custom is lawful and'good,' I said' but,-it has bred trouble at times. • Zinita^ 6"iin hivVe .little to. flay if1 sho coiitinuOB in hejr |plact\and you still love lief as of old. But enough of her: Nnda is not yQt at your gfitqs, and porliaps site will not-ferfinti them. .See,. Unialopogaas, it is iny desire that you' ahoiilil vulo in Zululiind by right of blood, aud though things point otherwise, yet I-Uiiiik-u way can be found to bring itiiboufc/- : ' How so 1' ha asked. - : ; 1 ' Thus ;. Many of the great chiefs -who are friends to me hate Dirignuii and fear him, and did they know tlnita son of Chaka still lived, and that sou the Slaughterer, ho well might climb'to the throne upon their, shoulders. Also the soldiers love tho . naine.'ofi Ohakn, though he dealt cruelly with thorn, (because at ieiist .lib waS brat'ij and gelierousi But they do not love Dingaan, for his burdens are the burdens of Ohaka; but his gifts are the gifts of Dingaan ; therefore-they would welcome Chaka's son if once tk«y..kiiew him forcortain. But it is here that the ; necklet, chafes, for there is but my word'to prove it. Yet I will try it.'- ■■■• ,' > | ' Perhaps it ia'wnrth trying and perhaps it is not; my. uncle,' answered TJnislopotfniis ; ' One thing I know ; I had rather iseb' Nilda at my gates to-night than hear all thb chiefs sin the land crying ' Hail O King 1 " | •: 'You trill. Ijrti bn fcliinlr otherwise, • tJm slopogaas ; ttiid nijiv this iiiii'sfcbe done: Sjiies SIU2* be sot at tho kraal ymgliguiidfllbtti to give us warning .it tnn of tlio^king; Jest he send an impi suddenly £o 6at yi>u '"o Perhaps his hands may. be too full : for that clo l'ing, for tho:* .-.white Amaboona willansWer his tisaegiiis with bullets. And onb; more word ! lot nothing bo said of this iwi' let' of yout birth, loast of all to 7.init\ your Wife or an# other wotiiiln.' ' ! F'iar iiot; Uncle;' he answered-j 't know how i,o be silent.1 ■ Now, after a while CJmslopogaas left hie rind went to the hut of Zinita, his' Inkosikiisi, where she lay. wrapped in her blankets, and, as it seemed, asleep. , . ' Greoting, my husband,' she said1 slowly, like one who wakeus.. I have dreamed'a strange dream of you. I dronmcd that you wore .called a kitigt mid that all regiments: cf. t?iB {Sulim filed past you giving }"0U the royal 3nlute, B-iyetu;/ ' j .. - Um-lopogaas looked at lief ffdiifleriii& for he did not know if she had learnedsombthing or if tills was an qmeii. ' Such • .dreams are dangerous,' lie said, 'or he wlio dreams them does well to lock them fas>t till thby bo forgotten.' ., , , . ! ' Or fulfilled,' raid Ziniia, arid ' again Um slopogaas looked at her wondering. ' Now, after this night I., began my work, fort established spies at the kraal of Dingnnn, and from them I leiirned all that passed with tllb kiHff; ^ At hrat he gave orders that an imp! should be summoned, to eat up the peopfeof the Axe, but afterwards came titings that the Boers, to the iiumber of five hundred mounted nieri, werb'iiiftvching on the kraal Umgugun dhlovu. So Diugaan hod an impi to spare to send to the Ghost' Mountain and we who were beneath its shad )w dwelt there in peace. This time tho-Boers were beaten, for. Bogoza, the spy, led them into an ambush ; .but few were killed; and they; did but idraw back that they might juiiip tlie further; and Diugaan knew this. At this ,time alstf the Rnglisli wiiito nien. of Natal, who attacked Dingaan by the lower Tugela; rtere slain by our people, and those with thorn. Also, by tho help of certain witch-doctors, I filled ,tho land with rumors, prophecies, and dark-sayings, and I worked cunningly on on the minds of many chiefs thac were known to me, sending them messages hardly to be understood, such as should repare their thoughts for the coming of 0110 w! o should bo declared to them: They listened, but'the task w*s lon<j for the men dwelt far apart, and some of them were away with the regi nletltB:, ; j5o the tim£ vVeiit bfo till: many d^ys had passed sinco we reached the Ghost Mountain, Umslopogaas had no more words with Zinita, but she always watched him, -and he went heavily. Eoi\he awaited Nada, and Nada did not come. But at length Nada came. ' ;"" (To be continued.) 