rnQmsT im boosts.! ; j titerary gossip. | "l;;v WartUaKBiiytimfpr Young Australia, by the; : votoranauthdrcss, Louisa A, Morodith (published 'by Vincent BrookB, Day and Son, London), pre- sonts in moro attractive form tho collcotion of .'simple, rliymos on local subjects wliioh wero — issuetba-iew years ago pniVr-tlMVtitlu : mamuuPiVenc Booh ' Mrs. Meredith writes \- pleasantly arid unpretentiously, and tho book, with its admirable illustrations, will be highly . appreciated by the young, and also by childxon ; of a Inrgor growth. . . 44 Tho prevailing epidomio," or -something . analogous, has fallen upon tho Tory press with ; fatal results of lato in England; No fewer than three "deaths were recorded in' London, in tho InBtwepk. of January — those of . tho Jlnft-. Jacobuv, the. NtV) York Herald (London edition) ' and the St. Stephen's Review, . The New York ' Herald was a.'hopeless enterprise from the first, j just as'woudd bo a Paris edition of Punch at a . Now York Daily Telegraph, About tho Anti- JaGobini the singular thing is that its doccoab is more lamented by 'Liberals ' than by . Torios. . Tliio is becauso Mr. Grconwood, boing an honest i&nti- domocrat;, was chiefly engaged in fighting \- his own side. : ' One by one Blackwood's distinguished band of contributors cmergo from the anonymity which -is Maga'a rule and1, stand revealed in .'another guise. Not the'- least interesting 1 example is that of Miss Anno Mozley, whoso critical . and biographical papers havo been gathered into a ivolumo, under tho titlo of ' Essays from 'Blackwood, Among thorn is at least one other— tlie remarkable article on- Adam Bede,-in whioh tho oritio, guided only by hor womanly. .instincts, . dotcctod the sex of tho novelist,', who at 'that timo choBe only to bo known under the signature of George Eliot. It will bo remembered that Mrs. Lewes refers to this oriticism in a letter of that period as "oa the wholo tho best review wo have scon." Tho literary executors of tho lato Cardinal Manning aro tho Very Rev, Dr. Butler and tho Rev. H. Bayloy, members of tho congregation of the OblatcBof St. Charles. Tho cardinal has left no biography ; but thero aro a great number of letters from men famous in Ohurch and State, arranged in a row of red boxes at Arch bishop's House, many of them dating back to his Anglican years. In addition to the letters of hiB correspondence there aro a number of his own, wbioh wero returned to him from time to time, generally by executors of departed friends. The letters also which ho wrote to Mr. Glndstono during the earlier years of their intimacy Mr. Gladstone, when he was making a general arrangement of his papers some two years ago, returned to tho cardinal, remarking, 44 1 do not forget old days." Those will bo arranged for publication in duo oourse, but pro bably not without some dolay. Out of 30 lieroinea of Scott's, 16 are dlstinotly \- desoribed as under 20. Of the other 14 6 are undated. This- leaves us 8, 3 of whom are set down as over 20 ; 2 start at ono side of the line and are carried over to the other; \- two arc by implication rather than by the inten tion of the -author taken out of their "teens;" ' and : oho, Amy Robsnrt, is a heroine 44of an unccrtnin ago," sinco she is historically a middlo \- ftgod matron, arid fictitiously a youthful bride. Of tho six undated tho'prcsumption Is altogether iri: favor of tho earlier age. A member once entortained tho club with tho statement tlmt '.nearly all Scott's heroines ato motherless. They are girls- who havo grown up in tlio companion ship of unoles or fathers, older mcu, and with an early responsibility of thought and action; Thoy havo had to plan their own wardrobes aud dooido upon their owu conduct towards their lovers. ; Some of them have boon behind tho scenes -oF stirring political events; nearly all . havo beon thrown -into 'situations whero -they ana io tnink tor themselves, to act with deoi- ' Qhd in general to fulfil tho wholo duty of .heroines. The heroines of Scott are, somo of 6 Jbom, only, lay figures, but at least, so far as : tbejr have character, they are women; and they justify thu deeds whioh nre dono to win them. \- Mr, Androw Lang, who is himself a Scotsman, a m&n-of; humor; something of a poet, and oor- tainly a eritio of fine taste and delicate work- unship,- .while. agreeing that for kindliness, for homely generosity, and nobility of sontimcnt, for genuine unaffected humor, and for much of tuo spontaneous mueio of tho truo singer, you ®asy nnitch tho Ayrahiro1 ploughman, : Bttll thiuica it was as well that lio diod 100 years Jgo. 4 Had Burns been living to-day, would \- tuo world tlmt lay around bim havo been so fit to inspire him Vrith song? Tho mirth, the BPorfc» the traditiou are 4 a' wode nwa'.' London Wouldmevitably have sucked him into its dingy flna disastrous Corriovrcckon. Ho would have battered at. the door of the theatre, ho might fav® ®oribblod articlcs for the press and drunk in Fleofe-atroet, and contributed verses to tho S&ajues;," ; On the otbor hand, it is quite pos- ublo that lie might have been a fashionable man ?/ Ifttera, a prosperous literary tradesman. In. tbat case it is probablo that Jtobert would not have written ' Had wo never loved sao kindly, Had wo never loved sao blindly. Burns to whioh ho gives tlio moat 'MwtinotipnaUhough it may, not be tho one of thiiiks the most, is the Twa Dogs, .i . has oonfided to a contributor to tho Albemarle his views on tho subject of English novelists. Tho author of L 'Assommoir con- feafica that he only knows theso writers through the medium of translations ; but that did not prevent, his expressing somo very decided opiriionB. Dickens and Scott ho holds to bo tho most appreciated ' in Franco; but this he i t®® mainly to tho faot that thoy 44 can be ,J®t the bands of nny one." Dickens he considers is " a great poet in many ways. " He pationt wavo of tho hand" dismissed him' coming under the description of "Boarding School Literature. A mention of Thackeray caused M Zola to shrug his shoulders. "Deeper than Dickens; but so difficult to understand—so English" George Eliot, it appears, does not excite in M Zola the slightest admiration. She has been "lauded to the skies » in France by give" th Acadcmic P«ty, but ehe lLu\ c,tho ""prOBsion that cho hae no knowledge of humanity but what she has gained through books. He wae onrions to Tnow oi 2V irv IT really thinks much thit Dbkir ihn/l?S' mt\ proposition li Ibackoray and Georga Eliot teraro not worth tho great creations of Balzac," and,.an exhortation to his visitor to cultivate Pationco, oinco tout vicnt d qui ia.it attendre, M. Zola appears to havo brought tho interview to an ond. HnE?a,rd ln hi8 ,tttcst 8tory has re- turned to his first lovo. In Nada the Lily tho Boone is laid in the days of Cliaka, tho unolo of Cotcwayo and tho founder of tho Zulu nation, who was killed m 182a Chaka was ono of the greatest geniuses and most wicked men who ever lived, as may be seen from the fact that in bis short career he caused tho death of moro man a million Immnn beings. In this taio an attempt is mndo to sot out hiB truo character, and it tells of his rise, his conquests, liia oppres sions and his fall by tho assegai of Mopo, his . doctor of medioine, through whose mouth the S0 19 tolls also of tho youth of \- JP®lop6rtft8, who in after years journeyed with Allan Quartcrmain to the land of tho Zu- bendi j of tho secret of his birth'; of how ho dwelt upon the Ghost Mountain with hiB blood brother, Galazi tho Wolf ; of how these wolf brethren hunted with their pack ; of tho fateful beauty of Nada the Lily, the daughter of Mopo; of the; lovo of UmslopoganB for hor, and tlio Borrows that it brought upon them ; of how ho won >the great axe Groanmakcr, and became ohief of tho people of tho Axo, aud of the -vengeance- thntne wrought upon Dingann tho king. Tho characteristics of 'this romance are -that,; so far; as the author is aware, it is tho first over written dcnling with the Zulu pooplo from tbc point of view of a Zulu who took a leading part in their short ' and wonderful his- tory, and that no white man figures in it, all tho oh&raoters; being ZuIub. . - A'general idea prevails among the publio that to -write -for fche magazines 'is a sure and easy road to competence. As a matter of faot, writes Mr. W. J. Stead, in Chambers 'j JSneyclopedia, tho numborof contributors to periodical litera ture, not holding editorial appointments, who mnko £200 a year out of the magazines might probably bo < countod upon the fingers of one hand. Tho bost paid contributions by tho highest oIobs rovioWB soldom exceed £1 a page of 500 words. The average review artiole does not yield its writer moro than £15. As there aro not 10 men in England who contribute 10 articles each a year to monthly miscellanies, the conclu sion is obvious. Yot tho flood of contributions rises over higher. The lntc editor of The Forum recently calculated that ho received from out- BidorB 3000 MSS. per annum, out of which he was usually able to uso less than 1 per oent. "Wbaur's tho harm," asked tho Ettriok Shep- herd in Nodes, 44 o' a few gudo, sober, steady, judicious, regular, woll informed, versateele, and biddable contributors?" To this inquiry Ohristopher North replied s— 44 Nono such aro to be found on earth-— you must look for them in heaven." From which it would Beom that tho editorial burden has changed little in 50 years. Poetrv, in partioul&r;, is a drug in the markot. In tho same Nodes Ohristopher North Baid 44 1 seldom pay for poetry. In cnBes of oharity and courtesy — that is to say, old women and young oncH-— my terms are Is. for a sonnet, 1 dol. for a dramatic scene, and for a singlo book of nn opio, by way of a speoimen, why, I do not grudge a sovereign." This is probably moro than the epio pbet of our day would get for all bis books from any magazine editor. Many periodicals, liko hospitals, are supported entirely by voluntary contributions. Lord Tennyson contributes to tho February number of tho Nineteenth Century a short poem of 17 lines on the death of the Duke of Clarence, concerning which tlio Standard says thnt it proves that the hand of the greatest master of English elegiac verse has lost nothing of its cunning. Tho strain opens in gloom and ends with the clear tone of hopo. There are lines that read almost as a transcript from tho touch- ing; tributes which the Queen has dedicated to the moraory of her beloved grandson, 44 So princely, : tender, ; " truthful, reverent, pure." Therei could be' no mote perfect picture of a oharaetor worthy, to be loved. It is,' however, not a dirge, but a song of hopo and onsolation thnt Lord Tenriyson has rightly thought it best to frame. !/ The lines are addressed 4,To the MournerB." They are bidden to look beyond the veil. ! "UntU;tho great Hereafter," Mourn in hopo." " ; ' : Tot be comforted j ' For If this earth be ruled by Perfect Lovo; Then, after his brief rango of bhuncless days, . , Ttie toll of funerftbiu im Angel enr / v , Souuds happier than the merriest uiarriago bells. The poem, small ns it-is in scale, is admirable fu nrt-r It is hint liffht' iiniho tb biiv tliDtifc isino .unworthy addition to tfie series which, includes the Dbdioation to'the Idylls of tho King. Nor will .'the parallel betweeu the grandfather and the grandchild, whose . loss ' inspired the two pooms— so far apart in timei so' closely related in sentiment— escape remark. 44 "Wearing the whitofiowjor of a blameless life." Prince Albert wbb snatched from us a generation since— and now, "after his brief range of blameless days," Prinoo Victor has passed away. When tlie his tory of the Qecen's life arid reign is written it will surely be reckoned no small part of its glories thnt the groat joys and sorrows of the Throno were commemorated by ono of tho greatest masters of English song, who felt as a friend feels the vicissitudes that inspired his lyre. Complaints are made that in the modern novel the men and women described are not men and women of everyday life, and that their experiences are often made up of improba bilities. To begin with, most of the heroes are men of wealth and leisure. This kind of young man is certainly too much with us. He spends his timo the seasons through in hunting, shoot- ing, fishing, skating, yachting, playing cricket or lawn tennis, intermingled with which serious pursuits come his philandertngs with tho heroine or tho rivals of tho heroine, according to tho construction of tho story. He fulfils tho ideal of Mr. Du Maurier's æsthete — he "exists beautifully," but certainly not usefully. Not for him are tho busy hours of tho law courts, tho exchange, tho bank, tho merchant's office, tho studio, tho workshop or tho farm. A young man of such practical, prosaic and utilitarian habits would be of comparatively little use to the heroine of fiction, and, by consequence, to tho novelist. The " short and simple annals of tho poor" are too commonplace for to-day's fiction. Adam Bede and Mary Barton are far too homely and practical for a writer or a set of readers who must have their men depicted in scarlet breeches and tops, or in a yachting costume, or in cricketing flannels, or knicker- bockers and spats." It must' be confessed that these young fellows and the girls they dawdle after, if they are often insipid and inane, are for the most part cleanly in thought and deed - but the story of their lives does not touch tho life of the great bulk of mankind, which means active brains, anxious thought, hands busy with brush, pen, hammer, mallet, chisel, axe or plough. "We have too many of tho lazy "curled darlings, " and too few of the busy men who keep the world going. Miss Jean Ingelow, who lives with her brother tw Kensington, haB recently given a IFomcm's Herald intorviewor somo particulars of her career and work. In summer she sits in a beautiful conservatory, from the garden behind ff VI,0W is obtaincd of tho grand old trees in Holland Park. "When the winter comes Miss ingolow rotrcat9 to the diningroom, whero her writing occupies hor some two or three hours in the morning, fpr 44 Bho only writcB wiion tho spirit moves hor." Miss Ingolow, who is a native of Lincolnshire, is tho daughter of a banker. Thero wero II children, and she was not esteemed tho cleverest by any mcanB. 44 My favoritorotreat," said the poetess, 44 was a lofty room in tho old house, where there was a low window which overlooked the river. Tho wjaclWB had tho good old fashioned shuttors which folded back against the walls. I would open theso shutters and write my vorses and songs on thom and fold then baok again. My mother came in ono day and discovered them ; many of them woro transmitted to paper and preserved." It was Mias Ingelow's brother who helped her to publish hor first volume of poems. Ho offered to contribute to have tlio MSS. printed, and my mother went with mo to tho publisher's (Mr. Longman). He was most kind, and took the matter up warmly. In the first year fonr editions of a thousand copies each wero sold, and this first volume has been republished again and yet again, until it has reached its twenty-sixth edition." Miss Ingolow's outspoken frankness on women's rights scorns to have rather staggered the inter viewer, 44I don't approvo of them at all," said Miss Ingelow. 4l\Vo cannot havo rights and privileges, and I prefer privileges, I have got on very well without so- called rights; besides, I think wo havo ns many rights as wo need, and wo oan do pretty well what wo choose. Wo shall lose our privileges when wo demand our rights by force." There are in tho English language, writes an American paper, a number of words which have always been tho despair of would be poets who dosiro to put their fanciful or romantio or pathetic ideas into rhyme. When a poet writos with tbat sublime disregard of rhyme aud meter wbiob characterises "Walt Whitman, he is not troubled with the limitation of making the1 end of ono line resemble in sound the end of another, but rbymo has about it something so attraotive to the ordinary ear, atlcast in English, that it will probably continue to be in use always, Among the Latin poets of the classical age, on tho contrary, a rliymo was deemed a blemish, and we can imagine Horace or Virgil or Mar tial struggling as hard to avoid a rhyme as somo of onr poets havo to do to find ono. Somo of the rbymclcss words in English will occur to any one at onpe. A word, for instance, liko 44 cusp" carries its own condemnation for rhym-, ing uses, for the sound an unusual one, arid it is no wonder that it has not boon duplicated. 44 Culm" is another obviously hopeless word, and 44 gulf" is still another. Thero aro, in all, 19 words which have been declared unrhyraablc, by compotcnt authority, no less a rhymster than Tom Hood, and cho list is aB follows : — Bilge, chimney, coif, erimson, culm, cusp, fague, gulf, have, miorocosm, month, oblige, orange, rhomb, scarce, scarf, silver, widow ana window. - The peouliar thing about somo of these words is that they look as though thoy would rhymo with tho greatest ease. "Month, " for example, seems rhymable, and yet it is perfectly hopeless. A person who lisps can make 44 dunce" rhjrme to 44 month," but that is hardly permissible. 44 Window,' too, looks as though it might bo made to fib into rhyme, but tho only way is to pronounce it 44 winder,"- as Jntnoa Russell Lowoll did xnHcJde's Courtship , where ho made it rhyme to 44 hinder." 44 Silver" is another word which seems to presont possibilities, but it iajuRt as bad au any in the list. "We can say 44fiilfer" if wo are' German enough, and fchuB force it to rhyme to 4t pilfer," but that is not satisfactory by -any 'means. Byron was a very ingenious rhymoster, but he went out of his way very often to devise ''unnecessarily queer rhymes. Thus whon he made 44 henpecked you all" rhyme to 44 intellectual" it was a four de force which has been much oomplimented, but it was unnecessary : < when he had 44 ineffectual" at his service, which is an allowable rhyme, though not quito a perfect one. There aro a goodmariy instario'os of ingenious rhymes, espe cially; in Don' Juan, but even Byron would have to nurrender to tho list of rbymeloSs words which we- have quoted. That any word in & language ahould'be rhymeless iu an anomaly ifthe nations making habitualuscofthelonguago have an oar for rhyme. Tho only way to euro it would be either -to moke new words to fit tho rhymoless ones:, or to striko tlio existing ones from the language; and there aro some that'wo should be loth ;to surrender or exchange for others. ' Wiiat,'to illustrate, could take the place :of "widow, "'or how could wo induco the dwell ers in either of tho California citrus bolts to give uptlio word -"oiange?" Tlie only feasi ble plan, therefore," will bo for some Unguistio oongross to construct 19 now words to inato; those whioh are now mateless. 