HER IIHUSBAND'S SECRET., Besides, the baronet slowly found out something bad gone from the Towers. It dawned on him by degrees that the girl he had wooed for her money was the one love of his life. Rosamond's face haunted him. Those clear hazel eyes visited him even in his dreams. Before they had had been parted a month Sir Reginald knew of his error. Of his own accord, of his own act and deed, he had put happiness out of his life. He went to Allerton, the home which was to have been hers, instead of spending the season in town; he remained in the country discussing matters with his .steward, and trying to devise some plan by ,.hich Allerton might be saved. He paid an attention to business he had never shown berore, he economised, he rose early and went to bed late, and it was all with one aim and end: he wished to save Allerton and bring Rosa mood there after all. She had written him a cruel letter, she had told him her eyes were opened, but still Rex did not despair; those last trembling lines told their own story. However proud she might be he had a powerful advocate in her own heart. No matter what had hap pened since she had loved him, when he went to her and told her that for her sake he had given up luxury and pomp, and was content to live all his days as a plain country gentleman, she would forgive him and they would be happy. He was thirty turned; he had smiled on a great many fair faces before he met Rosamond Keith, but yet she was emphati cally the love of his life. Had nothing happened to interrupt their engagement, had all gone smoothly, he might in time have tired of her, they might have acted as a fashionable couple, he going his way and she hers; but his disappointment from the moment he lost her was keen. There are some men in this world who never enjoy what they have, yet ever pine after the unattainable. Such was Rex. He wearied himself by schemes for making money, his brain ached with the thoubht that each day which passed took Rosamond out of his reach, and brought the time when he must lose Allerton nearer and nearer. The steward was an honest man and de voted to Rex; he had been born and bred in the yillage, and had almost a feudal respect for the lords of Allerton. One day when the 'baronet had well nigh begun to despair, this David Johnson came to him, joy shining on his honest face, his mind full ofa deep purpose. He was sure, quite sure there was' coal on the estate; it had been discovered a few miles off, why not at Allerton ? If Sir Reginald would only take the necessary steps he might be a rich man yet. ' You forget, Johnson, sinking a shaft is no small expense; besides, what on earth makes you think there is coal to be found ?' 'Because, sir that man Jenkins,' so John son always persisted in speaking of Sir Reginald's nearest neighbour, a wealthy par venu, '"time after time he has been at me wanting to buy the five-acre lot, and be has offered a good price, too. Now he's un commonly close-fisted with his money; and he wouldn't go out of his way to be liberal unless he meant to get the better of us some other way.' 'You have not a very good opinion of him.' 'I hate hini, sir ;'I hate the whole boiling of them. I wish he'd been buried in one of his own coffins,' --Mr. Jenkins had made his wealth as :an undertaker-'before he came d6wn here sticking himself under our very nose.' The result of that conversation with his servant' was that Sir Reginald went over to Desmond Towers; it was a long journey but' hIe toolk no luggage; his visit was a business one, and he intended to return, if possible, the same day. :Not you,' Georgie,' he said, when:.his sister had warmly welcomsed him. I want to see your husband.' ' Alick, he is in the study. Is there any thing wrong, Reginald?' 'Nothing.' The reception from th' marquis Was hardly so cordial as his wife's had been. Lord Desmond 'was the besthearted of men, but just now he felt anything but proud of his brotber-in-law. ' Have you seen Georgie ?' he asked; 'Yes, but my visit is to you. Desmond, at last I see a way out of all my embarrass ments.' '1- Have you found another heiress ?' Reginald bore the taunt bravely, he felt he had deserved it. Very simply he put befor2 the marquis the scheme of prosperity; he did not enlarge upon the certainty of success; he only believed he should yet be a rich man. The Marquis of Desmond was impressed by the simple earnest manner; he was by nature very generous. When he had heard Rex to the end he wrote a cheque for a thousand pounds. ' If your hopes ase fulfilled you can easily repay me, if not I can afford as much as that for.a good cause.' . Reginald took 'the "money. and thanked him warinly; then he started another sub ject, awkwardly enough, as men are apt to speak of things nearest to their hearts. 'Have you heard anything of Rosamond, Alick ?' ' ' '.Miss Keith is under the care of her guardian,' Mr. Ashley;' returned the marquis, stiffly. 'I wianted to tell you,' began Rex,' :as nervous'as a girl,' that it was the'thought :of her first made me give.up my whole heart' and soul to find some way. of saving Aller ton; if I succeed my dearest hope is to go to Rosamond and ask her to share my 'pros perity. 'Though she has ' lost her fortunie entirely?' " 'Penniless or not, she is the one wife in the world for' m'e; Alick, I have played a coward's part ; my poor girl has a right to think me :everything that is bad, but in one thlingshe'wis mistaken; it was not only her money, I' cared for her-I never' knew how much untsl'I had lost her.' 'Things may come right, said the marquis, chleerfully,' ''Rbsamond is so young that a year' or two's waiting would not matter. Rex, I am thankful to hear what you say, the thought of'Georgie's brother being a fortune-hunter has been very painful.' ' I shrill never be a fortune-hunter again,' slowly. 'Alick, 'ours was not a long acquaintande, but I know within myself that if I do not marry Rosamond 1 shall never have a wife."'' Lord'Desinond answered nothing, Regi naldi's earnestness impressed hIim,. Oa'APTEBR VI. IN one of the loveliest villages of Blankshire, in a peaceful valley nestling between two hills, stood Fairleigh Court, a rambling, old fashioned mansion built in the Elizabethan style, and bestbowed by the virgin queen on the first Lord Fairleigh for services rendered in repelling the Spanish Armada. In the 'time of the civil wars Fairleigh Court had stobd a siege and bravely held out against the Parliamentary forces for some weerks, Pedple said there were strange utiderground dens and secret passages, and that a condemned prisoner might have been hidden there for years. There was nothing grim or forbiddine about the place; the Fairleighs had always been proud of their home. Within it was fitted with every luxury taste could imagine or wealth procure; without the time-worn walls spoke of good service done, and the picturesque grounds, the splendidly.wooded park, were the admiration of all the country round. Fairleigh Court, the old home of the Vanes, had been handed down for centuries from father to son in unbroken line; there was an old superstition in the family that when thie direct succession was broken, he with whom it ended would have but a short and troubled life. You know whether this has been realised, for you saw Hugh, Earl of Fairleigh, on his death-bed. I want you now to welcome another Hugh, Earl of Fairleigh, on his return home. He was only the cousin of the last earl, but as a boy he had been brought up at the Court, and as a boy the tenants, the villagers, and every servant about the place had loved him better than the young heir, Viscount Vane. The viscount had never once visited Fairleigh since his father's death, but as soon as his cousin became earl he went down to the Court. Unattended, with only a small portmanteau, he made his appearance one evening so unexpectedly that the old house keeper started. 'Welcdme, my lord,' she said, with eager joy; 'it is good to see you home again. But foreign parts must be very tiring places. Why your lordship looks as if you had been ill for weeks.' Lord Fairleigh sat down bn the first chair he came to. They were in the blue parlour, the first sitting-room on the ground floor. Mrs. Ward looked at him attentively. It was five years since she had seen hi., and certainly it was a gap from twenty- three to twenty-eight, but not sufficient to cause the change she saw. 'You forget,' said the new earl, gently, ' I was with my cousin all through his illness. I have seen a good deal of trouble since we 'parted, Martha; it is not surprising if 1 am altered.' 'And you have come to stay now?' asked the good woman, eagerly. 'It'll be a good day for us all, my lord. Everyone took it very" bardly that the late earl never came down-never once.' 'Poor fellow,' spoke Hugh, involuntarily, 'it was not his fault. Mrs. Ward, I don't care for dinner. Let me have some tea. Bring it yourself, please, I want to speak to you.' The housekeeper disappeared to order in a ,sumptuous meal, but she might have spared herself the trouble. Her master drank two cups of tea; he touched nothing else, and waved the eatables away with an impatient: hand.. The housekeeper took a chair at a respectful distance, and waited for her orders. Lord Fairleigh had bid her to be seated, otherwise he did not speak. At last she ventured to say: 'There are few servants in the house now, my lord, but I can soon fill up.' 'The fewer the better,' said the earl, sharply. 'Is that door shut?' He rose himself tonsee, shut it fast, :and turned the key. The solemnity of the inter view awed Mrs. Ward. She began twisting her silk apron -nervously. If only Lord Fairleigh had been anyone in her- own station, how she would have urged him to begin. • 'You have been in our family a long time.' 'Forty-one years next Martinmas, my lord,' stiffly; 'and only away three months for poor Ward; He-died before my wedding bonnet was shabby., An ominous silence. .' I hope you are not thinking of changes, my lord. It would break my heart well nigh to leave.' 'I shall never wish you to leave. I am thinlking that as you have lived with us so long I can safely entrust you with a secret.' Mrs Ward's hair stood on end. 'I'11 be true to you, my lord. I have lived with you and yours the best part of my life, and:I'd cut off my right hand to serve you.'?. SHugh drew his breath. He looked round nervously. He seemed almost to fear the walls, had ears. ' What would you say, Martha, if I told you there was a Lady Fairleigh ?' The housekeeper started. In her opinion the Fairleigbs' marriages should be like those of- royal princes. If the earl had married privately he had grievously for gotten the respect due to his'station. ' You must know.it soon,' he said, shortly, 'for she will be here to-morrow,' ',To-morrow, my lord ! There's nothing ready. The whole house ought to be turned topsy-turvy before it is fit for a countess.' ' Hush i' gravely;' the lady who is com ing here to-morrow is indeed -Countess of Fairleigh, but she needs no grandeur. She is mad, Mlartha- hopelessly mad, and barely twenty-two.' - - He.leant his head on his hand, and the woman could see the troubled look of bis dark eyes. Her kind heart was full of sorrow.-, ' Oh, Master Hugh !' using the title of long agbio ' it is a sad business.' ' It is-you are right there-a sad busi ness.' .., -!And a poor mad thing to be Lady Fair leigh.. Oh:it's a sad day for.me to hear it.' ' I have told you,' said the earl, ' because Ineed-yotir help. She is Lady Fairleigh; I cannot send .her among strangersi but I cannot bear that our misfortune should be noised abroad. , I want you to help me keep the secret.' 'The servants?'- - - - ' I- have :thought of -that. There - are those rooms which you' enter from' the secret corridor. They have a private entrance to the garden. If-she could once be brought there all would be safe enough.' .' Bit who would take care of the poor lady ? - ' Your sister Susan. She has been with her from the-first.' .'Ah, I wondered what the earl wanted with -Susan.' - 'They can. have .that suite of rooms entirely.. ' As .I told you, there is a door communicating: with the .garden, and it opens on to thelaurel walk. -Not a creature goes near that-spot once in a twelvemonth. I have thought it over, Martha till I am nearly demented. It seems -the only plan.' S' It will be very dull,' suggested the house keeper; 'She might as well be in prison, poor creature.' , ' So that she has fine dresses and flowers she cares little. She is easily amused.' ' And Susan ?' 'Susan has devoted herself to her. She manages her as no one else can.' 'I don't like it, my lord,' confessed the hlousekeeper. 'If tiis poor creature ever breaks loose, what are we to say ? Won't people blame you for keeping her shut up ?' 'That is my concern,' haughtily. 'For the rest have you forgotten the Fairleigh ghost? All the old villagers believe in it firmly. They might be piersuaded if worst came to worst, that Lady Fairleigh was a supernatural visitor.' Mrs. Ward yielded. Obedience to the Earl of Fairleigh was part of her creed. 'When will she come, sir-my lord, I mean ?' 'To-morrow evening. Send the servants to bed early. We will cornmeby the garden entrance, and in half an hour the countess will be in her own home without a breath of suspicion being raised.' 'Has she been mad long, my lord ?' 'Nearly four years, Martha. It came on within a month of the marriage.' 'Dear, dear, no wonder you look worn out and ill, my lord. You've had your sorrows.' 'Ay, and bitter ones, Martha,' taking her hand in his thin delicate ones. 'Be true to me. I have so much anxiety that I could almost wish death had taken me instead of poor Hugh.' 'I'm glad death didn't,' said the old woman to herself, a little later, when she was back in her snug parlour. ' There's some thing about him makes one proud to serve him. He's my lord and an earl, and yet he's as friendly and good-tempered as when he was a little boy, and just nothing but a poor relation. I'd go through fire and water for him, that I would. But this is sad news. He's a young man yet, and tied to a lunatic. Dear heart, I wouldn't be him for all his money. The news that the earl had arrived spread rapidly. One or two of his nearest neigh bours came over to call on them. Hugh wished they had been less attentive. There were many things he wished to arrange, and his visitors were most unwelcome. SThey on their part thought they were doing a good action by cheering him up. It was ridiculous to see how down he seemed. Here was a man, through the death of a distant relation, whom he couldn't card much about, suddenly transformed into a wealthy noble, and he was no more elated than if he had .been a bank clerk on a hundred a year, and working hard to get that. ' I hope you've come to stop,' said Squire Thornton, a handsome foxhunting gentle man of thirty-five. 'We can't afford to have the Court shut up.' 'I shall come down now and then. I couldn't live at the Court. Why, Thornton, I should die of loneliness.' 'Then make haste and bring home a wife. There are one or two very pretty things out this season,' returned the squire, who generally spoke of women as if they had been horses. Give us a Lady Fairleigh, IHugh, and then perhaps we shall keep you among us.' Hugh shuddered. ' I shall never marry,, be said, so seriously that the squire looked frightened. 'My dear fellow, you haven't been disap pointed, have you? I beg you a thousand pardons if my remark came malapropos. Never mind, any girl would be proud to be a Countess of Fairleigh.' The young man laughed. 'Your opinion of ladies has not altered. £hornton,' 'Not a bit. I regard the whole race as pretty pussy cats. Their paws are like velvet, and their coats as soft as silk; they purr delightfully. Thie conversation was not to the earl's taste, as the reader may guess, and he ended it as speedily as he could. The household at the Court wondered very much why Mrs. Ward insisted upon their dispersal for bed the evening following the young earl's return. But the housekeeper was a martinet in her own realm, and her orders were implicitly obeyed. Before the clock struck ten all the ser vants were in their bedrooms, and the door which led off the left wing for the main body of the Court was locked according to custom. Then Mrs. Ward went out into the grounds and turned her steps to the laurel walk. Very soon she saw the earl walking quickly towards her, a slight figure muffled in heavy cloaks on his arm. A woman followed with sundry parcels. The housekeeper led the way to the suite of rooms which had been used in old times for hiding some cavalier. They were very pretty, and the secret was so perfectly contrived that from the outside of the Court no one could have suspected their existence, whilst the entrance was only known to thie housekeeper and Lord Fair leigh. : Mrs. Ward greeted her sister warmly, and then turned to help her unfasten the stranger's heavy wraps. She stood still, speechless with admiration as she first saw the perfect face of the poor countess. Bianca was looking her best. The night journey had amused and soothed her. She was quite quiet and tractable, only she clung to the earl and begged him not to leave her. 'Poor thing,' said Mrs. Ward, when the earl had gone, and the countess being in bed, she and her sister could sit down for a chat, 'it makes one's heart ache.' 'Didn't you wonder what.,I was doing abroad.' 'That I did, I suppose the earl was very fond of her.' 'People say so-?.efore the marriage. She just worships him, poor creature.' 'And to think of him bouni:, band and foot at his age--him that's barely twenty. eight.' ; ' Susan Green looked puzzled. 'Whatever are you thinking about ? she asked. . Why the earl, to be sure.' Susan bent down and poured a long whisper into the housekeeper's ear. Mrs. Ward's face cleared:as she listened. 'Well, I am glad,' she said at last. 'I always likled him--always, when he was a mischievous little boy without a chance of being Lord Fairleigh.' : Meanwhile, in his own room, Hugh, Earl of Fairleigh was pacing up and down uneasily. He had forgotten the beautiful creature'he had brought to the Court; he was thinking bitterly of Squire Thornton's words. . 'A wile !:t Ifhe only knew. A wife l--me, with my dreadful secret I It is notthe least bitter drop inimy cup that for all time I must live alone;': CHAPTER VII. -' Rosaslon KErrITH struggled hard to forget the lover who had been so unworthy of her, but the struggle was in vain. Everything in Bedford Square reminded her of her trouble -from the study, where she had learned the truth respecting her fortune, to the kindly pitying faces of her host and hostess., She never went for a drive in tile park without fearing to meet her lover, Far better had she been penniless and had to work for her bread; but her guardian would not allow her to give all the money up. Rosamond's wants were very simple; but for her deep heart-ache she could have been happy enough on very small means. I-How it would have ended we cannot guess, but early in the autumn Mrs. Ashley died. After a few days illness the wife and mother was taken. Bosamond mourned her truly, but the blow roused her to action. The house in Bedford Square could no longer be her home. She must seek another refuge. It was the best thing that could have happened to her. The Ashleys had always treated her with a sort of pitying kindness. What Rosamond needed was to go amongst people who, kInowing nothing of the past, would thinkt her a very lucky, girl to be her own mistress at nineteen, and have a pretty face and small fortune, She advertised in the ' Daily Telegraph,' and for three days after the postman bore her a particular grudge, so many letters came pouring in. One would have thought dozens of ladies existed only to offer charming bomes to lonely damsels. Some lived in London, others in the country: some were old, some had husbands, others were widows. There was a great variety of styles in their letters, but nearly all wound up by urgent promises to make 'R. K.' very happy. ' R. K.' shook her head a little disconso lately as she read them. She very much doubted anyone's powers to make her happy; but the answers amused her. She could not help laughing at the widow who offered to take her for ten shillings a week including puddings, and the maiden lady who des cribed her house as 'surrounded by finely matured trees and carriage people,' but .she was rather bewildered at the number of letters she received. ' It only hall they say about themselves is true,' she observed, disconsolately to Harold Ashley, 'they must be the most delightful people.' 'I never believe in people who praise themselves.' ' But what am I to do?' The young man looked down at her eagerly. - He knew quite well the course he wished her to adopt, but he feared it would be useless to urge it. 'You don't care a fig what becomes of me,' she cried indignantly, 'so long as you and Mr. Ashley get rid of me.' 'Rosamond, is that just ?' 'No,' penitently; 'but, oh, Harold, it is so hard, I must go somewhere, and I can't think where.' 'You have four and forty suggestions,' pointing to the letters. 'And that makes it the more difficult; what am I to do ?' ' Shall I tell you ?' ' Yes,' innocently. 'In these months of constant intercourse she had grown to look on him almost as a brother, besides she knew he knew her secret; he could not wish to marry the girl Sir Reginald had jilted. Rosamond,' said Harold, eagerly, 'do not leave us-stay here, the house will be doubly desolate, we shall miss her,' looking at his mother's portrait, 'more bitterly still when you are gone.' 'I wish I could,' exclaimed Miss Keith, simply. 'I'd rather live with you and Mr. Ashley than anywhere else, only you see I cannot--' She broke off abruptly. 'You could stay in one way,' he said, gravely. 'Be my wife, Robsamond, then no one will have a right to send you away.' You remember how Rosamond Keith heard her first offer, sitting in the April sun shine, each word Rex spoke awaking an echo in her heart; she received her second in the drawing-room at Bedford Square, and Harold Ashley's voice was powerless to move her blushes. She heard him with a keen pain; she knew be was thie soul of honour -that, young as he was, he was one worthy to be trusted with a woman's happiness. She knew, too, by the sound of his voice and the yearning look on his face how be loved her. ' Will you, Rosamood, will you ?' 'I cannot,' answered the girl, sadly. 'Harold, I am very weak and erring, but I could not be quite so wicked as that.' 'Wicked! What do you mean, Rosa mond ?' ' It would be wicked to take your heart's best affections and give you nothing but the cold grey ashes of mine.' 'And is that man to blight your life?' cried Harold, excitedly. 'Because he was a villain are you to spend your years' in vain regrets ?' 'No,' answered Rosamond, surprised at the positiveness of her own denial. 'No; Sir Reginald Dane is nothing to me now; I could meet him, I believe, without a pang.' 'Then why not-' began Harold, but she interrupted him quickly. ' I do not love him now, but I know that when he asked me to marry him I did; his very voice could make me happy, and until I feel that perfect happiness again I shall never marry.' ' I love you so, Rosamond, I would make you so happy if affection could.' 'And 1 love you,' said the girl, tearfully. SI would trust you with my very life, only, Harold, my love is not like yours, and some day you would know that and be dissatis fled.' 'I am willing to risk it.' 'But I am not, I want you for a friend, Harold; you are so brave and strong and I am only a girl. Promise me that what ever haspens you will' be my friend, and let me come to you in all my troubles.' It was not the role he wanted, but Harold loved her too unselfishly to refuse; taking her hand in his he gave the pro mise, and to his life's end he kept it. There was a pause-the man was trying to:hide his disappointment that she might not see how keen a blow she had dealt him. Rosamond was loolking hopelessly at the letters, this afternoon's episode had made it all the more necessary for her to leave Bedford Square. *Won't any ol them do ?' asked Harold, touched by her bewildered face. This going back to every-day subjects was an intense relief to Rosamond. HeI buried his sorrow as some men will, however much it costs them for a woman's sake. 'They would all do,' answered Rosa mond, 'if. they are like what. they say.' Harold smiled; 'But you only want one home, not forty-four. Where do you wish to live ?' 'I don't mind.' ' And what sort of society do you prefer, old maids, iarried"ladies; or 'widows?' ' I.hate; old maids.' ''. . :He waded patiently through the :heap, and pushed aside all that seemed unsuitable, the lady with the finely-matuied trees among'them. ' I.like this best,' said Rosamond at last, pointing to a small sheet of white paper. It was shorter than any of the others, merely mentioning that 'R, K.' might meet with her requirements at Aston Rectory. \- Would you like to go down and see them, it is only thirty miles from town ?' Rosamond's thoughts flew back to the last solitary journey. I hate travelling alone.' 'I will go with you; my father ought to make the arrangements, as your guardian, but perhaps I should do for the first inter view. They went down to Aston the next day, and found it a pretty rural village with few houses and little to attract a stranger. ' You would be buried alive,' said Harold. 'Oh, I think I should like it, it looks so quiet and peaceful.' They were not kept long waiting. A pleasant-looking lady soon came to them in the drawing-room, Rosamond's heart went out to her at once, and Harold Ashley, who had his father's gift for reading faces, acknowledged to himself that Mrs. Granville seemed just the person to make anyone feel at honme,. He found himself obliged to do most of the conversation, for Miss Keith felt strangely shy; he told the rcctor's wife that Rosamond was his father's ward, and her home had been with them until his mother's death, his father would have come in his stead but he was much engaged in professional business. Mrs. Granville not unnaturally accepted the statement to'mean that the young couple were engaged to be married; true, their manner to each other was very frank and placid, but if they had been brought up together that was natural. On her own part she told Mr. Ashley that they desired a boarder as the living of Aston was a very small one, and her husband had no private means. Nothing could have been more satisfactory than the interview and Rosamond returned to town in high spirits. ' I don't like it,' said her guardian, when she went into his study to tell him of her place. 'You are young, my dear, and youth is the time of enjoyment. Whom will you see at Aston ?' 'No one-that is just what I want.' 'Nonsense, you ought to go into society, my dear child, Because Sir Reginald was a scoundrel is no reason jou should waste you beauty and sweetness in a country village. You have grown very dear to me, child, and I should likle to see yousome man's happy wife.' Just Harold's sentiments, only he made it a more personal matter and wanted to marry her himself. 'I shall like being at Aston,' persisted Rosa mond. ' Mr. Ashley, it is the first thing I have really cared for for months, and if I'm mistaken, if it really is too dull, I can come away. 'You will have no society,' grumbled the lawyer. 'How on earth are you to be married if you see no one ?' Rosamond laughed--she really could not help it. 'I am only nineteen; surely, Mr. Ashley, you need not despair yet.' His face grew very grave. ' Rosamond, I look on you almost as my own child, my wife loved you dearly. If in time to come you meet Sir Reginald Dane while you are free and unfettered, the past may be acted over again, he is till un married; people say his prospects are im proving, but be is utterly unworthy of you; he wished to save his home: at the expense of your dead father's name-a man who prefers riches to honour is no fit husband-for yOU.' ! Rosamond's cheek flushed hotly. S-Have no fear, Mr. . Ashley, I would not marry Sir Reginald DI)ane if he were a duke,' Mr, Ashley shook his head., ' Are you quite sure. Rosamood.' 'I am positive. He deceived me once, and when my trust- went my love went too. I may remrain Rosamond Keith all my days, but I shall never marry Sir Reginald.' ' And if he comes to me ?' 'You can tell him what Ihave told you; he will not come.' ' I think-he will.. ' . .. 'Remember . one thing-I have no wish: to see him; my one prayer is to forget him.' And three days after she had .left Bed ford Square and was speeding through -the fair Kentish country-.to her new home. 'CHAPTER VIII, ' WANTED a home for a little boy. Liberal terms are offered to a lady of refinement who will ensure the child real care and .attention. -Address, A. Z., Post Office, Ludgate Hill"------------------. Such wais the advertisement which ap peared:' in the - Tites- and other leading journals in the pleasant summertime, while Sir Reginald Dane wais busy 'saking pdlans'to save his home, and his sometime betrothed was striving to forget him. - There.was something very uniusual in A. Z's appeal. Refinement was 'mentioned instead' of tihe stereotyped 'maternal care,' and the phrase .liberal terms was so un common, unless in connection -with agency offices and general ser?aints,:that very many ladies who: possessed - the desired qualifica tions?, w'ote glowipg offers of their services to A. Z .' li~a q"iie piaif of Ba-swater, in a narrow streetmeinently'respecdtable, there lived two sisters who built all their.hopes on the adverihseien?t coiumbs of the Times, and daily spent a pennf they could ill afford for a briefjview of the time honoured pages. We call Spartan-street, in Bayswater because its own inhabitants always stated the fact, but more correctly speaking it lay in the district known as Notting Hill. There was nothing very striking about:it. Every house was the fiicsimile of its next' door neighbour, and many 'of them boasted two'sets of lodgers, 'letting. apartments being the great professionof the'locality. The house where thesd two sisters lived was, however, an exceptioii.6 The two rooms on the ground floor were both furnished as parlours. The carpets were tapestry; the fuirniture not horsehair. There were choice engravings on the walls instead gaudy family pictures. In a word number four was not lodging-house. It had been fitted up by a curate for his bride, a man who had been rash enough to marry on a hundred and fifty pounds a year, arid bb stinate enough not to repent it. He worked early and late; he preached; he visited the poor; he read prayers; hbe drilled Greekle and Latin into unruly boys in any spare time he had, and in all Spartan street you could not have found a pleasanter home, if it could have lasted, but it could not. Nature has made curates of the same stuff as other men. They can nomore overwork themselves with impunitythan other people. Snow, hail, wind and rain taltke effect in time, so while officiating at a funeral'a bitter cold day in March, the'Rev. William Clive took a cold. It was nothing--nothing at all. Things went on as usual, then a cough came. His rector complained his voice was husky when he intoned. His wife tookl alarm, a'doctor was sent for in hot haste, and then when spring was ripening into summer, there was great mourning in the little home in Spartan-street, for there was one more saint in Heaven, and one more grave in the Highgate cemetery. Mrs. Clive and Marion Yorke were left behind, and as if to verify the saying that troubles never come alone, Marion's pupils left the neighbourhood, and she was thrown out of employment. There was no provision for the widow, but there were debts. She had the house on her hands till September, and her one wish was that she and Marion might get some daily employ ment and live together in the home she had come to first as a bride five years before. It was Marion who read A. Z's. advertisement, and pointed it out to her sister. The widow smiled sadly. At twentysix she knew more of the world than Marion at twenty. 'My dear, there will be at least a hundred answers to that, and can you think anyone willing to pay liberal terms would send' their child to live in Spartan-street ?' 'I think you might answer it, Maud. It's only riskling a penny stamp, and as you are all they want the house wouldn't matter. You would like a child here.' Mrs. Clive sighed. Babies had come to her in that little house, but had never hlived long enough to call her mother. Perhaps the sigh was lor them. Under Marion's persuasion she took up her pen, 'Read me what you have said, Maud. This is mray discovery. I shall be so proud if anything comes of it.' Mrs, Clive handed her the letter. It was very short and simple : " If.A, Z, will call on Mrs. Clive at four;, Spartan-street, W., he may meet with the requirements named in the advertisement." 'Oh, Maidd.' 'What's the matter?' :': '-: "It's too short. You don't say bhalf enough. You should have puit yoilwere a clergyman's widow, and had lost children of your own.' SI can't trade on my mistlortunes, my dear.' ' And why did you put' he?'' 'I am sure A. Z.. is a man. No woman ever wrote that advertisement.' * ' And you never inamed the terms.' S' Because I have no idea what they ought to be.' 'You see if I receive a child here I can not go out as a goverhess. 'No, bitt-' SAnd we shall have another to keep.' Marion opened her eyes. 'Yes'.she said thoughtfully, ' it is nriot too late to refuse after all. What they offer may not pay you.' Once the letter was fairly in the post neither of the sisters thought much more about it, and when in the afternoon about four o'clock there came a sounding knock at the door neither connected the visit with A.Z'sl. advertisement. 'A gentleman, ma'am. He said you would not know his name,' was the little maid's announcement. And Mrs. Clive, leaving Marion alone over the Saturday's mending, went into the front parlour to receive her visitor. He rose on her entrance, a strikingly hand some man, a little past thirty Mrs. Olive guessed him to be-she had been governess in a nobleman's family before her marriage and so had seen'good society, but she had never met a more aristocratic man. He bowed to her,- resumed his seat, and said courteously : ' I think you were so good as to reply to an advertisement in Wednesday's ' Times ?'' 'Yes,' replied Mrs. Clive, somewhat sur prised, 'for the care of a little boy.' 'Exactly; I did not answer your letter be cause I hoped to call to-day. It is my only child, madam, and his mother is dead.' Mrs. Clive noticed then there was a deep hand on his hat, his face wore the marks of long anxiety, she was much taken by his manner. 'My husband died last month,' she said, simply, 'and I had been thinking of going out as a governess but when I saw. your adver tisement Ihoped there might be other em ployment for me,. I was a governness before my marriage; I lived in Lord Airlie's family, my husband was tutor there; we were married from Airlie Castle.' ' Was-your husband William Clive?' with sudden interest,-' he and I were firm friends at College.' ,Maud replied in the affirmative. She added that her sister lived with her, andthat they should remain in Spartan-street until September; they might have to move then. A few more particulars she gave in a simple manner. * My name is Glare,' he volunteered in his turn, 'I have a large fortune-in fact, I am what people call a rich man ; but it is abso lutely impossible for me to bring up my child at home. I have no lady at the head of my house, and the boy is delicate-he takes after his mother, who died of con sumption. What I want to secure is not so much care as affectionand a bonie. I lead a roving life. I am debarred from reasons impossible to explain from having my son with me. Are you willing to receive him, Mrs. Clive, and bring him up exactly as you own ? He was three years old last birthday.' Another woman might have spoken of terms-Maud Clive did not. Her visitor's face inspired her with trust. She answered confidently : 'I am. I am willing to do all in my power for your little boy, and to receive him as my own child.' 'I tharnk you,' said Mr. Clare simply. ' I knew enough of William Clive to trust his wife, so it is not as though we were .strangers. I wish my boy to be brought up as a gentle man, and later on to receive a good educa tion. When he is old enough to go to school we will consult together about it, but till he is ten years old I leave him entirely in your hands. I will coine to see him now and tlien--I should not like him to forget me.' The stranger paused abruptly, and when he spoke again it was in a different tone : 1 Atid now, Mrs. Clive, I ask you to tell me frankly what sum will enable you to do justice to my son. Of course, I know there aresomethings no money can repay, but for the rest I should like you to name the amount. ' Should you be satisfied for him to remain in this neighbourhood ?' SPerfectly. I should like him to go to the seaside every surismer, and to see a doctor if the least thing ails him. He comes of a delicate race unlortunately:' Mrs. Clive thought a little in silence. ' Should you consider a hundred aind fifty a year too much ? I am afraid I could hardly undertake the visit to the seaside for less.' Mr. Clare smiled. ' I don't think you understand boys, Mrs. Clive; they are supposed to have extra ordinary' appetites, and to" wear out any amounit of clothes, and I am rather criiical in the matter of dress. If you will, accept thie responsibility for threb hundred a yeari I shall be quite content.' ' 'Would you like to write to Lady Airlie ?' flushing a little.. ' I think the advertisement spoke of references.' 'But I require none from 'your 'husband's widow. I never adveriised before in my life, and 'I had more than two hundred answers. I am very, glad ' may consider the affair qui!e srittled.' · What an age you have been,' cried Marion, wheri her sister had got back to her, ''Who was it ?': 'A.Z.' 'What,.my A.Z? And how long he stayed. "Maud, it looks quite hopeflsl.' : 'It is more than hopeful, dear; the little boy is coming on Monday. ' What short notice-and hiow much ?' 'Three hundred a year.'. ' , ' HIe must be very rich.' ' H-eaven has been verygood to us.' ' Three lhuntdred a'year-well, when I get a situation-don't shake'your head, Maud, I won't be a burden on you-we shall be quite rich. Who came, the father?' 'Yes;' it is his only child, three years old and :tniotherless. Oh, Marioni, there are worse troubles than poverty. I never saw a man look. so harassed and worn" asu Mr. Clare.' ' 'Clare? that's a good name; is he a gentleman, Maud, or only very rich ?' 'He knows thie Airlies, nod was at college with William; he said he was rich. I wish you had seen him, Marion.' 'I wonder he could give up his only child.' ' His home is very unsettled; i think he talked of travelling. I am sure Ihe looks as if he wants a change, besides the little boy is very delicate.' ' What is his name ?' ' I quite forgot to ask.' ' Maud, .do you think the money is safe? t sounds too good to be true.' ' Mr. Clare looks truth itself, Marion, bh sidesh.e was a friend of William.' " Did William ever speak of him to you?' 'Never,' with a puzzled look, 'his (wi :hief friends were the Vanes: Viscount Vane, Lord Fairleigh's heir, and his cousin and namesake who was intended for the law, I am sure he never spoke to me of a Mr Glare, but then,' with innocent pride. 'I laresay more people knew William than he could really keep up a recollection of years after.' But the question as to the money seemed more fully.answered on the Monday, for Maud reieived a letter from Mr. Clare en. closing bank-notes for three hundred pounds, and saying his little boy would be with Mrs. Glive early, in the afternoon. A servant:in ivery brought the letter and informed the small maid there was no answer. Maud was a little surprised, she wonidered Mr. Clare lid not give her an' address ?at which to write to him; turning the note over she dis. covered a postscript. . 'Any communication' addressed to the' care of Messrs. Kennedy, .Lombard Streets will find me. I should like to hear from you once a quarter.' .- -. : The handwriting was clear and large, the signature alone was indistinct, a large blot had fallen upon the C as though the writer had at first intended to make anothet letter, and the other initial might have been R or H, it was too indistinct to tell which, but the sisters did not trouble about it, they were too busy preparing for the little boy's arrival. Punctually at three o'clock a hired fly drew up and a respectably-dressed woman alighted leading a little boy by the hand, They were.shown straight into the parlour to Mrs. Clive, whilst Marion directed the servant where to put the luggage. Maude fancied the woman looked like a 'Master told me to say, m.'ani, he thought he had sent everythiog the young gentleima could require,' and then with a kiss to the boy and a bow toth. astonisbed MaudI she went back to the fly and drove off. Maud Clive looked with interes rt ithe child so suddenly thrown on her mercy; he was a beautiful boy with dark curly hair aud large lustrous eyes, but even without his father's warning the widow would have known he came of a delicate stock. He wore a black cloth frock prettily braided, black stockings, and crape rosettes on hist tiny shoes; there was nothing shy or timid about him. Coming softly up to MIrs. Clive he put out his hand. ' i'm B3ertie, please-papa's Bertie.' Maud kissed the little fellow impulsively, and then took his hand to lead himn upstairs to take off his things. On the way they met Marion. ' Who is that ?' demanded Master Bertie. That is my sister, Marion, she. is very fond of little boys.' The child looked from one to the other enquiringly, then took Mrs. Clive's hand again. 'I like you best,' he said, confidentially; ' she is like mamma,' which remark set the widow and her sister wondering. ..: CHAIAPTER I. A pleasant parsonage in the prettiest part of IKent, perlect country,. and yet no lengthy journey from the great .metropolis,. 'Jfie roses bloomed and their perfume was wafied in on the summer breeze through. the open casement into the homelike sitting-ruoo where the rector of Aston usually wrote his sermons. Just now he was not there, the beauty st the summer evening had lured him into tbe garden where those roses bloomed, and he sat on the lawn one of a party of three, who were holding an eager consultation-a party of three, in which the gentler sex had the larger share. Mr. Granville's companions were his wife and a young lady who lived with them, and the rector had just announced to them that a friend of his whbm neither lof them had ever seen was coming to Astot oin a visit. Mrs. Granville, a pretty, delicate woman, seemed troubled by the news; per haps in that small household guests caused much trouble and preparation. ' Will he stay long ?' nervously. 'I asked him for a month, Mary;. you are sure to like Hugh, he's a capital fellow.' 'A whole month,' in a tone of remon· strance, very rare 'o the rector's lady, who generally thought all her husband did per fectio.n; 'What on earth shall we do with him? Oh, William, I would not have minded if it had been anyone else but Lord Fairleigh.' The dismay on her .kindly face was so genuine that the youngest of the trio came to hier assistance. ' I daresay he won't be more difficult to entertain than anyone else, Mrs. Granville You know people always enjoy themselves, here. Besides if he's very miserable, he need not stay out the month,. He could hase have important business or some exctise to call him away.' - 'You will help me, won't you Rosamondi Rosamond smiled.----.......... '.. . ' .I'll do anything you .like,:but as I dinf(esi to i little dread of anreal-li e lord, I think I should be more useful-sf I helpedin ithe nursery and set you -free.' Almost -two years bad passed since Re saw our heroine, tridhthey had left their mark upon her face.. Not that she was less fair to see, iri reality shewas more so. It was the character of her fascination, not the 'fascination itself that viwasi.'changed. She had been an 'uiconscious child when she first came to'Desmond Towers. She had been a loving girl when Reginald wooed her heart inthe spring sunshine, Later on, when she was an heiress no longer, and her lover had been triedand found wanting, she had been likely to sink into a disappointed aimless woman. Now she was none of these, T'ime had laid his finger gently on the wound and deadened the suffering. Rosae mooid had not forgotten the past, but it had lost its bitterness; Life had interest for her still, For nearly two years she had lived at Aston Rectory. .Nominally a boarder, in re?ility a dear friend to Mr. and Mrs. Grans ville;. They thought her a sweet attentive girl,' and'wondered she cared for so quiet a life. The old fancy that she was engaged to Harold Ashley had died out. -They knew now that whatever he might feel, as yet there was no tie between them. Mrs. Granville always believed le was Rosi. mdnid's fate; He and his father were both favourite guests at the rectory, but they never told how but for a keen sense of honour she might have been one of the richest heiresses in England, and Lady Dane of Allerton, a leader in the wrorld o fashion. TO tE CONTINtUED. OGeneral Booth, speaking st JEteotr-lhull, justtltd his trwvelling nxsouso., ii the o.lIoui-, ansd ssitted that hu had rstutdid nouoeLny. Ptntitet a?n p1ubltrh?ld by 'h.a': n n Dufloli, lt proprl5itotr, e.t hlu e.Oileing 5'enSly Por l'riCling O J5te, 4uhuro-vtroeatsoustur. 