O for the touch of a vanished hand. And the sound of a voice that is still 1 Tennyson's was a beautiful life. Tennyson's was a beautiful death. Afteb a hard fight, the Ipswich advocates have given up all hope of getting that cotton bonus. ITorehbad seeined vary much pleased when the motion was knocked on the head. Noll O'Donxell, the heir to an Irish baronetcy and a fortune of £50,000 a year, was before the Armidale police court on September 30\. He is said to be suffering from an unsound mind. A derate took place in tho Hacquarie street Parliament last Tuesday week upon Sir. Hoec's motion declaring that the payment of £300.000 during the last 10 years out of the con solidated revenue to pensioners and gratnitauts had been an unjust tax on the masses, and that there should be no farther increase in the list of pensioners. The sum is large, but it does not appear that beneficiaries have complained. Thebb is a dispute over sharing profits in minting money. Eboh the date of the opening of the Sydney Mint till the end of 1891, tho revenue received therefrom was £547,311, while the total ex penditure, including preliminary expenses, &c.;, was £545,901. The army bill introduced into the German Reichstag secures for the army 90,000 ad ditional men annually, besides 53 extra batteries of artillery. The cavalry is oko to be increased. Db. Points has cot been consulted by Emperor William on this subject, but he is able to s3y that all this is in the interests of peace. .Be sure of that. "TnE new cable tariff between Australia and Great Britain has been assented to by Germany, and Russia's assent is expected daily." The hand of friendship. Yon never know what it is until you have shaken hands with au athlete. An inquiry for 20,000 pineapple plants has been received inMackay from Honolulu. A piek in the Hawaiian Islands is going to enter into the trade on a large scale, the. mar ket being the United States. Tub lectures of the Rev. E. H. Thompson, Tasmaniun Government entomologist, have been productive of considerable good through out tho districts he has visited. O&CHiBDtfXS; have had valuable Information relative to insect pests and the means of coping with them put before them. Irswicu Saturday and Sunday Hospital col lections totalled £281 lis. 8d. Fbox cholera the people ot Buda-Festh die j at the rate of 10 per day. Szvkxui, horses used in that raoc from Berlin I to Vienna were killed. Is is not known why the race was held; unless the parties to it wero insane* Skveiul poetic effusions havo reached Dr. ; Points re the death of liis friend Tennyson. Ti£B good Doctor's feelings are too much affected to publish these communications. They will be kept in nie»noriam. Sgids folks who complain of being down trodden have a deal of spring in them. Two of Carnegie's hands were arrested and tried for riot and murder. They were let out on bull; amount, £*2,000. Two of the fleeced mill workers offered to go bail. Their recognisances wore examined. Tiiby were found to be worth £7,000 in free hold property at Homestead. That is one way of being a poverty-stricken slave of the bloated capitalist. IiABOUtt leaders are very sore about labour members, becausc.the latter will not be led by the nose by the former. Da. Mookehousz is reported to have said that secular education does not prevent trims, for the most serious crimes are committed by the best educated *virsona. ■ Snnr.ABT.T, secular education does not make men successful in life; for the best of such men never succeed, I Am) tho least educated of men nro amongst j the most prosperous of men; but is that against ; secular education ? Just now Australia has not a few well mean ing legislators. What with suppressing larri kinism and quack odvertiaments, they intend our salvation. Birr as applied to sections of tho community it is not wholly unlike building the sepulchres of the propkots. Equac electorates, so far as possible; single electorates; and all elections in one day in New Soutli Wales. O.v it3 becoming law, the millennium will be proclaimed, and Mr. Barton -will be knighted. They are going to suppress disorderly conduct down south. That is, they will pass ; an Act of Parliament about it. It is alleged that £1,400 of tbc funds of tho ' English Seamen and Firemen's Union has been embezzled, and that at the head office £11,000 j has been spent in salaries, while ouly £2,000 has been devoted to tbe relief of shipwrecked members and the paymoat of sickness and death claims. And if the allegation is not true it is because tho rogues have been so clever that their sin cannot be brought home to thorn. ifr. Wbagge says that if he did not forecast the strong wind wluch recently presented itself in Sydney, it was because he never before heard of such a strong wind. Rxxxixo is evidently dead. I The lessee of the Columbia says he can't pay | the rent, and wants the council to take over the concern. Thohas Geasset, Esquire, M.L.A., finds himself at variance with the views expressed by Sir Thomas MTl wraith at the Mayors* picnic on Saturday. Consedebtn'O the fighting weigh t of the two men. Glassey exhibits pluck in attacking the knight. It will be as easy for the Bundanba bantam ' to knock over the North Brisbane cochin as for beggars for Treasury relief to knock the Trea surer off the money chest. These are some really sensible men at Broken Tnil- They can see farther than their leaders. They want a new union minus socialism, plus freedom of contract. The Pope holds out on olive branch. The blind bats outside the ark will not see it. Hun's works live after them. Woolner's sculptures to wit. Victoria's orders for British goods huve greatly decreased The electoral rolls must have been in a bad way, they have taken so much purging. The directors of a mine at Gympie arc offer ing 6,000 forfeited shares at Id. each. How much yet to be called up on them ? Nearly every man who spoke at the Mayors* banquet on Saturday began with an apology. " The finest climate in tho world." Ours. Quoth Sir Thomas M'Hwraith. Shakes in mines at Broken Hill going up, and tho mines themselves going down. Quite a novelty. A southern paper begins a leader by saying 11 Tennyson is dead." Cape Colo:.*** Anglican clergy forbidden to marry disconsolate widowers to sisters of their deceased wives. What will happen ? "Why other parsons will do it, you bet. When a woman says she will, &c.; Bishops in England are opposing vivisection. That settles it. The Solicitor-General is going to summon all members of the Legislative Council to duty on the Constitution BUI. At Mount Morgan some boarders* rooms have been ransacked by thieves, booty carried off. At Roma some boarders* rooms have been destroyed by fire, booty all consumed. The Junee Democrat has had to pay £90 for the gratification of publishing a defamatory letter. The lessons of experience in shipping cattle on board the Federal were very costly. Trrz beasts were normally healthy tiU they died. Some gave up the ghost before they got out to open Bea. Being very fat beasts thoy may have died of apoplexy. The opposition of Mr. Black to the New Constitution Bill is leading his opponents to say that he is not white about it. President Caenot has-ordered the release of GO miners who were imprisoned for rioting I during the lato strike at Sens. ! These are only about 4,800 justices of the | peace in New South Wales ; so jealously is the I honour guarded. Loud Scott has arranged a signal code to be used in time of war. If not used otherwise it may turn out a failure. Cardinal Moras recently delivered one of his very finest utterances on Sir Thomas More. Mobs was the saintlicst spirit amongst laymen that England has produced. But was he u Human Catholic or a British Catholic ? Subjects or problems for consideration:— If the north gets provincial or total separation under the present electoral laws, will not tho labour party bo greatly in preponderance in that province ? Some contractors who claimed £70,000 from tho Government of Victoriu have taken £20,500. Seusible fellows, both sides. It will be a warm ride from Broken Hill to Deniliquin for the strike leaders. They may be tempted to strike again. Someone has been trying his hand in aiming at tho Czar. An emperorship must have weighty emoluments to be worth the risJc. Rec&uitino; ships are returning with their : living freight. I The overdraft of Boowodabiu is only £30,000. | Another penny in the pound will do it. Steehuous efforts arc being made on the other side to set up a bimetulto system. Most folk have hard work to get hold of one of the precious metals, much more the two. "Why quarrel, then? . J £*Mxss Macdowaij), principal of the Women's College, Sydney, is delivering lectures cm Greek Life and Art. Shade of Badham I In referring to the cable subsidy question the London Xmu says it is difficult to see how Queensland can hold uloof any longer from the Telegraphic Convention. Bur then, the difficulty of the linut to see anything is well enough known to make this statement unuocessary. A poll on the question o£ raising anothor £200,000 to complete tho Napier breakwater, New Zealand, has resulted in a large majority for tho proposal. 