irdtixm Why Did He Love Her? CHAPTER XXX (Continued). "I am not informed of his opinion," re plied Mrs. Berkely, " but we can hope on, my child. Can you not return with me to the Vale. All the members of my family are anxious to welcome you among us. You can come or send every day to learn how Clauae progresses, and we will do all in our power to render you contented." "You are too good to me; but I will prove to you how sensible I am of the kind ness extended to me at this time, when I need it. But I cannot return with you to night. It grows late, and I-shall have much packing to do."' " Cousin Carrie will come for you herself, for she is anxious to bear you from those she is convinced are unfriendly to you. She bade me to say that henceforth you are to look to her, as to an elder sister, for every thing you need. Her fortune is ample, and the friendship she has long cherished for Claude gives her the right to assume the place he has so long filled toward you." Isola had suspected the interest with which Miss Carleton regarded Fontaine, and she comprehended that to extend kind ness to the orphan he had loved as his child would be a solace to her heart. She replied to this offer with so much feeling that Mrs. Berkely felt more tenderly toward her than she had done before. After a long conversation their plans were settled, and the elder lady arose to leave. Dr. Sinclair had forbidden all ac cessto hispatient, who was confined to the two rooms he had occupied. So Mrs. Ber kely was compelled to leave the house w~thout seeing Fontaine. Casar and Aggy watched over their master, who was never violent with them. Isola had the grief of learning from them thather name was never mentioned by him ; that no wish to see her again passed his lips. When the carriage containing her old friend drove away, Isola ascended to her own room, with a feeling of desolation in her heart at the thought of leaving the house which had so long been a happy home to her. When Isola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins were built, and informed them that she had come to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expressions of re gret and attachment affected her. Escap ing from the blessings that were showered on hershe rode back to the house, to find the Senora awaiting her return on the piazza with an expression of anger on her face. As Isola ascended the steps, she ad dressed her; "You have taken a strange liberty in ordering that horse to be saddled for your self, Miss-I hardly know what to call you, since you have no right to the name you have so long borne. Selim is now the pro perty of my niece, and I have ordered that it shall be kept for her exclusive use." By this time Isola had become accus tomed to the insolent speeches which were addressed to her by this imperious woman, and she replied: "I no longer claim anything here, ma dam; but Savella would not object to my riding, for the last time, the horse which has been so long considered as my own. Cease your insults, for to-morrow I leave the home which has so long sheltered me, driven from it by your uncivil treatment." "Leave La Fontaine I Where will you go 1" ".Ihave promised Mrs. Berkely to take up my abode at the Vale. Since I am ba nished from the presence of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now he is unable to protect me, I shall go to the friend whose heart and home are open to me." " To depend on her, I suppose," she re plied; " with such a lady as you are, any thing will be better than working for your living, though I'll wager anything those you lawfully belong to have to work hard enough for theirs." To this vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no reply. She went up to her apartment, to indulge her repressed emotions in a hearty cry. The Senora had left Savella under the surveillance of Summerton, while she awaited Isola's return, for the purpose of giving her what she called a piece of her mind, for the impudence in ordering Selim without her permission. During all these weeks the strictness of her watch over her niece had not relaxed, for she dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. She sought Savella's room, in which she and Summerton were sitting, and whis pered in his ear. The two went out leav ing Savella alone, but taking the precaution to look the door on the outside, unsuspi cious of the pantomime that was perform ing within. When they disappeared, the girl jumped up 'and sprang toward the window. A handkerchief was waved from it, a thread lowered to a which a letter was fastened, and an answering signal came from the woodland, to assure her that Phillip was on the watch. When the handkerchief was waved, Philip waited till nightfall, came to the rosebush below the window, disengaged the missive, and placed one for Savella on the thread, which escaped even the glance of the Cerberus who watched over her. While this was passing, the Senora 'drew . Summerton into her apartment, closed the door, and said: "I have warned you more than once that your potion had failed in its effect. In place of hurting her, it seems to agree with her, and now she is escaping from us alto gether." Alfter deliberating a moment, Summerton said: " If it were not for the will I would let her go. But Fontaine will not last many months, and we cannot afford to give her ten thousand dollars that lawfully belong to us. Are you sure that she has drunk the water?.; I' have' made the infusion stronger than the first, and it seems strange it no longer affects her.' '" Ihave found 'means to look into 'her chamber every morning, and the pitcher is always partly emptied. That proves that ehe'uses it; you must have given me some •hing that is harmless." . . "'As if I should do such a thing I" he re te I believe now that she pours out i portion of the water to make you believe she has drunk it. :If such is-the case,, you must risk everything sooner than permit her to leave this house alive. -How can ae manage to give her'what will effectually put an end to her claims on any portion of the estate we have fairly earned for our selves?" " - The Senora rapidly said:. " Of late she often has her tea. sent tos her own room. To-night she will do so, for she is now crying because she is going away. I can put the powder in the sugar. She must die before another day dawns safely. Your skill can produce the symp toms of some sudden and fatal disease?" . " Oh, yes. The house has been recently painted, and she shall die of what painters call lead colic. I shall say the delicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join the angels. Nobody can contradict us, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." There was something diabolical in the coolness with which this was uttered. .Re morse was unknown to the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. Sheriapidly said: "That will do; bring me the death, war. rant, for I am impatient to make all safe bygetting into the dining-room unobserved." Summerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering white powder, the deadly qualities of which had been con densed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Ioselli descended the staircase, and, after a passing glance into the dining-room to ascertain if it was empty, she glided in.. The supper-table was set, and a cup and saucer of fine blue china, which Isola -al ways drank her tea from. To drop the powder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noise lessly as she had entered. She went up to Savella, who was revolv ing in her brain the means of effecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her everything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could manage to evade her aunt and join him at their old trysting-place. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an excuse from her young iady; she had a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent up to her. With unblushing cheek the Nemesis pre pared the liquid, and placed it on the waiter. She insisted on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after her headache went-off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savella seemed in better spirits than she had been in of late. Through the servants she had heard of Isola's intended departure, and when supper was over she said: " I must go up and see Isola; it seems hard to be turned out of the home she has so long been taught to look upon as her own; but the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we must let her do so." ."You can bid her adieu," said Summer ton, "but the warning voice which has spoken to you has forbidden you to claim her as your friend." She shuddered and changed colour. " She can never be my friend, for I shrink from her with fear since that dreadful night in Uncle Claude's room. But I'll bid her good-bye. I cannot let her go without that. You need not come With me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go to Isola's room." Night had fallen; the Senora knew it would be impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey, and she was per mitted to ascend alone. Instead of going to Isola, she noiselessly flitted into her room, threw up the window, and drew up a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, with the light of love shining from her eyes.. One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met. I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again. Come to me Savella, for I can no longer live without your presence." "I will come," she said; and a few hur ried lines were dashed off, sealed, and low ered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him 'who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com munication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her knock received no reply and she went in. Isola was sitting beside the fire in her dressing-robe, with her hair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, and her head was resting against the high back of the chair. She was colourless, and seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savella sprang toward her, exclaiming: " Good heavens! Isola, what can be the matter with you? You look as if you are dying." " I believe I am," she said. "I sent Celia downtoher supper, and soon after ward I was seized with so violent a pain in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed as quickly as possible, Summon Celia to me." Savella pulled the bell-cord, and in a few moments'Celia came in, looking frightened. When she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. "Oh, Miss Savella, what can have come over her since I went down stairs? She said she felt better after drinking her tea. What is it, Missy? "I don't know-I feel ill all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one for Dr. Sinclair. The two girls lifted her in their arms and placed her on the bed. On her appearance Savella hurried from the room, to inform her aunt that Isola was ill ;that something must be done for her at once, hoping that this attack might make a diversion in her own favour. Senora Rtoselli went to see Isola's condi tionherself. She looked upon the face io changed within the last hour. Already the livid hue of death seemed setting over it, and her senses had so failed her that she was unconscious of what was passing aroundher. Celia was wringing herhands, Sand exclaiming: ? : " Oli, what shall I do? She tole me; to sen' for dde doctor, an! I must"do.uit now; - for ef he's not here'soon my dear Missy will die."", -. : .----.,--: - : . S"Buush that uproar,' said the 'senors "It is useless to send for Dr. Sinclair now -or she will be past help before he could get here. Mr. Summerton is as good a physi aian as he is-ask him to come up. and see what can be done for her.". SCelia left the room to seek Summerton, and the Nemesis bent over her victim to ascertain how long life might linger in the frame she had doomed to destruction. The Senora's breath came in quick gasps, and she became paler than the half-lifeless eing on the couch beside her. Unable to susiain herself she sank on a chair, and sat trembling before the conviction that arose within her mind. Sommerton obeyed her summons; but when he entered the chamber and saw the changed face of his accomplice, he started back in dismay. He asked: "What has happened to unnerve you so? Put off that look before the girl returns, or it may betray all." "Look there," she said in a whisper. ,"What of that?" he asked. "It seems that she is marked with red wine. Come this will never do; you look as if you had seen a ghost." i' So I have," was the reply; " 'the ghost of the past. The girl must not die-save her." "Have you lost your senses?" he asked. "Why should I save her when you doomed her !" She placed her lips close to his ear, and breathed a few words into it. His face changed as he listened, but he answered: "Even if this be true, it should but con firm you in your purpose." "No-I tell you no ! I am a hard woman,-I know ; but this crime I dare not perpetrate. I tell you she shall not die. We can otherwise dispose of her. "But how?" "Leave that to after consideration. Act now; I insist upon it. There is an antidote; use all your skill to save her, or-I know what I may do." "Is that a threat ?" "Understand it as you please; but my will shall be yours. Refuse, and I willsend for Dr. Sinclair. He will comprehed all, and who will be held answerable? I will save myself by criminating you. There -you know me-to work, for no time is to be lost." Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerton said: "I will do your bidding; but if your sus picions are true, she will give us much trouble hereafter." I do not act on suspicion, but on a cer tainty. Hasten for your antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will not be well for you." Summerton ordered Celia to bring warm water, and in a few moments he returned, bringing the antidote to the deadly agent he,had used in preparing his subtle mes senger of death: The lips of Isola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her throat; her chilling limbs were rubbed with flannels wrung from warm water. The Senora seemed nevez to weary in her efforts to restore her, and Summerton used allhis skill to undo what they had done. At length the purple hue left Isola's lips and hands; her eyes opened, but with a shudder she closed them as they fell upon the Senora. "'What has happened to me?" she asked. "I feel like one just rescued from death." ? gy rushed to her side, and said: ý-ý n' so you is, my darlin'. Hf it hadn't beri for the Snory an' Mr. Summ'rton, you'd a been wid de angels by dis time." "I have been so ill, and they have aided me'?" she murmured. "It seems impos sible." "Why so, Isola?" asked Summerton. "Savella found you here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous effluvia arising from the paint which has been used on the house. Fortunately I knew what remedies to apply; you have been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Senora Roselli and myself." "Then I must thank you," she feebly said; "but I am too weak to talk much." "Nor is it desirable you should do so. You must now rest," replied Summerton, and after giving some directions to Aggy, who was to remain with her till morning, the two confederates left the room to gether. Isola was too musch exhausted to think, though she was in a state of bewilderment as to their conduct towards her. When she first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused them of. having effected their ends by destroying her, yet to their efforts she was assured sihe owed her life. But she soon fell asleep, and at a late hour of the following morning she was aroused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella was repeated. \- CHAPTIER XXXI. \- THE ELODEMENT. Savella remained in the chamber of Isola * till her aunt assured her that the patient would recover. She watched Senora Ito selli and Summerton with a puzzled ex pression as they moved around the coauch of the sick girl, and showed earnest soliai tude for her recovery. Ignorant as she was of their diabolical intention to rid themselves of her, Savella wasaware that they cherished a feeliig of hostility towards the adopted ehild of Fon taine; and shie was at a loss to comprelhend the source of thle anxiety her aunt mani fested in her restoration. When assured that Isola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to her. own affairs, and she resolved to avail herself of the opportunity her aunt's preoccupation afforded her: to make her escape to her lover. She said to her: * "am sleepy. I shall retire,.and Celia can stay in my room if you are unwil!ing to leave me alone." e The girl was nodding in a corner ; and Savella thought she would prove but an in diffrent guard. The Senora answered: , You can take Celia with you; the :door is locked on the outside, and you~ can go through this room into your own." I Sairella : siled, for she had found .means to slip out unbservcd, and. turn the key; in sipite oheranxriety about Isola, the Se nor?hiad not been oblivious of the safety od The means of escape were open to Sa vella if she could evade the sleepy Watch set upon her, and this she considered very easy of accomplishment. At her command Celia made her pallet on the floor near her own bed. A lounge had been appropriated by Senora Roselli since she had assumed the office of duenna, and the girl reflected that her relative would be too faitgued on her return to the chamber to investigate the state of things very critically. She was soon in bed and Celia threw her self upon her couch and was asleep in a few minutes. So soon as her breathing assured Savella that there was no danger to apprehend from her, she arose, dressed herself in a travelling-robe, and took out her heaviest wrappings ready for use. Then a bundle of clothing was made up, her cap and gown placed upon the lay figure, and the bedclothes so disposed around it as, to induce her aunt to believe she was still lying there. Every arrangement completed, Savella donned her shawl and bonnet, lowered the lamp, and glided out and locked the door behind her. Since the house had been infested by nocturnal disturbances, the lamp in the lower hall was kept burning through the night, and with less trepidation than she might have felt, the fugitive stole down the stairs, fearful lest she should be saluted by the rappings which were heard at intervals. But all remained quiet, and she gained the hall in safety. Savella was afraid to attempt to gain egress through the front door, lest the watcher who remained in the chamber of her uncle should hear her and give the alarm. She hastened to the one that opened on the back piazza, and suc ceeded in turning the key that secured it. There was no moon, but the night was clear, and as Savella's hand was laid upon the latch of the gate, a figure started from behind a neighbouring tree, and Philip Vane exclaimed: "Is it you, my angel? Have you suc ceeded in escaping from durance vile ? Oh, Savella, how supremely -I am blessed in this auspicious hour." Savella was clasped in his arms, and she said : "Dear Philip, I knew I should find you here. Take me away, for I am frightened out of my wits. I have comne through that haunted house alone, expecting every mo ment that same mysterious voice would speak to me and arrest my flight. Luckily it did not, or I should have lost my senses, I am sure." Philip drew- her to his breast and fer vently said : "Your courage has made you doubly dear to mne, Savella. Our horses are in charge of mny servant not far from here; we can get-to the station for the one o'clock train, and to-morrow we will be united in Baltimore." A few yards brought them to the shelter in which his attendant remained with the horses. The negro was ordered to return to Dunlora and report to his mistress the elopement of her son with the heiress of La Fontaine, and in a few moments the lovers were mounted, and flying in the di rection of the railroad. In two hours they reached the station; they were just in time, for in ten minutes the train dashed up to the platform, and again rushed through the night with speed that mocked pursuit. Philip left his horses with the station. master, and with his hat drawn over his brows, his riding coat so muffled about him as to defy recognition, he placed Savella on the seat beside himself, exulting in the thought that he had outwitted them all, and the Fontaine estate would soon be his. Savella was supremely happy, and no doubt of the future arose to dim the dream in which she revelled. When fatigue over came her excitement, she slept with her head resting upon Philip's broad breast, her form sustained by his arm, and she be lieved herself blessed above all women. When .they reached Baltimore, Philip found no difficulty in -getting a clergyman to unite them. Two b'issful days were spent in visiting the monuments, and then the newly wedded pair set out on their re turn to Dunlora. At the station they found the carriage of Mr. Vane awaiting them, and in an hour the bride was congratulated by her new parents. Mrs. Vane said to Savella: " You have endured a regular siege, and Philip has been in- despair at your being mewed up so closely. But I think you will be your own mistress after this, and give your aunt to understand that her reign at La Fontaine is .at an end. You must be my guest till the storm of her anger has subsided; then you can take your place as the ruler of your house." " Thank you ; I am glad to shelter my self with you from the outburst of my aunt's rage. I will send Philip over to bear the brunt of it, and when he has mollified her wrath by such apologies as he knows how to make, I will venture back myself. I cannot help laughing when I think of her face when she found the doll I had dressed up so nicely to represent my precious self." And Savella laughed. Mr. Vane was exuberant in his demon strations of joy at welcoming his richly en-/ dowed daughter-in-law. He slapped Philip on the shoulder and said: "You're a lucky fellow, you have won the brightest bride in the State; and," he Sadded, " you will have the entire control of her fortune, for Fontaine is in no state to interfere with you." His son nodded intelligently, and the schemers sat down to a supper with shar pened appetites, and the agreeable convic- tion that Philip had only to walk into La Fontaine and take possession in his wife's name. Senora Roselli had discovered the ruse which had deceived her. Tired and de pressed, she left the apartment of Isola, and, after glancing at the couch of bar niece and trying the lock of the door to see if it was still fast, the Senora sought the repose she needed. She believed Savella to be sleeping near her, and never dreamed of the catastrophe which had occurred. She slept till a late hour on the following morning, and when she arose she was sur prised ts find Savella still in bed. She rang for Celi 8, and said: " Wake up my niece. It is unusual fo' Savella to sleep so late;but she was kept up last night "beyond her usual hour for. • retiring." Celia called the name of her mistress several times. Then the Senora peevishlyi said: " Can't you'speak loud enough to arouse her? She seems like one of the seven sleepers this morning.' The girl obeyed her, and uttered a shriek so loud as to terrify everyone within hear ng. The Senora dropped the comb she held in her hand, and asked: "Is she dead? Has this retributions' come to me for-" She paused, choked, indignant, over whelmed with sudden wrath, for Celia cried out: "It's only a doll, and the mistis is clean' gone I" The Senora sprang toward her, seized and shook her violently, as she said: "You-you-have-helped-her-to-get -away I Don't deny it: but I-I'll have have you punished for it. see if I don't." Celia defended herself with the cons-. ciousness of innocence: "I'clare'fore my Marster in Heben, I don' know more'n de dead what's come o' her. Don' shake all de bref out'n me, 'caze I ain't got nothin' to do wi' dese here doin's. Ef Miss S'vella's gone, I don' know whar she's gone to, though I reckin I can guess who she's gone wid anyhow." " Wretch ! you helped her away; you un locked the door, or she could never have made her escape." "I don' know nothin' bout de do.- 'Twas locked jes' now when I come up, an' I opened it to let myself in. 1 t'ink it's hard to be 'spected, when I ain't done nothin'." The girl's air was so truthful that the Senora saw she was speaking the truth. Sherushed across the hall, and summoned her ally to a conference. When Summer ton approached, she exclaimed: " She's gone ! The girl has eloped, and all our plans are dashed to the earth I Can we not yet save her from marrying Philip Vane ?" He stood a moment as if transfixed, with the colour retreating from his face. "Why don't you speak ?" she asked. " Why do you stand there as if stricken into stone? Follow after her-quick It may not yet be too late." "How long has she been gone?" he asked. " Oh! I cannot tell, but it must have been many hours ago. But it cannot yet be too late to bring her back. Go, and bring Savella back to me." "It is useless now," he replied. "All pursuit would be unavailing; for they were in time for the Northern train, which passes the station at one o'clock.", "Telegraph, then! Have her arrested and brought back at all hazards." '" But to what point shall I telegraph ? I tell you we must make the best of this affair, and take. the young man into our confidence. He will have few scruples to trouble us with, and he is as much inter ested in-in you know what, as we are." Her anger seemed to augment at this view of the case, and she frantically said: "You aggravate me beyond endurance. Take hiss into our councils ! That would be ruin to all. Was not the discovery I made last night enough, but this disaster must follow so soon upon it? and you-you who know how much is at stake, must talk in this manner. I shall go wild I don't know what I shall not do." "I will tell you what you toill do," he re plied. " The only safe course for you to pursue is this : calm /urpelf and act like a reasonable woman; make up your mind that Savella's marriage will take 1~ace in spite of every effort we may make. I will soon show him that he is in our power, and I understand him too well to fear any expos6 from him. There- leave all to me; I will act for the best, you may be sure." The Senora glared on him a few mo ments, then turned away, and silently went back to her chamber. CHAPTER XXXII. CLAUDE's ANGEL. The house was searched for the .missing girl; Senora Roselli did not command it to be done, for she knew that Savella had passed from her control; that a man as mercenary as either herself or Summerton, was about to take possession of the wealth they had believed within their grasp; and she felt that, without some hold over Philip, he would not tolerate her presence at La Fontaine. At length she muttered: "I will find means to manage him, even If I-" The thought that arose remained unspoken, but her lips closed with their iron expression, and she stood looking vaguely through the window before she could command herself sufficiently to go into Isola's chamber, and inquire how she had passed the night. She found her weak, but that was to be expected after the severe suffering through which she had passed on the previous night. She said: "That will be but temporary. Your 'elastic constitution will soon throw off this weight, and you will regain your usual health. When you do recover, I wish that I could place you in the position which is held by my ungrateful niece. You have heard that she is gone; a few hours will make her the wile of Philip Vane." " Yes--I know that Savella has eloped with him. I fear her dream of bliss will not last long. She adores Philip, and he-" She paused abruptly, and the Senora took up her words, and went on in an ex cited tone: " And he has sold himself for the money he expects to gain. I know that this man loved you, Isola; that he sought you till Savella came to claim the inheritance he thought would be yours. Good morning, I must go to breakfast now, and you are still tooweak to'stand much talking. I have something important to say to you whichI think you will be glad to hear; but I mist defer it till you are in a condition to bear excitement." Wondering What the Senora 'could ha?.: to communicate to her, but.too feeble 'to' give her mind to conjecture, Isola: saw he?: depart, and after taking the nourishment Aggy had prepared for her, she sank into' a. half dreamy state. " Isola dWas conscious thait Summerton came to her side and felt her pulse; but she could '-not arouse herself sufficiently to speak to him.: At moments she felt as if floating upon a cloud of 'light, with' soft musical murmurs gliding through the sea Sof golden mist that sustained her, and angel faces seemed to sweep around heg, bending looks of love upon her pale face.' From this dreamy enchantment she was aroused by a voice she loved, and starting' Into consolousness, she saw Miss Carleton bending over her with an expression of tender solicitude upon her fair face. When she saw Isola's black eyes open and rest on her with recognition, she said: "My dear child, I have come to claim you as my own from this time forth, and I find you thus. What has caused this at tack, for of late you have appeared restored to health ?" With an effort, Isola banished the sweet fantasies that filled her mind, and collec tedly replied: "I could not have been strong, cousin Carrie ; for the odour of the paint made me very ill.' But for Mr. Summerton's medical skill, I must have died." "SoAggy has told me. I am grateful to him for his kindness. I hoped to take you back with me to the Vale, but in your pre sent state it will be impossible to do so. I shall send the carriage back, and remain here until you are able to return with me." "Thank you, dear friend. I know I should be very grateful to the Senora and Mr. Summerton, but I am afraid I am not so much as they deserve, for I cannot help shrinking from them when they come near me. Very wicked, isn't it, when they have saved my life ?" "After all you have borne from them, I think your feelings natural. One benefit cannot destroy the memory of a series of insults such as you have been lately made to endure. But they are at an end, Isola; you shall be my daughter till George re turns to claim his darling; we have news from the noble fellow. Letters came this morning, and here is one for you." Her face brightened, and she spoke with animation : " Let me see it; place it upon my pillow till 1 am strong enough to read it; but tell me twhat he says in yburs." Miss Carleton smiled as she obeyed her: "Here is your missive; George writes in high spirits; .he is delighted with St. Petersburg, where he has already made many acquaintances and one friend. His presence of mind enabled him to save a stranger from death when his horses had taken fright, and he and George have be come friends. But he will tell you all about it, for he seems fascinated by this Baron Fontani." "Fontani I" repeated Isola, "the name is like ours." "It is-doubtless the same name with an Italian termination, for George says he is from this country ; he is in the employ ment of the Czar as an engineer, and has won high rank by his services." Though Isola showed interest in the con versation, Miss Carleton could see she was overtaxing herself, and she placed her hand on her lips as she was about to speak again, and said: "Rest now, Isola, for you are too weak to bear excitement. I will leave you to re pose, and talk awhile with the Senora. I may be able to induce her to forgive her niece for the escapade she has made." Isola closed her eyes, and like a tired child she fell off into a deep sleep murmur ing: "Poor Savella, I am afraid she will find dust and ashes where she expects to find the fruits of Paradise." Miss Carleton descended to the sitting room, where she found Summerton and the Senora in consultation. She would have retired, but the former advanced with quiet ease, and courteously said: "Pray come in, Miss Carleton; we are only talking over the distressing event of the past night. You doubtless feel it as we do, though not so keenly as those who have loved and protected this wilful girl from her infancy.- Can you tell us anything of Mr. Vane that is calculated to console us for the fatal step Savella has taken ?" Miss Carleton said: "I have known Philip from his boyhood, and until lately I have thought highly of him. He is amiable and well-bred, end he will always treat Sa vella with tho kindness and respect due to his wife." "Ah i if we could only believe that Mr. Vane is attached to her," sighed the hypo crite; "but you know that hearts are not recalled at will and given again at the op tion of their owner. I fear that La Fon taine was the object of his affections, and not the girl who is now its possessor." Her face changed, and she spoke with as perity: " This placn belongs to Mr. Fontaine, and neither Philip nor any one else can assert a claim to it wb.le he lives. His friendshope to see him yet restored to the enjoyment of his own; and Philip could not have looked forward to the possession of this estate." In his most dulcet tones Summerton re plied: "I haveno doubt Mr. Vane will claim it as aportion of his wife's inheritance. You are notaware, perhaps, but young Vane is, that Mr. Fontaine is indebted to his niece for the wasted income of her father's pro perty from the day it came into his posses sion. Since his illness I have looked into the condition of his pecuniary affairs, and LaFontaine, with everything upon it, will scarcely suffice to liquidate Ine debt." Miss Carleton became pale ; she asked: "Is it, then, your purpose to strip Mr. Fontaine of everything? to turn him out of the house in which he was born? Can . Savella attempt to do this ?" "'It is not a question of what Savella will do," replied the suave voice, but of what her husband will be capable of doing. If I judge Mr. Vane aright, hlie will be as re lentless as Shylock in exacting his pound of flesh. I ask you if you believe that Philip SVane will be so hard as to proceed to ex treme measures? for I may be mistaken in my estimate of him. If you agree with me, I will endeavour to take such steps as may protect Mr. Fontaine from his cupidity." After apainful pause, Miss Carleton said: " I should be sorry to think Philip cap able of committing so great a wrong; but I cannot answer for him. He has disap. Spointed me in other things, and he may .prove grasping in this. Excuse me, Mr. Summerton; this conversation is oppres sive to me. I must walk in the open air to regain my equanimity." She passed out of the room, convinced in Sher own mind that these schemers had laid Stheir plans for the impoverishment of her Sold friend, and only desired to learn from her how far Philip was to be trusted to .carry them out, and take on himself the odium of their consummation. She walked on the piazza till, her spi rits became more composed, and then a desire seized her to see Fontaine herself, and judge if his condition afforded no hope of ultimate restoration. She turned the green blind which opened from the li brary window, and saw Caosar nodding in his chair near the door. While she hesi tated as to the propriety of entering, Dr. :Binolair rode up and dismounted. (TO' be coatinued.) ii -i~:. · -···' : · '' I·:· · :~ · 