THE EDGE OF THE EAST. By RUDYARD KIPLING in the Melbourne Argo». Thc mist was clearing off Yokohama har- bour, and a hundred junks had their sails hoisted for the morning breeze, so that the veiled horizon was stippled with square blurs of silver. An English man-of-war showed liluc-white on the haze, so now was the day- light, and all the water lay out os smooth os the inside of an oyster-shell. Two children in blue and white, their tanned limbs pink in the freBh air, sculled a maivellous boat of lemon-hued wood, and that was our fairy craft, to the shore across the stillness and tho mother-o'-pearl levels. There are ways and ways of entering Japan. Tile best is to descend upon it from America and the Pacific-from the barbarians and the deep sea. Coming from the East, the blaze of. India and the insolent tropical vegetation of Singapore dull the eye to naif colours and little tones. It is at Bombay that the Smell of All Asia boards the ship miles off shore, and holds the passengers nose till he is clear of Asia again. That is a violent, an aggressive smell, apt to pre- judice the stranger, but kin none the loss to the gentle and insinuating flavour that stol« across thc light airs of the daybreak when the fairy boat went to shore-a smell of very clean new wood ; split bamboos, wood- smoke, damp earth, and the things that people who are not white people cat-a homelike and comforting smelL Then followed on shore the sound of an Eastern tongue, that is beautiful or not, as you happen to know it The Western races have many languages, but a crowd of Europeans heard through closed doors talk with the Western pitch and cadence. So it is with the East. A line of Genrickshaw coolies sat in the sun discoursing to each other, and it was os though they were welcoming a return in speech that the listener must know as well as English. They talked and they talked, but the ghosts of familiar words would not grow any clearer till pre- sently the Smell came down the open streets again, saying that this was the East where nothing matters, and trifles old as the Tower of Babel mattered less than nothing, and that there were old acquaintances waiting at every corner beyond the township. Great is the Smell of the East! Railways, telegraphs, docks, and gunboats cannot banish it, and it will endure till the railways are dead. He who bas not smelt that smell hos not lived. Three years ago Yokohama was'sufliciently Europeanised in its shops to suit the worst and wickedest taste. To-day it is still worse if you keep to tho town limits. Ten steps beyond into thc fields all thc civilisation stops exactly as it does in another land a few thou- sand miles further west. The globe-trottiug millionaires, anxious to spend money, with a nose on whatever caught their libertine fancies, had explained to us aboardship that they came to Japan in haste, advised by their guide-books to do so, lest the land should bc suddenly civilised between steamer-sailing and steamer-sailing. When they touched land they ran away to thc curio shops to buy things which arc prepared for them-mauve and magenta and blue vitriol things. By this time they have a Murray under one arm, and an electric blue eagle, with u copperas beak and a yellow "E plunbm vnum" embroidered on apple- green silk, under the other. We, being wise, sit in a garden that is not ours, but belongs to a gentleman in slate coloured silk, wno, solely for thc sake of thc picture, condescends to work os a gardener, in which employ he is sweeping delicately a welt of fallen cherry blossoms from under an azalea aching to burst into bloom. Steep stone steps, of the colour that nature ripons through long winters, lead up to this garden by way of clumps of bamboo grosB. You see the Smell was right when it talked of meeting cid friends. Half-a-dozen blue-black pines are standing akimbo against a real sky- not a fog-blur nor a cloud-bank, nor a grey dish clout wrapped round thc suu- but a blue sky. A cherry tree on a Blope below thom throws up a ware of blossom that breaks all creamy white against their feet, and a clump of willow trail their palest green shoots in front of all. The sun sends for an ambassador through the azalea'bushes a lordly swallow tailed butterfly and his Bqnire, very like the flitting "chalk-blue" of the English downs. The warmth of the East, that goes through, not over, the lazybody, is added to thc light of thc East-the splendid lavish light that clears but docs not bewilder the eye. Then thc now leaves of the spring wink like fat emeralds and the loaded branches of cherry bloom grow transparent and glow es a bund glows held up against flame. Little, warm sighs come up from the moist, warm earth, and thc fallen petals stir on the ground, turn over, and go to Bicep again.' Outside, beyond thc foliage, where thesiinlight lies on the slate coloured roofs, thc ridged rice-fields beyond thc roofs, and thc lulls beyond thc rice fields, is all Japan-only all Japan ; and this that they call the old French Legation is the Garden of Eden that most- naturally dropped down herc after the Fall. For some small hint of thc beauties to bc shown later there is thc root of a temple, ridged nnd fluted with dark tiles, flung out casually beyond the corner of thc bluff" on which tho gurdon stands. Any other curve of thc caves would not have consorted with tho sweep of thc pine branches ; therefore this curve was made, ami being made, was perfect. Thc congregation of thc globe-trotters arc in thc hotel, ncnfUng for guides, in order that they limy bc BIIOWU thc sights of Japan, which is all one sight. They must go to Tokio, they must go to Nikko ; they must surety eec all that is to bc soeu. aud then write home to their barbarinn families that they aro getting usod to tho sight of bare brown legs. Before thia duy is ended they will all, thank goodness, have splitting headaches and burnt-out eyes. It is botter to lie still and hear thc groan grow-to soak in the heat and the smell and the sounds und the sight* that como unasked. Our garden overhangs the barbour, and hy pushing aside one brauoh we look down upon a heavy-sterned fishing boat, the straw-cold mate of the deck-house pushed back to show tho perfect order and property of thc house- keeping that is going forward. Thc futher fishcr, sitting frog-fashiou, is poking at a tiny box full of charcoal, and tho light white ash is blown back into the face of a largish Japanese dall, price 2s. 3d. in Bayswater. The doll wakes, turns into a Japunesc baby something more valuable than money could buy-a baby with a shaven head and aimless legs, lt crawls to tho thing in thc polished brown box, is picked up justes it is ready to eat live coals, and set down behind a thwart, where it drums upon a bucket, addressing thc firebox from afar. Half- a-dozen cherry blossoms slide olia bough and waver down to the water close to Hie Japanese doll, who in another minute will bc overside in pursuit of these miracles. The father-fisher has it by thc pink hind leg, and this time it is tucked away, all but the top- knot, out of sight among umber nets and sepia cordage. Being an Oriental, it makes no Íiratest, and the boat scuts out to join thc ittlc fleet in t hc offing. Thon two Bailors of a man-of-war come along thc Bea fucc, lean over thc canal below thc garden, spit, aud roll away. Thc sailor in port is thc ouly superior man. To him all matters, rare and curious, ure either " them things " or " thom other things." He docs not hurry himself, lie does not seek adjectives other than those which custom puts (into bis mouth for all occasions ; but thc beauty of life penetrates his being in- sensibly till he gets drunk, falls foul of the local policeman, smites him into thc nearest canal, and disposes of the question of treaty revision with a hiccup. All thc same, Jack says that he has a grievance ugainst the policeman, who is paid a dollar fur every strayed seaman bc liriugs up to tho Consular Courts for overstaying his leave und so forth. .Tack says that thu little fellows deliberately hinder him from getting back to his ship, and then, with devilish art and cruft of wrestling tricks-" there arc ubout a hundred of 'cm, and they can throw yon with every qualified one"-carry hun to justice. Now, when Jack is softened with drink he docs not tell lies. This is his grievance, and he says that them blanketed consuls ought to know. " They plays into each other's hand, and stops you at tho Hatoba "-thc policemen. Tho visitor who is neither a Beaman nor drunk cannot swear to the truth of this, or indeed anything else. He moves not only amoug fascinating scenes and a lovely people, but, as he is sure to find out before he lias been a day ashore, between stormy questions. Three years ago there were no questions that were not going to bo settled offhand in a blaze of paper lanterns. The Constitution was new. It had a groy pale cover with a chrysanthe- mum at the back, and a Japanese editor told me then, "Now we have Constitution same as other countries, and so it ¡B all right. Now we aro quite civilised because of Constitu- tion." A perfectly irrelevant »tory comes to mind here. Do you know that in Madeira once they had a revolution which lasted just long enough for thc national poet to compose a national anthem, and then was put down ? All that is left of the revolt now is the song that you hear on the twangling nachcUes, the baby- banjoes of a moonlight night under the banana fronds at the back of I1 michal. And the high-pitched nasal refrain of it is " Constituci-oun I " Since that auspicious date it seems that the questions have impertinently como up, and the first and the last of them ie that of Treaty Revision, Says the Japanese Govern- ment-"Only obey our laws, our now laws thar, we have so carefully compiled from all the wisdom of the West, and you shall go up country as you please and trade as you will, inm? td of living cooped up in concessions, ana t». ns judged by consuls. Treat us os yon w<,ald treat Franco or Germany, and we will treat you aB our own subjects. Here, as you know, the matter rests be- tween the 2000 foreigners and the 40 million Japanese-a God-send to all the editors of Tokio and Yokohama, and the despair of the newly-arrived, in whose nose, remember, ÍB the smell of thc East, one 'and indivisible, Immemorial, Eternal, and, above all, In- structive. 