WRovcliOt. .THE RIVAL BELLES! OF PARRAMATTA. 4,CHARMING. LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. ly LAURA: JEAN LIBBEY. CHAPTER XXXVIL A STUGLE INl THE DEAD HOUR OF TE It was the most intensemement of Ines Clavering's eventful life. Guy Livingston had turned anid left her with those terrible words on his lips-lefther standing alone, epeechleds, powerless, spellbound, in the chill, blue night. ,Round her the wind was whining and blustering. Orrrhead the stars were burning golden. The 'burnished clouds had gone. No sign of any human figure man or ghost-was near. Only thefir trees stretching doirn the desolate avenue, and at the far end, in the dimntss, the high With a weird cry, Inez sprang forward. Never, no, never would she lend herself to such a scheme as Livingstone proposed. She had not sunk so low as that. She would warn hMax Forrester. She moved forward quickly toward the house, but in her excitement turned aside fromthe path. Her foot caught in the entangling vines, and she was thrown violently on her face, where she lay mnoitinless, like one striken dead. SAi 'hour passed by, and in accordance with hispromise, GuyLivingston returned; but, much to his surprise and anger, Inez Clavering was not there. He did not see the unconscious figure that lay so white and cold in the dense shadow of the firs. "She is not.here," he muttered, with a fierce imprecation. "By that I am to understand she will not aid use in this scheme.'. Would she dare betray me to Forrester?" he mused, with darkened brow. "There's no trussing a woman is an affair of this kind. But it's a golden bit of luck that occurs to a fellow only once in a lifetime. No one shall stand between-me and the contents of thas safe." Again he turned on his heel, and cau tiously approached the house. cAll.was silent within. Without there "svsonly lie sound of the night wind stir rnig the leaves, and the distant chiming of somel far-off clock striking the hour of eleven. Tnere wan a ?light in M?ar orrester"a roome, He must:wait a little. It was quite an hour before thle house was wraplea in a i smantle of darknes~. and quiet reigned. Then Livinstotne, the trusted'servant, taok a I:.;rk lkey from his p.0cet-, inserted it ill the lock. and the talls r door swung noiselessly back on its bi ges. hseslthily he crossed the dark. shadowy coiridors, until he atso;d before the dosoru the small parlor ceonnected with sMr. For rester' sleepinst apartment, an l in which was the iron safe. It was securely fastened from the inside, iand very3deliberately the midnight- mar , suders "t to -work .to unssthai- it.,~ _at.". e:., lasthe hisit wi htlain the room. Hesay velvet . rcurtains shut out the giiasn of the dark lantern he carried from " the uleeping occupant of the clamber be. yond..-: It was a long andl lalbribns work open ing the iron safe, for. the combination of the lock, as he had uand ratetd it, semued incorrect. Other maleans? had tou e re sorted to, sad great caution exercised. The clock in as adja.."tt tower struck one just as the hearsy iron door flew back noiselessly on its hiriges. Tihe irost drawer, which wan rifled in a single momel, conontaied ,rlyv a broken fower, a. small kid-glove, a woman's pic ture, set in a superb pearl and ebmny frame, aind a ]dek of golden hair. Livingatois tLsed themanideanal opened the next. A quantity of papers and other documents where here, of value to the \- wner oly. ' _rat I nlJg1b" y i , on n s.,Ccta"et a gone th...,gih; but the large toakogo ,ft hbai nplnue' i thebri d ib ft otld and tle' Forrester diamondsi which were known to b« kept here, ier'?i?ot to be found; a mlt .nred imprectioi'? i'urst front his lips. HIad Inez Claverin. betrayed hiim And how hado tlihee been:r'rrmuved I If te, how did.hie;, know. who.- might be wetchire- himn from the dark. shadowy corners.. " . .. He gave-a guilty start, glancing fear fully around hint, but no form sprang aut from' the dark shadows; reassured, he began his search anew. thinking that he had probabhly over-looked it in his h isto. This happlened to '.a the case. In one of the small comparttments to the left he found the coveted prize. In an intan.t lie had grasped the large package of bauk-notes. Hark! What. was that sound? Still clutching his booty, lie leaned breathlessly forward, peering intothe darkness beyond, then cautiously dreo .the slide from the dark lantern, flashing its rays on the velvet curtain that separated Max For restera sleeping apartrgent. No face peered forth from them; lHe was safe enough from that quarter. None of the servants were likely to be prowling about at that hour. Very intently he listened. Was it only his fancy,, oir was the sound repeated again 1 So like a hushed moan of terrible. pain, and a sift, rustling swish, as of some thing being dragged over the velvet car pet-nearer, nearer. "'What a fool I am to imagine such nonsense I" be muttered, turnin~g'tqthe windoui to throw it open" witfl nioigand holding the package of niotes in the other; but again he paused, listening ih-" tently. The strange sound was more distinet. He could feel, intuitively, another's pres ence in the room. Leaving the midnight intruder in this position for a few moments, we will return to Inez Clavering, whom we left lying unconscious in the dim shadow of the trees. For long hours she lay there, with the night dew falling on her face and on her long dark curling hair. Then' slowly the' bewildered eyes opened. " Where am' I l" How came I here ? And what is the matter with me?" she moaned, pressing her hands to her throb bing temples. Likea flash, suspended memory re turned to her, and all that had happened forced its way through her bewildered brain. How long had she been there uncon. scionus Was it midnight yet? Had 'Livingston come, and, not finding her there, put his terrible threat -into exe cution ?. As these thoughts flashed through her brain the clock in the adjacent steeple struck "one." With a desperate cry, shoe tried to raise herself to her feet, but the excruciat ing pain of the effect almost made her "I will retrieve the past by at least one good action," she murmured, trying to drag herself toward the house. Onlylleaven knew ho waheaccomplished it, the pain was so intense. Only the sup= pressed moans that came front the white lips now and then releared her terrible egony. \With bated breath she crept past the library, across the lun, dim corridors, to the root,, where little Flu lay, dreaming in all her childish innocenee upon her little white bed. Striving with mighty effort to over come the swooning dizzinese that tlreat ened to. overcome hb? atop b stai?an ltis I'-?t. hrho , m?oonlit, to the door of the little parlor bleyond which com municated with Max Forrester 's apart metLs. She meant to knoek upon it, arouse him. and warn himt of the attempt at rubbery which was to be made that night. As she touched the door, toher terrorand dismay it yielded to the slight pressure. He muit have been there before her, Great God ! had the robberyalready taken place l As shie crossed the threshold a sight met her gaze that froze the bludxl in her viens, and made her heart stop. almost beating. She saw the safe door standing open and the figuro of a nlan kneeling before it. The light friitn a chink in tihe dark lan. tern fell upon his hands, and in one of them si e saw a largi. package: of bat.k-notes fmax F,trrest:.r hiad but that daiydrawn from the ltank .,f England. Site tried to scrnienil out-to utter awild, piercing cry, but the sound died away in her throat. Site clung to the casement, her strang ling breath coming and going in fitful gasps. A desperate resolution came to .her. The power of speech seemedto have left her, but she would make her way to where the man stood and grapple with him.. The noise of the scruflo would arouse fax Forrester, and site might pre vent the robbery at the last moment, per haps. Slowly she dropped on her knees, drag ging iherself slowly, wsftly, despite her horrible pain,toward the nmata kneeling be fore the safe. One moment more, auat she would be so near hhn she could clutch the hand that held the notes : then nothing but death should break her hold. CHAPTER XXXVIII. I HAVE GIVE?N MY LIFE TiAT YOU MIGHTn en erasen."" :. ' " It mnsthare been oily fasncy ''.liiut. teredLivingetp ohioanrsel~yr Thtr"lisic'a nne here.' 2 The words were carcely uttired ere a hand,. ild sns 'death. grasped. him. and a piercilng cry echoed through the rooml.' . . He started back with a terrible in. preltion, aid attemipted Io lspring thrnougl the op.'n window out into the halcony, but the hand hIld hint fast. In grappling, with his 'adversary1 lie found, to his iainmzeltent, it iras a woman: and with a cry broke fromi herlipis, hehIal instantly rocognised Inez Clavrerita' voice. ' - " Sd it is you wio hare betrayedme I" he hinssed draying her frantic:lily by main force to the open window, and row-. ing he would fling her thought it. 'Drop thie money," she gasped, " the, I will let go tny hold-never until then. even though you killid me!" 'You fil. you will hare your destr. upon your own head !" he cried, strikieg the white arms a terrible, blow; "but you will hat,' It so!" (Concluded next io.sul I. I 