LUCINDA SHARPE ON DEEMING. Perhaps if I'd been hit on the back hair with a tomahawk and embalmed in the wrong sort of lime under a hearthstone I might feel differently about this Deeming, Swanston, Williams, or whatever his name is, but I don't think I should. I'd sooner be Abel than Cain any day in the week and so would ninety-nine out of the hun- dred very first people you meet in the street. For if you're Abel and the deed's done and you're safely tucked in your little bed, what is it to mind about ? We've all got to die some day and it's much the pleasantest to die without the fear of a wicked past-raising nightmares in your sleep. But Cain! Isn't he the miserable man, the unhappy man ? Don't you think he is to be pitied and sorrowed for? Now, don't throw this down in silly impatience, without having thought about it, 'cause you see it was because Cain didn't think that he became Cain, or couldn't think which is just the same. What was Cain, anyway? He didn't make himself ; he was made just as he was. Perhaps his mother was unhappy or per- haps his father had got drunk and things went from bad to worse all his life until he killed his brother. So with this Deeming, it seems to me. He has not had a chance, and has killed, and we needn't wrap our- selves in our righteousness because if we were he should have done just exactly the same. Does it never strike you that this Wind- sor murder case fascinates us so because it has about it the flavour of our whole social life and because we see in Deeming only a type of the wicked selfishness which rules society? We can pose all we like but the first commandment as read nowa- days is "Get money; honestly if you can, but get money. And the second commandment is : "Satisfy your lusts, honestly if you can, but satisfy them any way." And the third commandment is like unto the other two, don't you know ; "Take care of yourself and let everybody else slide." That is just exactly what the world teaches and this poor fellow-creature has had the world's teachings soaking into his brain until they have driven him mad. Don't tell me that Deeming isn't mad! If he isn't, then we all ought to march straight down to the nearest waterhole and drown ourselves. He must be mad. No sane man would do the things that he has done with the ferocity of a maniac and the cunning of a gibbering ape. A man doesn't have to be idiotic to be insane. I recollect a novel of Grant Allen's where it was laid down that insanity was nothing in the world but perpetual thinking of one's self, a sort of making one's self the hub of the universe, you know, instead of recollecting always you're only a tiny fly on the rim of the tire. And doesn't everybody agree that Deeming always thought himself the hub of the universe? Why, the police "blow" he'd indulged in. Poor boasting wretch! I'm sure I don't know who're the maddest, he or the women who're jumping up everywhere claiming to be married to him. He's only the mad result of our wicked- ness, I think, the warning to us of what we're coming to if we go on and don't change a little. Anything to get money : robbery, swindling, embezzling, insol- vency, bigamy, murder. He didn't start all at one any more than we do. Little by little, step by step, he went down and down, till a man who used to be kind- hearted became a regular Henry the Eighth, and a once hard-working trades man became a professional criminal. If he's been a king I suppose he'd have founded a church and blossomed out as a Defender of the Faith, by the Grace of God, &c.; As he's only a plumber they'll hang him for sure. And both ways of treating such people are just about as ridiculous, I think. Killing a man never made life sacred yet, and as for the punishment of it, what punishment can be worse than to be tormented by the soul inside, for even Deeming has a soul, my Christian friend, and has human desires and human in stincts playing hide and seek with his madness? He is afraid to be alone, shrink- ing with horror from himself, driven nearly frantic by the ghosts of the dead, I tell you. And if you don't believe me, listen and I'll show you. Was he a marrying man before he com- mitted the English murders? Not much. He wasn't quite so foolish. He was a swindler, a thief, all that if you like, but he doesn't go round the, world marrying until he tries that as a new way of plunder- ing. That brings his wife down on him, of course. She'd followed him round the world, clung to him through thick and thin, but she won't stand any other women business and they quarrel till the madness breaks out against her. She is killed and safely cemented under the floor but she gets up at night and comes to the bedside with her children. Can't you imagine it? He can't endure it. He must have some- body with him at night, somebody who is tied to him— and he marries again. But you see he marries under the pretence of being a wealthy Australian and has to bring his bride out to land where she'll soon discover that he's a pretender — and ther's the ghastly room at Rainhill and he fears suspicion as the prelude to the gal- lows. So, mad with fear and terror and irritated into hate, he kills again, in the very same way. Then the ghosts rise again, another ghost added, for ghosts can cross seas and break through hearth- stones and even on the coasting boat they chase him and he tries frantically to get married again. He pretends to be rich and finds a woman in Australia as ready to sell herself as he found his last victim in England. But he can't wait patiently for his new wife to come and lay the ghosts of the old wives for him. "Marry me! marry me!" is his cry to every woman he comes across. Wasn't he haunted ! Wasn't he mad? But whether he's mad or not, there's one thing I do think a disgrace to us all and that is the way he has been treated. He may be guilty, and probably is, but in law he's innocent, and those in charge of him had no more right to exhibit him like a wild beast than they've got a right to drag me into a circus side show and exhibit me. While as for the people who tumbled over one another to have a look at him, they were just the same sort of people as breed Deemings, of that I'm sure. The horrible curiosity, with its heartlessness and shame- lessness is own cousin to the crime it's so curious about. That is the shocking part of the Deeming case to me. But there, it's all shocking. The Premier, Clerk of Parliament, &c;, go "to inspect" the gaol the day after Deeming is safely locked up — and they know how often these people have "inspected" such placed before. The hyprocrites! They went to satisfy their depraved appetites and to gloat upon this "monster" who roused some answering chord within their own hearts. A man who could buy so many women with empty words and could riot through the world without working and could crush down all human hungerings that stood between him and his appetites was to them as fascinating as all great criminals are to the brutal nature which our brutal way of living calls to life within us. They admired him, I tell you. It is a shameful thing to say, but it is so, it is so. They admired him when they thought to go down on their knees and have a good cry for a fellow-man brought to such a pass. For he is such a pitiful one and we are all just as pitiful ones who can's see it. So those can rave against him who like. I won't. For that the sinner is the most sinned against in the firm belief of LUCINDA SHARPE. UNITED States House of Representa- tives has passed a bill absolutely blocking the Chinese. STAFFORDSHIRE pottery owners threa- ten to lock out and starve into submission 15,000 operatives. A MOTION in favour of a Department of Labour has been tabled in the British House of Commons. CABLEGRAMMER says the Newcastle and Hartlepool colliery strike is on the eve of collapse ; 20 per cent redaction threatened. AN average of 89 tours a week is the time put in by shop assistants in the " greatest city in the world." SOME Spanish anarchists have been ar- rested on a charge of Guy Fawkesing the Chamber of Deputies. More tank-poison ing, probably. THE British cotton masters' "ring" threatens to close next week mills con- taining eighteen million spindles. Object to starve the spinners into a humble frame of mind. THE trial of the Walsall (Eng.) anar- chists has resulted in the acquittal of five of the accused and sentences of ten and five years on others. The informer said the bombs were manufactured for export to Russia. THE third annual meeting of the "Rural Labourers" League has been held in London, presided over by Joseph Chamberlain and addressed by the Duke of Devonshire. Such a meeting is best illustrated by a meeting of free labourers with Griffith in the chair. THE big engineers' strike on the Tyne and Wear is still on. Arbitration was asked for. With what success every unionionist can imagine who remembers A.L.F. were defeated by the employers during the late strike. RAVACHOL is the name of a physical force anarchist who has been arrested in Paris for doing on his own account what governments, with field marshals, generals and privates, do with considerable glory, expense and human suffering. "Man versus the State" even S. W. Brooks wouldn't back in a case like this. IN the face of the coalition of the Euro- pean governments against political refu- gees, the Executive Committee of the Socialist Party is demanding the referen- dum, or vote of the people, on the new law of extradition. The law as framed would land over Garribaldis and Mazzinis to any tyranny that demanded them. Griffith appears to be feeling his position so acutely that even the Labour Party feel sorry for him. Two years ago he sat in the House like a Sphynx, the most self controlled man in the chamber, often not moving a muscle for hours. Now, he cannot stay still for a minute. He twists and squirms perpetually on his seat, gets up and goes outside, comes back, goes to the table and writes, gets up suddenly and out again, comes back, sits, stands, sits somewhere else, crosses his legs, uncrosses them— in short, is possessed by a veritable demon of Unrest. Even his most intimate friends whisper among themselves that he is ageing rapidly and breaking down. THE Review of Reviews gives the follow- ing summary of American labour legis- lation during 1891 : The weakly payment of wages is now required of corporations in Illinois and Rhode Island. No exception is made in favour of railroads, as in New York. In California, the payments may be either weekly or monthly, in Indiana and Ohio they must be at least once every two weeks, while in Missouri and Wyoming the semi- monthly rule is applied only to miners. In New Jersey, corporations are forbidden to keep back wages on the pretence of relief or assistance to the employé. Illinois and Washington abolish the "truck" system of wage-payments (i.e., pay- ment otherwise than in money), and in Pennsly- vania all mining and manufacturing corpora- tions are denied the privilege of keeping general supply stores, The Nebraska eight-hour law — by far the most sweeping measure of the kind ever passed —applies to all mechanics, servants and labourers, except those engaged in farms or domestic labour. Wyoming makes eight hours constitute the coal miner's day, while Idaho and Kansas extend it to labourers on state and municipal works (as in New York). The number of hours of consecutive service permitted railway employés is reduced from the Ohio maximum of twenty-four to twenty in Minnesota and eighteen in Colerado. A Texas statute defines vice-principals and fellow- servants, and declares that no contract limiting the employers' liability for injury to the employé is valid. The child labour laws of Illinois and Wiscon- sin embody no new features. Michigan refuses to grant licenses to newsboys and boot-blacks who have not attended school at least four months in the preceding year. Oregon's anti-bycott and Pennsylvania's strike law are worthy of notice. The former makes threats and violence penal offences, while the latter makes lawful the employe's refusal to work when wages are insufficient, or when continued labour would be contrary to the rules of his onion or association, provided such rules are not in conflict with the constitution of the State or of the United States. California is the last State to establish a board of arbitration for the settlement of labour differences. The extent of the opposition to the employ- ment of "Pinkerton men," or any armed bodies of detectives from a distance, in labour difficul- ties, is shown by the passage of laws disqualify- ing all non-residents from service as deputy- sheriffs or other peace officers. Such laws have been passed this year in Arkansas, Colorado, Idaho, Minnesota, Wyoming and New Mexico Territory. la anticipating the municipal ownership of quasi-public works, no State is in advance of California, where a law of last winter confers on cities the power to own and operate street rail- ways, telephone and telegraph lines, gas and electric light works, public libraries, museums, gymnasiums and baths. In Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Pennsylvania and Tennes- see, the absorption of gas and electric light plants by the local governments is sanctioned, and the necessary indebtedness legalised. 