The Blotting Pad. Though Bujr time* We've juried Ajtam To tain TOOT mirth and bughfer, life's not «II cmiim, And fortune's wilea Oft letd to weeping «iter ; The elok, who a< A friend indeed To leuen all their sorrow, Will wûh new Joy A? i we who rest With hetlth etUl blest- Without assistance seeding— With feelings stirred A volte have heanl For others troubles pleadtog ; Tbe real friend WQL first? lend Aid he asy 01» day bom?*, And peace enjoy— AJ will eaoh boy Who wean his «ash to morrow. We know who aaid Those wanting aid Would be with ut fore*er— " Aid them," aaid He, " Tis done to Me "— And tb forgotten nerer ; Let vnry to&n; Do all he can T' lessen boman sorrow ; Hay cares annoy lio worthy boy Who wesn hia aaih to Although the Hospital Parade of Sandaj is nominally that of GranviUe, it ia to be hoped the ranka of tbe brethren of every Order represented will be swelled by membara of tbe —io moat castf—stronger branches of Parramatta. Tbe history of inch efforts proves tbat aJtood procession goes far towards making tbe effort successfnl. It wxcites Attention, arooaes Interest, aod assists in getting people to throw off in doles ce, and roił op to tbe united service. The speakers there may be left to tbe work of iodaoing people to contribute» but it it quite certain that their eloquence will hare no effect on those who do not hear it. Besides tbia there ought to be t*prit it turpi enotzgh amoog members of the varions benefit societies to induce every one of them to feel bound to see to it that his Order shows well as compared with the vest. These sooieliee are among the most gratifying prodootioDs of tbe fast dotiag cmtury, aod they never show to more advantage than when proving that the charity which has brought them ail into existence, though it begins at home does not stay there. And, talkiog of Granville, it will be remem, be red that next week candidates bave to bo nominated to fili the seat from whioh lir. J. Bennett was put reosntly in accordance with the law relating to fion-atte&daoo;» at Council meetings. We have not heard whether Mr. Bennett intends coming forward again, bnt he will poU well if he does, fie had seretal tries before lie got ia tbe fint time, and is not a nan to be easily bluffed. It U openly stated that at least two other ratepayers are on the warpath. One ia Mr. 44 Harry " Lane, an old and popular resiisofe ; aod the other Mr. Cunningham, also possessed of many friends. By the way, it was the letter who endeavoured to have last yaar'a Hospital Sooday made a Saturday of, ana tag* gneted that ministers be dispensed with at the service. Be wat only anticipating events sràoe, down Ash field wsy, the pareooa all struck, and dispensed with themselves. Anyway, Mr. Cunningham had tbe oourage of his opinions. • e • There Is legitimate ground for oomplaint against the Gummiatłonera, or whatever they are called, who arrange the comet's tin>e*tab)e. It was flist announced as due at tbe terrestrial station last Monday week, but subeequbntly, owiog to eooe back-door iofluence on the part of the-reaidenta of Jupiter, ile arrival wu postponed' tUl Ust Monday. And now the latest information (a to the effect that it ia still somewhere on tbe line on this side the Andromeda platform. We respectfully esbtait that.thlc {g playing it low down on those whoee business arrangements are effeotod by the delay. Cf oourae, any layman who dares to oritidae the transit or traffic arrangements ia oertaiu of beine snubbed, but, despite the possibility, we are bound to point out the danger that must result from this want of punctuality. In a gereral wsy, the planetary system works, as we all know, with tbe regularity of clockwork. To this alone can be attributed the freedom from accident which is justly Ute pridft of- the semoe» Bnt if these epeoiats are to be allowed to oome blundering along at times not set down for them there will, sooner or later, be a aeoeational catastrophe, and cause for a starching inquiry. Any mention of the sky ia just now distasteful to our own Comosispionera, but their best friends bava latterly been looking skyward for aa explanation. One sees funny things in advertisements, even in newspapers, sometimes, but for pure, unadulterated comicality ooe needs to study those often ranged round programmeai handbills, and the like, -as a means oT defraying, some portion of the coat of their printing. One issued this week bears an announcement of a oertain butcher, which eods with the line 41 All freetrade aod temperance meat-" This may be humor, of course, bot it is oot ao labelled. If meant as earnest, what does it mean P Doua the knight of tbe cleaver refuse to take the money of those who have foteworu Oobdeo and all his works, and deoy tbe run of bis shop to those who look upon tbe wine when itieany pu-ticoler color P Ooe can of coarse understand that the beef was produced in aocordanoe with temperaaeepriDOiples, aince all neat cattle are, we believe, staunch teetotallers. But their fiscal principles have never before been insisted upoa. If tbe announcement is only meant to oonvey that the vendor is an abstainer, and prefers foreign made goods, it is going a long way round to tell tbe {ocal world what it probably does not care two straws about knowing, and without any stretch of imagination it may be taken as an insult to follow-ci tisens who hold different views from their butoher. Such cumbersome fooling u more likely to act iu tbe direction of reatrictiog trade than any other. W« incline to the belief that it ia an attempt to be funny. And it is hard to be funny at times. We know ibat. • • • Tbe refusal of the Minister of Justice to interfere in the caee of the Port Glasgow "mutineers," though powibîy technically in accordance with law baa lost bim an opportunity. There was at least prima farie evidence ot a miscarriage of justice before him, and that such a captain could suooeed in a och an aotion shows that aomethiog it wrong some where. The men have bera teken baok to the vessel by tbe captain, but ere really aa much in custody as ever, the only difference being that tbey oow have their accuser as their gaoler. Pending tbe coming esqsiry it would sot he wite to say much as to the merits of tbe case, though it is clear justice has not been dooe. If the men did what they are charged with, they ought to be at hard labor. If on tbe other band the case ia as tbey say, the master of the rease) ought to try eome other occupation. The days when eea captaina oould act as some of thoee of Clark Russell do ought surely to be over. At ail events 4te in Australia ought not to asai at in perpetuating them. Tbe newly-discovered method of peering into lotunty which haa given- u» books like "Looking Backward,*''*Looking Forward," 4 1 CœiarV Column," and the like, is tery useful, and we at lim«s use the apparatus. We were re* cently enabled by it to oonsults dictionary of derivations published, or to bepobUehed, about the L692, and found tome diverting reading, colloquial expresiion or expletive ** Great Scott " waa—or will be-still in oommon use, and it* derivation is given as follows:—" This expression is not, as was formerly supposed, a corruption or softened form of a profane expletive, but is derived from tbe name of an ex* ceedinglv pompous official who at one time upheld the «aval .power-of Oreat Britain in the aoutbern hemisphere. So inflated was his style, andeo tenacious waa ha of J^afenonal dignity, thatliie neeMoame toJto tabm aa k synonym lor fcttmpttaosusu. Hanoi ' * Great 6oott ' oasae to be nsed much it the same way es 'Julius Gitmr's Ghost/ 'Hairy Parkes!' and other mere or leas vulgar expletives, all of a somewhat similar character. The Neo- Asstraliac tongue if rich ia similar per pel us ' tioos of pionee**' patronymics. Our familiar title of 'Charlie/ as applied to mayors of towns, is connected with u civic dignitary who secured perennial re.eleclion to the chief ma> giitraoy ot Parramatta^ (q,».j" And from a Scott we hare come ;to a Smith ! This Smith business i' getting overdone. It is true we nevsr had a Ministry like that in Victoria, which contained four Smiths and two Joneses. Oar Joneses, by the way, get die* tinguisbed in another fashion. Bat we have bad Governor Smith, and Primate Smith, and now an Admiral Smith- Probably we may never see s Oardioal Smith, but A Premier Smith is OD the cards. Oi course the gubernatorial Smith called himstlf Gamugton, aod Episcopal Smith writes his name with "Saumarez " as a prefix. Naval Smith, we note, hypbeos 4< Bowden " in front in the same way. These people always remind us of our old friend TeDuyson 6milh, the journalist on the Sydoey press of years gone by, who now carries on the same old game over a border (never mind which.) They used to say of him that his n nine differed from his poetry, ioasmuch aa in the former there was more Tenoyeon than Smith, aod in tbe latter toore Smith thio Teonyson. And vet sfter all there is more excuse for these hyphened prefixes than for the almost obsolete lengthening of the euphonious monosyllable into "8mythe." That went out in the colonies when "B. Brough Smyth," ia tbe witness box, owned that his name when he landed in Melbourne was Bobert Smith toi't lourt. 