THE STORY-TELLER. SCENES FROM LIFE'S STAGE. TEN ORIGINAL STORIES, . By Sir Gilbert E. Campbell, Bart. Author of " Detective Stories from Real Life, "The Avenging Hand,"' "The Mystery of Mandeville Square,'' &c.; THE MAJOR'S BUNGALOW. Some three miles from the thriving town of SlowoheBter stood a house wbioh differed very widely from those in its immediate vicinity, and indeed from any other in the neighbour hoodT lt was a one-storied, whitewashed, building, surmounted by a pyramidal-shaped roof of-thatoh, the eaves of whioh came down to within eight feet of the ground, after the manner of Anglo-Indian residences. The building was raised on a platform some four feet in height^ which was approaohed on four sides by flights of steps, and a wide verandah ran all round the building. Had it not been for the smiling English landscape whioh was visible on all sideB, and the absence of torrid sun and bot winds, the spectator might have imagined that he bad been transported suddenly to the far East and was standing in front of one of the residences termed "bungalows," and in the latter part of his surmise he would not have been far wrong, j for the strange looking dwelling had been ereoted by a retired Major of the H.E.I.O.S., who had declared that if he must end his days in England he would do so in a house erected after the fashion of that in which he bad spent the best years of bis life. In addition to the various large and small rooms, all on the same floor, the Major bad caused a series of underground chambers to be constructed, known in Indian parlance as "Tykhana," and UBed as refuges from the heat, though of what use they could be in the climate of Great Britain it would be hard to imagine. ■ As soon as the building was completed Major Strabgeways took up his ahode in it, and, after a spasmodic plunge into society, led a morose ana solitary life. The fact was that the Major, in addition to his militaty rank, had held the < post of Political Agent at the Court of a native ' Rajah, and had been suoh an excessively great man there that he could not understand why everybody in the oountry did not bow down to him, As he was of a touchy and quarrelsome disposition, he soon found what he considered legitimate oause of grievanoe against some of the county families, and after muoh acri monious correspondence and a proposal for a hostile meeting in Calais Sands with the Duke of FalcontowerS (which His Graoe deolined), the Major in high dudgeon shut up the bungalow and returned to town, resolving that he would never eeb foot in Slowchester or the neighbour hood again. Home months alter the negira ot major Strangeways, tbe London polioe were muob puzzled by tbe skill and daring of a gang of coiners the members of whioh appeared to defy detection. Hot only was their spurious money of suob excellent make as to impose upon the most praotised experts, but it was ottered in suoh a judioious manner that the worthlessness of the coin was seldom detected until it bad passed through various hands, rendering recognition of the original holder almost an impossibility. Heavy rewards were offered by the authorities, and the beat known and most skilled detectives set to work, but the coiners still remained at large, and as undis ooverable as the philosopher's stone on the Land of Eldorado. Some six months had elapsed since the Major bad metaphorically shaken the dust of Slowoheeter from his shoes when, to the sur prise of itB inhabitants, he suddenly made his reappearance in that town, and this time nob alone, but accompanied by a young and pretty woman some four-and-tnirty years his junior, whom he addressed as Mrs. Strangeways. After a short sojourn at one of the principal hotels in the town, the Major.and his spouse took up their quarters in the bungalow. And now a freBh and a very uncomfortable §hase appeared in the Major's life. Mrs. trangeways, being young and fond of plea sure, was naturally a good deal chagrined at finding that ber husband's quarrelsome dispo sition bad debarred her from the enjoyment of the balls, oonoerts, and dinner parties with which the inhabitants of Slowchester and its environs were accustomed to reoruit them selves, and spoke her mind pretty freely to her husband on the subject. The servants—-those unlicensed purveyors of soandal, and the scource from which so many sooiety papers draw their revelations as to the doings of the fashionable world—reported terrible scenes of reoriminabion between the huBband and the wife, he alleging that she had married him entirely for his money, and she asserting that she had not entered into the bonds of wedlook for tbe purpose of being buried alive in a heathenish house with a quarrelsome old man. " At any rate," said the irate lady, " if I can see no one else, I presume I may have some of my own relations down to visit me ?" "No, you may not, madam," snapped cue Major. It was a part of the bargain when I married you that, you were to out yourself adrift from all that low orew, who were utterly unfit to asaooiate with an officer and a gentle man, who has had the honour to hold the post of Political Keeident at the Court of the Rajah of Nawaballagange." " Why, according to your own Bhowing, no oneBeems fit to associate with you," sneered the lady. "It seemB tome as if people had the same idea about you, and I am not oertain that they are far wrong; at any rate, I am not going to be mewed up in this dull hole, and if I [can't have pa and ma down to see me, I suppose that there will be no objeotion to brother Will; everybody says that he is quite the gentleman." "Quitethe gentleman," snarled the Major. A fellow with the look of a bully, the manners of a prizefighter, and the language of stout. No, thank < you, madam, no brother Will for me." " You weazened old humbug," retorted the lady.plaoing her arms akimbo, "you would be glaa enough to be a fine young fellow like Will; but you was not anything but a beggarly Bwaady, all red cloth and pipeclay; and only a Bham one at that, for as I find you never were in the regular army after all." ThiB waa too muoh for the Major's patienoe. He had great faith, in' corporal punishment, and making for a favourite bamboo whioh stood in the corner of the room, and with whioh (he had ohastised many peccant kbit maghars, Syoes, and bearers, he prooeeded to .ayit over hie wife's shoulders. The lady, however,' was not disposed to sub mit tamely to marital discipline, and as this altercation had taken place at the breakfast liable, the Major, after a deluge of scalding tea, was compelled to beat a retreat, followed by a well-sustained fire of buttered muffins, rumbled eggs, and fried baoon. Mrs. Strangeways had achieved a decided victory, and the Major never afterwards attempted manual oorreotion, contenting him self with violent objurgations, accompanied by torrents of abuse in Hindustani. Even brother Will was permitted to pay a visit, and in due time , he arrived, a swagger ing, bull-neoked <youhg manr evidently pos sessed of great strength,, and- of a oast of features seldom seen ontside of one of Her Majesty's HouseBofD&tention;, In his own way he tried ho be. oivil to the govbor, as 'he invariably.'termed the Major, -bat .the ex> Friitical Resident would .have pone of his advances, and so the .visitor, cursing his host for avtudk-tip old dog, subsided into his Sister's society. '': _ - ■ • i.'I'Aid yon [think that therewould be no ohanoe of persnading the old bloke, Sue I" asked brother William, as he was seated in the verandah smoking a long clay pipe, and drink ing: gin and water. Jot an atom," answered the lady, deci dedly. "He would be the first to hand you over to the gents in blue." "It's an infernal pity," returned brother Will, in musingaooents. "The orib is built as if he had the business in his mind, and more, that people in town are getting so mighty in quisitive. The plant ■ would thrive well in country air." "Well, there's no use in thinking of it," answered the lady, taking a hearty sip of her brother's refreshment, "at least, as long as he is alive, and how long his inside will last with all those burning things he takes, is more than I can say. 'Chellys,' he calls 'em. ' Hot unB', says 1, if you ask me." "As"long as he is alive," repeated Will, thoughtfully, "then it isn't y you as has any objection?" "Not I," returned Mrs. Strangeways, "do you think that if I was a widow with plenty of oof, I'd stay down here; no, in such a case London for me, my lad." " Here come out into the grounds, and let's have a talk, Sue," said her brother. "No one knows who is around the corner a listening in this thundering verandy." Mrs. Strangeways complied, and for nearly half an hour brother and sister paoed up and down engaged in earnest conversation. The next day Brother Will, alleging that he had to attend a race meeting, took his leave, and the Strangeways were left to enjoy their connubial happiness undisturbed. Two dayBaftenvards every available apot in Slowohester waa placarded with bills an nouncing the arrival of Hermann TriB megifltera, the wonderful Magician of the Four Winds. Mrs. Strangeways declared her intention of being present at what the magician modestly declared to be his "Un paralleled Scene of Preternatural Delusions." "Pooh, pooh," remarked the Major, "the fellow is a humbug. You should see some of our Indian jugglers, Mrs. Strangeways. I wouldn't stir a step to see the fellow." "So I supposed," answered his wife, placidly," and therefore yon oan stay at home, and ake care of the house. I am going to take all the servants, and as the nobs don't think me good enough to assooiate with, I have seoured the two rows of front seats, and have given the tickets to all the loafers in the town. I'll make the swells sit up a bit, you bet." Major Strangeways was seoretly delighted at this snub to the Slowchester aristooraoy, but he felt it his bounden duty to grumble at being left at home, to which, however, his wife paid no heed. The performance was a long one, and when Mrs. Strangeways, at the head of her establish ment, returned home, a terrible surprise awaited her, for swinging from the rafters of the verandah of the bungalow was the body of Major Strangeways, hanged by the neok, and as dead as the late Rajah over whom he had exercised surveillance in a politioal capacity. Of course, the female servants Bhrieked, the male stared, and the bereaved wife thought it necessary to go into a fit of tearing hysterics, destroying everything which came within her reach. The polioe and medioal assistance arrived in due course, and when the Major was cut down the two men who were supporting the body were almost prostrated by the enor mous weight of the corpse. An examination of the clothes of the de ceased, however, showed that every pocket was filled with coin; and that a handkerchief, heavily weighted with four and five shilling pieces, was fastened round the waist. At first it waB surmised that the Major had thus loaded himself with silver ooinage in order to make his death immediate; but when every one of the pieces of money was discovered to be base metal, and of the same manufacture as had puzzled the heads of the Scotland Yard authorities, the county police began to open their eyes very wide indeed. Further enquiry showed that during the Major's visit to town after his quarrel With the neighbours, he had gone down to the dockB to see the last of some old friends who were about to sail for the land of the Pagoda-tree; and that in Jamaica-road he had been seriously smitten by the oharms of a buxom damsel who was walking swiftly along. "No fool like the old fool," as the saying goes, and so the amorous Major stalked his quarry to a low beershop kept by the father of the charmer. Explanations ensued, and after a very brief delay the Major found himself married de cidedly in haste, and left to repent very much at hie leisure. Curiously enough the beerhouse from whioh the Major had taken his bride had, from various suspicious circumstances, been etriotly watched by the police when on the lookout for the coiners, bnt the proprietor was a wary old bird, upon whose tail the detectives had been unable to Bprinkle one grain of salt. The rural -police were now quite satisfied; the Major's capital had set the spurious mint to work, and after amassing a gigantio fortune, remose had overtaken him, and he had hung himself with such of his base metal as he had been unable to dispose of stowed away about his person. This view was generally adopted by the county. The Coroner's Jury returned -a verdict of "Suicide whilst labouring under temporary insanity," and as soon as the funeral obsequies were over the widow re turned to London and began to enjoy herself thoroughly after her own fashion. There was one person, however, who, in his own mind,- declined to aooept the explanation, and that was a deteotive of the name of Bensbaw, who bad been one of those engaged in the unsuccessful attempt to hunt down the coiners. On the news of the tragio occurrence he had harried down to Slowchester and made a minute examination of the soene of the sad oocurrenoe. He found that before going out and hanging himself the Major had been recruiting nature with a glass of brandy and water—brandy pant, - as ne would doubtless have termed it— for an empty tumbler and uncorked bottle of brandy, and a glass jug, containing water, were standing upon the table in a room close to the spot where the Major had made his exit from this world of trouble. He must have then either fallen backwards heavily or else dashed his chair upon the ground with Buoh violence as to break the back, and then, doubtless enraged at this occurrence, and have a nice ooil of greased rope handy, an article no gentleman is ever without, gone out into the verandah and hanged himself. "And," mused the detective, "hanged him self in the rummest manner I ever saw. How he managed, being a short man of 4 ft. 9 in., to get the rope over the rafter so as to fasten the other end to one of the pillars of the verandah, is more than I can tell, but we will let that pass for the time. ..When he was found bis feet were some 4 ft. from the ground, and as there was no ohair, stool, ortable near, he jinuBt bave made a shot at the noose, and with all that weight bf .pewter round him, bave jumped' hiB neok dean into the loop and done the triok. It won't wash, Tom Renahaw, it won't wash, and so it's no good saying that it will." The result of Ins oogitation was that Tom Bensbaw had an interview with the Corc^-er, and pointed put. to him that if these points were made public, the criminal, supposing that the Major had not oome to his . death by fair ineans, would be on the alert, and most likely baffle the police. The Coroner agreed to take this view of the matter, and several important points were not brought before the Jury, though a poSfe-mortem examination of the body was made byainedioal man, to whom the bottle of brandy found upon the table waB handed over. Until the departure of the widow, Renshaw pervaded the neighbourhood, but with no re sult, and for three weeks he appeared to take no further notioe of the matter. One day he returned to hiB lodgings after having been summoned to a consultation with one of Lis superiors in the Yard, and lighting his pipe, began, as was his custom, to soliliquise. " And bo our friends the emashers have started a new game, and are taking in the money changers, with the best imitation of the Napo leon I have ever seen," added he, glancing at the shining coin in his hand. "The police bave found the ken where they are manufac tured, but the birds had all flown, and there wasn't a single piece of duffing make left be hind. I believe firmly that fellow Will is in it, brother of her that married the poor old Major. He ain't in town, and hanged if I haven't my own thoughts as to where the stuff may have been planted for safety's sake.. Any how, I'll risk it. Having come, to this determination, Tom RenBhaw examined the oontents of a Gladstone bag with great oare, and then having seen that a small deal case was perfeotly secure, took the train, and in the course of three hours was safely deposited at the Slowohester Scation. Tom RenBhaw appeared to take matters very easily. He partook of the best dinner which the modest hostelry at which he had put up could Bupply, and then descending to the tap, lit his pipe, and listened to the con versation which was going on around him. The matter whioh was DBing discussed with such vehemence evidently had relation to the existence or non-exiBtence of ghosts, and the believer in the supernatural bad just put for ward what he evidently considered a clinching argument. "Well, if thee doesn't believe in 'urn, jeBtlet thee come along with me to the old Major's bungalow, as he called it, and if thee doesn't see the old man banging himself, I'm a 3>utoh man, and I can't say no fairer than that." " Perhaps you'll say you saw it yourself," re torted his opponent, with a sneer. "That's jest wot I did, "answered the other; "now, will thee come along of I, and get con vinced ?" " Not I," returned the other, " not that I believe in the rubbish, or am a bit afraid— but" " He doan't believe, gentlemen, and he ain't afraid," broke in the first speaker, with withering sarcasm, "but for all that, he'd be danged afore he'd come." The conversation threatened to take rather an acrimonious turn, and RenBhaw hastened to interfere, and by dint of supplying beer to both disputants he contrived not only to make peaoe, but also to be put in possession of the faots, which were that the deceased Major had been seen by more than one person who had ventured near the deserted bungalow after night fall, walking up and down the verandah, with a rope in his hand, as if meditating suicide. The deteotive listened very attentively to the long rigmarole whioh waB poured into his ears, and after mentally separating the chaff from the wheat, astonished the company by abruptly wishing them "good-night," and retiring to bed. The next morning he rose with. the lark, and after paying his bill, made his way to the police station, carrying with him his small amount of luggage, not forgetting the deal box, whioh he handled with the greatest oare. After a long private conversation with the Inspector he remarked—"Then eleven o'clock to-night." "Yes," replied the offioial. "I and the other will meet you at the bridge over the Swirl." "You will do the thing all right, I know," observed Kensbaw; " but how about the%ther fellow? Some of these yokels are bo con foundedly stupid." "I am not going to take one of my men," returned the Inspector, " but my brother-in law. He has seen so much of the work that he is almost as good as a professional; besides, I will post him up." 4$ All mVli " nv 'All right," answered Renshaw, "then good-by, until eleven to-night." "Won't you come and have a bit of dinner with me?" suggested the Inspector, "the missis will have some boiled pork and greens ready at one." "No, thank you, replied Renshaw; "I shall devote to-day to pleasure, I think I will go over the county jail." That evening, at eleven o'clock, three men might have been Been orossing the fields which led to the house formerly occupied by the un fortunate Major. They did not venture into the open, but kept as muoh to the oover afforded by the hedgerows as they could, and by that means reached a small plantation which stood within a few yards of the bungalow. After a brief consultation two of the men stepped out into the bright moon light and walked leisurely towards the front of the house whikt the third orept quietly towards the back. The two men who had advanced towards i the front, suddenly stopped short, and raised their hands in the air with a gesture of intense horror, for, standing in the verandah-was a figure which might well have filled the stoutest heart with dread. It was that of a man dressed in an old-fashioned, brown f rook coat, a nankeen waistcoat, and Hessian boots, .suoh as the deceased builder of the bungalow had been in the habit of wearing. The face was white and colourless, and in its bands it had a noose with which it made sundry weird move ments, throwing it up into the air and catching it on its neck, then straining at it with both its hands, as though striving to tighten it round its throat. All at once another figure glided round the corner of the house, and took up its position immediately behind the appari tion wbioh had caused so much apparent alarm to the spectators. The seoond figure was dressed in the same manner as the f-«t, but the face was even more white and dead looking, and the eyes, which were sunk deep into their sockets, seemed to burn with a lambent fire. For a moment it stood motion less and then with a sudden movement grasped the rope, and drew the noose tightly round the neck of the first figure. With a Bharp cry the first apparition faced swiftly about, and found itself in extreme proximity to a fae simile of itself. With a wild shriek he fell to the ground, his limbs quivering, and the foam flying from his bps,' evidently stricken down by the extremity ot his terror. ' In a moment the spectators darted'forward and laid their, hands upon the straggling'mail. "Why, who are youf demanded, the In-1 spector playing the ghost, dressed up in the dead man's olothes. You will. have to give an account .of yourself over this, I oan proinise you." : ! Somewhat revived by the sound of a human voioe, the prostrate man opened hiseyes, but cloBea/them again with a faint ory as they fell upoh the'figure which had so' much alarmed him, standing motionless a'few yards off, with its arm raised in a gesture of menace.' "Save msii" cried the terror-stricken man. "There is the .Major's ghost,; he tried to tried to strangle me just now." "The Major's ghost!" repeated the Inspec tor's companion, looking round; " why, r can see nothing'of the sort." "Do you mean to say," demanded the terrified ghost-player, in quivering aooents, " that you do not see hit ghost standing there, ehaking his fist at me ?" "I see no ghoBt," returned the Inspector, stolidly. " Then I may as well give in," mattered the brother of the Major's widow. " See, there he goes," he added, as the figure glided out of eight behind the corner cf the house, " but he will come back, and I shall go mad if I see him again. Take him away; I killed the old man." "Remember, any statement you may make will be UBed against you," said the Inbpeotor. " I don't care; only don't let me see his white face any more," groaned the man; " take me off, and hang me out of the way." _ And then the terrified wretoh poured out his confession. He had long wanted the bunga low to cany on hie nefarious traffio, and find ing from his sister that his brother-in-law was impracticable on the matter, he had. deter mined to make away with him. On the night of Mrs. Strangeway's visit to the conjurer hO had stolen back and managed to drug the Major's brandy, and when the poor old man fell insensible from his chair had ruthlessly strung him up to the verandah, and left him to strangle slowly. Afterwards he played the ghost, so that the bungalow might have a bad name, and so that he might carry on the work undisturbed. He declared that his sister was perfeotly ignorant of the crime. Renshaw, as already stated, had entertained certain suspioions from the first, and had some eort of vague idea that the bungalow would be J made the head-quarters of the prime. In order to pursue his investigations with greater safety to himself, bo had determined to impersonate the Major's ghost, and in that end had had a complete suit made similar to that which the old man was in the habit of wearing. In addi tion to this, by the oonnivanoe of the doctor, a plaster cast bad been taken of the dead man's features, and it was thiB extraordinary resem blance to his viotim which had so terrified the murderer. Brother Will was hung upon his own con fession, but RenBhaw thought it best to keep in the background the fact that he had played the second ghost at the Major's bungalow. The End. 