PEEPS INTO PAPERS AND BOOKS. THE HARVEST OF A READER'S GLEANINGS. THB kind of appointment which nobody l&M; to tsre—n disappointment. Br taking revenge, a man is but even with Iih enemy; but in passing it over, he ie superior. We sec thousands tbat arc covetous where we find one that is economical. Satire is nn egly weapon in the worfcof reform. B tears asunder, it cauterises, it blisters. No one is really made belter by it. The one assailed, though be may fear the sting, will never be better through application, though be may eeem bo. A satirist li all tho time in boiling water. A Gekji4s " Voi.fNTEEE.''—There is no class military service in Germany which at all * ponds with volunteering in f&gland;, bat the of an article, " Eight Weeks' Service i German Anny," in Ten>]>!e liar, adopts the term designate the slightly privileged "one year service tneu. Ho was recently summoned from bis work, in l ji^land for his tain in the ranks, and 3 very rough time he seems to have had. His experience?, however, were not nil gloomy, and the following umj »>rve as an illuttration of t lie lighter parts of hit. B»dfcble paper: "At ten evei^body must be in their quarters, and go 10 bed or such eleepir-g accommodation as they hive got. In oneca^e 1 Lai nythinghot a sack of straw tofieep ttpjn : «itli 710pillow, nig*,or femthing tlse to lessen the inconrenierce. worst of it was that the tack far too thort for IIP-, and what with the discomfort of my conch and tlio closeness of the ^a-rct—it was over a stable, and contained five other men besides myself—I cxmldget no sleep at all, in spite of my fatigue. Oo tbe tliirdday, J the sergeant, wljuwa*«rarrgtiod friradof mine, * leave of absence, and X> coming in afttr"aB Use people were- in bed, and seeing bis bed emjAy, slipped/ . tnto it and slept soundly for once in a way. I *•» i - - awakened by the old woman to whom tbe house be'.ODged. She came in, saw me, and trent out at once, nicaning mischief I could see. A common soldier sleeping in her best bed ! The eer^eant shonld hear it. It seems absurd, but, as a matter of fact, there was every reason to suppose thut I might get info serious trouble if the matter ir,is reported. Fortunately, 1 tiiew tlie train by which the sergfaat was to arrire, ard went down to tLe station to meet him. With the aid of copions lihat ions of beer, I softened - to him tbe liberty 1 had taken, and to the great disappointment of our landlady, he took no notice of her report. ' The Government had hired her room," he said, ' why should he nd let any of his friends slpep in it who liked?" Just conceire tbe position. Inmgine yourself, my respectable English friend, down on your knees to a common sergeant, to escape tlie penalty for having dared to avail yourself of the ordinary means of sleeping provided for him. The discipline of the German aimy pushes the severity ot punishment into the most trivial details of military life. No one dare even lie awake anvwhere else than in the particular place to which he is appointed.™ Si-AjfiELS.—Under the modern conditions of both partridge and pheasant shooting, where dogs are not wanted to hunt but only to retrieve, spaniels have been gradually going out of fashion for field parposea. When ground game was killed in large quantities they were found to be hardly big enough or strong enough for a daj's cover-shooting, where they nould constantly hie called upon to cany hares for long distances through brambles and underwood. Hence the introduction of the large black retrievers now in vogue, and for cover- shooting as now pursued they are doubtless indispensable. But many people are still of opinion that for partridge-shootiog spaniels are preferable to retrievers. They are quicker, and, being entailer and lighter, make less noiso in the turnips, while if a wotmded bird rnns into a hedgerow, a spiniel which can thread the ditch bottom and twist ia and out of the hedge almost as fast as the bird itsrlf, is for more ueeful thsn the larger animal, which constantly loses birds in such places from not being able to get along fast enocfrh. A spaniel may easily be trained to hunt just in front of the partridge- 1 shooter and stop for a moment when he is close on birds, which is all the not "ee that is ncccssary; and even in tbe old days of reaped stubbles, when pointers still reigned supreme, many eminent sportsmen preferred shooting partridges over a brace or two of Eteady spaniels. To see the spaniel in perfection, however, we must employ him in a bind oF shooting which is now only occasionally to be' met with. Where the country abounds -in ' " copses and shaws, as they are called in many GLJ&eefa;}^' "i double hedges, " ' game, and are small enough for the gminer to always wiLhin shot of bis dog—these are the places' t ™hi«h to see a spaniel work. There is nothing ' prettier in the shooting way than to see him feathering about just as he gets on the scent of a pheasant, full of the keenest escit en:ent, yet working metbodi- ! ca'.Sv at the same time, till at last be makes a little ] pan"=e at a tuft of brambles, pricks op his ears for a | r<~c jnd. and then pjiircPs -, nhen up blusters a fine old cork-bird, v.liicij he foliows with his eye as it rises into mid-air, suddenly topples over, and come down tail upwards to the ground with a thud which man and 1 df>g know well. The unmistakable delight of a j spaniel when thus engaged is one of the features in bis character which make him so much pleasanter a companion than any other kind of dog. In a good thick rambling hedgerow, where rabbits live as well as pheasants, he is equally happy and equally adroit. But unfortunately we may wander over a great part of England now without finding our copses or double hedges ; and even where we do, the latter are so diaturbed by the fanners that little game is to be found in them' Spaniels may be used, of course, in big woods whenever a couple of guns go out for a little quiet shooting, without a whole army of beaters, and take only the low woods. They will hunt round yon tbeo pretty closely if properly trained, and nice sport inav be had with them. There are a great many breeds of "spaniels, but we only know of three now which Etill survive in their purity, at least in any number-— the Clumber, the Sntsei, and the Norfolk spaniels. One great merit in spaniels is that they are dags whom ooe can have in the boufe without any inconvenience, end who are a great ornament to the drawing-room rug, where they should be admitted to bask after a long day >n the woods or on the marshes, —St. James?* Ga:<tte. Dickess as as Editor.—Everybody knows that charming " .Roundabout Paper '* of ThackerayV, which bears the title "Thorns in the Cushion." It eets forth the sorrowful tale of a soft-hearted and unpractical literary man placed in editorial charge el an important monthly magazine. "Ah me!" exclaimed the author oF" Vanity Fair,"" after quoting examples, " tve wound where we never intended to strike, we create anger where we never meant harm; and these thoughts are the thorns in ourcu shion." Thackeray was too sensitive to make a good edjfor: and it was well, both for him and for the C-mhill yiagazme, that be resigned his post to his friend and son-in-law, Mr. Leslie Stephen. Jt was far otherwise with Thackei»y a great contemporary, Charles Dickens. Dickens, while quick to detect genius, had no hesitation ia crash? incompetence and mediocrity. Among some aut™ " letters sold last week in London by auction i following, addressed lo Mrf. Gaskell. It» dated February 21,185-":—*' I take tbe earliest opportunity of answering your letter. JL have f occupied since iia rectajit^&at; ihra engaged morning on which flfcave foond time to read t he enclosed papers. I am sony to say that I cannot bave the pleasure of accepting them. They possea no Vind of characteristic to render them BraBaMa. Between ourselves—and not for tbe information of their authoress—tbey are of that intensely dreary and commonplace description to which not even the experience of this place reconciles my wenderilgg mind. Everybody could write such tilings, I imagine, but how anybody can contentedly sit down to do itis inscrutable. Don't you fed the same astmnshmemt? Teople don't plunge into churches and play the organ without knowing the notes or having the ghost of an ear. Yet fifty people a day rush into manuscript who have no earthly qualification but tbe actual physical art of writing." Why Mrs. Gaskell—a literary - woman—rhonla have bothered D'ckens with these : »' dreary and commonplace " manuscripts, is a somewhat difficult question to answer. Charles JDickena was verv careful always to respcet the prcrprietipi in the publications that he controlled. In a recentlypublished criticism of " Griffith Gaunt" he confesses, that the book contains passives which, as Editor of Household Wordt, he would not be able to pasa. But apparently be did not go so far as the iate Mr. Jtentley, the publisher. Tbe following letter i» addressed by Dickens to a contributor to Battittfa Miscellany (now Temple Bar):—" The canse delay of your piper is simply this. considers it loo broad, alihoitgh it does not stftta lbs ^ • as being broad as to render its insertion dxugemia. The question is whether you ton so alter it as to make, J- the doubtful lady a roantnamaker, and give tl^iiijrtiv view more of a * court ing character."" Tna Specie Room ok Shii-boaed—In tbese di^a^ of heavy gold shipments tbe speciB room i steamship is a very important institntion. It IT" located in an out-of-the-way place aaiiddiips, wndarthe saloon. Few of tbe passengers know of Sis, existence, or of the valuable treasure that is carried; across the ocean with them. Tbe room varies d^gU^f ^ on different ships, tat is nsnally about IfflL 10ft. wide, and 8ft. high. It is andnxna elates one-quarter of an inch thick and «tnr riveled together. Tlie floor, the ceiling, and the 4 are all of steel dates. There is a heavy d le of rteeL It Is provided with tamj JCFKV A jnriely of ^BTOG^GF 