PRINCESS LOUISE AS A SALMON ANGLER. _ The ' Fishing- Gazette' publishes the follow letter from Mr John Mowat, a Scotchman in his seventy-Eecond year, who for 55 years ' baa been familiar with the Canadian salmon rivers, .and for about a score of years a fishing officer of the Dominion. It describes how Prin cess ; Louise killed salmon on the Restigouche River in Canada. Upon reading in ' Shooting and Fishing ' of the 28th J uly of the capture of a salmon in the famous Princess Louise Pool in the Restigouche, I was reminded of the night, or rather evening, that I named it. On the occasion of the visit of the Royal party to the fishing grounds, the lessees, Messrs Fleming and Brydges, gave up the river for the season. It was in good trim, fine, water, fish plentiful, and no rods allowed. I was ordered to escort the party to and from the Indian House Pool, and fitted up Mr Brydge's famous barge Great C;e jar's Ghost. When on our way down the river. Her Royal Highness said to me, "I am not yet tired of fishing please stop the boat where you think we can have some sport." I did so at the mouth of ' Chain .Rock Brook, half-a-mile or so below the pool. Lord Lome, the Duke of Argyle, and his daughters and aids left us there, going down in their barkicahoes,. leaving tbe Princess, Lady MacNamara, Carpenter (detective), two Indians, myself,' and boat's crew. The Princess called me and said she would be ready to go when I thought it time. The. day was warm, with south wind, . and. towards afternoon clouds began to rise. About four o'clock I called the Indians, and the Princess was : ready. I took the stern of ,the boat-, turning out one of the men, rather against her will, as she requested me to sit down. I told her I wanted to manage the canoe myself. We soon got up to the ground, about 250 yards above. the fall of tbe Hero Rapid. \--.After anchoring, the Princess banded me tbe fly-book, saying, , " Yon know best what fly is most likely- to kill." Not finding a fairy, I put on -one of my own, a middling- sized brown. First - fish broke hold before anchor was raised ; second .fish did the same before it came to gaff, and -this seemed to' disappoint her very much. I 'said 'as the sun lowered the fish would take hold 'better,' and just then we had a slight 6hower with 'gome. wind arid cooler. It was then about six;q'olpck, arid the Princess struck a fish which held,' and was landed in 11£ minutes, and was 241b 'in iwelghb. Next fish was foul booked be hind- the'gill-cover and took 22 minutes. Whilst playing her fish she said to me, " Don't be afraid to tell me if I do not handle them properly ; I should have, killed the last one quicker, he was only 221b,' and I feared he would go through the ritpid!" I said,; "You hold very hard ; your cast could bear no more." Our next fish was a 26-pounder, and. the fourth and last a 27- pounfler,- which. I- gaffed out of the canoe when within 15 yards of. .the- rapid at eight o'clock. We could have killed another, but the midgeB were pretty plenty, and concluded to quit. , On our .way to the barge the Princess said to me, "If you. had .been with me all tbe time I would have'made a much larger score (about 30), and if I ever come again you must promise to go with me." I then told-her that the pool had no namej and asked her permission to call it Prin cess Louise pool, and so it was named. I must say that few anglers could handle a fish with Her Highness"' She used a heavy English 18ft 'rod, and her strong right, arm (after the fish got his second run over) would lift his head clear of the wafer., , t ' ! . . ' . ' . \- A Mackay telegram states' that a; murder "was committed near' there on Saturday night. .Two kanakas returning from ! tbe tnitsiori school at Walkers ton were, attacked by a mob of other kanakas, who killed one, the other escaping. The police traced the men to Palmyra Planta tion, where they are employed, and arrested eight. This was not a tribal fight, but apparently wanton murder. . What the sunshine is to the unwarned soil, the dew, to the thirsting flower— what a breath of cool air Is to the spirit . confined to a heated atmosphere, the stars to the rifght, tho oasis to the desert, love to the hport, and religion to the soul,, is .Wolfe's Schnapps, "as a diuretic, to those affected with urinal' troubles, a. tonic to the debilitated, an iu- yigorant to the convalescent, and a grateful cordial io weak. ; stomachs, lost appetites,, and: delicate n ervde. " ... 