LION-HUNTING. Adventures of a Oatclier of tlio King of Boasts. Whilo trapping liona in the Hottentot oonntry for tho. Hamburg animal houoo, I had opportunities for fleeing tho king of ; beauts at his best, and for making olono ob servations of his traita of oharaator. Whan a Bo-oallod lion-tamor tella you that ho undorstandB h:o pats as well aa if thoy wore human hoinijB, thoro ib a poworful aignilloanoo in hia worda. Ho understands thorn as woll, but no hotter, and thia mcana hourly peril to liltn Tf fi un rinunnrn t n iivimi'nnln tnnco olitif up in a room, and a keeper entorcd it oevenil times a day to whip them about, ho would ho in tho eame peril as tho man among tho Hone. No two liona aro alika oxoopt in a few leading trnitu, any moro than any two men aro nliko. Every lion io Btippoaed to roni at night when cbroad after prey, but not half of them do so. When you read of ono charging into a camp you praise his courage, but for overyone tuah oaso I oan show ton whoro tho lion nkulkcd about liko a Una. Yuli nnvnr find him twioo aliko. Ho may ohargo you in tho ovtning, and run from you in tho after noon. Ho may come roaring about your oamp ono night, putting you in fear that ho meanB to defy tho blazing firea and the wido awake hunters, and the next night ho may oreop up as noftly as a oat, and lia hidden tor an hour, for tho Bake of picking up a nativo doR. Wo were onoo oamped in a grove on tho bank of a oreok, our party numbering over thirty people. Wo had horaee, oxen, wng [Otis, and dogs, and wore- spread out over two aoroa of ground. It was in tho lion oountry, and thoy might bo oxpeotod to ap proaoh at night, but on tho second afternoon of our camp, whila all woro engaged in denn ing up, and making ropaira, un nlarm was suddenly roiood. I euppoeed that some of the animalo had stampeded, and ran aronnd the waggon to get a clear view of tho spaoo between us and tho oroek. This oraek was two hundred feet away, and was bo nearly dry that one oould step aorosa it. Tho bank on tho other sido waa rooky ground, pretty thiokly oovered with eonib, and right on tho brink tttood one of the largest Hong I ever bow. Ho wob out in full view, head and tail up, and Btood so still for a moment that I doubted if ho was alive. There w»s a linht brcezo blowing toward un, and bo soon as our animals got the scent, it required tho efforts of every nutivo to prevent them from breaking away. My gunswero being cleaned and oilod, and my two white oompanions were looking after their hoiBSB. No ono had the lnnat irtnn thnt tho lien meant minohief, nnd we were pro eently durofounded to eee him spring aorosB tho oioek and come walking into oamp. We measured his leap, and found it to bo twtnty oight feot. Ho mado it without an oflort. I was to tho right of him, and tho centre of the camp was his objective pdint. Tho lion advanced at a walk, uttering no 8ound, and the shouts, soreams, and whoops of tho men, paokca by the bellowing of tho oattle, and the snorts of the horaes, had no efleot on him. Wo had a new miloh oow tiod to the wheel of ono of tho waggons, and the lion advanoed to within thirty feet of her and then made a spring wlijoh landed him fairly upon her uaok. She fell in a heap, and ho seized her by tho neok, gave her two or threo shakes whioh broke tho grass rope (.round her head, and he then got hia right shoulder under her, snd started off, The cow weighed at least five hundred pounds, but ho carried her with Derfeot ease, her hind feot dragging on the ground. At tho creek ho tnada a jump of eleven feet, ascending a sloping bank without a halt, and aoon disan-neftrofl in thn hrnlmn ground with his prey. Ho was gone before we had a gun ready. Indeed, we were lucky not to have loBt half our animals. I was no greenhorn in the animal business at this date, but this was tho first timo I had over witnesKedfsuch cheek in a lion. Had I been told that ho had Buoh courage and ooolneaa, I ahould havo laughed the statement to Boom. Aa soon bb ordor had been restored the threo of ua mounted our horaep, and, pre eeded by five or six natives and their dogB, going about half a miln we discovered tho lion sitting beside the oaroose in a little hollow. Ho was silting up like a dog, hoad turned towards uo, but as soon aa ho flaw us divide he ran off with his tail down, ovidontly thoroughly alarmed, and auoh washhBpoel that we soon lost him. We could count on bis letuminc to the bndv dnt-ina (ha ninhf and the natives' wore therefore Bet to work to dig a pit and oonoeal it. They regarded the lion as being as cunning aaho was wiso, and t.ho pit was not dug near tho body, but thirty feet away from it, and in the direotion in whioh it was believed ho would drag the body. Tf a lion or tiger leaves a body during tho day, and returns to it at night, the first aot ia to drag it soraa distanoo, as if fearing an ambuscade. Whilo the rule is not invari able, it holds good in moat oases. During tho night a dozen lionn Boenttrl around our oamp, but without causing anv alarm, and soon after daylight the natives went out to investigate tho trap. No hunter -i»o» irau nuuu a wjiiuiaii oeiore or sinco. Ao night came several liona must have soented the oaroaBo, and gathored for a feast. The rightful owner objeoled, of courso, and there waa a fight, the result of whioh wob that throe full-grown males tumbled into our pit. Ti.ia faot did not prevent others from pick inn Hia nnrnnaa nlann Dn« ~* it.. ? .. -«6 v..w vH.uuoa uicuu, UUU Ul (|UQ OaptlVCS was tho ohoeky old fellow who had entered our oamp, and the other two we're fully as large. In the course 'of the forenoon we had them out and in thn oagea, and two of them are in the United States to day in Zoo logioal gardens. There aro plenty of instances where men have been seized by lions and lived to relate tho particulars, though no two agree as to sensations. A week subsequent to our cap turo of the threo liona I had been out wifh some of tho natives to prepare a bait in' a t-nnlm vnmna Urn lim] K.aSll .? -i. ? a . rooke and logs and placed a oall as a bait. The sun was nearly down as wo started for oamp, and no one had tho least suspicion of tho presonoe of danger, until a lion, whioh had been crouching beside a bush, sprang ont and knookod me down. In sprinoinu upon hid proy the lion or the tiHor strikes as he seizes. This blow of tho naw if It falls on thariohtrrnnt ilionhlcti ? :.l, ' at onoe, I wbb eo near thiB follow that bo simply reared up, seized me by tho (shoulder and pulled mo down, and 1 waa flat on the earth before I realised whtt had liopnoned I was ou my back, and he stood with both pawn on my middle, fading the notivoa and growling Bavngely. Tho men rsn ofl about tnroo bundled feet: and t!;in halted, whiah woh, doubtloBH, , thuroauon why I I wna not otir riod ciT at onto. I can soy without conceit that Ic wanfairly cool. It had oomo so - suddenly that I had not timo to get ratt!u.-5. I had been told by an old Boor Jinnter that if I ovor found myself in thia fix -to appeal to tho lion'afoara. Had I moved my arm to got my pistol, tho boast would havo lowered hin head and seized my throat. So long na I lay quiet ho would roanou that I wau dead, and givo his attention to tbo nativo.i. All of a ouddon I barked out liko a dog, followed by a growl, and that boast jumped twenty foot in bin surprino. He oamo down between mo and tho natives, and I turned enough to aeo that his tail was down and that ho wan BOiirod. 1 uttered further harka and growla, but without moving a hand, and, after making a cirolo oloar around mo, tho lion s u d d only bolted and went off with a aaara which would last him a week. If you had picked up a ^f.ticlt and dis * covered it to bo a snake, you would aavo aonc just as tho lion did. Ho Bup posod ho had pulled down a man. Tho man surned into a dog. It appealed to hiB fears. After the lion had gono I grow bo weak that I had to be oiirriod to oamp. Ho had ii.-flioted a pretty aevero bite on my shoulder, and it was a fortnight beforo 1 oould hold my gun for an offhand shot. I had tho pro senoo of a onptivo during this timo to con solo mo, howevor. No animal went noar tho call on the flrBt or tho second, but on the third wo ooptured a fino half-growl male, and got him caged without trouble. Curiously onough, ho hnd offorod the calf no violence. Doing overoome by tho situation, and wlion wo found him tho two soomed to bo on the beet of termc About four monthB later, on the Orange Kiver, I had a o'obo call for my life, with no one at haud to aid mo by distracting tho attention of tho lion. I had only one whito man with mo, and ho waa ill of fover. Wo had dug a pit on a path frequented by liona ooming down to drink, but were muoh annoyed by othor animals falling into it. On the first night we osught two hyenas ; on tho seoond a panther ; on tho third a wild hog. These would havo ben prizes had wo not been after HonB and liona alono. On iuu luunn nigut l stationed a couple of natives in a tree near the path to frighten off all game but lions, Thoy were hunters, and know the walk of a lion from that ol any othor beaBt. When going down to drink tho lion generally sniffa tho air, probably to Bee what game is abroad. On a rough path hia tread ia as heavy as a man's, and no ono who has tllintnn him nnn/1 hn nfvnM Af *»*.!.:«— ? ? take. On this night, after tho natives had driven several useless animals away, a large lion and lioness oamo down tho path. When first discovered, tho lion wbb ahead, but he got tho eoent of tho mon in tho troe, and stopped short to growl and sniff, while tho lioness, who was, perhaps, very thirsty, advanood Blowly and went down into tho pit. The pit was two miles from our oamp, and we heard nothing of the row whioh took place when tho lion discovered the trick played on his mate. He toro around for a Bpull liko mad, and then lay down at the foot of the tree and besieged tho men. As aoon as it was daylight I left oamp on horue bnok to ride over and aee what luok. I rode straight for the place, and, when within forty rods, oallod to the men. They an Bwered at once, and though I oould not make out what they said, I knew that thoy were exoited ovor something. I was riding around a olump of trees on to an open space, when my howo suddtnly Btarttd. Next instant I wob on the ground, and a lion standing over mo, and I oould hear tho horaa toarmg away through the eorub like mad. Tho hon had pulled me down, nearly tearing tho back out of my ooat, vest, and shirt, but not drawing blood with bis blows. As in tho proviouB oaee, I was not frightened, beoauso it had oociirred so sud douly that I had not time to Iobb my nerve. I was on tho left side, bareheaded, and tho lion Btood for a moment with his right paw on my shoulder, looking after the hoi Be. The natives saw the fleeing horse, kuew very well what had happened to me, and at onoe descended the tree and mado for oamp. I iliO not blame them any, and perhaps that very action saved my life. I had time to aoiuot my thongiils in that siuglo minute, and as I bad routed one lion by barking like V!w- [ deudcl1 f° '°»ow the came plan in this case. 13ut, Os I aaid nt tho beginning, lions are as unlike aa men. At my first bark thin follow growlefl savagely, and gave me a terrible brto iu the hip. Had I oribd out at that, or made any struggle, he would havo finished me at once. I r'-pressed my feelinga and played dead. I had a revolver strapped to my book, but it would not do to reach for it. After biting mo the hon watched and waited for sigus of life, and when he oould detoat none, ho seized my right nbouldor in his teeth, gave me a (?h.tke and a twiBt, and next moment I was being oarriod off on his book. His teoth did not touch my fl«h, and aa I lay almost iu ft of the revolver. I had it out of the liPlctcr in a second. Whether the beast felt any movement or not ho growled at intervals, and lus breath oamo book on me so strong that 1 was nauseated. I intended to fir« into him ao ho oarriod me along, but ho was awaying about no that I dared not risk it After carrying mo half a niilo through'the halted at tho hoad of a ravine, in whioh he AoubLlen had hia liar. Ho turned about, an if to seo if pursuit had been mado and the mUKte of the pistol oamo against his loH hin i urea at once, nnd next instant was flung in a heap on the earth,, while the lion ut^ lernd a Rcream of pain. I was on my knees in a flash, but tho beaBt was ten fee' ftw&y;, Roing round in oiroleB, apd biting r-t tbo wound. Ho did ntft notioo me in the lotifit, and I port another bul let into him juet back of tho ehci.lu.r. Uo utti-rtd another Borenni.nn.1, inatriid of mill ing at iiio.-oa I fully expected, raado a leap into tbo ravine, and J oould hoarhim running for Bomo (liatanoc. 1 wna bmlly ahnlcri op, but Host no liniti in gelling out of thu iicikIi borhood, and in tho oourso of an hour reached oamp. Nearly overybody was out looking for mo. Seu now how incunsiutantly that lion noted I He oama out into the open ground and ohnrped tho party of ovor twenty meu, although they hod not diflVurbed him. Uo had run from mo in liis aurpriso, and now felt ashamed of himself. Ho knocked ovor a nativo as ha oharged, but was then riddled with bullets and gavo up tho ghost. 