CH STDOM ...... The Society of Psychical Research con tinues its investigations in the domain of ghosts, and the latest number of the "lPro ceedings" contains a number of cases of, a more or less uneanny character tihiclh haiv recently cdmo' under its notice. A. few specimeenastf these may be interesting. " 'JioHsN lILANEfvS "c:;igior." In aipaper by Mr F. W. MyerI on;Irdioa tions of Continued Terrn'ei Knowledgo oni thh Part of Phautissins of the Dead; the :pa'ititbu lars of a 'case for which the writer's iidbbt?d to Lady Gore Booth, are given. Hser'ean, then a -schoolboy of 10, was the 'pecipieit, and her youngest 'daughter, then aged 1'? also gives a firbt- hand acount"of the innci dent, as follows : Lissadell, Sligo, February, 1891. On the 10th' of April, 1889, at about hall, aste9 o'olock'a.in., nimy youngestbotherand I were going down a' shert fliglot'6 .st~eirs loading to the kitchen to 'fetch food ,for .ni chickens auinenal' We V ereo bout liahlE-way downi",' my brother a few 'steps" ii. .dd vances of me, when 'he "siudd?nl? said - "Why, there's John' B3laiey. I didn't know he was 'in the house !". Johi 'Blaney was a boy who lived not'far'from si's, arid he had been employed in the house as hiall-boy'nit long before. I said that I was sure it 'tvas iot he (for I knew he had left some months providusly on acnourit ofill-i health), and looked down inito the passage, but saw noe 'one. ' The passage was - long one witha rather short turn in it, so we ran quickly down the last few stops; and looked" round the corner,' but (-obody was there, and 'the only door 'hI could' 'have gone 'through was''shut. As we went .upstairs my brother said,;' "EO\ ~' ALE AND ILL JOHN LOO"ED, and why did he stare so? " . I asked'what ie wasdiing. My brother answered thbat hilia'd'lis' sleeVes' turned u i d ??ar ajd ??s-wear lgr Id green' aipron, isuch as 'the 'footinen"aTwisy wear at their work! An hltur or two affter wards I asked'my maid heow long John'Blaney' hadtb~i'en' back in the house. She a'eetiod much surprised, and'said, " Didn't you hear, Miss, that'he died this tnorning P'" On in~luiry we forind he had died about two hours before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should be told this, but he heard' of it' somehow, and at once declared that he must have seeon his ghost. MAUSBEL OLIVIT Gone BoorTI. This apparition, ' asys Mr Myers--" unless we explain it as a telepathic impression pro jected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some'hourS before it"attains'ed ek ternalikation- may'possibly be taken tas dhow ing something of continued memory 'in the' departed boy." A "SCENE"' ON THE LAWN. : Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr Myers with the true names, but with a request to conceal them and some local details on accoune of the painful lpatui'6of the incident described, is 'the followin?r i-' Our informant, whom I will 'call Mrs Mt., writes underdate 15th Deceinber, 1891: ' . . . One night on retiring to mnyb'ed room about:' eloveon o'clock, '1 thought I' h eard '' 1. . A PECULAL MOANING SOUND, and some ouse sobbing as if in great dis tress of mind. ''I listened very attentively, and still it continued'; so I raised the gas iin my bedroom; and" then' went to"' the landing windiw 'of'which ' T have spoken; drew:the blind aside-durid there on the grass was a vory'beautiful young girls 'in' a kneel ing pIisture before a soldier; .in a' geneial's uiniform; sobbing, and claisping her hands to.' gether, entreating for. pardon ; but alais!' h only waved her away from hiih ?o muinch did I feel for the girl thabr'without'a 'mombnt's hesitation I ran down the 'staircase to, the door o1pening upon the lawn, and begged lher 'to come in and toll 'me her sorrow. .The" figures then disappeared ! Not in the least' nervaus did 'I feel then'; went. again '.to y bedroori, took a sheet of writing-paper and wrote do'wi"-ihat'I h'ad seen.". [Mrs.' M. has" found ' and 'sent "us this paper. The following .. words are written in pencil' "on' a half-'sheet of note paper: " 13th March, 1880. Havejust seen visions onri lawri:- soldi'sr in general's iini form-a youngr lady' kneeling to him.:' 1l.?0, p.m."] .. . "It appears the story is only too true. The yoingest'datghter of this very old, proud' family had 'had 'an illogitimato child, and her parents and relatives would not, recognise her a"ain, and sho died brokeli hearted. The soldier was a near relaitive (dlso a connectioiin of my husband's), aiid it was in vain she tried to gain his-the 0soldier's -'forgiveness." (In a subsequent' letter'Sir X. Y.'s career is described.' He was' adis tinguiabed officer.) " So vivid wais my re-' membrance of the features of the soldier thht' some months after the ocourrence, wh'ed I happened to be calling with my liusband'at a house where there was a: portrait of himi, I stepped before it and said, " Why, l6ok ! There is the General !' And sure enough it: was." AN APPARITION AT WESTMINSTER TOWN iTALL Hero is an instance where the decedent,. whohasboen interested in an' event which was' closely approaching when he died,' seemed to choose the' occasion of that event to manifest his continued' interest i ' the friend whom the little crisis-a theatrical' performance-concerned. The account"of the apparition two days after'the deatlh' bf the person was written down by' Mr _ Myers from the verbal account of the precipient, and and corrected and signed by her: 4th August, 1890. On the evening of the Saturday, 2ith,1890, I was engaged with my sister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of The Antigone, at the 1Yestminster Town Hall.' A passago led down to several dressingrooms used tby the ladies who were taking part iu the representation, and nowhere else. None of the publio had any business down this pas sage, although a friend came to the door of the dressingroom once to speak to some of us. I was passing from one dressingroom to another, a few steps further along the pis sage, just before going on to the stage., when 1 saw in the pa-sage, leaning against the door-post of the dressinirroom which I had left, a Mr H., whom I had met dnly twice, but whom I knolw well by sight, and as an tcquainitance, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I hold out my hand to him, saying, "Oh, ]Mr II., I am so glad to see you." In the oecitemennt of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that ho should have come thus to the door of the dressing- room-although this would have been an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. There was a brilliant light, and I did not feelthe slighltest'doubt as to his identity. He was a tall, singular look ing man, and used to wear a frook coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this coat, but noticed nothing elso about him specially except his face. Ho was LOOKING AT Hit WITIr A SAD tiXPiRESSION. When I hold out my hand he did not take it, but shook his head slowly, without a word, and walked away down the passage-back to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over this strange condluct, being in a great hurry to finish dressing in time. Next'day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, sny sister called out to me, "You will be sorry to hear that Mr IH. is dead." "Surely not," I exalaimed, "for I saw him last night at The Antigone." It turned out that he had bcon dead two days when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr WV. S. Lilly states that he was present at a party when Lady ]. suddenly informed her sister, Mis, J., of the death of Mr H., and he hears witness to Miss J.'s extreme astonishment, and her exolama tion, " Why, I saw him last night at 'The Antigone '!" A CASi oi' SPRITcI GoUARDcANSHIP." As regards "spirit guardianship," ]r Myers thinks it need not greatly surprise anyone " if that impaluable telepathic con nection which sometimes seems to be long maintained between two living persons were to persist after the removal of one of them by bodily death." The writer of the following, who is personally known to Mr Myers, is the wife of Colonel TWiokham, of 7 Comeragh road west : " On the evening of 13th March, 1878, I was dressing myself to go to a.dinnor party at Admiralty House, Vittoriosa, Malta. Ib had acceptod Admiral and Mrs -'s invitation murch againetmywill, as a dear friend waelying se~rioesly ill at Brighton. However, the latest ac,?ounte had been so cheering. and hop@ful that I had allowed myself tio be pe? Siuaded by my husband into going. AN.EERI-I. FEELING W'AS CRIEL-INGU OVEL 9ME: in an unaccountable manner, but. I tried.to throw it ,ff, and succeeded in doing so to a certain extent: still, something" made 'me turn my head round aind:ntai'e into my husband's dressing-room, whihb'oiened into mine. I distinctly saw 'a' handn"'Wcaving backwards aiid frwards twice: 'I rushbdiritd the room-it w~ii empty. 'Soon' iftorwiirda my huiebhnd'imoe upstairs, and I. told ,him what I had denn, but he put it; down to ".neves." .As we crossed the water the cool night air seemed to revive me,' and I. began to :laugh 'at myself': for letting my imagination play such tricks. We got hooe,sdmehbow, 'and I diagbed miy'. self upstairs to my room, and commenced'iun dressing. .Whilst taking down riyhiair, I dislinitly felt' 'A TNsD PASSD OViEn XYKIEAD .AaD N'cg as if somebonie w ias siting.one. I told my liusbinid-to? be laughed at.. I kneltto- say my prayers. Instead of praying' (as 1 had been used to do), for God to make 'my friend well,. I, without any will of my own, prayed that he might be taken out of his misery. I went to bhd. Something camine ands ly be side me. Iclung toii`y huisband, who tried to calm me, assuring me thor? 'was 'nothi'ng therd to huirt or frighten me. A COLD MOUTHc iEEMIOED TO iREiZfE O$ crT citiaeE a~i4' I 'distinctly .heard. ",Good-bye, Sis' , "good-Tyi'hy', in.: my. friend'sd well knownvoice.: Still my husband declared' he could hear nothing.' ";I'said, '' I am sure Mr 'Abbott'is dead:"'. My hnusband said I was hystorioil"' and' over-wrought, drew .e': towards' liim, 'and held: niy handh'tllI fell asleep"-for I suppose it waqs a dream and "'not "'a isio I h?n ad. .Be thlis as it nmay,' I saw my friend come into my rooma a livid mark was acrosshliei face. He was DIE-SED8,N" A NICIT·PHIIRT, andlhis feet were;bare. He 6ame 'and sat' beside me-told me he was dead-that he had' left me some'mony, and biforeo he died hbd' wished' to make Esmo alteration :id his bequest, bhut the end had come so soonho'liad' not time to do so. Ho 'topoated his " Gdod bye," kissed me. and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream and marked the date.' Five days afterwards a letter with'i 'deep black border came to me from my friend's brother, tolling me his. brotherhad passed away at 10 o'clock, 13th AMaroh. Allowing far the difference of time, Mr Abbott must have come to me either just before or just after death. The legacy' left me was as he had stated, also 'the fact" tlhat he had intended to make a' 'chang'e ads re' garded it, but though the lawyer was eant for he, came too late. 'August, 1890. These are only a few of the cases given by Mr,Myers.---'" Pall MaUlGaztte." 