~fidionii hi w at dx Why Did He Love her? hi tbi OHAPTER XXXII (Continued). he "Ha! Miss Carrie, you here? but I sup- 41 pose the news of last night's escapade ai brought you over. I hope my patient knows nothing of the aifair, for 1 am told he was - opposed to the marriage. I can't see why, for Philip Vane is an elegant and clever tc young fellow, and the helress hasn't made lh such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind al was probably no clearer on that score than P on others, or he would not have opposed her wishes." 01 "I cannot agree with you, doctor. I ts think the objections of Mr. Fontaine were bi well founded," she coldly replied. "I did pi not come over on Savella's account, but to remove Isola to the Vale. I am sorry to be say that she has been attacked by illness, P brought on, it seems, by the scent of the at "',reeh..'oet--ixlie su eezO 'Dr.'Sins~nlei-s dered necessary, and sihe is micl better; ofa but I shall be glad if you will go up and see m her before you leave." n 1 Of course; such cases are not uncom-" pl mon, and Isola has a very sensitive tem- C perament. But I must first go in and see bl how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy hallo- m cination he labours under, and I almost ct despair of dispelling it." pi " Is it even so ?" said Miss Carleton, with is a slight shudder. "Is there no hope for h him ?" a "I can see none, for there is a cause for d the spectral illusion in this case-a fatal n oause, which medical skill can never re move." a Their eyes met, and both felt that the g other knew what the dire cause was. She h presently asked: x " Can I not see him ? I do not wish to speak with him; only to look upon him and B form my own judgment as tohiscondition.'j to " I can easily manage that for you. Pass o through this window, and remain in the re library while I am with him in his own si apartment. I have had a curtain placed w in front of the door to conceal the person Il who watches near himn, as it made him ir* e0 ritable to have some one always in sight. tl You can shelter yourself behind it and look e on him while lie talks with me." While he was speaking the doctor opened s the blind and threw up the sash of the win- t dow. Cresar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and t a look of intense surprise as he recognised Miss Carleton. Shemotioned to him to re main silent, and passed with the physician towards the heavy folds of damask that sweptto the floor. Dr. Sinclair lifted them aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a a position as to enable her to look into Fon- u taine's apartment without being herself 1, seen. c He was sitting with his face turned to- b ward her, holding a fragment of paper in his hands, which he nervously turned from a Jside to side, rolling it up and smoothing it i s''out alternately, as if unconscious of -what2 'he was doing. The crimson cushions of s the large chair on which he sat threw out his statuesque head, with its clearly cut features, now nearly as colourless as b marble itself. His large black eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had t in them the same wild, unsettled expres sion they had worn on that last morning at the Vale; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through I her aching heart. When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural a voice; vo Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to con vince myself that you are real. I am so haunted by phantome that I cannot distin guish flesh and blood from them unless I touch it." 1 " I, at all events, am a substantial en tity, Fontaine, and I never intend to visit any of my friends in a ghostly shape. Have I your filmy friends multiplied? At first it I was only one that visited you."t "Yes," he mysteriously replied; "he has brought others with him. He was the dead demon; but he has called others to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up Banquo's ghost, with those that came to Richard III. the night before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into the days of antiquity and summoned that gob lin grim who stood beside the couch of - Brutus and said, ' Meet me at Phillippi !' Ah 1 it was deathi that met him there; but my familiar gives me no such welcome warning." " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine? You have much to live for," was the sooth ing reply. ' Much, much-yes, I comprehend that; yet it would be a mercy to me to die. If I could wipe this red stain from my hand, I might clasp ose that could drive every evil from me; but it deepens, it darkens with Severy hour, doctor, Oh! murder is a fear n -- folcrime; and he who commits it merits death. I had rathier pay that penalty than live the life to which I am doomed." " Then you are tired of being shut up here ? If you wish it, I will permit you to walk out out daily. You need not go be yond your own grounds." Fontaine slowly shook his head. ·No, Sinclair; I will not make a spec tacle of myself to my own people. Besides, the phantom forbids that; he is standing between us now, and he frowns even at the proposal from you. No- these rooms shall become my living grave for I will not go beyond them." \- "We shall see when the spring weather comes. It is cold now, and it is well fer you to stay in doors." "Once I breasted the storm and defied the wind; now I am as a reed shaken by its faintest breath. Sinclair, who is behind that curtain? I feel a presence there that wafts sweetness and comfort to me. Who is it?" He half arose as if to approach the shaded door, but the physician placed his hand upon his arm, and said: " A friend of yours is there, but she did not intend to intrude upon you. Would it please you to see her ? You are so calm to day that I think her visit will not harm you." Fontaine sank back, and in an excited whisper said: "Bring her in I I know-I know who it must be." Ur, Dinelair went to the curtain, drew st aside, and led forward the woman who had tb watched and listened with her heart upon ts her lips. Fontaine advanced to meet her 3 with his usual stately elegance, but when B she offered him her cold hand, he rapidly ti drew her toward him, and pressed her to a, his breast and said: n "You have come to the lost one, Oarrie h You might have saved me, if Idared to lay the burden of my sin upon your innocent h heart. But I could not-I could not; and and now I am demon-haunted, while my y angel is far from me. Ah I there it is now -gliding between us with its deadly breath -chilling sue to the heart." His arms dropped down suddenly, and he t tottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinrclair hIstened to support him to his seat, and after a few moments he became mnore com posed. Miss Carleton gently asked: "Is there no other one you would like to see, ir. Fon taine? One you have dearly loved would be made happy by being admitted into your a presence again."' t He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to t be considering the meaning of lher words. a Presently lie pressed his hand to his head r and said: o Pr'Yov1 sUembec-i- raIte eeiss- 2 firbilsine to do so any longer. He com-. mands me not to look upon her, and I dare t not disobey him. But youll can take my v place. Take Isola to your heart, Carrie d Carleton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as she might have been to me. but for this cruel, cruel persecution. I cannlot see her again; her presence is op pressive to me; and-and-now even yours is becoming so. There stands the phIantoml his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or he maiy gain the same c diabolical power over you that he has over t me." lie put up his hand deprecatingly, and at t a sign from the physician Mliss Carleton f glided from the p artment, carryilng with i her the painful fear that Claude Foulihine's mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brief Inote to Mrs. 5 Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Font:aine, and relqutestinsg her to send over such articles of clothintg as she might t require during her stay. The cnrriage was sent back willth this:l and unable to remain I within doore wsith the weight upon her heart tlhat seerted crushing her to.the earlth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into the grounds, and sought to exhaust her t emotion by rapid exercise. She spent many hours in this bitter r struggle pith herself, and more than once thel cry came to her lips : " Oh, would that the right swas mine to be near him for ever-for over!" CHAPTER XXXIII. NEwS rms ocosOs. As the dinner hour drew near, Miiss Carleton returned to thel house andst went up to Isola's room. She f:ound hier sitting up in bed, while she read Georgo Berkely's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourlees face, and her eyes sparkled with her usual animatiton. Miss Carleton had recovered outward composure, and with her usual affectionate t kindness she said: so I will leave you to the enjoeyment of a George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see you beL or e left. I suppose he has been up." "Yes-lie came with Mr. Summerton; bnt I wassleeping so soundly that they did not arouse me. The Senora was here just now, and told mte that lie said I had been extremely ill, but I amt now doing well." " He approved of Mr. Sutumuetton's treat ment ?" "Yes, entirely." This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears she fell in spite of the solicitude of tihe Italian for Isola's reo covery. She lingered long enouglh to ar range hier dress, nud tihen left the girl to read again tihs letter Wh:iclh contained so much that was precioils to her. During the months that had elapsed since the departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as lier future companioni for life. All his true qualities arose blefore her in vivid contrast of Philip, and the warmts friendship she hlad chlerished for George assumed the hue of love. She felt that she could implicitly trust that honest nature, and give him tihat entire respect without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus "St. Petersburg, "November, 15, 18 "lMy Beloved Isola :-Your. precious letterhas just reached me. It gives ma the right to address you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time,- fold her wings in the nest it shall be my sweetest care to prepare for her. My darling, I am happy, for I know that you would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendef ness had not opened for me. I will prove myself worthy of it, Isola, and I feel the sweet assurance that I can make your hap piness, as you will mine, in the future which loosts before me belhed in the rosy hues of love. "But I must not fill my letter with pro testations whlich you do not need, to assure you of the depth of my affection for you. That, you know, is iedeostructible as life itself. I have become Cleat important per sonage to the Itome circle fte has left be hind him-a traveller in foreign lands; and my comtounications eill Itase especial in terest fromo a country so little known to ' outside barbarians,' as lussia ! therefore I must endeavour to maisetain the character of an intelligent observer. "I have now been in St. Petersburg several weeks, and we have -eather to which our keenest mountain breeze is com parative summeser. " Our tebessador has been received by the E:mpcror, and tis suboedinstes Itave, -ith hite, attended a court ball. There I had tho honour of an introdeection to the the grandest looking mnes: I have ever seen. " Nichlolas is a mansogsfecent tman, and as courteous as lee is Itnoslome.te le was sur rounded by a brilliaeet group of oflicers who had distinguished themselves in his see v108. " Among tltem wss a stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first mo ment my eyes fell on him. I cannot tell why tislo es-s, for he was not more striking in his appearance tClan many others near Ihim. He wasa middle-ngeel man, witl hlir sprinlkled wvith crey, and t11e expression of one who has suffered wrong, hlardelsip, and disappointment; all of wvlicle Ihad been merged in tsie pleilosophic determinatioss to make the most of what Heaven spared from the wrecked hopes he had left scattered upon his life-path. " I inquired who he was, and learned that he is an Italian of the name of Fon tani, who for many yeare has been in tbhe employment of the Emperor as an engineer. tI His services have been rewarded with the ti title of Baron and a large estate near Mos cow; and the decorations he wore bore wit ness to tne triumphs be has gained. But he econ'retired from the gay scene, in which he only appeared at the command of g his master. e It would fill up my letter to'describe to i you the magnificence of the scene on this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illumi- e nated with radiance, and filled with a crowd n of lovely and richly-dressed women, at- 11 tended by cavaliers in brilliant court cos- u1 tume. II "It was late when we made our conge; e in my sleigh was Charles Brineley, my fel- s low attache, and myself: the night was en- t chanting; thle moon was shining with a 11 lustre that rendered every object visible, and we sped over the snow-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden a turning, our sleigh came in containct with l another approaching from the opposite di- b rection. The collision was so violent that one of our horses fell in the traces; but the .fiee 'ttee.dsaf~h oig- ethtaeigi ,s'eeednatob.ij et 2?das'h'd'frtvrdeviieniy u-n ageable by the driver, who had been par- b taking too freely of tihe strong waters to which his countrymen are much ad- S dieted. "A gentleman attempted to spring out, p but caught his foot in the leopard skin with h which the sleigh was lined, and fell in such a position as so be in ldanger of having his brains dashed out by the horses. I sprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and suc ceeded in holding them in till Brinsley and I the driver could come to smy assistance. t "The check enabled the prostrate man e to recover his footing and extricato himself r from his perilous position. He spoke to the horses, and they stood docile and obe dient to his voice. He thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that we shlould accelpt seats in his vehicle since ours was disabled. BHe said: "'I am Baron Fontani, and I. am on my way to the palace to lay before the Ent peror some despatches which have just ar rived; but I pledge myself not to detain c you many moments, and I will then set you down at your osn hotel.' d Of course we accepted his offer; and taking the reins in his own hands, the Baron bade his driver remain with ours and aid hiim in every possible manner. " Aflter a brief interview with the Czar, he returned to us, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from me he gave iie his card, and requested me to call on him on the folloswing day. I, of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. " At as early an hour as I lhoped to tind him free to receive friendly calls, I went to his palace. He met tie with his kindness'; was pleased to exaggerate the service I had 1 rendered him, and showedl as much interest in my affalirs as if he Ihad been a friend of long standing. "iThe Baron informed me that in his youth he had travelled in tihe United States. Many portionsc of tihe country in torested hime deeply, especially the icoun tai,,seeery,of,anets.ta-satte;.osth shichl -he seetoiid famcill . ' ~dbii'H sved nie' Jef[ ersoni's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and I discovered that lee understands Eng lish, though at first he spoke tome in French. " He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased fromnt a wandering 1 artist; and among them I found a picture of the Vale, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the latter, and said: "' I was induced to take that because the name is so nearly my own. Do you know of such a place in your native State?' "I told him all about tihe place and the connection between its owner and my family. I cannot describe to you the in terest with which hie listened. He inquired about Mr. Fontaine-hlis habits, his peculi arities; and when I had finished my de scription, hle said: S"' From your account of him, one would think this man a king amitong his peers. How is it that lie has never married ?" "I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as the pro bable eause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: coIs there no other cause for that sad ness? It seems to me that the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, and surrounded,- s you say he is, by kind and steadfast frienids, should be able to rid himself of tihe morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' | " He had much -to saddes his youth,' I told him; but the Baron was not 'satisfied till he drew fronm use the whole of that - sad story about Henry Fontaine. When I had finished, he said: If your friend was guiltless: in that aslair, why should he cherish the feelings you have described? I am afraid there is a dark stain on the ermine of his robe, spotless as you would hlve mte believe it.' "Forgive me, Isola, for repeating leis words to you, for we kicow how pure, hlosm noble Mr. Fontaine is-how far above ceny temptation to crime, and such crime as this! " I speedily disabused my new friend of this idea; but he has shaown the interest hd takes icc tice subject by frequently referring to it -lien we meet, and tlie mystery of Henry Fontaince's fate seems to possess as strong an attraction for him as it could for the icearest friend of your fattier. " I have not yet told him of you. I do not kioe what feeling withheld me; but I am a jealous miser, isho hoards his hlppi ness in his own eheart as too sacred to be shared by' olicers; lor in this I am not ex pansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in my inme ost tsearl visible to those around me. To the worlaing-day world I give mey energies; to you, she consecrated dreams of love acid Ihope. "I have a inisiature of you which I pilferedfrom tFanny, and in cay solitry hours it is mcy constnct compcpnion. I yearnc to return to you, to claim you as mycv own for ever, but my friends would not ap. prove of it just now; eso I must curb my impotience, and prove mnself worthy of the happiness that awaits me. " Adieu, my precious love; let your heart rest on me in perfect trust, for in life and death I am yours alone. * GEOrGE BErKtLY." Isola folded her letter, and laid it sepon her pillow, with a swveet smsile upon her lips. Sit felt that her laven of rest was almost gained; that George would take her to his noble heart and shield her from the storms of life. Thelre was now but one shadow on her to path; tile sad condition of her beloved liro- in tector; butshe cherislhed the hope that in sl time he would be restored te hier, vigorous in mind and strong in health, as before y, this strange attack of illness. Again,she te fell into that balmy sleep which brings b healing on its wings. Summnerton had given her some renovating drops, which seemed to act as a veritable elixir on her b exhausted system, and with every passing hour she felt its reviving influence. So rapidly had they counteracted the effect of the poison she had, taken that, when Dr. Sinclair camne up to see hier, he had not been able to detect any traces of the deadly potion she had swallowed. He d had accepted Sumnierton's account of the I cause of her illness as the truth, and as sured him that hie had done everything thati the miost competent skill could have accom- -v plished.d .'Vihe soj-distant clergyman accepted the t :jsicisi's comnpliments with an air of f naodest deprecation; lie declared that his practical knowledge of medicine was trilling, ¶ but his skill as a chemist was grenst; lthat hle uinderstood the composition of every de leterious agent whlichl could einter the tua'nii frausie thierefsre i olei~~: sst wahn irfi. t o ii'j'e ssbthi ,pst which are sometises inialed with tlie breath of life. \Witlh a high opinion of his abilities, Dr. -Sinclair recommenlded Fontaine to his con- 1 start care during his own absence, and de- 6 parted, glad to leave so able a coadjutor to look after hiis patient. CHIIAPTIEt XXXIV. THE uCHtErIas .AT trORu. } A messenger had been despatchred to i Donlora to inquire concerning Phlilip and t the ismissing heiress, andi when they were c expected to return. As lie waits about to 1 rise from the dinner-table, a letter from 1 Mr. Vane, addressed to Summerton, was n brought in. lie hastily opened it, and read .he following lilies " yin Seossmvuros - Sir,-I have- the t honour to inform you that your inference a with regard to Miss Fontaine is correct. She left hier lhomne under the protection of 1 miy son, andil by the time this reaches you r she will doubtless be his wife. They will t come to Dunlora on their return, as it pre sent I fear La Fontaine would be too warm a place for themi to find tlemselves com for table in, althoughl it is winter weatlher. However, I hlope this event will not long cause you to lthink, with the imumortal bard, This is the winter of my discontent," t for I assure both yourself and the respected I aunt of my daughter in-law that lily son will prove to you both as good a friend as - you have everpossessed. " Your. course is evidently to submit gracefully to what you no longer can pre. t vent, and to make things smooth and bar monious for the advent of Philip among you as the future master of La Fontaine. With profound respect, I am yours to comrn maend, JouHN VANE." This pompous and oiffensive effusion was read by Summerton in silence, and then handed over to Senora Ioselli. She glanced 1 over its and then, with flushed cheeks and flaushiig eyes, read it aloud to Miss Carle ton, cominantisig upon it as she proceeded. She finally with qly~uieu lugh 5 oil ee:sr-ybureelf'hosw muchs forbeia ance Mr. Fontaini has to expect, for this old stupid speaks already of his son as master here. I suppose it is his intention to rule us all right royally, and we are ex pected to bow submissively before the au thority of the young sultan Savella has been fool enough to make the ruler of her fate." "This letter is certainly not that of a well-bred iiai, thlough I have hitherto re garded Mr. Vsane as such," said Miss Carle ton. " Buit you have one consolation, madamn: if Philip proves a disagreeable in mate, you can leave the house, which he will prolbably look on as his own, till Mr. Fontaine is again in a condition to assert his own authority." SThatc I will never do !" she said, almost rudely. " This is iiy ihoiie, and I have at least as good a right to it as that handsome popilnjay. I have had the care of Savella fronm her infancy, and she shall nit now cast me of, even if she is wrought on to consider me a burden. I don't intend to be thrust aside, eIcan tell you that." "Of course you iunderstand your own affairs best," said Ifiss Carleton, rising. " I do not presume to give advice to one so competent to take care of hersell as you are.- I will now go up to Isola," and'she left the roomt: The Senora and Summerton went to Sgetlie into the sitting-room, which they now had enitirely to tlhemselves; but when, together, they never spolke in English tif ,anythling was accidentally overlheard by the servants, that domestic police, which is always on the alert, they could under stand nothing. Perhaps that was one cause of the intenise disgust felt by the house servants toward the "furrin trash," as they called tlhem when speaklting among themselves, though fromn this sweeping con demnation they' excepted theit' master's niece. She was a Fontaine, and, of course, - she must be vastly superior to the " S'nory and dat Sum'tsn," as the two were called by the negroes on the plantation. - - Ssmmerton closed the door carefully, and curtly aseted: " Have ynis decided to talte my advice ? Does not this absurd letter clearly s hose you selwat are the expectations of those people? I shouldn't sonder if old Vano and Ilis silly wife were looking forward to establislinog themselves here permanently." " There is no danger of tltat, and I will soon give Philip Vane to understand tmat if he is nominally master here, I am really mistress. hlten he revolts, it sill then be time enough to drive the goad into lim. At first he may have some scrnlples as to carry Ing out our plans, but after enjoying the sweets of possession a short tlisme, I tis take lim greatly if he sill miot concede to any termlls that will esablo himee to retain thle ,vealth for whliict lie hlsn sold hlimitself." " Then yeo til receive themll sith cour tesy ? You vill not ily like a tigress at Ssvella when she returns willi tier hand some purchase "' ** No; ILat would be folly noso. W'esust tolerate the airs of the new prince till we have hlimti in our power, and Sasells may have her swing for a few weeks-perliaps longer; but if she abuses her liberty-if she Lady : " I wish you coulld call at the office of Ifr. Oldricl, contrive to ve sonse conversation with the venernllle gill llemian, and so far as you are able examlille ileo lii physical condition. I uesire to klnllw hloll long he is likely to live." Phiysician: -- Cer tainly. Are you llis wife ?" Lady: "No, but I have a chance to be." turns a cold shoulder to me, I will sum. Ifu manrilyput her down. You will see." He re shrugged his shoulder. "Yes, I shall see a regular set-to between ea you, for Savella has too smuch of your gi temper for her good. However, I shall be ti by to make peace, and dictate conditions tl which shall be for our benefit you may be sure; far now our interests are at war with a hers." p " Oh !if we could only have klept her free tc till Fontaine was out of the way," she said o in a tone of suppressed rage. "Then we s could have turned the estate into money; n have gone back to Italy, and lived in splen- b dour; but this selfish and ungrateful girl has overturned all our plans."_ " We may be able to accomplish that yet. f Leave Vane to mne; I shall manage him f -without much trouble. lHe can do what we dared not attempt. I will make him sue b the estate for arrears, and grasp the whole, from which he shall pay us what I may c choose to demand for beeping back what would ruin him. I begin to see that, after a all, it isn't so bad a thing for us that Sn- a vella has taken her fate into her own a hands. He is a poor schemer whllo cannot b -iurn avery chance to his oinuo 1Rcanthnge.". I "If youi miake anything out of this min- I apropos elopevment, you will prove yourself r a modern luclhiivel," she spitefully re- I plied. " Savella is not so near to you as she is to me, or you wouild not so coolly make up your mind to the fate she has r chosen for hlerself." "Perhaps not," he indiflerenlly replied. p "Yet. 1 think, a little refleetion will teach you that I have done more to advance her interest than you, or any one else. Since this marriage has taken place we must rt concile ourselves to it as well as we may. There are other means of influencing people besides fear, and if we can gain our ends r without a family quarrel it will be best on c many accounts." The Senora reluctantly acquiesced in t this sensible view of the case, and alter some further consultation, Summerton st.t down and wrote the following reply to Mr. Vane, while the Senora retired to her own room for the purpose of inditing an epistle to her runaway niece. e Sm.-Your letter has been received, and I I write to assure you that no obstacle will I be thrown in the way of Savella's return to I the home which is rightfully her own. In fluenced by the opposition of Mr. Fontaine t to the union of his niece to your son, Se nora Rloselli and myself did evcrytllhing in our power to prevent the msarriage which has taken place in so disgracefully clandes- d tine a manner. a " If we had known how irrevocable was v the determination of Savella to become the y wife of Mr. Philip Vane. we would have a consented to her union with her lover, an b avoided incurring the scandal which she has brought upon herself, and all connected t with her, by the course she has plursued. I "Of course, both liher aunt and myself feel this keenly, for we only enderavoured to perform our duty by preventing Savella from disobeying the express commands of her uncle.. She has baflled us. Mr. Fon- t taine is in no condition to oppose, the re through yioui te tiledr theni an invitation to come to La Fontaine as soon after their arrival at Dunlora as may be agreeable to themselves. "Family jars are best cenmented as soon as possible, and to your son personally we can have no objection. Be is a very ele gant and attractive young man, and I trust that he and Savella will find that hIappiness in their precipitate marriage whlichl I, lier spiritual guardian and best friend, daily pray the Giver of all good to shower down upon her. " Respectfully yours, " Tnotsus SueMaiERTON. With this hypocritical elffusion, Senora Roselli sent one, whlich ran thus: "Como back to me, Savella, for my heart is half broken by your desertion. At the intercession of Mr. Summerton I have forgiven you, and you can return witlh your husband to La Fontaine without dreading reproaches from me. It is now too late to utter them, and I feel that perhaps I have already indulged myself in too nimany. "You know, Savella, that my affection for you must lead me to forgive everything; that I can even embrace the object of your choice, much as I have hitherto opposed this marriage. Say to Mr. Vane that I can pardon him for taking you from me, if She will only make you happy. "Your, affectionate, though deeply afflicted anit, " BIArlac BossELLI. These letters were intended to be sent at once to Dunlora, but in a fit of absent mindedness, Summerton dropped them into the post-bag, and they were taken to Lynchburg, mailed there, and after the lapse of several days reached those for whom they were intended. Savella, in her new happiness, gave little thought to those she had left behind her. She was not troubled with sentiment, and if the nligry isiage of her aunt in truded, she dismissed it with the thought that she need give herself no further trouble concerning her; for with Philip to protect her, wealth at lier own command, she could surely rid herself of this incubus upon her life. In truth, Savella was heartily reary of the subjugation in chlici she had been held from her earliest recollection, and the most clearly delined sishs of her heart was to emnacipatc herself entirely from the control of bolh the Senora and Summer ton; for since he assumed the otico of her tltor, hie had tyronnised over her nearly as msuch as her relative. h'lilip vaited sill some snxiety for an i eileation to La Fonetaine. Without it he could not well enter thie place as imaster and establish Isimsuel, as he fully intended, at his ease. Since hie had sold hismself for a ieOss of pottssge, he was resolute Cleat it should be rendered to Iisis to the last crunib, and he greedily listened to Suvella e ehlnshe spolke of the nccumnulatcd debt cwhich Suoisssreton had assured her cos justly due to her from lier uncle. I Philip already knsc as much from the h Liss of Fontainuo lilself, and ie sisentally calculated how large a siu ewoslsd be ne cessary to maintain the sisaster he was about to dispossess in a private uisad-house. He intended to inaugirate a style of hos pitslily at La Fontaisie far more magnifi cent than anythineg hitherto knourn in the valley, and the preseisce of an insane man would be too greot a drawllsck oss isis plea sure to be tolerated a day longer than he >, possessed the power to rid himself of it. As the bestower of all this he felt grate ful to Savella, and his apparent devotion rendered her the happiest of mortals. Philip, her best-beloved, her king, was everything to her, and his parents con gratulated each other that her blind devo- t tion to their son would induce her to yield r the entire control of her fortune to him. Cards had been sent out for a reception t at Dunlora before the return of the bridal pair, and Mrs. Vane had taken precaution e to order a dress for Savella suitable to the occasion. She appeared in white lace over c satin, adorned with the same pearls her t mother-in-law had once designed as a gift to Isola. Invitations were sent to La Fontaine and the Vale; but from neither house came a r token that they had been received. All the other families of note in the valley thronged to Dunlora on the appointed even ing, and the newly-wedded pair might have t been consoled for the neglect of their nearest friends by thie congratulations and compliments lavished upon them. With the halo of her new Ihappiness around her, Savella looked almost radiant, t and Philip could never be less than pre eminent in grace and beauty over every one brought in comparisonwith l him., He' 1 p irs tis s.iI,;iyeerl.,e=si~ i w~and guests;:'do parted front tihe feast satiofcd tlht the match was a most suitable one, and could not fail to prove fortunate. The nest morning Philip said to hiswifel "I suppose the people at La Fontaine t mean to cut us altogether. Rather a cool proceeding on thIeir part, considering the position they Ihold as dependents upon us; oh, Savella?" She lauglhed as she replied: "It's lucky that my aunt did not hear a you say that, cars ,aio. She would have been tempted to fly at you, and shalte you, and pull your Ihair, as shie used to do with me, till I grew strong enough to fight my t own battles." a Philip was fastidious, and hIe regarded t the speaker with a Ihorrified expression. " Savella ! you cannot be in earnest. You s have never really fought witllh your aunt ?" h "Of course I have; would you have had s me to submit to be buffeted at her will when I had fingers anrd ails, with strength enough to use them? But you need not look so-so I scarcely know how; for she r has treated me witlh iore respect since I F have been declared an heiress. Of late, she has only lashed me willth hier tongue, but C that has all tihe venom of a scorpion." "My poor girl," he tenderly said, "I t must try to msake up to you tihe bad treat- t ment you have so long borne, by being s doubly tender to you. Bult if your aunt is such a female fury, Ihow am I to get along with her? I will niever bear her taunts to you, if she attempts to utter them, now you f are my wife; nor will I submit to be scolded by her myself." " You may as well prepare yourself for the infliction, for you will have to bear it, Philip. I can suggest but one remedy-" "And what is that, my angel ?" "Get ridof her. Yes- send both Iher and Mr. Summerton back to Europe, for I shall never feel that I am really my own mistress till they are gone." " My dearest Savella, you give me new have thought of this, but I did not believe you would consent to it. The Senora has so long had the charge of you that I feared you would be unwilling to part with hier." " Before I knerv and loved you, perhaps I mighlt have been, but you suflice to me i now, Philip. My aunt wishes to return to her own country; she Ihad some absurd vision of taking me there to mrarry me to a nobleman, but I Ihave found smy prince Ihere, and I wislh himn to reign over my heritage witlhout being interfered withi by others. Give them enough tolive on com fortably in Italy, and both sire and Mr. Summerton will gladly go back again." "I will provide liberally for your aunt, but it seems to rme that thie tutor has no claim on you beyond tihe payment of the salary agreed on between himself and MIr. Fontaine for teahing you what I fancy you seldom learned." " His oflice of late has been ratlrer a sine cure, but thlat was niot as much hlis fault as mine. I was tired of lessons, andr I evaded tlhem wheneveri I had an excuse to do so. I don't understand thIe bond Ibetween thIe two, but I warn you thIat if you explect to deal effectively with Senorra roselli, you must incirde Mr. Summnerton in Ithe bargain." " Ishad no idea Ithat your aunt was so pious as to require thIe service of a domes tic chalplain," replied Ph'lip,, wvilth a scarcely repressed sneer. " I will feel my ground, and if it proves indispensable to pension him too, I suppose I mrust do it to get you all to myself, m'y precious wife." Am I really precious to you, Philip? Do yoi love me as thle one desire of your Iheart, even as I do you? Sometimres I asn afraid that the very excess of my love may cool yours." "If it does, Savella, I should prove my self the most ungrateful of men. My dear girl, I owe you toe much ever-to underrate you, I assure you." "Don't speak of debt to muse, Philip. I will have nothing like bargain and trade in so divine a thing as love. Ours is a thing apart from worldly considerations, and I will not have you talk of-wealts I cari be- I stow on you in that style. What is mine is yours to do with as you please." " You are the dearest and most disin terested creature in the world,' said Phi lip, with enthusiasm, anid Savella.raised her love-lit eyes to his with an expression of perfect trust that touched Ihim, and made him thrink that he would endeavour to be all to hier that she so confidingly expected. He presenstly recurred to the topic with which tire conversation Irad opened. " I cannot understsnd tire tactics of the Senors. I begin to tlrink I hrad better ride over to La Fontaine and see how things are going on mnysell." "I do not visl you to do trat, for if my aunt is not preiarvd to receive you as my husband shle Inrigint give ?eu na specimen of her terrrpvr tirat nvnnlnr I tr prepnoseess you inr Irer four. -r r. Sumtoerto has great influevico witlh her, and hie has judgment enough to corlrprelervd thint their authority over me is at art end. They both know very well that without your consent they cannelt raintiin their position at La Fon taine, and if you give them time to get over their first cralhr, they will do what is right. I am very Iruppy here; happier than I have ever been before in my life if Dunlora is not as grand a place as my uncle's, it is to me a far more agreeable one." Whtile she was speaking, a servant came in bringing an open letter, with a message from Mr. Vane. Beside it, on the waiter, lay a second one, addressed to Savella, in tire superscription of chich she recognised the writing of her aunt. (To bF continubd.) 