K A SIDELIGHT ON f -HISTORY. PARKES' VIEW OF THE O'FARRELL CASE. What He Says in His Book. And What the Facts Say. No. II. THE ALLEGED DIARY. This' journal was not produced in court. For its non-production Pnrkes was, possibly, Hot personally responsible. The responsi bility rested with tho Crown, however. This assertion is proved by evidence boforo tho committee. Asked whether a document of the kind should not have been shown to the prisoner's counsel, Mr. Williams, Crown Solicitor, replied ho had nothing to do with that. "It was not the duty of the Crown to suggest defences. It is the principle of Crowu prosecutions not lo withhold evi dence that might be favorable to the prisoner, but there was a difference between keeping back evidence and suggesting de fences. The Crown would not produce evidence favorable to a prisoner unless called upon." This, one would think, would bo sufficiently damnatory of the Crown practice in O'Farrell's case j but worse was to come. Question 3221, put by tho solect committee to tho Crown Solicitor, was: " Do you not think that in a caso of proso- cutiott of this kind, where the prisouor's de fence was insanity, this diary was most im- tortant evidence for the jury to consider? (Mr. Macleay) ask you as a matter of fact as a lawyer," The answer to that question, given by tlto Crown Solicitor, as a lawyer, was "Yes I" this generation answ ers " yes !" too. That question is put, not to lawyers, but to the common sense of all later generations, and we doubt not tho answer from the pre sent generation of historical students will bo also in the affirmative. Read the extract from the ulleged diary ur.d then ask yourself whether the entries are not the maunderings of a crazy brain : — " And beforo its ugly nose will got a tweak it little dreams of. . . Fail i I cannot. I am alone, and surely I can trust myself. . . If I had my will every English ship in these colonial ports should have been de stroyed. Shall I write once more to the dear nine? . . , lam to die in a few weeks. . . It will bo a fine soul-raee to somowhere, nowhere, or nihil. . . Woo to you, England, when the glorious nino carry out their programme. There was a Judas in the twelve— in our band there was a No. 3 as bad, but his horrible death will, I trust, be a warning to traitors. . . Play the fool like Brutus. . . . Be a ... . joker, a fictus, a good-natured, tender fool and mountebank. Do excessively Billy things in smalt mutters. ... It is well. Tho Saturday Review calls tho nation the O'Dood. Very funny 1 . . . And so, for pages upon pages of semi- illegible munuscript, continue these blather- mgs of an imbecile. Incohcrdnoy of phrase aud distraught fancy ; a sentence reflecting insight in things as they arc coming occa sionally between the unmistakable vapor- ings of a lunatio— this is. the "private journal." Let us, however, assume, for the sake of argument, that O'Farrell's trial wa3 an absolutely fair one, as Mr. Williams pro nounced it to bo, and that tho verdict would not have been affeuted by the production of the diary. The dark fact then remains that its dis covery mainly accounts for the " ICiuma Ghost." On one or other horn of the dilemma must Parkcs hang. If the diary was worth anything as evidence it should have been produced at the trial. If it was worth nothing as evidence it was nn- pardonablc to evolve from it tho " Ghost." Remember the quoted allusion " to No. 3," and to No, 3's horrible death, and you will have the fons et ortgo of the statement at ICiama "that some person " in the secret of tlto conspiracy had been foully murdered. If a ghost was ever contuinod in a nutshell, the kernel of the shell is in this private journal. Aud now behold tho Biiell com plete : — the evolution of "theoiiost." On August 24 Mr. Parkcs, being then Coloniul Secretary, is reported to liavo made the following statement to his constituents at Kiama: — " Wo are told — the police were told in tho ordinary way oi information — long before the Duke of Edinburgh lnnded on theso shores that his life would be at tempted," And further on in the same speech he is reported to have said : "I do not hesitate to say here that I have in my possessien evi dence, which 1 can produce at any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed, indepen dent mind in the country that we had just and large grounds tor every step of precau tion that we, as a Government, took ; and though perhaps we, as a Government, might have been coutcnt to allow tho damning evidence to have remained unknown, still, if we are to be taunted, misrepresented and vilified by a complete storm of lies, we may, in justification of ourselves, yet see fit to lay this before the world. I havo tho evi dence in tny possession, and I can produce it at any moment. I can produoo evidence, attested by affidavits, which leaves no doubt in my mind that not only was the murder of the Prince planned, but that some person who was in tno secret, and whoso fidelity was suspected, was foully murdered before the attack wun finally made upon the Prince." From the date of this immortal utterance six weeks elapse, and then the classio groves of Jamberoo resound to confirmatory sen- tences. iraruos oaae tne gnosc again wain. " He repeated the (Kiama) statements. . . . The words (at Kiauia) were uttered doliberately. Every word was studied. . . . He was prepared at auy timu and at any place to defend them." The soul of true heroism here !— tho true stuff of which martyrs are mado 1 He has damning evi dence— and is not afraid to publish it. Un paralleled bravery 1 "the damning evidence i" In tho face of that hcroia assertion it is, however, somewhat disconcerting to learn -that tho damning evidence has never been produced. And more I That Mr. Parkas said he never would pro duce it. But wo had better give the hero and martyr's own words. Asked by Mr. W. Forster on June 7, 1869, " Havo you produced (to the select com mittee) all tho documents you consider im portant ?" he answered, " No j I havo a num ber of letters which 1 consider important, aud which had a matorial influence iu form ing my impression of the state of things at the time. These I have not produced, and nevor shall produce." That last assertion has, to do Sir Henry justice, nover been falsified by tho sequel. Hero, at least, ho was veracious. Put how reconcile it with the Jamberoo utterance? Can you defend assertions, and especially such assertions, without producing the evidence on which they were based ? No, emphatically no 1 "the new crime," Failing the production of all the ovidcnco for the Kiama utterance, we havo to put up with what was produced. It waB not tho matorial, of course, of the charge against O'Farroll that Pnrkes referred to, but of something beyond — evidence, in fact, of " a now crimo." Tho cvidenco as to this naturally divides itself into— (1) The "other statement" received synchronously with O'Farrell's dying declaration ; (2) the " in formation" furniahod by a gaolbird and one Benedict ; (3) that supplied by O'Furrcll iu conversation. Now, let us not forgot that it is the presence of " this new crime " which was Parkcs' justification for the Kiama utteranoe — for hiB opening tho gates through whioh poured the flood of seotarian hatreds, whose devas- tation has not been overcome with all tho intervening years, for the stirring up of I internecine strife among, to that time, a ; community at peace with itself, ft was on j April 21 (as above mentioned) that " tlto new kind of crime"- coriieB into the view of the historical student. This crimo "was deeply seated within thecolony. "What was its natttro ? The general belief was that it was a criminal -conspiracy for the purposes of j treason and assassinution. From April 23, j 18G3, to January 7, 1SG9, tho country be- | lievud such was the significance of Parkcs' words as reported in the ,S. M. IIeuald of April 22. On January 7 Mr. Parkes said : ; "Nosuoii words were reported; no such 1 words were uttered." He repudiated the I words; but ho had withheld his repudiation i for eight months — time enough for them to bite incurably into the mind of tho natiou. Thoy scar the popular mind to-day. the famous "other statement." Revert toour chronology, nitd you will find that Parkcs in disclosing tho " now crime " referred to as boing " auothcr statomcnt," opened at the same time as O'Farrell's dying declaration. From whom this statement was received Mr. Parkcs, both when Colonial Secretary and beforo the select committeo when he had retired from ollice, declined to say. In reply to question 991 he replied, "I decline to state from whom it came." Captain M'Lerie, Inspector-General of Police, inferred it waB from Benedict. Con fronted with Captain M'Lorie's viow, Mr. Parkes assured the committee that ho was aware that Captain M'Lerie could not say from whom it camo or from whom it did' not come. Perhaps it wa9 charitably assumed at tho time that Parkes did not. know from whom this document, from which, with the pencillingB and maunderings of a lunatic, U'fiS evolved f.hn "f-ilmnr " hurl pnm/v as a matter of faot— tho assertion is now made for the first time in print as a substantiated fact and not as a mere inference— the famous "other statement" did emanate from Benedict. the numorous benedict. Just as every great movement spawnB its parasites who go into the cause for what they can cot out of it, so every period of panic breeds its peculiar typo of veual creature. That genial humorist, Mr. H. R. Benedict, who had first offered his services to O'Farrell's counsel — Benedict, ex - constable, watchhouse- keeper, bencli clerk and — something else ! — in Tasmania, introduced himself to Colonial Secretary Parkes in the very nick of time — was the principal of tho mercenaries who sold themselves to tho State. Was it not proclaimed far and wide throughout the colonics that 1009 golden sovereigns should he paid down for the conviction of each of O'Farrell's accomplices ? Was the chief executive officer of the Government not keeping open oflico for the reception of tittle-tattle and spite ful gossip, canards aud magisterial telegrams, suspicions, inferences, beiiefa and doubtings ? Was lie not, therefore, a good market, for iugcuious inventions— to use no briefer and harsher term ? Of course he was ; and so Mr. Benedict, being refused by O'Farrell's counsel, offered himsolf to tho Government, and was accepted— we may not say bought — by the Government. And a pretty dance he led the Government and the police ! To rend the correspondence to day is to have tho face wreathed iu smiles and the sides shake with laughter— till the thought suggests itself that tli is trickster, this manipulator of Honorable Puppets, was an authorised instrumontof the State and a paid emissary of the nation ! Then tbo laughter subsides. This creature, an official dealer in men's honor, nieu's liberties, men's lives? This creature crcdcntiulcd to another Go vernment? Was ever anything bo dis- picabic ns tho conduct of this fellow, unless it was the conduct of his employers? Ho first oi all invents a statement, palpably inconsistent with itself, as to O'Farrcll being on the date of tho attempted assassination in company with four associates — he can klULC Ilia iUMlj UO QUjrOt 1 IIU UUlUUlal OCCiG tary commissions him ; pays him money — money of the State; credentials him to the Government of Victoria ; sends him to Melbourne and Ballarat 1 waits eagerly (yon may be sure) for reports ; Here is a specimen of what the Honorable Puppet receives:— "I bog to reiterate that my expenses have exceeded my most sanguine expectations, and absolute necessity alone lias compelled me to ask the favor of a further loan of £40 from you. . . All the men (i.e., the suspeotcd accomplices) arc under strict survoillanco, for wbich I havo to pay very handsomely. Impecmiiosity may possibly seriously retard my progress. My efforts will remain un abated ; but without means I cannot vouch for tho acts of my assistants. The docu mentary evidence which I so much coveted, and whioh the Attorney-General thought so essential, is now forthcoming." Think of it ! For another paltry £40 the Honorable Puppet could havo secured the living, breathing bodies of the conspirators. And yet ho didn't send the remittance. Ho had only to send the money to securo tho conspirators in order to prove his truth and confound his enemies. Ho didn't do it. Why? Had ho by this time awoke to tho true character of Benedict, which his sub ordinates had understood from the be ginning—or did his Premier, Mr. James Martin, think it time to ring tho curtain down ou tho farce? Anyhow, Benedict disappeared without tho £40, und the con spirators were loft at largo to preparo other "now crimes." A Benedict of a less humorous stamp was Mr. Charles Miller, or MyerB, or Smith, or Hallam, or Hallman. Under sentence passed March 10, 1868, of 18 months' hard labor for stealing a gold watch, he was discharged to free dom on May 6 following " in consideration of his having communicated important information to the Government." The Inspector-General told Parkes the man was " an infernal rogue." Yet he was granted his ' freedom to obtain evi dence as to tbe working within this colony of Fenian organisations. Alas, for the cullibilitv of honorable DUDDOts ! Alas, for tiie country which, at the nodding of tho puppets, lias waged internecine strife on such evidence t Need we add that the re sult of Miller's, otherwise MyerB1, efforts encouraged tiie belief that Captain M'Lerie had not incorrectly estimated his character. the prison conversations. From Benedict and Myers, or Miller, Mr. Parkes, when on tho gridiron of exami nation (January, 1869), deolared ho had received no evidence. That statemont is indubitably true ; they had no evi dence to give. They were schemers, who saw that there was a good local market for inventions and suspicions and inferences; and they set to work to supply tho niarkot. The question, howovor, is not as to tno vaiuo of their services, but bb to the faot of their employment at all. Tho shanto and disgrace attaches uot to them so much as to the Government which set them to work to gain— somehow— infor mation to bolster up a false position assumed iu heat, anger and terror. Would— to pass to our next point — any Government not as mentally unbalanced as tho criminal O'Farrell himself have gone to the extreme step of surreptitiously noting down a prisoner's talk prior to placing, him upon his trial ? People of this generation, who were children in 1868, will start at tho wrong hero suggested, but tho suggestion is true. Ou threa distinct occasions tho accused O'Farroll was conversed with, to all appear ances, with openness and no undisclosed motive, and almoBt every word he uttered was taken down by a shorthand reporter. On two occasions tho man who conversed with tho prisonor was Parkes ; on the third it was Principal Warder Bernard. We can excuse Bernard, for he was hut act ing on instructions. For Parkos there is no excuse, save that he had lost his mental balance in tho panic of tho time. Standing himself in the corridor by the open door of tho prisoner's cell he interrogated O'Farroll, and was answered with tho garrulity which ever distinguishes the crank, and which is never to bo found in a conspirator. And behind the door was the shorthand writor with bated breath and stealthy pencil jot ting down tho words— of doom? No; of delirium. "You can confide in mo," said tho principal warder (with tho shorthand writor behind the door). And so O'Farroll did — ho confident that curious mixture of sense and nonsense, of truth and fiction, which tho distracted mind of a cultivated poison throws off unconsciously. There is nothing in these reports inconsistent with the theory of O'Farrell's insanity, much that is consistent with that theory; und, besides, iii his calmest moments when soothed by the ministrations of religion, and on tho very cvn of tho execution of his sentence, O'Farroll wrote — "I had no foundation for stating that there ivns a Fenian organisation in NewSouth Wales ; no human being had the slightest idea of my object." Butthessnity or insanity of O'Farrcll is here bosido tho issue. What of that oxecutivo officer of State, who, in tbo words of the Crown Solicitor, " did a thing never done before" — never done since — never likely to ho done again. Wiint slinil bo the verdict of his tory upon his conduct ns to these gaol talks, and upon his action in taking them ns a foundation in pnrt of his Kintna speech ? the conclusion of the whole matter. After 24 years Farkes reaffirms his bolicf in O'Farrell's anility, and in tho existence of a widespread treasonable conspiracy. "As to tbo existence of such plots at various times tbo cvidonce that has existed is overwhelm ing." So PnrlccB says now; ho said tho Baino thing at Kiama. But that over whelming evidence he has from April 21, 1808, to tho presont day deolined to produce. He refused it to tho public at the time it enmo into his possession ; he refused it to the select committee ; he refuses it now. On a question of public justice no man has a right to refuse evidence, espe cially when ho has been the sworn Minister of his Sovereign. Is not tho inference then, just and imperative, that ho has no And what that is wo have shown — surrepti tiously obtained notes of tbe prisoner's talk ; delirious pencillings of tho prisoner; "un signed statements " of a gaol-bird ; " con fidential communications" from that artis- tio schemer Benedict. This is Purkos' overwhelming evidence ! He appeals to it " to vindicate his reputation !" If ho has vindicated it words aro meaningless. To the present generation it seems as if tho judgment pronounced at tho timo by the Melbourne Argus, when it termed his con duct " unparalleled atid unpardonable," must stand as the last word, another " last wond." Stay — there is yet another last word to be pronounced. And that shall issuo from Sir Henry Parkcs' own hps: "This lamentable occuronco had a thoroughly bad inllucnco on the political life of tho country. Crimination aud re crimination arising out of it have not yet lost their effect. In our elections thousands of votc3 have been given under the dead weight of prejudices contracted from tho rancorous animosities, friends beforo woro never friends afterwards," True, most fatally true ! But who was it took the skull of O'Farrcll and held it aloft, os though it wero a gonfalon, to stimulate to conflicts between brother and brother, friend and friend, citizen and citizen? Parkes — tho "unpardonable Purkes 1" 