INADA, THE LILY. By H. B.IDEB, HASrSiB,!). COPYRIGHT, 1S91. ny H. EIDER HAGGARD. [AU RIOHTS RESERVED.] CHA1TER XIV.-COKTIN-D-ED. . Now once more a silence carne upon the place, for nil were fearful. At last ono cried : How 18 this man named who lins won the body from the ghosts ?' ' I am named Galazi,' I answered. 'Nay,' said he. 'The Wolf are you named.* Look at the red wolf's hido upon his head !' 'lam named Galazi, and tho "Wolf you . hare named "me," I said again. ' So be it, I nm named Galazi the Wolf.' 'Methinks ho is a wolf,'said ho. 'Look, now, at hiatteeth, how they grin! Tin's is no man, lily brothers, but a wolf.' ' No wolf nnd no man,' said another, 'but a wizard. None.but a wizard could have passed the forest and won tho lap of her who »its in stone forever.' ' Ye.«, yes ! ho is a wolf-he is a wizard !' they screamed. 'Slay him! Slay the wolf wizard before ho bring tho ghosts upon us !' and they ran towards mo with uplifted spear?. 'I am a wolf indeed,' I cried, 'and I am a wizard indeed, nud 1 will bring wolves and ghost.* upon you ere nil is done,' and 1 turned and (led so swiftly that soon they were left behind me. Now, as I rau I met a girl, a basket of mealies was on her head, and iii her hand ebe bore a dead kid. I rushed nt lier howling like a wolf, aud I snatched the mealies from her head and the kid from her hnnd. Then I fled on, and coming to tho river,I crossed it,aud forthat night I hid: myself in tho rocks beyond, eating of tho mealies aud of tho flesh of the kid. ' On tho morrow at dawn I roRe and shook the. dow from the red wolf-hide. Then I went 'on into the forest and howled like a wolf. They heard me, the ghost-wolves, nnd howled in answer from far aud near. Then I heard the pattering of their feet, aud they came round me by tens and twenties, and fawned upoin mo. I counted their number ; they numbered three hundred and sixty and three. ri ' Afterwards, I went on to the care, and I have lived hero in the cave, TJuiBlopognas, for nigh upon twelve moons, and I have oecome a wolf-inau. Por with the wolves I hunt and raven, and they know me, and what I bid them that they do. Stay, TJmslopogaas, now you aro strong again, and, if your courage does not fail you, you shall see this very night. Come now, have you tho henrt, Umslopogaas ?' Then Umslopogaas rose and laughed aloud. 'lam young in years,' he cried, ' and scarcely come to the full strength of men ; yet hitherto I havo not turned my back on lion or witch, or wolf or man. Now let mo see this î m pi of yours- this inipi .black and grey, that runs ou four legs with fangs for spears 1' 'You must first bind on the she-wolf's hide', Umslopogaas,' quoth Galazi, 'else before a-man could count his fingers twice there would be little enough left of you. Bind it on about tho neck and beneath the Rärins, and see that the fastenings do not burst, lest it bo tho worse for you.' So Umslopogaas took the groy wolf's hide sud bound it on with thongs of loather, and its teeth gleamed upon his head, and.ho took a spear -, in, his hand.'"* Galazi also bound on the hide of the king of the wolves, and thoy went out on to the space before tho cave. : Galazi stood there awhile, and the moonlight .fell upon him, and Umslopogaas saw that his face grew wild and beastlike, and his : eyes nh one, and his teeth grinned beneath 'his curling lips. Ho lifted up his hoad and howled out uponjtiio night. Thrice Galazi lifted his head, and thrice ho howled loudly, ' and yet more aloud. But before ever tho echoes had died upon tho air, from the heights oi the roclcB above, and tho depths of tho forest beneath, from the east and tho weBt, from tho north and tho south, there came ' bowlings in answer. Nearer they grew and nearer; now there was n sound of i'eot, and a wolf, great and grey, bounded towards them, nnd nftor him many another. They came to Qnla/.i, fawning round him, but ho beat them down with the AVatcher. Then . of a sudden they Baw Umslopogaas and rushed at him open-mouthed. 'Staud and do not move !' cried Galazi. ;'Be not afraid ! ' . ' I have over fondled dogs,' answered . Umslopogaas, ' shall I learn to fear them now ? '. Yet though he spoke boldly, in his heart ho was afraid, for this was tho most terrible :of ali sights. The wolves rushed on him open-mouthed, from before aud from behind . HO that in a breath ho was well-nigh hidden. Jby their forms. Yet no fang pierced him, ¡for :as'they leaped they smelt tho smell of thc skin upon him, and dropped down at ' his feet fawning and licking him. Thon. Umslopogaas saw that the wolves leapt at him no more, but tho she-wolves gathered round him who wore the she-wolf's skin. \They. were great, and gauut- and hungry, *alf wore full-grown, there wcro no little . ones,* and their number was so many that he could not count them in thc moonlight. Umslopogaas, looking at their red eyes, felt .his.heart become as tho heart of a wolf, and "he, too, lifted up his head and howled, and tho she-wolves howled in auswer. ' 'Tlie pack is gathered; now for tho hunt !,' cried Galazi. . Make your feet swift, my brother, for wo shall journey far to- night. Ho, Blackfang! ho, Greysnout! \- Ho, my people, black and grey, away ! away ! Ho spoke and bounded forward, and with him Umslopogaas, and nftor them streamed .the, ghost-wolves. They lied down tho . mountain sideB, leaping from boulder to boulder liko bucks. Presently they stood by a kloof that was thick with wood. Galazi stoppod, holding up tho "Watcher, and with '? him stopped tho -wolves. ' I Binell a quarry,' he cried ; ' in, my t people, in !' Then the wolves plunged silently into tho \- groat kloof, but Galazi and Umslopogaas drew to tho foot of it and waited. Presently there came a sound of breaking boughs, and lo I beforo them stood a buffalo, a bull who lowed fiercely and sniffed the air. _' This ono will give us a good chaBo, my ? brother ; see, ho is gaunt and thin ! Ah I that meat is tender which my peoplo have hunted to the death ! ' As Galazi spoko, tho first of tho wolves ' drew from tho covcret and Baw the buffalo ; " then, giving tongue, they sprang towards it Tho bull saw also, and dashed down tho \- Lill, nnd after him came Galazi and Umslo . pogaas, and with them all their company, _njid the rocks shook with the music of their i.hun ting. They rushed down the mountain -eido, and this came into the heart of Urnslo. pogoas, that he, too, was a wolf. They j rushed inadly, yet his feet were swift as thc swiftest ¡ no wolf could outstrip him, and in him was but one desire-the desire oi proy. Now they neared the bordors of the forest, and Galazi shouted. He shouted to Greysnout and to Blackfang, to Mood and to Deathgrip, and these four leaped forward from the pack, running so swiftly that theil bellies seemed to touch the grouud. They passed about the hull, turning him from the forest aud setting his bead up the slope oi the mountain. Then the chase wheeled, the bull leaped and bounded wp the mountain side, and ou ono flank lay Greysnout and Deathgrip, and on the other lay Blood and Blackf.mg, while behind carno the Wolf Brethren, and after them tho wolves with lolling tongues. Up tho hill they sppd, but the feet of TJinslopogaas never wearied, his breath did not fail him. Once more they drew near the lap ot" tho Grey Witch, where tho cave wns. On rushed the bull, mad with fear. Mo rushed so swiftly that the wolves were left behind, since here fora space the ground was level to his feet. Galnzi looked on Utnslopogaas at his side, and grinned. ' You do not run so ill, my brother, who have been sick of late. See now if you can overrun me! Who shall touch tho quarry first ?' Now tho bull was ahead by two spear throws. Umslopogans looked and gnrjnud back ot Galnzi, ' Good !' be cried, ' away !' They sped forward with a bouud, and for a while it scorned to Umslopogaas as though they stood side by side, only the bull grew nearer and nearer. Then he put out his strength and the swiftness of his feet, and lo ! when he looked again he was alone, and the bull was very near. Never were feet so swift as those of Umslopognas. Now he roached the bull as he laboured on. Umslopogaas placed his hand upon the back of tho bull and leaped ; he was on him, he sat him as you white men sit n horse. Then ho lifted the spear in his hand, and drove it down between the shoulders to tho spine, and of a suddon the great bu Hal o staggered, stopped, and fell dead. Tuen Galazi came up.' ' Who now ia tho swiftest, Galazi,' cried Umslopogaas, ' I, or you, or your wolf host ?' ' You are the swiftest, Umslopogaas,' said Galazi, gasping for his breath. ' Never did a man run as you run, nor ever shall again.' Now tho wolves came up, and would have torn the carcase, but Galazi beat them back, and they rested awhile. Then Galazi Baid, ' Let us cut meat from the bull with a spear.' So they cut meat from tho hull, and when they had finished Galazi motioned to tho wolves, and they fell upon tho carcase, fighting furiously. In a little while nothing was left except the larger bones, nnd yet each wolf had but a little.' ' Then they went back to tho cave and slept. Afterwards Umslopogaas told Galazi all his tale, and Galazi asked him if ho would abide with him and be his brother, and rule with him over the wolf-kind, or seek his father Mopo nt the kraal of Clínica. Umslopogaas said that it was rather in his mind to seek his sister Nada, for ho was weary of the kraal of Chaka, but he thought on Nada day and night. ' Whore, then, is Nada, your sister?' asked Galazi. ' Sho tarries in the caves of your people, Galazi ; she tarries with the Halakazi.' ' Stay a while, Umslopogaas,' cried Galazi, ' stay till wo are iiien indeed. Then we will seek this sister of yours and snatch her from tho caveB of the Halakazi.' Now, the desire of this wolf-life had entered into the heart of Umslopogaas, and he said that it should be so, and on tho .morrow they mude them blood- brethren, to bo one until death, before all the company of the ghost-wolves, and the wolves howled when they emolt the blood of men. In all things thenceforth these two wero equal, aud the ghost-wolves hearkened to the voice of both of them. And on many a moon- light night they and the wolves hunted to- gether, winning their food. At times they crossed tho river, hunting in the plains, and tho people of the kraal would como out hearing the mighty howling, and watch the pack sweep across the plains, and with them a man or mon. Then they would say that tlio ghosts wero abroad and creep into their huts shivoring with fear. But as yet tho wolf-brethren and their pack killed no men, I but game only, or,, at times, elephants and lions. Now, when Umslopogaas had abode some moons in the Witch Mountain, on a. night ho dreamed of Nada, and awakening soft at heart, bethought : him that he would learn tidings concerning me, his father, Mopo, and what had befallen mo and her whom he deemed his mother, and Nada, his sister, and his other brethren. So he dressed himself, hiding his nakedness, and, leaving Galazi, descended to that kraal where the old woman had dwelt, and there gave it out that he was a young man, a chief's son from a far place, who sought a wife. The people of the kraal listened to him, though they held that his look was fierce and wild, and' one asked if this were Galazi the Wolf, Galazi tlie Wizard. But another answered that this was not Galazi, for their eyes had seen him, Umslopogaas: said that he knew no- thing of Galazi, and little of wolves, and lo 1 while be spoke .lhere.,came' an itnpi of fifty mon and entered the'kraal; Umslopogaas looked nt tho leaders of tho itnpi and know them for captains of Chakn. At first ho would have spoken to them, but his JShlose bade him hold his . peace. So he Bat in a corner of tho big hut nnd listened. Pre- sently the headman of the : kraal, who trembled with fear, for he believed that tho impi had been sent to destroy him and all that were his, asked of the captain what was his will. ' A little matter, and a vain,' said the cap- tain. 'We are sent by the king to search for a certain youth, Utnslopogaas, the son of Mopo, the king's doctor. ? Mopo gave it out that tho youth was slain by a hon near those mountains, and Chaka would learn if this is true.' ' Wo know nothing of tho youth,' said tho headman, 'But what would ye of him ?' _ ' Only this,' answered tho captain, ' to kill' him.' ' That ÍB yet to do,' thought Umslopogaas. ' Who is this Mopo F' asked tho headman. ' An evildoer, whose house the king has eaten up-man, woman, and child answered tho captain. . CHAPTER XV-DEATH OP THE KINO'S SLAYERS, AVUEN Umslopogans Leard these words his heart was heavy,andu greatangörbumed in his breast, for he thought that I, Mopo, Svas dead with the rest of his houso, and he loved mo.' But ho said nothing: only,.watching till none were looking, ho slipped past the backs of the; captains and won the door of the hut. Soon ho was clear of the kraal, and; running swiftly, crossed the river and carno to the Ghost Mountain. Meanwhile, tin captain asked the headman of the kraal if he knew anything of such a youth ns him foi whom they sought. Tho headman told tin captain of Galazi the "Wolf, but tho captair said that this could not be he, for Galazi hat dwelt many moon» upon the Ghost Moun- tain. ' There is nnotheryouth,' said the headman 'a strangor, fierce and strong and tall, wit! eyes that shine liko spears, lie is in the hm now ; he sits yonder in the shadow.' Thceaptainroseandlookedinto the shadow but Umslopogaas was gone. ' Now, this youth is fled,' said the headmnu ' and yet none saw him fly ! Perhaps hi also is a wizard ! Indeed, I hove heard thal now there are two of them upon the Ghost Mouutaiu, and that they hunt there atniglil with the ghost-wolves, but I do not know il it is true.' ' Now, I am minded to slay you,' said thc captain in wrath, 'because you have suffered this youth to escape me ! "Without doubt it is Umslopogaas, son of Mopo.' ' It is no fault of mine,' said tho headman. 'These young men aro wizards, who can pass hither and thither at will. But I say this to you, captain of the king, if you will go on the Ghost Mountain, you must go there alone with your soldiers, for none in these parts dare to tread upon that moun- tain.' ' Yet I Bhall dare to-morrow,' said the captain. ' "We grow bravo at the kraal of Chaka. There men do not fear spears or ghosts or wild beasts or magic, but thoy fear the king's word alone. The sun sets give us food. To-morrow wo will search the mountain.' Thus, my father, did this captain speak in his folly-he who should never see another sun. Now, Umslopogaas reached tho mountain, aud when he had passed the forest-of which he had learned every secret way-tho darkness gathered, and the wolves awoke in the darkness and drew near howling. Umslopogaas howled in answer, and pre- sently that great wolf Deathgrip came to him. Umslopogaas saw him' and called him by his name ; but, behold ! the brute did not know him, and flew at him, growling. Then Umslopogaas remembered that the she wolf's skin was not bound about his shoulders, and thereforo it was that the wolf Deathgrip knew him not. For though in the daytime, when the wolveB slept, he might pass to and fro without the skin, at night it was not so. Ile had not brought the skin, because he must not wear it in the sight of the men of the kraal, lest they should know him for one of tho "Wolf Brethren, and it had not been his plan to seek the mountain again that night, but rather on the morrow. Now Umslopogaas knew that his danger was great indeed. He beat back Deathgrip. with his kerrie, but others were behind him, for the wolves gathered fast. Then he bounded away towards the cave, and he was so swift of foot that the wolves could not catch him, though they pressed him hard, and once the teeth of one of them tore his moocha. Never before did he run so fast, and in the end he reached the cave and rolled the rock to, and as he did so the wolves dashed themselves against it. Then he clad himself in the hide of the she- wolf, aud, pushing aside tho stone, came out. And, lo! tho eyes of tîië wolves were opened, and they know him for one of tho brethren who ruled over them, and slunk away at his bidding. Now, Umslopogaas sat himself down at the mouth of the cave waiting for Galazi, and .be thought, Presently Galazi came, and in a few wordB Umslopogaas told him all his tale. ' You have run a great risk, my brother,' said Galazi. ' "What now ?' 1 This,' said Umslopogaas : ' these people of ours aro hungry for the blood of men ; let us feed them full on the soldiers of Chaka, who sit yonder at the kraal seeking my life. I would take vengeance for Mopo, my father, and all my brethren who are dead, and for my mothers, the wives of Mopo. "What say you P! Galazi laughed aloud.. 'That will be morry, my brother,' he said. 'I weary of hunting beasts, let us hunt men to-night.' ' _ ' Ay, to-night,' said - Umslopogaas, nod- ding. 'I long to look upon that captain OB a maid longs for her lover's kiss. But first let us rest and eat, for the night is young ; then, Galazi, summon our impi.' So they, rested and ate, and afterwards went out armed, and Galazi. howled, to the wolves, and they came j in tens - and : in twenties till all were gathered together, - Galazi moved among them,1 shaking, the Watcher, as they sat upon their haunches, and followed him with their fiery eyes. '/We do not hunt game to-night, little people,' he cried, ' but men, and ye love the flesh of men.' -, .? Now all the WOIVOB howled as thoy under- stood. Then the pack divided themselves as was their custom, the she-wolves following Umslopogaas, the dog- wolves following Galazi, and in silence they moved swiftly down towards the plain. They came to the river and swam it, and. there,, eight spear throws away, on the farther side of the river was the kraal. Now, the old Wolf-Breth- ren took couusel together, and Galazi, with tho dog-wolves, went to the north gate, and Umslopogaas with, the^ she-wolves to the south gate. They came thero safely and in silence, for at the hiddiug of tho brethren the wolves ceased from their bowlings. The gates were stopped with thorns, but the brethren pulled out the thorns and made a passage. As they did this it chanced that certain dogs in the kraal heard the sound of the stirred boughs, and awakening, caught the smell of the wolves that were with Umslopogaas, for the wind blew from that quarter. The dogs ran' out barking, and presently they came to tho south gate of tho kraal, and flew at Umslopogaas, who pulled away tho thorns. Now, when the wolves saw the dogs they could be restrained no longer, but sprang on them and tore them to fragments, and the Bound of their worrying came to the ears of tho soldiers of Chaka and of the dwellors in tho kranl, so that they spraug from sleep, snatching their arms. And as thc}' came out of tho huts they saw in tho moonlight a mau wearing a wolf's hide rushing across the empty cattle kraal, for tho grass was long and the cattle .were out at graze, and with him countless wolves, black and grey. Then they cried aloud in terror, saying that tho ghosts wero on them, and turned to flee to tho north gate of the kraal. But, behold ! hore also they met a man clad in a wolf's skin only, and with him countless wolves, black and groy. Now, some flung themselves to earth screaming in their fear, and some strove to run away, but the greater part of the soldiers, and with them some of the men of tho kraal, came togethor in knots,'being minded to die like mea'at ' the. teeth of the ghoBts, and that though they shook with I fear. Then Umslopogaas howled aloud, and howled Galnzi, aud they flung themselves upon the soldiers and the people of thc kraal, and with them came tho wolves. Thon a crying and a baying rose up to heaven. ns the grey wolves leaped ana bit and tore. Little they heeded the spears and kerries of the soldiers. ¡Some were killed, but the rest did not stay. Presently the knots of mon broke up, and to each man wolves hung by twos and threes, dragging him to earth. Some few fled, indeed, but the wolves hunted thom by gaze and scent, and pulled them down before they passed the gates of the kraal. Soon all were down, and there was nothing to be heard but the noise of worrying and of the dreadful death of men. The Wolf-Brethren also ravened with the rest. Busy was the AVatcher, and many bowed beneath him, and often the spear of Umslopogaas flashed in tho moonlight. It was finished ; nono were left living in that kraal, and the wolves growled sullenly as they took their fill, they who had been hungry for many days. Now, the brethren mot, and laughed in their wolf joy, because they had slaughtered those who were sent out to slaughter. They called to the wolves, bidding them search tho huts, and the wolves ontered the huts as dogs enter a thicket, and killed those who lurked thore, or drove them forth to be slain without. Presently a man, great and tall, sprang from the last of the huts, where he had hidden himself, and tho wolves outside rushed on him to drag him down. But Umslopogaas beat them back, for he had seen tho face of the man ; it was that captain whom Chaka had sent out to kill him. He beat them back, and stalked up to tho captain, saying : ' Greeting to you, captain' of the king ! Now tell us what is your errand here, beneath the shadow of her who sits in stone?' and he pointed with his spear to the grey Witch on the Ghost Mountain, on which the moon Bhone bright. Now, the captain had a great heart, though he had hidden from the wolves, and answered boldly 'What is that to you, wizard? Your ghost-wolves have made an end of my errand/ Let them make an end of me also.' 1 Be not in haste, captain,' said Umslopo- gaas. ' Say, did you not Beek a certain youth, the son of Mopo?' 'That is so,'answered the captain. 'I Bought one youth, and I have fouud many evil spirits,' and he looked at the WOIVOB tearing their prey, and shuddered. ' Say, captain,' quoth Umslopogaas, draw- ing back hiB hood of wolf's hide so that the moonlight fell upon his face, 'is this the face of that youth whom you sought ?' 'It is the face,' answered the captain, astonished. ' Ay,' laughed Umslopogaas, ' it is the face. Fool I I knew your errand and heard your words, and thus havo I answered them,' and he pointed to the dead. Now, choose, and swiftly. Will yon run for your life against my wolves ? Will you do battle for your life against these four ?' and he pointed to GreyBiiout and to Blackfang, to Blood and to Deathgrip, who watched him with slaver- ing lips ; * or will you Btand face to face with me, and if I am slain, with him who bears the club, and with whom I rule this people black ¿nd grey ?' ' I fear ghosts, but of men I have no fear, though they be wizards,'answeredthocoptain. 'Good,' cried Umslopogaas, shaking his spear! Then they rushed together, and that fray was fierce, For' presently the spear of Umslopogaas was broken in the Bbield of the captain,; and he was left weaponless. Now, Umslopogaas turned and fled swiftly, bounding over the dead and the wolves that proved upon them, and the captain followed with uplifted spear, and mocked him as he came. Galazi also wondered that Umslopo- gaas should! fly from a Bingle man. Hither and thither fled Umslopogaas, and always his eyes were on the earth. Of a Budden, Galazi, who watched, saw him swoop for- ward like a bird and stoop to the ground. Then he wheeled round, and lo 1 in his hand there was an ' axe. The captain rushed at him; and Umslopogaas smote as he rushed, and the blade of the great spear that was lifted to pierce him fell to the ground, hewn from its' haft. ¡. Again Umslopogaas smote: the ínoon-shapéd axe sank through the stout shield into the breast beyond. Then the captain threw up his arms and fell to the earth. .. 'Ahl' cried Umslopogaas/ 'you sought a youth to slay him, and have found an axe to be/slain by it' I Sleep softly, captain of Chaka.' ,, ... ' '. , . Then: Umslopogaas spoke to Galazi, say- ing :' ' My'brother, I will fight no more with the spear,: but with the axe alone j it was to seek an axe that I ran to and fro like a coward. But this is a poor thing! See, the haft is split because of the greatness of my stroke I Now, this is my desire-to win that great ¡ixe' of Jikizo, which ÍB called Groan-Maker, of which we have heard tell, so that axe and club may. stand together in the fray.' ' That must be, for' another night,' said Galazi. 'We have not. done so ill for once. Now, let us search for pots and corn; of which we, stand in need,-and. then to the mountain bofore"dawn findius.'.' . ,, Thus, then, did the Wolf-Brethren bring death ;on .-the impi of: Ohoka, and this was but ; tho ' first of ' many deaths that they wrought with the help of the wolves. For ever they ravened through "the land at night,, and rfalliug on. those they hated, they ate them up, till their name and the name of the ghost-wolves became terrible in the ear's of men', and tho land was swept clean; But . they found that the wolves would not go abroad to;worry everywhere. Thus, on a certain night,-they set out to fall upon the kraals of the People of the Axe, . where dwelt the chief Jikiza, , who was named the Unconquered, and owned the axe Groan-Maker, but when they Deared the kraal tho wolves turned back and fled. Then Galazi remembered the dream which he had dreamed, in which the Dead One in the cave had seemed to speak telling him that there only where tho men-éators had hunted in the past might the wolves hunt to-day. So they returned again, but Um- slopogaas set himself to find a pinn to win the axe. To he. continued in Saturday'* Unite. 