[NOW FIRST PUBLISHIIED.] A FATAL PAST. BY DORA RUSSELL,,, ,' Authlor of "'FooTPrINTs IN TH'n Seow," "Tnar BnoKENr SEAT,," " TIE TRACK OF1 THE STORM," "A BITTER BIRnTHRIHT·," &C.;, &C.; [ALLr. IIHTS :RESERVED'.:: SYNOPSIS OF. PREVIOUS CHAPTEIRS., Currtns 0. a!s tr--trleao.ol'Fiolo 1ocio. poseo and to oo er dni ext e t ItOt ic d en, ree le h 's s nym s t eri ntO s o Onln n, i . o, anb mneanr o Sar. Tw'iss,. nn old lawyeer'sclerk.'' Til that ihe will y ato nto receidr ye.lry tle sour t roo,. thtl lsou theiso enclosed in bani n eot. As orcciheo tileo Ltol s moovolueits wao itohel y a lsdyhi al illllcr oI'e'nt. Alter her dleprture Mro. Tlois omonienoicatne to be bbsd a rtor eornhino t, shenly tlcu slo hond lou thoe S or Ils ownh 'odsnkie. Lordofln Lad1y Eonslolo' sloe o'esio nflteroirtld are 1ill a boo at tre thete, nsn loch eand nafrienl of lns, 'i.nArlltr Culrzon,'nre litroduoed sothe When Lord and Ldy Ennisnoro gaoo rnthey take a look at their tinfant bol as lie Is wol i yloi n ills cot. eep i ,"whispered the myother, little saelsaing of thn tse0lcld swordi which hono over (the child's Ileihbt head. CiIn RS I1I. A01 I-.-Lordd nd Lady Ennismloro retrned ltoe ebinloryl and are Hviited by Mis Heleon Druounnoom end isso 0inalr, two Igy and s8nightly girls, who lc)l tlhe home! lihe Elelsmor lively. During their stay tlire. all oeorolprised by thoonppOarano of lurzon 'nod Itoehb, but' sody Enldinlore is oodly troubled by theiro odvont, ,tolou-l bo endeavours to conceal her ksittion. o . , ,. o'. CIIHAIPTER V.--TE HEIR. ''... Lady EenismTuoroN wos al woolau eof tlie world. Site had been trained in thi socloolwhlicl teaches us to hidte and suppress.the strongest feelings of, our noature, bo it toot all lier training to nmeoet Hele oan d bochet apparently, unmoved." : c. Huot slto doid meet t helm tus.a Shi receivedt th eln with the smi liig courtesy of lianno r for. whicl slei was remarkable.bc : : "You have arrived, tthen " she said to RochIe,, anc ue sil ooHk halds with limi. "Did you neet. ni i laintcap girls amolig tile hills?" " * rletn jtumtped off lier potty at tltcse words,' nsll slid ler arm Ilinroug ady RY E isin oro's.' "*Yout ust not scold," slhe said, puttinl- her prett.v face coaxillRly ull to lier triend's. "Judy wosmit ;a bit to bamen--I would tgo-w-e went up. to tlo station to see the train come in, andl ir. rnocle hatil Mr. Cllrzon gob out-oand they didn't. know tIe way, so we said they might coonie sitth o os-" - : r ng, l. o o h" alld tills is thse young lady who calls lersolf t:ladln ' Prolriety, ir. Hoclle " answered Lady' Eiisntore. " Wellt, my dear, Islatll not scold, ,ou tllis time." Anti she haid hIer ilands caress ii]gly on tlte young girl's shoulder. * icareclt htad lelen tIhus cxpatined how sloe catec to be with tochle, whon-Julia and yousfgv Ciuzaou joited tlthet. f r ; " o '1 tktew my old friend again at once, Lady Slnnisaore and eloliled lier acquaintance," said Citrzoti, loolking smilingly at Julia. "AAnd If Itinl?;" lie odded. " Iscoanotholr old friend hLrce I 'And Ctrczon shoolk tohand with lMaud' Binglam, Lfady' tiiiistnor's second'daughter, by swhom" slhe w i'iuoe ltmanied, rid wllo was. rather ah jrtcuiir-inooktilg girl of twelve. . " "Ilow si re you, Miss PuncliT'" he said; , . "1 so very well," answered MLIiss Punch; "lhnt I do not ins tile least remember whoayou '" Vhet a blow .to oy lvantity," said Curzon, lautiglitg. "Whatn Have you forgotten all oiy doelcate at.lettions to' you, MIiss Punch-all the : love I tiade, lo0ig, long ago?" . "I re cember you 110tw," said Miss Punch. "Youi often walked with Mntiss Sinclair--and she said you were a pert, pretty boy." " Oil, Miaud 'I" exclaimed Lady Enuismoro;,' re provingly, wtile Helen Drummond and noche toliea I aloud, for Curzon absolutely blushed, andit was youug enough to feel annoyed. ." And tlisyoung gentleman I" said Roche, tlhe nest inome t, pattintg the cheek of the beasitiful boy Laby Ennismoro's side. " What is your naole, sir 1" . "lIobert Patrick Binsain , commonly called Pat," said Ifelen, answering for the child. " Isn't thliayour nae, PatI" " * ' ' Klobert Patrick Bingham, and Ishall be Lord Elitiistnorc," said the boy, lookting up with.his iiloeent, fearless blue eyes in Rochto's face.c "Ilsi, hush',' darling," said Lady Ennismore, and she stooped down and kissed her little son's Inoilitt eurls. "Never tallkof being Lord Ennis.' ltore--it would he a' sad, sad day for mother' thei slie hteard hoerboy called by his father's .pol, en . csm .okd' ielore tlIe clhild coiLld resly, Heoen Drummon.d hld caughit himin in fer 'arms, a'ad had' raountcd' oIlil oil one of tlc dun ponies; -. . - " ComeI,'Mster Pat, she said,'" let us see how wellyou can'ride;"' ' ' ' Pat, withl tie sweet changcableoiess of child hood, alt once forgot all about lis father's name. "I call ride better than Jtdy,' he said, '"'cause she's a girl." ' ' - ' "Anid yo thinkl boys can do aiytllins better' litan giols, Pat!" said'Eochei sitiling. "o Al, young nmall, you lhave.lid yet coin to the age of wistdoin." And lie looked with his mlecrry, dark eyes at lHfelolinas lie spoke; ' • '" "Antd you have come o to Ite age of wisdom, of cotorse I" said Helton withi some otlrcl Iiss.', "L have cooIe to the age at Ieast'when I; Nadireo girls mlore tlan boys," answered Eocoe, still miliug. i"Men in ny opition are not to be eoiparel to vo uen.t " ' ". '-e ""a w?" cOlnluen oti ore tlian meu," said Hoelen. "And wtliat do yosu knowr aboutacting child?" asl;ed Lady Eionismore, wiblh a sad ring in lier voice, and a sotlowliat sad loolk in tier eyes, as they fell on Helen's 'blooming face. "What story hbool have you bIeent readTIig, Hloe'. .'or of tie real acting on life's stage you can know no "Not yet," said Rocle, for Helen blushed and did not speak, " but her timeo will come, Lady Einisnlore. : We all play our parts, you know, in toie tragedies and cometidies around us." : "True," said Lady tnnislopre, and slIe gave a quick, low sigi. ' . ' - .' - AtAnd tills sturdy boyl : continued Rochle, putting Ilis arm round thie little lici.' 'ho'was still iountled onl theo pony. "Life will'bo always a pretty jolly.kind' of comedy:for him; ellc " ' "As far as we can foresee,", answercd Lady Enlttistore. "I shouild lilke to Ichange places, with',hlim," siti Idoclie, liglity. - , .. . Again, Lady Etnismore gave a quick low sig'i, and then sio looked genltly, almost pityingly, in olie yonniug an's good-leooting face. " f liot0 'our life will be ihappy also,"sho said. "l]ut lool:, slhe 'dded':quicklty, pointing tb a hoose before Ilicn, slwhich' ' - suddeoi turn of the roald lhd brought ltn view , :" yonder is Bracken lord. I wais liorn tlitlee, Msr. Hoclie--and--iand atill the tragedies of ony life hase :liappoted blcneli l liltitl roof." ' ',' ' ' " " Tle tragedies of your lifel" repeated aoclie, loolkitg at Lady Eillismoldre i suihrprise. ,,,I sup isose youaro joklilg, L Ldy Enishliosc,' your'life toanihave had oto tragedies I" ' ' . : : "How cat you tell" .atnstse rd Lady nnlis mocte. "One grloat'traged t t ehat all:bllt w'orld klloes Itaplipeed 'tlhere':" My 'young brotlher, Normna, itn rlite prite of lis'litfe, was carried into tlat liouse with a fatal gun-shot wound 'ln his throat. It killed oily motlher; 'lats was tragedy ellOllgl, wtras itlnote .Yes, I r. olchoi, ttlero are sliadot's over manty lives which outswardlysceim all fair titd bright." ' . ' ... :' Ladiy Etenlsisoro's lIp is qulvci'edh ; ad lier cheeks Iluehld as she saild' these. words, and lier cis Iloche felt coivinced' from that momnlot ,.that all had not gone smtootth io tbhe career oh tiis alparontly intost'irsp'roprous lady. " We all hlave some' troubles, I.suppose", he "Yes," ansvered Land Eniiismore absently; as if hicr i'lnd wCereC'still dwlld'ling on sone paitnful suliject. Bitt suddenly, withalhnost at inlpaticlot gesulire, shie roused- herself. ' "You willb thiek 'you: aire gbing to. a very melchieloly tilace,: I fcar; Mr.. .loclhc," she said, looking af tle .youug nin. with 'her charminns smlile. " but I assure T'ou it isnot so."No one ecai be tilatnchlo ly witti Lord Ennislnore. IIe has thi briglhtest lllteper, tthe. 'swetest teniper'I evero ilet. lie is like a big chld I toell hin; ansd he haIs trried into lid(Idle ags'all'te .lc joyousness ot extreflie youtl."' :', '::., ' . . .. " He is a lucky Itant"a'i iisso eled Rochle. "He is a hlappLy man, I hIope,"' said Lady Ennls. more. ".Youo shoul so e hlim withl thie cllild," ,and , lo,.,lookled bactk l: at her boy as she sitid thllis, whot 'wair at fev y'ards behild thelm, still otn Helen''s pony' 'who was loading It. ' "'Lord Ennismoro' worslips tltat boy,", sloe added in l a lowertone. "Sofuetulnes I fear lie loves lnim to nuchtl-lhat ' li a ilythig were to happen to "You muist oiot' tfink ofrnything happening to Pat," sild Rocle klindly. "Do you tknow thlat I ehall b'ghif to think you take sad views of life, LadylEhxnisttore;" "I an older tlttasyou arc and (tlat explainlo it," solaid Lady Ennlisitoro, and again sloe stiiled. " But hllreswe are 'at lloflle," shlIe contiued, for tlchey ltad now reacied ta wall wliiclh enclosed tie private grounds of Brackenford, at tillis spot, and lno whticol there was a small locked door.way whichf Lady Etnfismnore opented wiLh a tIside iLis wiall ovcryilnit, tbold of wealth. Thie Ihouso at; 'raclonlord o was Iult literally on tile hilltside, hut thle hlll.side wai culli villed illalnd adorned, andl a rt as VCll ;aS inature, hadcoontrived to lnlake tle place woui. doerfully beautiful. T'liere \vlero irstic bridges ovsr it gitit lintg little streLtnI thlat fell gurgligi down 'arililcislcasciade.s and rockvorork, atid toiur. nlured througfh woodrs anld thickets and terlt Ir, wstlie aborve all-tow'ring Upt gtlalnd and grey ware tile great lillts wlsici io Ii hid hlial touchied. T'he loueo \ottao ioicUblteSlitl' Lbiollli solllowhiait t fancitil. Ir. Mrblthldll lihad iolei a rich Ianiit a soy ri'ch lalti, a1oid lie Ihad lbult ilt hlls |1o1c il I oit colountlig tlie cost. 'tlieu Ilite iniitortiuiatt young Noriiitit .'illldeti, wlie ]inild died uucli at untimely ldrll, Iotild added aud Inoiprov'el ulpol Itls falher',t plai.o. A itd lits trroul inolhicr rid decorate'd the illterior of thle plhce alreti a[le, lier lilulantd's dciitlhIor santoe blitld bride, whlolt it was wllhril sred, si iad iriled heilr only iol to Iali f'lcili fturiiihilig tl ' tii tocl.Iitll but l ih Ijn'uutl old dalut wlo iliad loughll it Itl had ietni catrried away witlhi s lrolkeo heart frol tle Ilotmdst of lher slellc. dou Lntady iolnismoro limd ilnherited everythling, all tile list I, roplerty, the coal tlltfst tltu Iron works, and Lord Ennismore was a very rich man, and the child heir to a great inlieritance. Boche could not help thinking wllat a luchy little fellow this child was as he walked through the place with the beautiful mother. [ils own childhlood had been a somewhat sad 1and(1 neg. lected ,one. He could releilllber neither Ills father nor his ilothel, :rand hlie hadl been brougllt up by his uncle, Colonel 1loche, of thie Engineers, who was a liot-tcnlpercd soldier, fond of his ownl way, of winlle and good living, and dlevoted to ils iprofession, andl a v.elry ardeniit admirer of the fair sex. Withll this narrow-nlindeld, though brave and honourable 1nl1 (for Colonel RoehiO was a dis. tinuigllcd soldier, and haild seel hard worlc and 11011 taken his place right gallantly in the front during the last thirty years) Francis Roche had spoentl is chilllihood alil boyhood. Vherever his uncle went hlie had taken the boy. Francis Roche had thus been a great traveller, and llad rouglled it iii many places, thougll, to do Colonel elocie jntice, lie alwaiys did vhat ha thought-best for his nepllew. In flis way le was fond of hiii. But tlhe Colonel was only lifty-a hlandsome, soldier-like man still-and hlie might marry, andL so hlie bad never called Francis Roche his heir, ior encouraged anly explectations of the kind. lie allowed thie younlg 11an o0110 hundred a year, and it was understood betwecn themn that when Francis got his captaincy that this allow ance shlould cease. Thus Francis Roche had beens peculiarly without home ties. H-1o went to stay with his nncle dirins'ghis long leave each year, wherever Colonel Itoho happeud to be stationed, and lie wirote to' him eachl montll, and this wais all he' ever saw of his relations. : l'tMaLe your own way, ny 'hey, with your sword," the Colonel once told him "You bear ni holnourable namle, live to miltke it more hlloidurabla, iad henl you 'dio let your epitaph \- be agallant eoldier-'s." : , - : - . ," , Somelehow Francis Roche knew by that subtle instinct'with whsichwe discerlithe real feelings of those around us, that -howover early he diod: 1the death of a "gslllt soldier " that this event swould "n01 break his uicles heart. He was justified, ltherefore; in saving lsomewhat- sadly to Ladiy Elaislore, as tley waled through the: bIeautiful grouids of icraekeilforl, and as hle thought of tlhe happy fate of the young heir of' all Iicis wealth, Ludl. so much love, that lie (F'raiicis)-alhvaysifalt ,llimself so lonely in tile world. , "I ve no oane ho particularly cares for moe," lie said. :"E veryonl else has a mother or sister, I thlink; but I hlave no one--11no one to love me -nor to thilnk about me, Lady Ennismore. If I were to die to-morrowy, there is not a single persoln who would shed a tear over my grav" - T'hese words seenied to touch Lady EIonis. mlore's synilprithetio nature- vel'y' daoply; Her dcelicate- skil flushed, alid she bit her lips, and for a Ilollent or two made no- answer to tilhe young mian's collilaint. Then, when she did s:peak, liher voice was faltering and broken. " -alow can you tell," she said," lwho cares for you--who thinks of -ouyou-youmay hlave friends Lllat you Iavecr guess off ' .... "-I ofear ot," aiswered Fraincis Roche withl a little laugh, " aid yct tie strangest thig hlap plienad only lately,, Lady Eiiismore." And he. proceeded totell liar the wshole story' of the mys tl-ious five hundred pomnids oith orhich he had' been piresented by Ir. Twiss in the lady's ward. robe in Buckinghalm Palace-i'oad. Lady E]nnismore listened and was appaiently very much interested in the tale. "It is a strange .thing indeed I" she said. '1~Vell, then, you see, my words are true--some oio must love you and care about you-or this never would have happened." - "I cannot unlderstand it," answered Roche, "and whlielI called the next day tlho old woman would give me no:satisfaction.l. She said the lady sent her love,'and would always think of me or some suclifolly." And Roche laughed. 'ilo iow Caii you say you have no o0e to :are for you" said Ladyr Rnismlnoe, speaking more lightly than she had hithlerto done. " Ah, r". Rochle, perlhips, too, some pretty young maiden will be caring very deeply for you one of these days."' "P'retty young maidens do not as a rule care for penniless soldiers, Ladly Ennismor," answercd tloche, with anotllher laugh, and per hlaps a little self-consciousness that he had not been' witllhout pretty young maidens to admnire him as he was. - "' No, I i must be conteixt, I uppose, to remain an 'old bachelor, like my uncle." SWllilo- Roche ,was still speaking they met a lady on .tlle narrow path on which they were walking, wvhlo stopped andt addressed Lady Ehinisnorer. \- "I ain gl:ad to see that you hlave met the young ladies, Lady lEnniumlnore," she said, "I confess I was begininog to be a little uneasy about Julia -I always am a little uneasy whncu she is alone withl 'Miss 3SDrummoind--Miss Drummond has such very lligl spirits." *"LThey are all rillt," answered LadyEnnis more, smiling. " 'they me CIr. Curzon, whom I dare say you remember, Mliss Sinclair- and Mr. Ro,'choe..: , Roche, as he tookofthis hat, looked with some interest ill Miss Sinclair's face, who was the governess of Lady onnismore's children. An attractive w soman was this governess, Caroliie Siilclair. -Not in her first youth, not exactly ;handsoile either, but with a certoan grace botlh about helr face and her slim,)'slght -ilgure which made up for absolute beauty. Sise had o pensive expression, and dark eyelashes and eyebrows, whilo her hair was light. Her toath owere strong and white and far apart from each other, and she had a profound (though veiled) Sself-admiration and self- consciousness. "Mr. Curzoln ?" she repeated, after Lady Ennis. Smore had spoken, looking all thle while as if she were tlrying toremember tlhe name. " Do I re collccthiml Letme see--was he a slight, good. looking youtlil" She rememi ered him perfectly as she said this. --She had lirt with Walter Cureou two years ago, hut it did not suit liher to admit this ,no~v. • Lady Ennisniore laughed. Sheo know quite :well.that her governess remembered MIr. Curzon, for Lady Enillismore knew lher governess's character bhtter thalln her governess supposed. Yet she only laughelld, for she noticed many of -tle weaknesses of thlose around her only with a siiile. , Miss Sinclair thoughlt herself very much cleverer thati Lady Ennismoro, and Lad Ennisi more:was contenlt that she should think so. Thlere was very little vanity about one of these women, and an immense anolunttof vanity about the otllher, but the vain one was not tihe clever one.= Lady Ennisinore's mind was larger, her intellect more acute, her judgment more sound, tlhan ller governcss's. But in one thling Iiss SSinclair liad perhlaps the advantage. Her heart was colder,: ialnd this spaired liher many a pang whichll wrung thile warm, proud, tender, sym pathetic, Lady Ellismore. i :Hero is dr. Cureoi himself," said Lady Ennismora, still smiling, looking round at the roup of young people bIehilnd, who had now a'y-approachcd tlohem. "Do you remember -hi nlow, Miss Sinclair I" 'hle governess loolred at Hr. Curzon, and 'fitllly smiled, whlile tihe young soldier advanced withli outstretched hand to greet liher. "How are you, Iiss Sinclairl" lie said. "It is a long time sinc e we mct--I am glad to see you ogpaili-" - "I--I--was trying to remember you," said MIiss Sinclair, "when Lady HEnlismore mentioned just now that you wore lhere. All--I tlllunk I do now-you used to play 1 wit eo childrou, did you not, in the schoolroom at Ottorloyl" "Yes," anlswered Cureon, tlurning very red; "I used to play with thle clildren.' Ail ifiss Sinclair smiled gently, feeling with satisfaction that she had snubbed MIr. Curzon. CHAPTER VI.-LovE's YOUNo DnEAs. Mad anyone asked Francis Rloche wlat lihe thought of 3rackenford dunig tile next feav days, hlie would probably have answered that it was lthe most delighltful place in the whole world. So at least it seemed to him. LadyEnlnismorae woe the nmost charminllg wolan lie hiad ever iet, he had told himself manly times, and Lord Ennismore was the jolliest, the kildest, the very best fellow hlie know. The otmosplhre of the whole hlouse was so genial iand full of life tllit young people were parlicuiarly 1ll1py 13 here. • knd more than once, as the early Noe-nlber day closed in, Francis lnoche had met iyh cllauice among the dusky fir trees a bright-faced girl,. herself tihe very incarnation of youth, hope, and ha phlincss, I 'hIli sswas Helen Drumlmond. Helen had always walked about the grounds a great deal alone wvhen shio stayed at lBrackenforl, aiind shel eaw no reasolnlOl why she saouhil iiot do so now, Somehiow Fradcis locie hilad diiscoverel this. Tllcy hand encountered each othecr on a certain eveing o01 o01e of the narrows' 11i1h5s anlolig the 11's a Belauh talking lier usual exercise before she dressed for dilnuer, anld locllo on his road to the house, having left Ille slortslmen oni the hills ,souolewhliat earlier thllan usual. 'They wecre very pleased to meet each othler,. T'ie coldl misty air hlad blrighitelsned hlfluci's brigchLt cheeks, an11 Ithorli could just see tile gils look in her eyes, and tlhe glad slnile on helr lips, wheni she recolgiseid llim. "I ever exEEtld to hlave the good luck to meet you at thins lOur," said Iloelle. " Tiat Is because you do 11no0 klino\ my ways," answsered llclen smiling. "''Ills is Ilmy favouriteO hour, aind nearly every afternoon I have ia ,vnllk Illi ho gloanillng-as swenorthl-country people call ii." " Anld whlat does Iiss Sinclair say ?" asked 1lochc, also siiliiig. " Ialo 1il o iie of Miss Sinclair's pupils," saidI IIelen, " She gives mle lessons illn Ilusic sollle tilmes wlhn I lull hlere, and lthat is all-I ldon't like Miss Sinclair 1" " She is ia graceful lookinlg woman, I think."I' " Yes, pierbl s--lut shi's not true, nlot hlolnst -Iiani cerlan tllalt hioe is 1ot0,' " \'lht decided elliOns you hIaveC I" .theslanghm/led, a guir', brgliht glad 1aug11, " Ofsiioui,, Iluhae' " sld .hl, I" I like pleopho immenisely, or IdiHlike them Ilulenisely." " I hollpe then youll don'tdislike me inuiiensely ?"' Hele laughed again, and this time blushi a little, but it was too dark for loclle to see lier bluhl, " lay I turn willstl you?"' said Roclhe, tilhe next nlinuLte, "] too like this hour, 1Ull the stillness, ,id the inist, eud liae ghostly look of lie Iih trees. iut alc iaou n ot afrall, fihlis l)llUalUonslld to o1) out I1 ia loilely place like this withiout iulsvolic to take care of youl Are you not afraid of rolobbers or ghIosts " "flow could robbers get into thoarolmdl"sai" d IHelen, laughing, "and as. for ghosts, I'm sure they won't hurt me, for I revcr did any hIrsm to anyone." "I elieve that," said Roche, fervently, and hllis tone auid manner, were pleasant to the young girl's heart. This was the first walkls that these two young people took beneath the duskly firs, but it was not tile last. Before they parted on this first occasion Roctre aslked Ielen if she would mueet hink agaiu Lo-monrrow. "We've had tlhe jolliest walk," he said, as for a few nilnutes they stood behind the walt of one of Lady Ennlsmore's conservatories before past ing, " ithe jolliest walkl I ever had in my whole life, miss Drummond-do you think you will come out at this time to-nmorrowv ?" "I iearlyalwaysI have a turn out at this liour," answered Helen, lightly, " but I must go in now \--I wint'sonie tea before I dress." Roche followed Helen into Lady unnismore's: drawing-room :na feow.minutesao after tlis.- Some country visitors were' tlhaie drinking tea, and Helen was stalidiing with' her sealskin hat in hc?r, halned, talking in lier usual bright animated way, to these visitors. .: , Thely were the two mainden sistdrs of theRe H . Peter Prescott, rector of 1ifortonbury. " Tlih Rev. Peteri was -a bachelor, and Missl Prescott I aid Miss Dorothiy Prescott livedl at the rectoraS hlouseo which was half-a-mile out of the little town. They werc twoo elderly, faded ladies these, full ot-good workss but jealous witshal' of their revereud blrotller. Mdrtonbury was a good living, antd Peter was simple about women hisr sisters said,-so neithler widow nor maid w'as very welcomne at tihe rectory. They guarded Peter as jealously as the eat does her kittens. Peter wias oi the wrong side of forty certainly, 'bit the Misses Prescott knew (perlaps from exsperience) tho determinidtion of desiginig ofeinales in wanit of husbands; ' They therefore watched: the rector withalynx-yes. , The Rev. Pete, indeed, was no doubt: wel worth lookinug after in the wiay of mantrimony. iThe rectory of \Iortonbury was in the, gift of a Sgreat .dlncal hlouse, and-while at college Peter Peiescott; hIad hIad tlhe good fortune:to risk his own life one dby insa very gallant and successful effort to save thie life of .young .Lord Algeinon, who was the second sou of' tlhe great ducal house, and wiho ivould certainly have been drowned but for the bravery of Peter Prescott. Lord Algernon did not forget this. Peter got his first curacy in a manufacturing towin, and laboured there in'l his quiet and unobtrusive way for iimay years..:.Then, at tle agoo of .ninaty,' old MI. Mloon, thc re etor.,of .Iortoanbury, retired into lthe 'sparsely flled graveyard of that town, where people rarely die,- except wrlen full of years. :. -.·.,. P: ' .' : J'' tUpon ibis eventeoccurring, Lord -Algerdion rc miindeedlis father, the iDuke, that if it laid iiot been for Peter Prescott, that the Dukie obuld nlowsvhave had.no second son. Tile Duke ac cordingly desired the rectory of Mortonbury, worth over two thousand ayear, to be presented tothe Rev. Peter Presdott, iwho was still con Steedly workin among his lnife-riiders. \- tIad Peter suddenly benu- elevated .,toithe peerage hi could siot have been nore sUrsiscad. •-Yars and years bad passed since he.ju.id-fi.,l-ed Lord Algornon out of tisa wvaterstflhllheaim . and Il sad never seen hIim. .uwobabraceae grouse lad certainly every year naishidd:,atltb Ise curate's humble lodgings in Slselhiellhvivlth.Lsord Algernon's compliments, but this -vishahl.Ptleer used to smile to himself someties wies hell~4 i ot ti-e grouse, recemebering tile wvlite agolsised face of tile young lord is Iis deatl-tliroes in til' river. Ault Pter made no sign and aslked no favour. Lord Algernon lhad forgotten him hlie supposed, and tile Slheflfield curate was a very hlumble minded man, and was content that it should be Imagine tlen his utter surprise when the Duke presented him with a living worth two thousand a year, and wheu he received a kindly wellexpressed, and grateful letter from Lord Algernon. . e" Do not suppose," nrrote his Lordship, "that I have ever for a inoment forgotten your great bravery wheu at the risk of your osn elife, you undoubtc edly saved mine. But I waited to tell you this until something worthy of you fell out. They tellme MIortonbury is a good living, and that there is a nice rectory-louse attached. Alay you live in it long, miy dear Prescott, and if uhe Rector of Mortonbury will honour ime oca sionally with an invitation to visit Iim, nothing will give lnme greater pleasure thanu to clasp once more tlhe honest Ihand which plucked me so gal lantly from tihe grasp of death." A lear dimmed Peter Prescot's grey and sern ous eyes when hie read this letter. He had been najust to this true-hearted gentleman, hlie was Sthinking, and to be unjust was grievous to the soul of Peter; He sat down and wrote a few words to his noble friend-cold, even still words, perhaps; but had Lord Algernoss seen him Iseceliui g h it is log, lanI figure, ansdl with hisi lean Isands clasped, whlsile he prayed iin heart felt accents that all blessings might fall on Lord Algernon's head, Lord Algersnos would have understood better the man's simple and tender nature. - As it was, Lord Algornon felt that lhe had done his duty-and paid Isis life debt, and the Rev. Peter Prescottwas congratulated on allsides. His parishioners presented himn with an address and a silver salver; his vicar fawrned unpon hilm, and as for'his vicar's daughters--well, Peter felt more at ease when hlie saw the last of Shellield. Bubt-lhe went away wvitlh tie goodwill of all men. W iomen had scarcely looked at hIim. IHe was poar, le was lean, he was ugly: therefore rwhat ellarms had hlie ill the eyes of womnen They 'mostlylook to the huskl and not to tlhe goodl grai withlin. But if he had no lovers siamont thesishe lhad no enenies. " hl-e was a good creature," they said, and none of them had heard lthe story of hIis Ihavinig saved Lord Algernon until the unexpected gift of the rich living told the tale. But if this gift gratifed the simple kindly heart of Peter, words cannot describe how it gratified and delighted tile somewlhat narrow and soured hearts of hIis two maiden sisters. These ladies were then living together in a siall coustry tons, iii a pooa', little house, wlere their fatler, tile late Rev. Peter Prescott, had been perpetual curate over foaty years. T'iy were leading only a very meagre asid struggling existence, though their irotlier, the curate at Shefleld, invariabily contrived to spare them fifty pounds a year out of his own scanty income.r. For the rest they Ikept a day school for young ladies, but young ladies did not flock in any overpowering numibers to the Misses Pres coLt's establishisment. WhTcn, therefore, one morning there arrived a letter with the Sheflield post-markl fromn Peter to tell his sisters the good anid unexpected snews of hIis promotion, these poor ladlies were alnost overcome withl joy. D)orothly, wrlo had a tendency to heart disease, nearly fainted; but contrive(l nevertlheless to read to the diend of the letter first before she "gave in." This letter lnot only contained the news of the Rev. Peter's apploiintment to tlie Rectory of tIortohbury, but it contained also a kindly aind generously-worded offelr to hIis two poor sisters of a 1lomne at the niew rectory-louse. "'They tell sn it is a retty ihalthy place," wrote ithe sindl Peter, "aiid I tf-rust, lay dLear sisters, tllat soule halippy days of rest are snow bletore you, anud that you will lioth live losag to enjoy them. Give up your little school, of course, at once, and come to fIortonbury as sooa as you can.I I enclose a cheque for accidental expenses ;" and so oil. "ie cheque was for fifty pounds, and tile hearts of tie Iisses Priescott scre greatly up. lifted. They salso Iaud hlad soucah sossibre grey. tintedt lives, found themselves suddenly in an atlmosphere of sunshlilnie, prosperity aid lattery. Theyleiel h l tlelir melagre sictlss higher thlans thmeir wont, anild walked witl plroud and elated foot steps during the rest of ltheir stay in tlhe little coutltry towa, \vlre s oten us adl oftei they hatl haul suschs a huard pinch for daily bread. T'hou they sold tleir scanty furnirture, and went to live at time rcetory-hiouse at fIortolsmry. They foiun it to btse "llace 11it for the resi mdeice of the highest gentlelman ia tIle liand," Mliss Dorothy wrolte to one of her old frieinds in the litle eiioutry oaowsi, where they had lept the school. Old Irt. Saooi (tile late rectos) Ihadl beeus La 1inl1 of taste a1d of wealth, aind tllere were conllservatories and vinelries at M\ortonbury, aund llower-beds glowing in all time beauty and glory of sunmmer, lhein tile two faded sisters arriveas there, just hlen thle evenilg sUi wais sattillg over the granid grey hbills h t ie hbatklgrouud. It sorened scarcely real at first this groat chanege, asld tlhmn little by luttll the MIisses Prescott got accustomed to their now lpositioll 1and settled donvr in tlheir conmfortahble homie. 'Ile butcher c:ame for orders, arld they1 ailost forgot thie timle wllien they coulsl scarcely get eredlit for thie end of a lneck of imutton I Yet, pcrlhaps, it was the memorty of tlhe " Ihard timh es" losng ago, that made them watch their brotler so jealously if an unwedded womanl applooalcmed tlls retlory. At ll evemnts they did watch him. i heun I-Helin I)ruuniond aid Francis Rtoche went ilte Lady l'anisloore's drawing'rooml andl fouad thuesm drinking tea tIhere, tie Maisses Prescott were both thinking of their hrother, aud think inug of himn ivsith somie ulneasinless. 'The cauise of thils uneasiness was thit tle Ryev. lCter lPres colt hiai beati seesi amday or tawo before talldisg ims tilt malul street of ltortonbury, to Miss Sims. clhair Lady Einismore's govcrlss. R'Tllhus, tile Misses Prescott felt unieasy, aud their visit oni thim occasion to Ladly Iflniulsnort was caused by this feellig. "And your daughillers, Lady sEnnisamore,i nIiss IDorothy was sayinllg just as ]:raciis Ioch OI sintere t the rioom, "Ilhope they are well m " " Qite well," ' l wel'cred f~adly lnhniisoros, conritously. "Aid--auld " contiuuetd tiss Dlorothy wvithi a little hesitation, "hIave you still the samse young piersol to ovcrlool teoir studies tllat you formecrly had f'" "m1lls Sirmclair Oh, yes," saih l T,;lEnfn'ts. anore slunillng, for the lisse. Prs'cott's allisiety about their brother was wall-kuown si (lsa phmice. "Mpiss Sielalir 'I" said IHelen DInunondml in hler bright fra'nk way ; "Oh I shl's quite an lsistlit tion Isere, Miss Dorothy. 1mo you tmmlk her very hiandsomeic All gentlmlem thlink her so hand.Imuu Solle, do.'t they Mr. Itoche, a1d so gracetful loolsi m " 1lole lisaoghed, forliesaws the gi rl was\ musing hrscrelf. "Of course I adlnire lies'," hue said. "Isee notling ll hier to nsiathie," sald Mils, ;Vorothy tartly, forgetting thsat a molnlleli before shie 1had pretended she scarcely ]knew whether Niiss Sticlair was at Blrackenford or not. A.: tlhis moment Miss Sinclair, and ,ellia and nlaud Bitghalmotn enCtered the dlrawig.room. '1 Icould not get the silk mnatchted in tlho ri'hte, Lady Enlismor.r," said Miss Sinclair, alluding to some silk for Lady Eunismore's etr. brotidery. " 1ut if you wish it, I can write for it,. to towen this eveonigng? "'J' Tllhan? yeo." said La:dy Enlln?inosore. "I dolltt lotnow," shIt addeLt. "' whcther youc loowooc I toe Itlics, MIiss Sinoelari Miss t'rcscotl., diss SinchliLr-- Miss DIorothly Prescotl." The three ladies bowed aL this introduciton- tle Misses Pr'escott very stiflly, Miss Sinclair ,veryy giraciously. , " IhOae not, had the pleasure.of meeting you before," said Miss Sinclair, in her cohn; lady-lil:e way, " bub I knoow your brother, the rector, very .well-w'e hmave just ?uet lhim.""... " daou. hussy," thlounClb ,Miss 'Dorothy. and she gave an audoblegruntof disapproval aosd moved uneasily eoll her chair. 'Iie'ave'us.suhls a heautiful eesorOu ono Suoo. day," centinued MIs' isSinelanir "lie srems to understand tIle hunmano hearl so well." ' An amnused smile quivered for a onomoent over Ladly lEnnislnore's lips at tlhese words.' Shesowao:o cleverer thalnihdr governess; and Miss Siuelair's ot?w. feelings were too.blunt quickly to. under stand tol feelinogs of others;. "iy brotlher' is' no fool," ailswereed Miss Do othy, ."he is not easily taken iti." " No, indeed, I should think noot," said Miss Sinclnir 'witi a cahln, lady-liko suiipriority of toie to Miss Dorothly' quicl irate words, for tlo poorjenalous sisoters uneasiuess was beginn ing to danvs on the govenosess's minid. "But clergy men must bh so greatly 'tried; I 'dare s'y peoople often o. to ohnim :and pretendl to he pdor,on.d all that kind Of thling, just to get mioneyl . And it; must he so hard to refuse oato ijopoal of any kind; don't :you thinkl so, Lady Ellislsnoolors " .: "My good friend, Mr. Prescdtt' would niot, I ami sure, like to refuse anybne," said Lady JItnis. more. ' '. " . "Bont he can saee through people," said Miss Dorothy, .with srpising bitterness of accent, niod'thoeo'sloesoddenly palsaud,'for'the l1ev. Peter I?rescott and Lord isnissmore at this instant actually walkled into the .room. " WLell, Miss Dorothy; and whol'is it thlat canl sed thirough'.peloele?"' said tihe. genuial lord, ad vsocsing with outsetreteltd halnnt to tile rector's sister. " "Were you talkinig abostl; e, rlhec I'voe got my bran ndwvglasses onss" And:lorld Enuis. miore gave hIis hearty laugh . "Miss Prescott.was sIpealcing of her brother," said Miss Siselair, in her soft, evei-tonedtl voice. " She was sanying that MPr. Prescott " (toand tiss Sinclair .soliled atl Ii'. 'Prescott as she said thlese worIds) "is nI eaCily taLken ini by people wh'o tly to delelselili."-" ' '" '' .' TAh, ossy friend r' said Lord'Easoismnoro, layiloi his big browsn hlanid'on tlhe rector's leann shoulder, "you wait till some pretty yooung wo'oiiai tries to delude you, and thieno we'll see whletlhert you'rn easily taken in or not l- 'VWe're all tihe srne, Prescott," lhe added, anotagain his jovial lughl ranog tIrough tim rooso, weoIsIess ca'no ensale ls of ns jist whenever it; plenses tiheim I" 1The rev. rector of,Mfortonlbury. blushed firoft bashfulness as Lord Solnisndre said tlhis, andt MIiss Doetlhy Prescott from rooge. - "'Tat's oa strsgeo thinRg to say, I thlink, Lord Euuisluore," she said. . "WhVat, that women cani mnoakhe fools of ns I Alh, my dear.lady, I've :,no doubt' if you wouldl tell us thle.trullth that. you hlave beesn at Eve'sworrk yoursilf before now' !" And agahil Lord Efnnismoreolaughed.' ' -" T'lis compliments '"rather. :mollilled Iiss Dorothy. But still she felt that it 'vas her duty to go. ' " ". . .. . d "Marlot " she said, loolkinig tt her elder'sister and gathering her various and 'many-tintdl wrais together; "it is tisme we were moving Peter, you will sce us lome"l" Once more Peter blushed,. "I hlave promised to-ah--dine with Lord Ensismore," he said. Mliss Dorothy gave a nervous shiv'er. "You Ioad better see us homen, Peter," shei repeated. 1'onosense, nonsense," said Lord Ennisumoore. Stay and dine with us yourself, Miss Dorothly." "It is impossible," replied Miss Dorotly, thlinking of her dress. "'1Then 1'11 see you home myself," answered tile genial Irislmn a. "You wouldn't take a young man like say friend the rector here away from all thlese charming young ladies l No, nso, cone along, iniss Dorothy, I'll see you safely home." Miss Dorothy gasped twice, and thlloe yielded. It wasl dangerous to leave Peter, but it was aometlhingo to be escorted home by a lord, and so Miss Dorothy yielded. As Itiss Dorothy and her sister quitlted tile room, tihe rector sat sleekily dowtn os a chalir, feeling exceedingly foolish. ie lad scarcely done no, vhen hn fouad l?iiss Sionclhsr sitting nxct him. "I was just telling your sister," she said, "how chlarmed I was withl your sermon on Sun day-yoo understand the hImona heart so well, Mr. Prescott." For tihe third time since he hlad estered the room, the lev. Peter blushed. "I-I-try to get along," hlie said. "Yot. l tow everytling, I thinik," said liss Sinclnir,.modestly. " You'are indedd gifted." Peter grasped tile arm of his chair. He felt powerless swhile this glib-tonguedl womau kept whispering her flatteries iu in s ear. (1T0 be Cootintued). 