(To the Editor ' Gvui'iu Times.') Sir, — Now or novor Boems to bo tho Premier's idea of the proposed kanaka legislation, as rovoalod rather pointedly recently by his speech in Bundaborg. Strange things happen in tho political camp, yet it is doubtful if any- previous ovent can equal tho feats lately performed by our Chief Secretary. Originally a democrat, claiming to bo so still, ho wanders into tho opposite party's atrong holds, is banquottod by thorn, ? and in re turn ho doolareB that it is most gratifying to find old political enemies at ono with him in opinion. In tho next, breath a cortain party who have not changod their opinions aro charged with tho meanest of motives in remaining steadfast, such as ' men who think bypocketing£300peryeor thoy will romovo all tho oviltt wo aro hoir to,' ' who won't work thomsolves nor allow others to do so ; an unoducatod, arrogant class of mon the colony could well aparo, but who live on tho simple working TOun)''_and many other complimentary references of a Bimilar kind. Such acts nnko a splendid performance, ; and aro likoly to be the dutiful' red herrings for tho coming gonoral election. Consistency will to pvMbeA to thq lMfcjpfQW«rt »«*w tho plea of dealing with poraoiiB of a re volutionary character. Fooling will bo put in tho placo of argument, and tho pow erful agonoios of a reigning combination omployod to promoto disunion amongst tho maBBOB. They will bo told how hard for mer legislators havo wrought in thoir in terest, tho Btako thoy havo in tho country, and how much bottor they are able to servo thorn (the workora) again. Thoso things, worthy in thoinaolvoB whon not usod to mislead, fall flat whon tho legisla tion promisod in 1888 is lookod for. A land-tax promisod produood a Spocial Sales of Land Act ; doctoral reform pro misod produced a bill to chock tho power of domocracy, which was too conservative for tho Assembly last yoar ; whilo tho main moasuroB that woro condomnod havo, with tho oxcoption of tho kanaka and land-grant railways, boon passed by a Government of which Sir S. W. Griffith is tho head. Thoso circumstances furnish jokoa for Ministers in their after-banquet speeches, and are so woll rocoivod that tho conclusion is forcod upon us that tho. pol itical conscience has boon soared with a yollow poker. Will somo ono tell us how much has beon done to assist othor branches of agriculture, which is four times more oxtonBivo than sugar culture, and oxcluaivoly tho occupation of thoso who will mako a country great and a nation honorod 1 Tho sugar industry has beon pamporod and pandered to, not becunso of its in herent worth, but simply on account of tho power it has boon ablo to wield through acquiring largo freohold oatates of tho most fertile soil in tho colony. It might truthfully bo argued that tho prpposod cheap labor is really doar, as it hoi boon demonstrated they can only compete on tho best soil and just bo long as it continues tho best, but that is not at all important atprosent, and may rest till it is clear whether corruption will bocomo honorod by an Act of the Assembly that language has no namo'for. The Promior is roportod to havo said, a fow days ago, that it is cor tain tho opinions in his manifesto will bo passed into law this year, and indicated that it would be done by tho present Par liament, which mot with a response similar to what follows when a Salvation Army captain requests his corps to ' Fire a vol loy.' Are our representatives like Hamlet's father's ghost;, afraid to stato what they know in public 1 Yours truly, A. F. 