AMUSING. Wagg ; 1 never see a contortionist with out «rreatly envying Mm." "Wooden : .rWhy so:'9 Vagg1: " Because he cart so easily mate botli ends meet.** Sue: **Ire3» you bare been drinking." iredi "X thought love was blind-" Sue : **ic is ~ but iiiut^ucua ana Res the sense ? of smell more acute."' "Wife: ~*HereI am roasting myself to death cooking you a nice Steele, and you ftm 0f me." Husbandr *A I was only laughing, my dear, to think what an. ea*y thing it is to be burned at the steak."' 3Irs Van Jeukyns r £i I see 3Irs Hoetong Is going to Lave * Kins: Lear * at her next private theatricals." 3Irs Xewrieh (mad with envy) ; ** Is she, the affected. tliln^r Do you know, I don't believe he's a real king at alL" This is a characteristic anecdote ot Rossini. On the death of 3feyerbeer, bis nephew. Jacques Beer, composed a funeral march in his honor, in a moment of weak ness, he asked Rossini -what he thought of it. *"4 Xot bad," replied the mactro; " but it would bo better if you had died and Meyer beer had written the march." l**arrner Roots-~ I am sorry we let our daughter go to boarding-school." 3Irs Roots- x'AYhy, Theobald Parmer Roots-" "VVaL. because it made her altogether too smart. You know I t^ive her ten dollars last week and particularly cautioned her to take care of it so's she'd have something to show for a rainy day. "What do you sup pose she went and doner" 3Ir Roots-"I don't kaow." Farmer Roots-""Bought four pairs of stockings-'* A Duicb widower, out West, whose better-half departed on a long Journey to the spirit land some months ago, determined the other day to consult the " rappers " and endeavor to obtain a spiritual communica tion. feeling anxious respecting the future state of his wife. These rappers were not the genuine "mediums." but a bogus kind -adventurers endeavoring to reap a harvest out of the late mysterious developments. Alter the usual ceremonies the spirit of 'OIrs Haunts" irranffested by raps its willimmess to converse -aith her diseonsolite sjxmse. "Yes, dearest, it is your own wife who " " One tain lie I you tevil of a ghost 1" in terrupted Hanntr. starting from his seat: mine frau speak netting but Deutch. and she never said tearest in ber life. It was always * Hauntz, you iiefl' or * Hauntz, you tirty sebkamp I' " the Dutchman hobbled from the room, well satisfied that the ^ rapping spirits" were all hum bugs, and that he was safe from any further communication with his shrewish frau on this earth. "3Iadam," said the tramp, a flu>h of outraged pride dying his variegated cheek. " X am aware that my appearance is against, me. I look like a vagabond in whose bosom there does not linger a vestige of the dignitv and self-respect that are inseparable front nature and well-balanced manhood. I have stooped to ask for charity. I have humbly craved the boon of a plate of «x>!d victuals to satisfy the gnn wings of a stomach that has been a stranger to food for six or eight hours " He stopped a moment, ; passed his han«? acr».»ss his eyes, and pro ceeded agaic z " X bade crushed back and trampled -upon my pride in order to stHl the cravir-rs of a terrible hunger X h:»pe y<?u may n*ver experience ; but if you think you can work otf a half section of "a factory made rhubarb pie on me. you have made the mistake of your life. I have the honor, madam , to bid you good morning." It was in the gloaming, and the happy couple sat very close beside each other on the garden seat. There was a long silence, and then Jane said, with a little sigh-" James dear, we shall be married this day next week." "* Yes, sweet, I know." Don't vou feel so happy! " she whispered^ as she fondly rested her bead on his shoulder. "Yes, Jane, veiy happy.'* *x Dearie me, X wish it were to-morrow." ** "Why r *7 he asked sympathetically. " Because* dear, I won't require to rise so early on these cold, cold mornings, to take in the milk, and to put on the fire," she replied with a little shiver, as ! if the recollection brought with it some of the actual discomforts. " Certainly not. my pet," be answered promptly. '4*And I shall have no nasty windows to clean. "Will I, dearr " " Not very likely, my little Jane." " And no nasty boots to brush. Isn't it so jolly, James r" she enthusiastically ex claimed. "Yes-yes-of coursej "dear." " You'ie a perfect gem of a fellow. It is so awftillv good of you. my own darling," and she edged a little closer to the " perfect gem." " How Is It so good of me, Jane, dearr" he tenderly asked. "To say that. It was such a relief to me, you know." Of -course-why-certainly! Some one must do them, my svreet girL "Who were you thinking of, Janer" ""Why, yos, of course. You'll do them for your little wife. It'ssogoodof you!" "Jane, dou't you feci it rather cold out herer I think we had better move inside before you catch cold. It is rather chilly to-night.'* They went inside, and Jane cannot understand why her " dear James" felt cold so suddediy. She did not fell it at all I They are not married vet. At a demonstration m Athens during the late elections, the new chief constable. Colo nel-Lieutenant Bairaktaris, surnamed " The 3Ian of Iron." on account of his severity, took prompt and rigorous measures to induce the crowd to disperse. A local editor was delivering an Incendiary speech from the balcony of tils premises, and continued to harangue the people after 9 p-rn., the limit prescribed by the police regulations. Bairak tuns, who iiati appeared, ou tne scene with a lanre muster of gendarmes and cavalrr, asked Mm i/y desist, but both the orator and liig hearers *£ood their ground-. Then tlie | chief constable determined to make nn ex I ample r he ordered the military to the front and commandedii Fire -r' The cry of terror, ; which tras raised by the gaping- crowd in ; stantly changed to shouts of derisive laughter j when the ranks opened an<L instead of a volley «>f grape shot, four powerful jets of -water played xzpon the mob and the speaker. 2>alrak±aris had, unobserved, brought four 5r<r engines into requisition, which cleared the square in a twinkling- Thus the unruly people. whom sabres and bullets mijrht have i iroaded to desperation, were tamed into sub mission by a sense of the ridiculous*. There luxve been no noet umal demonstrations since that eveninir. A recent 1'rench writer on " The devolu tion. the Empire, ai»d the Restoration" cites an amusing instance of what he calls heroic courtesy. Percy, Ltord Beverly, in vited to dine with him a marquis who "was one of the most valiant soldiers of the army of Comle. "Wishimr to honor his ^uest and the cause ^"hich he served, that of the French "King-, the English Peer ordered his butler to bnn«r him a bottle of fine wine 100 years old, " a ray of sun shut in crystal.** He opened it carefully, and offered a glass to the marquis, sayinir. '* If you deem it worthy the honor, -will you drink in this nine the honor of the Tying" Sr* Themarquis tasted the wine. **? How do you like it r7' asked the host. ri Exquisite," replied the marquis. "Then/* said Ijord Beverley, the glass ; only in a full glass can one drinlc the health of so great and so unfortunate a King*/* Without hesitation the marquis did as he was bidden. Only when the "FmeliBlnimn tasted the wine didie Itarn tLat what he had. forced ou bl« truest was cantor- oil. - - " 