in 11 1 1 \- -POINTS.'- The meeting of the Bowen Bridge Board ; yesterday afternoon contained tho elements of . a lively contest. But the chairman, strong in tho might of 4 . casting vote, sat it out with unruffled cahmxessi Nor even a chargo of slovenliness and " a : disgrace to any man" could draw him. Mn. George Down stood up valiantly in tho interests of Booroodahin, ana was ably sup ported by his comrade, Whiting. ; , Aitee having done his best to stop tho extra expenditure asked for, nnd failing, ne sought consolation for his side in tlio faot that having ' incurred £10 of unauthorised expenditure, there was nothing now to hinder tho othor side from going tlio wholo nnimnl, up to £17,000 ifthey liked. Whitimg'3 opinion that tho proposed trussing will not alter the deflection, because there will not ho enough of it, suggests that a further expenditure may after all bo nccossary, 1p it requires eleven hours to get a letter after its arrival in Brisbane, how many days should it toko for a letter to come from London ? This morning a bicyclist knooked over a Chinaman's fish baskets, scattering his fish on. Wiokhom street. In the most gallant manner the cyclist rode off, leaving John to pick up Itis fish amid tho laughter whioh the accident had caused. That man should receive special recognition from his club for his humanity. Fine weather, tlio weather prophets say. Well, get into your hath at. 6 o'clock, and yon will see, and fool, too, how fina tho weather is. Certain mechanics, not two miles from Wnrron street, must ho careful in future whon boasting about tincanning dogs, as pasBers-hy hearing of their trick informed. When they receive tho bill for damages done no doubt they will drop their bottom up, and their joke will ho less inerry. It is reported that property in Bnlimha is worth nearly £200,000. Who will buy P TnE quarantino inquiry is not going on for over ; it is going down tho river to-day. Mb. Stead has revived tho Fisher's ghost story ; and on being told it was all rubbish, he writes to Sydney for further information. Mrs. Norrie, of Gympie, who secured tha prinoipal prize in a recent Tattersall's sweep, has purchased for £2,000 tho estate of Mr. . Corley, sen, of Lagoon Pocket. In tho western distriot of New South Wales ' MeSbrs. Hudson and Co. uro said to purchase .10,000 hares weekly. . The samo firm has also arranged to receive . 30,000 rabbits woekly for shipment, from dis tricts infested with that pest. An nnurohist wont into a small restaurant iff Paris, and ordcreda good dinner. When the waiter presented the bill, the man rose with offended dignity. ? "I ah an anarchist," ho said, and stalked/- proudly into tho street, leaving' the. waiter bowing and smiling foolishly. - i ; . . The river steamer Mary has been wrecked again. : On Monday evening, when egg- laden, site ran upon a rook near tho old ooal shoots at Tivph, and was firmly fixed. They say that diseases of tho nerves are most. common in this century. / / Tins applies to countries where folk live : iff ; fear of war. v -' ///' But in Aus tralia tho prevailing 'disease '' is ' iff tho ohest ; an empty chest. . . Henkiox Ibsen has, out of a "Doll's House," and other like houses, made money enough/to buy a handsome house in Christiania, where he now UveA ..." . .William Henby Hublbebt, of whom the world has hoard muoh, has taken refngein a monastery in a sooluded French village. . What Henry, scoks, it is said, is not the solace . of religion, hut eseape from a oold and hitter world that would fain prosecute him for .. perjury- How would being "professed in religion" suit somo of our Australian defaulters P The newspapers bay that the King and - tho Queon of Italy will celebrate their silver . wedding next year, hut tl)oy have expressed' a strong desire that all public demonstrations should he avoided on acoonnt of tho country's bankrupt condition. It would complete their oare if they pro claimed a yoar of jubilee and commenced ovei again. ' \- Pehsons given to putting, things moderately " say that there cannot ho more tlum 1,000 ap parently ownerless, dogs on the streets of BnsV ' haw When British electors have turned out a Government, it should not he necessary for tho House of Commons to turnihem ont again. Only fanoy, Sir Georgo Dibbs is said to have recommended Charlie Lett as ourator of ..the New Rontli Wnlos Museum at the Imperial In-, stituto. . When Dihhs waa in business ho would not liavo given Obarlie a olerkship. ' Wanted to know how many persons are to go insolvent over tlie ' publio-house at that- popular watering place on Moreton Bay. , It would ho a great advantage if the Civil' Service Commissioners would conduot inquiries./ as in courts of law. The late inquiry was a sad example of how timocan.be wasted for want of knowledge as. to tho proper course to pursue. / ! / . Fob instance, what is lhe nse of taking evi dence if. tho witnesses aro allowed to remain in the room while thoir associates are being ex amined? . : ! Fancy a person in a law court putting snoh leading questions as " Didn't I tell you so and so?" Mb. Chabub Powers did not get far with his lcgalYeform measure yesterday aftornoon. He got down threo lines of one clause. I ' . Sib Sautter sat on .him heavily yesterday. Mb. Powebs wanted to adjourn the disoussion' on his hillforafortnight, hut SirSamuol told him.. that if ho did not fix upon somo othor day he ! would throw the hill down last on tho list. TnE oloso season began on Monday. Rough on Toowoomba florists. They send their violets to a Brisbane floral : / artist who arranges them in a bouquet, returns' , them thus to Toowoomba Bhow and carries off - first prize against local florists. ' 