A GERMAN VIEW OF OUR EGYPTIAN OCCUPATION. Die Natiox (Berlin). England's continued occupation of Egypt may be practically justified 011 the following pleas :—With the candor characteristic of the enlightened Anglo Saxon, Mr Dicey admits that England intervened in Egypt for purely selfish interests; hut I10 denies, with justice, that France is animated by any higher motives. In this respect the two countries have 110 just grounds for as sailing each other. But there is one point of difference, in respect that French egoism was disastrous for Egypt, v bile the English policy, although 110 less egoistic, has at the same time proved 11 blessing for Egypt. Mr Dicey affords detailed evidence for this conclusion. The preponderance of French influence in Cario was attended with :t wholesale system of exploitation ; the English oc cupation, on the other hand, has aided Egypt in the path of progress. Corrup tion and the lash are fast disappearing, and the oppressed fellah is awakened to a sense of justice. All these statements are demonstrable, and England's rite to con tinued occupation rests, consequently, 011 the sfrongestplca that could be advanced. English interests and Egyptian interests are identical. This English occupation of Egypt is in the interest of advancing civilisation and world progress. If Eng land were to withdraw from Egypt there are two possibilities on the cards. Either England's place will bo taken by another Power,or Egypt,left to its ownresourccs, will again become the field of European intrigues. The conditions which the latter alternative would inaugurate would certainly he the worst. England has undermined the authority of the Khedive and of the Pashas by filling all the principal posts with Englishmen. Tore cur now to a system of native rulo would he practically to proclaim anarchy. If, on the other hand, flic conditions require that Egypt be governed by a European State, England has unquestionably earned tlie rigbt to a preference above her rival, France. Moreover, England is already in occupation,and licr rule lias been crowned with success, and Mine. Juliette is wrong when she asserts that England's hold is prejudicial to the in terests of all other European Powers. English policy is too able to bo handled in that absurb fashion. If Egypt is of priceless worth to England for the. maintenance of ,lier communica tions with India, there is nothing in her occupation of the country to provoke European antagonism. A French oc cupation would certainly not bo more welcome, and an anarchical system of intrigues under the name of home rule still less. Mr Dicey is right, the interests of England, of Europe, and of Egypt coincide. In this state of affairs, there is small hope of French aspirations hoing realised. Mr Dicey is of opinion that the Frauco-Itussiuu approach may have a political hearing on theEgyptinn ques tion, and would not he surprised if Eng land were confronted hy a summons to fix an early date for the evacuation of the country; but being perfectly satisfied that Franco wil not force her to make common cause with the Triple Alliance, he regards a respectful <7'y ««/», j'y rente as an unanswerable argument, wliieli will certainly not provoke Franco to war. Mr Dicey* s attitude on tliis ques tion demonstrates that England bus a strong practical interest in the mainten ance of the Triple Alliance, and it is gratifying to note that, regarded from this side also, the polities of the Triple Alliance are the politics of progress and a safeguard against new political involutions. If a Lord Warden dies at the castle a boatswain's wliistle is heard at midnight by its inhabitants. No one asserts that this was recently heard, but more au thonitivo are the following superstitions: If a Devonshire Oxenham is about to die, a white-breasted bird flutters over the doomed one's head. The Middlctons of Yorkshire, as becomes an ancient Roman Catholic house, have a Benedic tine nun to warn them of an approaubin g death. A weeping, mourning_ spirit Warns the Stanleys of a reduction in their 'lumber. A hairy-armed girl, called May Mullach, brings the like sad news to the Grants of Grant. The Bodaob ani dun, or ghost of the hills, performs the sumo office for the Grants of Rotliio inurcus. The death of an Earl of Airlie is told by the beating of an invisible drum. So respectable a man as Dr. rlorman M'Leod, editor of O'oori 1 Fords lent the Weight of his testimony to it. In 18-19 Lord Airlie died in London, and the household of Cortacliy Castle, his seat in Forfarshire, was thus prepared for the news, and when his son died in Colorado the ghostly drummer-boy was heard just before bis death. Lady Airlie heard it in her room, and was greatly, prostrated, but one of the servants first heard it iu a corridor. The approaching death of a Bruce is announced, by the spectre of a woman in vvhito, who . ap-' pears to the doomed scion of that ancient IU'1 once Royal house. 