THE 1 AW RELATING TO GHOSTS. [?] Tbe I'syrhozotic Society has" recently, atthe requt-tof oue of it? members, wboee premises were infested with a noir-y ghost, taken the opinion of Jlr. Bludgeon, Q C., on a teries-of qneetious tending to elucidate the law as it relates to gho&tf.; The learned counsel' dpinioo has been forwarded to us for publioa- tion, and we have much pleasure in giving- virominence to it. Mr. Bludceon writes as follow : — 1\. In answer to the first question, I am of opinio that an action for trespass will not lie against a ghost; it follows that an injunction wilt not be granted. There is some uncertainty on the point ; bat I think that a ghost is not, therefore, neither possessed of rights nor subject to liabilities. There is no record in the books ci any snch action; a fact in itself negative testimony of no small weight. 2; Object to what fdflows, I think -there is a caaee of action gajbrt: tbe ejeeutdtfc It has been held that a corjte is ths property of iteesacatora as being personal property'", the opinio of Taper, Y.C., hy reason borial, ft might be said to savour of tbe refcHy beiagno longer law. The maxim of law tiy Mofnfui lefftriutur prrtorsiin — the ghost follows the -corpse and in my opinion th T»urt wbuld restrain tbe executor from allowing or mffeF ingtheir ghost to trespass on the -premises in question. " Inthis caje.howererj'tliedifficsilt otdisosrerisgaad serving the pefocmal reprbf tKnfnttmn wonld be sltnoet insuperable, t he ghost having been dead 500 year. 1 S. Ye If the ghoetaetanp mi' advene till k an action would i& pn the -covesenf for nfra enjoyment ; baiimfnst oddthatla xxij opinion, there is evidence six! tolerably dear evidence . Mr Squixxxu took Witknotioe of the encumbrance, end, having obtained id Usee- at loons rent in consideration of it, . wonld be feeld-'is -eqoftv to "be estopped frraa . any aa ah proceeding. k'": 4v If Mr. Squirms ie Tight in iua cooiecterre— and a surveyor of respectability ib on d be nt once employed to ascertain whether be u or cb '—that the body of the ghoet is buried on 'tfie presaies. different considerations iarise.- Ah above stated, % body 5a the "property of the - exftoutoT; but this rule is enbjectto tbewiflat principle, Quicqvid plantainr aolo t aolo ctdil T and in my opinion the ghoet, by bang planted or bwried on the land, lapsed to the fxWSholdar and became part of the inheritance.' The freeholder z&ust; be token to have known of te- pnaencB ; and I think, although cot without doubt, that on the true construction ol Mr. Squirms' b lease, the body pawed to "him tmdor the general words, and most be regarded, "tot tha pwrpoees of this com, as his own. If T rim correct m this, Mr. Sqnirms ta the author of hi own wrong, and has the TBtaedy in his hand#. 6\. No. A ghost cannot require the owner hit the premises ou which hi tx>dy is,th <>ary i the expense of the ownei. In riyripmion i ghost has no rights as sudh'. It is not «&y; ddtj -to express on opinion <m whaitbfe law ought 'be, bot merely to state whatfn ray Opwlo&j; .. jtri. f( a apiriUiohit or other person, aghifift . the will of thsexecuhn or other thoWMraOl ogboet, raises it, anfl indocm it to -iBavri itif ewoer and enter his uerricse, 1 think anridHori . woidd lie (Dudley v. Gye, 2 £. and'fri 216-2391. 7\. A man has no rigbt, in order to' redaJfct - his own taete, to Sutxoduoe any ghoat he riia poea&a; in to his auuth Yoase, thereby destroying the amenity nf her residenoe. Sic wteretao . etalienumnoa laedee. A licence for Onv rin purpose is revocable, "unlas given for valuable - conshiBrabon. '! 8\. ifo. There u noaubh eeem«it Jmownfo. the law. A custom would require strict proof. -.9, A ghofltinstructed to bauntouj' person oiu. account of bis employer, oewixot without per-. mission employ asothsx no tulnl bis uutise. Delegatus nou potestdelegore. 10\. The au tpiciou of aa aa th entac ghoet being on tbe premises does not warrant :the offflooEgftf the Society in entering o rematii'xig ob Jthe - prenxiags,boria demandrngrefreshaeciti .vrhil engaged tberecii. If the interest ofeexsopa. demandiuch power, veeourae xnuit be k(a9<t6 . the Legislature. It-iaimposubte f or m&4x>rixV ptesa ax opinion aa to tho result ofaushan applicafion. -y> 11\. The Public Health Act, in my opinion, gives theqjtntiary uthority mo juriedteiiaa-prer". - ghoeta. "5 » ' 1 2. If Gre luggeated explanation ghost's cries anA grooms he txxrrett the: CoUl ol the Ordinary, would eeetalhe proygrtrihmJ-. 1 recomariT Aat tho . opinion of riounael learned in «566iieatiaLl - law be tekan cn ttiia point. V ' " Sakuke. nLtnoBoir. . 