Mil) TROPICAL PALMS FAIRY GROVES. A VISIT TO JEFFREY'S FERNERY. For many years past Jeffrey's' fernery at Ncwrown lias been justly regarded as, being among tbe chief of the places of interest in Geelong. It is a permanent attraction, for the residents of the town and district, and visitors whilo they can never fail' to bo charmed by the happy position Geelong occupies in regard to its .surroundings, as a general rule they would regard, their visit as incomplete if they failed to include Jeffrey's fernery among the list of the places they had seen. Those who lovo tVstudy, tbei beauty and variety of nature in plant life, will find an almost inexhaustible field for observation at the fernery, the quaintly ,.:pictu resquc arrangement of which -bears enduring testimony to the taste and enthusiasm of its founder, the bluff, genial Tom Jeffrey, whoso memory is stiU green among those Who frequented the fernery during his rcff'wir. Under the management of his son Mr "William Jeffrey, the present proprietor, the fernerj' has not suffered in attractiveness. On the contrary considerable cl terprise has been shown in perfecting the fairylike creation of bis father's tasteful fancy, and new additions made to the valu able collection of tropical palms, and the beautiful ferns brought together from all parts of Australia. The horticultural attrac tions have also been developed under the careful directorship of Mr Chapman, evi dences of whose taste and skill in the manage ment of the whole place are to be seen on every hand. J list no w the fernery is to be seen at its best, aud visitors cannot fail to enjoy spending an hour beneath the palm shaded graves, and fairy like corridors, roofed with beautiful creeping plants, in gorgeous blooni3. The palms form the feature of the display just now, the collection of tropical varieties being a very extensive one. Tho attention of the visitor is arrested ouentoring tho grounds by tho fino specimen of tho Phoenix palm, and the Australian cabbage palm, or Corypha Australia, tho latter being used in the mnuitfacture of tho celebrated cabbage tree hats found so useful by the old identities in protecting their heads from tho brickfielders. The Phoenix dactylifera and tho Chinese fan palm, a very pretty and symmetrical plant,are also conspicuous among the palms, while tho genuino date palm and an African native in the shape of the Abys sinian banana, are also objects of interest. A splendid foliage and flowering plant, tho mcanoschiaura desipons, mukes a fine show, and beautiful spreading ferns, form leafy archways of picturesque appearance. Amongst the most striking representatives of the fern family are the stately black tree ferns of New Zealand, and in one of the aisles of the fernery the magnificent Nccau palm branches out to an enormous distance, while its upward growth has been so vigorous that it was found necessary to remove the roof to give it more freedom. As • Mr Chapman says, with pardon able pride, the display of palms is hardly to he equalled for its variety, and in addition to the giants from the tropics, there are smaller kinds in tubs, specially effective for decorative work, and in large request for the purpose indicated. People whoso taste runs in tho direction of making their home surroundings attractive by forming miniature ferneries about their premises would be paralysed at learning tlie value set upon some of the dimi nutive palms. Por instance, an insignificant looking plant that has been growing 18 years and is still apparently in its infancy, would not be disposed of under £7. Although tho season is rather advanced, the horticultural display is a very bright one, zininas of every hue, and choice bouvardias, largely used in making up wrcatlis and sprays, forming the main features of tlie garden show. In the hot house, the front of which is completely papered with the certificates of award gained by Mr Jeffrey's exhibits at various shows, a splen did variety of oxotics is to be seen, aud hours could he spent with interest in observing the wonderful formation and pencilling of some of tho semi-tropical plants developed in an atmosphere artifically maintained as nearly as possible like that in wliich they were in tended by nature to flourish. Orchards in seemingly unending variety are now in full bloom, and prominent among the attractions reared beneath glass arc tuberous and foliage begonias, coleas in variety, hy dranges, golden handed Liliuins, crotans in variety, variegated fig, screw palms, varie gated pine apple, aliieldplant. maiden hair ferns, flamingo plant, dendrobium of large size, nnd esparto Christo, or Holy Ghost ?lant. The latter plant was brought from 'auama, aud the spotless white flower which it produces at' raro intervals resembles the ex tended .wings of a dove, a similarity that probably suggested its name to the Spaniards. In addition to being an enthusiast in the col lection of palms and ferns, the founder bad a hobby for relic hunting, and the place abounds with momcntoes of almost every notable wreck that has occurred on the Victorian coast. The wheel of tho Sussex, a life buoy from the Loch Ard, a picco of timber found at Apollo Bay and supposed to be from tlie wreck af the Osprey, the ship in which Sir Koger Tichborne sailed in 1S51, a bracket from tbo Loch Lcven, a piece of tlie historical schooner Enterprise, and portiou of the fine tlie tied arc among tlie most noticeable of the older relics. High above the fernery domo is perched a carved representation of Ajax defying the thunderbolts, the figure-head of the ship Lightning burnt at the Yarra-street wharf more than 20 years ago on the evo of hor departuro with a full cargo of wool. Among the most recent additions to the curios is a portion of the stern of the Joseph H. Scammell, with the name carved in gilt letters, and at the entrance to tlio fernery is a huge unchor of antique shape, that has been the subject of some interesting speculation to mariners who never met with such a specimen of ship gear beforo. The anchor was raised at Bream Creek while elforts were being made to recover the anchors and chains of the Bancoora, and the theory generally put forward is that it belonged to a vessel that, went ashore at the locality referred to during the previous century. The liuul attraction at the fernery is the lofty tower, from which the visitor obtains a beautiful panoramic view of Geeloug and the surround ing district, an atuplo reward for the tiring ascent up some hundreds of steps. The Gordon College Council desire to acknow ledge receipt of seven volumes of " Blackie's Popular Encyclopedia," presented to the College library by Mr J. H. M'Pliillimy, of Geelong West. The Council having just set apart a room for a library and reuding room for students, highly appreciate such generous gilts as this, especially as the funds at the council's disposal for the purchase of books of reference are Yery limited. We trust that many of our I citizens will follow the example set by Sir M'Phillimy and other gentlemen who have from time to time realised the importance of the library in connection with the work of our Technical College, and practically shown their sympathy with the institution. 