WIT AND HUMOUR. "'TIS A POOR HEART THAT NEVER RETOICES," And although "pierced with an arrow" the heart of GmrouINE MAeo SOAP rejoices in it constanitly increasing popularity. From an admiring public Idefy you ,nd to sever, Im~nitat ions shall decay, liut GenuineAagio reignesorever.-ADVr. A Boo3t0ss attempt-To get up stairs with out being heard by your wife. A MAN full of spirits is not naturally given to sober reflection. Tns man with a boil on his neck never borrows trouble. He has enoughof it. ScE (tragically): " Take back the heart that thou gavest." IHe: "Never mind theheart juet fork over that diamond ring." Mns. PunE: "3chn, we must discharge that new music teacher." Mr. Prim: "Why so, Maria?!'? Mra..Prim: "I heard our, girls say he has a delightfriltoucb." PsrIES (to a very sick man): "Now, if you have any earnest desire ii your heart;,nuame it." Sick Man: "I wanttoget well I" :Aercnryo PoET: " Don't you like the meter of my new poem ? So light, you know." Critic: "Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." Miss Plumleigh (choking): "Oh, Mr. Dudekin, I-I really think I've swallowed a dreadful fly! What. shall I do?". Dudekin: '!Deah girl, better swallow some flypaper." " What shall you give me, pa," she said, "Upon my wedding day t" And pa with gravity replied: '6 "I'll give you, dear-away." Mnis. Ooinoy: " Oh, youneedn't talk, John. You were bound to have me. You can't say that ever I ran after you." Oldboy: "'Very true, Maria; and the trap never rune after the mouse, but it gathers him in all the same." SUNDAY School Teacher; "Who made the sun and the moon stand still?" First Boy: "Adani." b. S. T.: "No." Second Boy: !' Moses." S. S. T.: " No. What's the matter with Joshua?" Class (in unison): "Ho's all right ! A VrnY poor actorhaving played the part of the Ghost in "'Hamlet" for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said: "It would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost, so that somebody else could take his part." LIsr Is Snoir.-"My darling," she mur mured, "you know that I love you. Is this not enough for the present? Be assured that I will set a day forour wedding as soon as it is possible." "That's all right, Miranda," doggedly replied the young man, "but I hope you will remember that I've got to be married in this suit, and it won't last for ever." Wiry Soir wAs Anxous.-" But why are 7on so very anxious to see a whale, Mrs. Trotteri" asked the captain, after the lady had asked for the twentieth time if one was in sight. "I want so much to see one blubber captain. It must be very impressive to see such a large creature cry." Fousn His Gnoovs.-Dobbine: "Do you know, my friend, that when the Rev. Gouger officiated here I felt that he never would be appreciated. . In fact, I don't know where he would beh." Jobbinus: "Well, he' seemed to have sense enough to know that, for he went as a missionary to' South Africa. The natives there not only. appreciated, but relished him." A FAsT Cotoun.-Excited Old Gentleman: "Didn't you say, when I bought these socks. that you'd guarantee them a fast colour?" Affable shopman : " We guarantee evervthing." Excited. Old Gentleman: "Well, sir, Iwore them one day, and they made mry feet so black it is impossiileto get it off." Affable Shopman (triumphantly): "Well, I don't seewhat you want of any faster colour than that." No RAILs.-A. wedding ceremony was to take place in one of the prominent churches. The. bridal party had not yet arrived, but were momentarily expected, when a small boy put in an appearance and gazed long and ouriously up the main aisle. "Humph"he mattered, disdainfully. "I don't see any." "Don't see any what, boy?" asked an inquisitive usher standing near. "Don't see derails,of course." "fRails i Rails for what ?" said the usher. in wonderment, as a small group gathered round the boy. "Why. for the bride's train to run on-see ?" And the boy escaped, and there followed a stillness so dense you would have heard a cough drop on the door-step around the corner. IIHx GUESSED IT.-"Fine mornin', ledge." "You've guessed it. Yours is ten dollars and costs." DIED AT TIE POST oFDUrr.-An old salt, Oh hearing of the death of his old master, the captain of a frigate, dashed away a tear and said: "What did he die of?" "Therupture of a vessel." "Ah, that's better. A glorious death for a sailor i" :Two LIEENESSES.-Young Billops (feeding.. his best girl after the theatre): " Let me give you a little more of this. pudding." Beet Girl: "' Yee. It so reminds, me. of you.'" YoungBillops: "Because it's so sweet? Teen. he !" . Beet Girl:" And so soft." ANSWER TO AN OLD MoTTo.-Marion was:in a room with her mother, where she saw upon - the wall the illuminated text: "What is Home Without a Mother ?" Spelling it out, she said: "Mamma, why don't they put the answer to that conundrum up there? ' "What is the answer ?" asked her mother. "An orphan, of course," answered Marion, with great aties'. faction. "I guessed it easy.' OLD Lady (excitedly).-"When is the train due ?" Ticket Agent-" In two hours and forty minutes." Old Lady (with a sigh of relief)- " I am so glad I am not too late!" S"WELL, little boy, what's your name ?" "Shadrack Nebuchadnezzar Jones." "Who gave youthat name?" "Idon't know. But yer bet cher life if I find out when I gets me growth they'll be sorry for it." ENRnAEo Contributor-" Your proof- reader made nonsense out of that article of mine this: morning, sir-outrageous nonsense sir!" Editor-" By George i I couldn't make any thing out of it at all! I'll raise that fellow's wages. ARESTEan.-The situation that was " going begging" has beeoon token up by the police. . Morro ron Aurrtons.-Take care of the pens and the pounds will take care of themseives. SA REFaLEarloN.-Itis said that there is much'. more pleasure experienced in giving than in receiving. This is doubly true, as regards advice-and kicks. -- BnrAcir of PnosrsE..-" When does it come on, dear ?" "T-t-to-to-morrow." " Cheer up, darling ! Don't give way." "Oh, it's nothing ! I'm only practising for the jury." UTNDERTAKER:S "What kind of trimmings' will you have on the coffin !" Widow: "None, at all, at all. A plain korfin. It was trimmits what killed him!" Undertaker: "What!" Widow: "Yes, delirium trimmins." WIHAT tE NEVER LunArT -"That's a knowing animal of yours," said a young masher to the keeper of an elephant. "Very,". was the cool rejoinder. " He performs strange tricks and antics, does he?" eyeing the animal through the eyeglass. "Surprising!" retorted the keeper. "We've learnt him to put money in that box you see far away ur there. Try him with half a dollar. The masher handed the elephant a half-dollar, and, sure enough, he took it in his trunk and placed it in a box high out of reach. " Well, that's very exotordinary-astonishing, truly. He can take it out again, of course?" Wle never learnt him that," returned the keeper, with a roguish leer, and then turned to stir up the monkeys and punch the hyenas. " SAY, Moike, pfwlhat's an elephant?" "Oh, ut's a t'ing wid a skin loike a pig and a neck loike a goose, wid his head on theother ind." Mr. MAX O'RELL, nOW in Autraliaa, while lseturing in London, gave a description of John, Bull as " the biggest landowner in the world," and added a good anecdote. An Englishman, he said, was once boasting to a Frenchman of the immensity of the British empire, and con eluded by remarking that "the sun never sets on the possessions of the English," to which his companion replied, "I am not surprised at that; the sun couldn't trust the rascals." Not less satirien was Mar. O'Rell at the tenacity of the English, as exemplified in John Bull, junior, at football, who, rather than let go a ball, would "grovel in the dust and lacerate his limbs for the sake of getting it between two pests." DEAn MI.-Better Half : "'Georgio, darling, have I been quite as dear to you since we marriedl as I was before?" Remaining Frac tion (thinking of his. cheque book): "You have been a precious sight dearer, my dear i" 