MASKELYNE AND MAGIO. (pall mall budget.) Ill the jiresent marvel fever — xvith the Alahutmaboom of the Daily Chvoniclc toiling off aud the ghost boom of tho Jlevieu) of Jlcoiews Christmas number coming on, xvliile London and its leader xvritcrs are exciting themselves over a mag netic lady xvho out-Sandoxvs Sandoxv by mere vril-powcr — nothing could bo more xvholcsomo and opportune than a good thorough-going Philistine 'book on " Tho Supernatural?" from a conjurer's point of view. Tho present epidemic of credulity is fair excuse for any little excess of cut-aud-dried assumption on the other side. Aud if tiie student finds Alessrs. Wcathci'ly and Maskelyne, xvith all their shrewd common sense and practical experi ence, just a trifle too cocksure, less particular people will find them decidedly readable — xvhich, perhaps, is the main point. A doctor of medicine treats sense deceptions, dreams, ghosts and phantoms of the dead and the living from a strictly scientific point of x'ioxv ; xvhilo Air. Maskelyne, the modem magician of the Egyptian-hall, regards Orien tal jugglery, Spiritualism anil Tlieosopliy from the distinctly practical side. dreams. « Let us begin xvitli the chapter on dreams. Remarking that dreams xvero at one time regarded as being divinely inspired, Air. Weatherly writes as folloxvs : — Certain dreams do sometimes appear as if they xvcre sent for a special pur pose, but even the so-called authentic ones coming under this heading are few indeed. In looking even at these xve must, I fear, x'iexv them xvith a doubtful eye, for xvhat fiction xvill invent credulity will receive and exaggeration magnify. Dreams may, it appears, be dix'ided into two classes — Dream illusions and Dream hallucina tions. A dream illusion (we are told) xvould bo caused by something affecting one of the sense organs, and starting cither outsido the sense organ or m the sense organ itself ; xvhereas a dream hallu cination has its origin in the brain itself and is purely subjective, having no objective basis xvliatcvor. If, for example, a bright light shines upon tbe closed eyes of a sleeper he may dream that he is xvatchinga fire ; a red fight xvill often suggest a tempest and lightning ; xvliile a bottle of Eau cle Cologne placed under his nose xvill cause the sleeper to imagine himself in a perfumer's shop. It is thought by Wuudt that the involuntary extension of tlie foot of the sleeper causes tlio common dream illusion of falling over a precipice. At the same time a good many dreams — perhaps tlie majority of them— have their origin in tlio brain itself xvithout any external stimulus to excite its action. There is in each individual a certain balance of the circulation in tho brain xvhieh admits of the mind doing its xvork in the most healthy and perfect manner. Let tho circulation bo excessive or deficient, that xvork at once ceases to be either sound or perfect. Dreams may often result from some fluctuation in tlio brain circulation. The quality of the blood is also a leading factor in the causation of dreams, and often gives to them some definite character. modern" spiritualism. " Modern Spiritualism " is another subject to xvhicli Mr. Alaskclyne devotes some atten tion. He naturally finds little difficulty iu disposing of the pretentions of the Foxes, of Home, of the brothers Dax'enport, of Annie Fay, of Dr. Slade and of Egliuton. Aliss Fay appears to have deceived a xvell- knoxvn scientific man, and, if for this reason only, her performance deserx'es the space xvhieh Mr. Maskelyne has given to it : — Some 15 persons from among tho au dience (ho xvrites) sat in a circle round the "medium," her husband, " C- Ion el" Fay, being ono. Tlie little blonde then commenced to clap her hands with steady, rhythmical heat, and xvhen dark ness xi'as made " visible," still the clapping continued, xvliile — wonderful to relate — in struments xvhich had been laid upon the knees of lho "sitters" xvere played upon, etc.; that is, the guitar xx-as strummed in tiie air, bells xvere rung, knees pinched, whiskers tugged, old fogies chucked under the chin by, oh ! such nice little hands, aud the other in teresting xvork of the spirits at _ sdanccs xvas gone through. Now, all this while tho " Colonel " xvas in the circle, and supposing that tho persons to his right and left, instead of holding, us they thought, his txx-o bauds, xx'ere really both holding one of them, still lie conld do but little to assist his interesting spouse. She, still clapping those dainty little palms, could do nothing for her self, unless, lvheu tho lights xvere ex tinguished, she xvere to change her tactics, and beat — not her hands together— but one hand upon her forehead or arm, or any other exposed part of her body xvhich would produce exactly the same sound and leave lho taper digits of one hand free to pro duce the manifestations. To shoxv tlio im possibility of any such tliiug hoxx'cver, ono gentleman may now hold tlio medium's hands. Still a bell rings, a guitar ia strummed and possibly the gentleman hold ing the fair one s hands has his face fanned. Hoxv, then, can all this be accom plished 2 Simply thus : — "Aliss" Fuj passes a bell to tho " Colonel's " mouth, xvhich ho shakes as a terrier (loei a rat, xx'hile his boot operates upon aguitai placed on tlie tloor and produces the tnrnni; ming, and tho medium, xvith a fan_ hold between her teeth, will gently xvavo it in th< face of liim xvho holds her hands. And thii isallthathappcnedui tho darkness ; and this ii xvhat the scientific gentleman described nf " xvonderful 1 " from trickery to thegsol'iiy. But xvo must leave Spiritualism, in xvhieh no sane person no\V beliox'es, for Theosophy, a subject at present very much " on tho nail." Tlio history of Theosophy, as Mr. Alaskclyne very pertinently observes, is bound up xvith that of its founder, Alme. Blavatsky ; and she xvas a "vulgar adventu ress." We need not follow tlie Piccadilly xvon- der-worker in his discussion of tho Hodgson expose which, like most peoplo, he accepts as conclusive ; bnt it may interest somo of our readers (Theosophists or otherxvisc) to learn that Air. Alaskelyno — inagician-likc— has a " card up his sleeve." Vol, notwithstanding his seeming indifference, he has not been al together idle. If it should so happen that, contrary to my expectations, tlie perpetrators of these outrages on common sense still persist in their nefarious practices, let them bexvarc. In that case they become fair game for me. In the language of sport I liax'e " marked thorn down," and can lay my finger upon them whenever I need to do so. If it should be necessary they inay depend miou it that, though tho trap is not yet laid, lam on their track, and I shall pursue them as relontlessly as I have others before them. 