r THAT HDREAiPL THINU 1 eally, you know, I thbik y;ou look quite I ell in your new position. Thus gaily ind facetiously I addressed a skull upon which I had bestowed much effort. Your coloring is vastly improved by your ether bath. If only your teeth had not beenlost. Isuppon if I'd reframed from putting them in that pill box marked, 'Take one morning and evening,' Williams would have paid them the compliment of being teeth, instead of strangling pills. and packed them with you when he sent you 011. Sl"But never you usind, old chappi, I hkve thought of a way to got some more tooth. I'll ask my dentist to save me sillhuopulls-if.he doesn't want them-and we'll rig you out in a fine neo set, and they won't be false ones. " Wherever you have a vacant lot in your I jaws you shall have a nice little toofie. You could oven adept thb reprohensible habit' of Schewing gutn, if youwishod, though'I'd rather I you wouldn't; for-a word in the hole where I your ear used to be-you are now too topy a 1 skull, Chappie mine, for that sort of thing. You've a velvet cushion to sit o and ' functue officio' painted on your cranium, not to speak of, I hayin your lower maxillary articulated with a wire spring. Suppose we put your jaw out of joist, my child. You have such a fetching rexpression when its twisted to one side." SThenl a terrible thing happened: the skull spoke. It said, " lo good enough to keep Syour hands off me," and said it slowly and firmly. Then there was a silouce of upwards of five minutes. My hair assumed an upright position I o my head, so inconvenient.to the working Scap perched there that it yielded to the per. auabions of gravity, and souight the floor. My i knees evinced a fondness for each other's com pany, and rny eyes felt enlarged. SIhadn'ta smile during the day; this was' Sclearly a ghastly reality. SThe old ohappio contiuied to stare me in the face without winking, and the stillness grew embarrassing. Finally I said, " Cnsar's L Ghost!" SThere was, no reply. I waited some. time, > and silence still reigning, I began to think my coars must have deceived me. I determined not Ito act rashly, however ; so feeling myself a Sdreadful dolt I said in a whisper: . "I beg your pardon, but Is it customary for I kulls to apeak t" " When they are spoken to,"' came back i promptly. C Mv hair, which had just. bogun to seek a Srecumbent position, again assumed the perpen dicular. I stepped behind the table, and regretted that my pistol was in a drawer of the desk on which the skull stood. Nothing would have induced me to get it; the Thing might have jumped at my head or bitten off my nose with its articulated jaws. So I gared at old chappia with a feeling anything but affectionate, and mentally de nommated him " old Devil." But after this internal ebullition of anger I broke into a cold perspiratiou. For all 1 knew he might be able to read my thoughts. If it'was the man who used to live in him who was now nmaking night hideous in this manner, why shouldn't he be able to step inside one's anatomy and read one's thoughts a fast as the thinking machine produced them. Good heavens ! I braced myself for eternity but the munutes went by and I still breathed the mundane air. I pulled myself together. Here I was six feet tall and a football play er: was I to be brown-beaten by that bonyold thing ? .I had always wished to see aghost if there were such affairs. There was evidently a strong super naturalatmosphere rampant now. Why not make the moat ofit ! So I reopened the conversation by timidly re marking, " Well, I never new skulls to speak before, so why should youP!, " Why ahoildn't I ?" was the instant reply. He, had such an easy assurance, did that skull, and his answers were so ready that though I know that this time he was just copy ing from " Alic in Wonderland," still I was staggered. Baut soon drorwmyself up and remarked with dignity : "That is merely avoiding the question." "Then pray avoid questioning me." Was he tryiag to make a punP Instantly I lost some of the awe with which he had in spirnl me. I stepped out from the table, put one hand on my hip and assumed a sligltly domineering attitude. I said: " Considering that you come to me a greasy oid skull, that I soaked you in hot water and soda for an hour, 'scrubbed you with an old tooth-brush and picked little bones out of your ers with a hairpin; considering I bathed you in ether and benzine and suuned you on the couservatory roof for months, with your lower maxillary tied to you by a pink tape and your teeth in at cigar box by your side; con sidering the close intercourse all this entailed, and that daring that time you never gave a sign of life, you mut .acknowledge that it is strange. you should suddenly develop the power of speech." "I acknowledge nothing," replied the sen tentioun littto fool. .: Oh, I wouldn't," Isaid, "you might show some sense if voudid that.'. "Young man," said the skull.with an in suiting drawl (I ground myv teeth); "do not iniaginn that I enijy talking to you, .for I do not. I have merely proteced myself from in-t dignity, by so doing. Should you, ever again attempt to dislocate my jaw I will work harm7 to one whom you love." "Who," I gasped. " Your flancoo". " What do youknow about her" ? " She was onco my flancae. " Yours?" . S".Why not!" i You lie !" I cried. No answer. , : . Didn't you lie?" I askod, backing down.. No answer. ' . - . ' ' I'll go out and throw dust and ashes'on my head :if you wish, and will only forgive me. But wasn't it a, or-mistake? Vhat's some .times called er-er-lie " ?" ' ' . " No," replied the skull. " I could.not tall a'lin.' . : " But how old is Marie then ?" my hoirt loa ing into my mouth at thought of my dear little love. " Methusaleh was uninfait in arms'coipired to her." " Great heavens." I cried, "look at her: cheeks they are like rose leaven and. her chin in as smooth as a child's. You lie, you:knoow you do." *No answer. ".Didn't you'lio?" : No answer;. . " Please excuso me, sir. I only meant ,hows can~fatio look eoyoung if she is so-it she isn't young?" - , . : "The dead who still live learn secrets. One' is about a face paste containing no lead, biho muth, .arsenic or any other injurious ingrb dtent and superior to 'all other wishes; The secret is so make sure of the tradea-.ark when asking for it." ' ' "What is the trade-mark." I asked. "I do not know. I never cared for my corplexion. I think it neater just to wear boies." "1I do not believe you even know Marie. You. li-- I mean .couldn't you be mis t:>ki ? Y ' He gave a blood-curdling chuckle. :"That little broken toothonthe left side of hermouth-Ibroke.it. I threw my skull at her, after I was dead, because she forgot me. There is a small soar on her .lip over the tooth; I made that, too. Garoon Garool Thesn my reason left me for I had kissed that scar. I gut nown on my knees and my voice trembled. "Oh, wonderful binug, did- didl Maide love you too?" -"Madly, wildly. passionately, devotedly.".:,: " Did she ever say to you, * I feel that loeath, that eternity can never change our love; it will, alvays bethesme' ., .. " Her exact words.' . "And yet hoe his changed, will she also clinige toward me?" S.Yes. Ola hundred years from now your skull will be a bit of brie-a-brac in her drawing 'room, and you will hear her say those very words to another man. Then in your anger 'yu will discharge yourself at her head, as Idid; and she will have another little broken tooth and another tiny sear. We will then both 'belong to the order of 'C atapult-skulls.' " "' Oh, heavens !" I groaned, "I cannot bear it." I put my hand to my head to see it it still felt firm; then the room grew dark. I heard a ringing sound, a devililh laugh. I knew no more. When I woks up I wis lying on my bed' -how came I there P The sun was streaming into the room, the skull aRrmed to grin at me,' with toothless jaws and hollow eyes. I shud dered and felt so faint that I took a pull of brandy. I had aotern task b-fore me. I got a wooden box and placed it open beneath thnedge of the dsk. Then I poked the skull offthe shelf with en umbrel!a. Ho fell into the box with a crash: it made me think of a cdtapult'. ' I did not look to see if the c boeast was broken. I flung the lid on and jumped upon it. Then I nailed it down. SItwa still early momrning. Icrept down to ihe river and flung in the lsx.i For weeks I was miserably ill, though I kept up. The I wontothoAzoresonasailiog vssel andwtus away two motiths. After myroturn my mbther said to moe one day: "By the way, did you' know that your brother has been stedyizig ventriloquiem for three or four months lie ihas become very pro Ilcient at it." I um still trisg to earn Mlarie's forgiveness for two months' silenco and abtence, and for being a gullible imbecile. For my brother I aiu laying low.-" Detroit Free Press." 