CHAPTER XXXVIII. IGNORANCE. It is impossible to make people understand their ignorance, for it requires knowledge to perecive it, and therefore, he that can perceive it hath it not JEREMY TAYLOR. The 4 50 was ten minutes due at Marley, when it draws up with a jerk as if aware of its deficiency. There is little or no stir on its arrival. A few third- class passengers and well-to-do farmers bundle out hastily, nodding to the right and left as if they knew everybody and everybody know them. Two passenges alight from a first-class carriage, telling the porter that they have two portmanteaus in the van. " I am afraid it will be a case of Irish tandem, one foot before the other. There does not seem to be the ghost of a vehicle anywhere to be seen, except that old farmer with his one horse shay over there. I’ll ask him,” said Lord Vereker to his friend. “ How far is Marley, the village ?’ said the former, crossing over to where the farmer is tucking himself up previous to starting for home. “ Nigh upon a mile and a ’arf by the fields,” said the farmer, “ Is there no conveyance of any kind ?” said Lord Vereker. None as I ever eared on. There’s a trap at the ' Arms’ as generally supplies the quality folk when they do visit these parts, taint often,” said the farmer with a knowing look, as if the idea of visitors at this secluded spot tickled him. " How very annoying ! I see now we ought to have telegraphed for a vehicle to meet us.” " Can’t I be of some use to you, gentle- men ? The mare is pretty up to work for all her being fat, ” said the farmer, giving a fleck to his steed that made the animal prick up her ears, all but saying, " what's up now.” " Well, I don’t like troubling you, but if you are going to Marley, if you would be good enough to call at the inn and tell them to send a conveyance of some sort for two of us,” said, Lord Vereker. “ I’ll do that and more foree. If you gents don't mind a bit of a scroodge I can take the both of ye and put ye down at the " Arms.” “Yon are very, good ; ’twould be better than kicking our heels in the cold here for an hour or two.” " Jump up, gentlemen; I’ll tell Carter to call for traps in his van as we pass his place.” Just at this moment a neat brougham and a spanking pair of greys dashed into the yard. A lady alighted, looking up and down the line. The station master, much resembling a prize porker, fussed up to her. "The 4.50 is come and gone, my lady," said he. The station master had a clever way of calling every woman of any consequence in the district " my lady. " He had found it a paying attention. “ Dear me ! and did no one come for Woodlands ?”she said, with a look of disappointment. "Not a soul, my lady. There were no passengers to speak of, except those two gentlemen yonder talking to Farmer Jenkins." The lady turned, put her glass up to her eye to have a good look at the strangers. The trio were having great fun, according to the merriment, she thought as she watched them. “ I’ll be bodkin,” said Norman For- tescue, with a laugh at the idea of “ the scroodge” they were likely to experience. The laugh at once caught the lady's atten- tion—it was the concentrated essence of a light heart—a laugh that did you good to hear—it was a gift Norman Fortescue might be proud of, for it gave everyone new life who listened to it. The lady recognised it at once. “It’s . . . . . . . its . . . . . . Lord Vereker !" said she half aloud. “Indeed,my lady,” said the station- master, regretting to himself he had’nt been more on the alert and attentive to the strangers. “ Hush, we shall be had up for disturb- ing the peace,” said Lord Vereker, turn- ing to have a second look at the lady who was staring hard at them, “and Mr. For- tescue,” she said, ”I wonder—I must go over and speak to them.” By this time they had both recognised her, and had deserted the farmer to come and speak. “ I’ve a very good mind to cut you dead both of you,” she said, “ for not letting me know, I am very angry, very angry, if I could only express it.” “ How are you, Mrs. Cholmondeley, who would have thought of seeing you,” said Lord Vereker, shaking hands first. “ Why did’nt you write! Where are you bound for ?” she said, “ It is Fortescue—a freak of his —we are bound for the Arramtage Arms,” said Lord Vereker. “ You are bound for Woodlands, it is close, I shall be awfully offended if you go anywhere else, Jump in, there is a seat in front, such as it is.” “ But we have come on business,” said Norman, “ otherwise ’we should be very glad indeed to accept your kind offer, my dear Mrs. Cholmondeley. We have be- spoke rooms at the Inn.” " Well, I suppose business must be attended to. Will you come to me to- morrow. Do —I so want you to see Woodlands, and we can go over the Towers together. I have carte blanche permission. Now, get in, if you must get to the Inn to-night, at least let me drive you there.” The farmer was waiting patiently, wondering who the “ gents ” were by this time. “ I am not going to crowd you up, Mrs. Cholmondeley. I feel in duty bound to go with our new friend. He was so good as to offer us seats just be- fore you drove up. You will be at the Arms first Vereker, order a good dinner. I’m hungry—many thanks for the invi- tation. We will come and dine to- morrow if you will have us,” said Nor- man, handing in Mrs. Cholmondeley, who told the foolman to put the port- manteaus on the top. Norman keeping the rugs himself, as Lord Vereker got in the brougham. “ I am sorry to keep you waiting, my friend,” he said,|as the farmer made room for him. “So the gentleman found a friend,” said the farmer. “Yes, Mrs. Cholmondeley, an old friend, we met her in Australia last year.” “Did yer now ? Australia ! Well, to be sure, and you come all the way from Aus- traliz !” and the farmer stared at the woman as if belief was impossible. “ Must be a wonderful place that there Aus- traliz. They do say as how gold is to be had for nothing—you’ve only to dig it up.” " Yes,” said Norman, “ there's plenty of gold there if you only know where to find it. I should think between two and three hundred million pounds must have been sent home to England from there.” “ Two and three hundred million ! ! ! I likes a joke, but aint yer taking a rise out of me, sir ?” said the farmer, raising his eyebrows, and eyeing his companion with a a comical look. “ No, not at all. I am speaking plain facts.” “ You don’t say—its hard believin’— now where does all that there gold go to ? I never eard of anyone that over was the better for it. Pity but what we farmers could get a bit of it. Bad times for us, sir, getting wuss and wuss. I’d go to Australiz misself if I were a bit younger, and the missus would go.” Just at this moment the sun shone out in all its brilliancy —hot and dazzling. “ Ah, that reminds me of Australia, warm sunshine and blue skies,” said Nor- man. “Aye, but we shall have rain sure enough. So there is a sun over there, is there, sir?” Oh ! the same sun that is shining now.” " Come, come, sir ; you don’t mean to tell me that the same sun shines at both ends of the world, it hain’t likely.” "Yes; you see the sun is stationary, never moves, and —” “ Na, na, don’t go for to make me be- lieve that, I’m not such a born fool. Why, don't I see the sun every blessed day a sliding and a sliding down the sky, til she goes right away down behind that there clump of trees on the hill yonder. I see'd her only yesterday.” " Nevertheless, my friend, it is true. Don’t you know the world travels at a rapid rate; whirls round at a fearful pace, a thousand miles or thereabouts, and—” This settled the question in Mr. Jenkins’s mind at once. There was no doubt on the subject now—the gent must be off his head. Had likely enough been sent down here for his health, and tother gent had come to look after him, thought the farmer, whipping up the old mare and edging away from Norman Fortescue, so as to give the gent a wide berth. Norman was laugh- ing quietly to himself at the farmer’s innocence, which seemed to increase the ire of Mr. Jenkins, who stared up and down his companion stolidly, as much as to say, “None of your larks, young man.” (To be Continued.) 