ALASKA-THE LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN. LECTURE BY MISS AGKERMANN. Miss Achermann, the world's missionary, d gated by the Women's Christian Temperan Union, gave a second lecture at the Town Ht Perth, ybsterday week, on "Alaska-t Land of the Midnight Sun." . His Excellent Sir William Robinson, and Lady Robins' were present, and the hill was filled by large audience. The Chairman,' Mr. J. \ Hackett, M.L.C., in introducing-. Miss Aokt mann, said that he had pleasure in perfon ing the du^y wb/oh had devolved upon bi of int odaoing to them a lady with who most of them we-e a'revdy well acqua:nte and of soliciting a favourable hearing for 01 whom they would very muoh rather listen than to himself. He vas certainly nit goii to invit) a comparison between t'-at whit Mi-s Ackermann would s *y, an 1 th it wbi< he might say, and ha would, therefore, a; " her to procesd with her lecture upon th« great American territory, "Alaska-tho Lax of the Midnight Sun." (Applause.) Mies Ackermann said th it in these diya i advanced thought and liberal education seemed almo it impossiVe te come before thinking people with a subject th it was ne to any of them. It was ju<t a bit r.freshii to feel that her subject th it eveaing was in great measure a new one, ani fiat sbe wt going t o speak of a part of th1) wor'.d whic the rest seemed to have very little knowledg Sometimes it seemed to ber that Alaska wi so far away, that it was almost impossible t think where tbis territory of 600,600 squai miles *was situated Alaska was purchass by the United Stitts Government fro RnsBia about 20 years ago. For a very lon time indeed did the negotiations prosee without settlement, till after Russia refusin .£7,000,000, a young statesman said, "Li ns give £7,500,000 and 2,000,000 muskets, These latter wera the remnants of the grea battle between North and South, and were c no further use. So the bargain was m »di and Russia got her £7,500,000 and 2,000,00 -of the grandest old muskets they -ever sav Her journey to Alaska was commenced fro San Francisco, thence by Taconia ani th gr?at North Lakes. : Af ter leaving the o&pits; of British Columbia, they sailed' for three c four days without seeing so muon as a sig of life or habitation. Bnt. on reaching th first' pert they were greatly repaid for th 1-inel'neae of the trip, for all raund wer great mountains and scenery whieh in it loveliness baffled desorption. At a per further on they went ashore and were con fronted by a guide. She supposed that mos of those who had travelled at nil had learn to beware of guides. Ths o&ptiin; said "Toj will require guides." She asked what then was to t?ee, and the guides told ber of oh rnins and a great water-fa'l. The guide' charge was 5$., and niter putting down th< money the party started. After goin? eions some distance, the guide étopped snddenl and pointad to something. He said, " Those are tbe ruins ot this hill;"-It wai nn'ok wheel-barrow, the first vehicle brough to the hills when gold was discovered,.anc " the miners thought they could wheel ? it awaj in a -barrow. (Laughter.) Then the guid( pointed to a great preoîpioë, and in answer t< their inquiries as to the whereabouts of tbe water .fall, he said, " Well, that is it. It it not exactly a water-fall, bat it is a plac< where water oould fall." ? (Laughter.) Shi : was sore, therefore, that they would follow her in beitag beware of guides.. NATIVE HOUSES."'' The appearance of the native houses el Alaska was muob 1 ke those in most parts ol the world, the only distinctive feature being an immense post, or rather " .«a Bmall tree trunk standing before each. These ¿posts -were about 30 to 40 feet high. Why ar« these pests opposite every door she asked and then she learned something that impressed her very much indeed. The gnide told then \- that the men do not. count a% all in Alaska, that it ia only the woman who figures in society. Obserráir curious figures, suoh as the fatso of a walrus, AU owl, or eagle, her curiosity was answered by the' information that all these carvings were emblematic of the woman pedigree. ? What about the man's pedicrree, abe asked. " Oh, he has none," Bald the guide. (Laughter.) MA.BBIA.GIC CUSTOMS. Peou'iar as the marriage laws are in most foreign end half-civilised countries, those of Alaska went bayoud them. She had. travelled in many countries where men have had the right to have half-a dosen wives ; one she knew who had 28-well, he died, (Laughter.) tfEie was surprised at the reversal of the usual custom in Alalka. A woman, tber?. had the right to one or half- dozen husbands, and one she met who had eight. It waB a oommon thing for a women to hare three or four husbands and all of thèm brothers. THE INTEBIOB. The next post reached was a city called Juno, which was quite a delightful place to visit, only it was so foreign. As she went ashore not a single human being oould she speak to. She felt strange enough, indeed, for she was one of those people who were born on speaking terms with everybody, and if 4hey did net speak to her Fha would speak to them. Inquiring about the goldfield«, she was told that they wore 35 miles away, and that the only way to get to them was to walk. Well, ia America, they had read of English women walking five or ten milo?, and they thought that they were perfect wonders. Bhe did not want, them to believe that American women are lazy, bnt . some bf them i were bom tirsd and oould not getvover it, j (Uugbttr.) Th* ^T«>Bmw1i »«\vi7M) fte1 only animal available. Sha fonni thit the mu'es last .age was recorded at 30, and this was 25 years latir. (Laugbtar.) So they walked the 35 miles, ronnd the head of the great waters of the Yukon Biver. This great river ie mors than 2000 miles long and very little was known of it at the present day. They found large numbers of men working at the goldfields,, tbongh in winter many of ¡ them had to leave for tho eoaet, the cold being eo int mae that the mercury registered 58 degrees below zero. The climate on the oast, strangely enough, is most delightful in winter and is not so cold as New York, Philadelphia, or Chioago. THE ICEFIELDS. Th^y were wondering on the return jeuraey who would be th a first to discover aa ice- berg, and they aw oki one morning in a bay full of them, floxting round in every dirsotion. Thesi were backed by the billi clothed ia trees and ferm an 1 rugged rooks, th* whole forming a scene, to compare »Ith nothing ehe had ever before seen. She had stood before Niagara anl she hal thought it was the greatest wonder in oreation, but she fonni that the great white icebergs wera oven min wonderful. She saw the great mountain soaring into the clouds, one sid 3 olotbed in flowers ani ferns and traes, and the other showing great rocks aid waterfalls. She climbed the summit of this grjat mountain and as she looked up siw one small star which seemed to shine more brightly thin all the others, and on looking at it through a telescope it seeemed to increase ia beauty until the whole heavens wera a mass of brilliant colour and brightness, ani ehe thought surely this is the masterpiece of the creator in natural beauty. Farther progress of tho steamer was s-opp id by a gr¿at wall of ice 2 miles across, thousania of feet high and extending as many feet below the water. After remaining for some days she had the experience of climbing a glacier and observ- ing how icebergs are formed. Beaching the top she saw before her a great mountain of ice larger than the whola of Switzerland. Nothing appeared save death and desolation on every side. Whilst on the monita n a great nois 3 was hoard as of dis bant thunder. The sound gradually increased ia loni cracks andreverberatfonsuntil"anioeb9rg is going to break," Raid tbe capt lin-and in a few moments a great cliff of ice tore away from the glaoier and the ship, whose masts were 10Ó feet high, and whoas length was 300 feet, was complexly shut from view, SB the majestic iceberg floated past. A gre it tidal wave was caused by the displacement made by the COIOSBII iceborg, aid for soma time after i's plunge into the oo?ai the water could bs S3cn rising higher and higher along the shire, while the ship was rooked like a great cradle. Aboard the steamer again, and after passages through perilons straits, they arrived at the capital city, Sitka. This is really the head of steamship navigation and to go further meins a sliting trip. Well when a lidy t»oks.a passage bj a s tiling ship abe knew that she was regarded as a first class nuiaanoe-th3 only instance she knew of sash being the oas 3 (laughter)-so it was some time b if oro tbey started. At l.ngth however, they came down to th3 Aleutian '?luis, sime of which, it was predicted, w ild certainly brieg war between England] au Amerioa. Praise God, there would never | be such a war batwesn them. They were too civilized. (Applause.) THE MIDNIGHT SUN. At length they reached the north of the Yukon river. This was tbe plaoe where the sun shoBe for three months at a'time without a- shadow.. The san was, during thia period, never in the beavens, but always down on the horizon creeping along continually. Ton look to 89e the time, it is t reel ve o'clock, and when twelve o'olook comes round aga-'n it is still day, and diy after day this goes on til], as winter approaches, the sun suddenly drops aBd all is nigkt, as all was day. They could not imagine the terrible strain of this semi perpetual day. Her head felt be ivy at the recollection of it. Oh tbe light, the aching never-changing light. It seemed as though it were a heavy weight upon ones brain. If there were the faintest crack in the window ourtiins or walls there was no hope for sleep. The sun was shining, shhvng all the time and she thought that it was one of tbe most delightful days that she hal ever known when she found that there was such a thing as night. OCCUPATIONS OF THE PEOPLE. Tbe chief channels of labour were direoted in tbe prosecution of whaling, sealing, and fishing. There were several salmon factories in tbe towns, and also large dépôts for the drying of codfish. There was also one cod livcrjoil faotory. All the remaining popula tioa not engaged in these works were opon tbe goldfields and coal mines. MISSIOKAET WORK AND ITS DIFFICULTIES. Daring her stay ia Alaska she paid a visit to the house of the missionary. He had not seen a white woman visitor in three years. His supplies came once a year, and that was all the intercourse he had with the outer ! world. If they wanted to know what missionary work was in Alaska, just let them imagine a woman with her family going to a country like that she had already endeavoured to describe. No sound of kindred VOÍGB?, no sympathetic converse, nothing bat work and desolate ' surroundings, and the work was attended with a maximum of hardship, and with the least adequate reward. Here ehe found the honse which had been oeeupied by Sir John Franklin's wife when she went North to seek her husband, and for ene night she slept in the room that had been occupied by that lady. At Sitka evidences of Baesian relics, were apparent on every side. Shs was again «oatroBtsd by tho gutfle whoie servic-M ehe declined. " But you will be lost," he olaimed, and BO ahe yirlied. When the guide conduoted them to the old Bnssian oistle every room, he said, had a legend. Every corner was allotted its complement of spooks, ghosts etc " Oh, be did not know what tbe legends were, but they were most wonderful." This was the guido again. (Laughter.) BELIGIOUS OBSERVANCE. They also. visited a building of strange architecture-tbe Greek Church. Upon the door was a notification that speeial servios would be held at 2 o'clock. The church was a wonderful place. She expected tb.it its service would be similar to that of the Roman Catho'ic, but that was not so. Th.3 people came in and pros- trated themselves befora tho altar. Then they rose and remained standing uotil tbe service was finished. There was nothing of interest in ths churoh rave the wonder- ful pictures. A magnificent punting of the List Supper extended across the entire width of the building. Thi figure of tbs Saviour was clad in a solid golden mintie, and all of the disciples in robes of silver. It seemed as if someone bsd beaten the solid met il, and packed the robes upon the figures. In another room was one small pictur*, "The Madonna and Child." She bal never seen anything so bîautiful, and, sfauding long before the picture, she real the hope and joy beaming in the face of that Mother, but most of all tbe Mother's love ; and in her arms lay the sl^epiog infant, Jesus. When they ernie ont they saw a place with great bronze doors. The guide said that no woman was over permitted to enter this chamber, and, on being asked tbs reason, eaid that a woman had once passed over the threshold, aid the floor bal to bs taken up. Of course, she did nob want to subject him to that inconvenience, and as women were not curious about these things, she did not trouble (Laughter.) However, ladies' husbands were allowed to enter, and of course they knew whit that meant. (Laughter.) Not being married herself, she could never know what the building contained, so, aft jr all, perhaps there was some advantage in hiving a hus- band. (Laughter.) THE NATIVES. Her expectations wi'h regard to the natives ware that she would find them something like the Bid Indians. They were very different, however, and in fact, no idea can be formed as to what race they belonged to. There was a l;ke^ie-s to tbe Japanese in their general look which led many to believe that some of that race hid been washed over from Japan, the distance not being very great Certainly there was no resemblance to the Bed Indian about them. Tlrey bad a most pecu'iar language wbioh was merely a. gurg- ling in th3 throat, ani missionaries after years of sirvioo in Alaska, had not been ab'e to speak a dozen words of it. When she tri°d to talk for just a while she found that her throat began to ache with the effort to produce the peculiar sounds. The only means that had been found effective in con- nection with missionary work, had been the training of about fifty young men to speak English, and then employing them as interpreters. She learned to her great sur- prise that they were music il. Ono native boy played the American national airs upon a cornet, and said that be played those tunes because he was an American. It appears that these people had special gifts, but she found that it was almost impossible for them to re- ceive instruction* Shi went right among them in their homes, taking with her, as she alway did, tbe Bible. Shs talked to them npon their having mora flan one husband, and endeavored to make them understand that Christian law forbade it. One woman was very much interested. Sift thought the Gospel a mest beau'ifni story, aid wanted to believe in it. This woman c ime to her and said " You tell us it is not right, and that you cannot be a Christian Until you mike up your mind to give up all these mea F" She seemed some- what grieved oa bsinj? assured that this was so. She had three bmbasds, all brothers, and she askel which one she had bett >r keep. Sue (Mi-8 Ackermann) tîld ber that she had better decide that herself, and af kr a week's absence she returne 1 and said tb at Bhe bad chosen one of the men far her husband, and that she was going to be marr'ed according to the Christian ceremonia1. She inquired as to which of the husbands the woman had ehosea, and they would ba astonished when she told them wbi?h it was. Their respective ages wera about 21, 43 and 44, and the woman/ chose-the youngest. (Laughter). Doubt- less her choice was made thuB, because she knew that she could bring him up to her liking. (Laughter). The natives livod in properly consiructel heure; made of trees, A. hole in the reof was the chimney which carried the smoke from thi fire, wfeich was always made in a hole in tao middle of the floor. From the rafters the fish and game were hung and smoked for winter food. They used a kind of narrow flat oily fish which they placed in a maobine like a cider press and squeezed till the oil flowed out. This i oil formed the drink of the natives, and at meals they drank it fr >m a ladle whioh w¿s passed from hind to hand during thc m »al. THE WHITE POPULATION. In response to an invitation Tram the miners on the great goldfields, sao went over the hills to deliver a tempéranos lecture among them. Her experience of them was a remarkable one. There were a thousand men, some of whom had not for many years seen a white wo man* a face. Sae believed that tran without the influcnoe of woman would deganerate, and she had the convincing ovidenoe, from the condition of tho»o nriueraj that it wa» wopaan'» gontte inflaonoe which kept man-man. (Applause.} She was asked to hold her meeting ia a saloon, and her repugnance to have such a soene for ber work wai only overcome by tbe thought, that the movement which she had been sent out to advance, had been born in frant of the publiohense, and she would be nnwoithy of her labour if she did not go. The saloon keeper promised to cover up all the liquors, and she was guaranteed perfect protection while she was in the place. Then, as she looked across she saw a flag floating in the breeze, ani was startled at her hesitation. Why P Because she knew that wherever the Union Jack or the Star3 and Stripes unfarlei their folds, there was a woman's protection and a surety of respect. (Applause.) The men were of the roughest types that could be found anywhere. She remembered, as she approached the saloon, how she wished she cm'd locate the back door instead of entering by the front, and she wondered how mauy men there would think in a similar manner. One white woman and ono native woman were there, and 500 Cornishman and 500 Americans. At the close of her addre-s, a piece of paper fluttered from her bible, and was banded to her by a miner. She told them what that paper contained. It was tbe account in a newspaper of tho finding of the body of a j sailor boy in t'jo waters of Liverpool. Ia j one of his pockets was found a note, on which was written, " Do not mind me, I am only a drunkard." Later, she had read that the coroner of Liverpool had received 200 letters asking a description of that boy. Oh ! when she real toat she knw what it meant. It meant 200 mothers hearts saying " Where is my wandering boy. 60 search ipr him where you will, but bring him home to me." That was just what it meant-200 desolate he ir ts. NATIVE DANCES. Au old chief had died and a new one had taken bis place. This was the oocasion of a great dance among the natives, and, to use a ' saying they had in Amerioa, " It just makes the fur fly." About 200 natives were as- sembled in a sort of shed, and the singing and music tint was going on was not very . much unlike that of the Chinese. The chief was dressed in a long robe of white fur, and had a rei blanket over it. He had sandals on bis feet, tied with something like rope. When the xnusio struck up for the dance she . was surprised tb at no one moved. The men joked hands and the women sat on the floor eating smoked fish. The men began the dance by swinging their bodies into every possible shape and angle, till tte perspiration began to roll from their faces. This dance : ooo tinned for about seren days, when the ] new ohief was declared duly installed. NATIVE GIRLS AND WOMEN, The girl« of Alaska marry at an exceed- ingly youthful age, sometimes when they were about two or three years old. They simply went out on to the beaoh and a great fire was built. Tho girl then selects her hus- band or husbands, and the marriage cere , mony is over. Tho more she saw of these people the more difficult it was to understand thom. The United States had purchased the country with its 11,000 people. What was it going to do with themP Just what bad be sn dona with the Bid Indians. Thc whit9 popularon had driven them further and further into the North, almoBt into the ssa. From that and the result of white as- eo -iations they had blighted, cursed, and des- troyed a race. This is what sh.3 was told, : too, by a red woman from St. John. Such would bo the fate of the race of Alaska. Vices had beea introduced, and not only had tho native population been driven into the sea, but annihilated by what is termed, Christian civilization. ? THE TRAIL OF TEE SERPENT. Sie felt, as che went from one colony to another, that ehe had never roached a land of greater beauty tban Australia-a land of sunshine, fruit and flowers. But even here thera was the same trail of the serpent over the lives of the people, whose existence might be one of so much beauty, happiness and love. She found that the noblest of its sons and daughters could not kee.) away from the same blighting influence. And she wished to fay to them, if they 0 3uld not go to Alaska, let them do something to keep their land beautiful about them, to help tho weaker ones to resist and to prevent the creation of hearts saddened by the anxiety for absent boys and girls. She thought thia was a beautiful colony. It had everything that should make it a home-a perfect Paradise, but tho same evils were pemstantly here. She would say to every Christian man " Take up your portion of the burden and give some aid towards chocking the downfall of j our fellows," so that lives of long suffering may be things of the past. (Applause). Miss Ackermann, at the close of ber lecture, warmly thanked the people of Perth for their kind reception and treatment during her stay, and expressed her deep appreciation of the support they had given to. the great cause which she represented. She proposed a vote of thanks to all who had so enthusias- tically assisted her in this way, to the Chair- man who had so kindly presided that evening, and for the support accorded by him to the movement both personally and through his paper. The Chairman having responded, the choir gave an appropriate hymn which closed the meeting. " Experientiadooet."-We oountthe broken hours of rest, when indigestion mars our slumber, concoctions vile lie on our chest, with aches and pains that none oan number, till sad experience proves the tent, that STONBMAN'S 1 Comn XB THO BBBT, 