ABOUT BERWICK. (BY WANDERER.) I have been to Berwick for a few days this week. It is refreshing to get away occasion- ally from the rush and drive that goes on in Melbourne and suburbs continuously, from Monday morning till Saturday night. In the city especially the high pressure is very great, and the wear and tear on the human machine is at times more than can be borne long. I have a few hours to spare, and ever having in my mind the couplet— 'T was doing nothing was his curse— Is there a vice can plague us worse ? The wretch who digs the mine for bread, Or ploughs that others might be fed, Feels less fatigue than that decreed To him that cannot think or read. Sit down to knock off my usual column for the Chronicle. It is just 15 years since I was in Berwick last, and on that occasion I travelled from Back Creek, Talbot, to where I am now writing from, viz., High street, Berwick, 160 miles to attend the last moments of a dying friend. I left Talbot at 5 p.m., arrived in Melbourne at 11, got a mouthful of supper at Garton's and was again on the road for my destination half an hour afterwards, sitting behind a celebrated old horse named Fireworks. Fireworks had seen better days like a good many more of us, and I frequently since thought it was a cruel occupation (cab dragging) to put such a game, well-bred animal to. But the game old bird took me to Berwick that night in four hours, and taking into consideration the state of the roads and the weight of the cab, I think he did marvelously well. There was no iron horse up this road then, and those that have travelled through the "glue pot" a few miles up will remember how the coaches carrying Her Majesty's mails, and other vehicles used to have occasionally to be dug out, whilst the passengers did the Blondin business on the fences. "Full little knowest them that hast not tried, What a hell it is along such roads to ride." But after all, give me back the good old days. Fifteen years in Aus- tralia is comparatively speaking, a long term, as measured with other country towns ; yet Berwick and its people were then better off than now. This seems strange, but such is the case. I dropped into Searl's, the blacksmith and shoeing forge. When there is no barber's shop in the town, the next best place to look for news is the smithy. Mr Searl is an old and respected resident. He came here 30 years ago, has raised a large family, fears God, drinks no whiskey, and is loyal to his Queen. What better character can I give a man ? Well, what does the honest fellow tell me? Simply that the place is going to the dogs since the railway was run through. I drop into some of the old storekeepers, such as Cameron and Lewis, to buy the Argus, and they confirm what I have already been informed, but in more striking words, that the place is dead. Then I masquerade round and invest a shilling in some good cigars with Mr Kelly, the largest storekeeper, and what does Mr Kelly say ? Well, Mr Kelly is about one of the most sensible Irishmen ever I come across, he says very little; almost "houlds his gab" do you mind me, and looks on me with suspicion—putting me down as a broken-down land jobber or pester- ing bagman from Flinders lane. But after a while I assure him that I am neither, and he becomes more communicative, invites me to his house and we fraternise. I then question my newly made friend about the owners of land around, and putting this and that to- gether, come to the conclusion that the curse of Berwick is the large holdings. I am not one that ever advocated the bursting up of large estates, or yet putting your foot on the throat of capital, but when large exhorbitant prices are demanded by the holders of these big estates from people that are prepared to settle on the land, I do think that the owners act as a brake on the progress of the place, and, to put it mildly, possess very little if any patriotism. I find the Wilsons, the Buchanans, the Gibbs, the Hamiltons, the Levines, the Clarks, the Struttles and Browns own pretty well all the country—barring the five churches and Mrs Bain's one clean, well- conducted pub. I call on a few people here who own land, and I am staggered when they ask me L100 an acre for land outside the township and L25 an acre for bush land, not cleared, two to three miles out. I ques- tion them as to whether they are aware that the boom has collapsed ; they stare at me, are inclined to call me impudent, and laugh at my apparent expense. Thus my readers will see that it is very improbable Berwick will ever advance much until the present generation of the big landowners have passed away. Berwick itself is one of the prettiest and healthiest townships in Victoria. It has all the advantages that nature can shower on it ; is within an hour and a half's run from Melbourne, and the population of the whole shire is only 1200 souls. If the big landholders ever intend to do anything for the people and the future yet unborn Berwickians, let them come down from their lofty pedestal, cut up the runs in 10, 20, and 50 acre blocks, give easy terms, with no pound of flesh interest, and Berwick will become one of the most prosperous and happy spots on the map of Australia. Round about Berwick there are some good vineyards, although small in extent. Mr Longmore shows me round his, and explains the different sorts of wine grapes. He tells me that this is an excellent year and that the crop will "run out" something like 450 gallons to the acre. I next visit Mr Lewis Smith's plantation. Mr Smith is the finest specimen of an Australian that I have ever met. He stands 6 feet 2 inches, weighs 16 stone, is 30 years of age and would make a grand life-guardsman. "Loui," as my guide, Mr Searl, calls him, is ploughing when we arrive ; I am introduced as a vagabond press-man. "Loui" stops the plough, es- corts me round and explains the character and capabilities of his vineyard. Amongst other things, he says, to make farming pay it is as well to have a little of everything - as far as you can consistently go. " Loui" is a bachelor, and if I were a member of the weaker sex, or softer sex if you will, I should throw "sheep's eyes" at Loui. Amongst other curiosities in Berwick is to be found a haunted house. This house I am told was the parsonage attached to the Church of England. Two, if not three died in it and eventually the Rev. Hill was built new brick premises, and the old wooden place let. The tenants cleared out after a short time, both asserting that the house was haunted. I laughed at the story, but Miss S. an esteemed friend, challenged me to sleep in it, and I agreed provided a bed was found for me. I mean to win the wager—gloves, and at the same time arm myself with a little instrument known as a bulldog revol- ver. The ghost that comes floating round the night I am in the haunted house will be pierced enough to act as a cigar holder, and my friend Dr. Helms will have the pleasure of pocketting a couple of guineas for the post mortem. Speaking about Dr. Helms reminds me of our 15 years ago ac- quaintance. The Dr. was then " Cock of the Walk," had no opposition, and was Robinson Crusoe of the position. He is an old army surgeon, and has fought and bled for his country. At the side of my sick friend Mac. we have had many a long chat; I found him extremely attentive, a scholar, gentleman and a judge of whiskey. The Dr. holds several govern- ment appointments such as vaccinator, health officer, and doctor of the Inebriate Asylum. I met him the other day on his black charger and saluted him, but he did not recognise me. I mean to make myself known to this countryman of mine who is a "Dublin Jackeen." 