THE WOMAN'S WORLD THE Librarian of the London University says :'.nt ever since women were admitted to the exainiii:iti"!i.-!. be prepares for examination days extra bo;ti.-=<J water. This is because the gentle sex so persistC.JÎIT over-work themselves and get nervous «nd esc;:<-;î that sème of them always faint, or at least f« 1 linwell that they hare to give up the examination. The men and boys, on the contrary, fate ever; ! very coolly,and never have to be resuscit- tcd in librarian's office. AFAsmr.3 of the moment is to gire "colouroi" dinners or luncheons. Pink, or yellow, for in>t :i : -v the whole of the table decorations being carr;-' 1 , i at in various «.hades of the selected colour, cm n : : io sauces, ices, md creams being tinted to cnrn-o;w>mL The newest menu-card is a tiny Louis XV. ecro't!, with eV.borately gilded sides and top. To be able to make"Auld things lookamai.'l ns weel'sthe new" used to be considered liigh prai.-i-. Now it is the other way—at .least with furniture, vn I lady decorators are successful in proportion, as 'hcy can imitate old Chippendale, old oak, or old Shcm'.i>n furniture. Sometimes the old habit is too strong for them, however; for instance, when a q!>iint n! I spinett is converteJ into a prosiac sideboard, instead of the ghosts of old-world romances, odonrs of dinner and black-coated waiters hover round it. Such are the mistakes that over-zealous lady decorators sometimes make. Now that the whooping cough season is at liaiul, and the east wind introduces other disajrcj forms of catarrh into the land of the Lilliputs, the subject of the little ones' dress (remarks an authority bn children's clothing, writing in the Dzily News) is worth a thought or two. They have all been having new raiment, both boys and girls, and after the trials of standing still to be fitted and triea on, and the proximity of cold steel in the form of scissors when the "neck was sloped," they are eager to experience the pleasantsideofnew clothes and wear then; as " soon as possible. The children associate light tints and thin fabrics with summer joys, and vaguely hope to enjoy the latter when they don the former. But the judicious mother knows too well that the east wind is much more treacherous and dangerous than the hard frosts we have so recently experienced. Warm winter garments, are not to be lightly relinquished, or, if any" change be made in the upper strata, the thickness of those beneath must rather be increased than diminished. It is difficult to obtain sensible undergarments for the little ones. They generally stop short just where warmth is needed. Small petticoatbodices are cut away round the shoulders, leaving t tu upper part of the chest and back without the pro • tection they afford to the rest of the body. The really sensible petticoat comes up as high as the dres.-;, with the exception of the collar of the latter. Many experienced mothers choose .this dansftrous senson <,!' early spring for puttingnew flannelson the youngs+erj. They know that often a cough and cold is thiu averted. But too frequently the old traditions aro followed. The nursery folk are invested with new, warm flannels in autumn, when they are not half so badly needed as now. In form, the small garments retain the impress of the " good old times," when children wore low bodies and short sleeves all day long, and the underwear had to be planned consistently with this custom. Strong and hardy man and women were, it is true, sometimes reared under this system, but modern physicians are unanimous'in condemning it. The climate may have changed. The characteristics and habits of our race may have altered. _ Certain it is that the children of this generation are stronger, healthier, and happier when neck and arms ara clothed than when the vanity of mothers causes the pretty little chest and arms to be displayed. Short socks are now seldom seen on any but babies in arms. Long, warm stockings of pure wool are the rule in winter and spring, substituted by a mixture of wool and cotton or Lisle thread in summer. IT is quite passible to dress children hygienically without making frights of them, thoughsome parents do not «eern tQ ihiak so. They turn out their girls such objects that the sensitive little souls are exposed to the ridicule of their small world, with disastrous effect upon the tender, gentle spirit. A favourite fad is that of keeping the hair cropped short, like a boy's. It is true that jundne length of locks is burdensome to the youthful head and injurious in more ways than one. But there is a happy medium which avoids this, and at .the same time permits the hair to be the ornament which it is evidently meant by Nature to be. Another ugly item in the programme of the hygienic school is the loose blouse bodice, which has absolutely nothing to recommend it. It makes the small wearers look round- shouldered ; and though its reason for existing is based on the theory tbat it averts tightness round the waist, every mother knows that the tendency of nursemaids is to tighten its fastenings in order to get rid of some of its untidy effect. Another good argument against it is its chilliness. It bulges out from the figure and is not half so warm as a garment that fits more closely. Perhaps the very best form of house-dress for children is that which originated some seasons ago in the jersey costume for adults. It consists of a longwaisted bodice, to which a short skirt is attached, the whole being made of warm stockinette, or woollen material. He bodice comes down well over the hips, and has either a wrong side of warm woolliness or a lining of some pure wool fabric. Tha ordinary dress liningB of the grown-up wearer are all wrong, especial ly forchildren. They interfere with the benefits conveyed by the wool. During the severities of the past memorable winter some sensible mothers had their little girls dressed in gowns of the above description, worn over warm woollen knickerbockers to match, with but one comfortable knitted petticoat between. This was, like the woollen underwear, made to come up well in the neck. The outer dress could be modified to differences of temperature. Bibbed woollen stockings of the closest and most protective make, cover the legs, and must, on no account, be short. Hey should cover the limbs well up beneath the knickerbockers. In attire of this order many a happy little girl has felt as independent as her brother during tbe long dark months, and has escaped the chills and coughs that so easily be*et the young in our English witter. Nothing bettci could be devised for their wear throughout the next few weeks, " till May is out." However bright aad balmy a day may shine upon us here and there during the next two months, there is certain to oe a return of the chill east wind. During the last few years, with the one brilliant and delightful exception of May, 1890, we have had hardly any warm weather till the end of June* 