A LAZY HOLIDAY ON THE RIVER. [BY AN ITIKERAXT.] I.—OTTPU NEGLECT OF ouit RIVER—ATTRAC- TIVENESS OF DISTANT WATERS—AN* ARID TRACT AND A NEW ORDER OF KNIGHT- HOOD—THE RAILWAY MAN AS TICKET- PUNCHER — MORGAN — THE RIVER STEAMERS—THEIR WHISTLES. "The River" is the Murray. Captain Sturt discovered the Darling in 1828, aud practically discovered the Murray iu 1829. The great majority of South Australians have not even yet discovered their only respectable watercourse, the Northern Territory being always most expressly excepted in this generalization. Statistics concerning the Adelaide visitors to the Murray would probably prove that our river has not been travelled upon by more than one or two per thousand of all the city folk who dwell within the sound of Mr. Cohen's voice in a no-confidence debate, and who endanger their sanity by trying to read the hour at night from a distance upon the spiderwebby-looking dial of the General Post- Oflice clock. Yet the Murray is but a few miles off. e You may reach it by spending only a little more money than it costs to go to the Theatre. Li the proper season you may steam from Goolwa along the Murray and the Darling about 2,500 miles into the heart of Eastern Australia, and enjoy yourself, repair your broken health, and all the time troubleyour pocket less than if you merely devoted your holiday to an olfactory analysis of the varied aromas of Melbourne, or to an inspection of "our beautiful harbour," of which the Sydney people are so proud that they surely must have made it themselves ! If the Murray were a thousand miles away it would be the correct thing for Adelaide people to make excursions upon it. Distant waters are the finest. It is so much more romantic to read descriptions —made alluring by legends manufactured according to the demand—of the American Mississippi, than to get one's own descriptions and invent one's own traditions upon the Australian Mississippi. Notwithstanding, scenes like many of those described bj'Mark Twain inlilsMississippi books are being reproduced rogulariy within an easy railway journey of Adelaide—all except the mad steamer races, with a negro sitting upon the safety-valve of the driving machinery. The Radical and I started in February upon a self-imposed mission to rediscover the River Murray on behalf of the people of South Australia and of her future dependencies of New South Wales and Victoria. The journey to Morgan is 103 miles long, and very leisurely. If there should be more sterile- looking country than that between Eudunda aud the terminus it had better be seen in pictures than in reality. Yet courageous Anglo- ' Australians who are not mad " take up" this country, endure its heat, its dust, its flies, its waterlessness, and its depressing i : scenery, and some of them make money out of their enterprise. Not many of them perhaps—not more than the proportion who gain profits by buying , shares or tickets in Church bazaars—but still some. Yerily they deserve their reward. Now that English potentates are considering whether they should not strengthen the painter which moors the Australian dingy to " the wooden walls of old England" by inventing a new order of Australian honours, a suggestion by the Radical may be useful to Lord Salisbury when this article from the Itegister is cabled to him in the ordinary course. The Radical proposes that the initials of the new knighthood should be K.C.M.S.S.B.C.—Knight Commander of the Murray Scrub and Salt Bush country. "Yet, mark my words," the Radical continues, with his one remaining eye rolling in the surges of prediction, "the day will come when these arid plains shall blossom like unto the dandelion in September; for assuredly the subterranean waters which flow uselessly to help the Murray to waste itself in the sea shall be brought to the surface by artesian wells ; from the river shall run huge aqueducts, and the thirsty land from Morgan even to Kapunda shall be one vast smiling irrigated vineyard." The hilarity of the Radical's prospective vineyard would probably be modified, when his vision was realized, by a progressive land tax devised in the interests of true Democracy, Sir ; but if people -will be industrious, and make money, and put money into land, they must be expected to paj for their blessed privilege. The most natural remarks elicited by the unattractive scenery of the region at present are the sterterious snores which arise occasionally from wearied travellers whose rest and whose breakfast have suffered in the effort to catch the early morning tram. One great advantage enjoyed by the Morgan Railway has not been sufficiently advertised; it enables passengers to sleep without sleeping cars. At least, it would enable them to sleep if the officials on the line were given some other antidote to injurious meditation than that of cutting up your ticket. " The man who thinks is dangerous." Therefore the South Australian Railway regulations seem to prescribe that "whenever a guard or a ticket-taker on the train finds himself in jeopardy of thinking, with nothing else to do, he shall rush to tlie passengers, and, demanding their tickets, savagely bite pieces out of them with a sharptoothed pair of nippers. When you reach your destination the remains of your railway ticket would look most like a bit of old-fashioned Gothic style stiff embroidery, if its gradually accumulated dirt and the embossed figures which some of the punches stamp upon it did not make it so much resemble a detached piece of papyrus, with hieroglyphics im- 1 printed thereupon. The Radical intends i;j!! to propose that a Royal Commission should be appointed to ascertain what dire offence railway tickets have committed, or what awful wickedness they are likely to commit, since it is i necessary to be continually punching them. As Royal Commissions are now considered by outsiders to be a convenient means of adding to public patriots' incomes in some cases, the Radical's proposal will probably be carried. The expense of a Commission, however, seems to me to be quite needless. It is clear that the railway officials are mercifully forced to punch the tickets so as to exercise their muscles and distract their minds from brooding upon the scenery. It is a philanthropic idea, and on development only it lacketh ! Each passenger should be provided by the department with a little tray in which to gather up and hold the shattered remains of his ticket after the officers have finished punching it. Travelling upon a hot summer's day, you arrive at Morgan in a partially molten state. The wonderful dry heat of the place—what a sanitorium for oldworld consumptives it might be made !— soon hardens you again, and prepares you for future contingencies in a climate still more severe than this. Morgan is a town of unrealized expectations. It started to grow big and then suddenly stopped, and the parts which did grow have begun to seem -withered and old. The houses look out of their windows in a painfully surprised fashion—for houses have a distinct physiognomy, and an interesting study that physiognomy is if you will only pursue i —as though they were afflicted with perpetual astonishment at the marvellous way in which South Australia has blundered over the river trade, by makiag railways expressly designed to fight each other and to combine to kill the natural river port. A fellow-traveller assured me confidentially that no other such specimen of Governmental fatuity had been known . & 6ince the Deluge, aud as he was once connected with an Upper House he ought to . i i i ! j | be an authority upon antediluvian matters. The comment of another expert was that South Australia is at : last awaking to an idea of the importance of the trade which the other colonies are stealing from her, only that her awakening is coming gradually like the arrival of : the Millenium, when the battle flag shall be furled, &c.; For the rest of the quotation refer to almost any recent federation speech, peroration division. An antedeluvian illustration like that which has just been used harmonizes with your feelings when, having inspected the really capital hydraulic railway appliances at the Wharfs and talked to the Scotch engineer—did you eeer know an engineer who was not a Scot 1—you drop your portmanteau upon the deck of your river steamer. Like the camel—"the ship of the desert"—a river steamer is not built for beauty, although it is as pleasant and as comfortable as any well-disposed tourist should require. " Handsome is that handsome does." The Radical says that our little steamer mast be the original Noah's Ark ; but— having driven bullocks in the early days —he is not well up in the Scripture, else he would have known that the original Noah's Ark did not' contain a steamengine. He must, therefore, be mis- '• taken. Noah's general plan of arcliitec ture, however, has been followed with variations by the builders of the usual type of light-draught river steamers, in spite of the fact that Noah had plenty of depth of water for his vessel. A rough nursery model of the craft may be easily made. Put upon a kitchen tray four upright stilts ; partly within and partly above those stilts fasten a large wooden matchbox, and atop of that fix a small match-box ; add a pair ot paddle-boxes, and a funnel, and that will do for all practical purposes. The great idea is to get a broad beam upon your boat, so that you may float over shoals and snags, and moor to the bank in water shallow enough almost to ground a tub unless the tub's keel should trespass upon the mud. Yet, as we have already noticed, these river craft are wondrously cosy, and comfortable too, apart from their embarrassing tendency to levity. For they are always whistling. At sea, as we are told in realistic detail in every nautical novel, the furious wind whistles through the ringing of the doomed ships, &c.; As these boats have no ringing for the wind to perform upon they must supply their own music, or else go without any, and the way iu which they meet the emergency is a convincing proof of marvellous adaptability. Iu fact, they have made their own whistle their speciality. In your contemplation of this fact you are almost ready to forget the other fact that the perpetual whistle will not permit you to sleep any more than the railway officials would do earlier in your journey. Now tlie steamer whistles as it starts, and agnin as it pulls up at a woodh'eap to replenish the fuel, for which it has a remarkable appetite, equalled only by that oi a small boy at a Sunday-school treat: then it whistles as it approaches some other steamer; presently it whistles when it runs into the soft bank to load a bale or two of merchandise, or to drop or to pick up a passenger. These may be called the regularly prescribed and authorized whistles, but the river steamer whistle pipes up besides on extra occasions. It varies the monotony of a longish stretch of journey, otherwise unbroken, by whistling as if though just to keep itself from feeling lonely and nervous ; if it touches a snag it whistles ; it whistles at one time because it does see or fancies tliat it sees something along the stream ; it whistles at another time because it does itol see something along the stream ; and it dissipates its remaining energy whilst an ounce of steam is left by whistling cheerily to its special old acquaintances amongst the chief landmarks along the banks, or competing with the doleful night song of the curlew. Our Parliamentary Poet Laureate, Sir. Caldwell, once wrote a weird poem about a ghost that haunts the Murray banks, but he omitted to state what fell disease liad caused that ghost to walk and flit. I have pleasure in supplying the deficiency. The Coroner's verdict should have attributed the death of the deceased to "a perpetual attack of steamship whistle." The screaming of the whistle, and the groaning and the hissing of the machinery make up a concert, and the thick clouds of black smoke, speckled by myriads of bright red sparks, shot fiercely out of the steamer's funnel, represent a scene, which may fairly have justified the aboriginals' old theory that the Murray steamer was the white man's, devil just as gold was the white man's god. Some nervous -women are in painful trepidation all the time they are on board the boats, but there is no real occasion for fear. If anything particular should happen to the craft you may almost walk ashore in some parts of the river at summer time, and all you have to do is to arrange that your accidents shall occur at those particular places. Nervous women do not, however, think of that or appreciate it. Perhaps they remember the anecdote of the thankless man who reached the bank of another river as the only survivor after a steamboat explosion. " What a lucky escape you have had," somebody said effusively, "Lucky!" he answered with a frown, "Why, my boots are wet through, and look at this confounded mud on my trousers." We had a nervous woman on board, and she had a husband who ought to be able to find profitable occupation as a portable antidote to hysteria. On the last night of our travels she declared, excitedly— " Really, now, I feel that I cannot— dare not—go to bed until this steamer is moored to the bank. She groans so and shakes so that I'm terribly afraid she'll capsize, or stick in the mud, or—or go to pieces !" " Oh, you'd better go to bed," growled the practical husband; "there's no danger of what you talk about happening. The only thing that you have to | fear is that the biler 'U bust." The poor woman went off in despair to her cabin. Frequently the steamers do run upon snags, and some of them have • been snagged in earnest and sunk to : the bottom. At this time of year the particular amusement for passengers is to see the vessels go aground, and to watch : the arduous efforts of the whole ship's e company to get them off by fastening ropes to this tree, that tree, or the other tree, and by hauling upon those ropes until the shaky craft creaks and groans again and again. The watchword then is, "Look out for the ropes." The strain is at times so intense that the hemp snaps like thread, and the flying ends are dangerous. A while ago a knockabout hand, working his passage upon one of the boats, incautiously got his leg entangled in a hauling rope. Tightening suddenly the line cut his foot clean oflj and he, dropping overboard, was drowned. • ! , ! i ; i : • ' . 1 ' j j ; j ; i | ; i . . j j i j 