BOB MARTIN'S LfTTCIttLl A Novel " 11v DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of Joseph's . Coat, Aunt Uaohel, Rainiiow Gold, &e.;, ito., &c.; All Riohts Reserved. Chapter XX. When Redwood had received the lettev in wtdoh Dom informed him of his mother's knowledge of the truth, he ln\d nt once hastened to ills employers to ask for toave of ubseuoo. The permit was given, all the mora readily since tile firm had nocd of his sorvioas in their Lon don ostabliBlimont. Ho was bidden, so soon as tho urgent private affairs which took him away should bo arranged, to enter upon an employ ment wliioh would cost him some two mouths of time. Ho went to his work siolc at heart, but resolute. Lifo wns Bavorless, flavorless, without color. He did his duty doggedly in spito of all, nnd, in the monutimo, nn event was preparing which set him in a position perhaps unique in the history of mankind— a position so terrible and strange, that whilst it lasted it mnda the sorrows ho had already endured seam trivial in comparison. To tho amazement of everybody nbout him. Hethciidgo begnn to mend again. Mind anil norve wore alike so blunted that the shook of aotnal discovery and denunciation eaino upon him with infinitoly less effeot than might have been predicted. He had swooned in Mrs. ltod- wooil s grasp, and had Iain long unconsciouss bat on his return to a knowledge of tlio thing, around him, his medical men discovered to their surpriso that there had been no second paralytlo seizure. He was shaken nnd weakened, and it might be that his roaovery was indefinitely retarded, but the symptoms to ho most dreaded were. but little aggravated. Sir William ICep- ncll gave it as his opinion that IiiB patient's fall upon tho lawn was due to vertigo induced by over exertion, and the suburban practitioner respectfully followed in bis train. Hetheridge's mind during the weeks that fol- fowed affords a curious study. Ho remembered everything that had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expeoted tho open denunciation of his crime, but how it had oome about that he had been reoogntsed after all that lapse of yoars he did not guess. - He had boon washed and dreased day by dayby his attendants, and had not seon his own imago in a glass from tho moment when that damning likoness to his old disguiso had begun to Btenl upon him. Had ho been in full possession of his faculties, bis instinot of caution would hnve taught him hotter than to permit himsolf to return to the similitude of tho false Andrd Dom, who bad murdered Ellice Redwood's hus band. But his thoughts were all clouded and undefined. Thoy had no distinct and definite boundary, nnd tboy melted, as it were, ono into the other, changing confusedly, no that whilst ho pocred dimly at ono idea, he would find him self suddenly confronted with another which in noway resembled it, and porplexed him with tho strangeness of its aspeot. In a sense, this mental condition was favorable to recovery, for it -robbed all his sensations of their poignnnoy and gave his shattered nerves repose. Nothing seemed to matter very much to him. Tho worst had happened already. The unseen image which had so long haunted him had at last declared itself, arid in that instant ho had tasted tho pains of hell. All tho punishment his undetected crime had brought him, the slow years of unre pentant dread, the remorseless acousation of the ghost, that traolced him, had seemed as if gathered into ono appalling and overwhelming avalanche of agony. Thoro are things for the expression of which the human vocabulary is inadequate, and the extreraest words after all express no more than averages. The stupendous force of the blow whioh struok him, the earth quake rending of the soul with fenr in that swift point of time in which it fell, the hideous nnd instantaneous rout of every vital force withia him — all theso things are properly inde- aoribable. Thoy are outside tho realm and sway of words,. aad' even the imagination oonoeives them feebly. He learned by-and-byo in a dim uninterested way that he was ruined. That mattered as little as any tiling and every tiling else to him. The visits of Sir William Keppeli oeased without explana tion on tho side of that expensivo pbysioian, or cariosity on Hotheridgo's. AVIien, after a space of five weeks, the walks about the lawn were resumed, he found that two of liis servants had discharged thomselves and had taken Bight in search of an unbroken master. Jossamer came to see him nnd had an interview in whioh ho set forth the irremodiablo character of the crash. Hetheridgo heard and understood, and accepted the understanding with an indifference which looked astounding to anyono who had not tho key to bis rnind. All bis hooks .and papers wero in the hands of a firm of accountants, and his creditors wero awaiting their report nnd tho siok man's reoovery. The failure lind carriod widespread ruin with it, and a dozen firms had gone down like so many houses of cards. Jossamer was full of it all, nnd it possessed him with a sense of importance and personal morit which he had never fait before. There bad boon no such panio in the finnnoial world of London for the past five years, and Ju9samer enjoyod all the dignity pertaining to it,, and oxperionced none of the attendant pains and penalties. Ho avolled in a sort of awc-struok oxaltntion, and savored his own importance with a relishing nostril. His employer's indiiforonoe had, to Jossamer a mind, something almost impious in it. He seemed careless of his own dignity. To bo the supremest bankrupt of that decado and to have no pride in it. Une or two local tradesmen had hurried freely in witli petty olaims whioh were not even lloa- bitos wlion comparod with what remained of tho gigantic figure thoy assailod. They sued ill tho County Court, and oonjoined together to put a man in possession, but Jossamer dismissed him with ilia claim, and with a soorn so lordly that the man shrank away abashod. Jessnmer visited these presumptuous tradesfolk and re buked them to bis own groat enjoyment. Did those yokel intelligences presumo to imagine, he demanded, that a man, a man who had failed for two millions storling, was to bo harried by their like. He had never oared for Hetbcridge tho man, but he had esteemed Hetheridgo the financier always. Now, in the grandeur of his fall ho would, had his employor shown a pro per spirit, havo revered liim liko an emperor. As Hetlieridgo's bodily strength returned, his mind olenred, nnd ilia troubles nnd terrors became more real to liim. It was as if witli every ounce of strength ha gnined an extra ounce of weight were posed upon his shoulderB. For three months ho had been free of his phantom, but now it began to visit liim again and to tako its old plnce at his shouldor. Ho thought with an inconceivable dread of the possibility of its reappearing before him, and he would have flown to tho uttermost ends of the oartli rather than faoe again the nomination of its gaze. Ho clung to life with a desparato tennoity. Whatever day of life ho oonlii seouro -meant a respite from an imaginary something Whioji must neoessarily be worse than what he -batDeiulurod already — that ugly, physical hell which Is the bugboar of ignorant and ignoble ouls:'- t Uo bad put its contemplation to the aloor. thousands of times, but it came book now with A oonstant insistence and reiteration. It had always returned after expulsion, but he had boon used to contemplate it from far nway. Per haps ho had been able to think it had been no moro than a bugbear after all— a device of the nursa to soare naughty ehlldren to proprioty. In any oaso it had been distant. Ho bad felt young- and full of health and vigor, but now lie dared doubt no longer, nnd the awful tiling was near. He was an old and broken man, aged yoars before bis time, poor and friendless, with no hand to gunrd him from the rubs of the world, or to help a wretched and despairing soul to cling to an onfeeblad body. Ho wondered why ho waB not donouncod to justice, and as the days rolled by, laaving liim still at freedom, his terror mounted to hysteria. So soon as he oould possibly gather strength enough to move about tho world alone, he resolved on flight. He had an abject torror of the house he lived in, and had never once dared to re-ontor tho otiAmber in whioh his phantom lmd suddenly resolved itself into seeming flesh and blood. A day or two before his illness a payment of somo few Hundred pounds had been made to him in Bank of England notos. This was a very rare ocourronco, for in bis establishment, where thousands and hundreds of thousands wero ganiblod for, the game was played by the me dium of paper oounters. Cheques, promissory notos, bills of exohange, securities of all sorts wero plentiful; but in that very temple of mammon a bank noto was a rarity, and a coin passod in the way of business a thing unknown. He had thrust this haphazard sum into his breast pooket, and had deoided to pay it into the bank together with oheqnos and seourities of 1 far greater value, but had forgotten his intontion for tha day, and had carrriod the money homo with him. It was but a small affair, and he had thought but littlo of it, but now he recalled it to memory with an extravagant joy. Granted that his strength oame baok to him, ho had the means of flight. He oould at least put tho sea between him and his fears of arrest. It waB significant of him, and natural in him, that no thought of tho girl whom he had reared to regard him ns her father, entered his mind. She was forgotten as oomplctely as if she had never existed. Ho had aoeopted the ohargo in one of the few touches of right ho had over ex- Keriencod in his lifetime, and had continued it alf freakishly and half to vont a spite on a man whose mannor displeasod him. It is probable that she would have profited immensely if ho hod died before ruin fell upon hira, for ho had no ambition to leavo a namo behind him suoh as has urged tho founders of great oharitablo enter prises, and lie had. noithor friends nor relatives amongst whom to divide bis wealth. She wonld hnve been his natural horltrix although only by the perpetration of a harmless fraud whioh had beoomo habitual to him. Ho remembered to havo thrust the bank notes into a cash hex whioh he had plaoed in an old- 37 fashioned armoire in his bedroom So far as ho had reason to believe, it had been under look and key ever since, and when onco the double idea had occurred to him that the ueoossity for flight was urgent, and that lio had or ought to have the means of flight at hand, ho was on fire with fear and impatience until he could decide that tho precious paper had not been tampored with. The master of millions when be last entered the house sought now for this more handful of monoy with a desperate oagernoss Hewas on tho lawn when the memory of his treasure occurred to him. Ho summoned bis : one remaining : man servant and bade him assist him in mounting the stAirs. "Faster, you snail," ho snarled, qb the man paused upon the raid-way landing to give him breathing time. Ho dismissed him fiercely at the bedroom door, and having seoured the door with. fingers that scarcely obeyed his will, he hobbled on his two Btioks to the armoire, and to his intense relief found that the' oash box had not beon tampered with. It oame into his mind that once before in his career he had made use of a sum of money, sot carelessly aside in safety without the merest glimmer of knowledge in his own mind as to the service it would render him, ' and for a time he exulted. "1 shall be away," ho said to himsolf, as he sat in an arm ohair fumbling witb tho notosand ' gloating over tliera. "They think I am helpless here. They fanoy that I can't got away. They are making inquiries to confirm suspicion, and are taking their time about it. I am stronger than they fancy. I have more wit than tboy think fur. I shall baflle them yet." If he had not had bucIi grounded reason to ' fear pursuit, hisdread of it would have amounted ' to a mania. It was in the air, lie sweated at its meuace in the night timo, his days were full of ' it, and every footfall in tho quiet house, every arrival of the doctor, every innocent messenger ' who bore provisions to tho kitohon quarters brought that threat nearer and mado him tremble at it. Qis attenilnn ts had been honest, and the loess coin ho had carried in his pockots at the moment of soizuro was still in his possession. It amounted to;some£6or£7ingoldandsilver. Ths only personal vanity to which he had ever sur rendered himself . lay in the possession of jewellery, and ho had rings and scarf pins, wntch ohains and jewelled pendants enough' to have satisfied the dc.sires of half a dozou average dandies. So a soon as his poor modicum of strength roturncd to him, ho emptied all these from the various cases in whioh thoy rested, and made a littlo glittering heap of them upon his dressiug table. "I shall have something to livo on," he muttered; "something to live on, I shan't starve for ono while anyhow." He sat down at tho tabic to arrange the scarf pins in rows, pinning them into a hand- keichiof, preparatory to packing them away, but his fingers were clumsy and iromuiou, and scorned reluctant to ohev !ti« will. 17a Buccocdcd at last, however, and having rolled up all the wealthy gowgaws, he thrust them ' into tho foot of a sock and locked them into the cash box, which in its turn ho scoured in the armoire. ' From that hour ho set himself reso lutely to do whatever seemed likely to increase his strength. Ho followed tho ordinances of the doctor with a slavish fidelity, exceroised himself peisistontly but without overtaxing, and bent the wholo remnant of his will to the one end he had in view. In his own dreadful way, . he had given proof years ago of an iron tenacity of resolve. He was onfecbled in every respect, and braiu and body had alike suffered. His . purpose was not of tho old indomitable force, but he still made it serve. Within two months ' from tho hour of his daughter's departure from the house, he felt that he might dare to face the world. He could fair less dare to wait and face the dangor whioh slept so quietly. He had had his bed conveyed to one of the ground tluor rooms, and had oaused the apart : meut to be furnished in all respects as a bed- oliainber. Tho difficulty of mounting tho stain gave an absolutely valid oxcuso for this manoeuvre, but he was in great anxiety lest his real purpose should ho discovered. The night was cold and raw, and when he looked out upon it from his window a thin gauze of cloud, with an opalescent 'aqueous light within it, was . hurrying, wiud-driven, across the face of the half obscured cresocnt of the moon. : The bare polos of the troes whipped tho air and clanked against each other in the November blast. It wau after 10 o'olook. The : house had' been still for a full half hour, and . not a mouso was stirring. lie had attired him self in a heavily furred overcoat, had packed his ' valuables and change of uudorciothing in a small bag, and now stood ready to depart. The ' French windows opened oloso to the drive, and once outside of tho house there was no fear of his being missed bofore morniug, and hardly any of pursuit even then until suoh timo as the avenger should receive news of his Sight. The night uir struck upon him with a fresh chill, which braaed him, and ho walked , stealthily towards the gate, taking caro to avoid the drive, whioh was faintly illuminatod by tho ' rays of a distant lamp, and erossing the lawn where the shadows of the evergreens deepened tho gloom of the uigbt. The gato creaked upon < its hinges as he opened it and gave his nerves a ' ; momentary jar, but nothing oame. of it. Ho walked along the street, seen now for the first ' time for nearly half a year, and quite un- | familiar in its winter aspect. Tbcro had been .rain that afternoon, and tho puddles in the road crinkled and shiverod beneath tho wind, and ' gliinmored palely in the light of tho street - lamps. With a view to his enterprise, he had feigned an especial weakness on that day, and had taken complete rest. The vigor which animated his limbs was surprising to himself, though the ; passers-by saw only a tottering old man with darkened glasses and a great grey board, who ; shuffled painfully along the paveinont with tho aid of a walking stick. He bad laid all his plans beforehand, and was ready with a scheme to baffle pursuit when it should start upon his trail. He made his way to the noaresb cab stand, distant perhaps 300 yards from .his own gato, and hailing tho driver of the sole vehicle standing thoro, instruotcd him to drive to Kew. He entered tho oab with con siderable difficulty, and waa driven away. " Have the gloss down, sir?" tho driver asked ? him through tho little aperture at tho top of the : cab. "No," he answered bruaquoly, in that dla- ! torted voico whioh had belonged to him bIdoo his first seizure, " Drive on." Tho cabman touched his stood with the whip ' and rosumed the slashing poo he had for the moment relaxed to make nis quostion audible. The rush of cold air into tho oab vivified and half intoxicated tho passenger. He was coated well and had a thick silk muffler turned about his . neck, and it wasa physical joy to be back in open spaces. Where the road was clear of houses, j the .flat meadow lands, with their trees which wrestled in the embraces of the wind, lay gloomy and sombre on either' side, with winking rain pools throwing - a slant light for a mere Instant : of time beneath tiro moon, or in the gleam of somo distant lamp.' Thei clouds linrrieu in con fused and obscured , mosses across the sky, changing in forra perpetually. TUo splosh and rattlo of the'horsos' feet, tho whirr and ramble of tho wheels, the phantom ' troes , that ran towards him from the darkhesi ' with their battling branches, and were passed' and 'vanished in a flash, the rushing wind, all seemed to' speak exultantly of liberty. He hugged the precious bag upon his knees in botk his fur-gloved hands, and leaning his bearded ohin upon tho, crook of his walking stick, ho stared right and left into tlio night, and triumphed , rit every strido that brought him nearer safety. Wnen he had reaohcu the end of his drive, lrad paid the cabman, and had seen him drive away, his mood failed hirri suddenly, altogether. He knew but little of Holy Writ, and could havo made no guess as to where tho phrase might bo found or where ho' had heard it, yet the words cameinto his mind us clearly as if a voice had whispered thorn " Though I fly to tho utter most ends of the earth, Thou art there." His fear was at his -shoulder again, the murdored Redwood dogged his footsteps, and the de lighted frenzy of a minute hack was » mockery and a delusion, which left his stato yet bitter and more forlorn. . Ho had caused himsolf to bo act down within a little distance of the railway station, arid walk ing thither he feigned to make inquiries about n train to Barnes. Emerging, ho chartered a now cab, and was driven , Loridonwards as far as Hammersmith, where ho had a confusing choice of linos of rail which would help still further to check pursuit. He chose the District Line and hooked for Charing Cross. Arrived thero, lie discovered that the inail started for Antwerp, vid Dover and Ostcnd, shortly after 7 o'clock in the morning. He took a room in tho hotol whioh commands tho station, and having forced himself to eat, drank three or four, glasses of brandy and water, arid bo hotook himself to bed and to sleep. Iti pursuance of the orders lie had given, he was aroused in timo to dross, break fast, and catch the train. Tho platform was fall of hurrying figures, and a yellow fog Blurred the lights. Ho had taken a first class passage, resolving to enter on a sovore economy wlion once safely landed on the Continent, but at the same timo reckless in liis expenditure of his narrow funds. Ha was slow in mounting the carriage steps, arid was rather roughly hustled by a burly and excited passenger who pressed up holiind him with a portmanteau and a great bale of rugs arid overcoat, determined to secure a corner seat. The whistlo sounded, there was a slamming of doors, arid at the very instant whori the train began to move, a late traveller stepped into tlio carriage and took his scat opposite Hetheridge, who for the moment paid no hood to liim. His eyes, indeed, were occupied iri searching the platfoim for an al together problematical pursuer, and when lie turned his gaze within' tho carriage, the train was already in motion, tho light was flickering, and the filthy yellow oil washing to and fro in its gloss basin, so that he had no opportunity of recognising his vis-a-vis . Ho had purchased a rug at tho bookstall of the station, and wrapping this about him he leaned back in his scat, folded his hands, and closed his eyes in tho hope of passing an hour or two in slumber. His night's rest, despite his potations, had been broken and of almost no value to liim, and ho began to feci that if he were to contiuuc his journey without incurring a relapse, lie must husband all his resources. For a while his thoughts dragged at him, haling him hither and thither, but at last his fatigue told. Tlio rumble, rumble, of the wheels began to sink and rise upon his car with a measured music, and he felt into a dose. The clear early dawn was bright when he awoke, and looking up he saw his phantom in the flesh again, gazing straight through liim as if with eyes that saw within liim and beyond him. - Gcorgo Redwood had fulfilled his commission in London, and was travelling back to his employment at Liige. Chapter XXXI. Tho train stopped at Dover Town, and the oolleutors bustled from carriage to carriage. A stcntor on tho platform bellowed, " All tiokets ready, please," and a smart official presented himself with a smiling tiptoe alacrity at the door of the carriage. "Tiokets, gentlemen, if you please." The carriugo had four oooupants. Three tickets wero immediately tendered, but tlio bearded man with the blue glasses made no motion or sign of motion. "Tiokot, if you please, sir," said the official, tapping him on tho shoulder. " Quick, sir, if you plonse, the train's fivo ininutos behind timo already." Ketheridge looked upmeohanically as the hand touched his shoulder, but made no furthor inotion. " Come, come, sir," cried the collector. "You're keeping tliotrniu waiting." Tho guard sounded a wnrr.ing whistlo and the train begun to move on again. The collector entered the carriage, oiosed the door behind him mid took . liia seat with a little air of impatience and in- jnry. " Now will you let mo have that ticket, if you ploasc, sir?" Hetheridge began to fumble pain fully with liis rug, tlicu with tile button of his overcoat. Finally he found the ticket just as the train was slackoning its pace at the pier. Tbe collector looked at it with suspicion, punohed it carefully, and sprang from the carriage before the train had well come to a standstill. The two passongers nearest to tlio. door daslied out hurriedly, and Redwood was in tho act of fol lowing when ho looked baok and saw the bearded man sitting helpless behind his bine goggles, evincing no disposition to move. George had seen the tieket in the collector's hands and know that this helpless fellow passenger was hound for Antwerp. It seemed unmanly to leave tho poor old fellow there, but time was pressing. " You are going to Antwerp," he said, taking liim by the arm and in his hurry somowliat roughly assisting him to rise, " You must oome with mo." He snatched up the old man's rug nnd throw it over his own arm, seized a little blnok bag which lay upon tlio seat, thrust a thick walking stick into tho trembling hand and half led, half drow him, to tho platform. Porters were rushing to and fro, passengers thronged on the boat, the gangways and tho pier, a lioarse bumming from the ongine pipes set the funnels of the steamer ringiug, and filled tbe air with a deep murmur. There was a boisterous wind, and the sea was washing against the wall of tho Eior with a promise of heavy wenthor outside, ut the wintry morning sky was resplendent, and the sun flamed like some imaginable jewel. Guiding and supporting his companion's tot tering stops, Goorgo passod down the gangway and along the deck, surrendered the rug and the small blaok handbag to the owner, and then sought a place in which to bestow himself and bis personal impedimenta. The warning whistle shrieked, tho gangway was withdrawn, tho paddles made their first revolution, and the boat heaved frooly to. the motion of the water. Redwood, had fonnd a place for liis rugs and travelling bag, and had Btarted on a brisk pro menade up and down the deck, when he saw tlio lata protrigii obliging to the deck railing with his belongings about bis feet, and staring in liis direction in a mannor which looked altogetber fatuous nnd absurd. He called a steward. "Just look, after that old gentleman," he s&id;, indicating Hetheridge. " He seems to he altogether helplcsB and bewildered. " f ' I'll seo to him, air," tho man reapondod, and at onco crossed ovor. Heholped Hctheridgo to a scat, having first tucked him tightly about his waist, gave him his black bag aud his walking atiok; nnd having surveyed him inquiriugly with Ms, head one side, as if asking whore a finishing touch could bo put in with advantage, decided suddenly that tho work was complete, and de parted abruptly, ,i ... , . . Redwood tramped up aud down the deok, setting Ills blood in brisk circulation and filling his -lungs with tho revivifying salt sea air. Every now rind .then ! ho oast a glance at tho queer old bearded figuro in tho biuo goggles, and by-and-byo he began to bo uncomfortably aware of tho foot that tho man's eyes were .fixed upon him', rind that they followed him as if with interit watohfulucss in his march to and fro. .' At every turn lie made at tho extremity of his brief promenade ho found the face turned towards hiin. As ho moved, this apparently uurcasonirig watcher's head turned aa it upon a pivot, and. whon next Redwood faced him ho met the stare of tho bluo goggles full in his face. Redwood was profoundly unhappy, hut lie was young, and was not yet boybiid. a smile for ariyr thing which looked ludicrous or! comical. , The bunched up old : figure was almost farcical' in nspcot, and more . than onco when his back was turned upon him, Redwood's features creased iuto a smilo. . , . ; Tho timo wont on and the strarigor's'ccaseless inspection grew embarrassing. . "When ho had. endured it for i! full, hour, Redwood ;drew up brusquely before him arid returned liis look. Tlio man's eyes, dimly soon behind , tho darken iugglass, met liis, unwiukingaud unwavering, hut the shaky. hands were clasped togothor, and the figure sank hack as if iii Tcar of him. Redwood resumed bis promenado, hopeful that tho wordless hint. he. had givon would he accepted, but' tho iinrolaxing watcli contiuuod as before. ... " ; He marched for. a further quarter . of: an hour inn growing irritation, and pausing a second time beforo liis watcher, accosted him., ! . "Havo you any doubt," ho asked, "as to my identity?" ,- "... . . .. : Tlio mancrouokod bofore him iu aniobvious terror. . " His face, palo enough already, grew paler still j liis lips fumbled for a word, , aud his fea tures twitched spasmodically-. Redwood stared at him in astonishment, not unmixed with that kind of shrinking fear with same people always experience in tlio contemplation of an intollcot unbalanced. " I know you," said the man at last, in a horror Btrickcn moan ; "I know you." , Redwood had bcon on the edgo of moving away when these words wore spoken. "Aroyou surn of that?" ho askcil, with a touoli of pity and repugnance.. He had quite made up his mind by this timo that the man's mind wns deranged. His wliolo aspect and manner favored that conclusion. "Sure," groaned Hetheridge, in a voice of such mortal agony that Redwood quivered with out knowing wliyj "yes, I am sure." ' 1 Tell me who I am," said Redwood, not un- j kindly. I A quivering spasm passed over Hcthcridgo's face, and again his lips fumbled for an answer. " Toll mo who I am," Redwood repeated slowly and distinctly, in tlio tono one uses to a foreigner or n child when seoking to convey something not easily understood. To his intense rimazument, tho twitching lips pronounoed his name in a husky monn only just audible. " Goorgo Redwood." (to be continued.) 