Some Dental Remini scences. m ? 4 I havo boon dabbling a little in dontistry for the past few days, and aa far aa I have gone I oan't Bay that I hanker after it as a means of rest and relnxation. I had mil oh rather ait in a barber's chair, and havo him pour bay rum down my ncok and nsk me if I didn't want a sea foam or a sculp eradicator. As unpleasant and annoying to tbo aeneftiva soul as that is. it is a Bethoven svmnhonv alongaido of a rest in a dentist's ohair. It almost makes a man wish ho had been born without tootb, wbon he comes to having them fillod. I mentioned this littlo ben mot to my dentist but he only grunted and told me not to spit on tho oarpet. Tbcro is something ao disoonraging to conversation in tbo regular cpurse of dentistry that one hates to bave the lifa knooked out of a littlo pleasantry by a meroinary minded tooth dootor. A man oan think of a good many thinga whilo a man's fist and a set of boring apparatus ia operating inside hia jiws, but he oan Boarcely find words to give his thoughts ex pression. Then when the merry ripple of peraiflnge flows forth with the saliva at some intermission of tho tragedy, he hates to have it received as oooly as civil service nppliontion for office. This makes the last of tho Maoboth fillings that I bave had ro-plaffed. There were six of thorn at firBt, twelve yeara ago ; all put in by the same mautor hand. Ona bv ona thnv tmrlfil frnm mo Hnmn of them willingly, yon gladly, in company with a pieoe of molnnaea oandy, othera broken off Abruptly in tbe full tide of their strength and ue&fulnesa; by a stray bit of oyster shell. I had a girl onoa who loosened a large front filling wich one of her warm, volnptioua kisses that drow'like a muBtard. plaster or a new picoa of suction hose. Thia last ono I ahookout of a teeth- chattering oon test wbero somo ona was telling ghost stories in the dark. Hecooforth Maobetb. nnd I will ba aa though nothing bad ever passed between na. I earry do more of hia bi sulphate of aino around with me and I am glad of It. My first dental experienoe happened in the early part of my odreor, but 1 never think of it without a rocoil oi horror, whatever that is. Tbo dentist, whceo toolh-jerltinfr emporium &nd; jwi-dialonutinR p.irlora I patronised, went by the namoof M&obcth.; He looked liko a man who would stoop to csurdar, if tho mnn wf-8 omnller than he or he had him down. I did not patronise him from ohoioo but from policy. Ho run a half square adv. in (ho papsr on whioh I then workod, and one n:ornir-c;whr-n I oomplnined of a tootbaabo, the editor suggested that I Bhould go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept a small ahowoase full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to hia biousped baisaar, and the dootor who did bueineason the floor above, also had a small, but ohoioo oolleotion of ariatooratio-oorna on tho other aido of the fltniroaec. Tho f fleet, as we artiata Bay, was harmonious but startling. Pereona would atop aa they went by to look at tho ahowonseB, juat aa they do in front of a photographer's diaplay, end point out Major Taylor's three-pronged molar or Mrs. Judge Tuley's troublesome hard corn. When I went to Mr. Maobeth, I told him that a toothaohe waa tronbling mo, and that I had a large, important looking triauspid that I would like to add to hia oollootion. Ho aaid that he didn't usually put any but tho teeth of actrossea and professional men in his display, but that bo might maka an exooption in my oaoo, if I would give him a ten-line looul in next weok'a paper. I promised the local, and a good poaition at top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the eamo in hia onBO. That waa whon 1 was young and proud. Now, I have my teoth pulled, not nooossarily for exhibition. Then I took a aeat, opened ray month and waited, while Maobeth made his explorations. When he returned from tbo interior, ho aaid there was no need of pnllinrr the tooth nt all. That it ought to be filled. \\\w ulsaannounoed with gladsome Kurokanesu, lint bo had dia ooverod five other large, underground oavities that ought to be stopped up, . In my gullolosa inuoocnos I told him to go ahead with the oontraot. Then he jabbed a stiok of wood into my month to hold it open, whilo ho rummaged around among the assortment of rajpa bo kopt on file. lUjeoting some of the IetB deadly Jnntrn. raentn, ha eolootod hia favorite weapon and placed himself in an oflennivo attitude. Ho placed hia loft hand uorosa tho bridgo of my nose to steady bimsolf, and hia hand waB aa cold and olammy as the touoh of a doar do parted friend. I tried to remonstrate with him, but he bad already begun operations, and I oould only think up things that I would say when I got loose. After staking out hia olalm, he began to bore for quartz. Every onoo in a while hia girolot, would slip and jab a hole in my jaw. Thon ho would twiat it out, braeo his foaS raoro firmly against tho woodwork, and jnb'a-way again. So ho wont on, tapping a vain hero, striking paying dirt there, and running into a. blind lead aomo plaoe- else, till. n)l- sis of tho oavitios wero filled. Mr. Maob'dth'a trooth waa nearly as strong as his arm, and canio noar taking tho plaoo of'ohlorofffrm. Hia hands also load mo to beliove that bo hnd had turkey bash for broakfant, and had been doalt tho nook. But I didnot complain. When man baa hia month full of Binall orobara and nail punches, ho la foolish to utter a word of complaint ivbout anything. When I got-a ohanoo to got up and bant an honorabldrofcrua.t, I did ao. I think Mao ^hrnuBthave taken mo lor the late Mr. McDuff, Tub demand for ita leather has broujjhk tliu kangaroo Jn'to imminent danger of ex }? notion, and niORSurei) ar« in contemplation fur MbUiatinE the sisuabter of the unimal. Ethel : '? WbnTdo you think of Joblota' or.8nRemont to Miss SonrBt' Jaok : ' Ho might do worso.' IStlitl; -? He will— ho is going to many 'Why, Cajper, thia iBn't a bit tbo kind of a houso I Bupposod you would build.' , ' No, I'm rather surprised myself, but tbo IIFHBfllllllllilli't^'l''i'i-!'-UJ'L':'' ' i I nit mi ? iiffii 