THE PURSUIT OF THE WELL BELOVED. A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT BY THOMAS HARDY. Author of "Tess, of the D'Urbervilles,'' "Wessex Tales," "The Woodlanders," &c.;, &c.; Copyright. PART FIRST. — A Young Man of Twenty. CHAPTER I.— Relics. Once—and that not long ago—there was a young sculptor who . had not quite made a great same ; and pending that event he lived on a gy .11 income allowed him by his father, an inartistic man of bade and eommeros.merely. The sculptor was not engaged "in his art on Mip narftftnlar TrndnSfbi in ratMMT fi&ISOZl; Tt-hen, Hiving p&eked; np sneH lnggige ts He mirnt. require for & sojourn in ibe ©one try, He sa.t down in his temporary rooms in a London to destxnr s tn&ss; of pspers tbsi He did not tdsh to carry vrith Hiznsnd objected to leave behind. ' Among them trere Mrerel pscktts of lore loiters, in sundry Handfi. .... He Tooh the first bundle, laid ii in ibe grate, lit a' under it and sr&ited.; The bundle of hirl» dose lying note sheets swnld noi born. He cnt the sizing, loosencd ihe letters end iindlad anoiHer match. The fiaxnet iUmainat-ed ibe h&ndsrziiang;, vrhlch snSdenilj recalled to His Hsovrledge Her from vHom thai batch Had eome, and enabled Hhn to read tender voids and fragments of seaiesoss addressed to Him in His teens by ihs vriter. Many of the eenia meets, He vas ashamed to think, He had availed himself of in some attempts at lyric verse, as Hating in them thai living fire vhich no Incnbraiaca can reach. Tbe edges of some of the sheets began to be brovaed bythefiame; bet they vonld noi in ibis cold gzaie light up and consume as be had expected. By this time be Had tgnnio experiencs a sentimental feeling for tbe letters, though, till the present evening, He bad not c&os; thought of them for a tvrelremontH. He bad no longer heart ao bum them. That packed at least, be would preserve for the writer's sake, notwith standing that tbe jeison of the writer, wbere- tTer the might be, was now but- as an empty shell which bad once contained his ideal for a tranrient time. He drew tbe letters from tbe grate, shook them clean, and laid them aside. The next package was in a oontiasiang hand— thick and rotn&d;, generated by a scratching qrilL A school girl she : be bad never much cared for Her ; and Her eficaons were encere momcmsiy tnmtaea is. The young man repeated tbe match lighting process, stirring the letters with the poker. Some fiamed, but the majority remained clean and legible as when written. Her Handwriting Had been so large and inky that she spread over a muhatnde of sheets a very small quantity of thought and affection ; and the bundle, made np of only a short correspondence, was enormous. There was no destroying it in a hurry, unless a' 5 err furnace into which to thrust it could Have been improvised. Suddenly there arose a HrJe finale is the dull dicker; something other than paper was burn ing. It was Hair— her hair. Good heavens 1" said the budding sculptor : to himself. " How e&nT; be such a brute." l am burning her — part of Her form ; many of whose curves as remembered by as 2 Have worked into stataeites and tried to sdL I cannot do it, at say rate to-night. All that remained of the bundle — by far the greater' parr — he Hastily withdrew from the grate, shook the feathery black scales of paper ash from the pages, refasteaed them and put thezh back for praerratios also. He looked at tbe other packages. One signed in round hand, one in long hand, one in square rnt>i cme in pointed hand crippled and pouched. She Had been murh older than He. Tb«y all showed afiecrion which once bed lived, ihosb now it was past and gone. 2\o, he oosld not bum them Here and alone. What could he do with iheal He would take then with him, - and reconsider their i existence. But all his luggage was packed;' zn his portmanteaus and hand baggage not a : square inch of room remained. At last- he took : Ms summer overooat, which he o&rainly; would ' not require to use riB wet weather recommenced, - rolled ft hastily round the lump; of undying: affection, strapj»ed the whole eccspaotfy to- : gether, and, Singing rt down bde his pan- : ! mantetus, went to bed. ! j chpeeb ZL— A Sn?:biracw Pseseft- i " " of Hsia j About 2 okdosk the next day he was ascend- : inc the steep roadway which led from the Tillage ; oTSlppewaj- « -eli to the mnnnnt of lbs rocky : peninsula, called an island, that juts out like the head of a fiazsingoinxo the Bngliah Channel, and if ©omeeted with the mainland of "Wobscx by a lemr, thm beach of pebbles, rejiresentsng the neck of the bird. He recoil erred that it was two year and right month 1 rinee he had paid his last- vitit to His father .at thds his rnrih . rdaoe, the interremnc time having besa spent amid many ©onteasting- at home and abroad. "What had seemed I pfc.vmn3 is the trie when he left it now looked I quaint odd uamd these later sopresaoxis. 1 The houses above houses, one man's dour- ; step. behind His neighbor's eddmney the' gardens hung up by one edge to the «hy ;"the urniy of the whole island as a solid, and risgle block of stone 4 miles long, were no | longer and cnrnmasplBos ideas. All1 now stood -canhng clean and widte agsdnst the bhie sat, tbe sen fi&shinc; on the stratified j facades of rock— . . The mslEncbtiy < Of CEBKOJed eyries. ... Prouipoos shapes : Huddled in grey asmbfianon. Affw a laborious dumber he reached the hop, 1 and walked slang the plateau towards Easr Wake. The road was glaring and «duniy, as- always, and drawing near to his lather's house 1 he ya down in the son. 1 He strstebed out his hmfi upon the roi He- It- felt warm- That was the iakndii psrscmalteiiqieratare. He Sstened and heard: snnnds, zuck-aank-mck, saw-faw- eaw. Those were the iriand5! vrioe ; the muKS'Of the onarry- 2nen and stone sawycts . I Gpposte to the sqioton which he sat was a ) roomy cottage or homestead. LTge tbe island if ; w&s; all of stone ; noi- -only in walls, but m ; window iraina, rtni'-cinmneys, fence, stile, pngj sties and stde; almost 36ns; , ' 1 He remembered who had. used to 2rre ihere— xnd hrchihiljHved there now; the Carofaimlyl — the roan mere Garnsasthey were called, to distingmsh them from oiher hr&nthea; of the same £an3y, there bring but half a SceenChras- r-pd Bumsmes in the whole ialand. -He . nrrop" the road, and looked in at the ojan noo> i way. Tea. There they, were stiH tin Cam, who had seen -him from the win- ; oow, met rr> in the entaj, and there an old fasiaimeS rreeting took raoe. A mmnent aftrt a dear leading from the back roorcB was thrown open, and a young girl of about 17 or 18 eatno bounding in. . ' "Why, 'tis dear Joee he burst out joy fully. And running up to Him she seised his Hand and kissed Him before He was aware of Her intention. Tbe demonstration was sweet enough from tbe owner of such an affectionate pair of bright >i»-y) eyes, and bright tresses of Hair. But it was so sudden, so unexpected, that he winced for a moment, quite involuntarily &Edtiiere; was some constraint in the manner in which be returned Her kiss and said, " My pretty little Arice, How do you do after 0. long For a few ber impulsive innocence His start of surprise; but Mrs. Cam, the girl's mother, Had observed it instantly. With a pained face she "turned to her daughter severely: "Atiee— my dear Arice ! Why— what are you doing? Don't you know that you re grown cp to be a woman since Joce.yn— Mr. Fearston —was last down Here ? Of ooutbs you mustn t do now as yoa used to do three or four years The awkwardness which had arisen was hardly retaoTed by Pearstcm's assurance that he quite expected ber. to up the practice of her childhood, followed by several minutes of con versation on general subjects. He was vexed, from eoal unaware movement should no Havebe£rayed Hind. At His leaving here- _pssted if Arice recarded Him other- than as she used to do, be would never forgive her ; .but though they parted good friends her regret at the incident was risible is her face. Jocelyn passed out -into the road and onward- to his bouse Hard by The mother . and daughter were left alone. m " I was quite astonitiicd at ee, my child . exclaimed the elder. " A young man from Xxm- don and tbe Continent, used now to the strictest company manners, and ladies who a'most think it vulgar to grnTio broad! How could ye do it, Arice f 11 1— I didn't t'ninV about how I was altered, said the oonstaence-strieken girl. 41 1 used to Vice bins be used to trtc me before be went away." But that was years ago, my dear V 14 O yes, and for the moment I forgot ! He seemed just the same to xse as He used to be." \- ""Well, it canH be helped now. You must be careful in the future. Meanwh2e «Tooe3yn Pearrton Had gone onward to his father's; but the latter, baring received no wanting of His son's intended visit, was not &t-; home to receive. Him. Jooriyn looked round the familiar premises, glanced across tbe way at the great yard within which eternal saws were going to and fro upon eternal Hocks of stone— the very same saws and the very same blocks that he Had seen there when last in the island, so it seemed to him — snd then passed through the dwelling into the back garden like all the gaidens in the isle it was sur rounded by a wall of cry jointed spawls, and at its further extremity it ran out into a corner hud no sooner reached ik is spot than he became aware of a murmuring and sobbing on the other tide of the walL The voice he recognised in a moment as Arice's, and she seemed to be confiding Her trouble to some young friend of her own sex. 44 O what shall Ida "What stuiil I do !" she was ssyxagbctteriy. 4 So ©bid as it was— soshameless— How oould I'ihink of such a thing ! He will never forgive xse — never. Kerer like me again. Hell think me a 'forward hussy; and yet — and yet I quiie forgot Lov_ much 2 Had grown. But that Hell never beHeva.'1 Tbe accents were those of one who had for the first time be come oshsekms of Her womanhood as an unwonted possession which shamed and fright ened Her. "Did He s&em; angry inquired the friend. - O, no— not angry: "Worse. Cold and Haughty. O, He's such a fashionable person now — not at all as itiaTtd man. But there's no use in of h. I wish I was dead !" Pearston retreated as quickly as he could. The incident which had brought such pain to this innocent soul was now beginning to be a source of oanrideraHe pleasure to Him. He returned to tbe bouse, and when His father Had ooxne hark and they Had shared a meal together, jocelyn again went out, full of an earnest desire to soothe bii young ntigLbof 's grief in a way xhe little expected; though to tell the truth his affection for Her was rather that of a friend than of a lover, and he felt by no means sure that the migrates? eSutire idealisation he called his Love was going to take up Her tbode'in the body of Aries Gaze. Chattes HL — The IyciSXATSOK is Assumed td se a pete Osx. Ii was difficult to meet her again, even though on this lump ox rock ; the difficulty lay as a rule rather in avcodance than in encountering. But Avioe had been transformed into a very different kind ©f young woman by the sfelf-oonstiousness engendered of Her impulare gretting, and not withstanding ifarir jtrxiiiiczin he could ' not meet her, try as he wocli Ko sooner did he : appear an inch beyond his fathers door than she 1 was to earth like a fax — that is she bolted upstair! to hes- 2 00m. Antions to soothe her after his recent slight, he could not stand these evasions long. The ! manners ©f the hie were primitive and straight forward, even amongEttheweli-t-o-do,and noting her disappearance one day be followed her into the house and onward to the foot of the stairs. 4 Arice !" He ©idled. . "Yes, Ms. Pw-rrton." 4 Why do yon rcn -Epsiah s like that ? "O — nnly i»euause 2 wanted to cone up for something.' "Wo2, if you've got it can't yoa come down again? ""No, I cant very weH" 41 Come, deer Arice. ThEt'swhat you are, you know. There was no response Well, if you wont, you wont T he con tinued. 4I dcm\ want to bother vou. And Pearstan went away. . He had hardly left the door when Mrs. Cfiro'i servant ram out to ask him ii he had left his coat behind Han when he called on the day of his antral. They had found it in the house, and Hik3 ziot beta eure whose it was. "'G, yea, it u said itortirn, hastily, 44 1 forgot it The great ©oat was crapped up round the Sestem just as h» had arranged it ; but he won- Bered as He walked on whether Mra Caro or Arice had looked anride at a means cf id en tic ca tion. Determ'miTig to rtai as f enher risks he set about -destrcjing the Isttert totre ind then. To burn Sieinin a grate' was tn endless rtV. He went into ihegaraiai, threw them down, made a ' loose hcBpcf a porticn, and put a y teh to' the 1 windy sio& By the nf a jutehf oak to stir them about He was iehly successM, ' though as soon as' he ©eased ihey ©eased to burn. He was deeply ©ooujned an the business of feedbg the fire from the nip riming heap whenhe heard a Toict behind him. . ; . "Mi. Pesasiun — I wasn't angry with you just now. TTban you were gone I thought— yon sxnght mistake me, and I fth 2 could do no less than some and assure you of my friendship Turning, he eaw the blushing form of Avice immediately behind him. 11 You are a good, dear girl ! said he, impul sively, as be threw down the pitchfork, and, seizing her band. Bet upon ber cheek the kiss that should have been the response to her on the day of his comiog. 44 Darling Avice 1" he said. 44 Forgive me for the slight that day ! Say you do. Come, now !" She blushed, looked rather than spoke ber forgiveness, and shrank away, sitting down a poo a squared stone, around which the unbnrnt sheetB of paper were strewn. With some em- barraasmect at her pieRCDce he withdrew another handful from the collection and threw it on the flames; 14 What are you burning?" shoasked. ; - 44 Ob, only somo paper 2 hadn't time to destroy before 2 left town ; and whiclr 2 forgot till to-day that 2 had brought with me. - 14 Ah, that was the parcel you left at our house, perhaps ?" - ' - . 'i 44 Yes." She scanned more closely tbe packets scatter! round her. " They are letters, in different hand writings." "Yes." . . " 0 Joes — Mr. Pearston— they are in women's hands tbey aro love letters !" . He did not answer for a moment, during whiob interval & sndden eadnese overspread -her face, 'which bad just before bluehed so signi cantly. -Under, bis eareBS. . She bent her bead and covered her eyes with her bands. "I see-r, I see now !" she whispered. " I am — only one— in a long, long row !" . , From the white sheets of paper round about her seemed to rise the ghosts of Isabella, Florence, "Winifred, Lucy, Jane and Evangolino — each writer from her own bundle respectively — and Maud and Dorothea from the flames. Ho hardly knew what to say to the now personality in the presence of the old. Then a sudden sense of what a good and sincero girl Avico wae over powered the spectres, and rushing up to her and kneeling down upon tho letters ho exclaimed, " Avice, dear Avice— I say to you what I have never eaid to one of them, or to any other woman, living or dead : "Will you havo me as your husband?" "Ah— I am only oneof many " You aro not, dear. You knew mo when I was young, and they didn't— at least not many of them. Still what does it matter ? We must gain experience." ... , Somehow, or. other her objections were got over, and, though she did not give an immediate assent, she agreed to meet him later in the afternoon ; when she walked with him to the Bouthern point of the island called the Beal, or, by etraogers, the Bill, pausing over the treacherous cavern known as Cave Hole, into which the sea roared and splashed now asit had done when they visited it togetheras children. To steady herself while looking in he offered her his arm, and she took it, for th, firet tiine, as a woman ; for the hundredth time as his old companion. Tbey rambled on to the light houses, where thev would have lineerer longer if Avice had not suddenly remembered that she had to recito poetry from a platform that very evening at Slopeway Well, one of the villages on tbe island— tbe village that had advanced to be almost a town. ' ' P.ecite ! » said he. " Whod have thought anybody or anything could recite down here, except the reciter we hear away there — tbf never silent sea." "Oh — bnt we are quite intellectual now, she said. "In the winter particularly. But, Jocelyn — don't come to the recitation, will you ? It wonld spoil ray performance if you were there ; and I want to be as' good as the rest." " I won't if . you really wish me not to. But I shall meet you at- the door and bring you home." " " Yes !" she said," looking, up into his face ; and they, hastened back ".together. Avice was perfectly happy, now; she could never have be lieved at ih« time of ber .despair on, the day of his coming that she would ever be so happy. AVI en tbey reached tbe east side of the isle they were ootnpelled to part at onoe, that she might be soon enough to take her place on the plat form. Pea.rston went home, and after dark, when be thought it would be about the hour for accompanying ber back, he went along the middle read northward to Slopeway Well. " He was full of misgiving. He had known Avice Caro so well of old that his feeling for her now was rather .one of friendship than- love; and what he had said tocher in a moment of impulse that morning rather appalled him in its consequences. Not that either of the women who had attracted him successfully would he likely, to rise inconveniently between them. For he had quite disabused his mind of the old fashioned assumption that tho idol of a man's fancy was an integral part of the personalty in which ii might be located for a long or a short while. To his intrinsic "Well Beloved he had always been faithful ; but she had had many cmbodi. ravnts. Bach individuality known as Lucy, Jane, Florence, Evangeline, or what not, had been merely, a transient condition of her; . He did not recognise this as an excuse or as a defence, bnt as a fact siihply. Essentially she was perhaps of no tangible substance ; a spiiit, a dream, a frensy, a conception, an aroma, an epitomised sex, a light of the eyes, a parting of the lip. . God only knew what she really was ; Pearston did not. He knew that he loved the Protean creature wherever ho found her, whether with blue eyes, black eyes, or brown ; whether presenting herself ' as tall, fragile or plnmp. " - She was never" in two places at once ; but hitherto she had never, been in one place long. She was indescribable, unless by saying she was a mood of himself.. By making this' dear to himself- sometime before this date, he had escaped a good deal of ugly reproach which he might;otherwiso hare incurred from his own judgment as being the very embodiment of fickleness. It was simply that she who always attracted him and ted him whither she would as by a silken thread had not remained the occupant .of the same fieshly iabernade throughout her career so far. "Whether she would ultimately settle down into one he could not say. Had he felt that she had now taken up her abode in Avice, he would have tried to believo that this was the terminal spot of her migra.. tions, and have been content to abide by his words. But did he love Avice— see the Well Beloved made manifest in Avice at all! The question was somewhat disturbing. He had reached tho brow of the hill, and descended towards Slopeway,- where in the long straight street he soon found tho lighted hall. The performance was not yet over ; and by going_ round to the side of the building and standing on a slope lie could ese the interior as far down as the platform level. Avica's turn, or sccond.tnrn, came on almost immediately. Her pretty embarrassment on facing tlie audience rather won bim.away from his doubts. She was in truth what. is called a .'lnica " girl; pretty cer tainly, but' above all things nice;. one of the class with whom the risks of matrimony approximate most nearly to tiff. Her intelligent eyes, her broad forehead, her thoughtful car riage, ensured oue thing, that of all the girls he had known he had never met one with more charming and solid qualities than Avice Caro'r. This was not a mere conjecture ; ho had known her long and thoroughly, her every mood and . temper. A heavy waggon petting without drowned her small, soft voice for hirn ; but the audience were pleaet-d, and the blushed at their applause. Ho now took hit itation at the door, and when the people had done pouring out he found her within awaiting him. They climbed homeward slowly by the Old- road, Pearston dragging himself np the steep by the iron hand rail, and pulling Avice after him upon his arm. Beaching the top tbey turned and stood still ; to the left of them tbe sky was streaked like a fan with the lighthouse rays, and in Ibeir front, at periods of a quarter of a - minute, there arose a deep hollow stroke like tho single beat of a drum, the intervals being filled with a long drawn rattling as -of bones between huge canine jaws. It was Deadman'a - Bay, rising and falling against tbe pebble bank. The kiss that evening was not on Avice'a Initiative. Her former demoustrativeness seemed to have increased -ber present reserve. How ever, to-day' was tho beginning of a pleasant month passed mainly in each other's society by tbe pair. Ho found that she could not only recite poetry at intellectual gatherings, but play the piano fairly, and sing to her own accompani ment. He observed that evtry. aim of those who had: brought her up had been to mentally get her away as far as possible from ber. natural and in- " dividual life as an Inhabitant of a peculiar isle ; to make lier, an exaot copy of tcne of thousands' of otber people in . whose "cireomstauces " thero was nothing special, distinctive or picturesque;, to tcach ber to forget all the experiences of her ancestors ; to drown the local ballads, by ."song purchased at the Budmouth fashionable musio sellers,- and the local vocabu lary by tho governess, tongue of no country at all. She lived In a bouse that would have been tbe fortune of an. artist, and learnt to draw London suburban villas from printed copies. Avlee had seen all this before he pointed it out, but, with - a girl's tractability, had acquiesced. By constitution she was:loeal to the bone, but she could not escape the tendency of the age. The time for Jocelyn's departure drew near and she looked forward to it sadly, biit serenely, their engagement being now a settled thing, l'caraton thought of the local custom on such occasions, which had prevailed in both his and her family for centuries, both being of the old- stock of the isle. Tbe influx of "" kimberlins," or " foreigners" (as strangers were called), had led in a large measure' to its discontinuance; but underneath the veneer of Avice's; education many an old fashioned idea lay slumbering ; and lie wondered if, in her natural melancholy at his leaving, she expected any snch ceremony as a formal ratification of their betrothal, according to tbe precedent of thoir sires and graodsires. . To scent her views on' the point ho asked ber to meet him in-tbe old Hope Churchyard one eveDingat 7 o'clock. Chapter IV.— The Lonely Pedestrian. . The Hope Cbnrchyard lay in a dell formed by a landslip agca ago, and' the church had long been & ruin. At the hour appointed she descended the rooks and found him waiting at the foot of tbem. ' Tbey wandered, hither and thither in the shades, and "the solemnity of the spot and the absence of daylight assisted him in sounding her mind on_ a subject which could not be approached with levity. . He lound'that, in common with all the islanders bora, she knew of the observance." But it was obvious that, in view of berself as a ' modern young woman, she had never expected it to arise as a practical question between him and her. ' Some of the' working' qnarriers'kept it np, but nobody else, she said. Jocelyn hastened to inform h'er'that""h"e "only wished to consult her desires as to the terms of their engagement, and - not knowing how far she respected the "island's history, felt bound to mention it ; though urge it he did not, : "Well," said' he,"" here we' are, arrived at the fag end of my holiday." "What a pleasant surprise my- old home," which I have thought-" not worth coming to see for more than two years, had in store for me 1" "You must go to-morrow!" she said, un easily.. "Yes. He reflected, and decided ihat in-: stead of leaving in tbe daytime he wonld defer bis departure till ihe night . mail train . from Budmouth. , He had hardly looked into his father's quarries, and this would give him ' timotodo so; and enable her, if she chose, to accompany him a little way. If she wonld . agree, he purposed to send on bis luggage to tho . aforesaid watering place, and ask her io walk ' with him along the beach as" far as to Henry- the-Eighth's Castle above the sands, where they could stay and see the moon rise over the sea. " He wonld see her nearly all the way back; and there wonld be ample time after that for him to . catch the. last train.. "You can reserve your answertill to-morrow," he added. She hesitated. r " I understand you,to mean, . dear Jocelyn," ebe.said, "that my.acebmpany-. ; . ing you to the. casile.would signify- that I con- ' form to the custom of working t hp spell?" . " Well, yes," he answered. "I will think it over to- morrow." and ask . mother if. I ought to,'and decide," said she. " I fear it is heathen and ungodly." . . After spending the next day with his fatherin the quarries Jocelyn prepared to leave, and at the time appointed set out from the stone house of his birth in this stone isle, to walk to Budinonth-regis by the path along the beach, : Avice having some time earlier gone "down . to see some friends at Slopeway- AV< II, which - was half way towards the spot of their proposed ' tryst. - ' Th'e "descent soon brought .him to the pebble bank," and leaving behind him the last- houses of the isle and the ruins of the" village destroyed by the .November gale of 1821, he struck out, along the. narrow thread of land. : When he had walked a hundred yards he stopped, turned aside to the" pebble ridge which . walled out the sea, and sat down to wait for her. . . . , Between him and the lights of the ships rid ing at anchor in the roadstead, two men passed slowly in the direction ho. intended to' pursue. One of them recognised. Jocelyn and bade, bim good night, addingy ' ? . . ' , " Wish you joy, sir, of your choice, and hope tho wedding will De soon !" , "Thank you, Seaborn. Well— we shall sea what Christmas will do towards bringing it about" " My wife opened upon it this mornen : 'Please God, I'll up and see that there wedden; says she, ' knowing 'em , both from their crawl ing days.'" . .. i : The men moved on, and when they.wereout . of Pearston's - hearing, the; pno who had- not . spoken said to his friend :,"Who_ was- that - young kimborlin! '.'He don't seem an islanden , . " Ob, he is though— every inch oen.: -Hes Mr. Joeelyn: Pearston, tho stono merchants, only son up at East Wake. . He's to .be married to a stylish young body, whoso mother, a widow, carries on ihe same business as well , as she can , . but their trade is not a twentieth part of Pear- ston's. He's worth thousands and thousands they say, though . 'a do live on in the same wold way up in the same wold home. His son is do- . ing great things in London as a image earyer , and I can mind when, as a boy, a first took _to . carving soldiers out o' bits o' stone from the sol bed of his father's quarries ; and then a made o set of .'o stonen ohess men, and so 'a got on. He's quite tho gout in Loudon, thoy tell mo ; and tho wonder ie that 'a cared to como back horo and piolt. up little Avico Caro—nioo maid as sho is, notwithstanding. . . . Hullo ; there's to be a ohango In tho weathor soon." MeanWliilo tho subject of their remarks waited at the appointed plnoo till 7 o'oloolr, tho hour named between himself and his aflianoed, had struck. Almost at tho momont ho saw a liguro coming forward from tho last lamp at tho bot tom of tho hill. Sho meant, then, to conform to the oustom. But tho figuro speedily resolved Itself into that of a boy, who, advnnolng to Jooelyn, inquired if he wore Mr. Paarston, and handed him a note. (to be continued. ) 