BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL A Novel by DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author op Joseph's Coat, Aunt haoffutr. Rainbow Gold, &a;, &a;, fa. All Rights Reserved. . Chapter XV. Sir Eastaco sat at his breakfast table sore perplexed, anil Mrs. Weybridgo watched him with an eye of roguuh amusement. The cause of annoyauco was an epistle in the French lan guage written in a handwriting so eccentrio as to bo almost illegible. Sir Eustace's knowledgo of tho tongue his correspondent employed was but vjiguicuwiijr, uiiu a iar oetter rronca scnolar tuou he might easily have found tho scrawl oppressive. | For pity's sake, Julia, do see if you can make head or tail of this," ho exclaimed at last, pushing tho letter across tho table. " What is it ?" asked his sister. ''It's from De Roude Lereonx. Confound him!' tho baronet answered. "The beggar knows my French isn't good for muoh. He can write just as good English as I can when ho has a miud, and ho sends roe this abominable sorawl ; to pay mo out, I suppose, for having given him tho trouble to write it." " Monsieur lo Viconto ?" said the lady. " A very eharming man, and quite capable, I'm sure, of writing a very charming lettor." "Oh, I ilaro say," Sir Eustace admitted, tho letter's charming enough if ono oould only read it" "Lot me try," said his sister. She pored over the letter for a moment, and then looked up with a little spirit of laughter. " Eustace, " sho said, "you have been airing your Frenoh." - " Airing my Frenoh ?" he demandod, with an aspect half hangdog, half defiant " What do you mean by that?' . " You know perfectly well what I mean," his sister retorted. 11 You have been writing .to Monsieur le Vioonte in his native language. " Does he say so," inquired Sir Eustace. - "Ob, dear no," tho lady answered. "He doesn't say so, but the letter - does. It is written in a most admirable copy of your own style. The pastiche is excellent Listen." She read aloud, stopping to laugh from time to time. "Jo viens d'avoir reu une lottre do vouh, mon oher camarade, et je m'empresso de vous repondre J'ai dans mon ceil un homme qui est le vrai homme pour vous. Je vous 1'envorrez de suite. C'eat un homme tr&s; sobre, trts dis- cret tr&s; honndte, . ot bien experiments. II a 4td dans mon service pour six ans. Son age est quarante quatre, ses youx sont gris, aa moustache est gris&tre;, mala il ne so griso jamais." \- "I can mako all that out, " said Sir Eustace, "except tho last sentence. What have his eyes and his moustache to do with it?" „ V Thoy servo to herald a bad joko," the lady responded, " which is tho only flaw in tho whole production." " Is that tho lot of ib !" Sir Eustace asked., "That is all, exoept tho customary Ftench flourish at the end in whioh you aie besought to boliovo that Monsieur le Vioonte tenders you his most high consideration." " Woll,"demandedherbrother, "what is there to laugh at?" "Nothing whatever if you ohoose to be grave ' about it. Rut who! is the man ho is sending?" " Ob," returned Sir Eustace, " I'm not satis- : fled with Lawrence's . management of tho vineries. I had sot my hoarb on tho first prize at the-country :show, and that confounded young parvenu of a Rogers has beaton me hollow, 'so I wrote to Lerooux asking him to re- commmend me a first rate man." Well, Eustace, you havoauexcollentvinory, and- the Viconte may send you au excollont man, but wo shall always boat you at Weil- sted." - , " Wellsfced !' cried her brothor, with a jovial soorn, ". Wcllatod ! Why, I'd beat Wellsted if I had nobody but myself to depend on. You oan grow a decent Black Hamburg, but evea thoro I beat you. And where'a your — " " Don't bo quite so overwhelming, Eustace. I challenge you now. Moot us at Colohoster, and wo will meot you at Worcester. 0!f our own ground wo can't oompcte for prizes, but wo oan ask for judgment." "Done !" cried her brother. That's a bargain. Gome in. Well, what is it ?" A servant entered, and stood for a momont with a hand upon the door. " There's a person to aeo you, Sir Eustace. He seems to be in eharge." " Officer with him ? "Yes, SirEuataco." " Send him into tho library. Somo justioo business, I suppose, though it's absurdly early for it. I'll see to it at onoe if you'll excuse me, Julia." His sister assenting, he walked across the ball and into the library, where an offioer, with that stolid air of impassivity whioh seems insoparablo from tho British policeman on duty, Baluted him. "What is your busiuoss?" the baronet inquired. "This individual," began the offioer, indicat ing his ohaigc. " I decline to be nominated as an Individual," thoohargo broke in in foreign soundingbutfluent English. " I am a person of rospectablo antece dents and position." He was a man under tho middle height, with a huge grey moustache and a face the oolor of a Normandy pippin. Ho acoompanied his descrip tion of himself with vivid gestures, and looked as if, for ono roason or another, his temper had passed the boiiing point. "What is tho business?" Sir Eustace asked again. "This individual," the policeman began onoe more. "Permit mo to explain," said the little man, very pale beneath his brown, and bis eyes spark ling with oxoitement. " Have I the honor to address Sir Euataco Wynoomb?" "That is ray name." "Then," pursuod the little man, with an astonishing volubility of tone,' "I have tho furthor honor to present to Sir Eustaco Wyn- comb letters of recommendationand introduction from my honored friend and patron tho Viconto de Rondo Lereoux. Sir Eustaco Wyn oomb 'will observe " — be pressed an open lettor iuto tho baronet's hand — "that my name is, Andrd Dom ; that I am full of exporienoo in the matter in whioh Sir EiiBtace desires assistance ; that my terms aro 400 f. per month, with maintenance; and that, if terms should be conoludod, I am willing at once to entor on my duties." AU this tho rapid, Frenoh toned voice de livered with a wrathful emphasis, which seemed to bo directod towards tho stolidly im- E&ssive; officer, who was just as much impressed y it as a dead tree might hnve been. After the montion of tho name Andrd Dom, the baronet heard not a word. Ho saw at once what had happened. The name of this fiery little Frenchman had got him into mischief. " Officer," he said, " where do yon oome from?" : "Dover, sir." "You knew that a certain Andr<5 Dom was charged with the wilful murder of Goorge Red wood ?" "Yes, sir." " And you arrested this gentleman, or he was arrested, on account of tho identity of name?" "Just so, sir." Well, I Buppose you'U take my word for it, that this is not the man or anything like him.' Wait a moment." Ho opened and read the letter tho indignant new comor had forced upon him. It camo from his friend the Vioonte, and was oouohed in English, a trifle too sevorely academic to havo been written by anybody cx- cept a foreignor or a country schoolmaster. It recommonded the bearer in the highest terms. "You have made a mistake," said Sir Eustace, addressing himself to tho constable. "This gentleman comes to me recommended by a French nobleman, an intimate friend of mine What on earth," ho asked, " made even tho police suppose that a man who had committed a murder hero would be carrying about a letter of Introduction to me?" "The inspeotor thought," aaid tho policoman, " that ho might carry the letter to ovado suspi cion." "And go about," paid Sir Eustaoo, "under his own name for the samo purpose ! I presume you have some Bort of business somewhere. You may see to it." The officer withdrew, surrendering his prey with a reluctant eye. "Well, Monsieur Dom," snid Sir Eustace, when they wore alone. " My friend speaks very highly of your capacity, and if your termB are as satisfactory as your testimonials I shall be happy to secure your services." Monsiour Dom repeated tho Btatement of his torrns, and Sir Eustace oloscd with him. "You'd like to seethe vineries at once, I dare say, and Dom assenting, Sir Eustace summoned his sister, nnd the three set out together, the baronet on the way relating the curious advon ture by which Dora's arrival had been mnrkod. Is yours a common name ?" he asked. "it is not uncommon," the Frcnohro&n; responded. " I have met many who bear it, though never with my own prcnom." " You may find the name a littlo unpopular at first," his employer said laughingly, "but you majr live that down." ; "I will try to hope so, Sir Eustace," the little man answered. They camo to the vineries, a trio of en thusiasts, and the new arrival left them in no doubt as to his theoretical acquaintance with bis duties. He continued to please both Sir Eustace and his sister, and after an hour's talk was formally installed. The vineries were extensive, and ib was evident to the export's accustomed eye that they had not only been mismanaged but neglected. He found his hands full for two or three weeks, and during that time saw next to nothing of his nowonvironment. When tho firRt rush of work was over, however, he found timo ho make himself acquainted with the village and its inhabitants, and sinco he turned out to be of a singularly jovial, sunny and friendly disposition he found himself in a very little timo in agreeable relations with tho best people of tho place. He fouud that tho staple of the village conversation was even now supplied by the de tails of tho mysterious murder of George Red wood, and by the unexpected and astonishing return of one John Hetheridge, who had been supposed long ago to havo perished in tho Australian bush. Now it happened tbat Monsieur Dom bad beon acquainted with a person of tbat name who to bis own belief bad come to an end in a liko manner, and be ex perienced a natural interest in the man long be fore he saw him. Ho made close inquiries about John Hethcridgo's aspect, and the answers he had received confirmed his first bolief. The ignoranco of the villagers with re speot to the looaliby in which Hetheridge had been lost was complete. Not ono of them could tell him so muoh as tho name of the colony, but tho namo and the date both coincided, and he was pretty sure that the returned John Hetheridge oould be nono other than his old employer. He was passing one day in front of Mrs. Red wood's house of mourning, and paused to look at the operations nt that instant going on there. The garden was littered with articles of furniture bound in Btraw. A hugo furniture van stood before the gate, and two men were stagger iug along the path bearing a high cottage piano between them. It was evident that Mrs. Red wood was on tho move, and making that departure from tho sceno of her life's tragedy which be knew from, common gossip she had had In contemplation these two months past. The fact that a man bearing bis own name had been tho author of the tragedy gave an interest to it whioh it would not otherwise have possessed for him, and he.wa« speculating as to who this mysterious undiscovcraulo namesake of his might have been, when a horso's foot fall on the frost bardoned road reoohed his car and he turned round to faoe John Hetheridge. "Aha," ho cried, running forward to meet him. " I had learned that you wero not dead after all. It is a strange clianoe that throws us together again. You will allow me, Mr. Hether idge, to congratulate you upon your oscape." At the sound of his first greeting, Hetheridge started violently in his saddle, stared with dilat ing eyes and then changed color. He recovered himself in a momont, and leaning over the horse's neok stretched out a hand, which the Frenchman grasped warmly. "How aro you, Mr. Dom?" ho asked. " When I Baw you firat I took you for a ghost. I suppose," he added, with a clumsy laugh, "you noticed how you startled mo at first. The truth is that ever sinco that adventuro in tho bush and the long illness that came after it I've been as nervous as a cat." "No wonder," said Monsieur Dom, sym pathetically, "I am mysolf experienced. I should know. I was bushed for three days. Thero is nothing more horrible. Ab, my dear sir, I know, I know." Hetheridge dismounted and tothered his horso to the railings. " I have business here," ho said, "and I must go in for a little timo, but I mustn't forget to ask what brings you here ?" "I," returned Dom, am the oraployd of Sir Eustaoo Wyucomb. I have caro of his vinery. It is ploasnnt. It will not bo hnrd work. I shall grow a grape, tbo fiuest in the world. I could mako from it a wine which tho Count of Monta Cristo could not afford to drink. It would cost him £50. It is you English for spending money on your elegant luxuries Eh ?" "Yes, I suppose so," Baid Hetheridge ""VWU meet again; I'm stopping at tho Black Bull. If you caro to look in there in an hour's time you'll fiud me." lie had no liking or affection for tho roan. Save for himself and Ellicc Redwood, he had no liking or affeetion for anybody. Tho sudden appearance of the man whose namo ho bad a'uopted filled his mind with crawling and in sinuating fears. Tho undotcoted criminal ;ia always a terror to himself. He starts at shadows and bccs in every bush an officer. Tho phantom hand hovers above his shoulder whether ho sleep or wake, and at any second, to hie fancy, tho phantom , may grow into sudden flesh and bone, and fall with the inexorable fiatof;the law. Unspoken words haunt tho eaves of expectation. "You aro my prisoner." The words wait always on tho threshold- of the tar :Thoy tingle in overy pulse ; -The wide 'air holds -them., meshed in.. silence; and they are always ready to escape. Hetheridgo had begun to learn already that a murderer's bitterest penalty is to go soot free. The>; mere denunciation, trial and hang ing of the common villain would have been mercy compared to tho fate which bis own devilish astuteness had.adjudged him. He had no liking or affection for the man and yet he must needs meet him and be friendly with him, if only out of superstition.. Ho had stolen his name— tho name of tho first French man with whom ho hod over been on anything like familiar terms, and here, as if by a miracle, was - tho legitimate bearer of it carrying in his very presence an unconscious challenge and reproach. . Monsieur Dom dropped in at tho Elaok Bull, the flavor of whose oxcellent onpof cognac he was already acquainted with, and there awaited Hetberidge's arrival. The landlord of the Bull was -always ready for a chat, and Doro, after tho manner of liis nation, was inolined to bo loquacious about things which were of no special moment, though — still liko his natiou— he could bo accretive enough when ho cIiobc. 11 1 havo met your Mecstare Hetheridge," said Dom "Ho is, as I guessed he would be, the gentleman I knew. It was to mo he spoke his last word beforo riding away to got lost in the bush. Life is a ourioua thing that brings us two again together after so long timo and so far away." "Yes," tho landlord assented. "It's a bit queer altogether, Mr. Dom. It's a very odd thing that two Frenchmen bearing tho samo name should come into a little plaoo liko this. One right on top of another. I wonder where that bloodthirsty old party is. Yon never saw anybody as looked less likely to oommit a mur der. A mild spoken, quiot mannered, queer old chap as ever you'd wish, to see. Bent donblo he was, too, pretty nigh, with his old fists a quavering on his walkm stick. He looked as if he oonldn't a hurt a ohild, even if he'd a wanted to. . Couldn't hardly speak a word of English.' —There was 'ardly anybody, bbvo Mr. Redwood, as. could understand him wheu he talked.; I suppose tho thiug will stop ft mystery now since it's gone bo far. But tho thing os'U alias puzzle rae is what tho old boy done it for. The two was always friendly in a sort o' way. There was no notion about robbery. Boor. Mr. Bed wood's watch and chain, and his pooket book, with £35 in it, in Bank of Eng land notes, and the money in his pooketa — why, they was all there to a 0£d." Monsieur Dom sipped his cognac and pulled xciiectivoly at his pipe of sweet caporal. ; "Yes," ho said. " It is strango. . It is very strange." .. . He had: fallon into an odd mood, and bo sat with a ourious expectation, a sense he oould not have defined, though it had been to save his life,.; It wm as if a man should ait in a twilight chamber, with almost a surety, that by-and-bye a door would opon and show him some unheard of thing. \- Tho landlord, pleased with a: listener, wont . " There's tho murder — that's a queer thing. There's that old Frenchman comin' from nobody knows wbere,: to do it, and - goin' nobody knows where, when it's done—and that's a queer thing.; : There's you, as different from the man as -light from dark, coram' in among us, and bringing ' his name . back again.' And then as queer, as auv of 'em, hero's Mr. Redwood's old friend, reckoned. to bo dead this two years, turning up two days after tho murder like a ghost. : I'm said the laudlord,. "if ever I hoard: of eucli a lot of queer things together in all my life." "Mr. Hetheridge," risked. Dom, "was tho frieml of the man who waskilled!" "Brought up together,"' the landlord answered. "Pretty much like brothers, till tbey waB two or three and twenty. They had a bit of a tiff later on about; tho young lady poor Mr. Redwood, married.. They both -wanted ber, and Mr. Redwood got her The other - man, ho went out. to Australia?. . ... "And was .lost dor two yearn,"- said Dom 'That is a long timo to bo lost for," "Yus," said the landlord, frothing out a mug of beer for himself, " it's , a longish timejv but when you come to think about it it's natural enough. The poor iman seems to have got a sunstroko in the wilds out there. IVo beard bim say ho didn't remember oven his own name when he got into his right mind again." < Thero was the opon door 1 1 But. standing in the light it- gave or seemed to giro was an imagination, so monstrous, so unfounded, so gratuitously impossible aud absurd, that- Mon sieur Dom waved it imperatively., on ono aide and dccliued to look at it. "Could not remember hisown name, "said tho landlord. . ' "And so took mine -The words sprang into Dom's mind, and wore almost at his lips before ho saw how wild they would have sounded if spokon, how- mad they seemed evon to his own fancy. ' This . Hetheridge had known him j Andrd Dom had vanished for two years from' tho sight of the world, liad had/ reason to hate Redwood, had como to. tho sceno of tho murdor within two days of its perpetration. Well, what was there in all that? ' Tho root of the ridiculous fancy, of whiob it would bo wiso to breatho no wordi For.tho next 10 minutes tho landlord had the talk- entirely to himself. Monsieur Dom talked assiduously, strokiug his huge moustache and grunting yes or no at random. At the end of that time Hetheridge entered, and the French- man awaking from his revoric plunged into talk with him. . - \ "Our good friend, the patron," ho said, "has been telling mo that you suffered from a sun- U v "P"1 your wanderings in the bush." «a«d Hothcridge, with averted face. You a hayo thought it too lato in the year for that, wouldn t you? But I romembor one or two biasing- days. Won i that fancy, the little Vigneron asked himself, or was it humbug? He rememberod the long and painful search for tho missing man!Band- lie- recalled it minutely, detail by i i . «nt -weather for the season of the year undoubtedly, but hot enough for sunstroko ? Possibly he thought at last. There wis no knowing precisely what might happen to a man weakened by want and exposure.- Ho decided that bo suspeoted nothing. That as an honorable and clean minded man, be bad no right to suspwit anything. Tiio fancy whiob Had attacked : him- - was no better than an' -intrusive madness. Ho would lot itgo." ; Hut nll tiie samc.it clung. n (to be continued.) 1 -7:',v.' 