News and Notes To-night the Union Social Quadrille Club bold their eighth fortnightly dance in the Public Hall, Coburg. The Reiv.dFather: Fitzgerald officiated at tbd elevino'clock Mass at St. Peters sdad St:Paul's R.C. Church, Coburg on Sunday last.'. The Social given by the Loyal Rose of Brunswick Lodge, towards the alley ehtion of the existing distress, was not so successful as anticipated. The Coburg Brass Band wili?f, on Saturday evening parade from More land-road along Sydney-road, and after wards discourse selections of music on the balcony of Mr. Dunn's buildings. The second Social in conne-tion with the Coburg Band will take place on Friday, 16th September. It is to be kept strictly select, and a fashionable attendance is expected. .During the month of July 104 chill ren were born in Brunswick, 57 of them young gentlemen, and 47 young. ladies. In Coburg 16 in all were born, and each sex claimed half of that number. ?A matting practice wicket will be laid down on the Coburg Cricket Ground next Saturday, and those members anxious to recover their willow-wielding abilities should attend at the ground: The oion. D. -MelvilleL-M.L.C., -has. bhad a walk-over for thli Sontliher Pro vince. We congratulate him. It` is positive iroof thait he has aad is still representing his constituents in his usual conscientious manner. As a rule the North Ward is gener ally the first to declare its poll, but this year the results were not made known until past eight o'clock. The South Ward's results were the first, then fol lowed the Middle Ward's declarationo. It is stated that the Hoffman Brick Company, which recently shut " dow?" its works, will re-open shortly. If there is any truth in the rumour, it will be hailed with gratification by the many so urgently requiring employment. The Coburg Football Club have now finished up a very successful season,; playing 16 matches, winning eight and losing eight. Thie club did not meet with the support it deserved, and thie onus of its success fell wholly upon the members of the team. Although tile Coburg Cricket Club will receive two good men in Patt'rson and Roberts of the Fitzroy Orientals, they will have hard work to replace Irv:in, Mailer, and Warrick, whose ser services they will lose this coming season. "The High Jump," showing our Premier mounted on old Spondulix with a familiar cast of features flying over the want of confidence motion, packed up by officn hunger, grab and greed, is what our friend Punch waxes merry over this work in his principal cartoon. Judging from the way in which the tickets for the Coburg Football Club's Anndal ; Social l are'being.:disposed :oO, the gathering promises to be very suc cessful.' Intending participants should make early application for their tickets of admission. Naungton's Band has been engaged to provide the music and every thing promises to be most complete. If that jade rumour can be relied upon, our Public Service will be unap proachable on November 1st., Cup Day. It is said 'that the Government intend to abolish the General Holiday on that day, anti if that is to, our " hard-used " Civil Servants will have to entrust their fivers to their friends, who do happen to have a holiday. Mr. R. R. Grundy, the respected estate agent )f Sydney-roan, Coburg, has been appointed sworn valuator for the Shire of. Coburg by the Governor in Council. Mr. Grundy has nothing to learn in such matters, and a more fitting appointment could not have been imade. In another column, MIr. Grundy advertises an amended list of exceptional properties for disposal. Two boys named William Kennedy and J. Hill, brought a track load of vegetables 'to .Brunswick :.o the 8th inst., but'did notilo much business. Then they took to marine dealing, and ivere caught by Constable Wilcox and charged with. collecting special wares without being licensed to do so. ,Mr. O'Meara, the Police Magistrate, reprimanded and discharged them. About half past eight o'clock on Fri day .evening last, an alarm of fire was rang out from the Moreland Fire Brigade Tower, and flames were ob served issuing frcm the direction of East Coburg. Tile brigade, which turned out in full muster. proceeded to the Preston Railway gates, when it was discovered to be a large haystock owned by a Mr. C. Calmer, at Preston, but as it was a few miles out of the brigade's jurisdiction, they returned. Coburg has'a " Ghost" who is said to be closely related to the miscreant who terrorised tie men, women, and children of St. Kilda, and the adjoining districts. Ccburg's " wretch " gave a fearful shock to one of the Shite's old residents, Mrs. Buzaglo. This lady, in company with a friend, was returning home on Sunday evening last from Church, when the " Ghost" presented himself for an instant and then disap peared. The much looked for Concert and Dramatic performance of the pupil's of St. Paul's church, will take place on Friday, at the Public Hall, Coburg. Songs, Recitations, Graceful Dances, Piano Selections, Tableaux Vivants, are set down in the programmne. The realistic Cantata " The White Garland" is to be given and its success is assured. The Scholars have been long and carefully rehearsed in tile rniny parts and the day of entertainment will be a red-letter day in their young minds. A. Concert and Tableaux Vivants under the direction of Mr. W. F. Ford, and in aid of: the Girls' Friendly Sbciciy, will ?thkel place in:' thel Holy:: Trinity Chuirclih Cobui;g onhThuirsday ':neit. .A:-. spleindid prograimiime has bceneprepared, and the lTableaux are four in number and ertitled The Coming i Storm" I "Hermione; or the Living Statiute" "Where are you going my Pretty I Maid" and "Caughtl Tripping." The limelights will be under the direction of the Rev. J. Caton, and Mr. L. Thwaites will ofliciate as accompanist. The much married-man should know that an Order in Council dated the 8th. inst., gives information and instructions to Deputy Registrars of Births; Deaths and Marriages, With relerence to a scale of fees. to coma into vogue on atnd after Septemiber 1st. The only new point of interest to the general public is the infliction of a penalty or line of £5 in -very ease of neglectinig to register before the expirationt of 60 days. This is a very important !iatter for ftinily men to tnote as it frequently happens that owing to procrastination and other causes, the registration is often overlooked until the child is over six months. tA second but minor point is iwhere a correction of an entry is desired, a fee of 2s. Gd. is chargeable. The Women's Christian Temperance Uniots and the Primitive Methodist Baud of Hope ji ?ed fore.t; iii" last atucrday evening, and gave a m tst enjoyable en tertainment. The efforts of the follos ing were thoroughly appreciated in their respective contribultions :-A Dialogue " A 'ipling' Wife and sithe raised the wind," by Masters F. Collins, J. Itae burn, and Messrs E. Brown. J. Pixston, and IS. Kellock; Piaus" olo by Miss Wilkinson ; lecitation by Miss Williams. Song, " A Rolling Stone gathers no Moss," by Mr. S nith. " Bad Ilck to the Whisky," ia dialogue by Misses B1. Kellock, A. l1utcelinson, andl E. Brown. A song, '" B no ells of Scotlandd,' by Miss Jenkins. A dialogue, " We are the coaing Men," by Masters liellock, McConnell, Norris, and Almond. Miss Pieston sang, "I am a Little Soldier." Miss Wilkinsou recited a piece entitled, " On tie Norfolk shore." Masters F. Collius, and Scott gave a most amusing dialogue entitled, " The Prisoner's Trial." 