THE YOUNG FOLKS.] In Hannted House. By ExBnaoN Biinnett. “ Ha, ha, ha ! Ho you suppose that I would bo afraid to «tay all night in your hnuntod houso ?” oriod Bonjamin Gilbort to Bcvoral of his boon companions. “ Woll, I toll you what I will do, Bon,” ropliodono of them. “ I will wager a cham puguo supper for tho party that you dare not remain in tliohouso all night.” “ I will accept tho wager. How, whoro is this houso you talk bo much about ?*' “ It is on tho outskirts of the city,” was tho roply, “ aud was onco a liuo rosidonoo ; but it'has boon noglootoil bo long that it is now in a dilapidated condition. It hns been untonanted for a nrnnbor of years, and is known ns tho haunted houso. There aro straugo lights in it, thoy say—such as a whito figure passing tho windows of the Bccond storoy, while tho room is lighted by a reddish glaro, and thon, ns tho figuro disap pears, the light docs also, only to bo followod by a suooession of difforont*colored finsbes of light. Thou ail bcooraes quiot for sovoral hours, when tho samo performance is some times repeated. This docs not occur overy night, aud soinotimos thoro aro intervals of sovoral weeks without anything unusual being soon. “ At times thoro nro also strango noises beard, liko tho rattling and clanking of chains, and Honvon knows what all. Ho ono knows who is the owner. It is currently roportod that a young married couple moved into it sorao yonrs ago, and that tho first night thoy wore murdered, nnd sinco then thoro has novor boon found any ono who possessed tho oourago to occupy it more than a few days,' or weeks at most. Thoso aro tho ourrout reports of generalities, and tho partioularB you will doubtloss nnd out for youtBolf boforo you win your bot. Now, when wilL you go and faoo tho ghost in his don ?” “1 am ready at any time—so supposo wo start to-morrow afternoon ?” 4 ‘All right. Wo will all accompany you to tho house, see you safoly inside, and thenwaitfor you at a tavern not far off. But boar in mind that ono of us will boon tho watch all through tho night; and if you remain thero until day light tho noxt morning, I will consider that I Imvo lost my bot, and will then pay it without domur.” Tho noxt day, about dusk, they went to tho hauutod bouse, and Ben Gilbort ob> tained an entrance by climbing up a kind of1 shod aud arbor whioh reached to the second storoy of the buck part of tho house. As soon as he was in the room ho called; “Good-bye, boys; I'll seo you in the morning,” and, closing tho window, ho die- ; appeared from view. “ Well, hero I am,” he thought, as he nxaminod a pair of revolvers that ho had brought with him, “in what is Galled a haunted house. When I was a child, I used to boliove in suoh stuff, but sinoo I have bo corao a man, I don’t. No, thoro is no snob thing as a haunted houso; and if tho credulous neighborhood really see or hear anything, thero must bo a cause for it, and that oauao I am bound to find out. For the firBt thing, I willoxamino the house.” The room he was now in was a largo bed chamber, with a mantel-piece in tho controof ono of the side walls, and a largo closet on either hand. Thoro wore two doors to the room, ono loading into tho ontry, and the < other lata an adjoining room. Ho visitod eaoh room in tho houso, but without finding anything to oxoito his sus picion. Aftor making a thorough investigation, ho returned to tho second-storey room, intend ing to pass tho remainder of tho long, weary hours beforo morning in that apnrtmont. Time drew slowly along, and at last he fell asleop, aud did not awake till midnight, and thon ho awoko with a start. Surely ho had heard a load noise! Or had ho been dreaming/ Ho thero it was again—sounding as if somoono had thrown several tin pans down a flight of stairs. Ho immediately jumpod up, drew ono of his revolvers, quietly walked to the door leading into the entry, softly oponod it, and stood thero and listened, but all now romainod still. “ I must have fancied it,” ho thought, as ho rotraced his stops and lay down again on the floor. Ho was nearly asleop for tho sooond time when ho porccivcd a flash of light shoot across tho room, and again hoard tho Bamo clattering noise as before. “Thero is ne mistake this time,” ho mentally snid, “ and as thero must bo a oauso for it, 1 am now going to find out. Ah, by .Tovo! thero is something or somebody moving in the other room; and as I wish to watch without boing scon, I will just enter one of tboso olosots and bo on tho alert.” Ho had just fairly concealed himself whon ho was again startled by a sound liko a dog furiously barking, and tho front room was illuminatod with a rod glaro. Having been in tho dark for sovoral hours tho glaro of light in tho othor room was almost bliudiug. “ Can'thoro bo such a thing as a haunted houso?” ho asked himself. “Bah! I don't believo it. But what is tho causo of this ? Heavens ! if I amuotmiatalcou, I smell brim stone, too ! Eh—what! is that tho moving spirit thoy toll mo about ? Pshaw! I don’t boliovoin spirits. Itisoomiugthis way now, and I’ll soon see if it bo living or dead !” and with that ho raised his rovolvor and was about But just as ho pointed tho weapon at tbo figuro it scorned to fudo out of sight, and all became dark and quiot again. Half-stupefied at this strango mystery, tho young man remained silent for several minutes, and thon, just as ho was about to como forth from his placo of conoealmont, ho was agnin stnrtlod by u succession of fiashos of different colors. “Whatcan it bo? I must and will find out,” bo muttered, in a low, determined tone, as ho stopped forth and advanced to tho room whoro ho Rad seen the flashes of light. IIo had only proceeded a fow stops, whon tho lights again disappeared, and all again became silent and dark. Ho stoppod and listoned, and thought ho hoard some porson moving, aud thon it souudod as if somoono woro descending tho stairs. “ If that is thoghost, it walksliko a man,” ho oouoludcd, “ nnd I am going to follow it and eoo for mysolf.” Ho thou pulled off his boots and dcscondod to tho first floor, but saw nothing. Ho hoard tho footsteps, however, and followed tho uu- 1 known by tho sound, i The sound led him ou through tho different rooms on tho first floor, thon into tho kitohon, and thcnco down into tho oollar. As young Gilbort reaohod tho head of tho stairs leading into tho collar ho porceived a light, which had tho nppoarnnoo of proceed ing from a dark lantern. “ I am not mistake:1,” ho thought, “ for if thoro aro ghosts thoy do not requiro tho aid of man to assist them in seeing, nnd thcroforo thoy would not uso a lantern ; and if not a spirit, it must bo human, it must lmvoa ptirposo for its notions, aud that pur pose I intend to find out.” Boing in his stockinged foot and in the dark—for tho light from tho lantern shone on tho opposite wall—ho was euabled to ap proach vory uoar tho objeot without bis pre sence boing suspected. Tho figuro thon wont up to tho wall, and, after standing thero a fow sooonds, a largo stono swung outward, as if on hinges, and tho figuro disappeared through tho aperture. ! “ So—so, my worthy ghost, I think I have fouud out your littlo gumo, or a part of it, atallovouta, aud I uow proposo to discover tho rost of it,” soliloquised Gilbort, as ho ontorod tho opouing through tho wall. On tho othor sido of tho wall ho found a flight of stops, whioh desoouded a short dis tance, aud commnnioatod with a narrow passage way, just largo enough to allow an ordinary-sized man to walk along in a stoop ing posturo. Ho advanced along tho passage for about twouty feet, and then onmo to a room, which was lighted by several lamps, and iu tho contro of which was a man in the aot of be ginning some work. Ho stood there nnd watched him for at least an hour. There was no mistaking his occupation— ho was a counterfeiter—and had ail the tools, presses, and paper necessary to carry on his nefarious business. Now what was tho best thing to be done ? Should ho attempt to arrest him? or had he hotter retreat ana inform the proper authori ties of what he had discovered 7 Ho wisoly decided that tho latter plan would bo more judicious and safer; and so , ho returned to his room and remained there till morning, hearing nothing more from the gboBtly counterfeiter. As ho left tho house he was met by his friends, who anxiously inqtiirod what he had seen and heard. Ho related all, with tho exception of tho discovery of tho countorfoiter. They wanted to know if ho was not frightened, and whether ho could account for tho strango events. He put them off as host ho eould, not wishing anything to bo made publio until he could havo tho man arrested. Thoy had their champagne supper that night, and he could not well get away from them during tho day, ho had to dolay his visit to tho police authorities until tho day following. Ho went with two officers to again visit the house, hut although thoy searched and oxamined every part of tho collar, thoy were unable to diecovor tho aeorot door leading . through tho wall. Thoy did discover, however, in tho socond storoy front room how tho different colored lights wero produced. It was by moans of ohomicals mixed with powder, such as aro used in inakiug fine dis plays of fireworks. In ono of tho olosets in tho kitohon they found threo or four tin panB, which had sorved to make tho olattoring and alarming noiso wo havo described. Two officers oach night watohed for tho rotura of tho ghost, or counterfeit, hut woro not successful for nearly three weeks. Ono night, as they were on duty us usual, thoy heard tho sounds of tho tin pans falling down stairs, and then thoy at once prooeoied to tho oollar and there concealed themselves and wuitod for their man to appear. At^ Inst ho came, just as ho had been described to them by our hero, and they silently followed him into his working-room underground. Thoy waited uutil ho had got fully under way, so as to catch him in tho act1 and theroby make out a stronger case against Thon they quiotly crept into tho room he was in without being seen by him, because ho had his back towards tho entrance. Bothtogethor thon rushed up and seized him, but the man fought with the despera tion of a ranuiac, and it was as much as the two could do to overpower him. It was woll fpr (Gilbert that ho had not undertaken to arrest tho man at tho time ho discovered him, for it is raoro than likely that ho would havo been killed. Tho prisoner waB handcuffed and taken out, ana it was then discovered that ho was i ono of tho moat notorious counterfeiters in the country. Tho noxt dny tho papers had a full account of tho haunted houso and tho arrest, giving tho crodit to Gilbert. No ono was more surprised to see the article than tho friends who had proposed to him to stay all night in tho haunted house. 41 What did I tell you !" he said to them, with an air of triumph, when next thoy mot. “Did I not say thero was no such thing as a haunted house, where ghosts and spirits roam about at will, kicking up all sorts of non sensical didos? Let rao tell you that ghost stories aro for ohildren, not men—that thero is always a causo for everything that hnppons —and if you aro not a coward, and havo sonso enough, you can discover wbat produces suoh supernatural and marvollouB results.” # And his friends admitted that, whothor right or wrong, thoir bravo and daring com rade was at least entitled to draw his own ‘ Weekly Budget. 