BhUiJ Hhi t\f£ HEW YORK LEtTEtl; A wedding took place here agi> which has furnished gossip for a fort-nigii* for the actors and actresses on the Rialto, which ia the precinct on Union- square, between Broadway and Fourth Avenue, where actors most do congregate. No wonder that they gossiped; no wonder they were excited, for no such marital experience ever fell to the lot Of itny other person since tho world began, as that \thitih form's un interesting part of tho history of Anne Uindlc. She is an Englishwoman, fltf# ivb'out fifty, and has been engaged in sedohel and first class variety theatres nearly all her life as a male impersonator; she is not uncomely, but there is nothing feminine about her features; she' drinks and smokes, and she has worn men's clothes so long that they be come her better than the garments of her own sex. From l^ng association with men and a careful observntisn of their manners she has acquired an easy swagger which gives her the air ofa fast yonng man out oil a teai. Miss Hindlejcamo to this country-about a quarter, of .a century ago, and her male iillpefsbiiiitioliB ^became nil the rage. She travelled froil city ttf City, itiakinq a mint of' money, and while playing an fctfgffgeiYient in the West mec an English variefy a'etbr named Vivian. It was love at first sight, and after an exceedingly brief courtship they were married. But if the courtship was .brief, the honeymoon was briefer. Mr. .Yivian left his bride 'the nextmorriirigafter the wedding jwid never saw her after.. ' Th.e lo33 of her 'new-found husband evi dotitlj" teide .no serious fracture in Miss Hindle's or Mrs. vidian's heirt, for she did not go into mourning or offer any reward for her missing h'ubby, but went right on tanking engagement after engagement, raking in the ducats, more popular and udmired than ever. Poor Yivian was the founder of the ' Bene volent Order of Elks,' one of the most popular orders of its kind, in the country, but he derived no benefit from the institution, and after he left Anne Hindle, took to drink ing and died some years ago in extreme poverty in Leadville, Colorado. Miss Hindie seemed to abandon all society and devoted'herself to her profession arid money-malting. . She'was constantly attended by her maid, a very pretty Irish girl named Anne Ryan. One night while is the west, afc tho conclusion of the performance, in com print with Ryan and a male friend, dressed in one of her performing suits, the party .jailed on the Methodist tniniacer of tho town, who, after the usual questions, pronounced Charles Hindie, as sho called heraelf, and Anne Ryan, man and wife. The affair was a nine days' wonder. The pair behaved themselves with so much decorum, were so quiet, and appeared so affectionate and considerate of each other, that they ivon the respect of everybody who knew them, ami in Jersey City where they lived they were thought well of by their neighbors, who could nevCr understand the strange connection between but made no impertinent inquiries. In January last Anne Ryan died, anu a mote disconsolate, husband was never seen nf the (^each-bed of a wife than Anile Hindie. Her J'rief affected the entire company tflien she declared thutshS had, lost the best frielid that she had in the tftftldi At that time it looked like dollars rind cents! sh'e would hsVef find another; therefore ik vrSS Htfme thing of it s'Jrjjrise,- not to say a shock, when the, announcement, ??ks' made that Anne Hindie had led a second of'ldo to the nltar I on fSTinuXv' Ju]y> n°t S'X mofifh? Bi'nce I lier first wife Anno Rvin crossed the Jordafi. It is certainly,, a remarkable experience oiie husband^ and two handsome wives for the same woman. She appears to have sounded all the depths and shoals of matri monial experience. Perhaps as Shakes peare remarks:, 'There is in it something more than natural if philosophy could find It out.' ? ; There have been two remarkable gather ings here this week. The Rnbbinical Con ference and the Association of Christian Endeavor, representing the oldest and newest ftiriris of religious thotJght, The difference iti the, character arid make-up of the two 60iihfe'ifS ag teSrked, 8s the principles which had Giijed llierti together.- The Jewish council was made tip of gtrive, learned men. deeply versed in the lore 0/ the Talmud and the Pentateuch, called together to consider the, advjsabilif,y of removing the ancient landmarks,of Judaisto which have guided the sons and daughters! of Israel since they went forth in the wilderneffs if/rfi'e thousand 11 "e hundred years ago to follow the feloutf and the pillar of fire. The Jewish chu'ffcli Wts ever. been slow to proselyting; the Christian convert has not been sought after.: Ifheor she came in good faith, and after careful examination the Rabbi found that it was a genuine lovs of. Judaism that induced them to renounce the . Christian religion ar*" embrace the ancient faith, they were accepted, but if any doubt existed as to the genuine ness; of their conversion, they were at once : Rejected. The principal question before the council will be tlie dispensing, with tne Abrahainic ritfe in this &ts6; 01 converts; this and a. hiiirlber of other iitifiortant (jiitisttona will engage their attention: _ _ ,t , Biit as in the case of this Christijln Chtirdh there is a division among the Jews; oiie branch being under the lead of '^bm Gotthiel, of the Temple Emanuel, on Jifth Avenue, one of the most learned and pro gressive religious teachcrs on the continent, if not in. the world. He ia a man.of tlio most liberal'and advanced thought, and a great favorite with all classes here. He and a number of tbeable Jewish teachers are n®kin sympathy with the present conference which asssinbled hce this week. But if the Rabbinnical council represented the past1-the (association of Christian En deavor was ft start'ins; representation of the ever living present. No les3 than 20,000 or 25,000 'wme down upon us on Tuesday and Wednesday last, cramming the incoming rail road trains and crowding the hotels. They camo from every state m the American Union, and they all wore badges of which they seemed exceedingly proud; many had on a half-a-dozen, and the greater their number the prouder they seemed?,to feel. In the twenty or twenty-five . thousand visitors there were many hard and earnest workers, bnt with the great body of them it seemed like a country picnic; they came to see New "ioik on account of the reduced excursion rates; they canio here to have a good time and they had it. They crowded the street cars and were not at all slow to: inform the riders that in North Dakota, Iowa and North Mexico, / gentlemen if they waz gentlemen, didn't. let ladies stand in the keers.' There was not much that, escaped these active Evangelistsiin this wickedicity..* Quite a number found' their way to Koster and Bial's, and I presume were inexpressibly shocked at the performance of. Mons. Dufour and Mile. Hartley ;many found their way to the roof garden, on top of the great building in which their meeting was held, and while a nimble j'ouns creature with about as brief; vesture as mother Evo, kicked up her little heels to a stunning, Boom- ta-ra, Ta-ra, boom-ta-ra, the vast auditorium below re echoed with grand old Coronation, and What a Wonderful Saviour. On Friday they crowded the town, evi dently bent on sight seeing. Central Park was a great attraction; they visited the monkey house and enjoyed it. It was novel and interesting, for monkeys are not plen tiful in Wyoming and Colorado. They enjoyed the lions and the bears, the eagles, and other natural curiosities. Many went to the museum of natural history, and all found their way to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Hans Markhart's great picture of ' Diana's Hunting Party ' was not received with unqualified favor. One young Christian Endeavor said they otmht to bo ash»med to go about without their clnthes, and her escort remarked that if they caught 'eni going about that way in Ingeanny that they'd put :em in the lockup. One young saint who came on here as a delegate. William E. Powell, of Indhnola, came to grief almost as soon as he landed in New York. He was looking about for a hotel, but wherever he applied they were full. At, last Mr. Powell started out and meeting two nice young women, offered them a dollar each to pilot him to a hotel. Our young women who travel the streets nights are. not safe pilots for young gentlemen from the country, and this Mr. Powell soon found out. Tlio young ladies proposed a drink, and unfortunately for himself Mr. Powell did not refuse, although lie was a Christian Endeavor. The party started out to search for a hotel and fee ling tired sat down upon a doorstep, then the young ladies began to be unduly affectionate, and before he could Gi'y .lack, much less Robinson, his pocket-book with sixty dollars and his watch WHS gone, and the two alluring sirens were flying down the street. Mr. Powell from Indianola forthwith raised a terriblo outcry, aud this startled feho police, one of whom took a hand in the race and captured ono of Mr. Powell's pilots^ bat not the one who had tho money. They th^n went for tho other and fonnd her at home, and on searching between the mat tresses found Mr. Powell's sixty dollars all gafe?- and in the street discovered his pocket book Trhieh the thief hnd thrown away, with his railroad tieset and his appointment as a delegate to tlio Association of Christian Endeavor. To .his great astonishment her. was committed by ths Magistrate to the house of detention as a Ttitness, and there ho may lie till the New Year, if.some pf'our sharp criminal lawyers adopt the'iT usual j; tactics and bail the. girls, then stave? the i trial month after month, so that the thii^'fts /gtf free and j tho -man who was; robbed US imprlw'jfreifj ;Tfcis lh rather : a severe-ertpe ricnce for ail W&dUf-y;<iui)g' . Christian'-Endear vor, but my ja'dVfci# fd"»njr of my country; friends visiting New "4W& is,.- if you want to find a hotel, don't take for rf any of the young ladiesiyou meet Ori the 0We2f.- It is not safe? indeed, it is not;- don't tir^' A. The meeting has been a revelatibuftwny very distinguished people took part iii; ifc-~ nn less than two members of President , Harrison's cabinet, John Wan nn maker, the iPostmaster-GjeneraJ,- .ivn^,. Mr. poster,- the : Secretary of i the Treasury, assisting in the exercises; though one of the brightest stars ; of tho occasion was our., own Chauncey M. | D.Cpew, Some of the Younsr Christian Eti'dtj^or brought their Kodaks along, and on Ifyi'dVty J fannd four middle- aged ladies and two glrfe stroand » Kodak, engaged in taking' a photogr.-Vpft of the house where Doctor Parkhiirst satt Sha ghost dance. There were representatives from every quarter of the'globe- a native" .Alaskan, one from China, one from Japan, aild a.' distin guished native " missionary from Uofln-bay, j The enthusiasm has been at. fever hen! all j the week, many, of the churches throwing open their doors' to receive the overflow meetings. Of course in such a large number of people, drawn frcm. every portion of the globe, there'wore some very queer? The self- assertant woman -with the blue cotton umbrella, ready to paddle her canoe through a cyclone, was not absent, and the severe looking old" maid with, green specks, a book of reports of Foreign missions, a guide to New York, a notebook and a hand-satchel, was ever present, ready to help the cause along. The Association of Christiana did well to come to New York-they will not find between here and Alaska or Bombay more fallow ground for the seed they may cast abroad. For here are representatives from every country on the face of the earth. On Friday fifteen hundred found their way to Coney Island; theyjtried their hobby horses, took a round in the boats, went to see the elephant, climbed up the toll tower, and took a go among the naughty shows of West Brighton, and went back to New York that Triglit fully convinced that the Christian Endeavor had not arrived in town any. too soon. They will have much to. tell when they get back home of the hairbreadth escapes they have had from Abbadon and Belial. They have had a good time and so have we, and I am happy to say that New York is bettered by their visit. With the kindliest remembrances we bid them 'au i>0V .°ir»' - and: if ever they see fit to visit us again fl'ey may rest assured of a hearty ^ri£e °J ^0 Priors, which has now Jssteu f°urteen weeks, has utterly collamcd, and the raen, half-starved, ure now clamoring for work. These paviors had n'/t.hing to com plain of; th^xr w,ere *e" ceiviiig foitf <?oIJafs and fifty cents .1 , ^ eight hours'; Wntks When the graiZ . strikers were locked out m 5*e*v" England £fre«s men quit work in. New York without a moin6?rt/s warning, leaving oar streets in horrible condition,. but they did not care so long as they could spite the contractors? they have paid a heavy penalty for their fun. They are heavilj' loaded with debt; their families are starving, athi now they are begging for work. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. A LABOR DIFFICULTY.-Wife (from the window at 1 a.m., to tipsy husband)-'Well, what's your excuse for coming home, at this hour? Hustjand-'Let me in, M'ria. Just come from the meeting of the labor union; Beer, considering what we'd do about the recent strike.' Wife-' Well, you just sit down on the doorstep and consider what you'll do about the recent lock-out.' And she slammed down the window. 