? ? - . - ' i.. i ' [By Fooos'bm;] ; A dcad ket. A dummy ad. A J.P.'s life is not a happy opo.,,,. ,? A ghost of a show. Tho living Bkelc ton. ~ : ? ' ..v.' 'Sv Parliament opens at tho end of tho month. Mr., Michael C. Trcanor's brother died on Saturday. The Salvation 'Army has a new 'captain.' ' A perfect hurricane of wind blew over Bathurst on Sunday night, The political atmosphere is not quite 'so'heatetji now as during lastiwcek. The A. B. G: frauds are not quite so ' iniich in public mind now as a week ago. Even Francis will be forgotten in a few months. The merry-go-round has turned tho heads of half the little ones in the town. A certain parliamentarian advises his defeated opponent to next time go in for bribery. Why don't some of our young .men start a debating sooiety and knock' off whiskey 1 Some men not only have: a ? skeleton in the oupboard but a whole grave-yard under the table. Mr. Boyd thanks the Advocate for the able and earnest support-it gave him during the election. , . The late Mrs. Millar's maternal gfand parents died within a few hours of each other on Sunday, each at a very advanced age. Sir Henry Parkes delivered a speech at North Sydney the other night; -Tho old man's voice was so weak as .hardly to be audible. ? ' ' Gladstone's acceptance of' tho pre miership at the age of 88-^ years' estab lishes him as the most uuiquc politician of history. Sharp, driving showers fell' through out the district on Sunday night, which : ? was most dreary and inhospitable throughout. It is funny if Mr. Tonkin really thinks that the Advocate did him so much good, that he should feel so mad | about it when among his own personal friends. Tho man of crime who is 'doing- time' May, under this sway despotic, Work at a trade, And be easily made To believe he is paid. As long as he's kept hypnotic. The person of rank who muddles a bank, Transformed to a fervid cleric, Will preach reproof, And keeping aloof ; From collaring ' 'oof ' . : By the aid of the pass mesmeric^ i : ' Three of the men who boomed the Shelley centenary in Sydney are said to have received 20 per cent, commission on the ' Shelleys ' sold by a local book seller. JThe bookseller ordered 6ver one thousand copies some six months ago, and agreed to pay that commission if a boom were started. The proper duty of a good , newspaper is to expose public abuses, and not pat men on the back. The virtues . of the world can take carc, of themselves. ;It's the viccs a good newspaper, deals , with, for exposuro breeds contempt, and . con tempt death. Tho best reformers of tho world have been grumblers. Pittsburg millionaire Carnogie's re tort to Rev. Hugh Price Hughesi — -Says Hughes: ' The millionaire must' go!' Says Carnegie: ' By jingo, if he. does he takes the parson with' him, andithey will go hand in hand, like Adam and Eve out of Eden, seeking light employ ment' with heavy pay.' When John Hurley, Francis Abigail, Roderick Macnamara and the other official representatives of the Ausralian Banking Company started the m&rch; from the dock to the funereal vehicle called 4 Black Maria' a number of yokels posted themselves on the' rails of tho courtyard, and plaintively cried out— 1 Good-bye, John ! Good- bye, Francis ! Good-bye, all ! Who will say an Aus tralian crowd lacks, either humour or taste. ? ' : Inspector - General Fosbery's last scrvice-to New South Waleswill.be an intelligent, .but drastic, anti-larrikin Act. The main principle of .it will be the con ferring on tho police of the power to .disperse as a,, disorderly crowd three or more than thvee1 youths or men. If that pass the House, larrikinism will becomo a thing of the past, for it takes at least three average larrikins to devolop enough pluck to make themselves . a ; nuisance. An effort will be mado to fill Mr. Fosbery's positisn with a. mam from tho - London or Now York force. This was ono of the subjects on which Sir George Dibbs was to make preliminary observa tions. Strango are the ways of Providence ! A man escaped death in the Christchristi (N.Z.) theatro a week or two ago by go ing out to' take a drink, when a piece of plaster dropped on his seat. Quite simi lar to a comedian named Saker, who escaped death at the now BrunBwiok Theatre, London, by taking a drink at the pub, oyor the road, when tho theatro roof fell in — at rohearsal — killing amj wounding a number. 