THE DOCTORS SHOOK HEADS. THEIR "I wotK.it give a million dollars for a ttomach," said a wealths- American recently. Kow, a million dollars (£200,000) is « deal ot money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of Ko. S Popto Bow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, Is not so rioh IIUU as H many, U1BU/, being UUlUg a • gardonor, ()»i»»u»'l but •»" ho was J - . _ .11 l>• l.fta) IM »m> ready enough to give all ho had tot one thing he hain't I..J.U got. Hero is >« his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. < Gaskin goes on to say:—" Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sioknes». In Dooembor, 1883, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, 1 had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, whioh would fill with water HltMSl and 1,11U slime, blllllV) the .UV latter "".VI so HV thick wuun ctuu and sticky that I often had to romovo it with my fingers. My ohest used to ' fill up,' and my throat would swell BO I couldn't button my HIIIRB UI UIU III'UN. * ,VNUIMI O TJIEN UONI, chiefly a yellowish-groon phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would oough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out ot my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath, And had to call the dootor, and was in bed five or six weeks. "I then wont as out-patient to tho Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there tor six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it WAS all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the aootors reoommended me to try a change of air. So I eame to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to tho Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital \wro full, and I saw my club dootor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said,' Ytm are in a galloping contnmption itud must dietho other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chost, said Nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle hotter, my old master allowed me to do what little I could in hiB gardens and grounds; and some davs I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 18S8, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down oompletolv. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacuptul at once, and mu ofroid to go to tleep for ear the phlegm trould choke me. At this time the whites ot my eyes turned yellow, nd my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and outh were dry and parohed, and I often roke out into a cold, olammy sweat. My ongue was like a piece of brown leather, nd I could keep nothing down. I lost over Mone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and, sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read, 1 often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone—and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and tho children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, bnt he said, «I mm do yet* no stood; I rot, onbt ; jw* vjs team** yowr hmgt ore diseased]' , f 1am MM gave AM> over taking his l.;* medicine and a mod everything I could hear of. One thing WM a cough cure from London that cost 83s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, • WVtt, yon rcttyfc mw<4 longer ; wm hare mnt* to prepmre ji*r ohother wwM.' " About the middle of March. 1S89, a "M)oar named Joseph Tatham, who s in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, »id to me,' row, did ytm errr try Mother SnfePt Xyrvp>> and tote me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine, I my wfoto Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria-street, After the nrst dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days ruy breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days 1 able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to «e ruy master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everrone, that Mother Serai's Syrup had saved my life, I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of oourso, my strength did not roturn all at once, but aftor taking Beigel's Syrup for ttx mntht I was strong as ever in my lifo, and liavo continued so ovor since." In giving his consont to tho publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin roquests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Kootloy, head pardoner, Darley Abbey, who is aa^uninted with all the faots alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years, and boars an excellent roputation. Kow, what was tho oomplaint from whioh he Builorod ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (at one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in lest than hree mnt/is, instoad of growing worse for even years. His oomplaint was chronio inflammatory dyspepsia (or obronio gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, tor whioh it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly troatod. When the right romedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin oil his reoovory. and commend the faots of his case to all thinking people.— IAbvt.] 