CHRISTMAS CAROLS. BY DELIBRA. " Then came the merry masquers in And carols roared with blithesome din." \- Marmion. ONCE more Old Father Christmas comes among us; and none the less welcome is he that be visits the Sunny South, not with frosted beard and snow-flaked furry robe, crowned with the " Kissing-bush " and scarlet-berried holly, and bearing in his hand the wassail-bowl and flaming snap-dragon, but bared to the waist, in gossamer panta- loons and filmy puggaree-the emissary of Pomona, decked with Flora's lavish gifts, and tendering the humble shandy-gaff or the more recherche iced champagne. But come he how or where he will, he brings an endless train of memories and strange records, and softening even the most callous heart, attunes it, for the time at least, to " tidings of great joy." "With Christmas come the Christmas Carols -quaint, quondam, miscellaneous mixtures of revelry and religion, possessing an original aroma all their own, on which a few words may be interesting at the present season to my readers both old and young. The history of carols is somewhat indefinite and vague, but they seem to have had their origin in France or Burgundy, where they were sung in very far-off times. There they obtained the appellation of "Noels," Noel being to this day the French equivalent for Christmas. One of the earliest examples on record is the famous " Prose de l'ane," which was annu- ally sung at Sens and Beauvais on the Feast of the Circumcision, as early as the 12th century. This performance constituted an important part of a favorite ceremonial con- nected with a popular festival called "La Fete de l'ane (the "Feast of the Ass," or the " Ass's Holiday") in which a " patient moke," richly caparisoned, and bearing on its back a winsome young maiden-the good old priests always managed to get hold of the pretty girls!-with a child in her arms, was led through the city in commemoration of the Flight into Egypt, and finally brought back in solemn procession to the cathedral. In the 16th and 17th centuries these early forms of the " Noel" were succeeded by carols treated in what is called the "polyphonic" style that is, harmonised in parts in somewhat the same way as a modern chorus-the credit of having first so treated them being ascribed to Francois Eustache du Caurroy, the Maitre de Chapelle to the French Kings, Charles IX., Henri III., and Henri IV. Some of the French carols of this period possess great merit, and as a whole have not been surpassed by those of any other country. The history of English carols has yot to be exhaustively treated, for this peculiar form of music deserves more attention than it has yet received. In no part of the world is Yule- tide welcomed, even to this day, with greater rejoicings than in England, and the appear- ance of the great London railway termini on Christmas Eve is a sight to strike any but the undemonstrative and hardened Londoner dumb-founded with amazement. As a natural consequence, Christmas carols obtained a very firm hold in England, though (it must be admitted) less upon the taste than upon the affections of the people. We have no English "Noels" like those of Eugene du Caurroy, but numerous quaint verses and old melodies have been perpetuated, for the most part by tradition alone and without any adornment whatever: and a strange and curious medley undoubtedly they form. To understand the spirit of the English Christmas Carols rightly, we must remember, in this hemisphere, that in the old and northern world Christmas occurs at the com- mencement of the coldest part of winter, and during; the very shortest days, when there is sometimes barely six hours of daylight in Old England, just as in the height of summer the days extend from 3 o'clock in the morning till 9 o'clock at night. We must picture to our- selves the leafless trees, their branches etched with winter's silver - no evergreen gums, bauhinias, poinsettas, and Moreton Bay figs the window panes fantastically decorated by the facile fingers of Jack Frost, the streams and rivers ice-bound, and the country- all around thick-covered with the soft and silent snow. Poverty is helpless, and food and firing are necessary for the preservation of bare life; and then the fine old hospitality for which the mother country has ever been so noted is witnessed at its best. '"Twas merry in the Hall when the beards wagg'd all" so runs one of the good old Cavalier songs; and at "lol" the mansions of the great in " Merrie England " were open (as they often are to this day) to high and low, with jovial merriment and hearty welcome. "The heir, with roses in his shoes, That night might village partner choose; The lord, underogating, share The vulgar game of Post and Pair." The tables groaned with mountains of good victuals; and while the elders caroused with sack and canary and strong spiced ale, or passed the festive wassail-bowl, all manner of dancing, junketing, playing and romping, and plentiful kissing under the mysterious mistletoe were indulged in by the younger folks. But while "Merry Christmas" was pre- eminently the season for merriment and rough rejoicing, it was also the greatest (or at all events the greatest next to Easter) of all the Feasts of the Church, and to this day the Church (both Catholic and Anglican) pre serves a remarkable hold over the social life of the people. Hence we find in the old carols a peculiar naive, simple blending of religion and joviality, of charity and revelry, of kind- ness, benevolence and hospitality, which were far more a pleasure than a duty. Thus, whether we hear them devoutly in a place of worship, or listen drowsily to the singing of them by the " waits " in the still, cold night, or make merry with them as we draw our chairs still closer around the crackling sparks and glowing embers of the Yule-log, which in the warmed and curtained room defies to mortal combat the snow and frost without, we feel that there is a something about these carols peculiar to England, to the English Christmas, the English climate, and English traditions, which it is difficult to render com- prehensible- impossible to make felt-under these bright and sunny skies where Christmas comes at Midsummer, and all our thoughts of holidays are on the mountains or the sea. The English carols may be divided into three classes-Ecclesiastical Carols, Popular Religious Carols, and Festive Carols, Of the first class scarcely a finer example can be adduced than the celebrated "Adeste Fideles," sufficiently well known in English as " Oh, -come, all ye faithful." Simple, broad and "beautifully melodious, few congregational hymns produce a more thrilling effect than this when sung by a congregation sufficiently cultivated to hold their peace during the two bars of treble solo and duet. The next class -the Popular Religious Carols-are a more extensive category, and many of them are translations from the Medieval Latin-Latin at which the ghost of Virgil night stand aghast, but which has, nevertheless, a certain barbaric ring and pleasant cadence of its own that can scarcely be impleading to any but the uncompromising stickler for the Classics. Such a one is " Chriato Paremus Canticam," of which I subjoin the first two English verses;- When Christ was born of Mary free, In Bethelem, in that fair citie, Angels sang there with mirth and glee, "In Excelsis Gloria!" Herdsmen beheld those angels bright, To them appearing with great light, Who said, God's Son is born this night. " In Excelsis Gloria!" Still quainter is " The Legend of St. Joseph and the Angel," the first verse of which runs thus:- As Joseph was a-walking, He heard an angel sing; His song was of the coming Of Christ, our Saviour King. The good man, long dejected, Had knelt to him who hears. The blest refrain now swelling Removes his doubts and fears. Then follows the message of the Angel, in two verses, and the carol concludes as fol- lows : Then be ye glad, good people, This mght of all the year; And light ye up your candles, His star it shineth near. And all in earth and heaven Our Christmas Carol sing, GOODWILL AND PEACE AND GLORY, And all the bells shall ring. The surroundings of the Nativity and the beauty of the semi-divine maternal love of the Virgin for the infant Saviour were naturally prominent themes with the simple-minded authors of those quaint old carols; and one there is, a " Cradle Song of the Blessed Virgin, " that seems to me particularly touch- ing in its rippling, childishly ecstatic tender- ness that recalls to the mind of musical folks some of the passages of melting pathos that occur in Johann Sebastian Bach's (St. Mat- thew's) " Passion!" Thus it runs entire: A Cradle SONG OF THE BLESSED VIBOW. The Virgin stills the crying of Jesus sleepless lying; And singing for His pleasure, Thus calls upon her treasure, "My Darling, do not weep; My Jesu, sleep " O Lamb, my love inviting, O Star, my soul delighting, O Flower of mine own bearing, O Jewel past comparing! My Darling, &c.; " My Joy, my Exultation, My spirit's Consolation; My Son, my Spouse, my Brother, O listen to Thy Mother. My Darling, &c.; " Say, would't Thou heavenly sweetness, Or love of answering meetness ? Or is fit music wanting ? Ho! Angels, raise your chanting! My Darling, &c.; But perhaps the most famous of all this class of carols is " God Bless you, Merry Gentle- men," which, however, is too long to publish. This fine old melody possesses the best qualifi- , cations of a sterling hymn tune, but it's simple, noble beauty can only be fully appreciated when heard in polyphonic harmony, with the melody assigned to the tenor voice according to the invariable tradition of the 17th century. One carol there is, the celebrated " Good King Wenceslas " (adapted from the Latin, "Tempus adest floridum"), which for the spirit of Christian charity, Christmas hos- pitality, and chivalrous condescension, that it breathes seems almost to stand alone; though I give it the place of honor at the head of the third class-the Festive Carols-and subjoin it in its entirety : GOOD King WENCESLAS. Chorus. Good King Wenceslss looked out On the least of Stephen, When the snow lay round about, Deep and crisp and even. Brightly shone the moon that night. Though the frost was cruel, When a poor man came in sight, Gathering winter fuel. Tenor. " Hither, page, and stand by me, If thou know'st it, telling, Yonder peasant, who is he Where and what his dwelling?" Soprano. " Sire, he lives a good league hence, Underneath the mountain; Right against the forest fence, By St Agnes' fountain." Tenor. ''Bring me flesh and bring me wine, Bring me pine logs hither; Thou and I will see him dine, When we bear them thither.'' Chorus. Page and monarch forth they went, Forth they went together: Through the rude wind's wild lament, And the bitter weather. Soprano. " Sire, the night is darker now, And the winds blow stronger; Fails my heart, I know not how, I can go no longer." Tenor. " Mark my footsteps, good my page : Tread thou in them boldly; Thou shalt find the winter's rage Freeze thy blood less coldly.' Chorus. In his master's steps he trod Where the snow lay dinted; Heat was in the very sod Which the saint had printed. Therefore, Christian men, be sure, Wealth or rank possessing, Ye who now will bless the poor, Shall yourselves find blessing. "The Roast Beef of Old England," which though it is generally spoken of as a Christmas Carol, can scarely be regarded as properly belonging to that category. The following three verses, however, will have a special interest in connection with the impending festive season, though they may not particu- larly commend themselves to those who raise the anti-larrikin cry, " It's all on account of the meat." The tender Sir Loin was by Royalty's sword To Knighthood ennobled, in grateful record Of the smoking hot joint that he found on the , board. Oh! the Roast Beef of Old England, And oh! the old English Boast Beef. Great Handel 'tis said, could eat dinner for six, Which was doubtless his reason on England to fix, As the land where good music with eating they mix. Oh! the Boast Beef, &c;, Then long may each Briton of Beef have his fill At Christmas, the season of peace and good will; For the man that's well fed, Sirs, can never do ill. Oh! the Roast Beef, &c.; One more particularly famous carol there is, with a notice of which I will conclude these brief and sketchy observations. For many generations the Boar's Head (the honored dish of ancient Christmas dinners) has been brought with especial state into the dining hall of Queen's College, Oxford, on Christmas Day, in commemoration, it is said, of the valor of a student who, being furiously at- tacked by a wild boar while reading " Aris- totle," rammed the volume into the throat of his aggressor, crying " Graecum est!" till he fairly choked the beast to death. The follow- ing are the words of the quaint carol, the singing of which forms part of the ceremony as the monster dish is borne aloft in triumphant procession ; and the characteristic setting by J.L. Pearsall is a thing I would especially commend to the attention of Musical Unions. CAPUT APRI DEFETRO. The Boar's head in hand bear I, Bedecked with bays and rosemarye ; And I pray you, my masters, be merry, Quot estis in convivio. CHORUS, Caput apri defero Reddeus laudes Domino. The Boar's head, as I understand, Is the bravest dish in all the land; When thus bedeck'd with a gay garland. Let us servire cantico. Caput apri, &c.; Our steward hath provided this, In honor of the King of bliss; Which on this day to be served is In Regimen si atrio. Caput apri defere, Reddens laudes Domino. 