Death lias been very busy of late among the world's foremost men. We have had to chronicle in swift succes sion the decease of the Khedive of Egypt, the Duke of Clarence and Avondale, Cardinal Manning, aud the Rev. C. II. Spurgeon. The tidings of the death of the great Baptist preacher were not altogether unexpected. For many months he has keen ill A short time ago he lay for days in a semi- uneonseious state, while death hovered near. At that time messages of sym pathy poured in from all quarters. Kepresenta tires of r.oyalty, leading statesmen and the leaders of all sec tions of the Church sent letters and telegrams telling of their esteem. For. a time be seamed to rally. During a period of convalescence he was able to go to Men tone, in the south of France. few days ago a relapse ensued, and about midnight on the last day of January, Charles Had don Spurgeon peacefully and painlessly breathed his last. All sections of the press acknow ledge that he was the most popular, preacher of the century, and speak of his death as a .national loss. . For thirty years thousands gathered c-ery week in the Metropolitan Tabernacle to listen to his thrilling eloquence. No speaker .has : ever so engrossed the; men. No preacher, stateman or orator has ever L—taenced so many millions. No sooner were his sermons delivered than they were reproduced by the press in all English-speaking lands, while in many instances translations were made into numerous foreign tongues. The clear thought, the crisp ! epigrammatie'expression, the sparkle, the freshness, the/.-hrillianee, the originality of these sermons charmed their readers. Amid the Ice-bound wilds of Taalbrttdor; Tunder the "burning heat of Bengal, on -the dreary steppes of Russia, among the mountains of Switzerland, in the slums of densely crowded cities, and' In the depths of the Australian hush, everywhere have these s:rmon6 found eager readers. Among men of the most divergent creeds and' of no: creed at Fall, s6pur- geon's name has long been : ankbtise- hold word and more than "any other man of our time he had advanced those things that make for righteousness. But the work of preparing and preach- ing sermons of such perennial fresh ness and power by no means exhausted this man. He wasa most voluminous writer. Two secretaries were con stantly engaged in writing at his dic tation or in copying and correcting his writings for the press. . One print ing press . was "always employed in aji'-jxilintf— ' . woriih — jfpmriftav and president" of tke.'Stockwell Orphanage, Homes where 500 waifs and strays from English cities were clothed and fed and taught ; as President and Preceptor of the Pas tor's College where 800 men have been trained for the Ministry ; as a leader in any pliilantropliic enter prise this many-sided man was always at his work. With a good physique, with a magnificent voice, bell-like in its clearness, with an innate capacity for organization, with great powers of endurance, Spurgeon was a born leader of men. His universal sym pathies, his practical aims, his genial humor, and his unfailing courage, partly explain the magnetic power by which he attracted the thousands to himself. Spurgeon was a man of strong convictions,; doubt and un certainty were utterly foreign to his nature, and these convictions he was prepared to uphold St all. costs. He was no mere hireling talker, uttering hackneyed platitudes, but an earnest speaker, who had a message to his times. Shams he hated with intense scorn, byproeisy and cant of all sorts he heartily despised, and with burn ing scathing words he denounced all forms of cruelty and uneleanness. A man whose life-force was great, who spoke from a heart all aglow with sympathy for his fellows, was sure to gain a hearing. He has lived and spoken, and the world is all the purer and happier for his message. Now that his voice is hushed in death, now that the work of the busy brain and active baud is ended, now that his body lies in statein the Tabernacle where for so many years he preached to men, all ranks aud classes of men vie with one another in showing the honor and respect in which they held Charles Haddon Spurgeon, the most popular and forcefiil preacher nf tlic ninetoenth The influenza plague is still rampant in Europe. Its ravages are not con fined to any special localities, but all classes aud ranks in all situations have felt its dread power. The severity and gloom of a northern winter have been accentuated by the prevalent sickness and numerous deaths. In climates so diverse as Egypt and England influenza has claimed its victims, and the Khedive and the presumptive heir to the British throne have alike succumbed to its attack. It is no wonder that medical scientists are using their utmost endeavors to find out the causes of the plague, and a recent cablegram informs us that the Eng lish House of Commons has appointed a Royal Commission to thoroughly examine the whole question. The labors of this Commission will be at tentively watched by all the nations of the globe, since in every land the plague lias raged with, greater or lesser virulence. The Commission will be called on to investigate the whole germ theory, and probably will make some pronouncement on the subject. Of late years the whole trend of a large section of medical science Las been in the direction of rnicroscopial study of the minute .organisms that, all invisible to the naked eye, abound in inconceivable myriads in the air around us. That such micro-organisms exist, Tyndall, the great physicist, has placed beyond all doubt by his many ingenious ex periments, which showed that putre faction only set in when the object of his experiments was exposed to the air. In perfectly dustless air, fruits and animal matter can he preserved for months without a trace of corrup tion. The unwearied, careful inves tigations of Pasteur and Koch estab lish the same conclusions as that reached by Tyndall, that the air is filled with very minute organisms that will develop with alarming rapidity as soon as the conditions favorable for their growth are found. The general names of bacteria and baeilla have been given to these exceedingly tiny germs; Their vi tality is something surprising. They may adhere to dissiccated matter for years and then develop., with -deadly power- They will survive at very low temperatures, but are generally killed by water at boiling point. , . The blood of any healthy person is perfectly free from bacteria, and though these organisms exist in large numbers in a free state in ihe airI(Jjironnd us, "they may be inhaled without danger, except in a depressed-unhealthy state of the physical systein. Should then any person who is slightly indisposed; breathe in part of a bacterial, rnond, the tiny bacilli fasten npon the abnor mally weakened .spot, and multiplying ; with well-nigh incredible.. rapidity, bring about an. attack pf ooneumption, typhoid hi- inflaenza,rv'>8b.-Jar <u6st scientists are sgtepd. <£«h|«£QU)t further experiments are being made .accepting Darwin's generalisation that the weaker races' inevitably succumb to the stronger, , it has been the aim of most bacteriologists to discover and employ the strong bacilli that they may play ' off against the weaker. In )a jnumber of cases Pasteur has been eminently successful. Though not yet fully successful, Dr. Koch is appa- rently-on the track of an "antidote to the terrible barillas of consumption.. In our own colony the ' germs - of ty phoid have , been isolated and it is affirmed that a remedy has been found and recent telegrams assure us that- the influenza bacillus has beenisolatep and described. Should this prove true, the conditions that predispose any person to an attack may soon be ascertained, and possibly a remedy be eventually descried. That were a consummation devoutly to be wished. So not only by the medical profession, bnt by all classes, will the reports of the proceedings of the Hoyal Commis sion on Influenza be followed with the deepest interest. The Teeasckv. — Mr. John Als-xander, who has boon actinq as Rec-iver and Paymaster sine: Mr. H. S. Sabine's transfer to IV ilhalla, leaves Kerang to day, returning lo Treasury Department at Melbourne, Mr. James It. G altos from Ab— AVwrnx, Wgomjne Jig®., appointed permanently to the position In this distiiet. New Seegeaxt Major. — Sergeant Maj -l- Fraser, la e color sergeant lsl Battalion of ihe Worcester Regiment, has been appointed to the permanent st iff of the Yieloriin Military Forces, an - took charge of K Company from the 6th Feb ruary, 1892. Cricket. — O-i Salnrday next tho Capn- lets journey to Lake Charm to meet the locals, wh--ii I bey will ba rep esi-nt-.-d by : — O'Neiil, llosking, Aiiken, Lillie, Herd- man (2), Manning (2), Stewart (2), "Wood, M'Cormnck, Avard and Sm dley. Lake Charm team — Scriven, teer, Marks, Holms (3), Murrovrood, Copland, Patcliell, Doyle and Fry. Beserve — M'Curdy, Hiekey. Any of the Capnlets unable to proceed ate requested to inform the secre tary at onee. The M'Coll Banquet. — Applications for tickets for the banquet to be given to Mr. J. H. M Coll, M.L.A., have, we learn, exceeded all expectations by his friends and supporters and thu affair promises to be the largest and uiost successful gathering of the land hitiierto taken place, in this district. The Hons. J. Bell and D. Coutts, M's.L.C-, Mess-s. Deakin, Dow, Gordon, Methven, Taverner, Ander son, Trentvith aod other members of the Assembly have promised to be present. The only place in Kerang, tho Orderly Booms, capable of supplying suitable ac- coin mo lotion, have been secured li.y the committee for the occasion, and all de sirous of obtaining tickets should do so before Friday next, in order to a low the committee to make final arrangements. They can he obtained from the hon. see., or any member of c immifee. Presentation. — List evening a num ber of the meiubeis of ihe K Company of Victorian Rangers met at the Cumin -r- cial Hotel for the purpose of saying good bye lo ex-Sargeaut- Major Gusslriy, woo for some time pa«t lias been in charge of the Kerang detaehmr-nt of the above company, and took the opportunity of presenting him with a beautiml double gold albert and locket as a small token of the esteem in which he was held by the members. Surgeon-Major Stoker occu- tatiop'- ' liieutenmts ""iTaviS O'Brien spoke in very complimentary terms of the guest of the evening, and expressed their thorough appreciation of the services he had n-ndered to 'lie Com pany from its inception. The health - f Mr. Gos-tray was drank with musical h mors, after which he thanked the donors for their valuable present unl g-od wishes for his future happiness, and the m e ing dispersed. The Kf.eaxs Water Supply. — There appears to I'e rome gross misinan -geiuent in thie department. From about 9o'cb>ck on Sunday jevening up to near midnight there was not a drop of wa: or to be obtained in the service pipes, and now that so many tanks have run dry owiug to the long period parre l through without rain more people than usual have beer, compelled to draw their supplies from the pipes, consequently the greatest care shoul I be taken to keep up a constant supply. The printing of tins paper was delayed several hours for the want of water to keep up a supply of steam on t he past two nights of issue. Independent of this great inconvenience, the risk, sliou'd a' fire "break out, is considerably in creased, and our fire brigade would be almost powerless to render assistance. Should the Insurance Companies become aware of the unsatisfactory- condition of of onr water supply there is no doubt they would increase the rate charged, and reduce the amount given on risks. We think that daring the summer there should be an extra engmedrirer engaged when a supply could be kept up night and day, otherwise the present tank should be enlarged and a spare one erected, which could be kept full, in reserve for cases of emergency, such as fire or an accident to the machinery. Marquis Hill Irrigation Trust: — a meeting of the above trust took place last evening, at which Cmr. G. Taverner was elected chairman for lbs ensuing twelve months. The tenders of Mr. G. Flood -were accepted as follows ; — New decking for culverts, £5 16s ; wrought iron pipe subways, £25 7s each ; earthenware pipe subways, £15 18s 4d. Accounts tvtre passed to the amount of £17 lis 7d. It was decided to construct the fluming required by Mr. J. M'Curdy, provided the cost not exceed £50. A lot- of depart ments! correspondence was received an-i dealt with, and the engineer was instruc ted to report on some b-itlges compliiir-d of as bring o-it of order by the shire engineer. Messrs. J. and B. Gray's app'ication to be supplied wirh tvatc-r for stock purposes was receive 1, and are to be informe 1 that a supply will be given so. soon as same is available. Mr. L. Grant's application for cheque for balance due on his contract at headworks was referred to engineer for Teport. The treasurer (Mr. J. F. .Mullen) reported that the tenet's general - account is over drawn £1825 3s. 5d. ; cont; actors' de posit -account has a credit balance of £11 18s., the sum of £2 XOs. baring been credited since last teport. Revenue ac count has a" firedit balance of Is. 6d. Received, and the meeting adjourned. Case of Assault. — John Dillon, who is working at the Macorna channel for - Messrs. Beilly Bros., was y osier- 'ay ar rested by Constable 3iidgeon;aai "informa tion sworn by Chris. Hanson for assault, and will be bronght before the court ' to- Aay. , It appears -that there was some 'misunderstanding --as -to' .a .sub -contract, . and'besides what ib called a " shanty" on the : works helped to increase . the dispute berween the parties. ' ;v Received"; —i JBfe" Blustrated Syduey News, with its nsuel ' Jirst-class .illnstnt- , Tbe Bangeils. — Tbe local detachment of Bangers will parade this evening at 8 o'clock for drill under Sergeant-Major Fraser, the newly-appointed drill instruc tor of K company. Commissioner for taking Affidavits. —Mr Will Blacklow, actingClerk of Petty Sessions, Chief Clc-k of Insolvency Court and registrar of County Court, etc., has been appointed a commissioner of the Supremo Oourt of Victoria for taking affidavits. Baptismal Service. — On last Sunday afternoon tan open-air service was held on tne banks o« the Murray at Koondrook, and at tbe conclusion of the service five persons were immersed in tbe rive by the Be . F. J. Wilkin. There was a very 1 trgc -attendance aud the ordinance was mo-t solemn and impressive. Kerang Turf Club. — The programme of the annual meeting, which takes place on the 9th March, will be found in our advertising columns. Such liberal prizes should draw large entries. Nominations for all handicaps close next Saturday, aud the night of general entry is March 5th, at 8 p.m. In Memoriah Service. — Last Sunday evening an In Memoriam Service with reference to the death oE the Bev. C. H. i Spurgeon was li"ld in the local Baptist ' Church. The s'-rmon was preached by the Bev. F. J. Wilkin, who took for his text the wo-ds "He was a good mm, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith, aud mui-h peoole was added to the Lord." He spoke of Spurgeon as a in in, as a believer onA aH n u Iiriaf .jiliQtek of ihe great preacher's life, opinions and work. The church was draped in black, and at the close of the sermon the choir sang the Dead March in Saul. Fires in the Mallee. — Now that the mallee country is being settled, the risk and damage to be caused bj fire is very much greater than heretofore, and many of the now setiierB have not the remotest idea of the amount of damage that can be wrought by a little carelessness on Ibeir part. We would, therefore, warn such persons to be very careful in the use oT fire, and to desist from burning off until the winter season sets in, otherwise the whole malice country may be devastated. For the past formight a fire has been burning oa Mr. Looseniore's mallee allot ment at Meran, burning off ma lee that has been rolled down, and on Friday last an allotment belonging to Mr. D. G. Rattray, and adjoining Mr. Loosemore's, was discovered to be ou fire, ani burning with such fury that on SuDday the de stroying element reached the next allnt- men\ which is owned by Mr. J. Butler, and with the high wind that was blowing at tbe time threatened destruction for miles. Two parties, of 30 and 20 willing neighbors and friends were formed, Mr. Jas. Boban taking charge of the former, and Mr. Jas. Connelly the latter, who at once went to the scene of the fire, and by hard work were enabled during the night by lighting trails, and beating out one side, and allowing the other side to meet tbe original fire, to get it under control. However, great care must still be exer cised to prevent a fresh outbreak, which may occur at any time. All those who assisted deserve great praise for their efforts to sub lue tho fire. Educational. — In onr advertising columns will be found a notice from Miss M'Go'lotigh that she has added to the previous branches taught by her that ot drawing and French, and we commend her to the patronage of parents and adults wishing to attain these a eoinp'ishnients. Adult classes era be arranged for. Miss M'CoIlongli lias engaged a competent assistant, which will enable her to extend iter courses of instruction. \- nr.... jminii jdonus. — It is the inten tion of ihe Dairyiin-n's Associati- n of Victoria, states the " Argus," to make an effort to have tbe present honns on ex ported butler gradually withdrawn, in stead nf bring broug'it to a sudden ter mination as proposed It is considered that a bonus of 2d. per Ib. should be paid 'luring the season 1892-3, and Id. per Jb. during 1893-4, when the payment of bonuses would cease. Proprietors of fac tories and creameries erected in 1891, but not open in time to claim t e bonus, also consider that some provision ought to be made for thera in the shape of an exten sion of tbe bonus system in order to pro vide for these new factories. Both of these qu-'Siions are to be considered at a conference of d irymen convened by the asso iatioo, to be held in the Bull and Month Hotel, Bourke-street, on the 17tb inst. Next day the resolutions arrived at by tbe conference will be presented to Mr. Graham by a deputation. The conference will also discuss th ; proposal to hold a butter show in Melbourne io November next, with the view of deciding whether the scope of the Exhibition should not be widened so as to incluie hams, bacon, honey, preserved and dried fruits, eggs, vegetables, etc. 