BUDDHISM—THE STATE RELIGION OF CEYLON. ? [BY \V. ROBY FLETCHEE, M.A.] INo. 1.—INTRODUCTORY. I intend in a short series of papers to Rive a brief sketch of Buddhism, with illustrations gathered chiefly from Oeylon. Some four or five years ago I treated the same subject from the standpoint of a traveller in India. I had not then been favoured with the opportunity of seeing the famous historic remains m the remote interior of Oeylon. I had not penetrated further than Kandy, where the visitor looks with amused wonder rather than intelligent sympathy, upon the fantastic and noisy oddities of the worship of the saeted tooth of Bnddha. Buddhism is an Indian religion, bat it exists no longer in India. It is a banished creed. Orthodox Brahminism crushed it out of all recognition 900 years ago. If it will be understood it must be studied where it still lives and still moulds the lives of men. One may get information about a man's form and physical atruoture from piecing together the bones dug up from cemetery vaults, but such relios are powerless to tell us what his smile was like, or whether lie was ever angiy, or what opinion he held on everyday themes. Moreover, Buddhism is a fashionable etudv in these days. It has secured a graceful and gifted poet in the person of Sir Edwin Arnold. It has migrated into Europe and America. It has settled itself as a visitor •rho says he means to stay, among the drawingrooms of New York and London. It has even come to these colonies. It professes to be a claimant for the religious faith and reverenoe of practical Australians. It has taken to itself a modern philosophical dress, and aims at proving itself the grand eclectic system of the world tind the true mediator between theism and atheism, between materialism and faith, between Ghnatianity and all other forms of religions thought. Buddhism is therefore among the current forces of to-day, and whatever w ill assist in making its origin and history more intelligible is of some worth. I do not pretend in any sense to be an original thinker on these and kindred schemes. I am not a Pali or a Sanscrit scholar. I am, like my readenr, a searcher after truth, and if I can either give or receive help in this search by . writing these papers I shall be content. Before, 'however, touching upon more abstruse themes * I will try to introduce my readers to the bland of Ceylon, which is the ecclesiastioal centre of southern Buddhism, and its capital city, Colombo. " CETLOK'S ISLE." Colombo, the capital of Ceylon, has come into the possession of a curious heritage of privilege. The development of modem travel has made it the "Chatham Junction" of the world. Into »o port is there .such a constant influx of passenger steamers as that which flows through the harbour of this upstart city. Thousands ot people from every country under the sun land there every wsek, and after a few hours, or at most two or three days on shore, go on their way to England or China, to Australia or India. The recollections that they carry away with them are mostly of having had a peep at a delicious dreamland, where the floral beauty of the world is at its finest, and where Oriental quaintness runs riot. If a traveller from Australia has the good fortune to catch his first sight of Ceylon when the weather'is fine he will never forget it. It looks, even from the deck of a steamer, a veritable Paradise,^ with its rich lowlands backed by a range of lofty mountains. The fringe of shore line isadorned with millions of palm-trees, which suggest a steamy, lazy climate, but the peaks bnyond, whioh mingle with the clouds, promise a cooler region, where perhaps even a roaring fire may be welcomed. Among these peaks, rising like a mighty spire into the mists, is to be Been one named after our great forefather, "Adam'sPeak,"and this reminds us atonoe that Ceylon has been deemed so fair that it has been thought worthy of being the original Paradise which was "planted eastward in Eden." If ecepticism should suggest that Adam bad not learned the art of boatbuilding, and BO oould not have Bent his children thenoe to people the rest of the world, tradition will remind UB how the chain of islets whioh oonneot Ceylon with India is still called " Adam's Bridge," and will insist upon it that no country in all the world nan oompete with this one for Edenlike lovelinen and suitable beauty. Most of the thousands of visitors see nothing t>f Oeylon except the streets and gardens of Colombo. They land, look in at the " Grand Oriental," get a carriage and drive round the cinamon gardens, lose their temper over the beggars and curiositymongers, take refuge for an hour in the Museum, then, getting into the train, go and lunch at Mount Lavi&ia;, and return to choir quarters on board ship ready to set sail next day. Others may prefer to visit the native quarters, and have a peep at the venerable old Dutch Churches, or the Hindoo temple, or the quaint house of Buddhist worship, or perhaps may seek to learn something of the missionary work which is being oarried on in this busy city. If the steamer be delayed for two days then an opportunity is given for a trip up into trie higher lands to the mediaeval historic city of Kandy, famous at once for its exquisite scenery, its Botanical Gardens, and as containing the temple where is enshrined the most famous Buddhist reiic in the whole world—the eye tooth of Gautama Buddha himself. A LAND Oi % BOMASCK. Few travellers are aware how much more than ali this there is to be seen-in Ceylon, that for those who will go further afield there are in store wild gorges, magnificent waterfall?, strange rod: temples, immenEe irrigation worke. and the ruins of two cities, one of which was as large as London, and the other not much Bmaller. The hillsides are covered with tea estates, the gardens are adorned with chincona and cocoa-trees, the jungle is one mass of floral splendor and alive with novel forms of animal life and vooal with novel cries. Every hilltop has its legend, every valley can tell its story of stirring historic events, every grove has itB traditions of . uncanny ghosts or kindly spirits. Its smaller oaves have been people with .monks of the yellow robe, its caverns turned into bouses of worship, and its rocky peaks have been sanctified by fantastio but very holy events which olaim the enthusiastic reverence and affection of thousands of pilgrimt It is in very deed the land of romance Hmdoos, Mohammedan?, and Buddhists all look npon it as the home of their quaintest traditions—a place which either charms them foeoause of itB celestial beauty, or appals them beoanseit is haunted by devils. It was the home of the monster Bavanna, where he imprisoned the chaste and beautiful Sita. It was the site of the great battles of Rama and Hamuman as they went in search of that banished queen. It was sanctified by primeval worship on its high places long before history tdls us any tales. It iB still for a Urge portion of the human race the legendary seat of the lost Paradise of our first parents, and, by a curious and natural coincidence it is still thought to be haunted by the prince of the air and his subservient ghosts, and is therefore deemed a land of terrible dangers. When 'I was in the north of India I had many curious illustrations of the Btrange reputation that attaches to Ceylon. I had been reading in the Ramayana the adventures of Rama and Sita, and in a freak of inquisitive mischief I taid to a village schoolmaster one day. "TeK these children that I have been to Lanka, where Uavanna lived." He smiled, and interpreted my remark. It was received by most with absolute incredulity. They thought I was making sport of them. They could not believe that I oould have actually been to that delicious land of uncannineas, and have come away without having had my head cut off. It was true I was sitting there before them in the flech, and they evidently thought there was a mistake somewhere, or else that Z was bewitched, and so was proof against all the wiles of the devil. The people in Southern India have long got over this unreasoning awe, and pass and repass from the mainland to the island in a constant stream. In fact Ceylon has been a favourite hunting-eround for Tamil adventureis for the last 1,^00 years, and large part of the present population rofess the religion and sneak the 8raguage. not of Ceylon but of India. The real defects of the Cingalese t> po of character are by no means of the awful demonic sort which they bear in ancient legends. The people are of a mild order, and have never been able to hold their own against the successive invasions of stronger races, which have pourei into their tempting country. Temples to Siva, the Hindu deity, ate thus to be seen ride by side with temples to Buddha, and Adam's Peak, the most famous of the sacred sites in the island, is visited by crowds of pilgrims who follow the rival standards of Mohammed, of Brahma, and of Gautama, each claiming a right to the exclusive [Kissession of its holy features. GENERAL FLCBVEV. Before attempting to describe in detail any of the notable places in Ceylon it will be well to take a general survey of the island.. It is about the size of Ireland or of Tasmania, but in shape it is like a pear. As it is famous for 'its pearl fisheries it has naturally been comred to a "pearl pendent on the ear of K dia." It is very mountainous in the Houthern or thicker half, but the northern part is an undulating jungle plain, where all the twelve months of the year vie with each other U to whioh is the hottest. The mountain region is very grand, abounding in rugged bmnty, a land of cascades and dells and forests and caves. The air is cool and bracing, and ofttimej the visitor will imagine himself back in Scotland or Switzerland as he coines home to his hotel or his bungalow, drenched (rith mist, and glad to pile on the logs to make the blaze crackle up the chimney of an ample fireplace. The rainfall on the mountains is abundant, and falls more or less all the year through, though at the time when the southwest monsoon bursts it reaches a maximum. These uplands, which are thus drenched with squalls, are the home of the tea and ooffee • plants,'to which they took trindty on their first ntroduction, and are a favourite refuge for European residents when wearied of the moist monotonous climate of the lowlands. A railway now winds its way up past Kandy almost to Nucrra-Eliya, and there, more than (>,000 feet above the sea, is to be found a cluster of English homes and English gardens, with familiar fruit- trees and homely vegetables in abundance and English children playing about, gathering roses into their cheeks as well as in their hands. THE MAHAWANSO. The history of Ceylon is very tangled, but is intensely interesting. Unlike India, this little island has a reliable story to tell of inauy changes and terrible straggles. The Hindoos eeem to be utterly devoid of the true historio faculty, and confound all ancient dates in a kaleidoscopic haze. They have n > sense of the perspective of events in time. It is not so, however, with the people of Ceylon. Like the ancient Hebrews the Kings of Ceylon had their State Chroniclers, and each succeeding editor added his chapter of contemporary history. Thus the story of the ups and downs of politics kept growing like one.of the native palm-trees, each age being built, upon that which went before it. This wonderful chronicle is very old, but its discovery is quite modern. The writing was executed, like all the sacred books, on long strips of palm leaves or thin plates of metal, strung together by a cord. It was in the Pali language, which is akin to Sanscrit, but was unknown to modern scholars. It was suspected that vast treasures of literature were concealed in those curious volumes, but no one had turned up who had either the learning or the patience, or both, to raise those dead writings into the living vocal present. But at last the man appeared who was wanted. He was an English Civil servant, whose name was Tumour, and he was in charge of the Adam's Peak district about sixty years ago, that is in 182G. He was fired with inquisitiveness to explore this unknown mine of literary wealth. He bad a -hard battle to fight, for he was a pioneer. He tells us that the work was so utterly neglected and forgotten that he never met with, one man who had ever read, much less studied it. He ; jublished a translation of part of it in 1S37 in ' Colombo, but the learned world thought , he was acting the part of Chatterton and befooling them. His book won its way, however, and is now counted among the trophies of the world's literary heroes. It is called the " Mahawanso, or the Genealogy of the Great,'' and begins the history of Ceylon in B.C. 511, when Buddha was alive in India, but long before he had been heard of in other lands; when the Jews were smarting under the captivity, when Rome was a small village, and when old England was nowhere. Tumour died before he had finished more than half his task, but the Government of Ceylon haB had it completed, and the entire work was published in 18S9. HISTOBIC ODDITIES. From this history we learn some very curious and most unexpected things. In it we read how Ceylon was first conquered by the Cingalese; bow they founded a great -city, which -was -called the " pura" or capital of Anuradba the Prince; how there came missionaries from. India preaching the doctrines of Buddha; how the.King and the people were converted; how diverse and great wonders were wrought; how the great -oity giew and grew and Became more and more holy; how mighty "dagobas" were bmlt there, rivalling in size the Pyramids of Egypt; how temples and palaces and monas tries and sacred lakeB were constructed; and last, but not least, how. there were brought to Ceylon in a fashion wonderful to narrate two treasures worth mere than all the gemsunderneath Adam's Peak, or all the peiarls in a million ovster-shells—the one was the eye-tooth of the Great Buddha himself, and the other a branch of the sacred Bo-tree in India, sitting under which Gautama the man became Buddha the sublime. This tooth is the palladium of all glory, sacred and political, and is deemed by the credulous to be the same that now resjs in its jewelled casket in Kandy. This tree, venerable, gnarled and twisted, but petted, bedizened, and fed with-milk, flourishes to-day green and beautiful amid the ruins of the on se mighty City of Anuradha—the oldest historic tree in the whole world; the centre of southern Buddhism. Of these singular treasures I shall have more to say in future papers. THE STATE BELIGIOK Or CKrLON. It is my intention in these sketches to speak more especially of the religions of Ceylon, or rather to describe some of the scenes and places in the island from the standpoint of une whose interest m the new and unoxpectoJ forms of worship that OUR meets with there, has been sharpened by sympathy and reading and also by noting the" heroio efforts of missionary brethren to bring among thes; dreamy inlanders the more solid blessings of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. The religion of Ceylon is Buddhism. The adherents of other forms of faith are to be found there, but they are all "dissenters" as it were from the established creed. Even in the streets of Colombo the yellow- robed Buddhist inonk may be met at early morning, as he goes from house to house begging for his daiiy dole of lice, which he puts into a great coarse bowl which he carries under his dress. Convents of Buch monks are scattered all over fits island, sheltered in the queerest and most u lexpected nooks among the rocks, or hidden in the deep glades of the jungle. Some of these monks are mere youths, and many of them are deplorably ignorant, but there are knots of learned devotees here and there who pride themselves on their libraries, and deem themselves the leaders of a faith which tbey believe is destined to convert the whole world, and even to eclipse the milder glories of Christianity. At Kandy is what may be called the Cathedral of Buddhism, but just as London outweighs Canterbury in ecclesiastical England, so Colombo is undermining the sacred authority of the mountain city, and is drawing its social influences to a new tentre. At Kandy is the great shrine of the Dalaga, where day by day, to the found of tom-toms and horns, the saints are called upon to bring their floral offerings to l.uddha. ' At the extreme summit of Adam's 1 eak is a footprint of Buddha himself, which, like the eaertd tooth, commands all the more ervent devotion because huge enough to have fitted the person of a giant some 30 or 40 ft. high. On the rock of Mihintale is a venerated cluster of shrines which, like the ruins of lona in Scotland, are sacred because they have to do with the early dawnings of the religious history of the Cingalese. In a rocky cave which few ever visit it is said that a Buddhist Saint, like St. Jercme in the cave of Bethlehem, translated the story of Buddha into the language of the people, and filled three " pitakas" or baskets with the sacred fragments of his teachings. While at Anaradhapura exists, as I have already said, the venerable old tree, which quivers incessantly with nervous agitation over the honDurable destiny that has been assigned it. TOLERATION. Nowhere in the world can the inquisitive enquirer find a better or a purer form of Buddhism than in Ceylon, and nowhere can he so easily gain access to its ceremonies and its kindly priests. Buddhism, unlike Hinduism, is not an exclusive religion. In a mild way it invites attention. It aims at expansion. It does not close the door upon strangers a* unwelcome intruders. In India the temples would all be tliut close against the polluting approach of an infidel outcast Christian if the Brahmins could but have their will. In the native State of Travancore, where the Brahmins are all-powerful, there is not a single temple which a white man can enter without raieing a riot and evoking a ruinously expensive.process to wash away the defilement. In Buddhist countries this, however, is not so. When in Sifckim I stood by the altar while the devotees set their praying wheels revolving, and I even induced the wife of a priest to make a praying flag for me. 1 was invited to see all I could of the tiny temples on the hills near Daijiling, and in Ceylon I found the eame freedom of access. The monks had no hesitation in showing me their sbrineB and their treasures, they even allowed me to penetrate into the dark dens hollowed out of the rocks in which they slept; they were delighted to draw forth their precious silver and copper books from their hiding-places; they would gather fresh cocoanuts for us from the overhanging palmtrees as we sat on the steps of a shrine, and I even brought away with me as a trophy a yellow robe which a young priest gave me, and also a begging bowl, both made sacred and dirty by much usaeo. What they u ould not do was to allow me to see the actual "tooth" itself, or pluck for me a leaf from a holy Bo-tree. The spirit of Brahminism is a proud exclusivi-ness : the spirit of Buddhism is kindly brotherliness. Brahminism has no hand of mercy or even of recognition toextend tor.uy outsider. Buddhism is pervaded by a great pity for the woes of humanity, and, in its own cold and joyless fashion, tries to offer a gospel of comfort to all mankind. Though clothed in extraordinary garments of fantastic nonsense it is much nearer to tlio religion of Christ than its rival in the temples of India, simply becaufo it is a missionary religion. Its message is, however, of such a character that a Western mind finds much difficulty in understanding it, and still more in behoving and welcoming it. It is a religion whos-e p <l is an impel.-unnl law, who.-o prophet is asleep, and iv!io.-c .'.l-.h hi is n :;;jd joylits nnconsciou^n'-ss. Tn such a n iit-i-m true pcnitrm-<; 1ms no nla -". tui;>iver.; ss i; neither asLfd for nor tk- iii«i!, j>ray;r_is !>.r.•> vain repetition r.f charms', sail -f it" iatvV. tof.c< kitsr-xtinr-tion iu asluinlii-r ID v. i:n h I • ran iR Vtr be a::y ov.-akraii-g dawn. I f tv-i he »r.y rosritiblarce ln-tviien Christianity n;. ! Buddhism it is only Mi.it-ifi'-ir.l. (ur t!:r< !'•<••• systems sre radically antagonistic -ind as ivr that modem religion of which we have heard so much of late, called Theosophy, it is not Buddhism in any proper sense of the term. It is an ecclectic atheism which is opposed in spirit both to the teachings of Buddha and Btill more of Christ. It tries ta make an ally of t he former system, but againstChnstianity it declares irreconcilable war. Christianity stands opposed to both in being a religion of life, not of death, based upon faith in a living, saving, redeeming God, not upon the cold hope of escaping the due rewards of our deeds by losing our sense of personality in an endless sleep. 