CAT SUPERSTITIONS. Girt around with fear and mystery and subtle associations of evil, tho est comes down to ns through the centuries ; and from every land fresh traditions of soroery olaim it for their own. In Brittany is still whispered the dreadful tale of the cats that danced with eaorilegionB glee around the crucifix nntil their king wss killed ; and in Sioily men know that if a black cat Berve seven masters in tnm he carries the aoal of the seventh into hell. In Russia black cats becomo devils st "the end of seven years, and in southern Europe they aro merely serving their apprenticeship as witches. . Norwegian -folk-lore is rich in ghastly stories like that of the wea'thy miller whose mill has been twice burned down on Whitsna night, and- for whom a travelling tailor offara to keep watch. Teo tailcr chalks a circle on the floor, writes the Lord's Prayer around it, and waits until midnight, when a troop cf cat3 ru8n in ana neng a great pot 01 pi ca over the fireplace. Again and again they try to overturn this pitoh, but every lime the tailor fright9ne them away ; and when their leader endewonrs stealthily to draw him ont side of his znagio oirele,-he outs off her paw with his knife. Then they all fly howling into the night, and the next morning the miller sees with joy hi mill standing whole and unharmed. But tho miller's wife oowsre under the bsdcl thes, offering her left hand to the tailor, and hiding as best she con ho:; right arm's bleeding stamp. For my pert, I coneider this the best oat story in all liters tare, fell of suggesiivcncBa and terror, yat picturesque withal, and leav ing ample room in tire mind for speealatioa. Why W36 not the heir- apparent bidden to tho royal funeral ? Was there a disputed suc cession, and how are such points settled in tho mysterioas domiin of oat-lj.nd ? The notion that these animal gather in ghost-haunted ohnrohes and oastles ;for their nocturnal revels is one common to all parts of Europe. Wo remember how the little maiden of the Mountain Idyl oonfides to Heino that the innocent-looking oat in the ohimney-oerner is really a witoh, aud that at midnight, wlrea the storm is high, she steals away to the rained kesp, where the spirits of the dead wait spellbound for the word that Bhall waken them. In all ?oens3 of impish revelry est play a prominent part, although occasionally, by virtus of their dual natures, they serve as barriers against the powers of evil. There ia the fine bit of Italian folk-lore about tho servant maid who, with mo othar protector than a black cat, ventures to dis- turb a procession of ghosts on the dreadful Night of the Dead. ' It is wall for yon that the cat lies m yonr arnoa,' the angry spirit says to her ; « otherwise what I am yon also would D9/ T The last pale reflsx of a universal tra- dition I found , two years ago in London, where tha bad bshavionr of tha Westminster 7rnfl-Vei? y -tbo m9a!: dissolute and a?f Pr5d'8at0 specimens of their race— has givea rise tq the 0J q country hence whither there ri k'th cnizMttJUM retire for nights of gay festivity, rrrVi nnnn vahnrn it a nnuuuw aviiiiu tu WV» jaded, repentant, and forlorn.— Agnes her, in the Atlantis Monthly. 