'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE: THIS QUESTION?' ??'' - Aoir, irliicJi in Uie looritc — to Itaoc no appetite ^or your dinutr, or to haveitC dinner for your Tb^re are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When 'good digestion traits on appetite and health on both,' Uiat is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of as are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appe tite without enough to Satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that,' within reason able limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the star vation line, a hungry man is a healthy vnan ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesa't feel hike eating, stands in ueed of 'altera- tions and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer £ays, 'I was afraid to eat.' Did be fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, bo that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; tlie palate, to pot it in that way, appeared to have nothing to -say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My lon^oe was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur around it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I bad eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather bo it felt like a Wl in iny throat, and act as if it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these drcum etances oar friend failed to do justice to his meale. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation ' at bis heart, as thongh it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with epasm^ ihe agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded' he says, **the thought of eat ing, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. n ' After a time I got into a- low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose s good deal of sleep.' What he means by the fear of ' something going to happen ' is, ot coarse, the fear of some calamity snch as the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or the death of some body dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood -the life bearer), hie unstrung nerves. And \e\ the 1 train enfepblwl hvJack of nonrish ment. The night of this form of illness is always fall of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. ' With great difficulty,' be says, 'I stunk to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I straggled on, but what I suffered for over two years ta past my powers of description. / am evre no one hag offered *o much a* I hare done.' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One s one pain is one s own, and is always harder to bear than is one'« notion of bis neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him be chanced to read in a book of a case exact 'y tfte his 01m having been cured fay Mother Seigel's Syrup. ' My wife,' he says, 'got me a bottle at Mr. LangstafTs, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and. has never returned since that fortunate day, I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven vcars. (Signed) *' Geoebe Hcvr, 'Car Bottom Road, *' Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We pablisii this by Mr. Hunts desire, in order that part of the worid at least may know how thankful he is and for what Our Wiuton correspondent in his letter published in this issue, mentions an accident that hefel a young man named Wells, at Fermoy Station. The following paragraph from the Wiuton Htrald give? the details of the occurrence : — A shocking acctdeut occurred at Feruioy on Sunday last to a young man named Wells, about nineteen years of age. Wells luifl been eiij*a.ged in fencing, along with his brother, and early on Sunday mom in» went out fhootinp. when the *:un burst, suaiu-rit-g his left hand. Mr. Macdonald, of accident became know u, and started the in jured 111U.U in .I buegj' to \\\ arrnamltool station biluc reached the same eveniu^. Unfortunately Mr. C. R Fisher, tlie manager, Iki'1 all liis horses tuructl out, and as it would have uken several hours to muster them, he advised tlie driver to proceed lo Wititon, ami hii wouM folio* tm horseback. Mr. Fisher pas***] tlie Imp^y about fifteen miles from town, aiM left word at several w liite he posted into town, arriving abont uoon. and procured buggy horses froui Mr. W. M. Campbell, which were Uiken out as far as Bladensbjrg, w here the buggy was met, and horses exchauped, the injured man, who was suffering terrible agony on account of the heat, reaching town about four o'clock- He was at once taken to the hospital, where Dr. Brown rig£ amputated the hand above the wrist, and it is anticipated Wel]s will recover under careful treatment. 