GENERAL NEWS. S'r. Lukh's Church.— The Vicar will preach a course of sermon, on Sunday mornings, beginning October 9th. (to morrow) on the Reunion of Christendom. ? Shot Hkr Husiiand. — A woman named Summers shot at her husband, William Summers, at Walloon at I o'clock on Wednes day morning with a gun, the bullet passing through the man s head. Hie Commissioner of Police (says the Telegraph) has been advised by Senior-constable Dunn that the police on going to the scene found Summers alive, and had him removed to the Ipswich hospital. Tim wife was arrested at daylight on a charge of shooting with intent to murder. She is said to admit shooting at her husband. The ball .'entered Summer's head at the but of the right ear and came out at the left eye. Lath District Exhiiut. — Messrs. Gregory and Scholefield have favoured us tvirli tli(» miliininnd returns of wool exhibited at the late Brisbane Exhibition, and which was subsequently sold, the proceeds of which have just been handed over to. the secretary of the D. and T. A. and H. Society by Mr. R. W. Scholefield:— Hodgson and Ramsay, Eton Vale, 4 fleeces, 31 lbs., £1 2S. ; James Taylor, -Cecil Plains, 5 fleeces, 36 lbs., £1 $*. 6d. ; Gore and Co., Yandilla, 6 fleeces, 62 lbs., £2 3s. lid. The above were all merino. King & Sons., Gowrie, 2 fleeces Lincoln, 30 lbs., £1 is. 2d. The wool thus realised an average of SU1 all round and a bulk sum of £5 12s. 7d. Ur.lfAM. — The usual monthly meeting of the Geham Presbyterian Church Band of Hope was held on Friday evening last, the Kcv. W. 1 aterson presiding, me meeting was opened by singing a hymn, and after a few remarks from the chairman, the pro-, gramme, as under, was proceeded with arid gone through in a very creditable manner :— . Hymn, ?'Beautiful Home,' Misses Amelia and Charlotte Munro ; song, ' He wipes the tear, from every eye,' Misses A. and Anna Munro; recitation, ' The Woodmouse,' Master Charles 'Munro; reading, 'Fritz and I,' Mr. J. C. Black ; recitation, 'jThe crossing of two sweeps,' Master Tommy Munro j song, ' Only a gleam of Sunshine,' Miss Anna Munro; recitation, ';To-day, my friend, to-day,' Miss Maud Alfordjhymn, ' God is love,' Miss C. Munro; hymn, 'Awake, awake,' Miss 1 horn; reading, 'Rum,' Miss Sheltis; recitation ' Tick tick,' Master Tommy Munro; and reading, ' A warning to women,' Mr. J. Davey. The meeting was brought to a close by, the singing of a hymn. Dancing.— Mr. , ,R. M. Leckie-Pollock, professor of dancings assisted by Mrs. Lcckie-Pollock, is now' prepared to receive pupils at the Masonic 'Hall, -Neil-street. Pupils can be taught privately or in class.' Finishing lessons a ' speciality. ' Apply ' at Mr-,. Hazard's, opposite Temperance Hall, H»srrics-,.treet. No fees in advance. 431 Xmas Race Meeting,— The Toowoomba Turf Club is timeously to the fore with a programme for Xmas. . The .bill of fare compiiscs a two days' meet of 6 races each, which must be acknowledged liberal enough with respect to quantity. The Xmas Handi cap of go sovs. and District Plate of 70 bov;. comprise the big moneys of each day. These arc fairly backed lip by the Vacy Plate and Welter, each of 35 sovs., Maiden Plate, Shorts, Second Selling, and. Nursery of 25 sovs. each, Johnny Gilpin and Farewell of 20 each, ad a couple of unconsidered selling races of ^10 each. Nominations for Shorts, Xmas, Vacy Plate, Nursey, District Plate, Welter, and Farewell handicaps close oil 29th November, while acceptances arc due on 19th December, -which is also the date of general entry. The energetic secre tary, .Mr. Mat Edwards, will beglad to give intending entrants all information. '. Protestant Alliance Sports. — In our business columns will' be' found the extensive programme of 20 events, prepared by the lodges of the Protestant Alliance, for the gth of next month, Prince of Wales Birth day. These will take place in the show grounds of the D. & T. A. & H. Society, which, being well in town, is always a favorite resort. In addition to the usual races for members of both sexes, there will -p nhvsinril flrill rnnrftMr-i- rmnif* mnf(*hr».s waltzing contest, wood-chopping contest, and an obstacle race, of very novel design. Competitors are to race to a tub, divest themselves of boots, place them in the tub, race to a table where a bun apiece will be supplied which must be eaten. The next ordeal is a bottle of lemonade; then to adorn them selves in some comic costume to be fished out of a bag. ? Finally it is required to thread a needle, don the boots again, and race to the tape with the needle and everything correct. All tilings considered, our readers will be likely to agree that there is a chance of lots of fun at the Protestant Alliance sports on the 9th November, Xmas Cards. — This year, as usual, Messrs. J. I-I. Robertson & Co. are to the front with a shipment of Xmas cards. It is only the first shipment, yet it has tranformed a section of the shop into a thing of beauty and a joy — nrt for ever, because the things are too beautiful to remain there long. So far from the card age having departed,- it is evident we arc only just entering it, and that the time is coming, if not already come, when all the resources of art will be devoted to the work of creating these souveuirs each more beautiful than the other. There may be seen every description from the com (paratively) costly hand- painted picture to the tiny little leaflet, thegorgeouslyequippcd device, the splendcd booldet, illuminated scenes like the work of enchantment, cards adding the useful feature of calenders and wall pockets, others in the shape of fans, figures in relief of all kinds, sentimental and comic ; in fact a world of pleasing and beautiful variety designed to suit all 'tastes and in many instances become a permanent and valuable ornament, as well as memento of absent friends. And the prices will be found not the least wonderful part about them — wonderful how they can be made for the money. Muster Parades.— Advantage was taken of the beautiful moonlight nights this week to parade the local troeps through the town and suburbs. On Tuesday there mustered under Staff Captain Hutchison and Sergeant major Price — 1),D.M.I. : Cap.. King, Lieu tenant. Brodie and 9 men ; A Company : Capt. Wilson arid 24 men; E Company : Capt. Graham, Lieutenants Stephens and Gate, and 17 men ; Cadets : Capt. Lee (Grammar 'School), Capt. Joseph (State Schools), Lieutenants Williams, Kennedy, and Walton, and 50 members ; also 13 of the regimental band. The companies paraded through the town to the paddock in Russell street, where' the -Staff Officer put them through several battalion movements in close order. On Thursday those who turned out were D.D.Al.l. : Lieutenant Hrodie and 7 I men; A Company: Captain. Wilson, Lieu- ! tenant Barlow, and 29 men ; E. Company : Capt. Graham, Lieutenants Stephens and Gate, and ? 16 men ; Cadets : Capt. Joseph, Lieutenant Williams, and 45 members. The same movements were gone through at open order, including the attack formation. The troops made a very pleasing impression as they marched along in the bright moonlight to the strains of the excellent band, and jt is stated that the cadets have exhibited extra parades. School Concert.— The very high popu larity which the entertainments prepared by Miss Hirst, of the North Girls' State School, have attained with the public of Too woomba was once more demonstrated in the remarkable success which attended her last concert on Wednesday evening. The Assembly Rooms were crowded to the doors, standing room being above par long before the hour of commencement. So great was the success, indeed, of the undertaking, that a repetition was decided upon and given again last evening to a by no means despi cable business. We fancy the concert as given last evening, viewed from an inflexibly critical standpoint, passed off with greater smoothness than on the first occasion, and our comments upon the programme must there fore be understood to apply to the second production. . It may not be presumptive in the first place to hint at what might in the case of a' professional company be termed a great error. We refer to the evident anxiety to give enough, to be too generous, but — verbum sap. The first number introduced a company of brightly attired infants, each furnished with a doll and simulating all the itus ui an c.\ijuiiu!iuiii uiuiuci. .fin iicuuii song, ' Hush-a-by,' was given by the little ladies with excellent effect, the naive sooth ing motion being accomplished with accuracy as to time and long established methods. Another exhibition of infantile cleverness, a course of pliy.sic.il drill; followed and was considered by some to eclipse every other number in the programme. In quick succession followed a recitation by Mi.ss Alice Barker, ' My awful 'experience with a Whistler,' an action song by the children, 'Sleigh Bells,' both reflecting very great credit upon teachers and pupils. The infants' contribution to the programme con cluded'witha fairy cantata, 'Five o'clock Tea,' admirably chosen and. excellently pro duced. Part II consisted of a musical burlesque 0:1 'Macbeth' in which the cast of characters was as follow: — ' Macbeth,' Miss A. Barker; 'Malcolm,' Miss A. Stephens; ''Duncan,' Miss A Won dcrley ; ' Macduff,' Miss W. Agar ;, ' Banquo, Miss L. Wonderley ; Witches : Miss A. Bain, Miss W. Paling, Miss E. Chccseman. ; ' Ethiopian, ' Miss K. McDonald ; ' Ross'c,' Miss E. Cheeseman ; ' Lady Macbeth. '. Miss . L. Flynn ; Maid, Miss M. Paling. The piece was a trifle ? ambitious for the company but there was much to amuse and admire in the really excellent' efforts of Misses Barker, Wouderleys, and Checsman, In the final sketch also, ' The Coming Woman,' thoic young Misses acquitted themselves wonderfully well, earning frequent applause and richly deserving it. The characters in this' were : 'Mr. Carberry,' Miss A. Barker; 'Mr. Wigfall,' Miss L. Wonderley ; ' Her Honour Judge Wigfall,' Miss W. Agar; 'Mrs. Badger,' Miss L. Flynn; ' Miss Griffin,' Miss A. Wonderley, and ' Miss Victoria Wigfall,' Miss E. Chees man. We believe it is Miss 1-iirst s intention ito give the concert at the Lunatic Asylum this afternoon, and cannot but commend the thoughtful generosity of the project. That lady desires to thank Messrs. Paling and Co. for the use of the excellent piano, and we may. conclude by stating that Sergeant Major Price devoted some time to perfecting the little ones in physical drill. Divj.n'i-: services will be conducted in St. 'Stephen's' Presbyterian Church, Neil-street, by.' the.' Rev. Jas. Crookston, morning and evening,, at the usual hours. Subjects:— Morning: ' A greater than Solomon is here' Evening: Herod Antipas and the Ghost of \- John the Baptist, The Science of Waltzing.— Mr. and Mrs. Leckie-Pollock have opened a dancing class at the ? Masonic Hall. So great a favourite is Mr. Pollock in the metropolis that lie was lately presented by the Mayor of Brisbane with. a tastefully illuminated ad dress which may be seen in the shop window at Messrs. Paling & Co. It sets forth that those who had been members of his class during the season could not Ict-.that occasion pass without expressing regret at the tem porary termination of the professor's connec tion with them. .?' Police Changes.— Mr. ? Inspector John Stuart, who has recently been appointed to the supervision of matters connected with the police forces in the. Moreton and Darling Downs districts, visited Toowoomba yester day morning. The local detachments were put on parade and inspected by their new officer, after which Mr. Inspector Graham addressed the corps, complimenting them in very warm terms For the efficient manner in which their duties had been discharged under his regime, and adverting to the very ami cable relations which . had ever existed between the men and their officers. Mr. Inspector Stuart expressed himself pleased with the appearance of the men and the very good opinion in which they were held by their chief. Inspector Graham leaves Toowoomba early next week to take charge of the Bourkc and Gregory districts, and will be succeeded by Sub inspector Lamond, late of -Hcrbcrton, pen ding whose arrival Inspector Stuart -will remain in charge. We wish Mr. Graham every success in his new sphere* of ? labour, nnd sincerely hope his advance towards the top; of the tree may be as'rapid as was the growth of his popularity in Too\ypom,(ja, ,., Tonders invited by Railway Commissioners for additions to goods shed, Helidon. 1 11c i|uui iui 1 uuivuuiuuii \\_rrii111111111 ouuuui commenced last Tuesday. ' ' Annual meeting, of the Pittsworth Jockey Club at the Court House, Pittsworth, on Wednesday next. Rosalie Board warns against falling or ringbarking timber without written notice,&c.; ? Drayton Shire Council notifies owners of stock on the common to pay up; also rate payers in arrears. Brodie & Co. sell to-day, at 11, vehicles, harness, saddles, furniture, pigs, poultry, mutton, produce af every description. T. G. Robinson & Co. sell to- day,- at ir, 20 horses, pair ponies, dairy cows, and pigs, poultry, pork, produce, &c.; 'P /'? T- _!.!„. .„„ O_ f* ? ,t ? 'M....--1 ? 1 . \j. i^uuuiDuu (x v^o. sea uii 1 ucsaay next, furniture on account of Inspector Graham. Gregory & Scholeficld sell 'on Wednesday next, palings, posts, and hurdles. Sinclair & Co. sell on Thursday' next, family residence at corner of Long ami Burke streets. Kennard & Co. sell on Friday next, 1000 wethers. 