North Coast Rambles. TURNING THE CORNERS OF THE RICHMOND. (BY THE S. M. H. SPECIAL REPORTER, J.F.H.) HERE I am on the liquid snake of the North. After leaving the winding Yarra of Melbourne, and striking the Richmond River of this colony, one would think that New South Wales had not only peopled the pad- docks over the Murray, but also sent them sample of its meandering streams. Ballina is 20 miles from Lismore by road. Both on the Richmond. Ballina is at the month and Lismore at the head of navigation. To reach either by steamer you traverse miles of a beautiful river course. "Would you cut a canal to Lismore ?" I asked a tired traveller. "Yes," came the restive reply. "Well I wouldn't." I look at it from an agricultural standpoint. The great fertile flats of these rivers are within the influence of their banks. Twenty miles from Lismore to the Heads opens up 40 miles of water frontages, while the 75 miles of the crooked stream as it now steals by, the happy homes of thousands of people give an irrigated fron- tage of 150 miles to the sturdy yeomen settling the great sugar belt of the North Coast. I know that that all river god, Captain Jackson, of the Tomki, will drop a few poetic remarks, on reading my eulogy, of the sharp turns and tiresome reaches of the wandering stream that bends out its course to the river farmer. The above reference to the Tomki reminds me that the Richmond River will never bear on its waters vessels of great tonnage. Yes, there is enough water, but the comers are there, and no steamer of greater length can ever get her nose around them. The trade of this river must either be carried in a multiplied fleet of 500 ton- ners, or by rail or by train or drogher to Ballina as a port. As Lismore, the capital of this river, and its arms, will al ways be the central collecting limb, and as its ship- ping by water must be limited, I predict Ballina as its port, with a light line of rail- way from the head- quarters to the sea at this point. Let me tell the dwellers on the Rich- mond that shipping must first be produced, and in the production lie the prosperity and solidity of a district. Your river has done you good service ; stick to it as one of the best agricultural streams of its length any- where. All you grow will he got away and cheaply too. Don't go and worry yourself and get broken-hearted because you can't ship your hard-earned wealth in one 2000-ton ship instead of four 500-ton vessels, and don't fret because, your, beautiful city of Lismore cannot be us large as Sydney, nor that Ballina cannot be the port of the north. You must go right along and see if you can not make £20 instead of £10 per acre on your land with the same amount of labour and expense, and your farm and district will ease ahead just at that rate. If every farmer does thc same, the outside world will stand with its eyes looking like a looking glass, and its teeth shining like an ivory crosscut saw, trying to contemplate your suc- cess ; while shipping companies will be fall- ing over each other trying to get at your pro- ducts to haul. Realise the above, and you will get a glimpse of what industry is, and real live competition means. Tak- ing the depth of your soil, by its strata on your river's banks, I think you have one of the deepest, strongest, and most fertile soils in the colony. Its value and productiveness are attested by the fact that the Colonial Sugar Company planted its biggest mill at Broadwater, right in the midst of you. The Colonial Sugar Company is a straight going concern, and has saved, many a man bankrupting himself by keeping his mind and money away from the sugar mill business. But one cannot help thinking that you Richmond people might have formed a co-operative mill among yourselves with a capital large enough to have put up the best mill and employed the best man as a manager. Then the large profits would have been yours. But you can never get farmers together for real business. They are most united, when attending to somebody else's business. They'll roll up at a political meeting, and work as a unit for their candidate. There the unit ends. I will, for a second, turn myself into a co-operative sugar mill. You go in with me and see if it is worth while. I am a cor- poration of 400 sugar farmers, paying an average of £200 each into the fund. That gives me £80,000. The whole outfit of a first-class plant will not cost £50,000. Steam tugs and punts cost about £15,000. This leaves me a reserve fund of £15,000. I now have a mill as complete as that at Broadwater, though, perhaps, not so large. I also have £80,000 worth of property on which to raise £20,000 if necessary, making my capital £100,000. I am now prepared, to transact business on the same lines as the company. Well, what do they do ? They pay you Richmond River farmers, at best 12s 6d per ton for cane, and it takes about 12 tons of cane to the ton of sugar, I believe. I am told so. For that 12 tons you get £7 10s. For that ton of sugar the company. gets £21 odd, besides the treacle, distillery stuff, and manure from the surplus not used in the direct manufacture of the sugar. I am not able to give you the exact figure of the amount of rum, overproof spirits, and "company's mannie" obtained- from your 12 tons of cane in addition to the ton ofsugar but its value is a large factor in the 10 per cent dividends declared and heavy amounts carried to the reserve fund. If I told you that a company, with a capital of £1,500,000 had a reserve fund, in properties, of over £3,500,000, you'd, perhaps, think I was verging on to a "snake yarn," I am not. If I told you, also, that after declaring a dividend of 10 per cent, for the year, and, buying some 12,000 acres of land, over £250, 000 was carried forward by a sugar company to its reserve fund for the same year, you'd perhaps put your hand into your pocket to see if your last shilling was there yet. Still I believe such is the case. When does it come from ? After paying you £7 10s for 12 tons of cane, the company at your door has its product at £21 for a ton of refined sugar, and the raw spirits, rum, and manure "to boot" ; the cost of producing which including interest on capital cannot exceed *****£7 10s. I thus roughly estimate that the Colonial Sugar Company gets a net profit of about £7 10s at least on each; 12 tons of cane you sell it. I am not writing against the wealthy corporation at your doors. The company has been a de- veloper of your district. From what I have seen, eight men out of ten who have stuck o the Broadwater mill have made money. [An we would add the same company has pur- chased experience at a cost of fully £100,000 \- ED. STAR] You can easily grow 40 tons of two-years cane to the acre, with only one year's work, excepting one "thrashing" the second year. At 12s 6d per ton it yields you £25, or £12 10s per year,, while 40 bushels of maize at the high price of 3s per bushel will only realise £6. This maize must be grown every year, harvested, bagged, ad brought to market. The cane will relieve you of all that at their expense, and pays you 1s per ton for cartage to the river bank. Bt all of you sugar-growers are comfortable, live well, have cheerful homes, and give all the outward appearance of your general pros- perity. Did you ever run memory back a few years to see if your district is going ahead ? Look at Ballina, the picturesque town at Richmond Heads. Do you know how she looked eight years ago ? The carpenters and builders have been at work there, and in the last six years have almost choked out the little township with the large one. "My word, how Ballina has grown !" says the returning prodigal. Yes, the rateable property of the little, pad- dock, is now about £150,000, and the rate- able, value over £6000, and about 700 tele- graphic messages flash over the wires from them yearly. But the same is true up the river. They haven't exactly painted the town of Woodburn red, but they've freshened it up. I fancy I see the old traveller smiling and saying to himself, "Woodburn a town- ship !" Yes ; the old rookeries are going, and fine business houses, are going up, and it's growing on both sides of the river. One cannot fully appreciate the growth of these districts until the bounding townships along the rivers wake his sluggish senses and fairly take his breath away. The increased steamboat service shows what is going on al- so ; two boats daily from Woodburn to most anywhere, and at reasonable prices, while an improved line of penny punts cross the river, thus keeping one from wearying and wasting time, is the way the new order of things reads. They run a sort of circular ferry at Coraki where the two arms of the river divide and begin their long winding reaches. The north arm goes by Lismore, while the south arm winds its watery embrace about Casino. Coraki is about 40 miles from the Heads, and almost in the centre of the Richmond River district. All goods by steamer for Casino are landed here and forwarded on by drogher, or slow steam-tug for freight transport. Them is also a coach from Coraki to Casino. Here is the large sawmill of Mr. W. Yabsley, Mayor of the municipality. I mention this because Mr. Yabsley has, I think, next Mr. Yeager, the largest and most com- plete sawmill on this river and its arms. Mr. John White also has his soapworks at Coraki; These, with the' big stores of C.J. McRae, A. Jeffries, and others, and the appearance of a new hotel on the scene, and a large one, too, tell the absent dweller of the Richmond that people are not leaving, but coming ; that houses are not decaying and falling down for want of occupants, but small ones are being hauled down and larger ones going up, while the paint-brush has been pulled, across the face of the older structures to make them look abreast of the times. This all shows progress. I am aware that the old crawling, loating storekeeper is still loafing and grumbling because younger añd livelier men are making the pace warm for him ; but growth means young, new life, and that always goes ahead. Taking the advice of mine host, Pat Quain, of the hotel, to go via Casino to Lismore, I mounted the coach at night, and was soon in the wake of a six-mile series of dead cattle, and the perfumed breezes from them crossing or lining the road. Along this line the peo- ple have varied the monotony of maize and sugar farming with dairy. This is not the richest land from cane standpoint, but for cereals, grasses, and dairy purposes it is excellent. By the time you have driven over a few heads of cows sleeping in the road at night, your thoughts are a bit upset, and dis- jointed, hence I have passed the cow and her product lightly. When, however, I look around in vacant space and can't light on a single butter or cheese factory, I feel that some one is doing this fine district a wrong. You are reminded, of the fact a second time, when you face the butter at your hotel table. If I were a Casino ghost, I'd haunt some of those people until a butter factory shot its head up somewhere among those tireless gum scenes about there. I suppose the Casino people are not busy recasting their, statistics and business, to keep up with the growth of their nervous, expanding city, that they are afraid to stop thinking about it for a minute for fear of losing ground. Sitting on the broad verandah of Parker's large hotel - an hotel that would do credit to Sydney - I tried to remember the shanties that nestled about on this street some few years ago. In fact, I tried to see enough of the old Casino to convince me that the new one was legitimate growth and not a sudden revelation. I couldn't make much headway. After doing a constitutional around my hotel I went down for a stroll through Gulley's big store, and nearly got lost. I had to al- most call for a map to get straight out of late M.L. A. Crouch's "Trade Palace," too. Then I turned up in the back yard. Mr. Crouch is mayor, and is justly proud of the large and spacious Town Hall of the municipality. The School of Arts here is, with the exception of Grafton, the largest and the most complete on the four rivers. They have, in Casino, almost every facility for doing anything ex- cept flour-milling, sugar-milling, maizena- milling, or butter-making. They've tackled everything nearly but the natural and home- grown products. They make boots, and buggies, and ploughs, and other instruments, &c.;, bur are deficient where the best profits lie. A large trade is done through this portal, with the large and well to do num- ber of people about. I am told that times are bad, but I find that those who have not started business with a suit of mortgages and other handicaps have always done well, and are prosperous now. It is the merchant who. "carries" people, and the men thus carried that suffers, and justly too. Said a pro- minent gentleman to me, "I came here a stranger with less than £100, and could have got over £500 credit. A man, getting a salary of £350 a year, goes at the rate of £600, That is not right, and some one must make up to the storekeeper for it." So they must, and it falls on the honest farmer and tradesman. Here's the way about half the 1280 selectors started, as given by one who knows :- "A man comes here and takes up his full complement of 1280 acres with £50. He borrows the money for the balance, as needed, and works right into the banks or storekeeper. He's only an honest but un- conscious dummy. He must go under, I've got my eye on one or two places. I'll get one of them, and I'll get it cheaper than I could from the Government." Well, this has been going on for 10 or 12 years. The district is now eating buck through this dead horse to life again and now Casino is looking up. It is a bright town, and is a good barometer to the fertile plain about it. 