.THE STORYTELLER. m THE KA JAM'S PALACE. I must confess that I felt very dis- . appointed, with her. I had ridden up to her carriage. at the band.stand on the ilall. The strains of the last new waltz out from home were floating among the Mil ling tenia trees, drowning the champing of 'the horses' bits and the chatter of the ayahs and children wauderin; admiringly round the soldiers. " Mrs. Ingledene," I had said, " I am getting up an expedition—sport and picnicking combined — to the Rajah's palace at Bundelpore, for three days. Will you make one of the party ? " Her face lighted np—such a pretty face, such sweet eyes. " tVliat a capital idea ! I shall be delighted,"' she exclaimed. J' But will you mind my bringing a friend, a Mr. Lingmoor, who just then will be stayiug with us, I think ? " Tlien it was that I felt disappointed with lier. I had always firmly believed that Jack Ingledene and his wife were devoted to each other. I had; only listened with half an ear to Mrs. Crabtree's spiteful stories of the doings at naughty Nynee during the last season, when the immaculate Mrs. lugledene was supposed after the fashion of grass widows in the hills, to have taken to herself a " bow-wow." Though Jack Ingledene was on duty at a long court- martial, I knew that he would not object to his wife going with me, an old friend of her father's family, and backed by such an unimpeachable chaperon as Mrs. Crab tree. But I was disappointed wlieu Ethel Ingledene calmly turned up her pretty face to mine and as good as told me that unless she was allowed to bring this same " bow-wow" she would not come to my picnic. But all the same, like the old fool I am, with my next breath I expressed how delighted I should be to see Mr. Lingmoor, cursing the Indian " bowwow " system all the time most devoutly. As the Collector of Puukahpore,the ruler of a district as large English county, aud wielding a sway over hundreds of thousands of dusky natives, I am a person of some importance in tlie eyes of the neighboring semi-independent Rajah of Bundelpore. This gentleman, though of dubious character and unable to write his own name, is the desjuotic ruler of wide territories and the happy possessor of diamond aigrettes such as would delight tbe heart of an English duchess. I have standing permission to shoot over his arid plains and rocky hill country and to stay whenever like in his beautiful summer palace of Bundelpore, which place is but little troubled with his own presence, his highness prefers his own town house in Gauramabad, where he can indulge in European luxuries and vices. We drove the 20 odd miles which Jay between Punkahpore and Bundelpore with relays of horses along a straight, dusty, tree-bordered road, fairly good as long as it ran in my territory, but execrable as soon as it entered that of the Maharajah. We were a merry, party, of about jjv '1:T,vee. foY]o-.vcd "bY ".L caul el carriage containing the commissariat, the servants and the rolls o£ beddin; without which no European travels in India. 1 had been somewhat disappointed at my old chum, Colonel Tachbrook, not turning up. He was retiring and leaving the country for good, and it was mainly with the object of giving him some good sport that I had .arranged the expedition. However, he was delayed up country and we were obliged to start without him, Mrs. Ingledene was looking v/sry pretty aud was in the best of spirits Lionel Lingmoor, a subaltern in the Royal Scdly Islanders, was a goodlooking easy-mannered fellow, whom she appeared to find charming. The only discordant element was the station doctor, Griifenhoofe, a sneer ing, ill-natured fellow, who liaA never forgiven Mrs. Ingledene for snubbin; him on her first arrival at Punkahpore and who chuckled fiendishly over her very open flirtation with Lingmoor Bundelpore, built entirely of pale Salmon-colored stone and gorgeous \- with carved eaves and fflul lions, oviel windows, delicate friezes and arches, turrets, cupolas and hanging "balconies, lies—a dream of beauty^-m the midst of green groves of orange, melon, and mango trees. On one front a broad stone terrace overlooks the shady garden walks, the ponds, the stone 'summer houses; on the other a large artificial- lake with a little tower and- -steps at -each anglp, bathed the very walls^of ;the palace itself. The Rajab, like many other>Indian princes, kept some hunting'- leopards in a barred cage in »tbe,garden; and.HI the lake: some -huge ,bla<ik .i-muggers:' 1 or alligators,'loatlisome'lookmgibeasts,' ^ T a t e x ^ ^ r f s h ^ ^ 5 0 "We drove under; : the great aute at Bundelpore.'fialuted by- Jsome.iof-jt^i'e Maharajah's lagamwftm sentms, ]ust • as the sun was- setting --behind some; low, baie hills and flooding the palace .withastmt of^old. .•>.. .. •:-.. .- ^ The crows weie cawing m the streets,:,'ringdoves-cooed -m-.thevsbady' depths of the gaiden, and flights of tame pigeons cncled ahoM; the lflofh and cupolas Tbe scene was a de lieious change Jxom our painfully Tin form bungalow s, oui stia H I 11 and the ceaseless bogle-call lh t vaded Punkahpoie We dined uu a vast, hall, will v^w^v^i^&Moojishsiacch;^s-'Aiid « 1 nei we sat about on the Mei 1 morrow ^ f~ , „ I.ratliei,fancy,,I must jb aapin my ea yGhni £ui by a loW),sneeijpg chupkle f fenhoofe lttmg next -to m We weie atone on the te J l 'the moon, ! iwhnch ?h d' ^ st l-i J sho wed 'us tw o figui es i wall r a path m tbe garden Deuced ^funny ' sjA'i ? p -f Worn enWeialltthe' M3 I \ flnfc^fSm ^i^TandJjprefeBt luo v 'and^after a-ff^w menJEh ^ >11- station .that's for we were to be up betimes to startin the -moriiibg. '. ! '' The ladies had befen installed in the; rooms on the left of the great hall,; usually allotted toffche Rajah's zenana,' and we men occupied those on the 1 right. They were not over clean and; rather bare. !. ' I found my servant had laid out my' bedding and Giffenhbofe'-s in one of the top rooms. Opening out of that was- another room, where Lingmoor arid' Colonel Crabtree were to sleep; the other fellows were' billeted in the rooms below.. It .was,a, hot night,, and Oj- abtree, who was fussy, said it was less stuffy on one of the verandahs.; and departed, leaving Lingmoor in' sole possession. I felt restless and' disinclined to sleep. I lay long awake listening to the jackal's screech,- the pariah dog's bay; and the lapping of the water of the lake against the wall.. I lay watching the bright moonlight throw gulden bars across .the somewhat dirty walls through, the carved glassless wiiidoSS's Suddenly something roused me., A shadpyv.fell across, the niepriiight on the wall. The thick cur.tain' iii- the doorless archway moved aside. A woman's figure entered the room. Tlier.e was no mistaking it;, it was Ethel Ingledene. I sprang up as if to speak to her, but at that moment sbe turned and looked .afc rue. Her face was so unutterably sacl tliat. tlie words froze to my lips. Then, to my amazement, I saw her push aside tlie curtain of the doorway leading to the next room, where Lingmoor was sleeping, and disappear be hind it. I sat motionless for a moment or two, for I felt as if some one had dealt me a heavy blow. Giffenhoofe's voice aroused me ; he was awake too. If ever I saw an evil look on a man's face, his wore it at that moment. " Crabtree was right," he said, gathering up his bedding. " It will be much cooler down below." I followed his example and departed, but did not go to-sleep. My thoughts flew back to the hap py country home where I had known Ethel Ingledene as a child with long fair hair; to the good old rector her father; to honest Jack Ingledene, whom we all liked so much, pbor boy! and I felt—well, Ifeltlshould like to have theshootingofLingmoor. Wliat if, when we were out after deer on the morrow, a shot should chance go astray ! Such thing's had happened. But not this time, however. We all shot very straight aud made good bags. I managed to give Lingmoor a wide berth all day, for his good spirits aud cheery chaff were more unbearable to me than Griffenbdofe's unpleasant innuendoes. It was getting dusk when he returned to the palace. I quite dreaded meeting Mrs. Ingledene, who had not shown np before wo started in. the morning. Therefore I was very relieved to hear that she had a bad headache from the sun, and would not be able to come down to dinner. Just as I was having my anteprandial tub—a simple process, consisting of standing on the bathroom floor, aud havino- pitchers of water thrown oyer one by one's hearer—I h'eard a faini liar voice on the terrace below. It was my old chum, TaclibrOok, just ;u'r rived. Such a pleasant surprise: it was, and one thstgojBiejjtot^^^^ ' We ' Kad a very cheery dmucr: - Afterward we amused ourselves throwing bits of meat from a balcony overhauging tlie lake to the alligators below. The black, slimy monsters rose out of the water into the moonlight, and fought and struggled ;for the bits we threw, crawliug on one another's backs and opening their huo-e mouths set with rows of cruel teeth. Miss Crabtree, the spinster of the party, turned away with a shudder. "I gives me the creeps to look; -at them," she said. "I want to talk' of something more pleasant — your charming friend. Colonel Tachbrook What a dear old tiling Tie is! Now, tell me- is it true what I hear, that there is some romantic story about him—that he was engaged to a girl- •who was killed m the mutiny, and that that's the reason he was never married ? Do tell me ! " Of course I had heard something of the kmd about Tachbrook, but I was not going to divulge any secret ofsmy friend s. " MY dear young lady," 1 I mysteriously, " you are as curious and romantic as all vour sex. Pray, be-, heve it if you like.' " You are very irritating," she said laushing, aud turned away: Then Tachbrook himself came up. "This Bundelpore ®a-ja-h of yours —wasn't he very troublesome to us in '57 ? " he asked. " It was his lather, -not the present man'-' riffle tturned:sagamst',us ;f romi-thefirst, don't youi'emember,andattacked' and Jellied: the Europeans at Gfuratnabad and at Punkalipoi e " A shadow ciossed Tichbiook s face; To bide it he caiessedHns gray moustache pensively I was away hefoi e Delhi then iJut; 7 it all" ? He turned aside and changed the conversation " ' I G-iiffenhoofe hid given up Ins place •a»,iiflj-hsIeopjJig .^apaBbnetttsistoi-aJaish^ biook much to my delight 1 was dog tued and trusted that' Ishould be .undisturbed .-hysaroy 'such'- -mnpl easantt episode as that of the jUight liefoie I Bat Tichbroot appeal e ed,;-r le-slle-j 5 - and 1 not inclined to sleep ~ nU ? TacliWookstared at S1 her' We a madman. «> \- - " Poor follow," I baid to myself ] "These sad-memories, have upset lus; head." • ' \ She.glided.behind.the curtain into. Lingnioor's' room.' Tablibrook jum-j pedrTip and.4foIlowed' hei% . j " At ; any rice .a scandal must be; prevented'' thought -Ij and>1-; sprang! iip, too. and followed,him.. . , ? • Lingmoor-was sleeping'the Bleep-ofyouth and .of a: iard «day-s.- shooting.- Tachbrook, with" 'outstretched arinsj stared at tlie dark: form -winch -slowly flitted across the rbbrii. - I „» I ' ! She passed thrpiigli 'open wiu ; dow, out oh to !the.- balcony overhanging the lake. ' ' i A horrible; fear seized me: She saw herself discovered, and:would not live to face her shame. " Stop her, stop her! " I cried., We both rushed out pn'thejjalcouy. It was empty. .-•••_••.. . ; • The night breeze.ruffled .the dark, surface of the lake, m the depths of which the muggers w^ere-sleeping:. Tachbrook -and I: glared at each: other, too horrified to; speak... Then a voice called mo from .thestairs:— • " Ton are wanted afconce, .Collector- Sahib. There, is an . old-crone, ther: mother or auntvor some sucli .relation/' of the "Rajah, . whpi.jiyes .in; a .little: house m tlie gaiden, Tind ->\ho is dyiiig, and •••wants--.-to ,see- you very urgently." " Oh, do come," said aiiother voice —a very sweet one. "I diet wnat I conld for her this afternoon, when you were away, and I 'found her so ill. But she has something on her mindto tell you, and I promised you should come. Be quick, or it will be too late." The speaker was Mrs. Ingledene, standing at the door of my roorb, looking lovely in a white peignoir: At first I thought she was a ghost; but I grasped her arm. It was firm flesh and blood. " I will go at once," I said. " Ton go back to bed." As I went down the stairs I heard Lingmoor's voice calling — " Send some one with brandy. Colonel Tachbrook has.fainted." They led me to. one of those little garden houses, common in the East, where an almost sightless, toethless, old hag lay at her last gasp. " You are the Government's servant," she said, " the great Sahib— you are good to my nephew, the Maharajah — you have forgiven of great clemency the wickedness of my brother, when he killed your people; your women and children. I have something- to say before 1 die, if your highness will listen " She spoke with difficulty and in gasps. I bent down to catch her words. " H-er spirit came to me to-day, so I know that I am dying—the spirit of the beautiful young white maiden with the yellow hair, whom my brother carried off from Guramabad when he killed the rest, and whom lie broug'ht here. She was kind to me, he spirit ; she has forgiven me, for took her jewels 4 I have them now. wish to ;give them back to a white Sahib, iest the devils should torment me when I am -gone. The Rajah shut: her. upviu -thestop-rooms'—ito one cbuid- lie'ar hei; .cries there i .she .epuldi tire yellbw-haired^maideu; would have made her his favourite wife, but one morning-,, when he opened tlie door, 1 she was gone. Her jewels were there and a.little holy book she carried! iu lier bosom—s^ee, here they are." From- under her pillow she drew with feeble- grasp a yellow, worn, little English prayer-book and a gold brooch.-.and • earrings, and gave them to me. As,I-.opene.d the book I was aware of two ..people looking- over my shoul- -der. -Tachbrooki and: Mrs. Ingledene ;had' : followed!.me. ' Tlie'ilyleaf ^was.;y.ellow- and dirty,, but the name on it was perfectly •legible; " v " Ethel ^Brooke; September, 1S56. Hirdleigh ilall." A great groan broke -from Tachbrook. " It s lier-uame, her writing," lie answered," and.hid his- face mollis .hands: "That.was my mothers sister's, : name;'' gasped,Mrs.-- ^Ingledene! ' Their home was at' Hardleigh HallJ •^T-I i:ememher=-heacing..ishe.-icame io.ni£ tolndia- and^was-killed-in ——' 'Taclihrook interrupted lier. " You aie hei niece ? ' he asked, 111 a gentle \oice "Tou aie hei Tery image, I think I see her again ' And3ieidrew: hereto;: Annu and Ocjsr sed her on the foiehead i I turned .over .-the; igold broocli in- my hand ?' Thereussasmiuia-ture iu: tlie back —see 1 ' - Mis Ingledene looked, and gave a. eiy ' ;: "Thatis my motlier when a gnLi I know xu quite ell:—I have one like; it" t " ' W Theie was a famt gurgle fiom, thelied The old native,-wonian in'-(lie comer, who had "been watching, nsj fell back aeaa' ^ ^ We left liei and passed out auto the cool garden, ^wjieie 'the -<biid lifewas just ^wakening j, | Mrs Ingledene disappeared to? hei; o^ i> apaj. tmeut Tachbrook ive it out; alone foi a %valk J^thought it Ibest to lea\e lnui^to^ himself We ^eie gieatSne'nds, fbut ifteita discojfeiy such as this ^-nbtjevenj the ^gi eafest friend cm be-^any-comfort f - iWoin outjJbyljfSe Tnght's emohohs- T wi'fiL ? carriediher pick-a-back .the-1 ast tune icsaw';herv; ! Andas , .I-:Can'-.tiCOngrat-ur ilate-her.f-ipersonally, -,!let.v>me.fvdoi so, by i proxy, dear little lady ' So saying, I bent down and kissed Mrs.iingledenevomi.tlie^orehead.'ij . Jkckco5dj;liavevreadimvmyijhca.rthowi ;pen-itent Euwas;nfor, my^bomblersus-l !ipicions, I. do -notethinkilie wraulds.hav.e; objected J:ust;:>itheni:, Gra"btr,ee -, bustled-.-.up.; i;!";Here's .Lingmoor^ibeeii: getfewigi •into .suchrartiiiead&ifamessT- TT;'lust-Mli-ke' a;gEiS.f. lie s ;gouei'.and-.:.shot..-.one.;.of the? Ra^ah'-s..muggersi-^-.didn't: tlunlc thei'e-,'was:;a'uyiharmv ; Gome-antl'-ae^ 'Mihat'sto-heidoue" :i' •>• ••]•• tt • ;^f-';JRotlnng, 1 should t.hiuk, except -to jad-minister. a few-r] udiciaLrupeesi to keep it quiet." I replied, and followed Crabtree to the-steps-leading down to the - lake;;owherei iLmgmoor was surveying tile -huge carcass of thedead :alligatori :•:.;.• •.: "i'-iBon my^Jionor,:,-! -didn t realise :they i jw,ere. !preserv.ed-.. ..l ! -m: a-wfully sorry." •H " may asi.well have him^stuffed now.-you've> igot himy", I; n remarked -:":33ie's:a[:sp5ettdidi : fel3f)w—:the grand: •fathei'fof.-tliem^Ui'L'should^udge-,!!. i •< I- called iia-tiJow-cas.te: native^ ,-,who •beganito- cut'oip-the -anima].". • 4 1 PJ esently, in hjis stomach, we came on somRthiiVg;sAall jiiid. glil-tci 1 •me;.:Lpieked,j.t.:up..v,-. It, was. a L tabbed it "buglit and then saw. some, letters; engraved, ion-the inside— '.'Ethel,-.from W.-T.,',' I .read aloud " Wui you let me have it F" saiu a/ voice behind, me. 1 handed it to Tachbrook without a word. 