STORY PAGE. A LIVING LIE. The Story of a Double Life. By LILY TINSLEY, OF "TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE." Author of "A Day of Reckoning," "In the Ring," "The Child of the Shadow," "A London Secret," "Cousin Dick," "Blackwater Towers," &c.; Ale Queensland Riohts Eebebved. PART THE FIRST. Chapter II. — Heabts and Diamonds. This silence the elder man— rousing himself from the fit of abstraction into which lie had fallen — wbb the first to break. By the bye, it is not otten we find people so hospitable, and so little attached to their family plato and jewols as to leave the front door open for our entrance,' he said, with a ghost of a smile. ' Who was your informant ?' A smile of gratified vanity curled the fellow's thin soarletlips. At sight of it that of tho other man vanished, and was succeeded by a frown of evident dis pleasure. ' There's a woman in it ? Haven't I warned you that there is no more danger ous tool?' 4 And haven't we agreed not to inter fere with each other's way of working ? You like where there's most danger. I where there's moBt fun. This part of the affair is mine.' ' It was very nearly mine when the little girl who gave you the information about the bank business tried to commit suicide, and did tell more tban your share in the affair.' 'That was a slip,' was the oarelesB reply, the smile still on the lips that spoke. ' She wsb so confoundedly pretty and simple, and Trench tooi My last viotim, as you, I suppose, look upon her, is young, pretty, rich, well-born, well- bred — in fact, exactly the sort of beautiful . prinoeBS for whom a knight of old might have stormed a castle, fought a giant, or slain a dragon. As it was, however, tho knight had only to win from her the .aeorets.of the family plate, lay the plans, and Btond quietly while you_ sacked the house. To end the romantic tale, tho .fair lady is doubtless by this time flying with aUL speed to London, that I may receive at her fair hands the reward I have not earned.' 'Drop' fooling,' said the elder man, sharply, ' and say what you mean.' ' In prosaio language then I have in this ease so skilfully combined business ,.and pleasure that I am to meet my pretty confiding informant in — ' pulling out his watch, a fine, gold one, hanging to a mas sive but tasteful chaia — ' in exactly half an hour from this, at London Bridge Station.' '"Who is the girl?' 'At present she is known as Miss Madge Brandon.' -The older man did not heed the former \- part of the speech. He started hack, a look of great surprise on liis face. . ' Madge Brandon ? Impossible. A daughter of the house of a family which is as old as — as my own. She consort -with- you? Don't I tell you this is no jest.' 'I am afraid if it is Madge will think it but a sorry one,' said tho fellow with a smile, whioh told that upon him at least the joke was not lost. ' But I have not the least objection to tell you all about St. .Tou know after the laBt affuir we agreed to lie quiet for a bit. Tour idoa of enjoying a holiday seemed to consist of ' shutting yourself up here. Tory simple. Mine was harder to find, sinco you know . how I combine work and play. I thought I would try a little fishing, something quiet might Btcndy mv nerves, whioh either the work or play had upset a little. Tho sport was quiet— too quiet, for my nerves were in splendid condition long -before you were ready to set me a task. Satan— idle hands, &c.; The mischief took the form of a most charming little incident. TJpon my word it beatB the romanoes of knights and ladies into fits. A warm afternoon, a protty, I might say lovely girl, indulging in a siesta in a lonely spot just outside a wood; splendid little Geneva , watch, jewels on ease fallen from her watohpockot — chance approach of fishing "strange — irresistible attraction to both lady — and watoh — Bkilful appropriation of the latter — awakening of the former — disoovery. of her loss— volunteer of pass ing and handsome stranger to follow up tramp opportunely soon in the wood — disappearance of same to weigh the. value of the watch against tho chance of sue- , make lip for the dulness of the fishing. Balance — with natural gallantry in favour of the lady. Reappearance of handsome stranger from the wood with artistically disarranged tie, torn coat and sprained arm damaged in fight with tramp, who meanwhile aotually ate bread and obeese under a tree not a hundred yards off, but viotoriousinreBtoring the sooundrel'e theft —delight and gratitudeof ladyin regaining .herproperty foBowedby a mostinteresting "tete-a-tete, with its restorer, ending in a . frank invitation to her father's house, 'Brandon Hall. Handsome stranger, dis appointed in hopes, of rural simplicity and innocence in a oottago, not blind to the hopes of plate and valuables at the Hall, refuses invitation, therefore, with qniet hints as to the impropriety of young ladies of position indulging in naps by the way side, and making acquaintance with gentlemen without an introduction, "at parang tfirning on full and well trained artillery of looks, words, and tones, to gain a-'seoond chance meeting— ohance arranged — and — the result a highly in genious and successful clandestine love affair and elopement, whioh, as you know, gave you your easy entry upon the scene \- last night. So ends the tale.' , . ' Ends? ' repeated the older man, who -had listened with ill-disguised impatienoo "and anger to the lengthy reoital whioh was dashed off with a speed and gusto which owned the reciter doubly a villain. ' Ends ? It seemB to me the affair is only just beginning, if. as you say, the girl is coming to meet you here" in London.',1' ' The ' handsome stranger' smiled his: most engaging smile. . 'Tou have not married her?' asked the other, a question whioh spoke a world for his opinion of his partner's character. ' Hot yet,' was the reply. The fellow had turned hie face away, so that his ex pression was hidden. The frown on the elder man's faco darkened ominously, but he controlled himself and asked abruptly : 'She is in earnest, then? She — believes in you — loves you ? ' A shrug of the broad shoulders ex pressed at once carelessness and convic tion. ' In earnest ? She is so abominably in earnest that I have actually caught tho infection, only our natures are different. Madge is— well I suppose she is a good girl, or means to be, whereaB I don't mean to be a scoundrel, but I suppose I am. I've nevor been lucky enough before to have to do with a real lady— one with blue blood and family pride. Anyhow, this game with Madge has seemed different from the others. She is the sort of girl who would give her life when onco sho was won — but the winning was hard. That led me on. I was in no mood to be boaten, least of all by a woman who is ten times handsomer and ten times more spirited than any other I ever met.' Royal's voice almost faltered, hut he quickly went on : — 'Her father was a hot- tempered old idiot, and she feared him. Luokily for mo ho was proud. I had only to deolare myself to be — well, almost as great a scoundrel as I am, to keep her from owning up and begging his forgive ness and blessing. A runaway match was tho very natural oonBequonce. But I had to work as hard as a heroin a melodrama. Talk of murder I It is nothing to the lady-killing I had to get through.' Royal smiled. 'Tes, so far. Tou know you found the door open last night. I didn't forget to impress upon hor not to bang if after her,; but merely to close it, when she ran away.' ' But why were you not with her.' ' I told you she is a queer girl. Yery high notions of propriety and that sort of thing, so Bho fell in at once with my suggestions to come to London alone — leaving her father's house early enough to give you time to make your entrauce and walking across to a station some way down tho lane to avoid being tracked. I am merely to meet her at London Bridge, and conduct her to a lodging ' — with a motion to a room above. ' Ton villain !' ' Strong words— to your partner,' was the reply with a sneer. ' Tou ore not a nice fellow to talk, I think 1 You entered her father's house last night and robbed him of everything of value you could lay your hands on, and now you out up rough because I run away with hie daughter withher consent !' ' I may he a thief; hut I never stole a woman's honour. Ton say we are part ners — I say we were. I am not fallen low enough to join you in such devil's games. This decides me. From thiB hour you go your way and I go mine.' There was no mistaking tho earnestness with whioh the elder man spoke. ' Tou mean it ?' asked tho other, with one of his side glances. ' I do,' was the resolute reply. ' I don't wont to cant, bat it hascomo home to me hit by bit that I havo made a mistake, ltevenge won't undo the past ; won't re store my lost honour j won't bring my wife back to lifo again, or make me u worthy father to my child.' 'But wo can't part as easily as you think,' said Royal. 1 There are too many ties between us.' ' I tell you wo do part, come what may,' was the reply. ' And as for ties ' a snap of the fingers finished the sentence meaningly. ' That iB your last word?' asked the other. ' It is, so help mo God !' ' If you can't get on without your girl, it's just ns well we did split,' was the roply. But tho fellow was plainly baffled, and for some moments there was silence in the room, broken at length by a knook at tho door. ' Tho postman,' said the elder man, as he reconnoitred through tho slide. ' Why, it must be years since he paid us a visit; There's no ono in the world who would care to write to me. Surely Dark has not been fool enough to put a line on paper.' He opened the door and took tho lotter eagerly. to be continued to-m0brow. 