THE MMTtOUS tict, •uK.^iSu. i.EAO" "I would give a million dollars for a stomach, ' said a wealthy American recently. Now. a million dollars (£200.00) is a deal or money, hut he was not able-to Luy the article oven at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, niar Derby, is not FO rich as many, beiug a eardener, but he lvrs ready enough to give all he bad for one thiug he hadn't got. Here is his story and he shall tdl it in his own way, Mr Gaskin goes on to tav : " Up to eight years ago 1 hail never lost an hour's work: through sickn-ss. In December, 1SS2, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell awav, 1 had dreadful ^ajij after eating, a b:,d taste in my mouth, which would CU with wafer and slime, tlie la'ter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my lingers. My chest used to* 61 up'and my throat would swell so H at t couid nnt button nv shirt at the neck. 1 vomited a great deal, chiefly of a yWIowish-green phlegm. 1 had a racking cough, and would rough and strain till 1 bleu at the nose. *nd the blood rushed out of my ears, i became exhausted and short of lirrath and bad to call the doctor, and was in lied five or six we°ks. v " I then went as out-patient to the l«ottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got *o thin that I was like a ghost walking about, aod my frieuds said it was all up with «"• For eighteen months I kept getting 1 >ettcr, then worse, cnii at. last the doctors recommended me to tiy a change of air. So I came ti Darley Abbey anil my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Iłerby. I fonml, however, that all the beds in the Hospital were full, and I saw my clnb doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said,'Fou are in a galloping consumption <uid must dte'; the other doctors aftęr sounding aiy lungs anj chest, nothing, but shook their heads. "Getting a little better n»y old master alluwed me to do what little I could in his gaidius and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and would then be away for a few days. Thines went on like this until Oe ember, 1888, when I caught cold, got very uhort of breath, and broke down completely. I was always conj>biiig and spi ting np phi gm, sometimes as mn -h as a tea-cupinl at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the pKUsgm vmdd choke me. At this tim> tli'j whites of my tyes turned \ ellow and my cy<s were blotidsbot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a odd clammy swea'. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "'l mraaged to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the fnmitnre 1o move a few yards.' 'I was always tired and weary, and fitting or lying was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bare the least I'Oi-c, and the children at play quite npset me. "The doctor "kept on attending me. but he said, -I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I conld bear of. One thing wa6 a cough cure from L"ntlon that cost 22s a V»tUe But nothing did me any good and my friends who came to see me said, "ireU, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' About ibe middle of March, 1SS9, a neighbour named Joseph Xatham who works in tie paper mills at Darley Abbey, Mid to m e , ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigcl's SyrupJ" and told me bow be haa been cured atier being in the hospital. He spoke to much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores, in Victoria Street. After the first d.tse I had an evacuation bluck as ink, and vomited. Then 1 fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for thiee days my. -breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to get out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who ask<>d what had wrought 'the improvement. and 1 told him, as I tell everyone that Mother Seigel's Synip had saved my life. 1 commenced work at once aud have never lost a' days work' since. "Of course my. strength did iiot retora all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was -strong as ever in my life an 1 have -continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, .Mr Gaskin re .baests .us to refer all doubters to hinjor .to MroKeetly, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, wh is acquainted with all the facts alleged. M rati at kin has lived at Darley Abbey for 22 yers and bears an excellent repu'-ation. Now. what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of therdoctors thougld), or }te tcould have galloped into- his grave in less than three months, instead Of giówing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or -chronic gastric catarrh), which haB lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treattd. When the right remedy.. Mother .Seigel's Syrup, was used, thedifease yielded, a» all diseases of thedigestive tract do yieM to that magnificent preparation. We brartily congratulate Mr Caskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case tothiuking people. 