THE SLOWBOB FAMILY GHOST There was no end of excitement at Hollydale when it became known that a gentleman rejoicing in the name of Timothy Slowbob had purchased Cypress Grange. The old house had been empty for many a year. It was once the residence of a wicked old Squire, who mortgaged his estates to the tops of the trees in the carriage drive, drank port until he required an escort to bed, and was nicknamed Nimrod on account of his sporting proclivities. The building, with its many painted gables, moss-grown terraces, and surrounding grounds, and an evil name, and it was not the sort of place a timid person would care to pass on a wild, blustering night, with snow in the air, and the wind shrieking like a pack of banshees. The people of Hollydale all agreed that if Cypress Grange was not haunted, it ought to be, for it had huge panelled rooms, dim and mysterious corridors, galleries with here and there a piece of old armour still remaining upon the walls, and vast cellars, where perhaps in days long past conspirators had whispered plots, or men, women, and children had lain hidden, and trembled as they listened to the thunder of war between Cavalier and Roundhead. So it was just the very happy hunting ground for a good old fashioned ghost, grim, ghastly, and deliciously transparent in the moonlight. Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with the place, and he bought it out of hand, no cxtra charge being made for cobwebs, spiders, rats, and mice. As for the ghost, it might walk if it liked, or keep away. He was perfectly inde. pendent of it, one way or the other, as he had a ghost of his own a real family ghost. He was blessed, among other enviable things. with a handsome wife, a sturdy son and heir, and extremely pretty daughter, and plenty of money. Some people said that he had founded his fortune on pickles others that he had, so to speak, tumbled head first into a mine of precious metal during the Australian gold fever; a few whispered that le had made thousands in a single day on the Stock Exchange; but all agreed that to was a jolly, open-handed, generous, plain-spoken, no- hum bug-about-him gentleman, and that his arrival at Hollydale had practically saved the place. The grocer, baker, and, in fact, all the trades men, except the undertaker (who, by the way, knew more comic songs than anybody in the village, and sung them well, too), received such astounding orders that they met in the village street und shook hands with each other. Speech failed them, and they could do nothing but gasp and grin in their delight It was rather late in December, 1880, when the small army of bricklayers, carpenters, furnishers, etc., turned their backs on Cypress Grange, and made room for the Slowbob family and the servants. The very first thing the new squire did was to frame a programme for the forthcoming holidays. The wants of the poor were to be attended to, the school children to feast their hungry little interiors on good things and their eyes on a Christmas tree, with branches laden with presents, and well, I am almost afraid to tell of the wonderful things put down upon the programme, lest I should not be believed. One bright frosty afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving his sister Dinorah to the rail. way station in a waggonette drawn by a pair of dark bays, which could not matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart turn out, and Tim handled the ribbons in it masterly style ; but smartest and prettiest of all was Dinorah, with her checks glowing with health, her dimpled chin making love to a sable boa lucky boa!-her blue eyes dancing, and her tiny feet peeping out-they insisted on peeping out, and would take no denial--from under a large bear-skin rug. " I wonder, Din," said Tim, as he made the whip crack like a pistol-shot, " if they will both come down by the same train ?" To this question Dinorah vouchsafed no reply. It made her thoughtful, and an expression half demure, half mischievous settled on her face. And not without reason, for Captain Herbert Rennon-who had smelt gunpowder with bullets and cannon-balls at the business end of it, and was a perfect fire-eater-had whispered certain tender words in her ear, and repeated them on superfine note-paper embla zoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanley Gilderson had done exactly the same thing, and heigho! it was a choice of two, and the rivals were coming to Hollydale to spend Christmas. There had already arrived one visitor at Cypress Grange-Jack Stanfleld, the son of i 3Ianchester morn, who had. wonrled llhis wvay Ul from orzand boy to millipnaire. Juck vwaes rather matter-of-fact young man about two and twenty years of. ago, and looked the very last one to fall in.love for some time to come. "L tave't time," Ire wollld any w\hen spoken to on the subject. "You cee, my guv'nor insists upon me attending to business, and I have to drive as hard at it as a junior clerk." Jack Stanfield and Mr. Slowbob went out for a rido onr horseback, while Tim nnd his sdetor drove to tho station; and they were back again just as the waggonetto with its distinguished company and heans of lujgage coam clattering through the drive, throwmng up the snow and shaking down the hoar frost liko showers of diamonds, " iHero they are !" cried Timothy Sloweloh, running down the terrace stops. ' Welcomo my noble captain !-welcome Gildereon ! God bless you and us all! Merry ChristmRs! Come in -come in ! What splendid weather for the holidays I Ia, ha, ha !" That laugh was loud and joyous enough to act the church belle ringing out of very sym pathy, and the style in which Timothy Slowr bob shook hands with the young men would have warmed a heart of stoneo. Captain Roenon was a tall, thin man on the wrong side of 30; Stanley Gildersou was his junior by some five years, about the emedium height, dark, and would have beenr good- look. Sig had his nose not boeen a trillo too long for his face. IIto andl the captain travelled down fromo London in separate carriages, and Lad said very little to each other during the exhilarating drive from the station. Neither seemed overpowere I with joy to oee Jaetck Stanfield, who was tall, broadlshouldered, and as ruddy as if he passed his lifo in the ope.. air; and to make matters rather muro comnpli cated, he deliberately lifted Dinoruh out of the waggonette, and ilatced her, with her foot twinkling in the air, on a step swept clean of the snow-whlich was a bold act, and a rather unreaaannble one in a young mail nwho had not the time to listen to Cupid's arguments . The old diningroom teemoni with light and warmth when the party assonl,aleed liter olr, and if there was any cause for complaint, it certainly might have come from the aunmptu. ously-laid table. " I have settled down at last to be a real ola country squire," said Timothy Slowbob, rub. Ling his hands, " and if lfo s grated me, I will play the part well. 1l3as Ine, I carn look back 10 yearo and see myself rcuttling along the foggy streets of Lorndon, witth rny breakfast in one pocteot and my dinner in the other. IIow little I thought then of beinlt master of Cylmres Grangeo or dreamed of anything bettr than a small house and a bit of garden. llet mind you," he added, " I sprang from a gooid tcck. The Slowbobs were great people houndredsl of yeacrs ago, and on mny mother' eisle there ir arioteratie blood enough to turn the pager of lBurko's t'eerrgo blue. And that accounts for our fimily ghost." " HIIraw, haw !" laughed Caltain Itcnnon. " D)o you really beliove in ghests ?"' " I don't want to bolievo--I am co:lvinrced," Timerothy Slowbob rejolined. "I am not convlnco?l. ,bat I caeo believo,' said Jack Steanfie-d. " What il your opinion on t!lsurehjct. Mr. Grilderison ' " WVeally." replied thire gcntleman addrcaceld, Swho was blessed with an interestio gimpedi mcnt in his speech--" weally-now, weally, I have never een a gholst, hut I dcrethay other peoople have. I should like to hear whal l.ithl SSlowbob thays." " Oh, I ehave never ceca our family ghort, hbut I must put implicit faith iil rly father," DIinorahsaid. " It is one of iris pet Chlristmin ubjecets, and no doubt he will tell you the story after dincer." " For my owa part." Captaein Leron chimedl Sir, " nothing would delighlt tee so much as to rneot r ihcst. I would turn thie fellow to ac. count-lput timre under a gla's case, you tlle?o, and clhiiht him as a curi-'sity all r:icer the country. Whyl, I deelare--hala', hesw !--that Mr. Sanfiehl ier quites pale." " Urndetr the lamplicht, I confers," Jack re plied. "eut, to tell you ithe truth. I have read aned teard eo much ahleut h0sats theatl EhOUld not care to ererochs my mind mtuch on the cubjcet, Ist that- " " 'ou wroull grow nervrous," the clstaill inteerfeel. " You ayr put it thie wayc if ye-u like," Jacs .ililnt le returned. " I e.ees abloeut to deey, ,:t it eiuhle trouble me, and Loltcr iey slecie with ugly dreams." Tir:eithy Slowieihb's fameilvgheast rea tenpo-. rtar:iyid; and other tra:n: disca r edl. Whel:cn. e-r0r Captoin eRnnou roade a emars: tO Uimrb, 9tn!rv Gillersoon glrtrd at him, oan whe Stan!t-y Glilderson follo?eod auit1 the cop. taLin frowned tdartly, and glared at I.;,,. 'hnt thI g nt 0e1 w0o l ft to theioCr wine it r?ea cosy to ::o tL.it Tiaothliy SwarLaob t:d?d nrcnacoura gemaet to tell il about his fa.mily ";h `.0t, and ono !ti t a u:as idat to n·t Llta I The t~ory," lie cId, " Las Leod: ha:ndetl dov an frout: g,'ecration to renrat;ion. In tbo ii ya when Ch:atllia tha I.ist sat Lo unstL..dily cut tho tChrone, one portion of tha S!o; I.ita livoc1 in luoe.an uhamii hira. ,ra:cs ilowl.ob o;vncdI a gcoolly caite, -rida l tqucit, I:.c,.b!o liife, but ulnfortai-tcly Lis tWOo swon, ii:t YO viN folloowo, too': up altn!:. Frank for the onl, d 'hiliri for the I',.ii t:eaitt. " It was at mior:blotitoof a!Tairs for all concerned. Tthir grey-haircd f.dthlr i :,plohcd thirn on ll kisne to remain in broth.irly love and at hoirn, bot ho apo::o to deaf cars, and hii f tlhcrly couans?el paa:ied unhd ledd. F" Frtikri?eo away to join a Cta:lier reI, neont hound for Oxfiord i; 'hilin nlisted at Uxbridge, which, after thi fruitless uttcrn ut of the ropro lntativns of thie opponsite parties to forml a treaty of plear, fell into the h:ands of the se-co:llltd Htoundhlads. " The winter of 1610 pasled ,wa;, nd ilth the spring the fighting, began u moin- in re.al carncct. A battlr waos fought and won by Cromweli's adherents, and i, lman felt lltore fluahed with triumph than I'hilip Slowbchi, whoi for his valour hall bicun promoted to a cap taincy. " On that very ayay hohal id leda vnuadrou of Ironaldcs to victory, dlashii:3 through the thinned ranks of the brave but dospairinl Cavaliers as if thety were no mulc paper. AnIld nowheo eat int hli tlot, writing to tlil fatthlr, who lay ill and heartbrol:cen at home. " ' The war it nearly over,' he wrote, t ond in ia feiV months I hope to be with you agaiu, to receive your forgivene?o aind l le'ing. If Frank liven, he :vill v ce the error of his w.ays, and join the popular CaunO'- it" Io got no further, for thoe paper wa'o Fad dcnlyv rn:iteli d by an la:ictlot hand, tornto It . outndriedor'?.no-:-tan ot to:=: el'aotloyo.oo i-touf-ile in thonair. Fiilled witl liorror, t'hli,,iiptilioed out of the tent, and flidl to nvuotheroculeoid lty 'Evcral of his camuradee. White to the lihp, hi told them what he had expoerIeneo d; bout hio nas only laughed at, and told he had bot n dreanm itg. '" No, no !' he wailed : I was in my sober, waknleful tenses. My brother Frank io dead !' i" And slain by your own hand,' whispered a voice int his car. I Oh, brother, brother, that it should have eome to this 1' " ' Ife-ord ?you not that:' Philip t hrikl:eod. ,ry brother r; epirit idcelaren it wnte miy handr th(at deslpoiled his boldy of Ibrca'th. lieo crie for vingloentic,; hii Mood is on tity he adl! Oh, merciful hoaveo., whatI Lovo I don:e?--what havo I done ?" " Ila lbrother olicr'ri, in alitrm, sent for ai surgeon, who, havinte bled hit, aiuhtiiateicd ta noothiting drau:ht, oatd orderetl that he shouhl ba put to ibol without dl:loay, mnd clos?ely watched ; for I'hlilip'i andden nmo;lady ion : put dtown to a rginlg fever whichndl fIi onattaktel tmon freih from tth field of battle. "o hilip made ino rristanc? e Ihat ver. 11,o rpcla!ed hist conviction thItt hi brothler Pratkt! wao dead, o thenl t lyingdown, t:lkci cdtinly, but sadly, to the matn laced in then tent. "tNoew Philin suddenly nawv a rhonge come over ithe nollier. ti can oif noteel hioeiare a gaily- plumed hat, hlin bret-pllato was trans. foined iutro a tunic, and the iaon n's ro'lgh featureo mollal into tthe liketoean of i-rank. "P hilip know that he wte in the preotencme of his brothlr'r lpectre, aind hi lay npIeechlicu, anll bound under an awful lpell. " ' trotlhr.' ioil the glhot, ' do not takoily beath, to heart. You elowr iei inttnoteutly its the charge, and all I vsk is ithat you will Teelr my body, and ero thItt t is put de,:cntly untler theI earth. I died for my country, and I oam per mnitted to coeon to you for :, ierief ilme, to tell you that whenever ita memlobr of our family is in danger of tudlden calamity or of hlritit bhiaong lotne, I shall warn tlim or her, an the canse tiay boe. Stulc I nhall d in the Ft iril, becauco I lost my life at my own brother's hando, and the curao that i utpoln himt is upon nme, for owe were at variance, tnld tor hlando agntiinst each other. I am doomed to haunt the earth from time to time. Adieu, Philipj! Throw aside your armra and ltaslion hoIle; our father in dying, and it in only right that one of his sons should receivo his blesing.' " Philip uttered a iharp cry and ntarted up, andl o l! there oat the Ironbido loaning drownil y on hls sword. 'The young officer was so ntmuch impressed with the vision, that on the follow ing day he received 'permission to roeturn homc. And only juit in time. His father wao dyingl: the oands of his life were running out fast, but he was nlill conscioun. " 'Oh, my von,' raid the old man, ' I have praved that yoa might return. I have already ýoecn Frlankl, but. not in the lesh. tIe in doea& dead --uidad ! Woo the hour that you loft my roof I Andhero under thits rooeef le1 a new life. ItIent of thel grievous error yeaou have comunitted. Reopent ina rue ioiccrify of heart, for your time is short" " The old ton u'a lipl moveid agaFIe , Litt thl words died away, and his spirit fled. " Philip Ehut himoself up in the old hioso, rceing nobody but hiia man orvwit, and ere the year panedl hi iined andn died." " I thay," lisped Stanleyv i ilderon, as .Ir. Slowbob ca?osod snkinitg, ,' what a dwendful othory Ia the ehttue ghith over lbon theen ?' On noteral occ;aitono," MJr. Slowhlob replied, solemntly. " iy grandmothl r trwa engaged to be mnrried to a neo'r-do-well who had .? greedy eye onl toar moltly, anld the ghost warn.ood her father of it. I firmly believ tfloht if any rascal or adventurer oevr cam to Ity house the ghost would apI oar and frighton Lit out of Captait Ierbert Rennon eat nalctit, and fidgeted about as if certain uogly thoughtllt troubled thu,. lI was none too rich, nuld ad mado up his mind to woo and win Ditt:raob, but ho wishod that nht had a better name to change than each a one as Slowbob. It cer. tainly wnas not colnmonipla;co, but on the other hand it i as neither InuIieal nor atistocratic. " B theo way," ho said, "I should ittaginu that tf,- family name was originally SlobonugIh, and hecame corrulpted." "Slowhl b is good enough for Ine, at ill eventn," rotlurnrd his boot, rat hlr sharply. " I f it had been Thi-khead, I should have lha1i toi put up wcith it." On tno folloiving mnorning, after Ibreakfast, Captain Itenoon buttonholed Jack :ttlatiell, and whispered somotlintg mstetriou in his tear. " Oh, yes," Jack aid : " it cart be manaeged without mocrh trouble, but it is rather ia dart plot. It might end in fit, you knooy." " I-I ility trust you I hope?" the captain stammered. " Certainly." o" Well, th.l:, I din't mind tnllihg you( that I am madly in lovo with iol)ioe'lh tion:bott, aidi that I would ihargo ant armiy vitiin-handted to make her mroy wiife." "I wvill get what you aok, aoln have it sent dowon in my tnaie," Joack noll; " lut you tust be extremely cautotio.. It woult bh a furfaul thing if any tistrtko wnt luflllo. Faeny. for in otanco. ani iquift at (Jitristitars -tido! lThe bare thought it too Ihorriblo to contemplate." ABloit an hdur later Jack lStlfieldl wenit for a "conotitutionl " in the park. His faco underwcont nevcral clhanoiel an hto strode alog?; liko a youeng gialt. Sonotiins heo looked vevry grave and exoorisedo iu hin inilld, blut o laloV .oiui thl he libroke into a loud Ilanugh, iand ouaptpeol his flatgera contemptuousloty. Ainy ntrrlnger might have thought that lhe wan rehearnir;g it part for amateur llcetrical, blut thern wain somctlog ti hn m Ilor ilactingt pt.ioug in taulter Jack's tinld. Suddenly theo rotloJrt of oa nul aono the whirr of a litroaig-twingtcl 1ihouaaatt i artled hito. "Ihoand ag:tiui, air," Jetl a groul voice. " ,lithed I I'vel done niothloing lut mtith the birdth. H1ero take the boathlyb gua, Edwuards; ny flingertlh arc Ilo ilutIb that I can't feel thern. Ith timo that I weti boco, as luntheon muth to almost loatly." "The victim-thei rivol, I mnean," nmutllteredl Jack Stantleld. "Andr hero hcbo o nea. llppy birdl, to tthave ion olltro foroidlable nllurkosmnll tot fear!" Stanloy Gilderson wos a night to riec. Ilis ' got uIp"' would have ntaile the lheart of a siporting tailor glad, fr hi,; costunto wan ios oerfect an hie ,hooliua'na thel dlirect opp.o "(lOh, I they, Sthanfit ld, you are thn very man Iiwalt to then,"h'o cried. " Yeou imay ge back, Edwlarde, and taken thoat leathlly gun wilth yol. I tha'It watt it any more whlile I'm here." '!uhe kIoper touchelt his hat ao hel, pockaot,:, half- a-noereaigi , alnd muttered, a ho turnedi upon tlio heel : ".ontle gioood jol, too. lThe way hl hmaidleuit that 'cro e unu rr.al nmo thilnk that ioe'ot leirn 'ratlising at oi tlr: o inlte-d lol phna!,rs: lent." :tanley Gilder..-n took .Tok Sin: n ;llf!'e arm ia the mnt frierndly rmanntur i:oangioable, and as ton bega to talk, ,Jrak'e er'eo grerw roundter and roondor. " You'll Inoit for mo, my 10ood fellow, woe't yoau'" 0;dhlwro',n atl. "''You tl, c. ii it c.ame adlrthld to mc it would extLito th!uth " V,'ry we!l, 1,ut" " Tho fact iti:,"l:til';nln i yilol rnon itrpli :I, I ntm mnovdly iin layo, witlh Dinorih Thl,,iootob. 0iy,:'arfiilah, om otlc,-, io . loo e upto m' liigor'etindth, lout t dcu't tlito eon, way c,:l tno ,ro ipoth e un t!l'- --- ' ' writl tain at cr lthucbon. On tLe mo nAing of Chvri.itma 'v a I buty parc,_' arrived for J.:;k E.~ni:?L and Ic :sn a au it _. . b-.n ,:, rveye to !h -":.o: he c,:. r:u1 1 to d cc roud it as if h., L:.o lalc 3 Itsa . the ,: it'd rn on chur:ch ari, acc?rding to the i,:`U-t:l f .id, ar a;nd oa'r-^ give u'p their ded. 2ir iorht ! i.et a El an Lt wI:.r hoe ra-, there i; aaet;:ing 1r ys. te riaoua n d l I: : i $1 : .,th - nio .:t r tIto :!ock has c:n_-d !tr:iking; t"e!vc, un';il c!:hanti c':r, tihe Lr1dd of rtLo aorn, 'rlcla is the co:ino day. Bold is the man v;hi . ;ul, prowl in an old >ornaun churc: ",:';,: t , at rth i:$ so :ii t'P ci!io:u 1ee:. to h:'ave vt co of its own-r-lhwatly naumr..uri,.a of dcparted coundu 1f es;0 d;y. I. a . r" "uire : ure n e.,_l ,t.. ":p in .. hooeo r,:ltcdt to bh hIiunted, and ,pecialiy in one -.nero tile owner, like i.Ir. Timothy 1lowbob, Io toa having 1 pe0 t f:tiily lho;t. Just a10 tohe h:inda of the clock w1C: Ipointing to the hlour of ttlve, and tihohan incr trorabmleI and throbbed in its action to itir l; the gong. thero apprared in the pictture gallery the tail and :isl:ctral 'i;urt of a Cavalier, Thilu cA ouno of the ghost va0 perfect i1 every rparticul.r, 'even to the long gleamilng rapier which his I hostohip had drawn and clutchedh in a de::d ;lhit hand. ilhastly and luminous was thu figuro's face, and noisole'ady moved the ht1owhbob family ghlout over the po!ished floor, lright and hinliog ill the light of the full moon. lih, it was a blood ..curdlinng anud 1hideous eight ! At lboth nitralnce to the haunted pictouro gallery ran :t pai1ag, with Spacious bed chambers ca each sioe. Norw, the peoctre in cutering upon its mlidnight stroll must have iOasoed :itanley Uilderoou'a alcepilng apartment1; if it held its courso, it woald come upon the rooml occullpt.d by Captain Ilr1lert A lcatnon. (1*u ;talked tihe spirit of tho roetl"' t Cavalier. Suddenly it ,toild o?d perforomed a very un llhcOtiyke 1ip, for at thu oip'oitu uend of th0 a r':l in t ulitude, ald it isi no wonder, thonr, that thi i p: rticilar hbo3t should hI In:lch 1it onut at 1ili':n gthltit htll a rival illn a Ceet lineofl hosrifyin:g Lhrmlen pleoplo into filn. (;lo1t N:uniter O)n low,'red the ioint of its sword, and craned iii neck as if halif convinci e that there must bo a tall mirror at tho end of tihm gllery. hlnst N,inber Two 1.u~laed to ba in trouble w'ith it p,lumied hot, and caoto ltr:,ight on. " Ah-h-h11 Oh !" gurIgled (ihoot Number " O Y 1th--h 1! Oh !" shrieked ;holt tNumber Two. Then both hoo,'led in choruo, until the house resiniedl froll ?:iid to end with tlim hidetous oundsi, niwl having atort!ed everybody fromr their bo,l, fIll flat and lay still. i '1o:oId bleF; ul, what is the il:ltteril" ro:0red1 '1r. '!oro"ol,, tcerint out of his bedroom. "Ti-- Jalck! thero'n eilher a pack of wild cltts or the ve:ry deuco in the hoeo!" IIo 0;a 1 armed with it club, It relio of the s;i!h at ,ne as the ungratcful savago inipht ha;e ta1. !n (iaptal Cook's lifo with. " I1)n't bI' alarmed," i i fl,'' l rac:k itanliold. " Th'i S:lo', I f.i:nily ghiot Bhos lid itoelf-or, rather, two of tfltmr. C'olnm ornd 1eu '" Vhcn ti:he oerv.nts :toole ruoling upo1n the sc000ene with 1llnmp and candle, anid larmlled with we1aplll', :1(11n a bltltliderbllls 1 do1lwn to. tonot ;ng-fork, the gllls! niero found in t1he picture l,'tlliri. 'fhere, in tiho 1oon0ligh, cohl, white, 1an1d 1oti0le1', they lily. Pour thluigs, thoy ha,1 fain.llnto " What tiL dickens i; the Ieanhirulg of this "' hellowed Slow1'ob, :1,hior. " 1\Vy, herc's iMr. IGileoir.on and Captatinl Ietnan t1ich0ed out likeo ma:lslreral ra." " They hal Lotter be taken to their room.," Jack Stanfield raid," and at ia moro suitable time I will explain ill." " Explain aI Ill'" CaIIJed the o0d gentloman. ''It will tat:k seuil tne0 to exllain why my h1u:'0c .hould 13 turne1 d into a galanty show. ' I:y thios n ime thl " gthost" wor1o lowly re covering, :and they were borneo acwa in oppo itte dl;rttion, 0as limp an ral1. 'Then iank Stantieldl goav vent to hiL feelings. 11a lnlghed till he ericl, and cried till he laughed. Tlo hung on to anything and everybody ho could catch hold of, and looked 0o apopleclic that 'Tinm Slowbob thumped him on the bac1k like a drum and brought him round. "It's thelfunnib t thln;1 you 11evr hcnrd of,"he 1aid, witlh tear1t0 of mlirth still s'reaming from his aye's. " Cap!ain IRennon asktd me to get 1Idim a Ci'vaier's drc1ato Ilay tih glhcst with. Ilis ido1t was to pay liideioorito a visit, and fiiglhtns him out of the hou1ae. And-ha, ha, 1ha, oh, my id:l0!-(iildortoni concoivoed the samo iltln. and11 lhad the cootumro eannt don from ILondon. They both rubbed their halnd and fa1n0 vwith pholll?orluO, and--oh, bravo r plhot of the SloItwbo faintly !-the:y m?t. I thilnk--ha, l.', hol!--they wouhl hl.vo- iiLu. f glad to gIo und1rrc11und,1but the iloor.0was juat oa littlo too co0d." o Neither C.apain IIerbLert Mona nor Sitanley Gi1t, rnen cili lmed Lo c?aro omuch for th111 Chrit mapor0v101, and altiough no word wtas uttered Sby tllhi kindly hlot or any rmember of his lomily of thu uoct1urnal roevel, both hial made, upl their linds to Icoveo Cypre,': rIanlgo as soon as tley could within the boutlnd1 of politllenes. IThey departed next day. travelling hin lccpratu carriages, and oach ill hRls hcart bado a long and liltiuog farewell to I)iuorlh. E:arly in tho enrning spring tho gallant cap taini aw a n0otico in the Iimes to the effoct that 1)inorah ,!owtbob had changed her name to StaLnfeld. "Conlfound it !" said the captain, tearing the laper in t w,. " She would have been my wife now if it had not0 been for that lying otoryabout the Slowhob family gho110t." And, itra llely enoughlli, Stanlov Gildcrson wasu of the rame opinion.-/ Ice/dlto ltlg'et. 