THE VICTORIAN MOUNTED RTIFLES IN ENGLAND.. (By E. J. in Tangaratta Chronicle.) WE had eight days practice at' Windsor, be fore the tournament at Islington came off, j ivhich greatly improved each of us. The weather 'as bitterly cold, the whole time, and rain fell every day, to add to the misery. We had a good time of it. however, and were i treated 'sell by all classes. We were present ut a dinner by invitation, from the officers of the military tournament, at the Hotel Metro iole, London. The dinner was presided over by Major-General Phillip Smith, C.B. and there: were present some of the most dis tinguished oflicers of the British Army. We were entertained in the most friendly and hospitable manner. The toast of the Victori;n - Mosounied Rifles teamn was proposed by General Smith in a very flattering speech, and was rc 'spdnded to by Lieutenant-Colonel Price. We left Windsor for Islington tao days before the opening of the tournament. The Agri cultural Hall is a vei'y large buildinsg being I "250ft. long, by 100ft. broad, and all the events are performed inside the building, 'whiche is very convenient for an audience. During practice of the display, the day bafore the opening at Islington, I sustained a nasty fall, through my horse striking oine of the a ~5umparc ry eanvily. 110 turned.comupletely over on top of mo, bLut Ifortunately escaped with a few bruises and cots about the face. There were a great number of the different regiments of the English volunteers camped at Islington,. when we arrived there and we had an oppor tunity of seeing theim at the practice. We saw enough to know that we had our work "cut out for us to secure a place in some of the events. On Tuesday may 26th we made our first public appearance and our receistion w'as splendid. Our entrance was the signal for rounds of applasuse, our welcome being far beyond our expectations. The hall was crowded, which was, in some measure due to oourselves. We had no events to complete in the first day, and we were surrounded by a cio'sd the whole of the time. An English croivd manifests a welcome in a different manner to Australians. Ass Australian is satisfied with a clap of the hiands, and a hearty " Hurahi" but hiundreds of the big crowd at Islington would have a hearty shake hands with us, and with us a hleartv welcome to dear old England. We were besieged by many with ensquiries after fliends who were living some'shere in Australia. They seemed suiprised when we told theem we had never met their friends. They had no idea as to the size of our lorious continesnt. The second day of the tournamenit, we had a run at heads and posts, but ve were unsuccessful iin this event. In the mcsounted msel, however, we wvon easily from our oppossents-an auxiliary team; and our victory "-as received with cheers from all sides. The chief event of the -' hy was first trial at the wrestling on horse hack. Our opponents were six men of an - auxiliary regiment, and it looked, as if they would have an easy victory in disposing of us. They were all taller and bigger ineis than we were, and they appeased sanguine of success. The onset was sounded, and each man grapped with his opponent. It was a test of strength and skilli, ano Engliahmuu ,ndQ kubtoiians 'ltrove hard for the mastery. The conflict, however, was very short, ant decisive, and in a very few minutes the English horses were -ridkrlow. 17< ,l Cdlt ,-,Y , Lp-1ya t1e5 ringing shouts of applause greeted our victory. The next day we had our first run at the tent spegging, and Morley, one of our best allround men, got a leg-in foi firstprize. There was some smart work done in this event by some of the English soldiers, ansd great credit was due to our man for Isis clever work against the best Lancer regim ents. In the lemon cutting Morley and myself tried for second place, but in running off I was put out. \We had a second trial, at the mounted melee mand wrestling oni horseback, and we secured easy victories in both events. On Saturday 30th inst we received an invi tation to take part in the trooping of the colors at WVhitehall in honor of the Queen's birthday. This, was the greatest honor con ferred on us, as this ceremossy is generally performed by the' IHousehold Guards. The dat, howeves, turned out very unfavouralhe, there was adesnse black fog evesywhlere, and the rain came down heavily. This did not deter us, however, and we started off vesy early for Whitehall. We had one of the Gumirds as a guide, hutijust before we reached our destination, two officers met us, and in "formed us the ceremonsy Isas been postponed. We return to the hall in vexation, wet through, and generally iiserable. On June, 5th, the .second last day of the tournament, we had the final tussel with the Euglishmen in the sti- estling on horseback. They had the best 'six men they could raise against us, and if lize hlad anything to do with it, we would not have had " the ghost of a show." Our team was a very light one, but our hopes were centred in Morley to dispose of two or three of the Englishmen. Our victory, however, Swas as sudden and as easy as our first one, and there was only one of our men dismounted and he managed to bring down his opponent with him. I will never foiget the cheers which arose at our victory, anti I believe everybody rejoiced with us. In the mounted melee, which was the final, we had another easy victor3, and this event concludet our nsrr ·~i-~r · r6cun eo coulrnatucc. uravr Carrington came and shook hands with us all, and expressed himself highly pleased at our success. On Saturday, the Gth of June, the Royal Military tournament was at an end, and we were well satisfied with our success and reception. From the first, we seemed to he installed as the favorites of the publie, and the cheers, 'shich greeted every appearanee and victory were veriy encouraging. T'ie Military both legualars and Volunteers, did their utmost to make things pleasant for us. T he tournament commnittee treated up splen didly, and expressed thlesiselves Isleased siths us in every wuay, as they had sufficient reasoii to be; because through our presence, the attendanceat the touesnament was double that of any previous year. On issany sasys theie were 15,000 people present, and thsousansds 'sere turned away for want of room. The attendasce for the whole time was ablout 200,000 which paid for adusission, just shoulhl the number of tIe previous ycai-. Clara: " So you are rcally engaged to Tom, are you That's a pretty ring you have, but it is not the same one I returned to him after we quarrelled." Sophie: "No; Tom said it was a new one." Clara: "I supposo Tom is in earnest this time, so Ire got struck anith a fit of economy, and sold time other ring smnd bought this one, and put the balance in the bank." * 