SOME DENTAL REMINISCENCES. 1 hate been dabbling a little in dentistry for the past few days., j and as far as I have gone I can't j say that I hanker after it as a 1 means of rest and relaxation. 11 had^ much rather sit in a barber's j chair, and have bitn pour bay rum j down my neck and ask me if I didn't want a sea foam or a scalp I eradicator. As unpleasant and) annoying to the sensitive soul as j that is. it is a Betnoven symphony alongside of a rest in a dentist's j chair. It almost makes a man wish he bad been born without i teeth, when he comes to having them filled. ° ' I mentioned this little bon mot J to my dentist but he only grunted and told me not to spit on the i carpet. There is something so J discouraging to conversation in the j regular course of dentistry that one bates to have the life knocked out of a little pleasantry by a I mercenary minded tooth doctor. A j man can think of a good many I things while a roan's fist and a set of boring apparatus is operating! inside his jaws, but he can scarcely j find words to give his thoughts ex pression. Then when the' merry! ripple of persiflage flows forth with 1 the saliva at some intermission of j the tragedy, he bates to bave it received as cooly as civil service I application for office. This makes the last of the Mac- j betb fillings that I bave had re j laced. There were six of them at first, j twelve years ago; all put in by the' j same master hand. | One by one they parted from me. j Some of them willingly,yea gladly, j in company with a piece of mo-j lasses candy, others broken off i abruptly in the full tide of their J strength and usefulness by a stray! bit of oyster shell. I had a girl j once who loosened a large front filling with one of her warm, vo luptuous kisses that drew like a mustard-plaster or a new piece of | suction hose. This last one I shook oat of a teeth-chattering contest where some one was telling ghost stories in the dark. Henceforth Macbeth and I. will be as though nothing had ever passed between ns. I carry no more of his bisul phate of zinc around with me and I am glad of it. My first dental experience hap pened in the early part of my career, but I never think of it without a recoil of horror, whatever that is. The dentist, whose tooth-jerking emporium and jaw-dislocating par lors I patronised, went by the! name of Macbeth. He looked like a man who would stoop to murder, if the man was I smaller than he or he had him down. I did not patronise bJm from choice but from policy. He I run a half square adv. in the paper on which I then worked, and one morning when I complained of a ! toothache, the editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Mac-1 beth kept a small showcase full of j teeth at the bottom of the stair way leading to his bicasped bazaar, I and the doctor who did business' J on the floor above, also bad a small, j but choice collection of aristocratic corns on the other side of the stair case. The affect, as we artists sav j was harmonions but startling " ' Persons would stomas they went j oy to look at the showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's display and point out Major Tay lor s three-pronged molar or Mrs. I Judge Tuley's troublesome hard 'corn.. When I went to Mr. Macbeth, I told him that a toothache was troubling me, and that I had & large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add tov bis collection. He said that he didn't usually put any but the teeth bC actresses and professional men in his display, but that he might make an exception in my case,'if I would give him a ten-line loeal in the next week's paper. rJ prOr mised the local, and a good position at top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the same in his case. That was, when I was young and proud. Now, I haye my teeth pulled, not necessarily for exhibi tion. Then I took a seat, opened my mouth and waited, while Macbeth made his explorations. When he retorned from the interior, hesaid there was no need of pulling tbi? tooth at all. That. it ought«to|_be filled. Hie also announced with gladsome Eurekanes, that hfe had discoyCTpd jive other large, tinder* ground cavities that ought" to he stopped opl In my guileless innpcence I told him to go ahead with the contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my mouth to hold it open, while he rummaged around among the assortment of rasps he kept on file. Rejecting some of the less deadly instruments, he selected his favour ite weapon and placed himself ' ib' an oflensive attitude. He placed his left hand across the bridge of i my nose to steady himself, and bra hand was as cold and clammy as the touch of a dear departed friend. I tried to remonstrate with him, but he had already begun opera tions, and I couMpm^jhink up things that I would say when 1 got loose. After staking but his claim, he began to bore for quarts. Every once in a while his gimlet would slip and jab a hole in my jaw. Then be would twist it out, brace his feet more firmly against the woodwork, and jab away again. So he went on, tapping a vein here, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind lead some place else, till all six of the cavities were filled. Mr. Macbetb's breath was nearly as strong as bis arm, and came near taking the place of chloroform. His hands also lead me to believe that be bad had tur key bash for breakfast, and had been dealt the neck. But I did not complain. When a man has his mouth full of small crowbars and nail punches, he is foolish to utter a word of complaint about anything. When I got a chance to get up and beat a honourable retreat, 2 did so. I think Macbeth musk have taken me for the late Mr. McDuff. 