THE OPAL RING. We were sitting round the smoking-room fire at H-- Hall, and when the clock showed us that a brief half-hour was all that was left of the old year, there came a pause, everyone apparently preferring his own thoughts to conversation. Not everyone, though, for Obarlie Selwyn sat five roinctes with a very depressed countenance, and then burst out " I wish some of you fellows would talk, and not sit staring into the fire like a set of corpses. If I put out the lights perhaps this wouldn't be a bad time for a ghost talk," and he jumped up and extinguished all- the candies, then went on: " I'm sure some of you are thinking about them now, especially Gordon, who might have lived among them all his life, by the look of his face; beside, he has on that beastly opal ring, which I hate. See it glitter, as if it sheltered within a devil or a ghost."! " Would you like to hear its story ?" said Clifford Gordon, looking up with a faint smile: "it ,includes a ghost, eo perhaps it won't be too tame, even for Charlie." "Let's light some brandy and make a green light," said Selwyn; "I'm sure it would add to the effect." "t1 daresay you know," began Gordon, " that lam a relation of Lord Gordon. Our fathers were cousins, but he has always been much more like a brother to me." ''Gordon of Grathorne Abbey ?" asked ,Charlie Selwyn. '!Yes; I visited there last Christmas for the first time, my cousin having always wintered up to that time at a shoetinz-box in Norfolk. WhenI arrived his sister Clarice -f"or:I forgot to say that Geoffreyis a'bachelor -met me in the hall and. with an anxious face told me that as all the rooms were full, I and a few others would have to sleep in the north wing. She hoped I would not be afraid, as there were several of us. ;I assured her that I had not the slightest otjection to the north wing, at which the looked much relieved. "An old mtan.ervant showed me upstairs; and after traversiog about a umile of stair cases and pssaages we arrived at the north wing, part of the original building, now about 400 years old. "' Way don't people like sleeping in this part, Thomas l' 1 asked. 'It seems to me the most comfortable place I was ever in.' ": Well, sir,' said Thomas, ' I don't think thbre is much against the room, rxcept that poor Ltdy Dorothy was kept here till she escaped and was drowned in the lake. Shall I send some one 'to unpack for you; sir ?' * "For the next fortnight we were hard workec', for it is not easy to keep fifty people arnusci, but as the frost held out, skating aundaleighing were n:uch indulged in all day, and theatricals and concerts, at night. At the end of the fortnight, when all were gone except myself and a few other relatives, Ciarice asked me if I would change my room. "' No, thank you, I prefer staying where I am,'. said 1. " ' I'm glad if you've sent the ghosta away,' she said. 'The servants all declare that if anyone slept there fourteen nights running, the spectres would never come back again.' ''\ Well,' I answered, 'I've slept there thirteen nights; I intend td sleep, there the fourteenth, so it is a bad lookout for the ghosts.' "That was New Year's Eve, and it was much'ruch weather as tnis, except that there was an awful gale all day which blew down big trees and left drifta in the park ten feet deep. We were all re.ther dull that evening, and Clarice ended off with hysterice, which did no: surprise us much alter all the fatigue of the last fortnight; so at eleven o'cldck rve separated and went to our rooms, and for the first time I thought mine rather ghostly, so I made up an enormous fire and settled myself on a sofa beside it, Aot feeling in. clined for the funereal bedstead, and began so read. By-and-bye 1 fell into.a half slumber which must have-lasted quite two hours, as, when I awoke, one candle alone was- flickering in its socket, and the fire was' very low, but [ did not feel inclined to make it aul, having that peculiar feeling that some. one else was in the room. I accordingly de termined to let it go out and try to go to sleep. But try as 1 would I could not help keeping awake, and as the room was now al most in darknees I seized the poker and .stirred the fire into a blaze. " When I looked up I was surprised to see a figure at the other end of the room. After a while it turned and approached me, and I saw it was a lady dressed in a costume of the last century, and having on her hand this ring. Presently she came quite close to me, Sand among other things which I ma:t not reveal she implored me to wear the ring while I lived. She would have no rest if some one didn't wear it; and she would come and claim it at my death. I noticed it sent red rays all over the room. 1 promised to do her will, when she.disippeared through a pannel, and I remembered no more. till I awoke in broad daylight, and found old Thomas stand ing beside me lookling dreadfully frightened; but he seemed relieved when I assured him I was all right, and sent him to fetch Geoffrey. When he came I told him everything, and pointed out the panel through which the lady had passed. He crossed the room and opened it, revealing a small recess, in which lay an old brocaded dress and a pair of satin elippers, which I instantly reoognised as those the lady had worn. "'But :what about the ring, Clifford?" asked Geoffrey. '" I held up my hand and showed him the opal, now pale and lustreles ais a piece of carnation. His face blanched. "' She always appears before a death,' he muttered. "When I was dressed I joined my cousin in the picture gallery. He,was standing before a small portrait, which I instantly re. cognised as my visitor of the night before, and on her finger gleaming the opal ring. '"I may as well toll you all Iknow about her,' said Geoffrey. 'She was the wife of some ancestor of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement ring. One winter night a traveller came and asked for their hospitality, as his horse could.go no furither. He turned out to be an artist, and Lady Dorothy insisted on his painting thispor. trait of her, which he did, and in the mean-. time gained her affections to such a degree' that a duel was the result, and her husband was killed. What happened to the painter no one ever knew, but poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in the north wing, from which she escaped oneNew Year's Eve and drowned herself in the lake.' "At this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming : "' Miss Clarics I poor Miss Clarics I I knew something would happen !' "We rushed off to Clarice's room, where we found my poor cousin quite out of her mind. "'I saw her I I sawhei' !' 'she kept repeat ing, 'She came through there, and 1 saw her I' "Inexpressibly shocked I hurried for a .. dootor; but it was bof no use. The poor girl never recovered her reason, and a mohth afterwards I herid of heil death.' "When we examined the recess in .my room. we found a secret staircase and a door into Clarice's room, and on one of these stepo an old cambric handkerchief and a shawl, which it is supposed Indy Dorothy dropped in her hasty flight.: :Geoffrey shut up the house I and has lived abroad ever sinee. I am told that he looksd quite an old marin, andhas white hair, but I have never seen him since that terrible day." When Gordo0i finished a deep silence pre vailed, and it was not broken till we heard the belle ringing in the New Year. We all crowded round the open window, and there were many hand:shakings and good wishes exchanged by all of us except Gordon, who slilped out, unperceived in the:general movement. "Funny thing," mused Charlie. " I wonder if it is true? must be, though, since he's got the ring. I always thought there was something connected with that opal; it glitters so much; and to-night it was quite red... We separated soon after this, and when my man called me in the morning he brought a few lines hastily scrawled on a scrap of paper from Gordol', telling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would I ex:plain matters to our host. For ten yearsI had neither heard nor seen anything of Gordon. I had sold out of the regiment in which Charlie Selwyn was now major, and a t:led, down in a comfortable place that an uncle had opportunely left me; and I had just invited a lot of people for a Christmas and New Year's visit when some not very pleasant bu-siness obliged me to cbuntermand all my invitations and pene. trate into Germany, which of all places in the world seems to be the worst to spend the winter in. I had finished every thing, and was hoping to get home in time to see the New Year in: bat I was doomed to disappointment ; and after the trains had been getting slower and slower, on New Year's Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter came and managed to make me understand that I mutt get out, as I was the only pas senger, and the train did not intend to go any further. " But where the deuce is this ?" I asked, looking about me in despair and seeing no thing but the Rhine and a very small town on its banks, which at this point are most. uninteresting, and, in fact, remind you of Holland. At last I managed to make out that it was Neuwied, that.the" Golden Anchor" and the W iid lian " was ohut, and tliit the only place where I should be likely to get rooms was the Moravian Hotel, which,, for the ex horbitant amount of five marks, the porter cfered to show me. Could I have rooms ? Yes, certainly, and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, showing me into e. sitting-rcom with a fire in it. And should they take hot water up stairs, and :what should I like for dinner? This sounded comforting, and it proved so, too, for. after a hot b ath. and an excellent dinner I felt rIfreshed and set myself cheer fully to work to read some Graphics a year old. But 1 was not long alone. The pro prietor evidently thought he might as well come and converse with me, which he did, giving me his views on German politics, which were quots different from anything I had ever heard Defore on the subject. " And have you no one else here to-night ?" I inquired. *" Only a Garman lady and her daughter who occupy a sitti-g room upstairs," he an. swered i but if the gentleman wishes I will ask them to come and talk." " Not ait all, thank you," I replied, the idea of having to converse with two German ladies being too much for me. " But 1 meant English ; you have no one else here, 1 euppose ?' Toe landlord's face grew grave. " Yes, we have one Englishman here," he said, "but he will be gone before the morn ing., fear, poor fellow." " "How do you mean-where is he going ?" I inquired. "Home-he is dying; perhaps you would like to see him 1" I did not much like the thought, but it seemed to be such an awful thing to die away from everyone in a foreign land, with no lellow countryman near, that I coinsented, and the landlord took me upstairs to a room in which were a German doctor and trio Moravian oieters watching their patient, for thtre was nothing lese now to do for him. I went soitly up to the bed and looked at tha dying man, whose face was in the shadow, but one of whose hands lay on the counter pane. On it glittered an opal ring. "Anderson I" said a voice; and as he turned his head I recognistd Clifford Gor don. " My dear friend I" I murmured, and then I quire broke'downrD.. " Ask them to leave us; they can do no good new," he said. I turned to the landlord and told him this was an old friend ot mine,.and that he wished to speak to ie alone,,. whereupon he bundled the doctor and the ethers ous of the room and left us together.. "Anderson," Gordon began, " do you re member this time ten years ago, and my tell ing you about Lady Dorothy.?" "Yes, I remember it all," I said. " \ell, I have seen her again !. she came last night; and I think she will ,come again. for the ring." ' " Ihope not," I answered gently, althouigh even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. '" I did not tell you all," he said. " I have always been afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarice, butnI am not afraid how. Are those bells ringingin the New Yoor ?" "Yes, dear old frienid,'it is New Year's morning," I answered. " WYill you open the window ? I should like to hear them for the last time. Do you think you could raise me slightly ?" I put my hand behinid him and gently raised him. We remained silent for some time, und thsri Gordon said: "The New : Year has come now, has it not And Lady Dorothy-" hetsopped, and his eyes closed. I seized the bell-pull, but it would not act. When I looked at his hand the ring was gone. He was dead I . 