NEEDLES "Short, Sharp. Shiny." Pine. Sunny. Warm. Pugilism. Hudson's. Rose show. Cyclorama. Deputations. Irish politics. "Tom Cobb." A jolly outing. A beauty prize. "The Gold Girl." Imperial Institute. Maritime difficulty. A sensational trial. Exhibition concerts. A fine show of roses. A remarkable story. Troopers on " bikes." An impartial Viceroy. French labor troubles. Mrs. Parker acquitted. Corbett versus Jackson, Fatal railway accident. Compulsory arbitration. An examination of milk. London poisoning cases. Heavy rains in the north. An Australian lady's gift. A n6w uEe for the bicycle. Hudson's Surprise Party. 9 Intercolonial rifle matches. Totalizator Bill in Victoria. A garter for Lord Rosebery. New South Wales coal trust. ' Suicide in New South Wales. ' Burglars at work at Alberton. British concessions to Russia'. Difficulty in the baking trade. A pianoforte and vocal recital. The Gentle William back again. Moonee Valley Cap next Saturday. The licensed victuallers at Oakbank. Miners' strike at Carmaux collapsing. A constitutional difficulty in Victoria. Leigh's Creek North bore down 277 ft. Imperial federation adversely criticised. There are 918 Chinese in West Australia. Melbourne drainage loan fully subscribed. A munificent gift to the Imperial Institute. Telephone from New York to San Francisco. Crowded houses at the Exhibition Building. Champion billiard match continued to-night. Lord Rosebery has received the Order of the Garter. The late rains doing a great deal of good to the crops. Very little betting over the Melbourne Cup yesterday. This week is the sixteenth of the Broken Hill strike. The trial of Mrs. Clara Parker has ended in her acquittal. Nominations for the Gawler meeting close on October 21. A comprehensive paper on "Ventilation" from Mr. Woods. The longest telephone line in the world—New York to Chicago. Captain Hip well heads the list in the-con tinuous rifle match. Terrible mortality in connection with the loss of the Bokliara. Only three more promenade concerts at the Exhibition Building. There is nothing fresh in connection with th baking trade difficulty. A splendid programme for this evening at the Exhibition eoneert. Population of West Australia at the end of 1S91 estimated at 53,2S5. Memorial stone of the Bowden Bible Chris tian manse laid yesterday. The Port Augusta School of Mines cannot obtain a competent lectnrer. The orderly to the Chief Secretary now careers around on a bicycle. The new secretary to the V. A.T.C. has yet to learn a lesson in courtesy. The Federal Bank of Australia has issued it3 twenty-first half-yearly report. A fish pr&serving; factory has been started at Queenscliffe, Kangaroo Island. Many of the passengers by the Orizaba had to remain on the jetty all night. The Plympton Coursing Company has been formed with a capital of £2,500. The Federal Bank has made a profit of £S,27S during the last six months. A musical treat is afforded in the concerted numbers at the Exhibition Building. A crowded court cheered when the acquittal of Mrs. Clara Parker was announced. The Right Hon. Sir _M. E. Grant Duff ridicules the idea of Imperial federation. Another crowded attendance at the Exhibi tion concert last night, and deservedly so. The Melbourne drainage works loan of £1,000,000 has been subscribed twice over. Two inches and a quarter of ram in the neighborhood of the Beda bore in nine days. The famous quartet_ from " Rigoletto" will be given at the Exhibition Building to-night. The sixth issue of the " Year Book for West Australia" contains much valuable information. Owing to the failure of the strike fund the miners at Carmaux are tendering their submis sion. Police investigating circumstances connected with the murder of a Chinaman on the Daly River. The miners who went out on strike at Car maux, in France, are. tendering their sub mission. The French Premier is about to introduce a measure for compulsory arbitration in trade disputes. The sestette from "Lucia" evoked the greatest enthusiasm at the Exhibition Building last night. Corbett, the pugilist, has declined for a year to meet Peter Jackson in any engagement or for any stake. Mrs. Thomas Hudson's pianoforte and vocal recital on Saturday afternoon promises to be highly successful. Mr. Samuel Toms was one of the South Australians in London who identified the absconder Gentle. The Commissioner of Police expects to effect a saving in forage by mounting some of his troopers on cycles. The Northern Territory authorities taking all possible precautions to prevent the introduction of cholera from Chinese ports. Ticket office at the Alberton railway-station broken into on Wednesday morning. Result —nothing of any value stolen. An Australian lady has' presented the Imperial Institute with a peal of bells as a memento of the Queen's jubilee. In connection with the World's Pair tele phonic communication has been established between New York and Chicago. The past fifteen weeks show a decrease of £115,657 in the railway revenue as compared wish the same period of last year. The quarterly communication of the Grand Lodge ot Ancient Free and Accepted Masons ! of South Australia held last night. The London depositors of the Mercantile Bank of Australia have unanimously resolved ! to prosecute the Melbourne directors. The railway revenue for the week ending October 15 shows a decrease of £7,244 as com pared with the corresponding week of 1891. The Federal Bank holds £231,058 in consols and stocks, in addition to £22,000 at short; call and £360,510 in coin and cash balances. The Orient Company's litigation with the builders of _ the Ophir has resulted in the builders having to refund £39,986 with costs. The South Australian Government are being asked to send a special representative to the International Medical Conference to be held in Rome, 1893. Among the passengers drowned in the wreck of the Bokhara were a number of British mili tary officers who had been on a cricketing visit to Shanghai. A large number of subpcenas to witnesses for the defence of the labor leaders accused of conspiracy were served yesterday morning at. Broken Hill. Corporal Marsson, of South Australia, filled the fourth place for the Queen's aggregate_ at the intercolonial rifle matches now being held in Sydney. M. Napoleon Ney, who presides over the French Society of Commercial Geography, contends that Columbus did not discover America. Poor Columbus! Archdeacon Farr and Messrs. Hargreaves Hawkes, Robin, and Young ha\e been elected to the committee/ of the Adelaide Circulating Library for the ensning year. A Renter's telegram from Hamburg, dated August 30, eaid that a Vienna doctor depicts the state of affairs at Hamburg owing to the cholera in the' gloomiest colors. Sohool of Mines received tenders for a por-. tion of their models, and have extended the time for receiving other tenders for an 80-ton smelter and a roaster furnace till November 2. The Society of Psychical Research continues its investigations in the domain of ghosts and the latest number of the "Proceedings" oon tains a number of cases of a more or less un canny character. Says "Mentor": — "Mr. Harrie Smith, secretary to the V.A.T.C., 1ms something. yet to learn in the acquirement of a courteous de meanor towards those, whoee business it is to be present at the Caulfield meetiDgs."_ Among the donations received" by " the defence committee was one from ths woricers of a suburb of Melbourne, who stated that the amount would have been greater, but the Salvation Army came along while the matter was being discussed and upset the^harmony of the meeting. . 