IDitoatare. BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'Rainbow Gold,' &c.;, &c;, &e.; Published by special arrangement with the author. AU lights reserved.] Chaftee X. It was the seventh anniversary of the carriage of George Redwood and EUiee Green away.- The day fell upon a Sunday. The yeoman sat in an old-fashioned high-backed chair after breakfast over his morning pipe and a copy of the Weekly County Journal. He was ?already attired for church except {for coat and tat, and these, brushed to their last nicety, Jay on the table beside him ready to his band. He sat in the Sunday morning luxury of shirt sleeves enjoying his pipe with the conscious ness of rest and leisure, not so deeply in terested in the story of the preliminary meet ing of the Hunt Club but that he could find an occasional eye for the sunlit garden and an -ear for the voices of the house. He strayed restfully over the local intelligence, until on a tudden the heading of a brief paragraph started him Into a profound interest. He read Che paragraph twice over, 'and then rising ?walked to the foot of the stairs, ; which led direct from the chambgn1 to the upper regions of the house. ''' ?' . . -:?. 'Ellice my dear,' he. called* sf'-joat come, down here a minute, -will you ? T ve something to show you/' His wife's pleasant treble answered from Above bidding him wait a minute. He walked ?back to his chair and sat smoking rather solemnly -until ibis wifedesceaded with a rustle of Sunday silk. 'Why, George,' she said, 'you're looking as serious as a crow ; what's the matter ? ' 'Was I, my dear?'' said George. 'Here's 4m odd bit of news, now. Listen to this. * It will be within the memory of our readers that .somewhat less than two years ago we published the news of the melancholy disappearance of Mr. John Hetheridge, a native of Upnor, of this county. We now learn from the Austra lian journals that the provisions of the unfor tunate gentleman's will have been completely -carried into effect. The whole of hisestate has . been realised, and the proceeds, amounting to mole than a quarter of a million sterling, are funded in the English three per cents, for the benefit of his infant daughter. A stated sum had been set apart for alimony, but the bulk of . this great fortune will be allowed to accumulate vntil the young lady reaches the age of 18. ITe learn that the heiress is in the charge of the Reverend Jordan Farrell, M.A., the incumbent of St. John's Church, Wellstead, Essex.'' 'Whv, George,' fiaid Mrs. Redwood, ?'thatifbean enormous fortune by the time the child con es in for it.' 'Yes,' George assented, *' it's a lot of Money. Poor old Jack Hetheridge!' He must have had a rare eye for the main chance, though great fortunes do seem to grow out there like mushrooms. You might have done better than you did. my dear.' 'Oh,' said Mrs. Redwood. 'As how, -Gecrge?3 ?'You might have had that quarter of a ?million,' George answered, smiling seriously up at her. 'My dear lad,' his wife responded, shaking her pretty head with a smile as serious as his -own, 'you've got your faults and Fve found 'em out by this time, but there isn't another ?ma.ii in the world could have made me as happy as I have been. I have never wanted more money than we have had, thank God. I ?can think kindly of poor Hetbendge now, but 2 never could abide to think of the man when lie was alive. Fve never been sorry for my toaigain, George.' ' Nor I for mine,' said Redwood. ' You're a lot smarter than I am for you've found out any faults and Vye never set an eye on yours. That's your cunning in hiding 'em doubtless, for being a woman you're bound to be chock full of failings, big and little.' At that the -wife laughed merrily and stopped to kiss him, and justthen the church bells ? began to ring. 'There,' said Mrs. Redwood, smoothing ?the locks her husband's caress had disordered, ' X shall have to do my hair again and we shall be late for church. That's one of your ?faults, George. You can never let a body kiss you without hugging like a bear. I wonder how of ten you brought ray back hair down before we got married and made me ashamed to look my own mother in the face. -Go on with your pipe and paper ; I'll be back in five minutes.' She ran rterrily upstairs and her husband ?shouldered his way into his coat, left his ?newspaper on the 'table, and took his pipe into the garden, where he wandered up and ?down with an eye for the ripening fruit upon -the trees. His thoughts were still with Ms ?old rival, and more than once he murmured to himself of poor old Jack Hetheridge, 'Poor Jack I' *In due time Sirs. Redwood, appearing with liis bat and gloves, took his pipe from ^tim, .skimmed into the house with it and returning gave a series of final touches to his tie and wKiskers, turned him round for inspection, ?pronounced him fit to be seen for once in his life, and marshalled him oS to church, quite as proud as she had been on that eventful day seven years ago, and a great deal happier. In'a quiet place like Upnor any stranger is aioticeable, but the married pair had not gone a hundred yards upon their way when they en countered a stranger, who would have been noticeable almost anywhere. He was a tall, ?broad shouldered man, but gaunt as a grey hound and tanned almost to blackness by the jsun. He wore a great beard and moustache, so :sun' Scorched that it had grown to be of no -particular color. H3 wasdressed in respectable pilot cloth and wore his double-breasted pea ' -coat close buttoned. A broad brimmed soft felt hat was stuck carelessly at the back of his head and he smoked a short biaeK pipe, an salmost incredible thing for a man of respectable exterior to do in the streets of Upnor on a Sunday. In those days, when almost all men shaved scrupulously, the beard alone would ?have given the stranger a wild and outlandish aspect ; but apart from this there was at first sight something outre in the man's appearance —a something in the large, pale, grey-blue -tyes which, in their contrast with the tanned iicin, looked almost colorless — an expression as of one lost, a look altogether weird and un -carmy. Tbe stranger nodded as he parsed and said ' Good day' in civil fashion, and Redwood re turned his salute. 'That's an odd-looldng fellow, now,' said Eedwood, turning 100 yards further on to look after him. ' But -what a troubled face, George dear,' replied his wife. ' The man looks as if he had gone through a world of misery.' 'You women folk,' retorted George, 'are always fancying things. ' I'd lay a wager for . my own part that the fellow was one of those rollicking chaps that never know what trouble is from year to year.' 'You'd lose your wager, George,' his wife responded tranquilly, 'but I don't suppose that either of us'll be able to find out any thing about him, so where's the use of quarrel . ling?' ?? Ah,' said George, comfortably pressing the arm which lay within his own. ' Where's the xise'of quarrelling?' They entered the churchyard, filled with J scattered groups of churchgoers exchanging : harvest notes, news of the market, and all the \- little gossip of the place. The; old church clock; by which all clocks and watches in and about 4Dpnor were regulated, showed yet seveu j miiarfesio the hour, and George and his wife lingered at the churchyard gate-and'exeSiifnged ' good mornings' with their neighbors. -Whilst they stood thus the bearded man oame insight sgain, looking uncertainly about him, as if in search of someone to appeal to. 'George,' said Mrs. Redwood, 'there is that man again. He wants to speak to some one, I can tell it by bis manner.' Eedwood had already set a foot forward with intent to cross over to the stranger, when the man turned and accosted the individual nearest to him — an old fellow who, though a thousand times older than himself in aspect, excited neither curiosity nor regard. He, too, went bearded in defiance of the general law and was the more remarkable in that respesb because the beard was of a most strange and unusual red. Elf looks of the same color fell below his ears. A much battered, unbrushed, old. silk hat, a good deal too big for him, obscured bis brows, and he wore blue glasses with a sort of blinker on either side. He was bent double at the hams, and bis bands quivered paralytieaUy on the pair of sticks which supported him. He was dressed in very shabby and dirty black broadcloth, and what with his general slovenliness, his shuffling step, and hang-dog carriage of tbe head looked to be a very disreputable old man indeed. Tbe stranger stretched out a hand and laid it on the old man's shoulder as he shuffled past. ' I say, matey,' he began. The old man gave a nervous start as if the srip and the sudden accost had fairly frightened him. 'I'm not a goin' to hurt you,' said the stranger. 'You've got nothing to jump like that for. Tell me the way to Keynolds's faim.' 'I — know — not,' the old man answered with a strong foreign accent and as if he found his words with difficulty. 'I am 'ere sree rnonce. No more.' He waved one of his sticks in the direction of the churchyard gate, as if to indicate that there were people there who would be able to give the information asked for, and so shuffled paraly tically on again. The stranger turned in obedience to the gesture and Eedwood made another step forward. 'I beg your pardon if Fin wrong, 'he said, 'but my wife here thought you wanted informa tion. Can I give you any ?' ' Why, yes,' the stranger answered. 'If you know the country aide you can.' . 'Well,' said Redwood, with a little laugh, 'T ought to know that if I know nothing else.'' ??- ?: ' ? - ?-??? ? . . ' I want i£6 find the -way to Reynolds's farm,' said the stranger, knocking the ashes from his pipe on the palm of his great brown hand. . ?.. 'That's easily done,' said Redwood. 'There's the farmhouse over yonder ; that red brick building with the three poplars behind it. But you'll find nobody there. The place has been going to rack and rain this pa3t two years.' 'Nobody there?' said the stranger, falling back a step and staring at him. 'Nobody there? Not Mrs. Potter?' 'No,' said George ; 'nobody.' 'Look here, matey,' said the stranger, hook ing him by the coat and speaking with a look and manner curiously and almost pathetically composed. ' I've had a deal of trouble lately an9 I make mistakes. This is Upnor in the county of Worcestershire, ain't it ?'* ' Of course,' Redwood affirmed. 'Well, look here,' said the man, 'if you belong about here you can't have helped hear ing talk o' me. My name is Sam Potter. My uncle was old Jack Reynolds and when he died her left me everything?' ' I am very glad to meet you, Mr. Potter,' Sedmond answered cordially, putting out his hand. £ani Potter took it half mechanically. ' And my missis isn't here ?' he said. ' We hadn't been married a month when we Io3t sight of each other. I knew she got to England, for Fve talked with the man aboard the ship she sailed in. Fve been trying for this two years to get here, and why. she isn't here before me I don't know,' . ?_ ? . ?'?.._.. 'George dear,9' Mrs. Redwood interposed, 'don't yon trouble about church this mom- , ing.' ? ..:..-... .-.- *' You are right, my dear,' said George, 'I won't. Come down to my house, Mr. Potter ; if you don't mind we'll have a talk and maybe I can be of service to you. You've been away a long time, haven't you ?' 'A goodish time,' returned Potter, passing his hand over his forehead as if to smooth a disordered thought. 'Well, shall we go?' 'Yes, we'll go, matey, and thank you kindly.' The bell began to tingle spitefully as if in minutary warning to late worshippers and then stopped suddenly. Mrs. Redwood passed into church and the two men walked down the street together. The bent old foreigner quivered on his sticks a few score yards away, but save for that quaint figure the road was deserted. 'That's a queer old chap,' said Redwood more for the sake of making talk than for any other reason. ' An old French fellow. I don't suppose he speaks a hundred words of English, and as it happens there's nobody in Upnor that can change a word with him except myself. I'm no great snakes of a Frenchman, but I've got A sentence or two, you know, and I think the old boy likes to hear his native language now and then.' They were level with the old man a minute later. 'Bongjour, Andre,' criedRedwood. 'Com- mosg voo porey voo, ce mating?' ' Bier, monsieur, tres bien,' the old man answered. 'That's right,' said Redwood. 'II fait, botong, eh?' The old man gave an inarticulate grunt of assent, and Redwood and Sam Potter pursued their way together. *' It pleases him,' remarked the yeoman com placently, 'to come across a bit of his own tongue now and then. That's about all I can give him, but you can see it brisks him up a bit.' Sam answered that he dared to say it did and walked on thoughtfully until Redwood ushered him into the house. Potter sat down and set bis hat upon the table. He drew out his pipe, a huge plug of tobacco, and a clasp knife. ' You don't mind, matey ?' he asked. 'Not a bit,' George answered. ' Fll have a smol* myself.' ' I suppose,' said Sam, shredding his tobacco coarsely and rubbing it between his palms, ' ' I suppose you knew my uncle ?'' 'I knew him,' Redwood answered, 'as well as I knew anybody.' 'I suppose,' Potter began again, 'as nobody could be likely to come down here and make enquiries without your hearing of it?' Sedwood shook his head. ' And you never heard about my little missis?' ? ' Never. I heard of you, of course; but I never even knew that you were married.' 'I got married in Melbourne in Australia,' said Potter. He had packed his pipe by this time and now striking a lucifer match on the leg [of his trousers he fpulled away for half a minute in sfience, and then turning in his chair asked suddenly, ' Did you ever hear of a Mr. John Hetheridge of these parts?' «.'We were boys together,' Redwood answered him. 'Schoolmates. It's seven years to-day since I saw thelast of him. Poor old Jack. * He was lost in' the bush and died there.' 'Tm ? if he did,' Potter said slowly and weightily. 'Look here, that man was no more lost in the bush than I was, or you was, or the babe unborn was.' 'Why, look at this!' cried Redwood, snatching the paper from the table and search ing hastily for the paragraph he had read to bis wife that morning. 'Read that.' Potter read it, tracing the lines with a clumsy forefinger. 'Oh, I know all about that,' said Potter. 'I met him in Melbourne when the news was stale. He'd been dead six weeks when I came across him. I met him in his own house. He give me a smack at the back of the head, matey, as laid me there for dead. I v&s; in the hospital twelve months along of it. OS and on my mind's withered with it now, and I suppose it always will be.' 'But' why should Jack Hetheridge have ?wanted to do you an injury?' asked Rod wood. 'That's more than I can tell .-you, matey,' Potter replied. 'The only thing I know is he done it.' ' How did you know him?' Redwood asked. ' What brought you in his house ?' *'I don't remember,' was the unexpected answer. 'There's heaps of things I can't re member.' He passed his hand across his brow again, rubbing it heavily, as if by the mere physical pressure he hoped to straighten the inward tangle. 'No,' he said hopelessly, 'I can't lemember.' He looked at Redwood with an eye altogether vacant and the yeoman feared tbat he had made acquaintance with a mad man. He had had no experience of that genus, and he thought it reasonable to try and argue Potter out of what seemed an obvious halluciuation. ,..-.. 'You say,' he began, 'that you saw Hetheridge six weeks after he was reported dead v' ' Yes,' said Potter, ' that's the truth.' ' Did you think it was his ghost?' 'No; it was him Tight enough. 3 Ghosts cunt hit a chap and put him into hospital for 32 months. The back of my head waa all bashed in like, matey.' ' What motive could he have V ' Oh, he had motive enough. \ ou make your mind easy about that, matey.' 'Well, what was it?' ' My head goes wrong,'1 said Potter. 'I get it sometimes all as clear as daylight and then it goes. away again. There's only one thing as 1 don't forget. I never forget as it was Mr. John Hetheridge that done it. I shall find him someday, and when I find him I shall have his life.'' All this was, of course, to Redwood's mind the meiest madness. There was no reason for giving the rpoor mau'a story so much as a moment's credence. It was doubtful if he were even the man he supposed himself to be. To fancy he was Eercolds's heir and nephew might easily be as dreamy and unreal as the rest. He eat thinking thus, pumng -hfe pipe in silence, and had begun to consider1 how ib would be easiest politely to dismiss his curiou3 guest when Potter struck the table with a heavy mind. . . ' Fve got it,' he said almost .passionately. 'It was all about Bob Martin's little geU. Bob was my pal, and it was my right to take charge of his little gell when he got mur dered. Now, I put that to any honest man, if it wasn't a pal's right more. than a stranger's to take charge of a matey'e kid when he got mur dered?' Had Redwood known the story he would have followed Potter easily, but as it1 was the man's speech sounded like the merest gibberish. 'I said to him, 'Look here,' I says, 'it's this way, matey, I've come in for my property, and me and my missis is goin' to England by the ship as Bails to-night. I shall find my matey's child I told him, ' if it costs me every penny in the world. You mind that,' I says, ' I shall find her withersoever she may be.' With that I turns my back on him and he knocks my brains out. I remember it now,' he concluded, 'as weli as if it were yesterday.' j Redwood was unaffectedly sorry for the poor fellow, but little disposed to give credence to any of his fancies. 'I suppose,' he said after thinking for awhile, ' that you came through London ?' i ' Yes,' replied Potter. ''Well, did you call on your late uncle's lawyer ?' Potter shook his head. ' I suppose you know who he is ?' ' It's supped my mind somehow. I don't re member. 'Well, as it happens,' Redwaod said, 'I do. rU write his address down for you. There's a telegraph office only three miles away at the railway- station. You walk over there in the morning and send a message to the lawyer. You ask him if hS3knows where your wife is. That's the best thing for you to do you know.' 'Yes,' said Potter. 'That's the thing to do.' (To he continued. ) 