TWO AMERICAN YARNS. GHOST Some years ago a' man' came to -GhicagofL'omGeL'many.- r ~His; 4 father, had c'ut him oif fromihis aTinuity. :®® 1 livedin-the'same^housewlierelSflived. He finallyobfcained a place in-one of theibig.grain elevators; i-Ido not :lcno,w; 'whatthe-placewas,exceptthathe had something to do on the' top: floor away up under the roof. Several men were employed with Jlim in the : same place. One day, while he was dusting, he suddenly stopped and asked: his assistants who; that -nicely^ dressed old man .was that was standing battk therev-iby-the shaft. Strangers arc -never allowed in these- big elevatois, and to see"^one there, well dressed,i was enongb to excite comment His companions looked111 the direction indicated, an d said they saw no one. He insisted, and - when the laughed at Iiiel he went to 1 the place where he saw tlie figurestanding,.; On za- his appi oacli it vanished The young man fainted. He recovered; and then asked his companionsto make-a note 0f:the-0ccurrence,-the:date:and:the time of day. He said the figuxelie 81 w was that of his father. In 12 days be received a letter from the old country, telling him of his father's death The date and time agreed with the date and tune of the -occurrence I have descubed. The lefctei informedhim- tliathiafather-hadforr given himandremembered him in his will He returned to the fatherland, got his portion of the; estate,^.and, is living tlicre now. You may say-what you please; but-I have, never, felt- hke sCoDS ng at a..spiritualist from the time I heard this story. The spirit of that boy's father appeared to him . ou the top floorof that elevator The ghost of Miss Teresa Mettman, the woman who was murdered on the Fort Leavenworth reservation by-littler Benson, appears at the scenei.of the murder precisely at .noon evety - day She dresses in white, and sometimes , carries her dismembered footj-^and ;occasionally the bloody Saw with which the foot was cni off. A bluish vapor surrounds 1 the apparition; and in a few seconds it disappears, to return at mid-T night, when it keeps up a shrieking racket. All of which is proof that the quality of Leavenworth-whisky is grow-:; mg worse, if such-a thing: be possible.-: 