OUlt AMEitlCAN LETTER THE rJTZSiJDIONS-MAKER CONTEST. A Brilliaut Victory. FITZSISIMONSON TOP. iutenso Excitoiucnt. GEOItUE DAWSON HATCHED. ~ Joe Choynskl's HospltuHty— The Ooadnrd M'Aullffe Fight — And »H Sorts ot Gossip. ' . ? ..'. (lJlOI.1 ODB OWS COIIKESrONDENT.) San FnAXOisco, Marah 1, 1892. Well, lioro I am again after' a hard day's work as a news-gloanor amongst tho- law courts aud municipal departments o£ this fair though rollicking city, sitting mo clown in diahnbillo and the privacy ot my natin-hnod Kloopinir apartment, to grind out a Imdjjot of snorting news for tho dear old RiU'Ekee, and right here allow mo to remark that roeonli arrivals from far Australia soom to havo boen surprised at nmlinjr that your special oommis sionor trod in othor paths of literature bosidos thoso which jod to tho small roped enclosure whore ohimipions grow. My goodnoss ! do the boys pioturo mo as' a toitgh-lookinjr indiviiluarwitli a cheek suit, of pattern loud enough to bo hoard, and a bras;; loxinif rIovo for a watch-chain onmmont? Perish the thonijht. Iadmiro the manly art when it is fostered in such a way as to obtain tho boat results without oiioonragiwr brutality, and an atliloto to consider himself on my list of acquaintances must havo something moro to commend him than tho nbility to fracture ranxillarics and bend riba. No. sir ! Correspondence of this nature I dnbblo in bocauso it lightens my olhor labors occa uinim llir n,ifl flin rnncnn 1 ffllfn fit Ll'.i (lolufllt in (fiviiiB tho Sydnoy sportiiiK publio tho host informiitiou in tho conuootiou that I can com mand, is becatiso tho city thoy livo in has sent fin many clever Iails abroad, and there must naturally bo a desire to follow their fortunes ami hoar comparisons drawn between tho Australian boys and tho top notchors on this sido. Now, I havo but a vagno idea' of what I havo writton and. for tho lifo of me,, I can't toll what tho next fow sentoncus may bo, but I will just meander ivloug in this stylo aud toll you that when not ' kouping cases ' on tlio blows that pugilists shower on oach othor— and wo tloii t have a mill once r.u hour hero— I am ciillinj.' infornuition in othor directions. One day I may bo speeding away ou a steam -tug to wlioro somo vessel lays stranded on tho rooks, and tho next I will probably bo catuhin;,' tho honied words which fall from tho lips of some reformed democrat us ho diaiuuits on tho possibilities of tho cpniins presidential campaign. |Mol bourne papers plcaso copy.! jack hall; Again, ai showing you tho glorious vortex of variety mifler which an Amorican stock re porter is ovor whirling, I may mention that when Jnck Hall, tiie Australian light-weight, fought in this city noiiriy livo years iiro, 1 re ported tho linns-ins of a Chinaman in tho morning and dialled up tho fight at night. Ou a bright Sabbath day not lraijr - af tor I™ at a uhickon fight over tho bay. The place was raided and I had to tako to tho fields. That sumo evening I was detailed to report tho fara woll sormun of a departing Unitarian divine, and no one. to soo mo bend the kneu — it was tho rlicu'iiatic one, too— would imagine that a tow hours before I hail watched pair nftorp:iir of. stoel-heoled roosters kicking the beads off each other. You will, therefore, see that my life is not all eroas-countors aud crushed resin, and when next I recoivo a visitor from tlio landwhero the wutl.lo blooms, I hone ho will he forewarned that whilo I get a certain amount of revenue from chronicling pugilistic events, I also derive a. littlo sustenance from sermons, shipwrecks, and othor mundane happenings. . - A.ntl now for somo gossip. ' Since my last wp have had fights tiiat wore lights', and 'fights' that woro fakes. Idols havo beon shattered in many ways, for good -111011 and truo havo been downed by moru novices, while pugilists who were thought to be straight-going havo proved to bo scoundrels. IIII.LV ClALLAanEH. Tho first fistic event took place at tho1 Occidental Club on the evening of Febrnary 8, when liillv Jlahan. the well-known light wei'ht, was sent against .Billy Gollaghor, a lad frosh from tho amateur ranks. Gallashor, however, has long beon known as a dangerous man, and his brilliant defeat of Maliun in shorter order than ever the same tough pieco of humanity wan ever whipped bofove, at once rushed tho ox-amateur, into prominence. Tbi' fipht waa one-sided from tho start.. Gal laehor is as quick as a eat on his feet, and /.»?. lii-ittf litsi ritrlifc . aurora liko a flash. He erojuo.i Jlahan in (ho first round it ml brought him 'down, ami from that timo. until, tho plucky fellow Mooived his quietus in the fifth round. .Million neviir knew whero ho was. Gallagher is a terrific jilin&horanil; no mistake. I will brook into my record- of tho past month's battles to tell you. hore that wa havo matched Oallajth'or and your own Goorsra Dhwrou for tlie latter cud of March. It was a nioeo of speedy work, as the Sydney lai on v arrived on February 23, ami was nmtohod the following day: When tho Mariposa hove in sight twent to tho Oceanic JVqoU to wol Boino Dajvson, and win very much impressed with- liis quiet, pentlomanly wiiys. I. took him and ]ii.« trainer, io'.ing Alexander, to where thov liould llnd Joe Choyiniki, an-J llio hitter used his- Iwufc endeavors to wufco llicm fool at home. Job was ou thn eve of U'aTliiB for NowOrlcunH, but liorbwi ^oincf ho installed the two SyduuyitcH in his own homo, imc Jon's friMul, Kddy Oiy.iwy, Ii«k asristod voiirfl irulv in caring fur tho welfare of the An.Wia/ Wghl-wcight Olmmpioii .and his /Mils Achalw. For Komn weeks. before Daw Kon arrivod I Uspt suffgestiiis tho advianbility of matching him agitinat tho winner of the Gnllacthor— Mftlian contuoh, and I ii»cevtaii»!cl when Galla'/lior won that Iio would not ho, averse to giving Dawson a light if suitable inducement offered. I figured in this wny , llioro wero five WOlb men in thin country, who- were reckoned any gond, and of thnm four- wero paired off, viz., Danny Xoeilhaiii and Tom llvan at Now Orleans, and Hitc Pocklmm and Charlio Kimmick in this city for Fabrnary 2«. OAlhighor was thorefm-o tho only idlo'one, and as ho has not .borne tho brunt of as many battlcn as th'i othors, ho mi-'ht naturally 1)0 lookod upon us I l.o least formidable to tunklo foe a start. Tlie Ura.s of tho match are that tho men aro to weigh 111 at ltfllli, or under, ac a o oiomc on tno nay of tho mutch. The purso is I0OO1I0I., of which tho loRor will rocoivo SOOdol., and in addition each will be ullnwfld 123-lol. for oicponaes. Now, although this may not seem a groat amount of money in the face of tho niuntllcciit purse!) which havo bcoti liuny un in .this country, in the past, T think it ia a vary fair oomniencomont for Dawson. Of ooiuse, If lie wins 'we will want a considerable increase for tho next match, and in tho meantime I hono his Sydnoy friend* will be satisfied with tho arrangements I inado for him. Ihoy inns givo me credit for ono thing, at least; that Is, losing no timo in getting him to work. George is quartered at Barney larley'n, nn tho Ocean Houscroad, and he soomsas happy aH a sand- boy. Tho country all around him is rolling, grass land, and ho can vary his tramping matohos ovor tlio groon lulls by trudging on the sea boaoli op strolling in Golden Gato Park. Ho is thoroughly satisfied, with all his surroundings, and as ho has mailg hoala of friends sinoo ho has boon horo, ho has lots of v'uitors out to see him through tho week. Tho other day a fow of us wont out, and George had a littlo sot-to on tlio quiot with Eddy Oroaney. In tha midst of n brisk rally Dawson planted his right under Eddy'« hoart, and Groanoy sang out, ' Hold oil ; I, hoard about that blow, aiidl buokk I'll nk you. to koop' tho noxt ono for Gallagher. Tho (allow who wants two of that kind ,i« a hog,' Groaneyisa pretty good trial horsoforany of tho light. weights to tackle, and ho considers that Gallagher ivill havo his hands full wit tho Sydney boy, As near as . can bo gauged, tho flght will tako plu.30 on March 23, so you shouU havo nows ot how Pinveon aoqults himself in his first coutunt on Am*ri«ftp'aoil t. few days uftor this lotter reaches you. On February 10 wo had a fight at tho Paclflo botw&on; Hilly Smith, of Boston, and Frank Kollv, of «itn Franeico, a pairot scrub woltor wniirhU. Tho an uas an unintorostiug affair, Kolly bolng punohed out in tho thirly-novontli round. : As ho nut iu his covnev after the fight had been givou against him, some well muuuingfrioud approached and said, 'Never mind, Frauk ; you made a gumo light.'' ' Game light, bo hanged,' replied Kelly. ' I,'m 1,'olng back to hard work.' Protty sunsiblo resolution that, and one that many olhor fighters might tuko pattern by. Thnre is somo talk, inflict, of obtaining viiiufroin Kelly with .which to , vaooinato a scoro or two of the. plug uglien, whom tho glamour of tho prise ring seoma to draw away from tho pathsxif honest toil. Our noxt fistic scaneo wus ou tho 22nd, at tho Tastimo Club,' the oontostauts being a. couplo of coiorod . heayy-woights— to .wit, Bud Johnson, of this oity, and Jack Turnor, of Sacramento. Tho .light lusted iifteon roundH,and Johnson, who jirovod us game a hit of stuff as ever pullod olf a shirt, was torribly disfiRurod. About tho fifth round his left eye began to look liko a button-hole on a dark ovorcoat, and with every suduoediug rouud its appearaneo changed, until it would bu hard to llud anything it resembled. His noso was .broke, and Iiib mouth knocked, entirely outof shapoj but ho stood' up man fully, and according .to general boliof would have tired his opponent out had the polico not stopped tho brutal exhibition. The refcieo gavo Tumor tho decision, and tho supporters of tho local negro raiaod the biggest kind of a row. Tho streets around tho club woro bluck with brunette sports until an oarly hour, iii tho morning. They discussed the match from every possiblo point of view, and two aggrossivo sons of Ham of opposito opinions hocamo involved in a lootinir scmiie. Ouo is iu tho Polico Hospital, aud will nrobahly die, while tho otlioi- is cooling his heels iu gaol. CALIFORNIA OLDB. On tho following evening tho California Club blazed with light, whon Billy Smith, of Sydney, and Frank Kcllor, of Michigan, battled for a lU50dol purse. The match originally was to havo been between Smith and Koogh. The latter is n fine -specimen of physical manhood, but nature apparently* forgot to furnish him with a heart. Jle pleaded sickucas \ as the .date of tho match drew noar, and fiually ro fused to go ou with the fight at all. Keller wus put into training aud anew date set for tho fight, aud it id safo to say tliat when Keogh next comes to San Francisco to wintor he will moot with 11 very chilling reception. Tlie go lasted 21 rounds, and Smith came out on top. Ho injured his left hand curly in the fight, and had to resort to back-hand blown, tho (tamo as he employed whon lighting Con fiibrdan. Keller \vus; plucky enough, but his blows lacked both spend uud direction. He got a good hammering, and is now relegated to the companionship of such back-number pugs as havo to coiisolo' themselves by pondering over what might have been. AMERICAN MIDDLE-WEK1HT CHAMPION'SHM'. The closing fi;ht of tho month took placo at the Occidental Club . 011 tho 29th, ami was tho best of the series. Tho prin cipals wero Charlio Turner, tho well . known coiorod middle-weight of Stockton, and Harris Martin, tho Alinu«ipo!ia Black. Pearl. Turnor in past vents was reckoned'u, likoly candidato for tlio American Middle weight Championship, but whisky and wenches sapped his stamina', and his record was besmirched with defeats by Denny Kelleher und A lid: Greggaiiiii. A num ber of: Stockton sports, however, resolved when thoirdusky townsman was matched agahifit tho Pearl that he should bu sent to the scratch in good shape, by 'hook or by crook. They employed a urst-clasa trainer, and all and sundry woro besought to deny Turner any thing in tho shupo of spirituous refreshment until the fight camo off. Moreover, tlie brown skinuod laddie was iniprofis.-id with the belief that there was plenty of time to pull himself together and retrieve his lost prestige, and the result of the wholo business was that ho ivas sent into the ring lit to battle for a kingdom. Tlio .Pearl was 'also lingering intlic shadow of dofcat. as in his previous battle in this citv ho wusjoutod bRjinhoy, a black-skinned lios touiaii, after if Harjl-Jight. Everythingpoiuted to a determined' 'encounter between tho Pearl and Turner, and tho olub members woro not disappointed. Tlio boxors weighed at tlio ring . side, the Pearl scaling 151Jlb and Turner 15011b. Thoy were a splendid match physically, although the Pearl's bull nock suggested that it would require- a harder crack to topple1 him over tbun'to upset the Stocktoniau. There wore , some of tho Snost exciting rallies during the fight lliat*au admirer of the game conld wish to see, the men standing oloso and sinashiug at each other's ..heads with the right without' auy attempt at parrying. In tho dose .work, honors were about evenly divided, cauh man being favored in succession. 'several times, but 011 general riugitiunship Turner showed to the bettor advantage. He soon found out that the Pearl wanted to tako things easy after an extra hard rouud, uud ou .such occasions the Stocktouian kept I»3 left going liko a piston' roil, and tho Pearl's face began to look liko a fancy; tobacco pouch. In tho nineteenth rouud tho Minneapolis negro tried hard to turn the tide of battlo. Ho baokod Turner into a corner and rushed. Turner ducked and got to ono sido, inoeting the Pearl fair ou the chin with his right, as ho rusliod pust. Tho Pearl Ml on his iiiao in tlio stylo which fako lighters try hard- to imitate. There was- no casing the full by allowing tho knees to strike thu lloor lirst, anil moro was no using the elbows or tho palms of tho hands to lessen the force of the contact with tho floor. Ke wen!, down like o man whoso 'heart-strings had been severed by a bullet, his face striking the carpet at tho. same timo as tho rest of liis body, ami whon next ho opened hla oyos and wus alive to his surrouudiugd the big building was half empty. 1'Acmc clou. Thoro is one cvonfc that I liavo not included in tho list of fights. I refer to 11 swindle that was frustrate! at tho Paoilio Club on U10 2flth inst. Tlio principals woro CharMo Kim mick, of Minneapolis, and Hito Pockham, of Bradford. Pa. Tbo match vw«» looked forward to' oxueotiiutlv, 'the moroTiiatti(tular!y since D.iwson and Gallagher wore signed, as the idea wan to match the winners of both fights, und thereby furnish a winner to meet tho victor i' the Necdham-Hyau fight, which was to havo taken placo at New Orleans. Well, to mako a long story short, Kimmiok and Pcckham did business with Homo croolto'l hotting incu aud tried to hoodwink tlio public, Thpre was como lioavy wagering- 011 tbo contest at 10 to 7 ou Kim mick, anil thoso who put up tho job took all tho mon'oy they could get afc 50 to 20 that tho light would bo ovor in sove'11 rounds. The pair of fakirs strutted around for three rounds without striking a blow heavier than one school-girl might indict upon another during. n quarrel. Puckham finally wont ilo-.vn iu tho third round from a light loft on the raise, and' endeavored to not tho. part. of a knoctod out bruiser. Tho oulookero boguu to ' hollor murder,' and ho rono only to repeat the por formauco a moment later.. Thin timu he slaved down until tho ten seconds allowanco hud licked away. Then there was an uproar. Tho crowd yollcd 'fuke;'and Pockham, who bail been dragged to 'his chair, looked aa p:ilo ,vi.a ghost. Tho ' club prosidout ontored the ring' and dmiqimced tho affair us - n, nntup 'job, mid the roforeo followed suit and iloelared'all bots off. Pockham escaped to liin dressing-room, but Kimmick stayod around and attempted to justify himself. ' f believe that Pcckham quit, ho said, ' but I fought- 011 tho square.'1 'A blind nian could havo told tho difference, however, and ho was hooted out of the ring. A couplo of doctor* wove Runt to examine Pookham, and thoy reported that Ilia nal-io was regular, his condition good, and that he bore no bruises, tlioroforo they considered tho affair a swindle. About .this time Pockham diioiijcl that tho atmosphere of tho olub was becoming a littlo too sultry, and ho made his escape by a baok door, Ho was found somo time af tor midnight by two of tjin ulub, direc tors, and inado to diegorgo 55dol. out of tlje lOOdol. that ho had drawn on tho day of tho fight, pstonaibly to bet onhimsolf. Ho eon K-asoil while lppkingdown tho barrol of a '41' that tho ftirht'Swas - fl^oil, nml lid whimporod that it was tho first timo in lit* 'life that Iio had been ooncarned in any shady -busirioss. Ho cleared out of tho city next day, and ICimmiok followed suit. Now tho names of tho two frauds stink in tho nostrils of all honost sports. Tho. thing was unfortunate, inasmuch as it dispelled our ijrpams of a Eorioa of fair, stand-up fights to ilo'oldo tho woltor-woiglit (14i)lb) uhampiouship of tho United States. To make inatlors worao, tho Noedliam-Kyan flght o| Jfmv Orleans was colled off for voanons I slmll iiniy ' pjiplam. When I'wroto last, two big aluus ii) tl)u city named woro buoking against oaoll o|,l|oi'. Thoy wore tho Metropolitan and Olympic, tho former l)uving Noodham and Ryan boofcod for arareh. 2, and tho Olympic having tho Mnhor fltzalmiiioiis fight for tlio(!auio night. Noither of the olub« would givo way, and it looked aa if both institutions would lose money by the natronago of the IiOUiaiai|» sporting publio bcii'g divided. 