'h aDi o Love; ,er bRPERI XXII (Continued). i a I5 Miss Carrie, you here? bit I siup pose the' newis of last niglit's esscapa-de brought you over: I hiope min patient knows nothing of the affair, for 1am atold; lhe was, opijsbedto, the nmarriage. I can't seo.,why,, forPhilip Vane is; an:elegant and clover yanig fellow, and the helress hasn't mode such a bad choice., Poor Foutitastnes omiid was probably no clearer on thiat scoroe than on others; or he would not have o;opposed her withes?' "I cannot agree with you, .doctor. I think the objections of Mr. Foritaiino' werer well founded,' she coldly replied.' I did not come over on Savella's account, but to remova'Isolato tho `ale. I;iii eorry to may that she has been anttkclhel by' illness, brouiglit oit teeeis ibys the scent of the fresh paint.upon. thel-house. --Mr.- Snummer ton gave her eneh jeneedies es lie consi dered necessary, and she is much better; bnt-I shall lid glad if you.-willgo up and eee herfbefore yoi leave." "Of course; such cases are not uncom mon, and Isola lins ai'eiey osensitive teiu perament. ' But 1 mustL irast goini id see how Fontaine' is It is ia suolnsuloly;o allu einationshe labo'rs' inder, aid I almost despair of dispelling it.' "Is it even so'" said Miss Calelon,,with a slightsbiadder. "Is tlier no hope for him 7" "I can see none, for there is a cn"d for the spectral illusion' in" Ihis cas. -a fatal cause, which medical skill can niever re Their eyes met, and lotlh felt tllat the other kiew what tIlicidir cuse we is. She' presently asked: ",Can Inot see him ? I do niot Wish to speak with him ; only to-look iupon him and form my own judglmitsr st. lhislconlition. Ican ensietyiansge lcthat fir yea. ' ass through this widlow, anl renmlin in the library while I atm sith hi. in hisown apartmcnt. I hlave had ahciutain placed in front of the door to coiciaosl the perolil 'ho watohes nonr hlin;'nas it.iace lisi, ir ritable to have some one el s'ys in oiht:l. You can sheltler yourself belhind it andloul. on hini' while lie talks wilth no." While lie was speaking tite doctor olipe e' the blind and throw up the :ashof ithe iiin' dow. Ciesar aroused iinseilf acs lie lra*d them enter, and aruse rithb a Seep LAb "ard a look of intesnse isurprise as h.i riciugnirce Miss Carlelton. Shemao i itlls In i lo 0e main silent, and tra edsillit tho ili svician towards. the.heavy folds of damask, that sweptto Lthe floor. Dr. Sinclair lilfted tihem nside and entered the large roost. whileliss C'rleuteire, it:l a quiokli bcoting lie.art, piced iherseil in siich a position as to oiable her to look into Ion-' taine's aparltment without Licing Lhs-lt seen. i He'dis sitting witlh his facethitrne to ward licer, hohling a fragiment of ptper in his Iands, whicri hoe nervously t rincd friius side to side, rolling it up and simoothing it out alternately, as if uncolciolis ,f fht he was doinig. The criuion 'censhions of the large lhair on swhic llle sit thre nult his stlueelque hea, Withli its cliarly cut features, no- nearlyt -s clouriess , as marble itself. His largo lnclc eyes. as they wandered restlessly nround thie roe,', lied in lthcmilie asnie swill, uscettled iexpres sion tlhey lnd worn onitlii list tni riiikg at the Vale ; and the concenlcd visitor sirinkl from meetiig them -again with a sort of suppressed; feeling that atieOted t'irorlgh her aching heart When Dr.Siilelair aoipearei Meonoe him, Pontaine's goze dsweltn instalnut'ujibiisiii, and then dropping hlisiapl'reri le, stretched out his hand, and said, in his inatural voice: .s ;;-,-", "Lo t rae grasp your hined docor, to cos vince myself that you are real.. I as so haunted by phantoms tIlit T caisnot distiii guish flesli and blobd from thlli uiiualss I, touch it." "I, at all events, ams a sihist-ntiel en-r tity, Fontaine, and I never intenld .to visit any of sy friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filsy friends multiplied? 'tAt first it was only one that visited you." i Yes," lie mysieriously replied;" he has brought others with lhliim. Ieowasthe dead demon; but lio hias called others todaid him in his work of torture. lie ihas brouglht up Banquo's ghost, will thloseo that came to Riclhari III. the Ililgt-lbeforo the battlo'of Bosworthli. 'HII has even gone back into the days of antiquity and susmmoned that gob lin grim ilho stood 'beside the couch of Brutus and said, ' Meet me, at Phillippit': Ah iti was 'deathhl that ue lhimi there; but my famniliar gives me no such :welcome warning."' ' " " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine!? You have much to live for,"' wias thesooth;' ing reply. Muschl, mticli-yes; I conprehlend that; yet it eould be a .,sereY Is leto die. .If I could wipe this red stain froi usy Ihand, I might clasp oniethat could drive every evil from me; but it deepeins, it darkens with every hourr doctorbr Oh sisurder is i 'fear dsl crims; and lie who-commits it merits death. I had ratiherpiy tliit pInlRlit than live the life to'hi ChI am ddotnid. " Then you aors tired - of beisg ahut up here ? It you wish it, I will permit yon to walk out out doily:- -Foss need noit go loa yond your own grounds " Fontaine slowly isbiok his o(d . "No, Sisir; I will not.makce saO sec5 tacle of myself to my owin people. Besides the phsitoins forbids that, 1is is standing " between us noe, and lid frowns oen at the proposal from you. Nc-thlese roomo shrill become mylieiiig grave for I will- io go beyond them." - " We salll see luhen the sprisig wolelier comes. ltiscold now, aind it is mdl for you toastayin doors.' r : "Ondca breasted the storm as a defie the wind; nor I as, s r reed shaken 1y, its faintersyt brea~thI~ Siieor__whoi isi~i beliiusd "''thsat' uitisii? Ite'le~seicd;t'hiero: that: wafts sweetness and comiforto mo.s ho isn it?" He half arose:as if to appoiacli the shaded door, but the phaieoinai placed liso hand upon his arm nn siid: " A fiieid'of sours is ee, t lse did not intcid to iintrude iion onass. '1Waeld it pleass yoss to see her,? sl'ou ore so silm toi day that I thilk hier viuitl 'ill not barm you." Fontaine sankibhai da, a whisper soul: u D"ringliair in' iknow Ikuowwho it mustlbe."'' Dr. Siss'eliiir scent `isthiii~iti ' adrew it aside, and led forward the woman who had watched and listenied with her-heart- upon her lips., Fontaine advanced to meet liaher with his usual stately elegance, but 'when she offered him her.! cold hand; he: rapidly drew her toward him, a'ind pressed her to his breast aid said "You have come to the loet one, arre You might have saved me, i1 I dared to lay the burden of my. sin upon your innocent heart. BRt I could not-I'could not; and nsd now' I aum demon-haunted while ''im angel' is farroin'me. Ahl thlere it is now gidini hbetwoai si wills its'.deadly breath .Lclillinigiom totlie. heart:'.". '. His arms dropped down suddenly; and he tottered as if about i to fall. Dr: Sinclair hastened'to support hin. to his'soeigt, ind after a flew moments he became mnore com -'poised: ,-K ,"" Miss Carleton gently, asked: "Is there no othler one you would like to see,Mr.' Fon taiiiol One youinhave dearly loved wiuld' be madeo happy by being adtiiited'into your presence againi." He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to ba considering 'tlhe mening oi her wbrds. Presently he pressed his hand to his head and said: : ' Yes, yes-I remember. I called her my child; I loved her as 'uch; but the deisnon forbids iens to' do sos any longer.' He com* Smands me not to look upon iher, andI dare not disobey him. But you can take my place. Takeo Isolna to your heart, Carrie Carloton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as she might have1ijeen' to me, but for this cruel, cruel persecutlion. .I cnnioto sea lier agani; her preisncie is op-i pressive to sme; and-naidnow even yours is becoming so. ,lThere slands:thelphantom his wrathfllul face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or le sinya gaini the saiiie diabolical power over you that hlie has over me." He put up hishand deprecaltigly, and at a sign from ,the phliysicinno liss Carleton glided from the ap artment, carrying wvilh` her the painful fear that Clauide Pontiinie'e mind was.wrecked beyond restoration. MissCarleton wrote a brief note; to Mrs. -Beretly, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing as-she miglht require during her stay. iThe carriage was sent back.wirith this: and unable to remain within doors'with the weight uponiliar `heart that seemed criishipg her to the earth, Carrie Carleton w;andered out into the grounds, and soughit to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise." She spent msany hours in this bitter struggle with heriself,: aiid 'mores than once the cry came to hr lips : "Oh, watild that thle right was mine to 'ibe near him for over--for oever!" CHAPTER XXXIII. siaw anisxc 00cao'0. As the dinner hour'a drew near, PMie' Carleton returned to the house and wont up to Isoln's room. Slhe fourid her sitting` up in bed, while she read George Berkely's, letter. Therewis' a glow upon lier lately' :oolourless face, and her eyes sparkled with her usual animation. Miss: Carleton' had recovered outward composure, and withher usual affectionate' kindness she said: " I see thalt you are agreeably .employed,' so I will: leave yous to the enjoynou t 'of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to'i see you bef ore he lef.: I suppose he has. been up. "Yes--ho came willi Mr. Smmerton; bnt I wassleeping so soundly that Ilthey did not arouse me. The Senor was hlere just now, and told me that he said I had beais extremely ill but I am now'doing well." "He approved of Mr. Suminiuetton's treat ,ment! " "Yes, entirely. This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears slie felt in slpite of 'the solicitude of the Italian 'for Isoln'si" a' covery. SeSh lingered long enoughi to nr (range her dr'is, and thrn left the girl'to tread 'againttihs letter:whlich contained' so much'that was precisos tliher... During the months- iiat had elapsed since the departure 'of GeoifgeBerkely, Isola 'had learned to look on him as lier fatuire companion for life.;! All his true gqialitiies arose before liher in vivid contrast of Philip, aiid the ifwari friendship slio had clerislied <forGeorge assumed the linhue of love Shie 'felt that' she could implicitly trust that honest nature, and give' him 'that entire respect without wvhich affection can have no firm basis. His letter rani thus "St.,Petersburg, "November, 15,18- "My' Beloved Isolis Your "precious letterhas just reached me It gives e thel right to 'addross you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in timte, fold' 'her wings in the neit; it shall be my sweetest care to prepare for heri '' " My darling,.I. ami happy for I know 'that you would sot lhave replied to my. last letter it in your heart sa spring of tendef ness had not oiiened for; ume: I will prove myself worthy of- it, Isola, and I feel the' sweet assurance that I can make your'dihi. piness, as you will mille, in the futiriewhich looms before me bathed in the rosy hnes ''Bt Imust not fill my letter 'ith pro rtations which you do not need, to assuir you of the deptlh of 'my affection for you. That, you know; is findestructible as life 'itself. Ihave become that important per. sonage to the home circle he has left be hind him--a traveller in foreign lands;' and 'my commuiinic'tiions will have especial in terest from a country so little known 'to A outside barbarians, ase ussiai therefore I 'must endeavour to maintain the character of an intelligent observer. 'I have nowvbeen in..St. Peterebsrg several weeks," and we havi' weather to which our keenest mountain breeze is com parative summer.me.'' '"Our ambassadorhas been received by the Emperor, and his' subordinates have, with him, attended a court ball. Theire I had thehonour of an introduction to the the grandest looking man I have ever seen. '"Nicholas is amagnificent man, and as conrteou i'sohe is handsome. He was sur rounded by a brilliant group of oicers who' had distinguished themselves in his ser* vice. "Among them was a stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first mo ient my seye fell on him. I cannot tell why this was, for he was not more striking in his appearance than many others near him. He was a middle-aged man, with hair e rinkled ~iih grey, and the expression of one whohas suffered wrong, hardship, and disappointment; all of which had been ierged in the philosophis determination to make the most of what Heaven spared from the wreaked hopes he 'had left scattered upon his life-path. '"I inquired who he was, and hearnel Ihat he is an Itelan of the name of Fon tani, who for many-years has been in the - employment of the Emperor as an engineer. HEis servicees have been rewarded with the title of Baron and a large estate near Mos cow; and the decorations he wore bore wit ness to tne triumphe he has gained. But ,he soon retired from the gay scene, in othichlhe only appeared at the command of his master. `" It would fill up my letter to describe to you the magnificence of the scene, on this occasion: i ima in Aladdin's palace ilulni natcil with raiianc, andu fillel with a crowd 'of lovely and richly-dressed 'wosen, at tended by canvaliers in brilliant court 0os tume. "It was late when we made our cong6; in my sleigh was Charles.Brinsley, my fel low nlltelhd, and imyself; the night was cn chantingg; the moon was shining twilh a lustre that rendered every object visible, and we sped over the snow-clad earth witi' the velocity o 'thie wind. At a susdden turning, our sleigh came in contact with another approaclhing from the oppositeo di rection. The collision was so violcnttihat no of $'dirs fell hin tilotraces ;but tihe fiery steeds of the uthor slcigh swerved 16 one side, dashed lforward, evidcently numan agoable by lthe driver, who hld been par taking too freely of the strong waters to whicth his coiitry siel are msch. ad dicted. "A gentleman attenmpted to spring out,. but eglight his footin the leopiard sLin iwli which hlie lsleigh wasliied anld fell inasailhs. a position as so b in dlsger of laving his brains daslhed oait by thie hlorses. I sprang to his assistance seized lithe reins, and suc "ceeded in holding themn in till arinsley andl the driver could cone to it)y nssialticule. °` " Thle check enabled iles prostriate man to recover his footing and extriclate himself from his perilous -positioi- He spoke Lto the horses, asid ltisystoee docil ial one-o 'dient to his voice.: He thinksd aus for sutir efforts to serve him, and insisted that we should accept seats in his vehicle since ours was disabled. . Ho said: "'Iam Baron Pontani, and I am on my. -wayto the palace :to lay befori thb Ein peror some despatches which have juist ar rived; but Ipledge' sahysel not to detain you many moments, and I will then set you down at your own hotel.' 1c Of course ree accepited his1 offer;- and taking the reins in his owhlialtds, the Baron bade his driver remain with ours and aid him in every possible mariner. "After a brief interview with.the Czar, he returned to us, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from me he gave me his card, and requested me to call en him on thie following day. I, of. coiise, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. "At as early an hour as I hoped to find him free to receive friendly calls, I wrent to his palace. He met niP with his iisidncss; was pleased to exaggerate the service I and rendered him, and showed as much interest in my affairs as it he had been a fritndsofl long standing. 1 "The Baron informed me that in his yonth he had travelled in thle United States. Many portions of the countlry iin, toreeted him deeply, especially the jinuos tain scenery of my native state, tilli lhichl he seemed familiar. He showed me ' Jefi erson's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and I discovered that he understands Elng lisih 'thoiiugh at first lie 'spike to to; in French. " He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purecscd from a waa:d.' fg artist; and among them Iafduna l aiaik r of the Vale, and another of La Fuitslialiec. He pointed to the latter, anod said: . !- I was induced to take thatt because the name is so nearly my own. l)o you iknow of sdcli a plae in youir native Stale? "I told him all about the plsace and the connection between its ownecr nald Iay family. I cannot describe: to yo the hasin terest with which he listesed. Ihe iiqaairedl bouot Mr. Fontainee -hlis lhabiti, his peculi arities; and whien I had finishecd oy ade scription, lie said: ' "' Fronm yonsi account of lui,u ot noboold think this man a kling among his lpeers. How is it that lie hias never usurrimal ?" 3.I could not explnin taht, but I referred to constitutional saoltatncholy asaillay 'pro t bable cause. He seemed strucaa wi athhait, and quickly askled:. *Is there no other aenuse for thatn sad ness? It seems to mae that the owner sf this beauitiful place; silnated itii nbraaciaa. mountain atnmosplhere, and surrounded, ria you say hlie is, by kind and lsteadfast friilnds, should be able to rid himself of hlae siorlid.: ataint in his blood to'n licli 0lu rfer. I He had much to sadden his youthl,' I told hini; but tlho Baron was not satisfied till he drew frotn mes the tahsioe of aunth'ail. story about Henry Fontaine. When.I hlad finished, hlie said If your friend was guiltless sin that affair, why should he cherish the lalalaigs you have described? I amt afraid tlIere is a dark stain on the ermine of hlis robe,. spotless as you would hayv tue believe it.' "Forirgve me, Isola3, for repeathlag li words to you, for we know how pure, hlowi Jnoble Mr. Fontaine is--low far above any temptation to crime, and such crime as , iI speedily disabused my tiew friend 'of this idea; but he has shown the interest lie takes in the subject by frequaently referrina to it when we meet, and thto miotery of Henry Fontaine's fate 'ss 1o posses Os strong an attraction for him as it could, for the nearest friend of your fatiser. - "I have not yet told bimns of jot I do: not Imow what feeling withheld sase; tbut I am a jealous miser, who hoards hlis hlioilui ness in his own heart as too sacred.to be shared by others; for in thisl I ass sot ca pansive enough to make the idol whoso shrine is in my inmost heart visible to those around me. To the worling-dnylworld I give my energies; to you, the consecrated dreams of love and hope. " I have a miniature of you which I. pilfered from Fanny, and in my' solitiif' hours it is my constaist coampasniosl. WI yearn to return to you, to claiinl you ass ay own for ever, but my friends would 1 ot ap prove of it just now; so I must curblstmy impatience, and prove niyself iorta y of the happiness that awaits me. * Adieu, my precious love; let your heart rest on me in perfect trust, for in life and death I am yours alone. Ozaosow: BashtnLv." Isola folded her letter, and laid it spon her pillow, with a sweet smile upon her lips. She felt that her haven of rest was almost gained; that George would take her to his noble heart and shield her from the storms of life. (To te continufd.) 