Letty's Love Story. OirAlTUll xxx. Tint lenp from London to Molbourno is n pretty wido ono, and yot in thoso dnyH of liif.li pressure, tUo journoy is iindortnkon with loas aonao of risk tlinn wis folt by our grandfathers wlion tboy ombnrkod on tlio rumbling old stngo conch in tho country to pay a visit to tho metropolis. Bosidos, Australia is in n sonso only a lnrgor England, nnd Molbourno proBonts many points of similarity with big, bustling British cities. In a largo house in ono of tho sub urbs throe gentlomen woro sitting ovor thoir wino, dressed in the regulation evening attire, and looking muok ns giiOBts at a dinner party would look in the old country. It wns a lovoly evening, nnd tho open windows lot in n soft breezo, blowing with a koon salt odour front tho sea. Outeido on tho vorandah thore was a quantity of tropical plants in huge pots, and through tho rifts of tho boughs the silvory-tippod waters of tho bay glittored in tho pale moon light. Tho wavos mado low murmur ns thoy brolco ovor tho yollow sands and soothed ngninst tho sides of the long, narrow pior, running out like a blaok lino into the son. Away in tho dis- tanoo tho lights of Willinmstown woro just visiblo, shining yollow in contrast to tho purer shoon of tho moonlight. Of thoso throo gontlomon two aro known to us, although thoy look somewhat older thnn whon wo bow thorn last ; and woll thoy may, for lifo line not shown its BUnniost sido oitlior to Reginald Aldham or Hubort Elloe- morooflate. . v It. is truo thoy lmvo boon fairly buc- cossful , in thoir business of oattlo farming, but although success is tilwnys swoot, tlioro nro somo rogrots that it cannot put to sloop, and somo aspirations that it fails to satisfy. ' Ono fools quito civilized again after all those months of primitivo sav- ogory,' ohsorvod Roginald to the host — an Englishman, who lmd sottlod in Australia' somo yonrs ago, and had mado a largo fortuno. Ho had boon to Aldham Mount in tho old days, and tho two young mon had como ovor from their station in tho bush to spend a weok or two with him. ' I must oonfosB that I find tho ohango dolightful.' ' And yot you soom to got on vory well in your cattle farming,' returned Mr. Wnddilovo, pushing tho dooantors onwnrds- 'Ton don't rogrot loaving England, do you?' ' I don't rogrot it, oortainly. I havo no oauso to do so, for wo havo suc ceeded much bottor than wo bad any right, to oxpoct. Haven't wo, Elios- moro?' ' Yes,' Hubort replied, laconically. ' Still,' nddod Roginald, with a sigh, ' ono can't prevent a fooling of homo sickness coming ovor ono nomotimos.' 'I lmvo novor folt it,' ohsorvod Ellosmoro, drily. Rogiuald turnod to Iiim with liftod oyobrows. ' No, but you nro euob a quoor, solitudo- loving follow now — quito different to what you used to bo. All you caro for is work — work, work from morning till night.' ' Work is tho host panaooa a man . can have. It brings forgatfulnoss.' 'Not always,' Reginald ohsorvod, in rather a molaucholy tone. Tlion bo turnod to his host. Do you know it was ns much as I could do to induce him to accept your invitation, Wnddi lovo? Ho tried hie vory host to back out of it, and I threatened to tell you of bis boorishnoss.' You may well call it by that name,' . snid nubort. ' I ronlly folt I was unfit for the society of oivilizod human ity ; ono gets to fool liko that after a proloogod dnso of flannol shirts and no waistcoats.' ,'Yos. but all work nnd no play makos Jack a dull boy,' observed tho host, sontontiously ; ' and it will do you all tho good in tho world to havo a wook's racket iu town. What vexos mo so much is poor Ethol's illnoss. She would linvn arranged all sorts of gaiotios for us if sho had boon ablo to get about.' Etbol wns. his wife, who was only just rocovoring from nn attack of typhus fevor. ' Sho might oven have provided you with wivos to tnko back to your station,' ho nddod, slyly. This humour did not soom to appeal to oithor of tho youug men. Hubort kopt his oyos fixed moodily on tho . . taolocloth, nnd Reginald snid, .after n : momont's pnuso, — ' I'm afraid Mrs. Wnddilovo would havo had her pnms for nothing. Wo aro both vowod to bachelorhood!' Mr. Wnddilovo burst into a laugh. . ' Nonsouso ! Two handsome young follows liko you ; why, thoj notion's absurd ! I wager that iu twolvo months from this dnto you'll both bo provided with holpmatos !' ' Romoinbor tho old copy - book ndngo, and do nothing rashly,' said Ellostnoro, with grim brovity. ' So for ns l am odiicoruod, you would oor tainly loso your hot.' 'Why? Havo you abjurod tbo sox? ' ' If by that you moan, havo I lost my faith in woman, I answor, yos. Holon of Troy and a fomnlo Croosus rollod into ono would not tompt mo ? ' ' You nro not just, Ellosmoro,' said his host, putting up his hand to con- coal a smilo. ' Forhaps your experi ence hns boon unfortunate ; but, at any rate, it doosn't ombraco tho wliolo of fomnle Christendom, nnd it's a littlo unfair to visit tho Bins of ono woman on tho whole of hor sox. Don't you think so, Aldham ? ' ' For my part, I think no man is worthy of a roally good woman,' an- sworod Rogiuald, vory omphatioally. Ellosmoro turned on him quiokly. ' Agreed ; but where will you find a roally good woman ? ' ' Anywhere— ovorjrwhore 1 '« warmly intorpoood Wnddilovo. ' Why, in this vory liouso tlioro nro two of tho best womon in tho world — my. wife and tho woman who is nursiug lior. Tho dovotod horoism of that young girl bonts nil I lmvo ovor soon. Sho has not vory long comb out from England ; but sinco sho has boon horo sho has riskod hor lifo fifty timos in nursing pntionts suGoring from loathsome and infectious malndios. Sho has boon to tho lowost parts of tho town, in alloys and slums that ovon you might shrink from outoring. and wliorovov sho hns boon swootnoss and help havo followed hor. My wifo is gront at visiting among tho slums, and Wlion sho foil ill Nurse Monicn camo to lier becauso sho know hor. Otherwise sho confines hor work almost wholly and eololy to tho poor, and from thorn bIig refusos to tnko monoy for hor sorvices ! ' As Waddilove finished speaking tliere oame a knock at the door, and a Borvaut told him that his wife wished to boo him. Sho had juat awoke, and tho nurse thought it a good opportun ity for the husband to pay his usunl daily visit. Wnddilovo loft the room in obedi ence to tbe summons, and Hubort went outside to tbo verandah, and leaned on tho railings while be finished smoking his oigar, and gazed out over tho waters of tbo bay. Reginald still remained seated at tbe table, which was laden with fruit and flowers of the ohoicoet and most costly kinds. Ho wob deop in a roverio, his oigar lay unheeded on his plate, and his ono hand shaded his faco from tho lamp light. Suddenly a soft and gentle voice said, — 'I bog your pardon, Mrs. Wnddi lovo thinks sho would liko some grapes, and I am going to toko hor up a bunoh.' Reginald started as if he had boon shot, and two hasty strides brought him to tho speakor's side — a girl drossod in tho sober black garb ' of a nurso, and wearing a capacious white apron nnd snowy cap on tho top of hor rippling hair. Yery swoot nnd sad tho faoe looked undor this cap. The eyes wore largo, and dark, and mourn ful, and all tho colour in her faoe was oentrod in her lips. ' Maroia ! ' Roginald oxolnimed, in a low, tenso whisper, and with tho unoortnin accent of a man who onnnot quito believe the ovidonco of his own senses. 'Is it really you — alive — in tho flosh ? ' Tho nurso swerved backward, and soomod to contemplate flight, but Reginald, divined her intention. Be fore sho could reach tho door, ho had his back against it, and thou she stood silont boforo him, hor face deadly palo, and hor bosom, lioaving with un controllable agitation. Aldham reached out his hand and laid it tontativoly on hor shoulder. Yos, it was firm flosh and blood that root his touch, not tho yielding nir ns ho had half fenrod. This wns no ghost — no vision — but a living breath ing woman — Maroia's vory solf. Ho drow hor to tho light, nnd sho yioldod horsolf passivoly. Thou ho bent down and oxnminod ovory foa- turo of tho swoot faco — ovory familiar lino that ho thought liis oyos would novor again rost upon— -ovory" dolionto contour that dwolt uuforgotton in his momory. ' Thauk Hoavon — thank Hoavon ! ' lio eriod, forvontly. ' It is' roally. you, and tho sin of bloodguiltinoss hns boon tnkon from mo. How can I ovor ho sufficiently grateful for tho moroy vouchsafed mo 1 ' Strnngoly oarnost words from tho lips of gay, careless, selfish, Roginald Aldham ! And strnngoly enrnost did ho look as ho Btood there with the Inmplight falling full on his face — all aquiver with omotion. Tho so-called nurse gazod at him long and seriously, then sho Baid, vory quietly,— ' I did not think it was possiblo for you to be so moved, even by the ap pearance of one whom you supposed to bo doad ! ' ' Then you don't know what I havo suflovod since,' ho answorod, quiokly. ' It soomod to me that tho moment I hoard of your supposed death I saw tnysolf as I was for tho first timo', and roalisod tho full dopth of my infamy. I was n scoundrol, Maroia — I deserved to ho blotted off tho faoo of tho onrth, and if you liatod mo a thousand timos moro thnn it is in your nnturo to iinto, it would still bo far from my dosorts. ' Tlioro is ft cortuiu point whoro language fails, and I have reached that poiut. Words ennnot toll you of my romorso whon I thought I had drivon you to tho last oxtrOmity ' Ho stopped aud shudderod, whilo sho still looked at him with hor largo, serious oyos. ' Maroia, I hardly daro Insk your forgivonoss, but lioro, in tho attitudo of tho humbiost of suppliants, I confess my penitence ! ' 'Ho foil on his knoos nnd buriod his faco in hor dross, still holding hor small cold hand in his. Hubort, who hnd boon attracted by tbo sound of voioos, came to tbe win dow, but on seeing the tableau before bim, drow hastily baokwnrd. tjnfor- tunntely, tlioro was no othor ©gross from tho balcony, save, through tho room, and so lio was forced, unwill ingly, to play tho part of oavos- droppor. Noithor Maroia nor Roginald woro nwaro of his prosonoo. Into tho oyos of tho forraor toars woro rising. Thoy rollod slowly down hor cbooks, nnd foil on tho bowod bond of tho man boforo hor. ' Got up. Hubort,' sho-said, tremu lously. 'It is not for mo to rofuso forgivonoss of a wrong, whon I havo ' implored Hoavon for my own Bins. I had thought— and hoped wo Bhould not moot again, but sinco it has boon docrood othorwiso, the least wo ctiu do, is not to part ns onomios ! ' Part ! ' ho oxolaimed, rising to his foot. 'What need 1b there for us to part at all ? Why should I not do all that is loft mo to right tho wrong ? If you say you forgive mo, then surely I may hope that you beliovo in tho sincority of my ropontanoo, end my dosiro to inako up to you, as far as possiblo, for all tbo imhappiuoss I liavo causod you to suffer. Try mo onoo more, Maroia — tako mo for your husband, and it shall be tho oifort of my lifo to mnko you forget tlio past ! ' Sho lookod at him with wido opon oyos, hor breath coming and going swiftly. ' But aro you not married already ? ' slio whisporod, shivoringly. ' No, thanks bo to Providence, whiob savod mo from. that last wickodnoss! If you will be ray wifo, wo will begin a fresh lifo together, bore in this new world, whoro no ono will know what has kapponod away in England, nnd wo will hope there may yet bo years of happiness in store for us, undesorvod as I shall fool them to bo. Tell mo Maroia ' — ho put his two hands on her shoulders, ana looked down into hor eyes— 'is all the old love gono for ovor, or caii the ashes be fanned into being again ? ' Alas, poor Maroia ! She' was not of the stuff of Which heroines aro made, and that soft wooing voioo had all its old power over her. Sho had fanoied that his oruolty had killod overy vestige of affection in her heart, and yot it flamod up again, koen and bright, undor the infiuonoo of his pro sonoo. Well, perhaps it was hotter so. Hor only ehnnoe of happiness lay in Regin ald's hands, and unworthy of hor as ho had provod himself, thore could ho no doubt that tho fires of tribulation through which he had passed had had a great eGeot on him; . « # ' # 'But tell mo,' ho said, presently, ' how it is I find you horo ? ' A deep shamed flush mounted to the girl's brow, and she clasped hor two hands nervously together. When sho spoke sho kopt hor eyes fixed on tho ground. 'You heard how in misery and depression, I tried to tnko my lifo ? ' she murmured, in a voice that hardly rose nbovo a whisper. ' Yos, I rend an account of it in the newspapers first, and whon I hurried up to Rook's NeBt, and found you were gone, my foars were confirmed.' ' I was vary misorablo,' Mavcin said, piteously, ' it soemed to me my heart was dead, and the more fact of my being in tho world, cast n shadow of shamo on my sister. Poor Letty ! Sho was so pure and strong, and good that her vory presonco wns a reproach to mo. 'Thon, whon Miss Ellcsmore's will turnod up, and Letty wns resolved that I should olaim the estates, I folt that doath itself would bo profernblo, so I — I tried to drown mysolf. It was a dark evening, and tbo tido floated mo down tbo rivor very quiokly ; eventually I was picked up by a bargeman, who thought at first that I was doad. 1 But his wifo did hor host to rostoro mo, and nftor a long timo I recovered consciousness. Tho bnrgo stopped nt Greenwich, and tho man and his wifo woro helping ino to land, with the in- tontion of taking mo to a hospital, when a gontlomau who was passing, stopped to inquire what was tho matter with mo. It turned out to bo tbo groat doctor, Sir James Hay, and directly ho saw mo, lio recognised mo, for it was ho who oamo down to Wood- side to soo my ruothor whon sho was ill, and luckily for mo, he remembered my faoo. ' Thoy told him whoro and how thoy had found mo, and ho gave them somo monoy, and said ho would tako ciiargo of mo. I can't toll you how good and kind he was to me !' Maroia continuod, her voioo quivering with omotion. ' And more than that, he respoctod ray desire for silonoo. It soomod to mo that as I was supposod to be doad, my purpose was accomplished, and if I could only got right nwny, there would novor be any dangor of my shame re flecting itself on Lattice. ' So I mado Sir .Tamos promiso novor to botray my secret, and through his kiudnoss, I was enabled to got somo training as a nurso, and camo out horo. Ho writes to mo occasionally now, aud tho InBt timo ho sent mo nows of Lot- tioe, and hor photograph !' Marcia pausod a moment, thon added, timidly, — ' I suppose it was because sho claimod your ostates that you camo to Australia ? ' A doop red stained Reginald's brow' He .hesitntod for a minute, thon ho said, — ' No ; I havo nothing to do with tho Ellosmoro ostates. ' Nothing to do with them ! ,' Maroia repeated, iu amazement. ' My name is not Ellosmoro at all. It is Reginald Aldham. Hubor 1 Ellostnoro was a friond of mine, wk0 , wns staying at Higbfiold tho samo timo I was. And if you romoinbor, you found n card whioh foil out of my pockot ono day when I was talking to you, with his name upon it. You imagined that it was my own, and I did not contrndiot you — indeed, I was glad at tho mistake, for 1 lmd sorious reasons for wishing to conoonl my identity.' Reginald did hot think it necessary to discloso what thoso reasons woro — namely, his ongagomont to Violot Wintor, which, to do him justico, ho had boon anxious enough to break oG. Ho would doubtloss havo sucooodod in freeing himself from it, but for Sir Wilfred's autboritativo action, nnd bis own dobts, which had combined to foroo him into ncquiosconco in tho arrnngomonts for tho marriage. ' But,' Maroia said, ' surely it was Ellosmoro Grango that I stayed at? ' ' Yos ; and I had to square tho liouspkoopor not to lot you know tbo truih.' ' Then, who is Hubort Ellosmoro ? ' 'Ho wns tlio real ownor of tho Grange, and your !( Bister's ongaged lovor.' ' Lottico'B ? ' Ho noddod nssentingly, nnd Marcia throw out lior hands with a suddon movomont of dospairingremorso. ' What is it ?' askod Roginald, who lenow nothing of tho complication that hnd oiisuod so for as Lottico was con- coruod, by his assumption of hor Jimeo's name. It, must bo romomborod that ho was unaware of Lottico's presonco ot Rook's Nost, tho fact of which had boon carefully coucoalod from him by Mre. Barkor. When tho housokoopor informed him that Marcia had loft, she did not think it necessary to add that eho had boon accompanied in hor flight, by Lottico. 'What is it ? ' ho repeated, finding Marcia silont.' She turnod upon bim a porfeotly ashen face, for hor swift intuition had lod hor to tho truth, and she understood now the stouy horror that had como in hor sister's oyeB at the mention of her lover'e name. 'It is this. Lottico believes that the man who docieved mo by a false marriage waB Hubort EUesmero !' fTo be continued. J 