CAN THE SEA GIVE UP ITS DEAD? Told by an Es-Datectivo. CHAPTER I. THE GHOSTLY HARPIST. In that delightful suburb of London, H&mpstead;, dwelt Sir Charles Lester, a man cot of great wealth for the position he held by his rack. S;ili, bo was prond and haughty, and, to those who offended him, stern and unforgiving. The house in which he lived was an old-fashioned tcu uuub. UUC| sun uuuucu r itu n uigu t»« old trees, wbioh shut out the charming prospect of the country around. The windows were quaint, being formed of little CA a. C? f M lUnwtAa mAiil J Ue«tn hcFin clUHlU9'iUA (Jit vua ICS ViUUiU Alalu MCvU uvaaiuvw, at the idea of modernizing the dear old place. He had for many years lived almost the life of a her mit; even bis own relations were received with such coldness that they called as seldom as pro priety would permit. To tbie quiet mansion I had been summoned, and there I found Sir Choxk-B extended upon a sofa bed, with a email table placed by bis 6ide. On this .table were fruits, a Bible, and a bottle of physic.. .X . " Be seated; Mr Geryal," saidSir Charles. "May I offer you soiu3 |fefreehiiiSftt?" 7 / 7 - " Koj thEnk ydn. Sir Charles ; but, if you please, we will to business. I always liieTo have the fulL j particulars at once, ahd I woqM ask you not to keep any secret from me. Of course, whafc'you tell me j will bainthe etriotest confidence." " rxooa 1 i wm eaaeavor 10 carry out your.xu» . structions. ;£ may. as weii inform you. that this honse has been said to be bsuhted ever since the days of Queen Anne. I did not believe it ; but now " i v He paused, hie face became pale, and his lips j quivered. Thenheaddfed in a broken voice: I " Now I believe it." "Believe it, Sir Charles 1" I exclaimed, in as- ! tonishment. ' It would tako agrest deal to make i me believe any house was hauntied." j ' Tbat may be. However, listen. You must know i that my estates were entailed, but my grandfather, j with the consent of my father and myself, cut off the I entail. The reasons for doing this were, firstly, | heavy mortgages which had been made to pay my i grandfather's gambling debts— for we all preferred ! poveity to dishonor." i " But, Sir Charles, yon are not poor f" j " Not as an ordinary man," said Sir Charles, with I pride ; " but for my position terribly so. Well, let ! tbat inatter pass. 1 camo -into the property, in clue i course of. time, and set about, restoring the family i fortune,. Foolish ideal 1 showed my knowledge j of the world by marrying leve, n singer— beaut i- : ful as an angel. But no matter; she died in giving ! birth to a child. Oh, how I loved that child ! Fer- ! haps I am to blame for what .happened afterwards. Herbert crew 11 n e.eif.willpil tm»? Ronven fnrrriwn me for having to say it of my son I— dissolute to a degree. I argued with him— ha laughed in my face ; I became stern— he replied in equal anger. I turned him from my doors, and he fled to America, Bat a vengeance more terrible than mine overtook him. Tne ship struck upon eotne rocks en the coast of Australia and every soul osi board perished. But time heals the deepest wenncl of the affections, and i forgot end forgave Herbert. I adented & relation a cousin only— who is now at college, and on him I have settled everything— aye, even to my heart's love, and well have I baeu repaid byhis affeo- ! tlon." '< j ' Well, Sir Charles," I said, " if that is the case, I I trust you are at last happy." j " I should have been groaned the bsroutt. Then I after a psase, he added in an awestruck whisper' j " Can the sea give up its dead ?" ' ; The intensity with which the question was put somewhat etafElsd me. However, with an attempt j at a smile, I gave him to und a-stand that I was no j believer in the supernatural. ! lie drew himself nearer to . me, and .said in a- i whisner : - ? ' \- »; Myeon Barbei t: til's honse.- I—/ have sem him." '' It must have been a delusion or a Issdk, my dear eir," i remarked. . ' Neither," he said, earnestly. " It wi»3 bis spirit. I had just -awakened Ironi a light doze; when by the moonlight which cams through that window I saw a ehidow glide 0 cross the rooT . 1 tuffer from an fcffzction of the spine, and eaa fcnt move w:th slow- ness, and with the greatest pain. Kaireve?, with some difficulty I managed to ruise teyaell on my elbow to watch the spectre's sToverr-cuts. ft "lided to yonder escritoire— to open w'-rieh you must touch a eecret spring. This tho apparition seemed to know, for it touched the spring, the secret drawer flaw open, and the spirit took therefrom a certain document." "Are you certain, S'=r Charles, you were not dreaming ?' " I was not dreaming," Mr. Gerval. . " Oh, no I I oalied out, Who are you — what do you want here?' The spectre turned its faoe toward me, And I saw by the pale light of the inoon the features of my son Ha gazed s irrowf ally at me, and then vanished close i by that old wardrobe." ! A fitartlincy B.tnvtrl" T vamn.LO itir to nave you eeen anything since ? . " Only — only ocoe— and then it vanished in a moment.' " You found the document all right ?" " Yes ; but it bad been opened end read." " And what was tho nature of tie document ? ' I inquired. - " My will. The will in which d leave all my pro- petty to my adopted son-orge Standing. Smoe then I have had the will removed to an iron eafe." "And you have not seen theghost since?" " Never, But I have known that it has been near me. I have heard it." " Heard it 1" > " Ney® no' J01 that my wife was a singer ? - Well, she used to play tho harp admirably. When she died I could not bear the sight of the in strument, 'and bad it removed to a room where, amongst old cabinets and so forth, it has remained, la spite of my son's pleading that itshouldbe given to bim-r-for .he was passionately fond of music ; but I could not bear any one to touch her harp, bo it remained silent until berg he paused, passed his hand quickly over his eyes, and groaned. Tnen, leaning over towards me, ha said, in a solemn whisper, ' Until a few nights ago; when I heard that harp played by — by — my wife," " Impossible 1 You said tbat ehe died in giving birth to your only eon ?" I remarked. ; "That is perfectly true; but at the same time I can swear that I heord her play ope of those wild German airs of which she naed to be so fond. I listened, entranced. 1 could 110 t—ldared cotruove The next morning I went to the room, not into it— / could ml do that. I found it locked and bolted as I had left it. I examined the bolts, aud the duet was still on them. No one conld have entered that room." ' ' . '= Your adopted eon, Mr George Standing— does he know anything ahou, this ?" J usfced. " I wrote him all particulars, and I expected him here from Oxford before you," replied the baronet ! I wished you to consult with Lim." " Confound it ali 1'.' I thougiit, «' When will people learn to keep their tongues still 7" But I said quietly to Sir Charles, "1 aia sure I shall be most delighted, and : — The sonorous clang iff the lodge bell interrupted ' us. A carriage came 'up the drive, and in a few moments a handsome young fellow burst into the room in a manner £ thought little fitted for a sick chamber. r "My dear benefactor," he cried, burryiug up to the bed and bending over the sick man, " what is this I hear? Can it.be that soma wrc-iehea are try- ing by these means to rob you — to kill you— by working on your too sensitive pature? 01 course as to their being real spectres, that's all moon shine." " Hush, hush, George !" said Sir Charles, faintly ; . " yon are too boisterous for me. This is the gentle man whom I have had fetched from London to solve the mystery, and he says that wo must keep the matter entirely to ourselves. You must nGt 1« t a bouI in the bouse know who or what he is — yon understand ?" Mr George Standing declared he did understand, and shook me cordially by tbe hand, saying Ih&t; he wonld help me in every way. Then he insisted that he wonld sleep in Sir Charles's room, and Sir Charles have another, where Be would not be dis turbed. I had wished to have mads tho s&mo; proposal about tbe room, as 1 wanted to sleep there ; but the baronet seemed delighted r-t his adopted son's cou rage, and so I had to give up my claim. I strolled into tbe extensive grounds, and lit my cigar so as to smoke and think over the case. But I could make nothing of it. Of a truth, I did not like the interference of Mr George Standing — a handsome, opened -f&e; d gentleman, but with uu- steady eyes and lips, and, what I dielike, far too gushing. In tbe midst ol these truths -the Foun'd of the dinner-bell struck upon igy, ear, and I hurried btok to join Mr Standing io the dinipg-ropm, as I : >- Dinner over, as Mr Standing's invitation I joined him in the smoking-room, where we had ...some capital cigars and 00 ff ?e. In coarse of conversation he let drop the secret that Sir Charles's son had to go abroad in consequence of some forgeries he had committed. _ -j . " Sir Charles never told me that, I said, quickly. "No, of course he would not — the honor of the family, and all that kind of thing," said Mr Stand ing, eomewnat huefeily. " And now poor Bertie has gone, tbe least said abont it the better. But that wae the case. Of course Herbert had to bolt, at d— you know the rest — he was drowned." " Yon sre sure he was drowned ?" ' Positive. I do not know all the full particulars but Sir Charles had th6 case thoroughly investigated, and there was not the slightest doubt of it. I never could make poor Herbert out., I suppose his erratic and bad qualities came from the. mother's side." ' 4-; . " Perhaps so," I remarked, quietly. " You sleep in Sir Charles's room to-night ?". . .. . r ,, 3 VI' £ tl. . -K'AnJ M 1 do, QG Uluuerea, puuiDg lurbii & pieiuir if the ghost appears I intend firing at it." - " Be carefnl, and don't shoot rashly, " I remarked. " If Sir Charles really did see this phantom, .who . can tell that it may not be some sleep-walker ? And in th&t;'csse it would be homicide, though, perhaps, in tho lowest degree." - - -i, v- " Never fear me ; I know what I am about,,- ho said; " Perhaps you will have news by the morn ing." , . . " Perhaps I shell,'-' I flaid, and, wipg him gppd -evening, etrollea out in the.gr.punas.: 7 re chap "7 I' J ... - ' . .. 2 -r .7 '' 1 ® c J"' & "THE MYSTERY OF; THE HASP. C-... . e" Tnat nigbt, being tired from tho day's work? ARd the fresh ait, I" soon _ fell asleep, ..to dream jotalL kinds of ghbstS and mysteriousjmuSiOi SuddBly P. awoke, and as I oolieoted my 'taioughts-,- Tof mnsie fell upon, my ears, jbufenoti the; mnejc- whioh I had heard in my dreams. It was'the music of a harp lightly touohed, and yet with exquisite feeling. I do oonfess that after all Sir Chadee had told: me, I began to feel superstitious for the first time in my life; bat for all that I was not to be done. So getting out of bed hastily, I put on my clothes, taking care, however, not to put on my boots ; for I wished to steal about tbe house as nojfelesely as possible. The masio had ceased by now, and all the house seemed wrapped in silence. Taking up the: lamp I gently unlocked- my door, and stole out into Tbe corridor. . All quiet. Indeed, after the shock piy nerveB .had received, all seemed to me most unnaturally quiet, and I could realise the old saying.—" As gill as death," - I was abont to return to my own room when the sharp report of a pietol smote upon my ear. It was followed by a faint ory, and both , came from the room, lately occupied by Sir Charles, and "now tenanted bv his adouted eon.. I soon found that not I alone had heard' the report of the pistol. The household had been aroueed, and lights began to flit about. "Q iiek, quick 1" I cried. " Come here 1" 11 What is it, sir 1 What is the matter ?" de manded many of the servants as they hurried to wards me.. 4t I don't know. But follow me." 1 would sooner have entered the room alone, but that could not be. We knooked at the door and called on Mr Standing, but no reply csme. So, ordering one or two others to help me, we burst in the door. I ' Goorge Standing lay on the bed as pals as death. Indeed, "when I first saw him 1 believed ns was dead but the servants dashed water over, his fees, "and after a little while he recovered. In faot, I thought he recovered somewhat sooner than /was natural. " Let 38 get out of this horrid room 1". he cried. " I have seen it — 1 have seen it I"- . - " Seen what ?" demanded the servants, eagerly. » Me Standing," T said, sternly, f' are. yon .a r>TOBrd/th&£ & dream could have eo frichtened vou? Thisilrhow ill Sir Charles L'.-ster is. By the why,'- I continued, turning to the servants, " some of you bad better go and see how Sir Cbarles ie. This mad freak — nightmsrc, or whatever it ia— may have' greatly alarmed him. Tbe rest can go to bed. I will remain with Mr Standing." Of course the servants did not like this, as it did net satisfy their curiosity ; but as Mr Standing, much to my surprise, ordered the people to obey me. t'aey did so most reluctantly. When we were alone, and the door securely locked, I turned upon Mr Standing, and said, quietly : " Mr Standing, I am not to be humbugged. What is the meaning of this little game?" " Game I" he exclaimed. " I do not understand yon. What do you mean ?" He tried to look indignant, but I could see tbat be moved about uneasily, and there was that trembling of the upper lip whioh no honest or truthful man ever has. " I simply mean this. I do not believe a word about the ghost. I believe you have done this only to frighten Sir Charles. I do not believe in ghosts, and therefore I do not for one moment credit that Rw_ rT.uk#,>» T.neiAii n mnaan himaflll li« nat»ikiMn yiyjueib AJDSbcx nuiucco uuuccu v/ luatvuiug about these rooms at the -dead of night. Sir Charles is ill ; he has been very severe with his son, whose death has been a heavy blow to him. NaturaMy, in his weak state, his imagination race wild, and he fancies all kinds of things, and nothing so likely that his bested thoughts should ran upon his boy. Bat you are different. From what I can hear, there never was much love between you aud Mr Herbert. You could only coDjure up such a vision from one cause." 'Indeed! And what may that cause be?" he said, with a forced laugh and a meaning glanoe at me. " To kill Sir Charles with fear and remorse..- You know the nervous state he is in, and any great shock might be his death. Take my adviee, sir ; go and sea the baronet at ouce. Tell him it muBi have been b dream." " By heavens, it was mi 1" cried the young fellow, quickly. li Very wall, then, if you will not go I must," I said, quietly. " Oaly I thought you could have mads the story so as to suit :yoajr , purpose better than I eball be able to do." ! : ' He thought for a moment, and then hastilyyrrqp- ing a dressing-gown abont himself,1 thrqat/hiS'Ieet into his slippers, and, mattering something -'about being ready to do what I wished, although - hp saw,, no use in it, left the room. . , ? I waited until; I was Bnrehe would not retuBa; then locked- .the door. I seized, the lamp, mid turned the light' np a little; wpy so thftt l oonld see better; Then I began to . examine the place carefully where the spectre was said to have- disap peared. The wall appeared solid enough. I tried it gently with my knuoklcs, but no sound of hollowness was given forth. Suddenly my eyes were arrested" by a spot on the polished boards. I knelt down and "ex amined it carefully. It was wet, and when 1 touohed it I found that it was blood. Yes, blood 1 1 traced it on and on, drip by drip, until I csme to the recess by the old-fashioned fire place. Here they ceased. I examined the wainscot carefully, and at last discovered what appeared to be a small curved kuob, whioh I screwed round, and found that tbe oak panel on whioh it was' fixed yielded at once to my touch, and I discovered a narrow opening, in which was a staircase. I iound the secret of the spring inside, and then, hav ing entered the passage, closed the d or carefully behind me. Up. up, up I went, for the staircase was spiral, wheu!atlaat I found myself opposite another door, which I examined carefully, and eoon discovered a similar spring as in the door below. I was about to touch it, when low, sweet sounds of glorious music rose softly on the air — so softly that I conld scarcely believe it to be of this earth. I turned the light of the lamp down nntil it was only a spark, and then placed it upon the step. I turned the secret spring, .pushed open the door, which opened noiselessly, and crept into the lum ber-room — for the sound told me that was the apartment said to be haunted. It was a fine long room, lighted only on one side by low, gabled win dows, through which the fitful light of the moon now and then gleamed as she broke through storm- rent cloudB. By this light I managed to see that there were heaps of old furniture and suoh like things about, looking moBt ghost like in ihe gloom. But one object fixed my attention, and I became blind to all others. It was a young man who was seated at a harp, the strings of which he touched plaintively, whilst his pale faoe was turned with a sorrowful look to tbe winaow, I knew it in an instant. It was that of Herbert L66ter, but so ghastly pale that / almost Behaved it was a ghost. Presently he touched the strings rather louder, sending forth the weird sounds which had so startled the household. S «' Well." thought I, anything more like a ghost 1 usver saw. Bui reason tells me ghosts cannot pull harp strings ; so here goes." 1 stole gently np behind him, but striking some- thing with my foot, the sound attracted his atten- " Herbert Lester, what is the meaning of this folly ?" I said. There was no doubt he was there, flesh and bone now ; for he turned roan i and grappled with me with- a strength that I could not have believed so frail a creature could have possessed. However, I soon bad him under my control, and said : " Listen to me, sir. 1 am your friend, although the way I may have to behave may not Eeem like it. We have not a minute to lose ; so, if yon please, yon will jast tell me what tbe whole affair means, hiding nothing from me. Remember, 1 say, I am your 'friend, and 1 mean it. Come; speak out, and do not hide a thing." The young fellow saw that I was right, and briefly told me all. CHAPTER III. RETRIBUTION. Then /noiselessly and cautiously,- we crept to the door cf Sir Charles Lsster'a sleeping apartment. Bv the dim lisht of a modarateur Jamn. which was only half turned up and carefully shaded, I saw Sir Charles eeated in bed, propped up by pillows. By the bedside stood George, his right hand grasped in tbe long thin ones of the sick man, and the left placed over his eyes. He looked th6 picture of igrief. ; ; " My son — for so I shall now oonsider you, Her bert being dead — I feel' that but b few' days, or at best "weeks, can-, intervene between . this and my ; death- He, me 1 when we . are in strong health, how little "do we tbfnk of the rashness oL our actions 1 But death, in dimming our bodily sight, opens, our/ mental, eyes and clears their "vision, JHerbat diff/wrbnj I khow f but was I not tp blame yaiweil?" \ £"3 i. ' - >;. /./"Oh, no, no £"tee®ditgenotrowful George ; "do Jn64.aay that./ ¥on%otil£ notmtr to hlatne. " « AVi .res T vse f' fhat 10 river— hfl iff (9@fi.Vl. /Kw'saw his spirit ?!' ' - - i;-3'T ddid indeed./ I can swear. 'it. ., I fired at. itsi,;-;- ':is .'"/ '/ /. ./- " A' V/haf -Ccould ..have brought " it here? Stay, -"George, I' Have left yon everything ; but etiil I love my eon.:; Had he returned to me and aeked for giveness, .'he -should have had it. I have grieved for him deeply, and long since i have forgiven him. May-Heaven torgivebim alsol" " Surely, surely," sobbed the young man. " I pray for his soul night and day. Oh, had he not forged those bills i— " He did not forge .those hilla — at least, I have hope's that such is hot the oase. Yesterday I re-, ceived a letter stating that proofs Af his innooence would sees be forthcoming. Indeed, lately 1 have had "eeverel ccmmuuicationB of almost the like nature. Sometimes 1 . could almost fancy 1 re cognise Herbert's style- in the writing of these hptes." / " Ab. how the affections work upon the imagina tion 1" groaned George. "No dcubt some scheming wretch has done this." " ltmay be so ; 1 do not know — 1 cannot say," replied Sir Charles, as he passed his hand wearily over his brow, "lfeel as if 1 bad been in some horrible dream from whioh 1 am slowly awaken ing." ; " " Who were these letters signed by ?" asked George, softly. " They are not signed— they are anonymous," replied Sir Charles. "1 have placed them care fully away in that drawer. You may examine them." 1 saw George's eye light up with glee as he left the bed and moved towards the drawer indicated. Ashe did so, the light fell full on his face, and 1 must say I never saw anything so evil. There was a devilish triumph in the thin lips, and the long, thip white hands moved nervously, as if eager to grasp the papers. To me that look betrayed all, and. 1 determined upon a bold move. Motioning Mr Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quickly forward, eo as - to "place myself between the young -fellow and the drawer containing the letters. Pardon me," 1 said, quietly. " With your per mission, . I will examine these letters before you touch them." .. jSe sprang back, his. lacs first pale and then livid with rage, aa Ae exclaimed : \- "7w&at; the devil do you want here, sir?" '/r"#domiy.dd,V=4 -replied, .quietly — "honestly - and fairly; and that is more than 1 think you can Say, Mr Standing." \- ' Sir Charles, am 1 to . be insulted ?" almost shrieked Mr Standing. "Sir Charles has placed this matter in my hands,, and will be kind enough not to interfere," 1 put ia, as 1 drew forth the letters, and, opening the packet, took out a letter. fleeing that Master George: was ready to make & spring upon the others if I put them on the table, 1 thrust them into my pocket, and, advancing to the lamp, coolly commenced to read the one 1 had in my hand, although 1 knew the contents would not guide mc to anything. However, 1 took great care to watch my agitated friend out of the corner cf my eye. " Good writing for a ghost," 1 muttered, lead enough for the others to hear — " almost too good ; but there is a mistiness about them which becomes a person of so little substance: " 1 then drew a letter from the other end of the packet, opened it, and read that. " Sir Cbarles," said l.quiokly. "have you any of those forged bills handy ?" TTa nnintad to ha fiams dra.t?pr_ And 1 annn the bills in my hand, comparing them whh the letter. " This is too bad !" cried George Standing. " Is the honor of the family to be placed in this fellow's hands— a low policeman 2 " " Better trust the honor of the family In my hands than in those of some people 1 know. Sir Charles, are you prepared for a great surprise— an agreeable one, 1 hope, but one which may tax your strength to the utmost ?" " Go on. 1 am ill, but 1 can bear all." " Some of these letters, wherein your son asks for pardon, are no doubt genuine ; the others are forgeries." " Forgeries 1" " Yes ; and the man who forged those letters forged the bills " " Great heavens I" George grew ashen white. " It's a fact, and 1 oan prove it," said 1. " Your son shall prove it." ''Mysonl He is dead!" cried the baronet, an angry shade gathering on his face. " Be calm! He is ml dead. You saw no ghost — -you heard no ghost; but you did see your son in the flesh. Now, be calm." "1 am calm. Where is he 7" demanded Sir Charles, eagerly. " Here l" oried Herbert. And the next mament he was kneeling at his father's bedside. \- 1 Bhall not easily forget the glance "of hatred Georgeg&ve; me at that moment. As soon as the father and he were calm enough, 1 said: " We had better wind this little matter up gs quickly and quietly as possible. Sir Charles, with " your permission 1 will take a chair. Gentlemen.' 1 may you will be calm and keep your tempers. Be- member 7 accuse nobody, and the shorter your an swers are the quioker will thiB painful scene be over. First of all, Mr Lester, how came you to be playing ghost in your own father's hcuse ?" "After 1 was accused of all sorts of crimes, by the advice of George, 1 started for Australia, 1 was shipwrecked, and having heard that my father refused bis forgiveness, 1 made my way inland. At last, all other ties being broken; 1 determined to return home, face my fats, and prove my innocence. 1 communicated with George, who told me it was madness ; that my father had a warrant out against me, and 1 could expect no mercy. Still, 1 returned, ana being acquainted with a secret passage whioh led from the old tower in tbe grounds, 1 availed myself of it, determined to discover what baleful in fluence was at work to keep my father's heart so from me. Knowing the ways of this old house, I was able to glide about like a ghost . At last I was discovered by this gentleman whilst playing my mother's harp." " Great heavens 1" murmured the baronet, clasp ing his thin hands. " I think most ghost stories could be as easily explained as this one," said I, " if people would but set "about clearing up the matter cooliy. Go on, Mr Herbert— go on, sir." " The dread of being tried for forgery kept me away eome time. At last I ventured all. 1 wished to obtain the forged documents, prove my inno cence, and then, father, humbly crave your mercy. Of course directly George heard of the ghost, he knew who it was. He attempted my life in the so- called haunted chamber. I was wounded, and by the biood-matks, this gentleman traced me to the old lumber -room. My story is told — and, father, I am here !" I never could do the pathetic business, and my eyes are not given to weeping, but they were damp then, and I had a nasty lump in my throat. At last Sir Charles released his son, and, turn ing to George Standing, said : " George Standing, you have heard all that baB passed. Can you deny it? Nay, do not add to your many other crimes that ot lying I I see the lie is in your brain and in your heart, but it chokes even your' throat. Confess all, and I will not only jo to (Utoo rn tat IW tail not bo gmutaV; but 6ettls on you a modest competency on whioh you can live abroad, where your antecedents will ba unknown. Think before you answer — for your choice is final." He thought for a moment, and then said, sulkily : "IVril, 1 cor-fsFs that 1 did lay the trap into which both Sir Cnarirs and Herbert fell. The stake « as worth the riek, and bold as the game was I played it. Of course I tried to keep Herbert away. Whilst he was somewhere in Mexioo, I was sate. Fortune turned upon me — he came back. You kno-.v tbo rest." Abandoned wretch !" cried Sir Charles. " Go 1 Never more enter my presence. Go to your room, and th-sro coin rait a fall confession of your crime to paper. By its truthfulness shall I regulate the allowance I shall grant yen. Then quit the house for ever. Ali e immunisations between us must now ba made through ray lawyer. Go I" With a half-defiant air, the young fellow left the room. 1 soon followed him, deeming it prudent to leave father and son alone. As 1 softly closed tho door, 1 heard S-r Charles offering np a fervent thanksgiving that the sea bad given up its dead 