GENERAL NEWS. The repetition of '? St. Paul ' by the Perth Musical Union, last Saturday even ing, attracted bnt a sparse audience, we re gret to say. The performance itself was in many respects a magnificent one, and the choruses were rendered with an unanimity, attention to light and shade, . attack and let-off that lef t reallv nothing- to h* deR ired. The principals, too, were all in ex cellent form, and Mrs. Gale, Mrs. Forbes, Mrs. Dyer, Mrs. Birell Gray and Mr Taylor, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hart and Cap fain Crook were the recipients of especial applause. The performance was tadeed a real musical treat, and one which the audience vost fully appreciated. Mr. Hensman conducted with that precision and steadiness which led bis forces on from victory to victory, and there was not a s£gv of flagging fn-m the beginning te the end of the oratorio, which is a test of the abili ties of the best musiaal societies. Mrs. UensmaJirat the piano, was as unobtrusively reliable and useful as ever, and Mr. W. Stephens also materially aided upon the organ. The annexed extract from a recent num ber of the Sydney Evening News will inter est many of our readers .— ' A pretty wed ding was celebrated oh Wednesday after noon at All Saints' Church, Woollahra, the bride being Miss Alice Davies, second daughter of ex-Alderman Davies, of Pad dington-street, Paddington, and the bride groom Mr. Edward Stacey, only Bon of Mr. G. Stacey, of Hobart, Tasmania, and a well known member of the theatrical profession. The bride looked charming in a white laws dress trimmed with Brubsels lace, with beautiful veil and orange blossoms. Th* bridesmaids were Miss Amy Davies and Miss Mabel Willis, the formcr sister of the bride, and the latter a cousin of the bride groom, who were neatly dressed in helio trope satin aad white corded eilk. Mr. Wallace was 'best man.* The breakfast was served at the residence of Hlr. Davies, the tables being beautifully decorated with choice flowers and hare ferns, an immense wedding cake being in the centre. On the entrance of the newly-wedded pair Men delssohn's ' Grand Wedding March' was rendered. ' During the course of the break fast a toast of the 'The Bride and Bride groom ' was proposed by Mr. Davies, and that of 'The Host and Hostess' by Mr. Wallace. Later on the party adjourned to ™» 'Miiuum, wnere a nice programme ot dance and other music was gone through, to the satisfaction and delight of all. The newly-married pair departed on their honey moon amid a shower of rice, and proverbial old slippers, aud goed wishes galore to Coogee, preparatory to proceeding on a theatrical tour throagh South Australia. The British Parliament which came to an end on Jane 28 had not lasted quite eix years. It met first on August 5, 1886, and had therefore been in existence five years and 328 days. Of the Parliaments elected in the present century only four have lasted longer— namely, that of 1820, which eon tinned in existence for six years aud 42 days ; that of 1841, which lasted for five years and 337 days ; that of 1866, six years and 86 days ; and that of 1864, six years and 19 days. The following is the text of the first resolution moved (by Sir W. Q. Ewart) at the great Ulster Convention held at Belfast on June 17 te accentuate their jndgment .- 'By the Throne and Crown of the United Empire alene we abide, and to the Parlia ment cf Great Britain and Ireland alone shall we bow in obedience' : — ' That this Convention, consisting- of 13,879 delegates, representing the Unionists of every creed. cUes, and party throughout Ulster, appoint ed at public meetings held in every electoral division of the province, hereby solemnly resolves and declares : — That we express the devoted loyalty of Olstcr Unionists to the Crown and Constitution of the United Kingdom ; that we avow our fixed resolve to retam unchanged our present position as an integral pertioa of the United Kingdom, and protest in the most unequi vocal manner against the passage of any measure that would rob us of our inherit ance in the Imperial Parliament, under the protection of which our capital has been invested and our homes and rights safe guarded ; that we record our determination to have nothing to do with a Parliament certain to be controlled by men responsible for the crime and outrage of the Land League, the dishonesty of the Plan of Campaign and the cruelties of boycotting, many of whom hare shown themselves the ready instrumsnts of clerical domination ; that we declare to the people of Great Britun our conviction that the attempt to set up such a Parliament in Ireland wil. inevitably result in disorder, violence, and bloodshed asu2h as have not been experienced in this century, and announce our resolve to take no part in the election or proceed ings of such a Parliament, the authority of which, should it ever be constituted, we shall he forced to repudiate ; that we pro test against this great question, which in volves our lives, property and civil rights, being treated as a mere side issue in the impending electoral struggle ; that we ap peal to those of our fellow countrymen who have hitherto been in favour of a separate Parliament to abandon a demand which hopelessly divides Irishmen, and to unite with us un-ier the Imperial Legislature in developing the resources and f urthei ing the best interests of our common country.' Dr. and Mis. Barnett have booked pas ages from London to Albany by the B.M.S. Oceana, leaving Plymouth Oct 1. The Australian Trading World of JuTy 2 states that the Land Corporation of 'West Australia, Limited, has declared a third interim quarterly dividend for the curreat year to the 30th June of 5s. per share, pay able on the 16th July. fc Her Majesty Queen Victoria on June 20 entered upon the fifty-sixth year of her reign. In a little less than a year hecce, should she happily be preserved, she will have reigned longer than any English monarch, with the single exception of he; grandfather, Geoige LLL Henry til. sat upon tbe throne for six-and-fifty years, and already the Queen has held her sceptre for fifty-five. Despite the hordes, of more than halt a century of toil and anxiety, says the St. James' CTazette, .the Queen is still hearty and robust, and it would in no wiy be surprising if the hopes of tie whole empire should im gratified acd she should yet riiga. beyond tbe yea s of her grand father. It is indeed a solitary emia ence, ? peopled only by the ghosts of the past, npon » hich Her Majesty has stood for the greiter pirt of her iei*n, an eminence to') sad and lonely to be enviable, despite the power and splendour of the British tbrone. Sicce first she sat npon the chair of Scone everything around her has changed, and much has crumbled. There is not a monarch alive of all ihcs? who -welcomed che young Queen to her throne in 1837 ; and in many ciees even their kingdoms have gone. War aud revolution have wrought sorrow to many a country and ruin to many a throne ; but through it a!l English institutions have endured without a shock and with scarce a tremor. How much of all this ne owe to the unrivalled p ilitital experience and the educated tact oE Queen Victoria this generation wil. scarcely know. A-fcorrespondent writes : — ' Tour morn ing contemporary, which does not love the G and Old Man, aud which a few weeks ago prophesied uis po'i'ical dovvafail, refers to his regrettable indisposition, and his hav ing-, it is stated, recently been attacked bv a slight fit as giving ground for the sup position that he wQl shoitly be translated to the House of Lords. Evidently the wish would be father tj the thought, if it s-ud that' he is likely to be soon translated to another and a better sphere. But your contemporary may rest assured that M1'. Gladstone is not likely, under :my circum stances, n deck in the House of Lords vest from his labours, and thit while he li i-es and breathes he will be ttue to liw party and remain at their head.' Will j-d's Opera Company, several nit ic - beis of whi'-h are first- class art;sts, will open on Thursday next in the FremautJe Oddfellows' Hall, in Cel let's favourite com edy opera 'Dorothy.' This will ba fol'otred by the samn composer's 'Ihe Mounte banks,' and Solomon & Dance's Savoy sne cess 'The Naaeh Girl.' Mr. WillaM him self is an actor of light comedy of consider able ability and versatility, and during- bis stay in Perth contemplates the production of '? The Arabian Nights' and other well known farcical comedies. The following West Australian items ap pears in the European Mail of July 14:— 'A little emigration work is still going on at the Western Australian Agency. A few well-chosen emigrants will go out on July 12, and about August 25 there will be a dispatch of Borne more domestic servants. All these go from London. The Western Australian Agency has just been advertis ing in the Lancet for a resident medical officer for the Perth Hospital. In response, op to this, 36 applications have been sent, and, judging from all appearances, I believe that the colony is likely to get a good man when the final choice is made. I under stand that there are just now a good many Western Australians in London. Among the number I may particularise Mr. W. S. Pearse, of the Legislative Assembly, and Mr. Symon, the brother of the prominent Mr. Symon of South Australia.' An eight-hours movement has been organised by the men now employed on the Frem&ntle; Harbour works. They have sent a petition to the Premier, urging that they should be treated in the same way as the Governments of the other colonies treat their employees similarly engaged. They pointed out that the usual ' Govern ment stroke ' is not the rule on the break water works, bnt the work is both more continuous amd dangerous than ordinary contract work. The men are complaining of the delay in receiving any reply toJhe petition, which was sent in as far back as the 3cd cf July. The mails from the eastern colonies per Oroya reached Perth by train from Albany at 11*20 a m. on Monday, and were available for delivery before noon. By the arrival of foreign-going ships since Friday last tbe population of the colony has received a nett accession to its population of 141 persons. Thus the Oroya and the Albany (from the eastern colonies) brought out 167 and the Borne (from Eng land and the East) 5, or. a total of 172; while 12 proceeded by the Borne and 10 by the French steamer Polynesien for the eas tern colonies and 9. by the Oroya for Eng land and the East; nett total, 141. We are glad to learn that the accident t» J. Balharry, the East Perth footballer, who was injured on tbe Esplanade during The match ou Saturday, is not likely to be attended with serious consequences. Mr. Balharry was removed from the Colonial Hospital to his home on Monday, and is progressing favorably. The following rainfall for the previous 48 hoars was registered at 9 o'clock a.m. August 1 : — Greeuough 9 points. Southern Cross 2, Northam 8, York 6, Beverley20, Guildford 13, Perth 38, Claremont 45, Fre mantle 39, Jarrahdale 20, Mandurah 23, Williams 12, Arthur 21, Bunbury 15, Vas3e 2, Bridgetown 12, Kojonup 20, Albany 33 , and Esperance 16 points. An enthusiastic audience attended Mr. Sydney Colville's excellent entertainment at St. George's Hall last Saturday evening. Every item on the programme was recei ved with considerable applause. 