A GHOST IN A PALACE. If I were to tell my friends and acqnain* tances of this practical age that I lived for some years in a palace at my eese. had free right to wander over its magnificent apartments, to disport myself in ite tennis courts and pleasure grounds, with vassals — or, rather, a vassal—at my side, they would wink, shake their knowing heads, and probably ask me if I had started a new edition of " fairy tales.'' But such is, nevertheless, a fact. I not only lived in a palace, bat drew my first breath, and opened my round and probably wondering - eyes upon 6cenes of past glories. In a worn, I wm-bairn In a wing of the '^j^btated palace/, gljpding on the river Wenaum, at Norwich, owned by the renowned but ill-fated Duke of Norfolk, who went to his grave withont his head for attempting to establish the power of the no lees ill-fated Lady Jane Grey. Maeaulay grows eloquent , ^ describing ^ splendour, bow the dnnkmg veasels were of l gold, and the commoner kinds of sterling silver. He also informs the reader that Italian artists were employed todecorate the panels with beautiful pictures, and that " Duke's Palace " was the finesttown house out of London. With regard to the gold and silver vessels, I can say nothing, as I never saw any, or heard of any being found. My 4 ' christening mug," I fear, was nothing better than electroplate, and that of a third-class quality, for we were a 44 poor lotbat I can speak as to the works of the Italian masters. On the landings—on some of which a coach and four might have stood comfortably—the f panels bore traces of byegone art. >' My father followed the craft of a goldbeater, and over a carved porch was suspended the insignia of his calling—a brazen arm, withamailet poised aloft in the clenched fist. We kept one servant (my vassal), named Matilda Sledges, a damsel who borrowed oldwent to bed replete with horrors every night. Occasionally I would creep down to the kitchen—it had been a servants' hall in former days—to give Matilda a scare. The scene is plain enough before me now. A small table —which looked as if it had lost its way, and wandered into the crypt of a ehureli—a guttering candle, and a small firein a ^rate at which a sheep misrht have been roasted. Poor Matilda : 3fy parents trade her as comfortable as circumstances would allow, but T have often wondered that amid the gloom and shadows of that dismal region she did not conjure up plenty of ghosts withont the aid of " The Castle of Ontario'' and The Seven Footsteps in the Dungeon." Whenever £ announced my m-esence with a goblin-like yell, the circulating library suffered. One portion of it went clean over her head, detrimental to its binding and general arrangement, and Matilda, who was, perhaps, absorbed in a thrilling episode, would turn very white, and ntter strange sounds in her throat suggestive of the energetic winding-up of the kitchen clock. But she forgave me almost immediately. The girl lorea me. She had held me in her arms as a baby, put up with my childish ways, petted and spoilt me, and I believe that she would have got up in the middle of a winter's night and trudged on her hare feet ten miles over a stony road to do me service. One night—1 think it was in the middle of October—a mighty storm of wind and rain swept over the ancient city. The gale howled and shrieked like a pack of fiendslet loose upon a tortured world. Windows rattled, signboards creaked, huge stacks of chimneys rocked, and every now and then came a crash telling of destruction of pro perty, and perhaps injury to limb and life. My father was at work in a room at the top of the house, bathe could stand it no longer. He came downstairs, looking very pale, and said that the air was full of sounds each se he had never heard before, the flutte ing of thousands of huge wings, hoarse, unearthly cries, and occasionally a loud thud, as if something had fallen from the clouds. My grandmother, who tended with ns at the time, referred him at once to Banyan's " Holy War," and to improve the oscasion, fished that most excellent book from a bookcase, and began toread from it in as solemn tones as though ; she were refreshing ode I . withthe Service -for the Burial of tbe-Dwd^.- . v-Mtefwaflm; bonae—pahwe^ t fflffi^MKwfiglBBwiW^ the-Maaih. mad abov»^(heei«»Eni we _ . #e contt bear the fawning of the tegbeH from time to time. ««Heaven preserve ns?" aud my father, who was pacing the room like a caged tiger. " "We have the bouse down about our It is a judgment on the wicked,' 7 responded my grandmother. " Woe to the unrighteous 2" This was rather an unkind thing for a mother to say toher son, who charged her not for board and lodging; but my father passed it over, and observing that fright was driving me fast to the borders of idiocy, sat at my ode and spoke words of encouragement to me. He told me that enoh conflicts of the dements were all sent to fulfil the laws laid down at the Creation, and withont them the air wonld become eo full of imparities that we could not live. "lightning kills blicht and clears the atmosphere,'' he was saying, when the room beame filledwith a horrid quivering glare of steel bine, and the next instant a terrific peal of thunder drowsed the voice of the hurricane. "I cannot sit here and know that Matilda is alone," cried my mother, starting np. "Matilda! Cttil! Matilda, come np here and sit with ns." , Matilda came np very slowly. She was ttembling in every nerve, and her face was as white as if it had been bleached and powdered with Chinese Sake afterwards. Mv mother gave her a few teaspoonfuls of brandy, carefully hoarded and kept only for medicinal purposes, and Matilda, after throwing her apron over her head, and giving vent to afew spasmodic sobs, was able to speak. " Ob, maim," she said, " this is more than a storm. The coals and cinders fiew out of the grate jest now just as if somebody had caught them np in their hands. And then downthecfcimbley—oh,- good graciousme !— I heard sounds like people fightingand cursing." " A judgment on the wicked city," declared my grandmother. '' Well, I have led a good life, and I am prepared to go." " That must console yoa immensely," said my father, testily. " What nonsense is this? I -waa wrong to mention anything about strange sounds. Of course there would be no end to than in snch a storm as this. There, ry, there! the wind u dropping, and the storm clouds are rolling away.*' I really believe that my grandmother felt disappointed at this satisfactory state of affaire, and that she would have liked at least one gable of the house tocome down with a rattle, but whether she would have cared to be under it is another question. The storm passed away, and then the streets and courts became full of people. Men and women shook hands with each other, as we are told they did at the cessation of the Great Plague of London; bat on returning home .X was rather surprised at hearing my grandmother, who had been dooming the city to destruction, ask my father tosing, " Al round my hat I wear a green willow";—a song then much in vogne. Bat my'father was in no mood for singing. He ordered me to bed, and I started on the dark journey np stairs, and finally found myself in my accustomed bedroom. It contained no lesi than five windows, with diamond-shaped panes, each being opened with an iron bar drilled with holes, to be fittedto a peg as oooasion demanded. Our forefather?, we are told, were heavy drinkers, and in one respeot I am certain they were fond of draughts. When those windows open, it was a fight between cold in the bead and constitution, and the former generally gained the mastery. Here were tall cupboards, too, in that room, in which men isix feet high could have stood upright without fear of knocking their headland huge beam£,such ae woold make a "jerry huSdwr" of ta-d»y Mans, oossng Oevmag. Hy little bed stood near the ooor—a maffiive oak affair fitted with an iron latch, locally termed, a *• enatch''—and many a night when the moonbeams played at hideand-seek with the shadows of the ivy, I have lain and wondered what sort of people occupied that room when the duke and hi? friends quaffed sick and canary out of golden goblets. At the timeof whi^h I am wilting I was j net ^sixteen yaars of age, strong, healthy, and in nowise superstitious. To live in such a place, where at night strange noises are as plentiful as green gooseberries at Whitsuntide, takes all the ghost nonsense oat qi one. I slept and dreamed as peaeefidly as any youth in a modern ySla with a policeman of point duty at the earner of the road. The storm had tried my nerves, and in-, stead of setting sail for the harbour of Shadowland a few minutes after going on board, as was my usual custom, I lay wide awake. I heard the clock of St. Mary-in-the-Macfih strike ten,eleven, and twelve, bat there I lay staring at the ceiling, or, rather, in the direction of it, for the night was ae black as pitch, and listening tothe fretful si riling of the wind, which seemed inclined to tune np again on the slightest provocation. Now, a sleepless boy is a misery to himself. I turned this way and rolled that. I rubbed my nose until it was sore, and polled my hair until the veiy pain of the operation brought tear^into my eyes ; but Morpheus was unkind, aud stood aloof. Just as the chimes proclaimed half-past twelve, I heard a sound which certainly did not belong to the wind. It was the pattering of feet not far from my room, and the owner of these feet was singing. It was not such melody as an ordinary person would indulge in, but a weird kind of craning, with no time or tune in it, bat prolonged notes, then short gasps, and then long-drawn, mournful sobs. I had more hair on my head than I have now—a fact of which I am often reminded by an exasperating_hanApt^ser, who, with a sulphur, implores me not tobe " thin on the top." Well, I felt my youthful locks rise and flatter. Every drop of blood in my veins tingled, and then congealed. 1 was conscious that I was trying to cry oat, but I was tongue-tied, and as helpless as if chained hand end foot. Suddenly reaction set in, I leaped from my bed, threw open the door, and fainted; for there, within a few paces of me, and stalking down the corridor, ires a white figure—grim,ghastly, horrible, and distinct in relief to the jet-like darkness! I awoke, cold and shivering, and crawled bade to bed just as dawn broke. My father was an early riser, and as soon as I knew that he was about, I went to him and stated what I had seen and heard. He reasoned with me, argned with me, and rebuked me, but all in vain. '* Ton were dreaming," he said, dismissing me with an impatient sweep of his strong arm. ** Don't say any thing of this oatBide, as people will call my son a coward." . Bat it eo happened that my grandmother, who slept somewhere in " the parish," as the Loose was facetiously termed at times, joined me in the ghost-seeing line. On the following night she was roused from her righteous slumbers by light footfalls and singing. " First," explained the old lady, " I thought that somebody was singing a hymn, but as I listened I made sure that the voice belonged tosome unholy spirit, and unholy spirits are not given to singing hymns. Well, my deans, I opened the door and peeped out, anid there Stars above ! if . ever a women saw a ghost, I am that unfortunate women." My father grew perplexed, bat at the same timfl he was inclined totreat the matter in a satirical manner, " Perhaps," said he, *' the ghost dropped down one cf the chimneys daring the storm. If so, poor thing, we'mast lay a trap tocateh. r- it, bat we mast use it very neatly. I should, suggest a glass ease, where it would look well on the pajiour table." It was a dreadful thing to live in a haunted house. I begged to have my bedroom changed, and my request was granted. Grandmother burnt a light all night, laid in a Etock of texts to feightenthe reeUeas sprit away, and, strangely enough, it doparted. J But only to return. . . One night my father opened the door pf my mom, 8ttd «nndanoed himself in each a. etyleasnotto fpnapinpalyni. w^i^Mtoocmiew^S'izt^" - ' "Whereto?" laefcad, nainrally enough, as l robbed my eyes. "Over the house,"he replied. "Somebody is playing the fool here. Now, as there ware only five of ns to play the fool, the question was, who oould it be? Not my grandmother, who was fmnrtng 3s loudly as if die had not been to bed for a month; not my mother ; and as for the faithful and gentle Matilda, die was the last Creature on earth TOplay practical jokes. *' I have seen something, and I have heard something," my father said. "Was—was it all in white?" I faltered. "It might have been clothed in white, or grey, or striped," my father replied; " but it had certainly something whito on its head. Listen From the region of tbe kitchen came strange sounds. The fender, fire-irona,chairs and tables seemed to be holding carnival, for they were moving about one after the other. Then the caps, saucers, and dishes began to rattle about; and then somebody (and we could hear the words as we crept lower down), began singing : Six days I work with all my mipht To keep tbe pots and kettles bright, Bat Xwill have my Sunday. " Why—why" " Don't speak," said father, interrupting' me, in a whisper. " Follow me." Down the stairs we stole, my father shading with his hand the candle he had brought, until we reached the kitchen. And there was Matilda, in a neat print dress, cap, and apron, sound asleep, and going through a semblance of her work as cheerfully as possible. She made no mistake, no slip ; everything went off in apple-pie order—at least, apparently to her mmd—for, after giving a vacant stare round the place, she swept lightly past ns, and went straight toher own room. s- *- * i * Early the next morning my father did the wisest possible thing. He sent for a doctor, who, concluding that the circulating library had proved alittletoomnchf^orMatilda'sbrain, advised the " cold water cure." That night when Matilda was fast asleep, my mother placed on each side of the bed two bath towels steeped in water. Whether "Matilda on tins but and was affected the next day with what she was pleased iooall" the snuffles." The " cold-water core" was repeated for several nights, but it was soon dispensed with. Matilda did her work at the proper time, and we never had another ghost in the palace.— Weekly Budget. 