NEW YORK DESCRIBED BY RUDVARD KIPLING. It is not easy, remarks Mr ItudyardKiplmg, in a roccnt contribution to tho Loudon “Nows” to oseapo from a big: city, Au ontiro continent was waiting: to be traversed, und, for that reason, wo lingered in Now York till tho city, felt so homoliko that it scorned wrong to leavo it. And further, the more one Htudicd it tho more grotesquely bad it grow—bad in its paving, bad iu its streots, bad in its street police, and but for tho kindness of the tides would havo boeu worso than bad in its sanitary arrangements. No ono as vot has approached the management of Now York in a propor spirit; that is to say, re garding it as tho shiftless outcome of squalid barbarism and rooklcsB cxtrnvugnnco. No ono iu likely to do so, bccauuo rotloctions on tho LONG, XAUUOW l»in THOUGH aro construed as malovolout attacks against tho spirit and majoBty of tho great American pooplo, and load to angry comparisons. Yot, if ail the streots of London wore permanently up and all tho lamps permanently down, this would not provent tho Now York Btrcots, taken iu a lump, from being first cousins to a Zanzibar foro shoro, or kin to tho approaches of a Kullir kraal. Gullies, holes, ruts, cobblo Btoues awry, korbstoucs rising from two to Bix inehos abovo tho lovol of tho slattornly pavement; tram linos from two to throo inches abovo street lovojs; building materials scattered half aoross tho streot; lime, boards, cut stone, and ash barrels generally und gonerotialy ovorywhovo; wboolod^ traffic taking it« chanoos, drav versus brougham, at orossroada; sway-backed poles whittled and unpainted : drunken lamp-posts with twistod irons; and, lastly, &£ oenbroits scat.hh of filth and moro mixed stinks than tho winter wind oau carry away, aro matters which can bo con sidered quite apart from the u Spirit of Democracy” or *4 tho future of this great and growing country.” In any other laud they would be held to represent SLOUGllINKSS, SORDIDNKSS, AND WANT OF CAPACITY. Here it is explained, not onoe bub inauy times, that they show the . speed at which tho oity has grown und tho enviable inditfer enoo of her oitizons to matters of detail. One of thoso days, you aro told, everything will bo taken iu hand and pu„straight. Thu uu virtuous rulers of tho oity will bo swept away bya oycionoor a tornado or something big and booming, of popular indignutiou ; everybody will unanimously olect tho right men, who will justly cam tho enormous Silarioe that aro at present being paid to inadequate alions for roadswcopiug and all will be well. At the snmo timo the lawlessness ingrained by gover nors among thegovorned duringVtho last ItO 10, or it may bo 50 years ; tho [lIUUTAL LEVITY OK 1'Uni.lC CONSCIENCE, in regard to public duty ; tho toughening and suppling of publio morals, and tho reckless disregard for human Hfo, brod by impotent laws and fostered by familiarity with ueodlosH accidents and criminal neglect, will iniraoulously disappear. If tho laws ; of cause and effect that control oven the freest peoplo in tho world suy otherwise, so much tho worso for tho laws. America mukea her own. Behind her atanda tho ghost of the most bloody war of tho ooutury caused in a peacoful land by long tempo rising with lawlessness, by letting things slido, by shiftlossncss and blind disregard of all save tho material need of tho hour till tho trouble long conceived and lot alone stood uo full armed, and men said, 44 Hero is an un foreseen crisis,H and killed each other in tho name ot their God for four years. In a heathen land the three things that aro suppoeed to bo tho pillurs of moderately de cent government are regard for human life, justice, criminal and civil, aa far as it lies in man to do justice, aud good roads. In this Christian city they think lightly of tho firgt--their own papers, their own speeoh, and their own actions prove it; buy and Bell tho socond at a prico openly and with out shatno; and are, apparently, content to do without the third. Ono would almost oxpe.it tho racial senso of humor would stay them from oxpeotieg only praise— 6LAJI, LAYISII AND SLAVISH from tho stranger within their gates. But they do not. If ho holds his poaco they forgo tributes to thoir own oxcollonco which they put into his mouth, thereby treating their ; own land which they profess to honor as a quack treuta his pills. If he speaks—hut you shall see for yourselves what happens then. And thoy cannot sco that by untruth kind invootive it Is themtolvcB, and theuiBclvcs alone, that thoy injure. Tho blame of their city ovHs ib not alto gether with tho gontloraon, chiefly of foreign extraction, who control tho oity. These find a people mudo to their hands, a lawless KKADY TO WINK AT ONK EVASION OF TUB if thoy themselves may profit byanothor, and in their rare leisure hours content to smilo over tho dotails of a clover fraud. Then, says the cultured American, “ Give us timo. Givft us time aud wo Bhull arrive.” The othorwiso American, who is aggressive, straightway proceeds to thrust a picco of I'ATjF-HANOBD MUNICIPAL DOTCU-WOnK under tho nose of tho alien as a sample of per fected ofFort. There is nothing moro delight ful than to sit foraatriotly limited timo with a child who tells you what ho means to be when ho is a man; but whou that sumo child, loud- voiced, insistent, unblushltigly eager for praise, but thin skinned as tho most morbid of hobbledehoys, stands about all your ways, tolling you the same story in the same voice, you begin to yoarn for something mado and finishod— say Egypt and a completely dead mummy. It is noither seemly nor safe to hint that tho Government of tho largest city in the Stfttosis adespotism of tho alien by the alien for tho alien, tempered with occasional insurrections of the decent folk. Only tho Chinese washes tho dirty linen of other lands. i While work was going on in tho port of Venice, divora discovered a vessel lying at tho bottom of the sea. It iu considered to bo a Venetian galley, sunk in u naval buttle. It is built of the hardest wood, and is 20ft. in tho beam. Its length cannot be ascertained, as it is partly covered with a layer of sand somo 20ft. deep. It will, if possible, be raised out of the sea. There is much specula tion ns to the ago of the relic. It is thought by some to ho not Ichh than 100 yours old. 