THE L 1 W RELATING TO GHOSTS. (st. james's ^budget.) The Ptsyehozetic Society has recently, at the request of one of it; members, whose premises were infested with a noisy «rhost, taken tbe opinion of Mr. Bludgeon, Q C.,on aeeries of questions tending: to elucidate the law as it relates to ghosts. The learned counsel's opinion has been forwarded to us for publication, and we have touch pleasure in giving proTiineuce to it. Mr. Bludgeon writes as follows 1\. In answer to the first question, I am of opinion that an action for trespass will not He a^rainst a ghost; it follows that au injQoctton will not be granted. There isvome uncertainty • on the point; but I think that a ghost is not, at common Iaw< a legal person at aliT and, therefore, neithpx possessed of rights nor subject to liabilities. There is no record in the books of any such action; & fact iu itself negative testimony of no small weight. • 2. Subject to what follows, I think there is a cause of action against the executors. It has been held that a corpse is the property of ! its executors as bein^ personal property r*the opinion of Taper, V.C., that, by reason of burial, it might be said to savour of the realty being no longer low. .The maxim of law is, Jfobilior sequuntur personam—the ghoet follows the oorpse; and in jny opinion the court would restrain the executors from allowing or suffering-their ghost to trespass on the premises in question. In this cata, however, the difficulty of discovering and serving the personal representatives would be almost 'inanpotable, the ghost having been dead 500 years. 3\. Tes: If ^he-ghost sets up an adverse title, an action would lie on the covenant for quiet enjoyment; but I must add that in my opinion there is evidence, and tolerably clear evidence, that in this case Mr. Squirms took with notsc of the encumbrance, and, bavin? obtained his lease at a lower rent in consideration of it, would be held iu equity to bo estopped from any such proceeding. 4\. If Mr. Squirms is right in his conjecture— aud a surveyor .of respectability should be at once employed to ascertain whether he is or not —that the body of the ghost is buried on the premises, different considerations arise. As above stated, a body is the property of the executors; but .this rule is subject'to the wider principle* Quicquid planfatto' solo, nob ccdi(: and in my opinion the ghost, by being planted or buried on the ?and« lapsed to tha freeholder and * became put of the inheritance. Tbe freeholder must be taken to have known of its presence; and I think, although not without doubt, that on-the true construction of Mr. Squirms's lease, the body passed to him under the general words, and must be regarded, for tbe purposes of this case, as his owa. If I am correct in this, Mr. Squirms is the author of his own wrong, and has' the remedy in his own hand*. 5\. No. A ghost cannotreqnire tbe owner of the premises on which his body is, to bury it at the expense of the ownei. In my opinion a ghost has no rights as 6uch. It is not my duty to express an opinion on what tbe-lbw ought to be. bat merely to state what, in tny opinion, it is. 6\. If a spiritualist or other person, against the will of the executors-or other the owners of # ghost, jruses it, and induces it to leave its owner and enter his service, I think an action would lie (Lumley v. Gye,. E. and B., 216-239). 7; A man ha?no right, in order to indulge his ownjtaste, to introduce any ghost he may possess into his aunt*e house, thereby destroying the amenity of her rceidence. Sic utere tuo ut alienum non laedee. A licence for any such purpose is revocable, unless giveo for valuable consideration. 8\. No. There is no- such easement known to the law. Accustom-would require strict proof. 9\. 'A ghost, instructed to haunt any person on account of his employer, cannot without permission $xsplpy another- to fulfil his duties. Delegatus non potest delegate. 10\. The suspicion of an authentic ghost being on the premises does not warrant the oEnoere of the Society .iu entering or remain^g on the premises, nor in demanding refreshments while engaged therern. If the interests of science demand such powers, recourse must be had to tbe Legislature. It is impossible for me to express any optuikn aa to &e; rasuH of aooh an •wpEa&m.;^ ••.. — v. : 1L The Public Heattfc Act, in my opinion, gives the sanityry authority no jurisd&fttfm; over gbotts.4 ''^fai ^ IX If. QEpUnatipn of the gbostfacrisa^andgttMiaBbecorroct, the Court of thfi Ordinary wou}d«eeox the proper tribunaL 1 recommend that the opinion of counsel •learned in erdpinnst point. ipal law.be taken on this &AKZ7EZ.; ScUDGEOtf. ' 