VICTORIAS MEMS. Extra postage rates will not come Into force until an Act of Parliament has been passed. \- Nearly all the suburban towns of Melbourne have protested against tho increased railway tares. Among the deaths recorded in Melbourne last month was that of a woman 101 years oi age. There is much comment in London financial circles regarding the sudden departure of Sir M. H. D ivies for Australia. Butter bonus likely to be reduced to per lb. for next season, and then discontinued. There is no necessity for it this season. The Melbourne Argue thinks that Vctoiia has passed the crisis ot her depression ; whereas the Age says that the trouble is only beginning. The first three weeks of the current financial year shows a falling off of over £24,570 io the railway receipts as compared with last year. The Board of Health has decided not to prosecute Dr. MscPhereon, ot the Oioya, in connection with the recent introduction of email pox. The Melbourne Ohamber of Commerce has passed a resolution expressing the opinion that the time has arrived for the connection of the capitals of Australia by telephone. The Goverament have received a letter, in which the writer natively suggests that all the sexagenarian prisoners n<jw in gaol should be discharged, on the grounds of economy. Manufacturers state that the tariff proposals contain several mistakes and inconsistencies which will require correction, as at present they are opposed to the policy of protection. Mr. James Munro must return to Melbonrne In one wav, if not in his own way. A writ for £37,5C0 has been issued against the Victorian Agent- General in connection with tbe Real Estate Bank. The Victorian brewers complain of hard times, and the Melbourne Age ironically observes that "a depression which allows of only 25 per cent, dividends is, indeed, a touching spectacle J" It is stated that BO many houses are unoccupied in Melbourne that in some cases landlords make the offer that if a lease for two or three years be taken, they will allow the first six months rent free. The Melbourne Hospital in debt to the extent of over £22 000. Mr. F. R. Godfrey warmly condemned the illlberality of the City Council, who had never given a penny towards the maintenance of the institution. Melbourne Herald is still continuing to fight the battle of Mr. Speight, the retired Commissioner. The evening'j rarnal refers to the " egregiouB blunders " and stupid mis- 11 representations " of its morning contemporaries. It is stated that Feveral Victorian M'd.P. are objecting to the proposed reduction of £15 In their princely "screws," and representations have been made to the Ministry to excise this item from the programme of retrenchment. Truly a* weighty document. The total weight of the 800 copies of tbe Charities Commission report issued from the Government Printing Office was tons, and tbe coBt of printing it £1650. Waste paper. is worth about £4 per ton. The Melbourne Argus thinks Sir George Dlbbs committed a blunder in starting the notion that Australia was willing to sacrifice tbe New Hebrides for the sentimental pleasure of knowing that French transportation to the Pacific had ceased. Yielding up its treasures. During the fire three months of this year 142,290cz. of gold 1 were raised in the colonv, and in the opcood quartet tbe yield totalled 157,45Irz Ball&rat; gave 96,639oz., and Bendigo 88.505 z. Tbe yield for the eix mouths was 18,315' z, in excess of that of the first half of last year. The Minister of Public Instruction hss discovered that of 11 scholars attending the State pchool at Gunbawer Island eight reside ou the New Ssuth Wales side of the Mumv. The teacher receives a salary of £110. The Minister has issued instructions to close the echool. In connection with the reduction in the amount of the prospecting vote, the Minister of Mines has decided to work tho diamond drills with a shift less to meet the decrease. This will necessitate tbe dismissal of a number of hand?. The Minister has decided that the unmarried men shall be dispensed with. Mt. Frauk Wilkins, a native of Victoria, who passed on to Sandhurst at tbe top of nil the successful candidates, has bean appointed to a eub-lieutenancy in the Suffolk regiment, which is stationed at Colchester. The Soff.iik regiment (says a London correspondent) was formerly known as the 12th, and served, in Australia. A peonliar death occurred at Toollenn on 29 h alt. A farmer, named John Lampcrd, when ploughing, had an epileptic oeiznre, aid fell face downwards iu a few inches of water lying in a furrow aud waG scffi-cated. At i he magisterial inquiry a record was made in accordance with this evidence of Dr. Taaffc. who made the post mortem. Those who think that the era of palst'^ private residence fcuiVliDg ia past in ir-'i- < bourne should see the gorgeous palace-5i!re buUdirg—better than Government HGUKP— ubw ercctiDg at Caulfield, opposite to the con- vent. It does one'* eyesight good to see the £70,000 residence of Mr. J. M. Davlef, which is worth a visit for that pucpo-e alone. At nn irquast on the body of a patient in the Kew Lunatic Asylum medical evidence was given that deceased suffared from erysipelas, and that there were a good many cases of erysipelas in the institution. Another startling statement was that tbe asjlum was in an over-crowded state, and that bathrooms and closets had been fitted up as sleeping apartments. A Danedin (N.Z ) paper of July 14 says :— "Archbishop Hal wood is the possessor of a valuable violio, and on Friday he had a visit from M. Mmiu (whose concert company will shortly appear in Sydney). M. Mnsiu considers tbe instrument to he a veritable * Strad.,' and he values it at £1000. If played on a little more, be considers that it would be simply perfect." Mr. Gibbs, the secretary of the Metropolitan Board of Works, has received a cable message from Mr. Fitz Gibbon, who is now in London ndeavoring to float the £2,000,000 loan, asking for particulars concerning assessment?. In the face of this request, it seem* unlikely that the loan will be plaoed on the market before September next, as stated in a previous message from the chairman. The namber of prisoners in Victorian gaols at the end of 1891 waB 1792—1458 males and 334 females. Compared with the estimated population of the colony on that date, v.'z, 1,157.804 (606,918 males and 550,886 females), the figures show the proportion of male and female prisoners respectively to each thousand of the population to be—Males, 2 40 ; females, 0 60 ; males and females, 1.55. The rabbit- preserving works at Hamilton are to be closed because the Acting Railway Commissioners will not reduce the freight charges on the carcases. The company employs 300 trappers and 70 hands at the factory, the weekly day-sheet showing between £600 and £700. The action of tbe Commissioners in tbe matter is described as " paltry, narrow, and contrary to the public interests." A warrant has been issued for the arrest of Sydney Dixon, a clerk in the employ of Braham and Piraui, Melbourne, who is charged with embezzling £164, the moneys of bis empl jyers. He has been absent cn sick leave. Last week some discrepancies were discovered in his accounts. D'xon has not been seen at his lodgings sines Saturday. It is believed that the amount of the discrepancies is considerable. The Spectator aays :—" A very curious specimen has been shown to us by Mr. Bspg, ot the Hamilton Academy. This is a petrified apple, found on tbe beach near Adelaide by Mr. Butler, B.A., in 1890, and presented by him to Mr. B*gg, who has added it to his collection of curies. The apple, which is perfectly hard and of a black color, is supposed to have dropped overboard from some vessel, and became petrified by the action of the water." Mr. Samuel P. Samuel, M L A. for Dundas, senior partner iu the firm of Samuel and Horwitz, solicitors, at Hamilton, was found dead io hta bedroom at the Grand Hotel, Melbourne, shortly before noon on 28 h al'. He was seen going to his ?oom, and, not appearing later, an employe knocked at the door, but not receiving a reply the door was forced open, and Mr. Samuel was found lying on the bed. He had l-esn dead some time. He had been in ill health lately. The intercolonial rifle match takes place in Sydney en Monday, ihe 24'.h October. In order to secure the best team for Victoiia, eight practices have been, arranged—four preliminary and four final. The 40 highest scoters in the country districts, and the 25 highest in Melbourne will compete in the final. In addition, anyone making an aggregate ot 330 point* in his three highest preliminary practices will also be entitled to compete in the final. An Oder in C mncil was passed recently requiring the head teaohpra of Sta-e schools having an a'tendance of 250 scholars to devote 15 bcurs a week in giving instruction to the scholars of the school. Of late years it has become the practice for the head teachers of large schools to devote nearly all their time to looking after the organisation and supervision. The scholars were thus deprived in a great measure of their knowledge and experience as teachers. Two young men, one a railway porter named Samuel Worsley, and tbe other an employe at the railway pumping engine, John Pearson, went out wallahy shooting to South Warregul, and while looking about in the scrub they separated, and Pearson seeing a dark object about 30 yards from him in the scrub which be thought was the body of a wallaby moving, fired at it. The otj;ct proved to be bis friend, and the contents of a charge of No. 1 shot went into the head, face, and chest of Worsley. No serious results are expected. A unique case of self-abnegation was reported at the meeting of tbe Creswlck branch A.M.A. on Saturday night. Amongst lbe miners who were put off frcm a mine shortening hands was one miner with a large fanr'y !;j j dependent upon him. A young unmarried man who was retained noticing this voluntarily exchanged with the married man,sayiag :ie conld lit-Uer ofFor-i to linn!; for work than th* msa with the family c^ulcl. Need ths Courier) ihac the spirited yotiug fellow has th>5 goodwill of every man vrLo known the circuont&ncci.; Alice Holmes some days ago was Been by the warder on duty at the gaol to be hovering suspiciously near two painters, who, while serving a sentence in tbe Melbourne Gaol, were engaged in the decorative art on the iron gateB. O i being watched, she was observed to throw two figs of tobacco—one to each of the men, and then hurried away. At the City Court next day she was charged with attempting to communicate with prisoners confined tn Her MsjsBty's Gaol. It came out in evidence that the girl had been ill since her arrest, and the Bench discharged her. The value of Victorian brown coal having been proved by the experiments which were made iu Germany by Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery, a company is being formed to purchase a plant capable of manufacturing into commercial shape about 100 to 120 tons of the raw material per diem. It is claimed ior brown coal briquettes that in heating quality they are equal to A.A. coal; that for household purposes they form an ideal fuel, being clean, free fram dust, and easily handled ; whilst for locomotive purposes they contain the necessary heating power for good end i ffective steaming, burning with a bright heat. Cockspur iB regarded by many farmers as a noxious weed possessing no value whatever; but such is not the opinion of Mr. Thomson of Strathmertou. He says the weed is readily eaten by cattle, and as a feed for dairy cattle it is of especial value, a* it impaTts a peculiarly rich flavor to the butter. The weed is very bitter, but tbe cattle seem to enjoy it both in its green state and when dry. Mixed with hay and chaffed it makes a splendid fodder lor calves. An infusion of this chaff is readily drunk by these animals, and it is supplied to them by a good many dairy owners when milk is scarce. In addition to drinking tbe 1 quor the calves also eat the chaff which has been infused. The Eshuca town clerk, Mr. Pascoe, has retired from that position on condition that he wa9 to receive a retiring allowance equal to £655, the Borough Council having agreed at a recent meeting to allow tbe gratuity in recognition ot long service. The decision herein has caused some antagonism among the ratepayers. A petition has been signed calling on the council to hold its hand as far as the proposed payment is concerned till a poll of ratepayers is taken on the question. Some time since tbe council voted Mr. Pascoe the sum of £300 in recognition of his service, and tbe ratepayers now contend that this should be deducted from tbe proposed honorarium. The Rev. W. H. Fitchett, in speaking oi tbe unemployed difficulty, says :—" Tbe distress leaves almost unlessened the general volume of expenditure on amusements and luxuries. Victoria, for example, spends over £6,000,000 per annum on intoxicating drinks. It has poured down its own throat, that is, during the last twelve months of 'depression,' nearly three times the sum of its lateBt loan, with no other reBnlt than a heightened crime-rate, and a swollen army of widows and orphans ! The colonies could make themselves independent of 'loans' altogether by the process— which does not seem an unattainable strain ot heroism—of sacrificing every second nobbier of brandy at present consumed." The vagaries of tho stupid individual who has for some nights past caused much annoyance in the neighborhood of Ballarat North by suddenly appearing robed in white before unsuspecting pedestrians, are now assuming a serious aspect. Oa Sunday night as a number of young ladies were proceeding homeward from church, they were pounced upon by the supposed ghost, whose bauds and a portion of his face are phosphorised. The apparition (wys the Star), as might be im iginid, greatly frightened the young ladies, one of whom swooned, and it was only with great difficulty that her companions restored her to consciousness. She was subsequently taken home, and all day on Monday she was aufferit g considerably from the effects ot tbe unpleasant experience of the previous evening. With regard to the surplus remaining frcm tbe amount collected for the relief of those who suffered from tbe floods last year, some practical suggestions have been made, but of these the one that finds the most support at Richmond appears to be that made by Professor Keraot in a recent letter to the Arqus, and Mr. Croker has tabled a motion for the consideration of the Richmond Relief Committee to the < ff- ct that it be adopted and steps taken to inflaence the central committee to expend the amount as the professor suggested, ie, in widening the Yarra from Prince's Bridge up- wards. THIB course would give work to a large number of men, would render the river more pleasurably navigable for pleasure boats, &s;, and assist materially in lessening the chances of an inundation in the case of future floods. Fjr some time past petty robberies have been committed in the neighborhood of Droain South, the homes of selectors being entered during their absence. A few days since a selector at Drouiu South reported that bis house had been broken into and a number cf articles stolen, amongst them being two bundleB of wallaby and opossum skins. A man named Jf»bn Williams, who has frequently teen c^nvicted of larceny, has been fcuspfcted, havir.p been working ia the district of lats. While in the aci of disposing of some wallaby and opoEsum skins to a Droain storekeeper, Constable Weliwood laid bands on him. As he gave a very UBBiilislEctory account of bow ht became possessed of the ek;r;p, he was tafo-c to the lock-up, and when searched parts of the proceeds of other robberies committed in the district were found on him, The industrial transformation—the conversion of the accessories of the pomp and circumstance of war into means for prosecuting the peaceful callirg of the agriculturist—as notified in the following paragraph, reads as though, in the latter days, the prophecy ot Isaiah was receiving its fulfilment. A Werribee correspondent writes to a city contemporary •_« The annual banquet to the tenants oi the Werribee Park Estate was given by the proprietors (Messra- Ohiraside) in the Mechanics' Institute on Friday night. Mr. George Chirnside presided, and in the course of a speech said that on the Werribee Park Estate they were preparad to let some thousands of acres in farms of 80 to 400 acres, and would give every encouragement to tenants. As they had received no encouragement, and little recognition from headquarters iu connection with the half battery of horse artillery established, and supported for four years, be thought it advisable to throw up the battery and convert the orderly rooms into a creamery. This information was received with great applause/' Constable John Foley last week had a startling experience in Melbourne. Ia the execution of his duty, he was examining the doors and windows of business premises opening out of numerous rights-of-way, off Little Latrobestreet, one of the worst parts of Melbourne. In a little dark alley situated behind the premises of Mr. B. W. Lucas, printer and law stationer, he found a handcart, which was generally put on one side of the right-of-way, standing in the centre. OJ making an ex- amination, he found two men at the end of tbe alley at the rear entrance to Mr. Lucas's premises, but could not see what they weie doing. He asked what their business was, and one of them gave an unsatisfactory answer. Foley put his hand into his pocket to get a match, when one of them fired, and a bullet crashed through Foley's helmet, and stratcbed the right side of his face. The men ran eff, and Foley after them, wheu aeecond shotwaB fired. A youth who had been attracted by the firing joined in the chase, but the men escaped. Constable Foley afterwards found a brace and bit, and discovered that about a dczm holes had been bored in a door at the back of the building in question. The basis of the absentee tax which the Government intends to propose is as follows :— That such tax be calculated at the rate of five per cant, per annum on all income moneys to which the absentee is entitled arising, accruing, or derived from land, whether freehold,,leasehold, or held under license, or from stock deposited,bred,or kept on land in Victoria, or the increase, or from wool, hides, or carcases of such stock, or from any crop grown upon or won from land in Victoria, and whether such income moneys shall have arisen, accrued, ~or been derived altogether from soma such land, stock, crop, mine, mineral, or partly from one and partly from some other such source. Provided always that such tax shall not be charged upon or be payable in respect of income moneys arising, accruing, or derived from moneys lent upon and secured by mortgage over any such land, stock, crop, mice, mineral, or from moneys invested in any manufacturing business carried on iu Victoria, or from dividends in any public mining company duly incorporated and registered as such in Victoria, and having, its head rffice in Victoria. For the purposes of such tax," absentee" shall mean a person absent from, or not permanently resident iD, Victoria at the date up to which che unpaid absentee income tax shall be calculated, and who has himself, whilst so entitled, ot has, together with a person or persons immediately preceding him as tbe person or persons entitled to such ircome moneys, been absent from, or not permanently resident in, Victoria for a period of two" consecutive years immediately preceding such a date. 