COMPLIMENTARY CONCERT TO MR. OTTO LINDEN. As Mr. Otto Linden was financially a loser by his very laudable exertions which resulted in Melbourne not being behind the times in celebrating the Mozart Centenary last year, it was only right that some effort should be mdle to refund him, and with this purpose in view a benefit concert was tendered to him in the Athenæum-hall yesterday evening. A proof of this gentleman's popularity in musical circles was afforded by the offers of assistance being so numerous that the diffi- culty was to compress the programme within reasonable bounds, and it must be admitted that this feat was scarcely accomplished. The first part was devoted to Gade's cantata for soprano, con- tralto, and baritone soli, orchestra, and chorus, "The Erl Kings Daughter." As this work has been heard before in Mel- bourne, under Mr. Linden's direction, some few years ago, it is unnecessary now to enter into particulars concerning it as a composi- tion. It is its composer's op. 30, and like most of his writings has about it the flavour of the Scandinavian folk song. Last night the soloists were Miss Lalla Miranda, Miss Ada Crossley, and Herr Adolf Friedman. The chorus was that of the Choral Harmonic Society, and in lieu of an orchestra, a piano- forte accompaniment was ably supplied by Mr. E. H. Bromby, the baton being wielded by Mr. Linden. The performance may be recorded as a satisfactory one, at least so far as was possible without an orchestra. Miss Miranda did justice to the music that falls to the share of the Erl Kings daughter, as did also Miss Ada Crossley to that of the mother, whilst the part of Sir Olaf found an adequate exponent in Herr Adolf Friedman, who may, however, be advised to curb the inclination to indulge inordinately in the tremolo vice. The choruses had evidently been diligently rehearsed, and the rendering of them was above reproach. Part 2 opened with a lec- turette delivered by Professor Marshall Hall. This was followed by two movements- Adagio cantabile in A major, and Finale, presto-from Haydn's Quartet in D major, op. 64, No 1 (not No. 5, as stated on the pro- gramme). The playing of the deliciously melodious adagio by Messrs. Geo. Weston, G. A. Sutch, R. Bima, and Theo. Liebe left but little, if any, room for improvement, but the same cannot be said about the short moto continuo which forms the spirited finale. With vocalists Mr. Linden was inundated, as will be seen when it is men- tioned that songs were contributed- in each case with the customary ability-by Madame Anna Stemhauer, Miss Lalla Miranda, Miss Ada Crossley, Miss Katharine Hardy, Herr Rudolf Himmer, Herr Ernst Hartung, Mr. A. H. Gee, and Herr Adolf Friedman. In addition to this there was a violoncello solo, "Reverie" (Dunkler), tastefully played by Mr. Theo Liebe, a zither solo on " La Traviata " adroitly manipulated by Herr Joseph Pfleger, also a part song, " The Bush Aboon Troquair (Scotch), and a madrigal, "Matona, Lovely Maiden ' (Orlando Lassus, 1520-1594), the latter being particularly well rendered by the Choral Harmonic Society choir. The accompaniments in Part 2 were judiciously played by Mr. Otto Linden. PROFESSOR MARSHAL'LS HALL'S ADDRESS The following address was delivered by Professor Marshall Hall during the con cert :— Travelling last week from Bendigo to Mel- bourne, my eye was caught by a newspaper which had been left on the opposite seat of my carriage. In large type was printed, as the heading of a paragraph, "Men, be Manly !" Curious to learn what new Saul was among the prophets I read further, but found only some long winded lucubration. Alas ! the opinion of many to the contrary, man is not to be made manly by lucubra tions. What, then, is a manly man ? Surely one of sufficient wit to understand his work, whatever it maybe, of sufficient courage to carry it through truly and honestly, whether he lose or gain thereby : and of sufficient self respect to honour his own work, and the work of others. Whatever be a man's profession, whether he be artist, scientist, philosopher, priest, mechanic tradesman, or what not, if he apply himself to it with understanding, honesty, and self respect, he is worthy to stand beside any and all of his fellows. He is a man and will be honoured as such by all right thinking men. Whoever knows something and does what he knows, has a certain individuality, character. He is the expression of an eternal idea and as such especially interesting to the artist who is exclusively occupied with the knowledge and exposition of the ideas, or, in the case of the musician, with that original thing-in-itself of which the ideas are but shadows, as Plato has so admirably shown. But if the manly man not only knows what he knows, but knows also what he does not know, which is no less important, he finds his opposite in the mobsman, who not only knows nothing, and does not know that he knows nothing, but actually thinks that he knows everything, and at all times and in all places obtrudes himself on those who have no desire to make his acquaintance. Even as those qualities by which we have defined the term manly are almost invariably found altogether or not at all, so in the mobs- man not one but a whole series of negative qualities exist. To the mob belong those who live on the work of others, giving nothing in exchange ; those who do not trouble to master thoroughly the work they have to do ; those who work dishonestly, whether from laziness or for gain ; those who without compulsion undertake work they cannot respect ; those who have no respect for the work of others ; those who will work anyhow and at anything, and pay others to do the same, so long as it serves their pur- pose. All classes of society from highest to lowest, contribute their share towards filling the ranks of the mob-all professions, all trades. Nay, recruits for this noisome human disease are to be found even, perhaps espe- cially, among scientists, philosophers, artists, priests. We have seen various metal-ages, and I think the present time might, with little in- justice and much significance, be called the mob-age. Seldom or never have there been so many people in the world knowing nothing thoroughly. When was there ever so much dishonest, untrue work produced, from the making of a boot to the creating of a pseudo- art-work? Self-respect, and therewith re- spect for others, seems to have died out in, must I say, the majority of men. These facts are in no way rendered less sad for that their cause is almost entirely to be found in the faultiness of our social arrangement, or lack of arrangement. It seems to me that it is the first duty of every thinking man to point them out, with whatsoever unpleasantness or inconvenience to himself. We are con- cerned to-night with the manner in which they affect art and artists. Before this miserable mob, for whom pity must mingle with contempt, obtained the temporary upper hand of the world, men generally and artists in especial, were reverenced, not for what they could chatter and lie, but for what they could do. Religion had not been turned into a trade, and the artist was the prophet, the priest of the people, through his art revealing to all mankind the universe as it lay revealed to him in his feel- ings. For the dilettante, the connoisseur, the pseudo-art-critic had not yet been in- vented. Each man knew his own business, and even as he would have resented any interference therewith on the part of the artist, so he took it for granted that it was possible that the artist might also know his, and had too much self-respect to thrust on him impertinent ignorance. So the artist, when matters of business were in hand, applied to the business- man for help and the business-man was happy to learn of the artist regarding art. But then came the mob, knowing, under- standing, effecting, reverencing nothing ; requiring of everyone, also the philosopher, the artist, the priest, to sate with garbage its monstrous appetite ; the mob, with its Friths, its Sullivans, its afternoon-tea-school- girl-reformers, its preachers of morals tack- ing their miserable copy-book maxims on to our Shakspeares, our Sophocles, in the form of appendices-surely only those lacking morals would trouble to go moral-hunting. With this mob and its flatterers what is to be done ? It is no use talking to the purpose to them-they have ears, but they cannot hear ; eyes have they, and see not. They are impossible. They are only to be cured by the whip of the stern task-master Necessity. Already he looms in the distance ; listen ! the crack of his knotted thong is to be heard ! Meanwhile, the true artist goes calmly and steadily on his way, his eyes fixed on his goal, Truth, rave and howl they around him as they may, poor ghosts. Recent instances of mob-impertinence are the letters which appeared in The Argus con- cerning the fine work of Mr. Waterhouse, wisely purchased by the trustees of the National Gallery, and which is one of the few pictures therein, true and refined in con- ception, which is not a mob-picture. Now, the vulgarity of these letters did not lie in the fact that their writers were ignorant of art. Art is a life-long study, requiring such power of concentration, labour, self- restraint, and perseverance, in addition to natural gifts, as few possess. Through art the feelings of the greatest among mortal men attain permanence, and are handed down to posterity. The more elevated the feelings, the more complex (though seemingly, but only seemingly, simple) the art by which they are rendered transmittable. For these reasons few people can hope to at- tain any very deep knowledge of the language of art, unless it is made a matter of education from child- hood. The vulgarity of the letters, then, consisted in this, that the writers lacked true self-respect - and therefore respect for others, in that they publicly expressed their own uneducated, ignorant, absurd opinions about a work which was the result of another man's life-long study. A manly man would have expressed him- self something after this wise -" I am a business man ; I understand business, but I do not understand art, in which, neverthe- less, I feel a profound interest. I am so mentally blind that this new picture of Mr. Waterhouse's, instead of affording me the enjoyment which you artists seem to obtain from it, actually appears to me uninterest- ing and even absurd. Will one of you give me some help, and direct me as to how I should look at the picture, and as to what in it is admirable ? I may then be even able to learn to understand the truth which its author intended to convey." This were the letter of an honest man. With such a man one could speak ! An artist, with a turn for philosophising might answer him something after this fashion. What sounds are to the musician and concepts to the poet, that light is to the painter. It is entirely through the mani- fold gradations and qualities of light that a painter expresses himself. Now, most people, the nerves of whose eyes are less impressionable to light when they look at a picture expect it to tell them a story of some kind, as though it were a novel or a poem. But a painter, as a painter, chooses his subject for the qualities of light it reveals, which awaken in him through the eye the same deep feelings as a story truly told arouses in the literary man, or a melody in the musician. Colour and that contrast of shade which is called line are but qualities and gradations of light, and form his material. Thus the painter would more rightly be called the poet of light, even as a musician the tone-poet ; unfortunately for him people are not taught to feel the meaning of shades of colour, and of line, and of form, as they are of words ; nor do they naturally express their feelings through these qualities of light, as they do through sound in speaking. Therefore that which arouses in a painter the most lofty ideas, and the most deep feelings has but too often no effect on the uneducated eye. The remedy for this lies in teaching children from their infancy to use all their faculties instead of one or two. It will be seen from this explanation that the meanest subject, it truly felt by the artist, might be glorified by its treatment, that is to say, by the glories of light it reveals, into a lofty poem, and might remain an eternal emblem of truth ; whereas the most grand subject from a literary point of view, if the paint be not true and noble, will be degraded into a worthless lie. There are falsehoods of colour and of line, as well as of fact. Let each man speak only on what he knows, and on what he knows not let him keep silence and seek instruction from others competent to give it ; only then will he respect, and be worthy of respect. Then shall every man have his due, and the good and beautiful be reverenced under whatso- ever form they reveal themselves. Every man to his trade, honestly and proudly. This is the only patent by which men become manly. 