MELItOUHN'K .KING NOTES. Tlio Week's- Uoxing . AX TAL FIiOOH'S HitXlVAttD CDIt ' KAN'S OYMNASIUM. ? Coming Events at tho ? M.A.C. and F.lsc Tvhere— Goncral Gossip. (Br ' Self-I)ei'E.sce.') ' Tbo pugilistic ball luia boon kept rolling marrlly during tho paot'wook, the providers for tho pntrons of tho popular sport beliiB W. B.Cufrau nuil Yal Flood, at their rospootlve halls, nhcro Homo Hrnt-ruto contonta liaro been brought off to the entire satisfaction of all concerned. Tho result of 501110 of tho contests proves that we have some real grit in somo ot thq-joungstoH who ore making tuelr tlobut. ; CuiiKjm's Gtjr.iASiDir. On Thursday cvoniiiL- tbo ahovo hall nas, as is usually tbo ciise, very well attmided, anionir thoso presoutticiiiginiiuyorouruioutiirouiiilontapDrtH. A capitnl programme of boiliiK wu provMed by tho proprietor, Mr. W. 1). Oiirran, tho prinolpal Item of which was to ho an eight round contest liotwecu Ted O'Neil, a troU.kirawn llBht-weisrht: boxor. and a la.l uiunod Stuart, a recent arrival from Mydnor. At tho last moinoiit, howovur, O'Neil failed to put iu nu anpuaranmO and sent wold that bo was not in condition fora fight, and would not fool initi. fled in ontoi-iug the ring, as be couKl neither do justk'O to liimscll or tho spectators. Freil \ViiiU«bank, who was handy, readily consulted to Hiipply O'Nell's phce and moot Stuart, thou8li ho was conccdiu' the lattor a lot of weight. Pro. coctlitiKS opened with a tlrst-clnss four rounds exhibition l.ctwocn ^C'Clowuu !ind Hunt Luwii), In which both lulls showod greatly iinprovoil form. Iu thn conchiiliuK roimil thjy went for caoh othur right morriiy, aud if there w»s any ad»autngo on either siilo it \rim in favor of M'Oovmn. Then ciimo 11 sit romnl fODto.it, oils to win, betwoon Sim- ray and M'Alpino. This wai a nort of 'trial go' lor tlio former Ind, about whom veryllttlo ni kunwu as far as his flstiu abilities were cwncernoil. He had 11 very tough opponent in ar'Alpbic— IriBh iliisfc us Ills eoufrercj cull hiui-is a stubborn fighter and scarcely knows when he In beateu. Ho certainly is not liiuoli 113 a scientific toior, but I should Imagino liitu to l.o a regular demon in a rough and tumble. Kurru^v, who njjowird to lie 11 Imlf.caato, wjh scnonclod bv 1'rrM rrcitini, and iU'AJplne by ,Ilra Bogen. Sir. W. II; Yirt-oo wm roferee, with Jresjrs. J. l.wk mid It. Itainoa as tiinekyifptti- mid ton secom!* uheck, ltound 1.— lioth lsda started up as if their T'err existence ilepoudnl ou the issue and e-u-ii-od in a red-hot roily which emled in Jilio!; V.lng hcnvily lloorod with a ris;ht on tho jurr. He did 110c take tbo full time, but cauio un ? stiur-'eriurr. lVhcither this w»s '? sham ' or no is «-niy kuown ti- bim-(!U. anyway he met Murray's ru»li r/ith grunt ]-romptitiule, anil atti'r a few I/risk; -.-ichanso3 dodged aoouta gootl deal until eatchiaic Murruv off bia guard ho dropiwl tha rifllt heavily O!i the j:iw, just too light. The. blow duzeil JKuriuy just ltound 2.— 'L'iiis round also utarrcd v;ith two. banded slm.-niii-. aiurrnr huvinir dccidcclly thcooJt of the cxohaugcj. iliek now chunged his tu^te, and went in for 11 littln sprinting, but so tliu ?? trick ?' was not su.1itiBiitly lariw, ho ' turned short rmiiul aud istopiicd Hurray's left— with his nosy, iitj sent iii a ruiiirn'oit thu bellows, and coii 1-»(1 two more on tlie face, whim lie raiuciied. On l.reakiusuwu.vlio viwlwil to elosa noitvww, itnd it wjji rt'iiulur .jive uud take bmiuoEs umil tlioy v.-nre souftotlii-irTOruors. ; . Koanil a.— aiick stnrteil ipilli a ffood right on tlie ribs, and ihou clinched fovurnl ttna-a to avoid Jlurraf'aoUucfc, and cansod much uuiiBiiuieni; uy hiy pantomimic displays. Onoiifi of tliese ecr:;. ttiona hocau^ht a buuu'.il'ul left on tho ninuth aud a right on the tar, v.hiuli sent him reellag across the rliiit. with llurruy after him. At tltU staita tlie refcret! itoppud tlio contest for 11 few Hecomts id tli-: purpose of having H'Alpum's tights, which had lieeomo ilisarrnugeJ, adjusts'1..- Beroro this w.-.ii quit j com;)lcti.'d eoruii.- sauuatd. Iiound *— arurray nt'ouue went to wort, hut Jliel stirted round tiio rini;, and for soiuo Eecbnd.4 b-tat evaiitliuc. Xli^ wiuri, !it.-.vever, yavo out -iud In w.t!» ?.-.mj-lit br Murray . who drovj both binds hav.l on tlm luJy, iliek L-ottlilir homo on tlld .'ic« Mici! a-.'iiiu startc'l bis ''? old time' tricks, tmil «caiie;l wvcnil well meant blown, ire. however iimuiH-od to wend iu a stinger mi th.- ear, utter which JUurray uutod it out iu line style durnii- the rcumlu'iw ot the i-.iiud. llouu.l I :md Latt.— Jtoth men went to ilglit'in real ciiraest, uud iu lUv rally which orentiiuaeil Jlae .was staiwcrcd with a right on tho 'aw, ajid another of tie sam» sort sent him helplessly on tho rw|teffi ; wiic-reillurr.iy was just about to ««i«h iiitn, whua tlie referee judL-Iously stopped the «oate3t, and awarded tho lltrht to Murrny. A goodly Khowcr rewarded the lads' endeavors. , After an intcr.-al of to;i minutes Stuart enterwl t the rinsr attended by Jodk Jt'Gowuu, being blosolr followed by Wiudtibauk, who had Oliarloy TuvloV us ndvisur-iiLcliiel. Tin; same gentlemen who oJilcinto.i in tie previous uoutebt. Illli-d niniilai po.-itions in tho. ouo under notice. As this ,» Stuart's first uppoAramMi iu tliojkleliivuruu rinjr, n good .lenl of curiosity wua expa-ssi-d us to how lie would slniiio, particularly aa hu had toliins aomn very flattering biles of himself. He did not leave us long ia douVt before be hIiuwciI that he is botii a qumii unit .cmmu iiicier, out 1.111:11 iz must ue Naiu thu tlio was 1106 meutiny Wiude'uauk on eniuil terms. Tlie contest did uo't last quite two rounds. Subjoined aretho details : Bound 1.— Stuart started with, tlirco l.-rt jabs, nnd Hout thu right for the jaw, but :nia»ed ? .lie then hooked Witidubnub in tlie ribs, und tl« lnttor itlipnrciit him prettilv on tliu chin. Ashortmllv followftit, cmliuir ill both coiufuu' dvwu, each tul:iiii tho fall lOsce. Hciiiuiins liostilitiuu, Stuart mm thu left 011 tho mark, and showiid good iitad -wor'c in avoiUiii; the return. Another short rally ended in Wiudu'jank buiinr N-ut to the hoards witb a ri'-li5 hick-liandcr; he ai-slu toot the full ti:u». He v!:i« iio'Kooncroiihls feet tliau Stuart agam went for him iiu'l loreod him all over the ring, Win.Mnnk cal'luil'.' '' ' 'b' liound 2 and last.— Stuart, us soon u« lie loft his corner, (bulled lor l.ii Oliiioiiruf, hut t!i- h-tter ujos-cl to avoid I'lmiUiuieiit. TJi-fe was, liou- avor no rest for tho local lad. who was quickly sent do-in with a lilt ho:ik ou tin- jnw-iiiotba- ten u.jeoiida. Jits cime up iniwc-H', but only ro he uiniiii droppud. SeeiuirLlut Wiutlebaiik hadn't u ghost ofushow, Mr.-Viraioe wisely stopped the contest, iliwlariuif Stuurt tbe winner. Iu justies tn the ilo f«ited lail I must say that though tborourlily l.eatcu he war, wUlliii; to eoiitiime ub Ion* li'a hi could stand. Stuart uaile a Kood iiiipreaaion o-i theoulooV.era,ar.ditis probjblu that ho will soon get another iiutch on. Vit. yixiop's UiH. TIM niMSTT SEFEiTV WllXtiXS. . .TnisinK by tho mnjtltude of «o°d tporto who turiioil up at the lio;al Athletic Kali, Swiiistou ulrMt, ou Saturday night, Vnl. Flood ia rapidly galulnf iiopularily as a cuterer iu hia own iiiirticu lariino. Well, he il-wi-rvea nil this,, (or although lib opsnlni;- night vas a decided su'cccsii, it was (iiiltc MiUimed ou SaUirduy evouinf, when bu siirunir a aurprlso -m hia patrons by Hiving them u tasto of thuiiunlitiesof out y( tliu pluckiest ?? biiutaraa' I ever savr iu the rlvjc- Utllv Tim llegmly. Tho chief ovent of 'tha crening wuu tho under, tutfnu- ot li'illi.iuis, ruuu»-np iu tlie reci-nt uom ? putiiion at Uiu Cuiulierluiid Club to .stop yoitug ilugjr'ly ill 'ilifht louuda. Not ouly did lie full in currviwr out his co'utraut, but he hud tho wqrat of the light from sturt.lo ll-.dsli, ami r.iui all hut usod up at tiio tL-rmluution of '.Uc limit round. ? At S.30 .p.m. two pupils of I'lood's-Lyons and IJswson— mule their upiiuariiiiee. and bozudfour willing rouuda, Loth lud-- dlsidnying both dovcr iiMir.nd good bittiUK pifwow. At jheooaolualou of their hyu: the houor^ were about evtu. .Thu next' pair to'ucniKl Iho phiatform wore IVulter y.-imur und 1'rwl Unrry, tvro vtij/nuitte* from H.M.S. Sols.n, Iwlli of whom show well, davuloptd tr.iits of the Viitu. pug. The.v went iu foranvar, hut iu realltr- lucy fouirht four burd roliudn, during which l'l-amir h'.'W a good ljid, uud bud hln oiiponuut in tronblo from the juui]., aud ull but out, when they wefe ordered toiihake hauda. Pra'jer. who la a pupil of l-'lood, boxos very much liko hia In-other, the nroini Una; nniatour. Aftor a short but p'.Msaut interv.d, during 'which mont of us nvuilod oui'hoIvch of aainpliug Host Hill's1 sparkling bur, a rituru was muds to tlm hall, and 11 fc.v moments Utcr : iico.inrv axd wuuixs inountod the niws and took their places in opponito comers. Ilu^any wua ot'.undod by Charlcv Tuylor mid Vnl Flood, Willlamu baviui.- tlie ustiatalico ot .11 111 Hunt ur,4' another. The' iudinpensahle ilr. W. IS. Virgoe wum again hi requisition, uud con sented to act us rc- ferto, the dutics'of watch-bolder beiug cntruKtuil to Mr. J. Leek, while ono r,f the leaiU-ru of tho modica] fruteraity otllelatod as t.m 'aecainis check. TIh-jo iniuorUut prolimluarigs mitlafactorily arranged, no time wua loat iu ordering the combatants together for. Hound I.— After a few moments careful spurring Willluuia lut go tho left and got hoivo llehUy on tho body, Hearty cbimtcriDir siimrUy on the dial. IVllllunia uoxtiried for »Ua ia-c, but Tim parried tbo hit 11ml Kvnt tho right smartly ou the ear. Tho littlo fallow then wont to force tliu ugbtlug, ami dropped the right threo times iu quick kuccuihIuu -on tlm -*. slaggorlug bla opponent, the onlookers cheoriuV hiui lustily. Williams then tried, through lila luppi-k.r weight aud ntrmigth, to im-riiowor Hoirarly, hut ho got a 'Kolaml for hii Oliver.' The littlo 'tin mot him at ull poluta, and dealt out punishment (0 siioll uu extent tliot Willinma had to »o«k aholter In a unrlo.t of eUnolios until tbo cull '?«of corners gave htm n'ahort breuthiutr ap&lj.; v Hound 2.— Hcgarty otartoil with a'broco of lef U on Clio fnco.i.mlclu veil y dodged from a s«limlutr right- ltetlioiiatbpp'.dnntittlghtliiftniid landed nnuart ou tho Juw with the right. He followed up with a v'rlplot on tlio body. Williair,, then tri'd forlti.flAitiiif, but horo he win ugnlu bojtod by Tim, wh.' h'ot homo 110 woll uud truly on tho Jaw ihnt, hud he bp--n inlur , anything liko rcuouably amull glove», lie uliou'd havo anded the battle. Burin* tlif rumolmhr or tlio r.niml he llteru.Hr miiothcrud his aJ»cruuiy with l»ft iud right vihIUtloua on head uud body. liouud a.— Willlunu appronchod hln litllo an. tiironint onutiouilr, (ho lattor lo.'.in,- nil fl^lit. Willlunu wan »hort with tlio left, nad ,-aiivlit u hot 'uu under thn uar anit anotlicr Mil tic m.nit'.i. Tiui followed wp Mil udvimUrfo by «^%lli driviut- loft and right on the side of tho ln-.nl. Two-lmmlod lighting 't -'''' 'liurlcrs ended In l.otli l.idii uoiulii- to th.i Wvd*, ueithor. howt-v-.r. taking ' timo.' Jiniiplii;,- 1111 iiuickly, lleiraity M-uitoi f..r hU man. and fi.,:glit him nil ..Tor th.- ring. Wil. Ilnuili nt la»t innde a utaliil. oil 1 fair .lfli(;..l«llt- alng. ging contiumid till ??UoriK/n!' hub culled. ' Itouud -i. — Ucgarty jumped up with ongornoaa doploted ou dvisry foalnio, wbllo hia opponent a*.Hiimoducool.iiud,dotoruiiiiud uttltiulo, Tun wRa ugalu arm to mako 11 lay with a uuat left on thu dilu, \VIHIiiuncoiintoi-ilntoi tho body, Iliwnrty uejf vlbitud hit oniiouout's dlnnor rouopUialo twlui»und duukoduicely from a right, Willluiuu thou woutto olos.o qnfirtora, 'whon, uftor a «hdrt rally; tho littlo chap got olovorly out o( daugur. Bolliriiinf; to tho attack llugurty oonlorud Ida man, nud hang wont loft ami tight ou tlio law, the lust lilt oui alhgWlUiuni'sto'makou' retrograde movomont.. Ilcgiirty went after him, lent tlio loft on tho mouth Wl tho right on tho Jaw, and worried him all ovor tho ring, aud no groat wua tho onthnainam that the voloo of tho tlim'-kuuuer could scarcely be henrd aa ho prdorou the lnda to tlielr coruora. liouiiii 4— Ifagnrly, ivho appoarod bout onnrovlng hlaabllltluarwoiit.to work liko a vcritablo litth torrlor.'. flo jabbed hln ndvoraary on tho mouth again and again,' gotting uwny from tho return In eacli euao.. Willinma, who appourod Hlirnriaod, at length -clinched, J!ei5uv,ty no Hooner . got oluur. of his einbrncu than ho wuu a^alu ut him, and after a succession of quick'' loft driven, uont lila oppemnut down under tho rope', with n wcll.judgml right on tho jaw. .Tnst. buluro tho laqt of. tho lUaoo wus oounttd, Wllliuma jumped up and triad to catch Hojnrty napping, but a dlsngreoable surprlao was in atoro for him in tli.i shape of a straight loft ou tho mouth aud a right ou thoear, a hiinnly. Another vialtution of tho aame sort brought corpora. ltound 0.— Notwithstanding tho punUhmont lio had received, 'VVilliiiinn cama up comparatively frnsh, anil, .ut onco shot the loft for tho fuoo. Hei'MtT stopped' tho blow, and luudad iilcoly ou thoeur. (Ulieeis.) Villiuuiu then Bwung tho right viciously, and. it landed on Uogarty'ii shoulder, tho lattor getting honin prettily oil thu konk. Williams triad ovnry pja.1il.I0 muualuvre to get tbo littlo follow oil his guard, but without Huceoan. HegHrtyjniaiw ivaloli/ul ns upuiUior, uud soolag an opouiug, ho noiit the left on thu cheuk-bone, nnd got away Horn the lutumlud return. Uo then went in to l'orco matters, aud lioltod his adveiuiry all over tho ring, puulHliiug him us severely us thu big glovci would allow till' corners.' ltound 7.— Wllliama mndo a desperate attempt to recover his loat ground, hut his onslaught waa well mot by Tim, who never ilinohcd uu inch ut the advance of lito . honvior opponout, consequently a, donp'erat'* rally took' place, Ifeu-nrty forcaig hiu lnau qu tlio ropes, whero hu clinched. Breaking anay Williams ugnlu caanyod to fulfil his part by deuuarate attompts to aecure a knock-out. Hegarty, who shotved groat ulovurneos In avoiOiug pnaiatimi'jit, more thuu held hia own, and bad all the boat ot this, as vrull as of tho pruvious rounds. Hound 8.— Coming up for tho final round Hagarty 'looked as if lio -would rnthur not sliuko hands with lila opponunt. WilUHtns in:tda auotiiur hard try for iviotory, -but he. was mot, witll promptitude ~nr.d elovorncss, and aiilntod with a BiiuiuMiix right on tho Jaw which stiiggured him, mill hud hu beca iiUjrMiiiitr liko 011 eron turns aa 10 weight, ho 111u.se tlu.11 uiwi there huvu gouu' \uider. llaaurcy then got his idvci-Mi-y in 11 ooj-jor uud dnzud him witli uuottior right on the juw, und It KA', a.' muoh iu Williams could do to rnuuiiuou his foot till corner!) Hounded for the lust Mini-. JTr. Vircoe, in (fifiiifj hid dooiiiion In fr.vor of Bngnrty, ..?oiujiL-fi»:it-,d him hijihly- on his por forioauco, nay&is; that lio -.t. only won, but wou twice, us lie had all tuo.bwt vi tl.5 battle. ' Ilcyarty, who war. givins'av.-ay more than r-. stone in wuight, for.v-ht'likc a littlu dtiiiiou, and mll-4.riuud everyone by tbo dash- iud spirit with winch he {ought. Tigiiinst such hi? odda. Ho in ono of tho moat promising lads I 'ever saw ntvippe.'l, and hud. hIioiiM lutvo. won the battlo iu tbe socoud round. Williams did ullin his povwr to win, but hu wan never 111 tho huat, iivl-tno wonder is that ho did not throw up the W'S* early iu the fl^ht. When tbo'i'lMDriii!; which Breoted Jlogarty's viccorv had .wuiewtaat bubnidoU, Val Flood aiinounco1! -'iat hoh-dbecn informed that young fct'I.ejuiand Chambfird wero al'tor Hogiu'tv's aculp, well, in that cusu eithor or both could bo aocotnmo (luted. jrLwiii.eiitoiud.tbo rinjr, and vcpliod tbiit lio win roai'.y 10 r-.Wr, not. 'nly Hegarty, but any Tat MS Uid'-'in Viefiri-i, (or » ;«» unft eide-wnRn-.. therefore it u: mmLmuIc tliai. u contest v;ill be nriid lor an early Uu'.v. Thefir;:t. |'vij-.iv!:-.!ifc afiju-lo take plneo at tlio 21\. A.C. itsliV. !vt.ve«n V-..I li'lond and Jnclr Perry ma:i, on tho ?-?:;.-.: in.-il.. fornpiir.^ of i'(..i|id u sldt Hlr*a!ly'lwarlyiloiiil!Mlic'-!iii.Vl;il'.!.l'wi-isii't,l'jVst ?lib. l'.'nod lins tuS«iu up his. iniariers-ut Xlraills's Hole!, Clydn-Htreol, St. Kiida, and is under tliu care of Uharley Tayl.ir. ^ho.it is uu'ic-oMary tn tiio n'u-sido''u'Ullb'i'i3 'iiis'l.'.^t' rieniTuclm whili U, seo him. Perrymim if. nisi nl.-St. Kildu, 111 private (luitrUvs, aud it is imiilein 11 l-- say that umicr thfi skilful eiiraof .luck Alurnitn.il. li' will appear to th. beit. mUantaju on'clio nlfflit of tlie batt '?:. On t'aa' mine iiiu1.! -;here will _ bn 1.11 ? u itr lit vounU coutcfjt !-(?i.wc',*ii '* Jj'riilii7 ' i.)'ts l'!), well-kiiov.-n in Syilnuv. ami AlucKugcra.'for 11 1,111*6 ol i-l.i. Tliixisuspc.-le.l to hi- a real linu-li mill, uu bnth Iiiivb boon lor «io time looking (or n job. Jack Kin-,- is looking ntlur I'ridny. Articlci have not yntluun shrutd for the second Creuduu-CiKtaib co-itojt, lmt -i. is il.iliuitelr (looided timt ir vrill I,.; fought on Queun'i ilirthduy. viiratio'u for l'hu.»l..ii,-!;livwh'ich is to decide the liiiddlo-wuiitbl clui.ii.iojiaJilp. Tho uoiniiiiM':.! ---r Ihe club meet on Thurs dav ov.miu',-. wh«n it is probable Hint Mime iuinlirtnclr V.cuia^'.s y/ill bo diccu.ssed. It is on the Km'.K iiiata match, ma v be fixud faetwrten Suudy l,VOr-xav and U--oii-o Powell, of i.'cv'CU3tlu, if tho Utter is willilnr aud cuu Had 11 mat..ltiiii,' JUurtui'beiluy and Hilly itatoer,' and sonie..uiuir will pi-ooiihly bo douo 111 couueution witli. the.10sfatnalo-.ir championship. (luKIIAK'S JlALI.. ' Noxl.yriihiyoveiiiug at tliu ahovo hall Walter DmA-an a'iil I'red PruHtou will meet in an ci8hl ruiliiH cornea!, for a purse- huns .up by Mr. W. II. Cumin. A i;ood bnttio and. a good kttcudaucs of Gports is tuluicipiilod. ; '?'?'' ' 'Gkxkiu't. Gosair. I noe that Abo Willie in anxious io have 11 cut ,,t JfOowna. Well, .Inafcy is ready ami willin.. to box in jtulhoarne it upiiiKu is fortlicoming, mill hn will ulso bo ub'lo lo liinl a«idc-wngnr. if'Ud'.v.ui ciinnot hor. under 8»t7lh. If this is loo heavy for Willis bo can iiu aoooniiuodate.l bv Nipjioi- I'tulci's vjio will Los ut Htt, aili, «r uvon tut, il Abo will ciiau to tin- lauif woisVt.' I'cakiw will ho backed by u ,vull kuown i.pnvt to tlio extent 'of J-'i'S'J, no' that if ?ffillii: c:iu 8i.«l a Boli.l sldo-wiisrer und wants ^ koIM buttle, 'ht-ni 13 11 ehalico that duesu't of'e-ir oceiir. If thitf uuitx tiio Syilu'cy Iud a (,-ood purse h e,,M to he on hand. liaiativo tn 3£r. r,i:vdon's lettor in lash wgck'n Uvrisi-.EV. I am authorised hi- Mr. Joe Karris to Htiitu that ho will Lai* ;.fr. 1'rascr for L-.'K) it tho Jf.A.O. put up a suitable trophy, uud I think they Artie TnUr.wantu to I101 nny of tlio Sydney 10 stouuis, Jim Burrou prcfurrad, if a inirKO is nut mi ovur that side. Tull/uau llnd a J!2i sldc- ivaxor. irorouly )IU3 yet boon recniveil from Starlight rela'.ivii U-'Vom JJugiraii's eimlliuu-e'lo box him for .t-M or £KW oaMii. 'iliis i».a pretty hiirli .'||Kht for lii|.(i-,iii. but Ihou. Ills mouoy speiiks for his con ildunoe. . Thuriidiiy, l'.0i invtant, in fixed for a friondly criekut nink-li b-jtv.-non t bu Executive uud ui.imbi'ra of tho Sfollioiu-.io Athletic Club, and Iho Evr:;i:;o .STAXl.ilin Cricket Club. Thu mutch will lm a sort of nlniaant ra-unloii, und te-nl to show tin: good fecrinv-uxistiuKl^tivooli tho Prots inulMie il.A.C. SoillH capital sport, if not hir*i! scores, is expected, nud altogether a ylcusuut uitoruoou is looked for ward to. 'J'uo ouca well- ltnown Apollo 11M ma acaiu tiio Fcouo-uf allutio encounter on Thursday' 'eveuini; bpt'wceu two''youiiB guutlmuen «utr.iir«l on tlio Stock Gxelnugo. li; appeur.sthut there won wine dln''i-o'j.H- o( opinion mlutive to a full m snuio niinliiif Bcrin. Thin led tn come niiiJoou.int re marks nii'f an iidjouriimeut was made to tho Itfiunge llotnl, where, of course, all tlio uecmsiirv paniplteruiilin for noting Is slill 011 liniiil. llora thuri- was. 110 oujuctlon to thoir indill',-hnr'.li»-o sniHlolil Klijilihh Jtylo of Kottlitig their e-leVaiiOe.' Thu g'eutl.iiuon in quo^tlon. aflcr Indftlginit in sundry Ions: l,:iiigie.f..nt». dlvo'itcl tl.emv.'Ites --i tliulr ulotiliug in tlio nunf. approved fashion, uud nntured tho fi'.muu« ring once boxed in by old Jem Mace, ilnly oaiinired. ? ? Two ireiillduiau, wliono iutoxrlly is above mis pioion. o31ei*toil iisr.ifeioa and tluioxcepur. They boxcdfonrroiind«vitlitiirnior?V('CTvdtoo!uughtor ill* each othur tn.111 w giy.'i any display ol tljionea. T'lO young ' Duek.' who wiw tho bifsor anil heavier of tho twain, iriw diclaroil th^ wiuvir. hut ' Cur'ey ' wiisu't. satiiiSed, uud it i.i on tlio curds Ilia*. Iliov will m.)flt i.Jnin 'in I'jn sweet b.vwi(l ltii.,' When th'-'fjorelftSK b;ittlo wus ov«r tho menu of drink was ulierod to li-ii|.' «htn.Iie«, 'if n-iii.-Ii n con. olilerulilo utimliur found their truy 'rencith thu shirts nf the lute bollrg..r.mtH, uud thuy uent lioi.-io lmppy iu u:«ch olhur'a society, for I lie time being 