STORYCOLPMN. n|l8er ijoadlefs j Secret. STORY' OP MURDER AND MYSTERY. ByABTHURW.IARCHMONT,B.A Authoe Off ' 1 " ."By.WhoaoHand," " Madelino Power,'" "Isa," &o;'M # " ili quexnblahd eights deserved. . Ohapibb XVI.— ( Continued.) ; . Manon WttB taken by surprise by the ' man's not, but answered the question with plenty of spirit. ' The streets are as free for me as for , you, ' she said. 'I am not bound to ask your leave where I may walk.' ' Quite true, quite true ; and answered like a girl of Bpirit. But that is precisely the reason why I decline to be followed . by you any further.' His voice was not. a pleasant one, deep in tone, and some- \- . what husky ; but his manner was by no. means either rough or even rude, and he laughed as he made the last reply. what surprised Marion most of all, however, was that he was very differently dressed- His appearance now: was that \- of a well-to-do man of the middle class. 1 1 -might consent, however, on one con dition,' ho added, after a pause, ' and that is that you tell mo to whom I have the pleasure to speak, and what your object may be in following me.' < And what if I refuse V said Marion quietly. ' Then I shall he compelled to deny you , the opportunity of - following me, simply ' by remaining where lam.' He seemed to treat the matter rather as a jest than \ anything else. ' My name is Jannaway— Marion Jan- ' noway,' said the girl. ' I followed you to see where you were going.' 'Well, that iB simple enough at any rate, and truthful, too, I've no doubt. ,In reply then I will tell you my name is Linnegan — James Linnegan, ana I object —strongly object — to your doing any thing of the kind. Stay, though,' he added quickly. ' Are you the Mies Jan naway who lives at Morris place, and has . a house in .Clergy street to let ? , If so, I hall consider this a very fortunate meet ing, a very extraordinary coincidence.' ' Yes, I do live at Morris place.' \- Ah, indeed, well I called there yester day, when you were not at home',' answered the man coolly. ' I wished to see you about taking the house in Clergy street.' . The girl could scarcely believe her ears, but it was evident to her that she had to do witha man of consummate cool ness. and daring, and she felt , that she must be doubly on her guard. She now perceived how great and grave a mistake .she had made in following him. If she was not very careful he would outwit her and be scared away. Even if a policeman appeared ebe would hesitate about giving him into custody. at once, oh account of the distressing complication about Ralph Gething. This interview could do no good; therefore,- her best course seemed to her now to bo to tem porise with the man, disarm . him of all suspicion, and get away. 1 1 am sorry I was not at home,' Bhe answered, 'but I shall be glad to con sider the matter. I am sorry ulso that I have annoyed you by following you. I have made a mistake I find. Please ex cuse me. The letting of the house will he arranged by Mr. Price, of 800, Fins- bury square, my lawyer ' 'Oh, I don't like lawyers,' said the man, bluntly. ' My transactions with thorn have not always been pleasant. I would rather arrange direct with you.' 'Then I will write to you,' said Marion, 'if you will give your address.' . ' Thank' you, I would prefer to settle Idlings at an interview. I ata living in Highbury.' ; « Why do you want to take this house . > ' in Clergy Btreet r asked Marion, suddenly and sharply, - ; - James Linnegan did not reply imme- diately, ' why dp I want to take the house, V. Miss Jannaway?' he said, at length. 'Why do -people take houses except to live in . .them ?' ' 1 'Well,' she answered, 'Ioannot give you a reply yet. I am thinking of living there myself in about a week's time, but . if I should not do so, and should change my mind meanwhile I will let you know. : ; ; : You can oall at MorrisPlace, say on Mon-' day— if you are really in earnest about " having the house.' 'I am more than in earnest — I am j ; anxious to have it,' he said. ' I will not : ' ; fail to call.' Then Marion . left him. She, looked ' baok Beveral times to see if he was fol lowing her, but he did not; and she v ; . walked quiokly in the homewards to, Morris Place, soolding hersolt for having : made such a foolish mistake as to follow and speak to him, before she-was able to . ; give him into ouetody. , ; . And her heart grew very heavy as she thought of her. lover arid the part he had ' taken in the terrible , spend, at- Clergy. ' v street." jiu : y : Chapter XVII.— Mabion Solves tub Jli.-V. .... iClPHEB. It was 6 o'clook when Marion reached J. :. Morris place. She let herself into the Cyl'f Abuse, and as she went upstairs, she felt, \ ' some ouriosity, not unmixed with anxiety, fviiaB- .to whether any further attempt -had 'been made in her absence to break into '.the. house. : ,' Bhe found her rooms were just as she ' bad left them, however, und with a- sigh- of relief and weariness she threw herself \- ihto her easy .chair. ' The' excitement and -> strain' and fatigue of the last two days had told heavily upon her strength, and . she was very tired and worn put. But . there was still a great deal to bo done,., i and she grudged herself oven the first few _' moments of delioious restfulness. : She . inust he up and doing. ' V. r i . -« She took off her hat and jaoket, lit the fire, and then put on the kettle- to boil.. She longed for a cup of tea. When she had had this/she was much refreshed, and then she went to heir bedroom and had' what she termed a " good wash " and came baok to the sitting-room braced up and invigorated. She felt altogether different from the tired . weary girl who had crept slowly and rather fearsomely up the stairs only ah hour before; and she was now ready again for work. : 8 .The first thing to be done was - to' see Ralph Gething, and get from him an explanation of his visit to Clergy street. This troubled her exceedingly. She did not know how to form the questions that she must put to him, hut the task had. to be performed, .-however unpleasant it might he. She was -not the girl to shirk it, though she would have given all that Bho was worth to have been-oble to esuape from it. , She knew her lover's ordinary .move ments sufficiently well to be able to fix tthe time to catch him before he left home for his office. He left generally at a few minutes after 8 o'olook, as he made a point of always being at the- office punctually by 9 ; aud.be came down to breakfast at half past 7. . In all these little matters he ' wqs as regular as a machine, , as Mrs. Gething had often said. At half-past 7, therefore, Marion put on her hat, feeling very sad and anxious and uervous, and started. It required all the resolution she possessed to make her knook at the door of the Gethings' house ; and even when Bhe had knooked she was half inclined to run away. , Mrs. Gething came to the door and uttered an exclamation of surprise when Bhe saw the giri. 'Why, Marion, whatever is the matter?' she cried. 'You look as pale as a ghost. Come in, do.' - 'I want to see Ralph;' Mrs. Gething,' answered Marion quietly. - ' Como in, child, do ; and don't stand there in the cold. You look perished, aud no wonder,' oried the good, woman, who was very fond of Marion, and was dis tressed by her. looks. ' Will you tell Ralph, Mrs. Gething? I want to sice him at onoe, and on a very important matter — very important to me,' she added. ' You look a good deal more fit to go to bed, my dear,' replied Mrs. Gething, ' than to talk about important business.' And sho put her arms round the girl and kissed her, as Boon as Bhe had dosed the door. | ' Why, your lips.are as cold as cold. .Ralph isn't at home, my dear ;' but come hi and have some breakfast.' ' Not at home, .Mrs. Gething,' said Marion, .turning a' little paler at the news. ' Whefe— whore is he?' 'He went away on. Saturday, some where ; I think he went out of town. He said he might have to -go, but that he would write, and would .he sure and be baok to-dav. I expooted a letter this morning, rather ; hut he duesn't seem to have been able to write, for. I fancy the postman has gone by. Come in, ahild.' . 'No, thank you, Mrs. Gething, I must go. Ho you think he'll he at the office to-day ? ' 'Oh, yes, my dear, he's sure to he there. But I wish you'd oome and just have a oup of tea; 'it might do. you good,' said Mrs. Gething, trying to persuade the girl. 'No, thankyou. I miiBt she Ralph aB soon'as possible, and I'll go down to the office and wait for. him there. Tell him I oalled, and want to see him particularly, very particularly, will you? And aek him to come to me as soon as he comes' in, supposing that is 'I miss him at the office.' . Mrs. Gething promised to do thiB, and tried again: to- persuade Marion to have some breakfast. But the girl Was firm, and went away, leaving Mrs. Gething perplexed and worried at her looks and. unusual oonduct. Marion left the house with a heavy heart at -the news of Ralph's absence, and the false story by whioh he had attempted to account for it at home. Bhe went at once to the city with the inten tion of seeing him the momont he arrived. to be continued on monday. " 