ITEMS OF INTEREST. [OBIGINAL ASD SELECTED.] Lord Cockburn tells a Btory of. a Scottish judge, Lord Hermand, one of the band of pragmatic judicial ruffians who sat on the bench under the reign of the Dundases, who delivered a celebrated ruling in the case of a young gentleman who, when tried for 'cul- pable homicide,' put in this defence. He and his friend had sat np drinking one night after being at the theatre, and h9 had in a quarrel stabbed his companion to death. All the judges were for a Bhort imprisonment. But Hermand, who was. a notorious drunkard himself, fiercely demanded transportation. " We are told," he croaked out in his judg ment, ' that there WOB no malice, and that the prisoner must have been in liquor. In liquor! Why, he was drunk! And yet he murdered the very man be had been drinking with. My lords,' he added with tragic solemnity, "if be will do this when be is drunk, what will be do when he is sober ?' At Kangaroo Valley a white lyre bird is re ported to hare been found. It is said that a large number of new mem- bers at the late swearing-in of the House of Gommons chose to make an affirmation, instead of tatting the oath. This they are allowed to do by an Act of 1888. It was Abraham Lincoln who «aid that the man who expressed himself ready to shed his last drop of blood was always very careful about shedding the first drop. Strike-leaders and Statue orators, please note ! The finances of the Tamworth hospital were explained at the committee meeting on ^Wednesday night. The position of the insti- tution is a canse of anxiety to those respon- sible for its liabilities. There is a guarantee to the Commercial Bank of £550, but the in- debtedness at the end of the month will total £900. The Government forced the com- mittee to erect a uew ward for the treatment of patients suffering from infectious diseases, on pain of withdrawal of the subsidy, and made a grant of £300. The building cost £500, and there have been no subscriptions to cover the difference. In fact, the revenue this year has been nearly £100 less than for a corresponding period in 1891. A Sydney paper sayB:-The writer of a recent Australian story describes ber hero as " meditating in euealyptic cloiaterdom" which is good. But another novelist defines a white lie as a " black lie conscientiously bleached by the circumvesting chloride of society"-which is even better. The news- paper critic apparently does not know that the phrase euealyptic cloisterdom is Mr. J Bruuton Stephens' coinage. Mr. John Meldrum, who arrived in Adelaide on Tuesday from a station on the Eastern side of Lake Frome, brought some interesting fossils of gigantic mammal Diprotodon aus- tralia, consisting of the lower jaw, with some of the molare attached. Mr. Meldrum states that the bones of three carcases were exposed on the surface near where the specimens were obtained. The New Zealand imports for the quarter ended the 30th September were £1,935,852, being a decrease of 18,000 as compared with the corresponding quarter of l»Bt year. The exports amounted to £1,351,831, Doing a decrease of £315,000 The Petrolea Boring Company, Bourke, gas succeeded in striking 4,000,000 gallons of artesian water daily in a bore on Cuttabulla, owned by A. Tobin and Sons, about 60 miles from Bourke, at a depth of 1725ft. The water ia very hot, the temperature being 120deg. The men had to stop working, as the water blistered them. The greatest curiosity of late years, accord- ing to the statement of a Texas paper, lives st Oak Hill, a post village. She is a blind girl, who has, from a few acres of land culti- vated by herself, cleared about £40 each season by the sale of vegetables. She began, we are told, without capital on an uofeuced piece of uncultivated land. There ia now a neat fence around her domain, with a well and pump in the centre, and, in addi- tion to purchasing these, she haï paid for a piano, and a hack in which to take her vege- tables to market, 20 miles away. Every evening during the dry season ehe waters a certain number of plants until she has gone over the entire piece, when Bhe begins again and goes over it in the same way. She detects insect life, we ace told by her acute sense of hearing, and grass and weeds are easily distinguished by the sensitive fingere of the blind gardener. It is stated that the largest andience attracted to the Paris Grand Opera last season was to " Lohengrin," and that the re- ceipts then were £920. London audiences are more valuable, and a full bouse at Oovent Garden would certainly imply a total receipt of £1200. One of Mr. Gladstone's curiosities is his waste-paper basket full of birtbd ay-books. Peopleare always sending their birthday-books for Mt. Gladstone to write bis nome in. These are all, in the first place, relegated to the > waste-paper basket. If the sender writes to ask for the book back, Mr. Gladstone writes his name in, and send it. But the reminder is necessary, and withont.it the books re- mains in the waste-paper basket. A diver named JoneB, residing in Cardiff, was engaged in attempting to raise the steam- ship Acorington, which was beached at Penarth after it has been in collision. She had several holes in her side, which had been plugged while the vessel was pumped out. Jones accidently pushed in one of these plugs with his right hand, and the suction of the water became so great that his arm was drawn into the hole to the shoulder, and be could not withdraw it. A message was wired to Cardiff Docks for another diver. Nearly two hours elapsed before he reached Fenarth with MB diving apparatus, and in this time Jones had become so exhausted that he was founded banging by the vessel side on his arm. When rescued, which took some time, he was so exhausted that he had to be lifted on board the steamer. In an Irish daily there recently appeared this advertisement :-" "Wanted a gentleman to undertake the sale of a patent medicine ; the advertiser guarantees that it will' be profitable to the undertaker." This is even an unhappier mode of expression than that adopted recently in another Iriah paper, when the editor "regretted io have to an 7 nounce the death of Mr. So- and-so, but was not astonished to hear of the sad event, as the deceased had been attended for some time by Dr. Smith." In consequence of the necessity for retrenchment in the railway service, the men employed in the workshops at Sydney and Newcastle have agreed to work eight hours per week less in order to prevent the dismissal of a number of hands. I This extract from a leading London print is amusing, inasmuch as it affords one more proof of the knowledge (?) of Australian I geography possessed by the average Cockney pressman :-" Mr. G W. Hall, lately a mem- ber of the Victorian Parliament, New South Wales, says that a plot of land sold there not J many years ago for £12 10s is now worth £50,000, aud another that waa exchanged for a bottle of brandy was recently valued at a quarter of a million sterling." Marr Anderson was once crossing the Pacific, and to pass the time athletic sports were organised on board-sack-racing for the men, and for the ladies an egg-race (or run- ning with an egg in a Bpoon). The captain promised a bouquet to the lady who won. Mary won, and the purser, with some cere- mony, brought ia a lovely pale-greeD bouquet ; but the low murmur of admiration was soon followed by great surprise and laughter npon the discovery being made that the bouquet was only a cabbage, coloured with cochineal by a clever sailor belonging to the ship. An amusing anecdote of Pope Pins IX. is related on the authority of Mr. Gladstone by the late Mr. Severn, the artist, in tbe specimens of his Eora an Journale published in the Atlantic Monthly When Mr. Gladstone was presented to the Pope in 1861 the con- versation happened to turn on railways. I The Pope declared that he would never permit railways in his dominions, as he believed they would injure the health of his subjects. Mr. Gladstone, thinking the Pope was not serious, pressed him more closely, I and the Pope then said seriously that he was " sure the English people were subject to consumption from passing through the air BO rapidly in railways." "This (adds Mr. Severn) Mr. Gladstone told me himself." Passengers on Northern district railways do not get consumption owing to " passing through the air rapidly." A wonderful escape from drowning happened on Thursday evening at Bowral. A girl named William«, about 6 years old, fell into a well about 20ft. deep and half full of water. The mother jumped in after the child, and, when the two were struggling in the water, the father jumped in also and sustained his wife and child above water till assistance came, and the three were got out. During last month gold of the value of £101,050 was shipped from Melbourne. The total shipments for the first 10 months of the year amount to £1,745,965. On Thursday two men were struck dead by lightning at Pittsworth, in Queensland. The Postmaster-General has received a reply from Mr. Ward, the New Zealand PostmoBter-Goneral, accepting the offer of New South Wales of £4000 for one year in connection with the San Francisco mai) service. At a meeting of the Cabinet held on Friday the sentence of death passed on Benjamin Griffin was commuted io imprisonment for life, and the sentence of death passed upon Charlie Ah Bum at Grafton for murder was commuted to 10 years' penal servitude. It was decided that the law should take itB course in the case of Jemmy Tong, sentenced to death at Armidale for the murder of another Chinaman. Sir JameB MacBain, President of the Legislative Council of Victoria, died at Toorak on Friday morning. Mr. J. L. Toole'u fondness for practical joking i« well known. Not very long ago the celebrated actor entered a dairy shop in London, and, assuming a solemn demeanour, addressed himself to the man behind the counter : " I will take a boy," said Mr. Toole, gravely, looking round at the shelves. "A boy, sir?" asked the dairyman, in a puzzled tone. " And a girl," added Mr. Toole. The man gazed open-mouthed at his oustomer, evidently under the impression a lunatic was addressing him. "This is a milk-shop," said the dairyman, in an emphatic tone. " Come outside," answered Mr. Toole, in a sepulchral voice ; and, taking the man by the arm, he led him to the door, and pointed upwards to the sign. " I'll take e. boy and girl," repeated the humorist, with not a ghost of a smile. " Bead what your notice states : ' Families supplied in any quantity.' " The race meeting of the V.B.C., which was concluded at Flemington on Saturday, was one of the most disastrous experienced by the general public, as wagering was heavy and very .few favourites-won. The cemeteries of London cover 2000 acres. Only one person in a thousand dies of old age. The Arab horse is not broken in until its fourth year. More than half the whites in "New Zealand are native born. The greatest tea-drinkers in the world are the Australians. The Czar's throne ia said to be worth four times as much as Queen Victoria's. At the late Technological Examinations in connexion with the City Guilds of London 53 candidates presented themselves at'Sydney, Bathurst, Weet Maitland, Newcastle, and Granville, against 49 for the previous year ; 35 passed, against 31 in 1891. The success- ful candidates at Maitland were:-Honors grade: Tools, metal working1, John Ewing, j un. Ordinary grade: Carpentry and joinery, Ed ward Nash, James Beason Noad, Biebard "Wall, Howard D. Tracy, Charles H. Button ; brickwork and masonry, Edward Nash, Richard "Wall. Another Cleopatra's Needle is going to Europe. Over 50 yeara ago the Austrian Consul at Alexandria presented the monolith to the city of Trieste, but until now the municipality hare not cared to pay the cost of freight. The obelisk is of red granite on a black porphyry pedestal, and stands 71ft. high. Salt and water, quite strong, and used per- sistently for a time, will prevent the hair from falling out. Banavalomanjaha, Queen of Madagascar, is one of the Boyal ladies who chew tobacco. The increase in revenue derived from the sale of postage stamps in Victoria since the land postage has been raised to 2d, reckoning an average of 60 days preeedingithe increase, amounts to £315 per day. If continued it will give an additional revenue of £98,000 for the year. The mining exhibit from New South "Wales at Chicago Exhibition has been taken charge of by Mr. Carne, geological surveyor. There are 1650 exhibit« stored in boxes, and weigh- ing in all 250 tons. The assistant geologist, Mt, Bands, reports that the Olsen Jobannes cares, 15 miles from Bockhampton, contain a large deposit of guano, worth £5 10s per ton. The Mount Morgan directors have decided to erect a complete chemical laboratory at the mine for the purpose of thoroughly investi- gating the nature of the ores. Tbe export of coal from Newcastle to ports beyond the colony for the week ended Friday amounted to 30,921 tons. A strange incident is reported from a Philadelphia newspaper office. One of the compositors, a young woman, suddenly fainted at her case, and had to be conveyed to her home. The workman who took up her " take" found it to be the account of a suicide in another city. The suicide was the young woman's affianced lover, and among 40 com- positors in the room the item had fallen to the only one personally interested. The poet Longfellow-like, perhaps, every other man who is prominently before the public-was a good deal plagued by un- solicited correspondence. One modest gentleman, entirely unknown, wrote : " Now, I want you to write me a few lines for a young lady's album, to be written as an acrostic, to read ' My Dearest One.' If you will please imagine yourself a young man loving a beautiful young lady who has promised to be his wife, and then write as you would for yourself, you will much oblige one who has been an ardent admirer of your poems." Then at the bottom of the page, "Send bill." When the last mail left England St. Simon's etocfe had won £51,102 in stakes this season. A mun named Lohr, engaged at the East Melbourne Synagogue, drew Glenloth in one of Tattersall'i) sweeps. He offered the ticket for sale for £500, but got no buyers. Too many people are electric lights in prayer meeting and tallow-dips at horne. Before you get in too big a hurry to get rich sit down for a few minutes and watch a fly that has got stuck fast in honey. Judge Harding rebuked a Queensland solicitor the other day for appearing before him in Court in an ordinary light tweed suit. The Court, he said, "must have a certain amount of deferenoe paid to it, and legal practitioners must not come here in racing costume." Strange to say, a few days after- wards he told a jury who had asked to be taken to see the spot where an accident occurred, which was the cause of the action being tried before them, that "Brisbane will be celebrated for the eccentricities of jurie«." The average weight of a crowd of men standing as closely together as possible is eighty-four pounds per superficial foot. The Kimberley Kaffirs are said to smoke cigars with the lighted ends in their mouths. They light a cigar in the ordinary manner, tuck the tongue in the cheek, and, putting the lighted end in the mouth, gradually con- sume the whole. They say that their method is warm and comfortiug, and greatly prefer- able to the way of the foreigner. It also haB the advantage of preparing the Kaffirs for their after life. At Lutterworth Church, says an English paper, the curfew bell is still rung with un- swerving regularity, while the inhabitants are roused at 5 in the summer and 6 in the winter by a similarly relentless bell. The ancient ceremony has actually been carried on for 50 years by one man named Manger, who haB never slept out of the town more than one night in his life. His name is due to the fact of his great-grandfather having been found unlabelled in a manger in a neighbouring parish. Cyclists in France are now compelled to have their names on their machines. M. Flamand, who has been studying the inscribed stones in the south-eastern part of Algeria, has found rocks upon which figures of men, women, and children, evidently pre- historic, are represented. The stoneB also show the figures of horses, cattle, ostriches, and elephants, though the elephant has not inhabited this region within historic times. A French syndicate haB offered to tender for the construction of railways in Victoria or for other public works to the extent of £2,000,000, or even £3,000,000 if necessary, or for a less sum, and to accept Government debentures for the work done. Sir Graham Berry has decided that it would be better not to entertain the proposal, on the ground that it might cause irritation to the British capitalists, and because it was not desirable to increase the amount payable by the colony for interest. On Friday the Customs receipts amounted to £7418. Towards this the 10 per cent ad valorem duty contributed £601, and the 15 per cent. £93 Sir George DibbB promises to reconsider what use can be made of Glebe Island other than for abattoirs. The truth is that hardly a beast ought to be killed in or near Sydney. Much the more sensible and healthful practice would be to kill the animals near their pastures, and only send the flesh to town. Lord Rosebery has decided that shorthand writing shall be one of the optional subjects in future examinations for admission to the Foreign Office and the Diplomatic Service. The Victorian Assembly is considering a Gippsland railway from Bairnsdale to the New South Wales border, on the land-grant system. If Melbourne extends her line to Bendoc, ongbt we not to take our line south- wards from Cooma thither ? During the course of a great strike on the London and North-Western railway, of which the late Duke of Buckingham wa« then chairman, there waa not a single driver forth- coming to take the STorthern mail to Man- chester. The Duke got on the engine, his secretary acted as fireman, and they piloted the train as far as the outskirts of Manchester. Here thpy found the embankment and bridges lined with yelling strikeB, who bombarded the engines and carriages with stones, bricks, &c.; Through this storm the Duke took his train safely into the station at Machester. Shortly afterwards the strike collapsed. The Victorian revenue receipts for the last month amounted to £603,616, being £54,943 lees than for the corresponding month of laBt year, this notwithstanding the fact that the beer duty and the increased postage were in operation. The revenue for the first four months of the financial year amounted to £2,411,327, being £155,077 less than for the same period of last year, notwithstanding that the Customs duties bad been increased, and also that the stook tax and a beer duty had been imposed. The Customs returns last month show a decrease of £62,000 as com- pared with October last year. The stook tax brought in £9000 additional revenue. For ordinary nervous toothache, which is caused by the nervous system being out of order, or by excessive fatigue, a very hot bath will so soothe the nerves that Bleep will naturally follow, and upon getting up the patient will feel very much refreshed, and the toothaohe will be a thing of the past. For what is known as " jamping toothache," hot, dry flannel applied to the fade and neok IB very often effective. It is said that two of the heaviest eaters in j Europe are the Czar of all the Buesios and the Prince of Wales. The number of repasts and the amount of food consumed by either is enough to startle ordinary mortals. Ihe Prince of "Wales, for instance, after a first light meol, on rising, eats an enormous break- fast, and an equally copious luncheon follow- ing at 2 p.m. At 5 or 6 o'clock there is a kind of tea ; that is to say, it ia tea only m name, and resembles far more the Bueiian " proshnick," for it includes caviar and pate de-foie gras, sandwiches, smoked salmon, all sorts of what are falsely termed " appetisers." It is indeed a square meal washed down by drink far stronger than tea. Between 8 and 9 o'clock there follows dinner, and shortly after midnight the Prince ia ready once more for a hearty supper. TJp to the present about7000 baleB of wool have been sent away from the Mudgee dis- trict this season, A. Lowenstein, legal manager of Beveral mining companies, committed suicide in Mel- bourne on Friday by shooting himself with a revolver. If you stick a stick across a stick, Or stick a cross across a stick, Or cross a stick across a stick, Or stick a cross across a cross, Or cross a cross across a stick, Or cross a cross across a cross, Or stick a crossed stick across a stick, Or stick a crossed stick across a crossed stick, Or cross a crossed stick across a cross, Or cross a crossed stick across a stick, Or cross a crossed stick across a crossed stick, Would that be an acrostic ? It is the custom in Lima, Peru, to keep animals on the roofs of houses. A calf makes its first »ppearance on the roof, and never descends until it comes down as beef. We hear on good authority that one of the suppliers of the Wauchope Butter Factory is drawing £9 per week, milking 17 cows, and milk at fourpence per gallon. Not a bad cheque every week, and rather better than maiT, we should think. The flower show of the Manning Biver A. and H. Association, which was opened on Friday last, is described aa a great success. The flowers were plentitul and beautiful, whilst additional attractions were offered by jumping events, a poultry show, specimens of penmanship, etc, and a singing contest confined to school children ; this event was won by the little ones of "Wingham. After all life is but the forerunner of death. A kilted Highlander was in the habit of walking to the nearest town, six miles off, for his provisions. Having on one occasion pur chased nome matches, he found on his return home that they were useless. On his next visit to the town he took them back, and com- plained to the grocer's assistant that they would not light. The latter, taking one, drew it in the American fashion across his nether garments, and the match caught fire. But thin demonstration, instead of satisfying the Highlander, angered him the more. " And whs," he cried, " is going to travel 12 miles to licht the matches un your breeks ?" Now is the time when little boys Partake of little round green apples, And little rural funerals Ensue from little rural chapels. 