Lfetty's Love Story. ; ' : / OlfAl'TKll XI. . The noxb morning whilo Lottico was giving., tlio oliildron lossons , in the schoolroom, Sir Wilfred camoin, and , soiidihg.his littlo nioco and nophow to play in tho gardon. soata(l liimsolf hj' our horoino,.and nskod hor if she had thought over tho ovonts of 'yoster- / \ daj\ V I havo dono nothing olso hut thinlc ovor thorn,' sho returned, with a faint,, smile. : ' And you aro still of opinion that it .will bo host to lcoop tho story from Hubort/Eilosmoro ? '' | jf|Tcs( for it would only pain him to liokr'it." "It is not as if any disgrace lay iipon me. In that case I should ,;> flunk it my duty, to rovpal everything ; but, as it is, mattors aro much bottor loftnlono ! ' ' ' Vory woll. Thon your ongago- mout had bottor bo announood without dolay, and you must lot mo play tlio part of father to you,' ho added, lciiidly.' ; ' Itomombor, your own fattier i was at one time my dearest ; friend, and it will bo a groat, plea sure to mo to do anything I can for ' his child. You abali bo married from Tho Mount at tho samo tiino as Miss Winter, and yon will allow mo . to makp ;,you pi present' of your - trous- : seauf ' ' Lottico attempted somo romon- etranco, but an : oxprossion of suoh pnincamo.on Sir Wilfrod's fnco that : shooonsed immodiatoly. , Aftor all, it woiild bo ungracious to rofuso his qjEEorod kindness. ; ' Very »woll, my donv, thon that isl . ; settled, '"said tho Baronet, patting hor hand in a paternal fashion, ' and now . I will go and break tho nows to my ' sistor-in-law ! ' After ho loft lior Lottico sat trom- bljjpjgwjtli it ,vnguo; oxpcotntion, ;and' yot sho was vory\ happy, wildly, ..dolmously happy in. Hnbort's lovo. If only Maroia woro horo to share hor . joy- ' ' - ' ' ' Her musings woro put an end to by . v the entrance of Lady Alicia nttired in; a' " wliito oambrio morning dress, trimmed with the softest and finest of Yaloncionnos lnco, and bows. of pnlo hluo'- ribbon that contrasted charm ingly with hor pink and whito com plexion. . ' ,'Lot,ine congratulate you, donr.Miss Kuflord;"' sho said, sweetly, holding . forth ono small wliito hand, that oven 1 now flashed with goins. 'Mybrotlier- in-lawi has just boon telling mo of V yPnr ' -dngngomoiit anil spoody' mav- riago. I rovol in weddings. You .. nnist'.;hllo\v ino to llolp you in - gottirig ».yonr troussoau, and I liopo y.ou will look upou mo as a friend ! ' Lottico was atunzod at this chango . of front, and at first inclined to rospond rathor coldly to Lady Alioia's advancos.- Sho-couidnot unddrstand such a sudden friendliness, but as itho days wont on, nud my lady still con- tiuuod to showor upon hor ovory kind of affoctionato nttonliou, sho camp to tlio conclusion that sho had misjudged "... tho pretty littlo woman, and that \- Lady Alicia was really possessod of a warm hoart uudor lior frivolous ox- torior. , \- - "Hubort, too, was slightly astonished, hut infinitely delighted that things lntd adjusted themselves comfortably. ' Ho.supposod Lndv Alicia's caprico for himsolf had died a natural death under tho shock of his words, and ho was grateful to lior for hor sub sequent behaviour. WV / . ' Wo all mnko mistakes somotimosj.' : . she said to mm, signihcantly ; 'but tho | boat thing wo can do to rotriovo . them is to forgot thorn altogether.' , I'-I quito agree. , For my part they bury themsoivos in oblivion,' ho an- swored. in tho snmo tone, and sho v knew this was n tacit promiso that her indiscretion would bo kept a profound \- secret hetwoon them. Tho young mnn nddod his entreaties \- to Sir Wilfrod's that Lottico would fix tho? samo wedding day ns Violet's,' and sho consented. Ho was at Tho . ,r ' Mount every day now. and Lady Alicia nrrangod , that tho ohildron should havo thoir lossons quite 'early,, and thon bo delivered ovor to tho ft' Fronoh . maid, so ns to loavo their .govornoss froo for tho rest of tho day. 1 ' . .This was only one oxnmplo of her1 thoughtful kindnoss. Even Violet "Winter, who had becomo quito inti- 1 . mate with Lottico since hor ongago- monti was less affoctionato in her miinnor than Lady Alicia. JBut perhaps that wns bocnuso Violet herself was not in good spirits. As.' hor wodding day drew near sho / grbjv.'palor and quiotor, and spent ! 'v' . v more of her time in lior own room. 'A,.'-"" Sir Wilfred watchod lior with : r It'-Vv' anxious nttontion, but consoled himself with tlio rofibotion that all girls be como subdued just boforo the grout ovoht of thoir lil'u is to'tnlco phicn. That; wns iudood n happy timo for Lottico — a timo on which oho looked hack in tho miserable aftor years with passionate rogrot. Very ofton Hubort drove lior out, nnd somotimes tlioy would wandor nbout tho grounds at, Tho'Mount, making plans for tho future with tho dolightful confidonco of young lovo. ' How is it you won't como over nnd soo tho Grange?' ho nskod, playfully, ono afternoon, iwhon ho and sho woro. sitting togothor uudor' tlio sluido of n walnut troo, woll out of .viow of Tlio Mbuut" 'windows'. ' Sho colourod rntlior- guiltily, niid lipkdd to piccos n roso sho took ffoiii for holt. .... «''.I jboliovo,' continuod the young mrtni1 laughing, nud possessing himsplf of hor hand, roso and all, ' you must linvo soon a ghost, tliat afternoon you' took sholtor thoro !' . 'I boliovo I did.!' sho returned, gravely, -hut sho did not give any furthor explanation of lior words. 1 Tho fact is I took n prejudice against tho liouso. It lookod so gloomy nnd desolate that tho vory roniombranco of it niakos mo sliivor !': .'.'Thon, I suppose, you will declino tci livo thoro aftor wo aro married ?'... ' That will bo ns you like. If you wish mo to do so, of oourso I shall,', she nnsworod, swootly. ' ' v. Ho bout down and lcissod tlio slim, whito hands ns tlioy lay in his. . 1 1 Bhnll novor attempt to persuade you of anything that you don't like, my. darling ! Wo will iivo in London for a littlo whilo aftor wo are mdrfidd, and thon wo onn look about for another country rosidonco.' ' Shall you soil tho Grango ?' ' Oh, no ! It has boon tho seat of my family for so many years that; I should liato tho idoa of its pnssing into a stranger's hands. I)o you know.'Lotty, I. am vory proud of my namo nnd my ostatos. For throo liniulrod yonrs thoro Iiavo boon Ellos- . moras of Ellosraoro, and oyer sineo my babyhood I havo boon taught to ro- ,gard myself as tlio last ropresontativo .of tlio old namo and future owner of tli'o estates. It would almost break !my lipart if l hnd to part with them ;; but,, of courso, tliat is impossible !' ho nddod, bfoakiug off with "a short laugh. . , Prosontly ho continued,— ' Tho ostatos aro not entailed— and that is a mistake. All big. properties, 'ought to pass- from father, to' son. If IMiss Ellosmoro had wished she could linvo loft-ovorything away ;froni rmb— nti'dp hy ' Jovo ! so'motimos th'o idoa ' flnsliod across mo. that it was quito on itho: onrds ; slip ' might ' do! so. Sho. rosolutoly-.rofusod.to- boo mo, and .no sort of comniunicntion ' Ovor , passed : . botw'eou us— porhnps sho,i-hatod mo bocniisp I was hor hoir.' . Thoro wnsq short silonco— tli o suh- jdot was ono on whiph Lotty.'dared not nllow hoi'Solf ! to . spoak. -. Somotimos sho wishod; Hubert kknoiv ovory thing, hiid yot o,h'.thd pthbr' hand,. 'slio wns award liowtho kuowlddgo would gall ; Kim. ' , \ y . V 'Whdri'tho young girl- was dressing for dinner- that: niglitk-fpr- telio dinod with tho family ovory day now— sho wont to a small box- , wlioro ' sho' 'kopt1' all' hor littlo articlos ot valuo— lottors, photographs,' and duch few prnamonts, as sho. possessed. She wanted to - find h bmall poarl broooh.f which sho per fectly woll romomherpd to -havo plnced iii tho left-hand corner of tlio ,box. To lior surprise; it was not thoro, hut, aftor alittlo rummaging, she discovered itontaiiglod in some lace, that had boon hor motUor'e. nnd that was oh thoriglit hand 'sido of tlio box. Lottico was puzzlod and a-, littlo: startled, for tho conviotion forcod itsolf iipbh ' ,ho'r : that soraoouo ' had. booh ni'pddlihg with lior" things. Yes, she wns suro of it, for two or throe' articlos in tlio drow'dr in which tlio box wns kept woro disnrrnngod. Tho curious part- of it was that both drawor nnd box worp lockod, and tho koy had hovor. loft hor pooket, so that tho' unknown invostigator must havo gono to tho troublo of procuring skeiotou koys in order to opou tho locks.' ' Hor trunk,, too, hnd boon senrqhpd, biit it Avns by. no ordinary tliiof, '-.for not a singlo thing was missing. - Disturbed sho cortainly was, ; hiit'. alio uindo no montion of tho ocourrbiico . downstairs. Doubtless ono of.', 'tho Borvants.hnd boon indulging a -yuignr, curiosity; , in tho hope, porhnps, ; of rending -Hubert's lovo lottors. ; ; i ; Tho next day Lady Alicia an nounood hor intention of going to London to order somo of the neoessary things for tho double wedding. ' You oan oomo with mo if you like !' sho said, nodding to Violet and Lottico, but tlioy noithor of them availed tliora. roIvob of tho invitation, as perhaps my- lady lfad forosoon. 'I prof or '-to do all my Chopping through tho post,' ' obsoryod Mi'ss Winter, languidly. 'It is, much, loss troublo, and equally satisfactory, Shops aro so horribly tiring! ' '. ; ' I havo novor boon in a big shop in any life I said Lottico smiling. ' I often woridor what tlioy aro lilco.' " ' ' You had hotter go to town with Lady Alicia thon, and soo! ' ' i ' Sho will havo' plenty of opportune- ties after; sho is married,' laughed Lady Alicia. 'I believe Hubert is going to take her to Paris lirat-Tr-tliiat torrostrial paradise of shops.' . ' For my part, I like tho London' t shops infinitely bottor,' obsoryod Violot, cnrolossly. ' ' That is hooauso you prido yoiirsolf on boiug Englisli to tho bnokbouo. . Now, I don't pretend to bo patriotic, and thovoforo I havo no hesitation in giving Franco tho palm. However, I am willing to oxoouto any commis sions in London -for oithor of yoii1,' nodding to tho two bridos olept. . . Lottico had no commission to givo. Sir Wilfred had tondoroil hor a ohoqiio for livo hundred pounds, but sho- had hopii so startled at tho amount that ho liad laughingly taken it hack and., pincod.it in tlio hands of his sister-in- law with instructions that sho should oxptgul it on tho young girl's trous soau ns sho thought best. Lady Alicia had undortakon tlio commission with tlio airiest good humour, nnd had had pnttorns without number down from all tlio big shops. , Lottico said to lior onco, 'I am suro I don't know what I havo dono to dosorvo your kindnoss ! ' /Lady Alioia lookod at her rather koonly. 'That is just tho point,', sho re turned, with on ehigmntioal smilo. ' You liavo dono a grant deal mora than you know, and iillthokindiiGss.it is in my power to show you would npt roquito it! ' Of courso Lottico fnilod to soo tho point of this remark, but sho put tho faiiuro down to hor own stupidity. Tilings wont on just as usual dur ing tlio ahsonco of tho lady of tlio houso, hut tlio day boforo sho' was oxpoctod homo, nu incidont happonod thnt mado Lottico vory uncomfortablo. Sho had gono up to Miss Winter's drassing-rooin and knocked at tlio door. Finding no answer givon, sho oponod it and . poopod in to -soo whothor Violot was thoro. Yos, boforo a chair, hor arms lying aoross tho cushions, and lior hoad , rosting upon thorn, ill an attitudo of profoundost misery, thoyoung girl was kneoling. Her fnco was hidden, but doop sobs liroko from hor lips, sobs so' full of anguish, that Lottico s heart : was stirrod'to its depths with pity. Kneeling down by Violet's side, sho drew i hor hoad on lior' shoulder, whispering; tho while all tho. soothing consolations sho could think of. That it was no ordinary sorrow which wits' pressing on hor companion she knojv,, but sho did not troublo hor with questions until sho had grown .calmer. Then sho said, — , ... s ; „ 1 ' 'Havo you had.any bad nows?' V.iolot shook hor,, head. Usually, calin nnd solf-eontninbdsliik had for, on oo broken down; and. tho neod for sympnthy wob strong within hor. l i 'No, but I am vory.'uhUnppy'.: So unlinppy that: I wish I could dio ! ' ; . > ' ' Ybu wish to dio. - You, who in-1 a few woeks' .timo will boa bride!' ro- po'ated Lottico, in nmazdinorit. ' Violot dro iv hor lirdnth sharply and.olonohed hor lmnds togothor. : . '.i 'Oh!' sho oxclaiinod, iiivoluutarily'.'' ' If I woro only going into a cohvont' instead of ko tho altar Lottioo was silbht for a foiv seconds from sheer i.ourpriso, .. Sho. .still, hold- thoamail. cold hands,; and was chafiug thorn gontly. . : 'i . ;; I ' But if j'ou fool lilco this, why don't- .you, braakr , off your ougago- mont ? ' sho asked,; .at length. \- 'Because I diiro , . not. . . Bocauso whdteybf ' hnppons I..'miist koop my socrot"! .' ' was- tho, .incohbront roplyj/ and ouoo mora 'Violot broko into a storm of sobs. Prosontly she, driod hor oyos and mado ono suprome off ort.to recover hor bblf-control. .'V- - ' j : 'Thoro!'" sho said -witli a 'faint amile,- ;! 'dm. bottor dnow.- :-All right, - iu fact, nnd-I shan't offond in 'this1 way ' again, r supposb wo nll 'tako loavo of our sonsbs ' occasionally, and wo m.nbidiMwiible.'ifqi what wo say at sucn insane intorvais. j4.;or\ getJj'iny ".foplishnoss,, Lbtty ''dbar,\and ' boliovo ' inoV- it .'was only : ;a passing caprico!'. . But'Miss"WinW,. if this m'arridgb is distastoful(tqyoui pray— pray don't, allow' it to " take , place! ' '-.oxblaiihod Lottico, eaynestlj;.;..; ;' .1.; ' / Violet iriado a;.;gestui;0 of: impa-, tionco. i, - t — r.. : 'Butit is not digtastofultomo. 'I' wish to marry, Odptain d-AldHain. I' will- marryi hiui;!,.;' .'You- dbii't iindbr- stand ! ' ' .-' ... . ; alono; and Lottico. won't' away) confess- . ing that she did not understand.' . Puzzling lior brain over tlio matter, slio"a't lastciuuo to tlio conclusion that Violot must bo in lovo with Pogiiiald, while sho doubted his <own lovo for 'hor. " Poor girl 1 This would at onco explain' hor misery 'audhor dpsiro. at all hdziird8 to hocomo his wife. The'- '-next day - Lady Alicia 'oamo-' baok.K-and, tho. preparations for tho .double- wodding woro hurriod on.; Never hti'd' Lady Alicia boon so bright , so gay, so arainbib.' TJnfortu'iiately, .two days aftor ho'r return homo, she ,liad a' loiter from her only 'brother,,; who w'as at Nice; tolling her ho was ity and in trouble, and begging hor to go1, to.liiin. ... . . 'How ban I go?' sho oxolaimod 'piteously to Hubert, who olinucod to bo, oiirm'tbe gtirdon when she was read ing tho. letter. ' Thoro is so much to ho.clouo nt homo just now, nnd noithor oi tuo two ; giris novo suincienc ex- porienoo, to..- direct affairs properly. And-yot l enn't boar tho idoa of poor Ernest being thoro all by himsolf ! Nb/dbijb't-'ho has beon'gotting into dobt, gambling at that horrid place Monte.Ciu'lo, aiid ho wants mo to put hiiri straight. ' AYliat can I do ? ' : Hor distress was so groat that Hubort', ,s heart was moved to pity. Ho know 'Ernest Molyiionx n littlo, and calling'tb.ihiiid tho fact that aftor all Lndy Alioia lmd .. b.ohavod oxtromoly woll'.'siuoo that unfortunate sconb in tho boudpir, ho , decided to saprifico , hiivisolf 'in lior' sorvico. ' . .'Look horo,- Lady Alicia, , lot mo go , foryou.. If Ernost is. really soriously ill I can wiro for you to oomo; but if it is only ' a 'm'oiioy difficulty, why,. I daresay \yo can put .it right without giving you the troublo of tho journoy,' ' You ! : It is awfully, good of you to proposo it, but I really don't think I liavo any. riglit .to take adyantiigo of j'bur kindnoss.' ' There is' uo special kindnoss in volved. Of courso I shan't like leav ing Lettico) but I '.oan bo back within, a. week;,. besides, , you,- hnyo boon sp good, you know, that I should lilco to do somothing for you in: roturn ! ' . . ...- 