A Painstaking Max?— A dentist. Startling t igttees.— Ghosts, A souse may pull with all his might, bu€ never with his mane. Ancient Fkmalk : 44 How much would 'you take me fori"' 'Cute Photographer : "About four-aud-twenty, mum." He got the job. - A poet asks: 44 What is warmer than % woman's love?" We infer that he never picked up a newly-coined horseshoe fresh from the forge. Magistrate: 11 If I let you off this time will you promise not to come back here again ?" PriBonsr: 44 Yes, sir. The fact is, I didn't come voluntarily this time." He (very tenderly): 44 Darling, you are the only girl lever loved." She (coquettishly): 44 Oh, pshaw! You can't imagine now much fun you have missed," He Needed It.— "I look like a tramp, ma'am," he said, 44 but I ain't. I'm a sailor, ma'm. I was wrecked and washed ashore.' 44 You ain't been waebed since, Til wager," said the unsympathetic woman. t You say I was born in London pa. Where was mother born?" 44 In Dublin." 44 And where were you born, pa ?" 44 Iu Gloucester." 41 It's very strange, pa, isn't it, that we three should have metr'" He: "Mildred, will you be my wife r" Sher 44 Well, not to-day." He: 44 Oh, Mildred, how can you speak so flippantly?" She: 44 Flippantly ? How do you suppose I could possibly be your wife to-day V I should want atleast two weeks to get ready in." a young dandy, from tbe town, once made the acquaintance of a pretty and lovely milk maid, and being greatly enamoured with her charms, bo went to the farmhouse where dwelt his divinity, for the purpose of seeing her. Not knowing the fair creature's name— for, like all flirts, she had given him aome half-dozen different ones— he asked the eoux-looking man who was stacking manure in the yard, 44 How's the milk maid?" Tbe man did not think he was referring to Mary, the milkmaid, hut only meant fooling him, so he replied, 44 My young buck, us don't make our milk— us gets it from tbe cows." AFejonike Paradox.— Mudge : 44 What a Saradox woman is r" Wickwire: 44 You— on't— say?" Madge: 44 Consider her foot, for instance. The larger it is, the less it appears." Fob a Pubfosb.— Mr. Feeder: "This vest wants to be a little larger around the waist, Schneider." Schneider : 44 But it fite you per fectly now, sir." Mr. Feeder: 44 1 know it fits all right now, but I am ordering this suit to wear at dinners!" Shall Pbospzcts in Life.— 44 What did Miss Shortsleeve say when you asked her for her hand?" 44 She asked me how I made a living." 44 And you said"— 44 With my brains." 14 And what did she say?" ,4I hadn't capital enough." He Wasn't a Chip oe thb Ocld Blocs.— Mr. Flanagan: 14 Oi don't know phwat Oiwnli do wid me bye Micky. Faith, he's a bad young spalpeen." Mr. O'Rourke: 4 4 Phwat hez be been afther doin'V" Mr. Flanagan: 44 Sure he kim home last noight rolliu' a bfer keg that he'd ethole from the ealooa av the Doolchman Levant." Mr. O'Rourke : Sure, be'e a clirer bye, is Micky." Mr. Flanagan: 44 That's phwat Oi thought, an' Oi was u«t aftber tellin' him he wuz a chip av the ould block, when Oi dis- civered the keg wuz amply." Mr. O'Rourke: 44 Oi hope ye tached him a lesson for thavin' F' Mr. Flanagan: 44 Begobs, Oi think he's a howl in' yet from the bastin' I give him." Anothbb View of It.— Hunker: 44I wish I had courage enough to propose to Soe and end my misery." Spatts: 44 That might not end it." Hunker: 44 How's that?' Spatts: 44 She might accept you." bbidal fakczes. Married in white, you have chosen all right; Married in gray, you will go far away ; Married in black, you wilt wish yourself back; Married in red, you will wish yourself dead; Married in green, ashamed to be seen ; Married in blue, he will always be true ; Married iu pearl, you will live in a whirl ; Married in yellow, ashamed of your fellow; Married in brown, you will live out of town ; Married in pink, your spirit will sink. BELINDA. >, TThehMuns "1 fromheav'nto light ' Her looks are not more Tair. - - Bat, ah, by one sad doubt I'm tortured evermore— Are those bright tresses aUherown, Or purchased at the store? Belinda'a smile is sweet ; The gems her lips display , — When in that smile they part and meet No art can e'er portray, But, oh, I long to know— fm on despair's dark border - ' Those pearly teeth — oh, did they grow, Q; w«re they made to order? A CASE XN rOINT. HuBbaud: "Now, here's a thing, Nellie; that I wish to ask your opinion about. I am reading some items of philosophy hero and one of these items eta tee that there is a fool in every family. What do you think of that?" Wiie: 44 Well, yon lost twenty dollars at poker the other night, as you confessed to me ?" H.: 44 Yes, my dear.' ' 1 W. : And you buy what is called pools some times, in tbe expectation of making & groa " Well, that's a fact Bat what hast . thax to do with there being a fool in every W«Iam coming to It Now, you have left vour family —the family composed of yog brothers and sisters— you left your family when you married me. H. : " Ttiat'e correct. " . __ . W. : Well, there's no fool in your funay ; ""Then the husband fell iuto deep meditation, ' while the wife watched him out of the coiMrox her eye. — American. woman's changing fashions. When hoops w ere worn by woman fair, ; A nuisance they were found; - One ran against them every where, i The hoope were always round. _ -j When hoope went out, by somecracxeaorai. The bustle was designed, . .'/ -- And woman's fashions, it was plain, ' ' " Were getting quite behind. " . s The bustle also saw its day, Though to it they adhered Few years, and when it passed away The clinging dress appeared. And as it suited old andToung 'Twas worn without demur: To fashion woman loug had clung, - Now fashion clung to her__ . £ In time the traiu became the style, . And evcrv woman'Woroit. tz Jn fact, the'fashion for a while Swept everything before it. And thus tho years r.cw fashions bring ' j AThich flouriffi and decay; y: The corset it the only thing :> That ever camn to ctay. - 