THE MAILS.-Wo understand that on and after Monday inxt, the mail van' will run on the Bairnsdale line instead of to Sale as at present. CRATcs._--We understand that up to the 10th June the rates have been paid in a most satisfactory manner, and more money has been received by the collector up to that time than daring any previous year... :? CENTRAL RIDIoNG ELECTION.-The late shire engineer informs us' that he does not purpose seeking reinstatement in the position from which he lately resigned, he having other objects in 'view, so that such question need have no bearing upon the qualifications or intentions of any candidote at the forthcoming municipal election....:::? i CHANoEs.--Mr. Jas. Boyd, solicitor, has entered into partnership with Messrs. Serjeant and'Pace, aud will now.reside at Sale to manage.the.brxnch.of .their busi ness there. It will.be interesting to our lady readers to learn that Mr. Boyd was on Wednesday, married in Melbourne to Miss Flyni, and the happy pair passed through here en route for Sale on the same evening. EssENDoo POULTRY Show.-The follow ing Gippsland exhibitors were successful in carrying off prizes at the Essendon Poultry, Dog, Pigeon, and Canary Shov, held in the Kensington Skatiig Rinlk last week :-A. W. Milligan very highly com mended for dorking cock, third -for hen, and thirdfor bantam hea. WV..od' first ard 'specital for dark. brahma cock, ini first for light cock and hen. E. Marfield third for light brahma cock, flymouth rock very highly commended, ien highly commended. ' JW; . D. Robinion, wyan dotte cock very highly commended, first for ben, and:first, second, and third for Hamburg. ST. JAMES' CanUciz.-The preacher for next Sunday will be Mr. 3J Reid, of Yinnar,:- who is an exceptioially good speaker, and there is no doubh there will be a large attendance at the cltrrch. ''i . CCIDF.T.-On Wediiesdnay nieiht Mrs. J. l. llorle, while walkiugdown Franklin street, bursts varicose vein, and narrowly escaped bleeding to death. She was, how ever," fortonately able to get into Miss T'anner's hhol', and Drs. N1ontgomery and White beilg quickly sumonecd, managed to stop the bleeding. irs. llorne was afterwards carried round on a.stretcher tq her own house, and we are pleased to say she is progressing favorably. OaTrruAii.-Mr. J. S. Peters, Govern ment auditor for the Traralgon and other Gippsland Shires, who hlis been in the ] Gippsland Hospital for some time past, died in that institution early on Wednes day morning. He had been suffering from a severe attack of influenza, which ulti matalyncaused his death. Mr. Peters was a colonist of over 35 years' standing, and for a considerable time managed ia store in Upper M1affra. lie was 64 years of age at the time of his death, and leaves a wife and six children. LAND SALE.-We would again draw attention to the sale of land to be held at Messrs. SI'Lcan, Coates and Co's. office on Monday next, immediately after the cattle sales. The land is the property of Mr. Edward Timmins, and is situated about two miles from the Cowwar railway station. It consists of a little over 41 acres of first-class land, and has an ex tensive frontage to the Thompson river. CounccIt OF AGRICOLTUiAL EDUCATION. -Mr. George Graham announces in our advertising columns that he is a candi date for re-election as a member of this council. During his short term of office Mlr. Graham has been a live member, showing particular interest in the working of the colleges and improving the management. A very desirable and noteworthy addition to Dookie will be a largs orchard, whih s ito be thnlated with all the principal and useful varieties of fruit trees and vines, so- that practical instruction may be given in raisin mak ing, fruit-drying, canning, packing for export, &c.; He also claims to have been instrumental in obtaining the sanction of the Council to the establishment of a dairy college in the Gippsland district, where pupils will be specially instructed in dairying and the usa of separators, butter-workers, &c.; Voters must be particular to sign their ballot papers and return them by post to the returning officer, Sale, so that he may receive them not later than 12 o'clock on Thursday, 23rd June. Woan Foa ALL.-T-he following letter written by Mr. D. G. Carter, of William stown, appeared in the "Age ":--Sm, I crave a small portion of your valuable space in order that I may explain more fully our scheme for relieving the con gested state of the labor markets. As I have already pointed out, there is in South Gippaland a largo tract of first class land, containing some 40,000 acres, locked tp as a timber reserve, though, as a matter of fact, there is no timber having any commercial value upon it; and as it is covered with a dense scrub, it will be seen that it is a fruitful source of annoy ance to the adjoining selectors. Now, Sir, in my humble opinion, instea5 of the Government buying land to form village settlements, they should set on gangs of men to clear this land of scrub, enclose it with a wallaby proof fence, and let small blocks to the people, adding a clause in the lease that the tenants shall plant their holdings with black wattle and other quick growing timbels. If this were done the people-would be benefited, the tanning and other industries would receive a fresh impulse, and the' State in less than seven years would reap a large revenue from land which is at present worse than idle, as it is a standing menace to the bona fide selectors around it. Of course, 1 expect this scheme will receive adverse criticism, but I assert, as a practical bushman knowing the land well, that its growing capabilities are astound ing,, and that it is eminently adapted for the purpose indicated. Why, then, allow it to remain idle whilst hundreds are in want? MEETING - A meeting was held on' Wednesday evening, at the Traralgon railway station for the purpose of raising a subscription in aid of the widow and family of the late John Graham, who was killed on' the railway line on Saturday, 4th inst. Mr. Taylor occupied the chair, and it was decided to give concerts at Glengarry and Toongabbie, Mr. W. E. Gibson being appointed secretary. The following gentleman were appointed as a committee -Messrs. Taylor, Graham, Mtilligan, HIall, Gibson, Henden, Manning, Woodyatt, Walker, Bodycomb, Barden, Duncan, Woodruff, White, Mitchell and Schier. THE RISE IN THE PRICE OF MIEAT. Pretty nearly any pretext is good enough for a Melbourne butcher, it seems, and lately the ingenious brotherhood of the cleaver have accounted for hardening prices by the recently imposed stock tax. But, as a matter of fact, stock has not risen in price since the tax was enforced; rather the opposite has been the case. There were no sales of cattle on Tuesday, but somiewhat less than the usual number of sheep were disposed of at "lower rates than the previous week. And though the prices were lower, the market was inactive, showing very clearly that even at reduced rates the slaughterers werein no hurry to buy, and must have plenty of cheaper stock to kill and sell than could be bought at ruling. rates. In point of fact, those who know most about the trade say there should be no rise in the price of meat for some time at any rate, as most of the large buyers of stock made large purchases before the stock tax was introduced, anticipating thatafterwards they would have to pay higher prices. This (says the "Age") has had the effect of bringing about an ample supply for all demands, and, as shown by the market on Tuesday,' there is no anxiety on the part of buyers to purchase, even at lower rates. Con sequently, as so far. the, stock tat has not increased the price of stock, the' butcher has not, up to the present, any justifi cation for raising the price of meat. ,. AN ExPENssIvE KIss.-Alexander M'Kickin,is a young man who is evidently not suffering from the present depression. On MIonday he went to town blazing in all the, lustre of ;unaccustonied pocket. money, and forthwith proceeded to " do" the city as only a young maun' from" the country can. Following theusual custom, he visited a number of hotels, and as a consequence, after a time his spirits .rose and he saw matters in a different light to ordinary mortals. Whilst proceeding along Flinders street he espied a young married woman hurrying in the opposite direction; and when they drew level he threw his arms round her waist and imprinted a kiss on her lips. This extraordinary condict on the part of an utter stranger threw the lady into a great state of excitement, and she ran to hie nearest constable and in formed him of the occurence.' Th6 officer at once arrested this thief of :woman's charms on a charge of assault-At the City Court, next morning the Herald says M'Ilickin looked very downcast, and told the Bench that he thought he knew the lady. He would uot have done such a thing if hie had' beeii sobei.:' ThboBeici' inflicted a fine of £3, ini default' one mouth's imprisonment. A McEDIcAL Gosc.--In a new country like Victoria one wouldhave thought that haunted houses would be an impossibilit;y. There is scarcely a building in the country more' than 50 yeiirs old, and for a ghost to settle in a hboduse almost before the plaster is dry, is an idea so prosaic that even the ingenious' compiler, of Stead's true ghost stories would refuse to accept such a staitement as conclusivl proof of the fact. 'If persons only im agined they heard a ghost they would locate the sound in a more romantic place. Yet (says "' Table Talk ') thereare sundry people in' Melbourne ready to aver that the aIntelDr. GeorgelBencauey has taken..to revisiting the rooms he built for himself some five years ago in Collins- street. So long as Cromwell House wr.s empty the I ghost stole about unnoticed, but now that Dr. O'Hlara has put up his brass plate on the door lintol, and his surgical;instru ments in the consulting room, the ghost of the diamond doctor is averred- to pervade the rooms. Just about midnight the gaslier is heard to shake,as if some one were getting outof bed, then the bath tap sounds as if it were running, though when the door is open the tap is turned off and the bath dry. The mental impression of "a presence" is felt by the believers in the unseen on going into the late doctor's study, and altogether until the cock crows there is the uncanny sensition that the doctor is there, immaterialised, perhaps drinking irnmmaterialised champagne, tak ing immateralised guineas from ghostly patients, and altogether taking advantage of immaterialisation to amuse servant maids and enjoy himself in his old way." NEW JUSTICES.-Dr. Montgomery has been appointed a justice of the peace for Traralgon, and Messrs. W. Allen, Rose dale, and J. W. Brumaley Hinno Mutjie. NEW COACHBUILDING ESTaBLeSIeMENT next Milligan's, Princes-street. All des criptions of work done at Lowest Rates. Coachbuilding in all its branches. First class smith always on the premises.--J. 5MAYZE, Proprietor.-ADOT. J. Thompson, the economical under taker, and Cabinet Maker, Seymour-street Traralgon.--ADVT. At a meeting of the Yarram Butter Factory, held on Monday an interim dividend, often per cent was declared. A deputation .from Poowong waited upon the Minister of Education on Wed nesday and asked for the removal of the school to a. more central situation. Mr Peacock promised to obtain a report. Saddles'acid Harness.-Beforo purchno ing elsewhere call on F. A. Shiells, Seymour.street, near West's blacksmith's shop. Good Value. Reduction for Cash. Repairs well done.-[ADVT.] 1Mr..Sampson, a visitor from Sydney, was assaulted and robbed in the Fitzroy Gardens at 12 o'clock midnight on Mon day night. . He was knocked down, rendered insensible and robbed of £144 in money and a gold chain valued at £16. Duringn thunderstorm which passed over a large district in Spain on Sunday, two churches were struck by lightning while the service was being held. The edifies sustained great damage, and fifteen mem bers of the congregations were killed, thirty others being injured. A man named James Pasquette, a Cor sican, was killed by a fall of five cwt. of earth at the Princess Dagmar mine, Eagle hawk, on Wednesday morning, and an other named J. James, had his thigh broken. The two had jdst gone to work on the day shift half an hour before the fall which was occasioned by a greasy back. The question sometimes presents itat self to one :--Where can I get the best Fruit and Forest Trees, FloweringShrubs, .Rose Trees and Garden Plants of all kinds ? Mr. R. D. Lawrenson, Seymour street, Traralgou, is agent for one of the best Nurseries in the Lilydale district, and will be glad to send on orders for the coming season.--(ADVr.) An accident of a very painful nature oc curred'at Carrajung on Saturday last toa young man named Coe, who was felling timber whena limb fell upon him break ing his leg in two places. Intimation of the accident was (says the " Standard ") sent to Dr. McCarthy, who at once pro ceeded to the scene of the accident, and the sufferer was conveyed to Yarram, where he is progressing favorably as can be ex pected. A deputation from Korumburra waited on the Acting Commissioners on Tuesday morning for the purpose of inducing them to erect refreshment rooms there instead of at Leongatha. The Commissioners, after listening to the arguments of the deputation, said that it was not to follow because their predecessors approved of Leongatha and Foster that they would adopt them. Itseemed that Korumburra, on the summit of the range, had better claims than Leongatha, and the Com missioners promised to inquire into the matter. 