ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE ORANGE MEETING AT EAST MAITLAND. (To m EäUor of the Maitland Mercury.) 8m-My attention has been called to a lett« Bigned « Fair Play» in your issue of the SS?honour, and I make it not because the X ?B worthy of. notice, but only that an oíportum'ma'ybe afforded of etatmg facts in connection with a great subject. My friend Mr. Jesse?, my colleague at the Orange meeting at East Myland, and my «If will be happy to meet "Fair Play «/ fny Ser gentleman he may Belect to debate 2f question raised by his letter in pubac mUSag, or we will be happy to meet any two oentlemên he may be able to secure for the fnrpose. I make this alternative offer out E to «Fair Play," as judging, by the style and character of his letter, he IB acaree one who would be able to do even moderate iuBtice to any cause he might espouse. J Youre truly, ¡ NICHOLAS B. DOWNING. Sydney, AuguBt 11,1892. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIB,-I notice in your columns that some creature who must be ashamed of his name has been trying to throw his dirty ando on the Orange concert held in East Maitland. He sayB Orangemen are not loyal to the Queen. Where has he got bia Irish rubbish that was spun in his grandmother's dayB or in the days of Brian Bora? It ia ao threadbare and rotten. Why, Orangemen are the brightest gem in the Queen's diadem or in her Crown. I have never known Orangemen to join in any rebel league of Home Bule for Ireland. I now aak " Fair Blay" which truly is the rebel-the Orange or the Green ? I don't know what he means by bia bye word " Go to Hell or to Connaugh," unless it ia that they are BO much alike it makes no difference which of them be H»ea in. He Bays the South of Ireland ia more ignorant than the North. Well, that waa their own fault : they were offered education from the National Board, and would not have it ; in fact any father who sent his gossoons to school was punished for doing ao by a claas : he may guess who I mean. Certain they preferred Faddy Burna* style of teaching : Paddy was a schoolmaster and man of great know- ledge : Behind a thorn hedge in a bog he had his college ; He could tell the moon's ago, play shuffle the brogue, and could bleed, And could learn gossoons to whistle just as well as read. " Eair Play" says the South of Ireland ia poorer than ÍJlBter in the North. Well, that is easy accounted for: while the men in Ulster are weaving their linen cloth in the winter seasons, in the anowy time of the year, and making money to pay their rents, the men of the South are going about from one neighbour's house to another telling the spal- peen? about ghostB, fairies, witches, and ban- shees, and about their grandfather's stick how many skulls it broke in such and auch a fair ; the more it broke the more value is put on the black-thorn stick. This is the differ- ence between Ulster and Connaught. I am a native of Ireland, and acquainted with their wayB. If this stick had a tongue it would tell yo« some tales How it battered the countenance of the O'Nalea ; It made bits of skulls fly about in the air ; It was the promoter of fun at the fair. Sure O'il swear by the toe nails of Moses It often broke bridges of noses Of the party that dare to oppose us, Our grandfather's black-thorn stick. Sir, please give this a place in your columna. WILLIAM TYE. Paterson, Aug. IO', 1892. 