THE , 1 OLD HOUSE OF DUNTHiilM, A Study in Psychology. BY GORDON STABLES, M.D., R.N. CHAPTER III.— Continued. "Married and back to Duntheim. Neigh bors called at first, as in -duty bound, but they soon dropped off. We had few invita tions out. I was no longer invitod to picnics and balls ; I was no longer eligible. "At this seeming slight I was happy atid pleased. Did it not give me more of Una's sweet society. I went nowhere at home without her. Not even to the hill, and much of our time was sv»cnt on the beautifulTiver or by its green and flowery banks. "Edwin came periodically. Un business connected with my estates I had to absent myself for a f.ow days every month, and Edwin was always at Duntheim then. This arrangement pleased me ; I could not bear the thoughts of my young wife being left entirely alone. Blind fool that I was ! Mad man ! Edwin was on the eve of some great electrical discovery that should revolutionise the Bcicnee of war. Want of funds was his only drawback. Experiments were expen sive. Yet for Una's brother what would I not have done? So I opened wide my purse- strings, and Edwin never left tho old house of Duntheim with empty pockets. "One year passed away; two years. No child had coine to bless our union. Edwin must have had many thousands from me. "And still he came. But now I began to notieo that Una was paler and more pensive than of yore, and that tho visits of Edwin Bccincd to worry and annoy her. " 4 It is for your sake, dearest,' she told me, for Edwin, I fear, is improvident and rash, and you are so good— oh, so good !' " She burst into tears, and I hastened to comfort her. But she must see a medical inan ; I insisted on that. I, myself, should go to town and bring him down at any risk and any expense. So on this mission I de parted, with the intention of being back iu two days time. 41 But 1 felt ill at case. Coming events cast their shadows before. I left Sir Reginald Rheum to follow on, and next; evening I was at the village soon after sunset. Not being expected there was no one to meet me, but the night was fine and atarrv and I determined to walk homo through the woods alone. 44 1 reached our east lawn at last. Tho casement window of the best sittingroom was wide open aud I could hear voices in angry contention. Trembling like an aspen leaf, I cautiously approached % and peered in through the foliage of a climbing rose bush. . 44 In the centre of the room stood Una, her form erect, her hands clenched, her eyes flashing, her very teeth showing anger. 4 4 4 1 tell you it shall not be,' she was say ing, 4 1 shall no longer be your slave. Curse you where you stand, you shall not. I love nim. I love him.' 4 4 4 You defy inc?' he hissed, 4I can ruin you.' 44 4 Ruin me! Fiend, you have already mined me ; but I bid you beware. Come but here again and you — shall — repent it, briefly, but forever.' 4 She hurried quickly out of tho room. 44 Edwin's face was ashy pale. Ho shook his clenched fist at the door by which Una had retreated, and I felt I could have, throttled him ou the spot. 4 4 4 She-fiend! Devil!' lie cried. 4But bitterly shall you rue your devilment.' 44 Then he liurricd out by the casement, brushing so closely past me, I could have seized uud choked iulu, as my fingers itched to do. 44 1 loitered for fully half an hour in the garden, then advanced to tho house by the hall door. Una was in tears, as I expected she would be, but she rushed into my arms and sobbed as if her very heart would break. 4 4 4 Don't ever, ever leave mo again,' she cried, 4 1 shall go mad if you do.' " I knew she loved me then, but alas ! my joy has turned to Dead Sea fruit, and I felt that my happiness was soon to end, and that ere long I should bo once more alone. 44 A whole month passed by, and Una was beginning to recover something of her old gaiety and cheerfulness. We had chosen the turret chamber not only for our sittingroom par excellence, . but even for our bedchamber. It was so light and airy both morning and evening, aud we were high above all tho de pressing gloom of the trees. 44 Hither we had brought our musical in struments and our favorite books, and even when the winds howled aud raved around the houso, with the red curtains drawn aud bright fire burning iu the grate, the room was snug and comfortable in the extreme. 44 1 had never mentioned a word to Una about the scene in the red sittiugroom, to which I had been au unwilling witness. Why should I vex her ? 44 One evening, not fooling over well, I had retired early to rest, leaving Una reading at the escritorc. 1 had fallen into a deep sleep from which I awoke refreshed after a few hours. 44 Una was gone ! 44 1 thought little of this, and must have dozed again, wakening after a time with the sound of the openiug door. Una stood there, her face as pale as tliat of a ghost, her eyes unearthly bright and her hair dishevelled. 44 1 spraug out of bed. 44 'Something has frightened you, child?' I exclaimed. 44 Yes.' she muttered, 4 1 have been down in the drawingrooin. I was looking out of the casement, when near the clilT, I heard a cry and. saw a light. I — I — ' 44 Then she fainted, audi laid her gently on the bed, forgetting my own pains in my dis tress for her. 44 Next clay was an eventful ono. Una was in a burning fever. Nor did she recover complete consciousness for weeks. 44 Towards the afternoon 1 strolled out with my favorite do, unconsciously taking the little pathway tluit wound around a portion of the eliir top. The dog was on ahead, when suddenly I noticed him pause and sniff tho air ; then lifting his head he gave vent to a howl, so dismal that it chilled my very blood. 44 1 rushed forward. 44 God help me, what was this ! Edwin stretched on nis back, his sightless eyes up turned to tho sky, and all about him a pool of blood and swarms of buzzing flies. " I thanked Heaven then, that Una was , ill and that to a great extent her mincl was a blank as regards everything that was going on around her. This was so at most times, but always towards evening she used to awake, us if from a dream-troubled sleep, and gazo for a time bewilderedly arouud her. 44 1 spent all the time I could spare by licr bedside, and not ouly did I bring medical 'advice from London, but tho best nurse I could procure. 44 4 Would it bo advisable,' I asked tho doctor, 1 to tell my wife now of her brother's death ?' 44 1 knew before I put the question what his answer would be, but I desired to lighten my own responsibility ; for the weight upon my mind was indeed a heavy one. 44 And what of Edwin ? 44 Was this death of his murder or was it suicide? "An answer to the question was forth coming at the court soon holdcn, after tho authorities had been communicated with. But this case was undoubtedly a puzzling one. 44 It was I, myself, who had first found the body. Hoping against hone that life might not yet bo extinct, I had hastily summoned assistance ; my men-servants carried poor Edwin to a lower room and laid him on a bed: then medical aid was speedily obtained. 44 Yes, life had fled. 44 In that lower room, on a dark July fore noon, tho members of tho court of investiga tion assembled, but not to sit. No, for I soon discovered that I had erred in bringing the body from tho spot whero I had found it. 44 So back we bore the ghastly burden to that cliff top, and by my own hands it was placed in the very position in which it had previously lain. It was a sickening duty, but it had to be performed. 44 All tho information 1 could give I volun teered without hesitation. 44 My wife had been startled by a terrible cry, and after that all was still. 4 My domestics had heard nothing, and, indeed, wcro nil in bed. But did not that very cry which had so alarmed Una prove that assault and murder must have been committed ? Those who commit suicide die and ive no sign. 44 Yet ou this question, strangely enough, tho court wero divided in opinioii. It was not an actual proof of murder having been committed, several of tliem averred, that tho deceased had been heard to scream. It might bo but tho cry of despair which urged tho wretch to do tho fatal deed. 44 Another fact which surely pointed rather to murder than to suicide was that no weapon was found near tho body. "But some of tho jury declared that many an instance had been recorded of suicides pitching knife or poison cup far from them as soon as it had been used. 44 Besides, if murder was really committed, what was tho raison d'etre 't Absent iu this case surely. No ono in tho old houso of Duntheim boro tho unfortunate man any grudge. 44 Was ho not loved by all ? Even the do mestics respected and liked him. 44 Nor could plunder huvo been the motive for murder, if murder there really had been, for his money and valuables wcro left un touched. Nor was there tho least evidence anywhere of a struggle having taken place. 44 The body, too, had been found lying at tho cliff top, over which a knife could cosily lmve been thrown by the feeble hand of evefl a dying man. " A verdict of felo- de-se was, therefore, brought iu by the court, for Edwin, it was proved, had been in sad pecuniary trouble, and really fleeing from justice, 44 And so lie was laid in his grace in a little copse cl«>«e by the banks of the Wye, form no holy ground could his remains be per mitted to rest. t 44 But the mystery remained, and though it might be forgotten by all,, it never could be by inc. 44 1 fool," this strango manuscript ran on, " I have little strength left me to write more, so down the curtain must drop on the last and most fearful act in this my sad life drama. " Una for long weeks had been so low and depressed that 1 had feara for her voiy reason. Long fits of weeping would bo suc ceeded by hours of apparent listless apathy and silence, during which she would ait in tho easy chair apparently seeing nothing, hearing nothing. She gently repelled all my advances too, nnd most endearing attempts to cheer her up elicited no response. 44 Ah !" well do I remember the silent moon lit night in autumn. 1 remained longer below than usual, to nurse my grief. Una, I thought, might he in lied and asleep before I returned to the turret chambers. How silent the house was 'everywhere as I wont slowly up the stairs towards the tower ! Tho servants, even Una's maid, had long since retired, and through the tall narrow windows the light crept in like sheeted ghosts. 44 A strange and unaccountable' feeling of fear took possession of my heart, and hardly had I courage enough lo open the chamber door. " Una was seated in the easy chair. She was dressed in some light gauzy material, and never had she looked more beautiful as she rose aiul confronted inc. " I advanced. 44 1 would have taken her in my arms, but her lifted palm forbade. 44 Although her language was simple and her words brief, there was a dramatic force in them and in her every action that held mo spellbound. She talked very quietly, but in a voice that was O, so tired, so weary. 44 4 1 am going on a long journey, husband/ she said, 4 and I have that lo say to you, it had been better you'd known long ago." 4 4 4 A journey, Una, I — 44 Do nob interrupt mo, my time is very brief. I and Edwin have deceived you from the first. Ours was a plot — a conspiracy against you, against the kindest, dearest' heart that ever beat.' 44 The tears were streaming over her faco now. 4 Yes, it was Edwin who proposed it. Well, we looked upon you as a pigeon ripe to pluck, and all too easily did you fly into the net. Husband, can you forgive me and sometimes pray for your unhappy Una? Edwin was no brother of mine. I was at his mercy, as you were at ours. But O, husband, I learned to love you, and when I desired to be free from the accursed letters that bound me Edwin threatened to ruin mc. I was to continue to rob you or- be ex posed.' "She paused, and while I sank enfeebled into a ciiair, the cold sweat on uiy shaking knees, she touched a spring iu this very table and a blood-stained knife was exposed to view. 4 4 4 1 slew Edwin.' she- said, smiling now, 4 I'm glad I slew Euwin.' 44.4 Una,' I cried, 4 can this be true?' 44 She made no reply for a second or two ; then quickly advancing, she placed her fingers through my hair as she was wont to do in the days of old. 44 Theu she kissed my brow. 14 4 Goodby husband, dear husband.' 44 1 looked up, gasping. 44 1 tried to seize her, but she was gone. Gone through the little door that led to tho tower roof. All my energy returned now, and I dashed up after her. 44 Too late. "I gazed over the parapet, and with her kiss upon my brow, with her last fond words still ringing in my ears, with the touch of licr fingers still on my hair, I could see the flutter of her white garments in tho moon light as she fell down, down, down, over the cliil's to the brown river bcucath. Thus ended this strango manuscript. Thus v :\\-i told tile strange story of the olu house of - Duntheim. I am not superstitious, but I would not have stayed alone in that tower, another night for all tho gold in England's bank. 1 thanked Heaven that Jackson camehoine unexpectedly that evening. We read the story over again after dinner. 44 But," he said, 44 do you really think it was her apparition you saw the night before luSl- ?" 44 Jackson," I said, 44 1 do not. I am, you know, a student of psychology." 44 '.l licn how can you explain?" 44 Thus," isaid, 44 although I cannot now recollect it, without doubt 1 must have dis covered tho manuscript and read it before going to lied at all, and the rest was all a dream, created by the sad Story I had read." "But your naked footsteps on the turret roof?" 44 The result of somnambulism on my part, instances of which are not rare even in healthy individuals under certain conditions of cerebral excitement." " You medical men," said my friend, 44 must always find a matter-of-fact doorway to lead you to au explanation of every mystery, bat p 44 But, what, Jackson V" 44 But," be said, smiliim, as lie helped him self to tho walnuts, 44 there may be — mind you, I only say may be — more things iu Heaven or earth than wo dream of iu our philosophy," Thu Exp. 