A ROMANTIC STORY. The Paris correspondent of a Lon don paper relates the following : — The gossips of Paris are now just full of one of those romances in real life 011 which they love to dwell. Not lontr siL'o there died at Versailles on aged nobleman named Thiac, who en joyed the distinction of being the last admirer of Marie Antoinette, whose memory be worshipped up to his last day. The passage of another unfor tunate (,)ueeii through Paris a week ago has brought to light another similar case. Like the wife of Louis XVI., the Queen of to-day referred to has her anonymous admirer, whose love, although not attached to a shadow as was that of the late M. do Thiac, is none the less without hope, as will be seen from the details which follow, and for some time for which 1 am indebted to a writer in the Matin : It appears that about twelvemonths ago the Comte de P ? , a young nobleman of ancient family, gay good looking, and witty, possessing a large fortune, and, in addition, betrothed to a handsome young lady of title, sud denly deserted the fashionable mihois of which he was one of the most brilliant frequenters, and, without informing either his parents or friends, set out for :i long voyage. It was discovered that he had embarked at Marseilles for an unknown distillation, but that was all. Of the cause of his ahrupf departure nothing could he ascer tained. For several months he Wits the talk of the town, hut eventually Ik.' became forgotten, and it was only recently that his name again turned up in society. It now appears at the time when the papers were taken up with the conjugal misfortunes of the Queen in question, the count, like many other persons, followed with great interest the events which were happen- I ing in her country. Moved by a chivalrous sentiment he did not fail to espouse lier cause, which had aroused the sympathy of the French, lie made her acquaintance by means of the numerous portraits and bio graphies published of her. Hence it was that, when she was repudiated by her husband and .sought refuge in a foreign exile, the count., in a snirit of curiosity easy to understand, resolved to come across her in order to see for once in his life the unhappy Queen in whose fate he felt so much concern. After many attempts he at length met her at F'ontaincbleau one day when she was out ill an open carriage. The red costume which she wore accentuated the paleness of her fea tures, while her large black eyes overllowed with sad but sweet melan choly. ller beauty made a deep impression 011 the young count. Per haps at that moment he recalled to mind the sublime devotion of those heroes of another age, when a glance from their sovereign sufficed to inspire them with the courage necessary for the accomplishment of great and glorious deeds. I11 any case, from that moment the character of the count changed completely without anybody knowing the motive. His name, fortune, and situation became insupportable to him since the royal lady of his heart could not share them. Despairing of ever obtaining bet favours, be conceived the idea, quis otic but generous, of consecrating all he had to the organisation ofapopular movement which would regain for her the throne of which she had been violently deprived. But the idea was never carried out. 'Why, nobody can say. Perhaps, like a sensible man, lie ultimately perceived the ridiculous ind impracticable side of such an idvonture, and blamed himself for indulging in such an audacious dream : [icrhaps, also, some unexpected decep tion stopped short his gill hint ardour. At the end of a voyage, destined to inaife nnnseit torgotteii, tne count characteristically returned to Paris, and, renouncing his name, friends, the pleasures of the world, and the brilliant position to which he was entitled, shut himself up in a small apartment on the left bank of the Seine. From that date his apartment has been turned into a veritable museum of stntr?nirs relating to the young and un happy Queen 011 whom he had fixed his affections. Besides numerous portr-iits and biographies and books connected with her history, the count possesses a collection of other objects, the majority of 110 value to the pro fane, but precious to him, which he has spent 110 small pains in acquiring at often fabulous prices. All these cher ished mementoes are carefully labelled and catalogued and shut up in cup boards, the doors ot which are opened only when, discouraged and despair ing, he feels the want of placing himself in communication with the relics of his fair love to cheer and strengthen him. During his leisure hours he 1ms written his memoirs, in which he describes his secret and fruitless affec tion for the Queen, accompanied bv notes of a certain historical value, all composed in picturesque language. Two volumes are already finished, and will be published, but when, nobody, not even himself, knows. Some frag ments of them, however, have been shown to the writer in the Matin, who says that they are sincere and touching, and interesting from many points of view. They contain, too, a curious analysis of the singular passion which has taken possession of him, and which is as deep and fervent as ever, in spite of the hopelessness of ever realising it. Rarely does he leave his apartment, and when lie does it is merely to take a short stroll in the gardens of the Luxembourg. So changed is he that his most intimate friends of yore fail to recognise him as lie walks along wrapped in thought, with his eyes duli and sunken aud his face as pale as a ghost. At times he will draw from his breast pocket a small golden locket and gaze 011 the contents — the portrait of the Queen whom he has vowed to worship till his last dying moments, after which it will be placed iu his coffin on his lieart. 