Shakespeare's lot was cat in ,' happy; posiod , ford the ' full developIiet of inrs marvellous genius Bd h'elived thirty :ears before" he must heL been affectedl. by th lifals? onuphemistci and guage el a niidianirs ofi the timo;e 4 whililhe so ,finely; ridicules in ,,*L*? s 'Laboiur Lost" a ors of hise:: s Had ?e bleen born during' the ;peiod, wlihen Charles I infringed upon consti titional practihe, lie would have prioably beiti drain into that political- strife adi 'struggle slwhich sepidrated friend? 'nid sundered families into hostile fragmenits. .Thc p0c 41d of Elizsbeth, however as has been frequently remarked, was finit I l soil vherein the gennis of the pLet could find root and flourish. What, thlin, particeinrlystrack nien, and Slakrespeare recognised it in its fullest signiliheaice was ihe breaking away froul the pld tir ditioin that deep learning could only ube acquired by quiet seclusion and fetire ment in the nooks of monastic sells. Action:i and culture began to baI coni, bined. A kind of muscular Christianiity sprang up. -sMeng of : the Sir Philip Sidney and. the Raleigh stamp were living, exemptlifications of the fact tlhat learning, and bustle aid connection withl the outside world were quite compatibl'e The age of Shakespeare was one of great activity, a time when men of enterprise; were required ; when matters of great` pitch and moment were in full swing. 8 Prospero represents the lingcrisg glimpses of magic superstitious arts in sinuating themsllves into the mind of a` man of culture End relinement. Lapsing "nto studious habits, the deposed duke forgot that action was necessary to pre serve himself fromn harm. Much the same will apply to Hamlet, but the tlhenie is placed on a more sublime level. Here was a prince of about tfhirty years of age, a'timoe when the idealities of youth melt intotheptaetical realities of manhood, or, as John Morley puts it in his brillianit essay on IBurke," The age when character usually either fritters iiself away or grows strong on the in ward sustenance of solid and resolute aspirations." Hamlet, a prince, heir apparent to a throne, had spent his life in the'studious calni of Wittenberg Uni versity, had apparently dived deep into the mystery surrounding the destiny of mar, lhad, with tie wholesome egotism of a young man, imbued himself with the idea thlit he would set reforms at work to clear away the clouds of abuse and allow all the sunshine of life to have free play.' His life at the University was diversified: ly his fondness for the theatre, where his criticisms must have been apt and wise, judging by his mem orable advice to the players. At thirty years of age he arrived home. His father had died. suddenly. His mother had married his uncle. Hamlet had been judging the world from his own standard point, had been thinking noble thoughts, had been gathering to gether high minded principles, and to use the words of John Morley before quoted, "was growing strong oil the in ward sustenance of solid and resolute aspirations." Such a' man as Hamlet always takes too high an estimate of things. Such a man considers that everyone is thinking as he is thinking and would act as he would act. For his mother to marry the brother of his father" but two inmonths dead"' denoted to hamlet's vivid mind, not that lie had mis-conceived, misjudged the world,~ but rather that this was only a tenmpor ary relapse of the world from the paths" of moral virtue. Hence his excla mation : "The tihme is out of joint, O, cursed spit',7 That ever I was born to set it right.",..' is quite reasonable and to be xpesated from one of his temperament. This is considered by Goethe to be the k6ynote of the play. Hamlet recognises ehis duty but- doubts his ability to peirform it. 'Here thei was Shakespeare's j ur pose. Hamlet studious,, c?ultred, relined, must enter into action.i Is his s6ul fit for the performance of it: Gnethe says not. Hamlet" has `not the 'inerve, the, nerve which makes a hhero Feor him an impossible. task -is laid': down. Mommsen considers C esar became great because he distinguished between what was possible and what impossible. With Hamlet` there was no choice How ever he may curse the" time le feels compelled to set it right, He nimust en deavour to accomplish his purpose, even though' lhe fail, and lhe seems to have some inmate feeling that siiccess will hot be:accorded him. He becomes sure of the guilt:of the reigniidg king. He becomes excited and exhibits his excita bility and confusibn toi a remarkable degree. This must rouse the fires of suspicion, slumbering :in the mine of Clodius into flame. How can this be averted ? By the' asnsuilption of mad ness. He tells his friends after the ap pearance of the ghost in CT 1 so. v that:: - :- " " How strangeor odd e'er I he-er myself As I perchance heieafter shlll think meet ' To put an anticeilispositiin on. . That:you,': at such tiiiism seeing' me never With armsl eecumbei ' thus or this head Os by pronounne?gf omic doubtful phlrase. IHamlet's kniol?iedge of:. acting stands him nowmiin ood stead. ?He acts the' lartl, of 'a ?iadmea :to? perfection: There is indeeddia method in hism niad ness.-: Hamletsi treatmeiit of Ophelia hais beeric':ondenned as harsh and ill manered. hit Bi'?eally this is part of the character he is playing; and is one of the most effeciive strokes, since it m'ay diveut suspiciodin from the cause of Hamlet's meilaicholy, aid assign it to his love for Ophelia. Prattling Polonius;, hariping.on his 'dsnghter, was easily de= ceived by it. Why not others ? Witness again how.well he managed the conver sation with the spies, Roseneramntz aid - Guildeneteru. How he trifles, asud yet inflicts many a deep wound on this pair; He can baiter Polonuis, and be in play-: fl humoir with the "water-fly," osric. He exhibits another humour in the grave yard scene and moralises on the vanitieis and the shortness of-life with-feeling ifil truth.:iIt is with difficulty that he c'on trols his bitterniess againsth is. mother in coiphliance with the behests of the ghost. But? even thisresitraint breaks: downiiiiO CT irr,i .;nlidre` he and hi. mother ~:~ieet face- to ?face.: His fierce, just iidignation denot s so much :sense and reason as to allio t make the Qrieen believe hi: sane. ';Hamlet -marks the'effect. which would destroy his pur pose ;He must disguise himself in mad nesseand the ghost once more walks its mnelanicholy wa ?; This play of sunshine cleorly represents " Hamlet' to be a mari of inch insight and 'knowledge of hie hlman umind-a urian of great elo qujonce :aiidi intelligence. He was op i:osed to tIthe conventionalities of his tite, for notice his partiality to the plhiers, and his love for Ophelis, who was in a muiih lower ran than him self. But yet Hamlet lacked that which iiinkes ?. hero.: ý\lether we follow .Gervinus anad say thliat the? was an inner conflict perplexing him; the strife of a ligher law with the natural law of vengeance, we may agree with the same commentator .in the :remark that in Hamlet the poet his expressly under tfaken the splendid task:of depicting the immense gap between the sense of duty adilits fulfilment.. Hlis-vacillating irre solution -may. not have resulted froni ,weakniessi but , from conscientiousness and, virtue, and conscience made him a coward, as be averred it makes of us all. iAt any rite, his native hue of resolution ias,. as he desciibed it.,.sickied o'er with the paleo cast of thought, and lost the name of action.. -Schlegel, the German critic, has said Ilitat Hamlet's far-fetched scruples are often:mere pretexts to cover his want of resolution. On one thing all commpn ttators' are agreed, and that is upon his want:of resolution. He had a purpose in "the world' but was scrupulous to" adopt means to accomplish, it. Men of high principles are often to be pitied. Assailed as timnid, they are really only timid in allowing thel noble thoughts of their youth antd imanhood' to be en cioached upon ,by whrat they term base and: unworthy methods, but what men, not sol nice, would deemn to be at once necessary and practical. Let me close by quoting from'Coleridge, what to my mind sums up thecharacter of "HaImlet ,tin words of much wisdomu: "SShakespeare wished to impress upon us the truth that action is the chief end of existence, that no faculties of intellect hoiwever brilliant can be considered valulable or, indeed, otherwise than as nisfortunes if they withdraw us from or rendeiais' replgnant to action and lead us to think,' and thinking of doing until the timei has elapsed when we can do anything; effectually. Hamlet was continually resolving, yet did, nothing but resolve." 