[?] HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thuesdat, Octobek 6. COAL PERMITS. Mr. GILLEN, in reply to Mr. Moms, said he waa of opinion that there is no -authority to grant ooal permits except She regulations made by the Commissioner, tinlesa it was contained in clauses 123 and 124 of the Axrt of 1888. Mr. GILLEN informed Mr. J. R. Kelly that he had no objection to laying before Parliament the correspondence relating to the coal permits at Port V iotor. SURVEY OF BOADS; Mr. QTLLEN, in reply to Mr. Schebe, said the Grovemment had deouted to send a sur veyor to define the boundaries of certain roads in the district of Stirling, as it. waa claimed that an error had Jjeen made by a former Government gnrveyor. THE AGRICULTURAL BUREAU. The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr. Hancock, said no' portion of the Parliament buildings Tinder his control had been let to the Agricul tural Bureau. (Hear, hear.) ' WANT OF TRUCKS. Mr. MILLER asked if the Commissioner of Public Works was aware that the carriage of wool was being delayed from Blyth on account of there notfbeingr sufficient trucks available ?' The COiiSfiSSIONEa of PUBLIC WORKS said he was not aware of id. Mr., MILLER said a number of his con stituents had comDlained that they were put to unnecessary expense and delay owing to the want of tracks. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said he would make enquiries. FORMAL ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. HOLDER, to Mr. Ash— Having regard to the information given in the replies to ques tion No. 6 an 20th September, 1892.it is not intended to promote the officer referred to (A. Stidson) to a higher class nor to transfer Mm to employment at which he can be paid a higher salary. In reply to Mr. Solomon, he said instructions bid been given to plaoe the wells on the over land telegraph line in repair and the work had been done. It' was the intention of the Go vernment to consider the advisability of patting in drives for the purpose of increasing the supply of water at wells where the supply is limited. The contractor for the Star of the North was down 40 ft. and he had no intimation of any hitch having occurred. ?? In xeplf to Mr. Castine — The Government have no power to give instructions to all dis trict oounoils and oorporatipna to adopt all possible measures in order to destroy locusts so booh as they appear within their boundaries. Mr. GILLEN, to Mr. Moura— It is not the intention of the Government to eeefe to amend the District Councils Act or the Vermin- Proof Fencing Act this session, su as to enable dis trict oounoils to charge for the necessary super vision of the ereotion cf vermin-proof fencing. Dr. COGKBURN, to Mr. Cohen— Instruc- tions have been given to prepare a Bill to remedy the defect in the Bread Act of 189L In reply to Mr. Moitle — The promotion in the post and. telegraph office at Port Adelaide has been made aooording to seniority. OTHER BUSINESS. The last act in connection with the petition of Mr. R. Gooch was performed in tha As sembly on Thursday, when it was quietly re ceived and read, Mr. Osman giving the requi site guarantee that although the same person was petitioning the memorial was different to that handed in by Mr. Ash. Mr. Rounsevell wanted to know what action the Government lntenaecrto tatewitu respect to the motion passed in the Legislative Council on the pre vious day, and Mr. Holder replied that be did not recognise that the other branch of the Legislature had any thingto do with the malting and unmaking of Ministries. It was promised that a Bill to enable South Australia to re-enter the Federal Council would be sub mitted to Parliament next week. Prior to the business of the day being called on the Speaker explained that hi absence from the chair on Wednesday-evening was caused by severe, in disposition, and he thought it due to the House to state the cause of his nonattend taoe. ? Mr. Colder, on -!he first opportunity, moved the second readme of the Butter Bonus Bill, and informed members that, the recent change of the weather had tendered the imme diate passage of tha measure one of urgency. Mr. Grainger thought Me Johnston, S.M., wasgoing to draft short and simple Bills, but . if he could not do so the Attorney-General might have stepped into the breaoh on this occasion. The Bill did no credit to anyone ; it waeabungle throughout, and would be utterly impracticable, as every farmer under it would be abfc to claim a part in the bonus: Too much was left to the regulations, and, as was pointed oat in The Advertiser, there was no definition either of a proprietor or a *' foreign port.' The latter could not mean England any ? more than Melbourne or Broken HflL 'That is pre scribed by tbe regulations/1 said Mr. Castane, to which Mr. Grainger retorted that no regula tion could make England a foreign port. ' It is done In Victoria,' explained Mr. Castdne, and Mr. Grainger cried impatiently, ' Oh ! I'm siok of Victoria. That colony forms a very bad example just now.' 'Hear, hear,' said Mr. Kingston loyally. Then, continued the adverse critic, 'Where the dickens, is the money to come fromf The Bill did not pre scribe whether it should be taken from revenue or loans. The Act, if passed in its present form, would be absurd and so muoh waste paper. The Government would have to amend it in the manner suggested. He waa tired of seeing tbe Ministry bounding through the session like a welted football; a committee should be formed to help the Ministry frame their Bills, or ejpe they Bhonld be turned out. Mr. Moule wanfeett to know whether everyone exnortine butter would get the bonus. 'Ask each of the Mirustersand yonilget five different replies,' said Mr- Kingston. Continuing, Mr. Moule stated that Mr. Holder and Mr; Caatme were bothtreetaraders, and the Bill waa a Mr sample of the blunders freetraders made when they tried to encourage local industries. The bonus would only make factories, already paying splendidly, more profitable. ' What about the Riveiton factory?' asked somebody,- to which Mk Moule answered severely that the . Government were not responsible for the mis management of particular establishments. Mr. Burgoyne thought the Bill -was not a feather in the cap of the Attorney-General, but he sup posed they couldn't expect anything better. ' You supposed a good deal when you were in , office, and mismanaged everything,' interjected Mr. Stock:; the good humored comment being —'I am sorry such action should be con tagions.' The bonus, said Mr. Burgoyne judicially summing up, will help a few people at the expense of the many, and will enable them to keep down the price of milk. Speeches strongly in eupport of the measure came in swift succession from Messrs. Cock, McDonald, and Landseer. Then Mr. Playford, who for expediency's opposed, said it would be impossible for a small man to get direct compensation, although he might do so through a coopera tive factory. If the Treasurer eaid that any one with a cow could colleot the bonus it was ' : absurd and the sooner the Bill waa kicked out the better. He believed if the bonus were introduced that in three years time it would act as a horrid example. The bonus should only be paid on butter whioh reached home in good condition, and that the samples should be kept separate. The Bill was composed of the usual stock clauses. 'Is that a joke?' asked Mr. Kingston, tha reply being in the negative, although he agreed that the measure was carelessly drafted. 'The power given under the regalations covers everything,' urged Mr. Stock, to whioh Mr. Playford retorted that legislation by regulation was very dangerous. Mr. Hague said the Bill was not necessary, as 23S tons of butter were exported last year. Mr. Miller accused Mr. Caldwell of inconsis tency beoause he voted for the steel pipe bonus in 1884. ' Oh, don't resurrect; seven-year-old ghosts,9' protested Mr. Caldwell deprecatingly, 'it isn't fair.' Mr. Soherk was antagonistic because the price of butter would be increased and the beet samples would be sent away. Sir Edwin Smith objected to the measure, and Mr. Castine set himself enthusiastically to work to pulverise his arguments. Mr. Cald well, as an alternative proposal, advised that the Government should purchase the 50 tons of butter now likely to glut the market and send it home instead of so much interest due on loans. Mr. McPberson damned the measure with faint -praise, and then Mr. Kingston imported some liveliness into the i^;»niii»rinii, and was especially severe on the Attomey-GenenL Mr. Kingston opened his speech on the Butter Bonus Bill in the Assembly on Thursday with a statement that he would give id a liberal and generouBBupport, as it would make things hum, and help an industry native to the soiL There should, however, be only one rate of bonus paid, or else the inferior quality might get the better price. He believed in the principle of a Government brand. 'That would make it Government batter,' objected Mr. Horn, to whioh Mr. Kingston replied, ' It will, almost,' and Sir John Downer added, 'It is Govern ment butter.' 'Yes,' acquiesced Mr. King ston, 'and we'll use Government butter for . greasing the wheels of commerce.' 'The brand might be melted off in the tropics,' suggested Mr. Ash. Holding up a copy of the measure on which Borne one had been exer cising his artistic skill, Mr. Kingston said the House bad reason to complain of the whole treatment of the Bill by the Government. 'Those drawings «re not in the original Bill,' objected Dr. Cockburn, while Mr. Kingston said, 'They are the only things to recommend it,' adding, 'I pity the Premier and metaphori cally fall on his neck and weep .for him, drowning blm with tears. 1 am eorry for him and his associations.' 'We all are,' agreed Mr; Howe. Mr. Kingston proceeded that he ' did not deal in batter, exoept politic ally.' 'You give us butter in a lordly diah' WDUfl§nte4 pr, Cogkborn, with, a. not alto/. #WhL *P|IOS«»*§.««««rinuwenoe of Scripture. demanded the member for West Adelaide. '^L*'** *F*«« the batter s^S \ ' gone. Why is this thus? I pause tar «. «ria; -*nd don&geli; it. I donV4Kn^t tS^S it. Inthec^ofltoGoveimnei^leMS to who*xpeotefc oottHBg, for bfl£in£ot be disappointed. The Bill and aUtxjnnected wito it form a comedy of errors. If tibia is a matter of importance, why was the Bill nob introduced before? Even the notice for leave to introduce it waa informal. I suppose tha Premier will take all tbe responsibility on his shoulders.' 'I should be Barry to have too on my shoulders' said Mr. Holder, while Mr. Howe said—' You'd rather have him. to lean on, eh?' '.It was generally recognised that' the law officers of the Crown should prepare Bills and notices,' continued Mr. Kingston, with a glance at Mr. Stock, who was m airing violent pretensions of being asleep! '3 the ordinary courtesy ' had been ex tended to me it would have been all right last week,' complained Mr. Holder, while Mr. Kingston went on— On Tuesday the Government were in a precious hurry, and: there was a desire to suspend the standing orders because the country was waiting and tha butter melting. 'Had it not been for the noblepolitacal determination of Mr. Ash, who, like Horatins, kept the bridge, the Bill would have been rushed through on Tuesday,' said Mr. Kingston ; ' but after the dinner adjourn ment the Premier did not consider the matter so urgent. I came down in a burning hurry—1* ' To stonewall,' chipped in Mr. Stock—' but where was the motion to suspend the standing orders?' 'The Legislative Council is nob sitting,' explained Mr. Holder, while Mr. Kingston cried with simulated indignation, . ' It is too bad !' 'Yes, you look very sorry,' interjected Mr. Cohen, while Mr. Kingstpn cruelly proceeded— 'I am very sorry, and when I look at the Attorney-General I sorrow as one without hope. I have had to stand him for three months.' 'I'll have three months at you soon,' called the Attorney-General, with vicious anticipation. ' Well, the sooner the better,' agreed Mr. Kingston, 'but seven years' hard labor would not do justice to the political incapacity of the Attorney-General, who was always scratching notes on the back of Bills, but tbe House never saw any result. How necessary it was to em ploy outside assistance to prepare a magnifi cent Bill like this. The law officers ottha Crown should do some of this work, but I search in vain for Mr. Stock's name on a Bill. The Attorney- General said an intelli. . gent layman oould draw short andfiimple Bills, but that officer had apparently not been captured. Of five clauses, three are wrong, and all require amendment. I am sorry,' continued Mr. Kingston, with a glance at Mr. Gillen, 'that the Commissioner of Crown Lands does not treat the matter with becoming gravity.' 'Oh, I can't take you seriously, said Mr. Gillen, with a laugh. ' Well,' went on Mr. Kingston, 'I am glad to see the air of solemn melancholy resting on the Attomey GeneraL' ' Oh, -r corrected Mr. Stock, HI am nearly asleep. I never heard such foolery in my life.' At this Mr. Kingston, mangro the Gaming Act, offered to bob bis bottom dollar that Mr. Stock was never less aeleep in his life. Turning from personal to teshnioal criticism Mr. Kingston asked— 'What is a foreign port? Ah,' he said, 'the Chief Secretary rubs his manly brow, ' and a fortnight hence he will move the sus pension of the standing orders to give us the result Well, as the Ministry won't answer me 111- turn to Mr. Castine.' 'Oh,' answered that gentleman airily,. 'they have only omitted a definition clause, that's all. They can provide for it in the regulations.' ' They can do nothing of the sort,' continued Mr. Kingston, 'and the objection of The Advertiser is well grounded.' 'Do you say London is not a foreign poet f ' demanded Mr. Stock, to which the response was ''If so, Melbourne, Sydney, and Broken Hill are also.' The crux of the matter, concluded Mr. Kingston, was the matter of appropria tion, which was nob mentioned. Therefore he did well to be angry. An interjection caused him to say that the Language of Acts Act, like the flowers that bloom in the spring, had nothing to do with the oase. 'It-is as foreign as good manners to you' was the parting shot of Mr. Stoak, whose castigation -was very heartily enjoyed by Mr. Hpmburg, who bubbled over with laughter during its whole course. When Mr. Kingston bad spoken for 35 minutes on the Bonus Bill Sir John Downer supported the measure on oondition that all the exported butter should carry the same bonus, and then Mr. Ash calling for a division the second reading was carried by 22 votes to 4, the antagonistic quartet being Messrs. Ash, Horn, Moule, and Solomon. Mr. Oattt bad been occupying the place of the Speaker, in consequence of tbe Illness of that gentle man, and when the House went into committee Mr. Kingston for a time officiated as Chairman. DireoUy the first clause was called on, whioh was at twenty-swo minutes past 5, Mr. Moule drew attention to a Ministerial - promise that the Mining -Bill would be taken that day, but Mr. Holder said the speech of the Commissioner of Public Works in moving the second reading of that measure would only occupy half an hour, and he wished to get through the Bonus Bin first, The committee cheered, and members went to w»k with a will, with a result that the short title was made really short It was provided that the bonus would only be paid on butter sold outside the Australasian colonies, and one uniform rate of 2d. per lb. was fixed. Jus* before 6 o'clook Mr. Moule and Mr. Grainger again called for the Mining Bill, and Mr. Hack interjected, 'Finish this or else sit late.' Mr. Kingston, however, agreed to release the Premier from this pro mise, and Mr. Moule after a while showed equal magnanimity, and the remaining qlmw^a and some additions were taken pro forma. Mr. Catt reported' to himself, and the considera tion of the report was fixed for Tuesday. At three minutes past 6 Mr. Handyside, greeted with cheers— half earnest and half bantering— rose to move the second reading of the long asked-f or Mining Bill, but he kept on the out ' skirts of his subject only. An amusing episode of a somewhat dull naif hour was an interjec tion from the Treasury benches by Mr. Gray son, who -was promptly called to order by Mr. Cohen. IntheoourseofhisremarksMr. Handy side expressed tbe opinion that Adelaide was not the proper place for the School of Mines. 'Have you ever been there? 'enquired Mr. Monle, while Mr. Kingston proposed the query —'Where would you put it? At the McDonnell Ranges ? Mr. Handyside thought Moonta was the proper place, and that the city institution should be called the School of Arts. 'And now,' said Mr. Handyside, when he had been on his feet for more than a quarter of an hour, .' Fm going into the BilL' '* What Bill is it?' asked Mr. Kingston, and the House laughed, for up till that time the Commissioner of Public Works had not gob anywhere near his subject. Three minutes before the dinner adjournment! he asked leave to continue the debate at a future time, but Mr. Moule objected, and suggested that the sessional order should be suspended so that the speech could be concluded then, offering to move in that direction hirn^lf 'You are not the leader of the House' said Mr. Rounsevell severely, while the Premier explained that Mr. Handyside would take at least another half hour, and the House would not like to sit that late. Here there were affirmative cheers. 'On a point of order,' enquired Mr. Grainger satirically, 'will the Speaker direct) the Commissioner of Public Works to deal with the Bill next time?' Then at 6.29 p.m. the House rose until Toes day. t 