GODFATHER GREEN. «' Yes, Sam, I jjdmit the truth of all you say ; she is very sweet looking, very fascinating, but still liot quite the .wife I should choose for you!" A mother was speaking, talking to an only son — the subject under discussion was matrimony. . . " But you, dear soul, did you over see anyone yet whom you would have chosen. In your eyes I am a paragon. I stand alone — among my species it would be impossible to find a match for me." Mrs. Brodie laughed softly ; she was per fectly aware of the infatuation she had for her son. "No, no, she said, "you are wrong there ; besides, you muy have a pair without their being exactly a match, or even quite equal. I should have no difficult! if you let yourself be a little guided by me in finding a — — " But here her son stopped her. "I know what you arc going to say, " he cried, "but it is of no use, mother, as I have told you .20 times before. Bessie Adams and I will never bo more than brother and sister." " That twenty times has been all in one week, Sam." "Simply because we have talked the matter over. Bui, mother, now be sensible, do. Let us suppose that I felt an inclina tion towards Bessie. What would become of my chance with Godfather Green, I ask you?" Mrs. Brodie heaved the ghost of a sigh. " Well, there, I must confess that you have a handle against mo. Bessie is pain fully straightforward, but oh, Sam, she iB so. good and amiable— that you cannot deny." "Dony ! I think she's an angel, and for that very reason, if for no other, most un fitted for ine. What I want is tact, deli cacy — somebody who could wheedle a bun from out of a bear's paw if necessary." " And you think that these qualities are to be fouud in Miss Denman, do you ?" Sam saw that his mother was softening, and prepared himself to improvo the occa sion. For the first time in his life, so he now believed, ho had fallen in love — madly — desperately — and.,, with the most bewitching little bundle ,of charms ever produced by Dame Nature'. t They had met at a dance, and — oh ! salvo to Sam's vanity — the introduction had been desired by the lady. It is needless after this to say that matters progressed very rapidly. Miss Denman's sister usked Sam to her house. Sam's one thought was to bring his newly-found treasure under the eyes of his mother. A meeting had been effected, and the young lady having departed, Mrs. Brodie was delivering her opinions of her son's prodigy. As had been shown, thoy were not of unmixed enthusiasm, but what mother does give a whole- hearted approbation of the one who is likely to supplant her? Mrs. Brodie was but mortal, and, perhaps for this very reason, her ear was tickled by those words, tact, delicacy, and Godfather Green. It is said that every family has its house hold spectre ; the spectre of the Brodios was Sam's godfather. This infirm and ap parently inoffensive old gentleman inter fered with their pleasures and mixed himself all up with their plans. Everything they proposed, rejeotod, or curried out began and ended with ' one and the same sentence : "But what will Godfather Green say?" He was flaunted before their frieuds, who, in spite of their irritability, found them selves impressed with a certain respect for a man who, bv the prospect of his death, could during life keep his possible survivors in such awe. That Mr. Green was rich it seems super fluous to say, and that Sam was appointed hiB heir was understood by everybody. Mr. Green'swifo had been the late Mr. Brodie's first cousin. W ith no children of hiB own Mr. Green bad elected to be Sain's godfather, and although well aware that Jaboz was his father's and a family uuine, had made it u point that tho boy should bo called after him. Samuel Green Brodie was inscribed on the small slipfe of pusteboard which, in accord ance with the demands of genteel society, Sam left at tho doors of his friends. A whole stock of these luy scattered over the cardplatoof Mrs. Webster, Miss Denman's Bister, everyono of them left during the first 10 days of an intimacy which had ripened so rapidly that Sam no longer stood on this ceremony. - Tho peculiar tat-tat-tat of his knock had become familiar, and the maid' servant who opened the door would Btnilingly tell bim that Miss Cecilia was up stairs, or, should the lady chance to be out, that sho was certain not to be long. " W on't you come in and wuit, sir? " Feeling that this introduction to his mothor would set a sort of Btamn cm the matter, Sam thought the time had com - when, 'without any seaming design, it would be expedient to say a liitlo regarding his position and his prospects ; therefore, on their way to Mrs. Brodio, as he and tho fair t/cuuiu wai&cu;'uiuuc, uv iimiiu-Muu ill n very adroit way to lead up to the subject. "I'm in the Customs, you know," ho began. "Oh! are you?" said Miss Denman, in terestedly, as if the fact was perfectly new to her. "Ours is tho Excise branch of the de partment," continned Sam. " Really, is'it? " She could hardly have seemed more surprised had bo mentioned that be was in the pay of tho public exe cutioner. , "It is not much of a salary now, you know, but in the end jt won't be bad — it goes up td a thousand a year." "Fancy." " Only, tho worst of it is you've got to wait." " Have you? Oh." There was a little falling off in Miss Dcnmnn's enthusiasm. Not, perhaps, to bo counted as a fault of charaoter, but she considered that she had > done her Bharo of waiting already. "And what makes it hard with me," con tinued Sam, "iethat I expect all my good things will como together." " What ! have you other things in store ? How- lucky ! Do tell me. " And she edged herself a little nearer, and looked up into S&m;'s lace with cycB that ought to have been green, but wore brown, and just then in expression very innocent and confiding. Sam gave himself time' to admire her, and was seized with the desire to offor his arm ; but mutters being hardly yet settled enough for that, ho had to content himself by walk ing at her side while ho resumed his confi dences. "Well, I don't know whether you've heard, but I've a gndfathor." " A godfather 1", wus echoed in reply. " Yes; he's Mr. Green" — and Sam made a feint of opening his neoktio as if it waB due to liis godfather that tho acknowledg ment uf this fact should make him puff out visibly. "He's an uwfully rich old ohup. I'm called after him, I' suppose, because when he dies he means to leave me all his tin. Not that I wish that. I hope he'll live us long as he can; but they say the wonder is, with his complaints and his | doctors, that he's alive uow." _ | "Fancy I And you're bo fond of him; and I'ui euro he'd fond of you. He mast bs." What an artless darling it was. No wonder Sam thought that bo worshipped her. "I wish," he said, and \he tried to tell her- with bis eyes the reason which made this wish come, " that he would show his love by giving me something substantial now — two or three hundred a year say. Why, it would bo nothing to him. He wouldn't feel it out of his income." "Is it so big then ?" "My mother 8ays she's sure he' doesn't know what he's worth. Well, to show you, years, ago, beforo his wife died, ho owned to their having three thousand a year." "And he liveB all alone — nobody with him, no wife, nochildren? What a pity." "There are servants, you know, and a Miss Spink ; my mother recommended her. She reads aloud to the old buffer and writes letters for him. PoorSpiuky! I've promised her an annuity because she keeps on there. It wouldn't pay, you know" — and Sam winked knowingly — "to lot anybody strange in. I don't know what we Bhould do if Spinky broke down. She has been out of sorts lately— says she wants a holi- day." Tho complaints of the unhappy Spink seemed to have no interest for Miss Den man. A more mercenary girl might have followed up by questions tho information given of Mr. Green, but, as her sister often said, Cissy was just a child and nothing more, therefore it was only iu keopiug with this simplicity that she should -exclaim, after a few minutes' meditation — "Oh, Mr. Brodie! Will your -mother like me? That is what I keep thinking. I do hope so. X know how I shall love her." Naturally, after the introduction was over, this buttery little sentence was re- ueated, and gradually by degrees Mrs. Srodie felt that her scruples one by ono were withdrawn, and finally Sain had the happiness of hearing her say that if he felt sure that he had found a girl who would make him happy she would not say nay, provided only that there was no opposition from Godfather Green. And matters being settled thus far, mother and son put theiiT heads together us to the best way of propitiating the old gentlomaii. Should he bo told beforo the offer or after? That was the first question, and it was Btill under discussion when, luckily or otherwise, Mrs. Brodie, by way of gaining time, for no shadow of doubt occurred to her, said, "Of course you feel sure that when you ask her she'll uccept you, Sam." A minute before Sam could have answered "yes" most readily, but the mere thought of rejection, or perhaps a sudden rush of that fear so closely connected with love, seemed suddenly to unnerve him. " Mother," he said, reproachfully, but all the same a sense of torment took possession of him, so that, do what he would, he could not throw himself heartily into the dis cussion again, and seizing the first pretext he could lay hold on, he framed on excuse which would take him out, and then, with no settled plan, rushed off, to find himself very soon in the presence of MiBs Cecilia Denman, Far be it from me to follow them through the winding wayB and devious paths which led to love's declaration. Suffice it to say that when Sam laid at Miss Denman's feet his heart and hand, though ahe did not spurn them 1 don't tell you chat she picked them up j she figuratively bade them stay while sho and Sam had a little discussion. " I cannot help thinking of what you told mo about your godfather," sho Bttid ; " we must do nothing hastily. Tell your mother that I think all she says so sensible that whatever happous she can rely on my never permitting you to sacrifice so much us that " and sho showed tho measure of her rosy finger-nail — "forme." " But, Cissy," for Sam felt overcome hy such generosity, "he will love you— he must— ho shall ! Only wait until wo can manaoo for lum to see you. " Yes, but don't let him know what we are to each other ; if so, something here and she pressed her hand to her bosom and looked at the ceiling tragically—" tells me it will be total. Introduce mo as a visitor, a mere acquaintance, almo3t a stranger; nothing more, I beseech of you." This conversation being repeated to Sam's mother greatly influenced her in Cccilia'B favor. That her son had been rashly pre cipitate in his offer she could not deny, and she thanked Providence that his choice had fallen on a girl possessed of such delicacy and discretion. " Come, what do you say about Bessie Adams now ?" said Sam, as they enlarged on tho subject together. " Poor Bessie 1" sighed Mrs. Brodie, re gretfully. " Still, I must alwayB remain very fond of her, Sum." " Oh, fond of her — yes. So shall I ; but it did not take me long to discovor Bessie was not at all the wife for me." "I don't think you ought to have paid her quite so much attention, then and Mrs. Brodie eyed hor son reproachfully. " I expect the poor girl will have many a twinge, Sam, when sho hears this about you." But Sam pooh-poohed this idea entirely. He insisted on its absurdity all the more because be knew much that his mother did not know of tho matter, and, only that Bessie was as true as steel, and he could rely on her silence, she might have said things which would have placed him very awkwardly. " I never had but one fault to find with Bessie," continued Mrs. Brodie, finally. "Shecquldn't be induced to make herself agreeable to Mr. Green. I'm sure I sat on thorns the two or three times I took her there. I forget now what he showed her, but it was something Bhe ought to have said she liked, and she wouldn't admire ; and when I pointed to tho portrait of him when ho was young, she said it wasn't a bit like him now. So provoking ! No ; I couldn't forgive hor there. It was all very fine — that talk of not being able to. toady him ; bat if she had any thought of yon it was her duty and so I told her-" " Well, I'm sure you'll not havo that complaint to make against Cissy, mother. I wonder how we'd best manage about tak ing hor thcro." Mrs. Brodie shook her head dcspondingly. " I'm at my wits' ends about Miss Spink just now," she said; "there's no doubt but sho's very unwoll. The old man sees it him self, and asked her if. she didn't think that she was breaking up, and that the reading was rather too much for her." " I say !" exclaimed Sam, indignantly. " And when she Bpoke of not going be cause of leaving him alone, ho told her not to think of him — ho should find somebody to .fill her placo ; ho should advertise moBt likely." "Come, I like that." " Well, then, it's more than I do. I know what many of theso people aro who answer what they see in a newspaper — harpies just on the look out for ail old follow like him ; if one of them got a footing inside tliut house it might bo a very serious matter for us, 1 can tell you, Sam." "Couldn't you manage it with Spinky, mothor, eh ? For her to take a holiday, and you go over there while she's away ?" " No, my dear," said Mrs. Brodie shortly. She did not add that this proposal had already been made to and rejected by Mr. Green, who, without possessing the energy to alter ills domestical rangoments and order them moro satisfactorily, was sick and wcury of the monotony they entailed on him. Made at n time when he had looked' upon himself, as tho victim of a fatal disease, ho now saw that with care years of life were beforo liirn. Why not make that span of existence enjoy able, which it could never be while that old tabby, Spink, sat at his elbo'w purring over his compluints, nnd comparing them witli her own ; aided and abetted as she was by Mrs. Brodie and her incessant cacklc-cackle about his medicine anil his doctor, and the serhion and the rector ? He knew what sho I was after — thinkiug of the time when her ' precious son would 6tep in— ho coald see her eyeing the plate and telling the maide to take care of the furniture. And the old man would sigh bitterly. Wifeless, childless, re- lationless, who else coald he leave his money to ? It was truo Sam's name stood foremost in hiB will, but he hated him nono the less for that very reason. Oh, if heirs expectant only realised how great an advantage absence often gives them 1 The sight of Sam was to Mr. Green as the red rag to a bull ; to see that sallow, long-drawn face beforo him was . like contemplating his tombstone. Faugh 1 What a fool the fellow was — without an idea", without an opinion, 23 years old, and tied to his mother's apron-string 1" "Don't tell him you said this — don't tell him you went there," were cautions always being dinned into Sain by his mother ; and the result was that, once in his godfather's presence, he hadn't a word to Bay — his cheerfulness deserted him, the flow of Btnall talk natural to him vanished, and ha sat as awkward, and about as companionable, as a barber's block or a waxon dummy. Who would have recogniseil in him the frequenter of music halls, the authority on theatres, the gallant adorer of the fair Ceoilia ? "Oh, isn't it nice." Cecilia would say, clasping her pretty hands with fervor, "to have a secret only known to us three— you, me and your mother ? Until everything is quite safe I would so mfich rather and, though Sam could not heartily say tho same (being, like a truo knight, very anxious to proclaim his new-found treasure), he hud to give way to a prudence which Mrs. Brodie was never weary of praising. As might be expected just now, Mrs. Brodio saw a great deal of Miss Denman. One excuse or another was always .bringing them together, and Bhe was fain to admit to Sam as well as to herself that she found in the fair Cecilia a most sympathetic com panion. ! Hor hopes, her fears, Sum's expectations, were dinned into ears which seemed never weary of listening, and, though she talked by the hour of Mr. Green, Cecilia plied her with questions which would keep her talk ing. No wonder Mrs. Brodie unlocked the secret tablets of her heart and showed what ahe would havo died ruthcr than expose to anyone before— namely, the synonym, Mr. Green, written there as " moan, selfish old curmudgeon." Had ho not proved himself so by the way be had spoken to Miss Spink, rejecting the proffered help of Mrs. Brodie, while daring to presume to think of adver tising for a companion ? How did he know what sort of character he might be admitting to his house ? It made Mrs. Braaio's blood |un cold to remember tho stories she had lead of- wicked and designing females whose Bole object was to toady and wheedle all they could out of Buch old men, and when dear Cissy a3ked in horror was it possible that such infamy could exist Mrs. Brodie sighed over hor as an innocent child whose knowledge of the world had still to come. Events wore in this state of progress when one morning the news reached the Brodies that Miss Spink, after being con fined to the house for days, had at length succumbed, and was unable to rise from her bed. What was to be done? Any action taken must be prompt. As the perplexed Mrs. Brodio rightly ex claimed, she could not be in two places at once, and while sho was eudeavoring to re cover the prostrate Spink, who— who was to he with the old man ? Was it.the voice of Providence Bhe heard, or had Samuel answered " Cecilia?" Anyway the suggestion was seized upon, and a message despatched asking Miss Den man to came without delay to Mrs. Brodie. Cecilia arrived to hear with apparent dis may the service required of her. With emotion sho threw her arms round Mrs. Brodie's neck, declaring that, though Bhe had always felt that for the slightest wiBh of Sam's mother sho was prepared to go through fire and water, ' yet to faco — to speak — perhaps to he left alone with Mr. Green wus almost moro than her courage dare. "For Samuel's sake," said Mrs. Brodie, tragically. " I will," answered Miss Denman with heroism. " Strength will be given to me. Only tell me, as nearly as you can -what to do — and what I muBt avoid. Mrs. Brodie kissed her future daughter- in-law effusively. " You are a dear good girl, she said, " and Providence will watch> over and bless tho efforts you make." And having primed her as to all " the selfish old monster's, " whims and ways and peculiari ties, the two ladies set off to put their scheme to the test. Without permitting the servant to an nounce them Mrs. Brodie went straight to Mr. Green's usual sitting-room. The Btep she was about to take was a desperate one, and in the presence of the despotic old man she felt all her courage oozing out at her finger-tips. If she did not begin at once and seize the bull by the horns her voice would fuil her— already her tongue felt like dried leather in her mouth. "Mr. Green," she burst out, making the pseudo-iuvalid jump in his chair, "I hope I shall not incur your displeasure on account of the step 1 have taken, but feel ing, as I do, the bond between us — in — as you may say — well, being Sain's mother I have ventured to bring with ine a young lady who is anxious to fill ap a gap as reader." Already Mr. Green's face was purple. He began to pull himself out with a rage that would presently find vent in a torront of words, when, by a dexterous pushing aside of Mrs. Brodie, in front of him stood tho fair form of the blushing Cecilia. Now, the old Adam, although languish ing, was far from dead in Mr. Green ; he Btill possessed un eye for tho comely. "There wasn't any need for troubling any body," he bogaii, rather churlishly ; and then, his glance resting on Cecilia, ho added in a more gracious tone : "Still, as the young lady has been at tho pains of coming, I " " Will let her stay ?" said Cecilia, plead- ingly. " I don't know that that wa3 quite what I meant to say," and a smile — long a stranger to Mr, Green's puffy visage — began to over spread his usual axprossion of settled gloom. However, if you don't mind sparing mo a little of yonr time, so lot it be." There was a quick interchange of signals botween tho ladies; then, murmuring some thing about seeing after poor Miss Spink, Mrs. Brodie — without the slightest mis- givings of coming evil — hurried from the room, and alas ! that we should havo it to say, left the camp in possession of an enemy. Whether that morning, or how soon, Miss Denman took Mr. Greeu into her confidence and betrayed her trust docs not signify. Certain it is that before long she had filled him with anger, indignation and amusement by dressing up'for his satisfaction the state of agitation and terror into which the mere mention of a successor to Mis3 Spink had plunged the Brodio fumily. They felt sure the situation would ho sought by someone young, and perhaps good-looking, and then what might not happen ? " Mrs. Brodie sayB if you were to marry — and that's what she liveB in dread of — sho is certain it woald be her death-blow ; it would kill her." Mr. Green visibly smiled with tickled vanity. Oh, oil ! that wus what they wore afraid of, was it? Well, really, if people did not think liirn too old to marry again, why shonld ho think himself so? — and his eyes involuntarily wandered towards his merry entertainer, who seemed ns much ut home as if she had spout half a lifetime there. In Mrs. Brodie's presence Mr. Green, primed by Cecilia, said vory stiffly that if she pleased, and it was not troubling her young friend, Miss Denman could come there for a little time. Cecilia remained silent, but the door was not well shut before she asked, " Was it necessary ?" Of course, sho would do anything to oblige her dear was-to-bo mammu-in-luw ; but tho tiresome old nmn was so dull — tho morning had seemed so long. Ho had hinted at her going again in theovening; but that site really could not do. No, Sam must go instead ; only, mind, if he was asked, for worlds he mustn't seem to know her. There were reasons moro than ever, just now, she said, why they should use caution. That ovening Sam went, and Mr. Green by his questions lured tho unfortunate youth to destruction. "So that is it," Baid the old gentleman meaningly, after the unhappy Sam had taken his departure, "I always knew you were a fool, si< , but that you're a rogue, too, is quite as certain"; and he drew out from his side pocket a little book and wrote down a memorandum to send for his lawyer. For a whole fortnight four persons played together a game fall of artifice and decep tion ; ono hand among them had got hold of the Btring which, managed with skill, kept tile puppets in action. To repeat the de vices, stratagems and manamvres of that sly-boots, Cecilia, would be to swell out this sketch to the size of a threo-volumo novel ; let us content ourselves, there fore, with morely tho broad facts, and these given in outline. Miss Spink, re covered by rest and the careful nursing of Mrs. Brodie, soon declared herself able to resume hor duties, bat to this wish Mr. Green turned the deafest of deaf ears. " Miss Spink," he said— and it was Cecilia who conveyed the message to hor — "had through her illness so thoroughly proved her value to him that she must now, by every means, build up her strength and fortify her health to fit her for a new vocation." " And oil, Miss Spink," criod the arch deceiver, " I wondor if you guess as I do what ho meuns and why he sent the message by inc. Hush l"and she laid her finger on her lip — the sound on tho stairs was the iootstep of MrB. Brodie. "What do you think I've seen? The will !" exclaimed Cecilia, as tho two ladies walked home together. Mrs. Brodie triad to speak, but, overcomo by emotion, " Samuel 1" was the only word she could ntter. " Everything in it goes to him." " My dear boy !" ejaculated tho agitated mother, and she clasped her hands in gratitude to that particular Providence who had so wisely guided the disposition of Mr. Green's affairs, Strangely enough, when they parted, Mrs. Brodie did not feel as cordial as had of late been her wont towards Cecilia. Upper- most in her mind was that fortune winch her son was now of a certainty the pos sessor. In choosing a wife, might he not have looked higher ? Cecilia, it was true, might be good-looking, bat sho was years older than Sam, and they knew nothing of her family ; and she so persistently repeated to her son that Cecilia ought to bless the day oh which she met him that, unconsciously, Sam's manner bccamo a little tinged by the same idea. Without any inteption that it should he apparent, there wus from tho date of this communication a marked difference in thu bearing and behavior of the Brodies. Sam — to quote his fellow clerks — "suddenly put on a sight of swagger"; and the littlo airs of condescending patronage assumed by Mrs. Brodie, when mimicked by Cecilia ior the benefit of Mr. Green, provoked much amuse ment and laughter. .Mr. Green was altogether a different creature by this time. He had Bhaken off his stato of chrysalis, and, without yet being one, was contemplating the pleasures he might enjoy as a butterfly. Half the mis- ohief which entered his head waB placed there by Mrs. Brodie, who never missed an opportunity of commenting on catastrophes which had occurred to over-confiding gentle men v/ho, in their declining years, had had their domoslic licartha desecrated through advertisements for companions which they had put into uewspapers being responded to by promiscuous, painted, yellow-haired harpies. Poor woman ! Littlo did she dream of the serpent that through tier agency had already been admitted to bask upon that sacred hearth. In years to come, no doubt, revenge was meted out to Cecilia, but at this time all her nefarious, deep-laid schemes prospered, and hor plans wero carried on swimmingly. Miss Spink, whose glass now always re flected to her tho was-to-be Mrs. Green, helped to the utmost to further hoodwink Mrs. Brodie, and it was through her means tho secret was kept that for a month at least Mr. Green waB going away — was going away — was leaving hemo for tho seaside— a thing ho had .not done since the late lamented Mrs. Green died. By a singular coincidence tne w costers were going to Brighton. Of this Cecilia spoke openly, deploring her sister's desire that sho should accompany her. "You'll have to put your foot down on the family, Sam," remarked Mrs. Brodie. " I Bhould givo Cecilia to understand that in ninrrying her I didn't marry her sister and Sam dropping a hint of this nature (for ho was not in the best of humors at his lady-love going away), Miss Denman took it up so warmly that a quarrel ensued, and for the first time the two parted in angor. Instead of narrowing the breach, it is to bo feared that Mrs. Brodie's inclination went towards making it wider. "I beg, Samuel," sho said, " that you'll not be tho one to givo in. So much at least is dao to you that tho first advancos should como from Cecilio." At the time when his mother spoke Sam was quite ot her opinion, but when the fol lowing day he was told that the Websters had gone, and Cecilia with them, without ono word of adieu or any address loft or given, ho rushed home like one distracted to find Mrs. Brodie in a simitar stato of perturbation. She, in the meanwhile, had made the discovery of Mr. Green's flight — the house was loft in tho possession of " those insolent servants." Miss Spink, too, had gone away ; " hor boxes, by master's orders, wero to follow." : "Coming events cast their shadows beforo thein." With a sickening presenti ment that all was not right, Mrs. Brodio turned away from tho door through which slio"was doomed never again to onter. From whom was to come the blow? Would it be from Miss Spink ? or, worse still, was it — could it be from Cecilia? A thousand sus picions to which she had been blind bef >ro came crowding now upon her. Forced to bo Bilcnt, compelled to keep a bravo front to all tho prying eyes around, the suspense was horrible, but the end wus near. First a letter came from Miss Spink, full of in coherent allusions to tho horrible deceit practised upon hor. By ounning and cajoling she had been induced, she said, to quit Mr. Green's house under the pretext of needing iv holiday. A few days later Mrs. Brodio received a newspaper. It was tho Times, which, ex cept a birth, death, or marriage had occurred, DO out) II au ueeu uvur biiuwii vu uuuu uer, xu vain her trembling fingers fumbled with the string until she was fain to fetch a knife to cut it. Before this could bo accomplished a neighbor had appeared at the open window, and in that cheery voice which trumpeters of bad news vainly try to dissemble, said, " You'vo heard tho news, of course? Only fancy, that Mrs. Webster's sister married to old Green ! I'm sorry for Sam ; it's a poor lookout for him. Howover did ho manago to play his cards so badly ?— and you to let liim, too. Well, of course it wasn't any business of mine, but I've said it dozens of times when 1'vo watched her kittenish ways, ' You wouldn't be trusted by me, my lady, any further than I could soo you.' " When somo romaneors reach a point of inexplicable entanglement und agony thoy toll us, "Over what followed wo will draw a veil." Let us be equally merciful to Mrs. Brodie and her sen, siuco their tragic despair cannot bo lightly set down in words. Certain it is that in the first tumult of emo tion tho air was thick with reproaches and recriminations, and tho bandying between thein of that hateful name Cecilia. Sam de clared that his heart wus broken for ever. What mattered his heart, when the prospect of his fortuno wus ruined and done for? Inasmuch aa Mr. Green was concerned this certainly was the case ; even tho traditional shilling ho held from his godson, and when ho altered his will the name of Samuel Green Brodie was blotted out for ever. o » Time, that great panacea for all evils, brought relief and even compensation to Sam Brodio in tho ultimata possession of tho once slighted Bessie Adams. Her sterling good qualities gained tho victory over Sain's weaker nature, und lie lived to say, iu all good faith, that he would not exchuuge his wife for Godfather Green's fortune. Godfathor Green was not in so enviable a i condition ; ho soon reached tho time when, I under the iron rod of the now Mrs. Green, his real Bufferings caused bis imaginary dis orders to bo forgotten. Even Cecilia, with bcr ambition for money more than satisfied, her wishes and whims - attended to, her slightest word obeyed, was far from a happy woman. " If I have got all I want," she would say, "I pay for it in being tied up to that dis agreeable old man. I often wish I'd let things be as they were. If I'd married Sam Brodie we might have had somo pleasure out of tho money, which will nover happen so long as I'm the wifo of his Godfather Green." 