NOVEL. A Fair Blockade Breaker. BY T. C. DE LEON. CHAPTER IV. ACCUSATION. The snow-flakes sifted down noiselessly but larger and faster ; the tread of the sentry was softened almost into silence ; and the fire, now crackling merrily on the old hearth, whirled the sparks up the cracked chimney in dizzy dance. Carolyn Clay sat like a statue, her chin resting on her hand, and her face, now pale, swept by light or shadow, as busy memory sent each from her brain. For the rencontre in the general's tent had added other and far different thoughts to anxious memory and eager speculation on the outcome of this adventure,—the most dangerous, so far, that all her risky essays as a blockade-breakcr had forced upon her. In all her previous tramps along the Poto- mac trail—as in her ' hair-breadth 'scapes' from patrol gun-boats in crossing the well- watched river—Miss Clay had escsped cap- ture. Indeed, had the operetta been written then, she had certainly gained the tobriquet of ' The Mascotte,' from her good fortune. But now, added to the danger of sus- picion for a spy was the trial of a darling brother, loved beyond expression of words, whose chances in his struggle for life or death would be lessened by her delay. In the rapidly-forming coals rose pictures of a narrow cot in a hospital ward, a fever- burned boy tossing restlessly upon it, and a stately form, worn by watching and anxiety to semblance of itself, leaning tenderly over him, smoothing the hot pillow, while the age-veined hand put the cooling draught to his lips. And the girl's sense could actually hear the words of fervent prayer go up, above the boy's fair hair, anon changed to cheering talk of sister soon to come and bring relief. Quickly, unconsciously, memory's camera had changed its slide, and in the coals before her the picture was of a gay ball-room of the previous year. It was New Year night ; and the roads frozen ; and Richmond's best and her fairest were there, her bravest and her tenderest. To a dim nook, a stairway half hidden from the throng, came subdued hum of distant voices, softened music of a waltz. She heard the very notes,—low, sweet, and tremulous,—and her breathing kept time to the strain,—Lanner's ' Roman- tiker.' And to that rhythm there had kept time eager, earnest pleading of a strong, brave voice, tempered by deepest feeling and resistless truth, as it told anew ' the old, old story.' A shiver ran through her lithe form, the shining coils of ruddy hair bent lower on her breast, as Carolyn Clay saw the woman in the coals hesitate—half yield ; as she heard her own voice, scarce protesting, give its solemn pledge to remember,—to cherish those words always ; to wait until the war was over, but to trust —until the death ! Then a groan burst from her quivering lips ; the cheeks that glowed—spite of cap- tivity and peril, spite of watching mother and fevered bairn—suddenly sallowed, and the lips, thin curved by scorn, pressed tight- ly on each other, and a cruel light of dis- dainful hate gleamed from the hot gray eyes. For now memory whispered of that gray, bitter gloaming at head-quarters when the hints of men became certainty. Rumor— coming as the wind comes, whence no man listeth—crept through the camps that, he— Peyton Fitzhugh, their pride and boast, though but three months returned from Europe to serve his State—had ridden out of the lines without leave and was heard of no more ! Then—worse than news of capture, —of death itself !—that he, flower of Vir- ginian chivalry, had deserted. Oh, the shame, the hidden horror of it ! None dreamed of his plighted love, of her half-plighted troth ; but Carolyn Clay came of a line to whom their own disapproval was keenest of all reproach. And her heart hardened itself, even as Pharaoh's of old, against the man who had betrayed her,— worse, himself,—worst of all, his country! Nor was room left for doubt. Rumors, strange doubts, crept in at first ; then came to ones of disloyal work, with raiding Feder- als ; and, last, Captain Charlton reported that, riding with a gay party from a farm- house frolic, he himself had seen the traitor by the Federal officer who ambushed them. Charlton had fired, in his flight, and saw the tall deserter reel in his saddle, blood stream- ing from his brow, as his Kentucky hunter cleared the fence and distanced pursuit. And when this formal report was made at head- quarters, with name and date given, the fair, frank face of General Stuart had grown black as night. Twice he advanced on Charlton, ready to speak. Twice, by supreme effort, he controlled himself, strik- ing his fist upon the table at last, and thundering out,— ' From this hour, let no man dare to breathe the name of Peyton Fitzhugh in my command ! Gentlemen, so instruct your troops. Remember, this is not a request, but an order. See that it is obeyed !' So the grave of oblivion had closed over the memory of him who had been Stuart's chosen soldier, his knight exemplar. For Jeb Peyton Fitzhugh had been as dead to his old comrades as though his body actually festered in the grave, with the stake of superstition driven through it. Thus the fair girl sat and thought the night away, its minutes gliding swiftly on, as though her fancies had been sweet ; the snow falling without, faster, deeper, more silently ; the thud of the sentry's foot-fall less and less distinct. And the fire-flame flickered, grew dull, the brush-branches falling into coals, fast graying into ash. But she never moved, only the changeful flit of feeling over her features telling that she still waked and thought and suffered, even while the fertile brain formed plan after plan for escape, each quick-dismissed as hopeless. Out in the dim, misty edge of snow-drifts, cut by a clump of trees some dozen yards away from the hut, a shadow lurked. Once —again it moved, dim, noiseless, flitting as a ghost. Then, as the sentry turned away, beating his arms and shifting his carbine to keep down the snow-cramp, the shadow glided forth into the hazy light. Swift, noiseless, direct it sped upon the trooper's track. Nearer it drew,—nearer still ; a sudden spring, and an iron arm had circled his throat, a sudden wrench had torn the carbine from his grasp. Deadly still, but in deadly strain, the two strong men tagged some seconds. Then the shadow's arm relaxed, the trooper—limp, inert, helpless—slid from that death-like grip and sunk motionless upon the snow. The hinges of the crazy old door oreaked ominously, as Carolyn Clay turned her head. An instant later, she stood erect, defiant, as the smouldering brush flashed into flame before the draught. ' How dare you—coward ?' Low, clear, but almost in a hiss, came the words from the pale woman. ' Hush !' the man answered, in a voice so hollow she scarce recalled it. ' Betray yourself by any noise, and we both are lost. I come——' ' Peyton Fitzhugh ! leave me this instant, or I call the guard !' She drew up to her full height, pointing to the door with arm- sweep of a queen. ' Your very presence would be insult to any Virginian woman ; to me it is disgrace !' ' Listen !' the man answered, in hoarse whisper. ' Think what you will, but, for God's sake, hear me. I have just left the general. He is angered, vengeful. He knows all,—your real name, your attach- ment to Stuart, your mission to the river——' ' And you told him !'—the scorn in her voice was infinite.—' You !' ' I come to save you,' he answered, rapid- ly, the great effort to be calm only betrayed by heaving chest, and nails that dug into his clinched hands. ' Vilify, despise me as you must in thought, but waste no time in words. You remember that night ? Women like you forgot no more than men like me. Then I swore to serve you to the death.— Stop ! I know what you would say ; the gulf between us,—the shame,—the horror ! Oh, God ! Carolyn, do not stop for that ! Your life—your honor—my worthless life not counted—all rest an one single instant now ! Come ; you are free !' Something in the strong, low-spoken words, a will hers could not combat, forced the girl to listen, even while she shuddered and shook her head. Then, as the man eagerly, pleedingly, held out his hand, she drew back, her own self once more. ' Keep back !' she cried, with flashing eyes. ' You are lying to me !—lying for your revenge ! He who could betray his country would not scruple to betray a help- less woman.' A shadow of agony unspeakable swept the man's face, and his lips opened as if to speak. But a mighty effort closed them again ; and he answered only with pleading gesture to the door. ' Leave me !' the woman said, low but imperiously. ' Go ! or I call the guard !' ' Bitter, hard as you are,' the man ans- wered, calmly, but with laboring breast, ' your pride will ruin all. Miss Clay, by every memory of the past,—by the grave of my dead mother,—I swear I speak the truth. In the copse yonder stands my horse. The sentry is powerless. An hour's ride brings you to roads you know ; sunrise sees you safe with Confederate cavalry. By my soul, I swear I speak only truth.' ' And did I trust you——' ' Yes, I know,' he interrupted, eagerly, almost happily. ' If you do, it is not that you hate—despise me less, but that you must use such vile means for—the cause ! Will you come ?' Again he extended his hand, entreating. Again the woman drew back, with a shud- der. ' Oh, God ! Dare I trust this man ?' burst from her lips in half-sob. ' You can !' he whispered, eagerly. ' You can trust me as you could Evan, for your own sake,—for your cause,—for little Fair- fax !' ' You know ?' She stared at him. ' Yes, I know.' He hesitated an instant, adding, almost fiercely, ' It is the spy's business—the traitor's—to know all. Poor little Fairfax !'—again his voice softened to infinite tenderness,—' He will die—you will murder him—unless you use these means to save. An hour's ride and you are free, safe among friends.' With something like a sob, he finished, raising his hand to push the damp hair back from his forehead. The embers flickered into blaze again, throwing full light upon his face, and the woman—hesitant till then —again drew back, shuddering. ' An omen !' she cried. ' That scar— Cain's brand upon your forehead—warns me not to trust the traitor !' He stared at her wondering. ' Hypocrite !' she answered to the look, ' I too know all,—the swift Confederate brand upon you,—Captain Charlton's bullet marked——' ' Charlton !' A great amaze made his face blank one instant. Then the name passed his lips, low, vengeful as a curse. His breast rose and fell, as he dashed his hat to his head, striding one step towards her. ' Obstinate, relentless !' he said, rapidly, in hollow voice. ' Will you prove selfish as well ? Carolyn Clay, I have said what man dare say. Did I say one word more,—did I convince you,—then I should despise myself as you despise me ! I have solemnly sworn to save you, at risk of—of all that is left to me,— at risk of losing what a girl like you could never dream ! A moment more, the relief comes, and all is lost ; for I swear I will not leave this hut alone ! No : do not answer : there is no time. If your own honor is risked,—if your mother's heart is broken,—if little Fairfax dies for want of remedies his prideful sister might have won him,—then I call God to witness that the sin is on your head !' The woman's bosom rose and fell ; words rushing to her lips died upon them ; she heard her own heart beating thunderous in her throat. ' Come ! For the sake of all dear to you, —cauae, mother, brother,—come !' the man pleaded. ' Vile, despicable as I am in your eyes, let me atone in part, by saving you— and Fairfax.' The sob so close to Carolyn Clay's lips burst through them. A great joy gleamed in the deep eyes of the traitor Virginian ; and again—with obsecration, piteous in its meekness—he held out his hand. With bowed head, but quick gesture of dissent, the woman withdrew her own, half extended to take it ; but she pointed to the door, without a word. Into the blinding drifts of snow, whirling and eddying now in the colder wind, passed those two, he carefully closing the door, to hide all gleam from within. A few paces through the soft white carpet, then the woman drew back shivering, with what had been a cry, but for his warning hand upon her arm. ' My God ! You killed——' ' S-sh ! No ! Corolyn, are you a child ?' Fitzhugh whispered. ' One sound, and they are upon us. Be a woman ! Remember— Fairfax.' Again on swiftly and noiselessly, to the skirt of woods, into its heart, through crisp, snow-clad underbrush, out into the open, a hundred yards beyond. There stood a noble horse saddled but untethered, a cavalry blanket wound about the pommel to form a lady's seat. As Fitzhugh approached, the brute reared his muzzle, about to whinny, but was silent at his master's quick touch. ' So-o, boy ! Steady, Custer !' He turned to the girl, who stared instinctively at the name. ' That is his name ; you must use it, for he knows no other. Nor does he know whip, or need spur. Speak to him as you were his mistress ; and he will cary you to safety and —freedom ! Let him have his head—he knows every foot of road—until day breaks Then you should be at Scruggs's farm. Take the left fork there. An hour's gallop should bring you to Rosser's advance, Colo- nel Randolph in command. They are moving straight for Harper's Ferry, to cut us off. They are in our rear'—he hesitated an instant, speaking very slowly, as the girl stared blankly at him. ' You understand ; they are in our rear ; and the general will not strike them at Berkley's Cross-Roads, this morning, as he expects. Now mount.' The man's tone had changed from that he had used in the hut. Perfectly respect- ful, he yet spoke in a voice of command that swayed the woman with a sense of power. He held out his hand. Without hesita- tion she placed her foot in it, and was lifted lightly to saddle, the reins easy in her firm grasp, her foot in the thoughtfully shorten- ed stirrup. Then the man bared his head in the blinding, driving snow, speaking with quiet deference her lover lords had never need to Britain's virgin queen : ' You understand, Miss Clay ; let Custer go his own way until you strike Scruggs's. Then the left fork and Rosser's advance ——' He paused, listening intently. ' No time to lose : I hear distant change of arms. The relief is out. God speed you and save— your boy!' The woman sat motionless, wordless, as though she were in a dream and feared to wake and find it so. Suddenly she broke down, with a great effort half sobbing,— ' Oh ! I—should—thank—— Oh ! if——' ' Hush !' he answered, softly, but with a great tremor in his voice ; and his hand, in- voluntarily stretched towards her, changed its direction and stroked caressingly the tense, wet neck of the horse, that rubbed its muzzle softly on his shoulder. Then he turned away,—hesitated,— spoke : ' God ! girl, do not tempt me—even for sake of you !—to say what I should not,— must not! Go, Carolyn ! go ! War is un- certain,—my life in unusual peril. If you hear I have died the spy's death, pray for the soul you believe false to everything, the soul that God in heaven, looking on us now, knows true'—a half-sob bore the words— ' to you!' The clank of arms came faintly on the wind. At his touch the horse moved softly on into the snowy road, the man standing still, with bared head and eyes upraised. Then, when the whirling eddies hid the rider from his sight, that bold rider, that reckless soldier, that traitor Virginian, fell upon his knees and dropped his face in his clasped hands. Soon he rose, with gesture of defiance to the now clear-sounding arms, turned into the denser woods, and strode rapidly away. Five minutes later, the relief reached the extra post at the hut. No sentry chal- lenged ; and the lank New-England ser- geant, advancing warily, stumbled over the prostrate trooper, conscious, but sick and dizzy. Calling the relief to advance, the sergeant raised the supposed offender, as he muttered to himself,— ' Can't blame him much ! Might myself, such a nasty night. But where in 'tarnal thunder did he git the rum ?—Phew ! Chloroform !' 