New "Wesleyaa Church, Aran -0- *5* "*+ Lunro or SIkkohial Stokes. The laying of memorial stones in counec- ! Hon with the new Wesleyan Church took I place on Wednesday afternoon, but, owing i to the unfavourable weather, the atten dance was not so large as was anticipated; there was, however, a very encouraging as semblage to witness the ceremony. The weather during the morning was very hot j and oppressive, and towards noon the rising | clouds indicated an approaching storm, 1 which brpke over the city about 1 o'clock, accompanied by heavy thunder and light- ; ning. About 2.30 the rain ceased, and at j | the appointed time, viz., 3 o'clock, there was a fair sprinkling of people at the building, the choir and school children mustering in ; force. In connection with the erection of ] the new church, it had long been the opin ion of the governing body tbat the old edi- j fice which has done service for about 30 years had outgrown the requirements of the congregation, and that increased ac commodation was absolutely necessary. An idea was suggested to enlarge the old church and build a Sunday School on the adjoin I ing ground, but, on mature consideration, i it was thought advisable to build a new church, and utilise the old one for Sunday School purposes, and this they decided to j carry out. The new building is to be of i the Gothic style of architecture, with double i entrance porches facing Busden-street, and j i is being erected on the land adjoining the > old church. It will be 61ft. long by 34ft. j 6in. wide, with a principal roof covered ; with slate. The height of the walls will | average 19ft., the floor eloping toward tbe : pulpit end, height from floor to ridge ; board 44ft. It was at first intended to lay | the memorial stones on November 2, but, owing to the continued wet weather just | prior to that date, it was deemed advisable I to postpone the ceremony, and Wednesday last was finally decided upon. The walls of the building are now about 8ft- high, and the contractor is making very good progress with the work. The enclosure was de corated with a number of flags, and a stage was erected on which the choir and Sunday School children were arranged under the leadership of Mr. B. Moore and Mr. Ha rold Dean as organist. The proceedings commenced by the singing of a hymn, after which the Bev. W. G. Taylor offered up a prayer. A portion of the 97th Psalm was then read by the Bev. W. J. Walker, | and the anniversary hymn, " Marching On," was rendered. Mr. T. Lambert, secre- | taxy of the trust, announced that under j each of the memorial stones sealed bottles | would be placed containing copies of the Express, Chronicle, Messenger, and Me thodist of the latest dates, also papers stating the names of the present presidents of the British, New South Wales, and Queensland conferences, the names of the ] Armidale Circuit Ministers, also of the trustees and officials of the Armidale church, the architect (Mr. Evan Evans), and the contractor for the building (Mr. E. Sharp). Mr. P. Dean, Treasurer of the Trust, read a statement of the finances in connec tion with the new building, showing that the contract price was JEL963, amount bor rowed on mortgage JB1200, subscriptions promised and paid JE489 lis. 5d., leaving ! the sum of about J6300 to realise to clear j off all the debt excepting the mortgage. Another hymn followed, and the Bev. W. H. Beale announced that an invitation had been emit to Mrs. Ellen Schofield, one Methodism, to come and lay one of tbe memorial stones tbat day, but, owing to ! her age and feebleness, she was unable to j undertake the long journey, as much as i she would like to be present among them, ! In a communication, he, had received from i that lady she had asked to be allowed to appoint a proxy, to perform the ceremony, and requested that Mr. E. Lonsdale should lay the stone for her, and, though she was unable to be present, her best wishes were sent, accompanied by a cheque for 290 to wards the building fund. Mr. E. Lonsdale was then banded a silver j chased trowel with ivory handle, on which the following inscription was engraved: 1 Presented to Mrs. Ellen Schofield on the occasion of her laying memorial stone of Wesleyan Church, Armidale, 30th Novem ber, 1892," and also a myall wood mallet, and proceeded to place the stone on the eastern side of the entrance into position as it was lowered by the block and tackle. On it being properly adjusted he declared the stone, which had the inscription, "This stone was laid for Mrs. Ellen Scho field, November 30th, 1892," well and truly laid in the name of the Bather, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and expressed the great pleasure it gave him to have been selected to perform the ceremony, as he considered that the erection of buildings for God's worship was one of the best things we could do in this life. Me knew that among some people it was going out of fashion to attend a place of worship, tbat it was considered good enough for women and children, but he was quite satisfied to be numbered among those who entered God's house. He believed that a higher moral tone and more religion was required to build up a powerful nation among I They should look at the principles taught by Christ, and endeavour to follow them out, as his teachings were of the veiy highest order of morality. He alluded to the way in which class was set against class, the difficulties in the legislature of the country, and in many other phases of life, which would be much better if the doctrines of Christianity were generally observed. In epeating of the early struggles of the church in Armidale, he referred to the great interest taken in the work by Mr. Biehard Hargrave, who had supported it most liberally whenever occasion required it. He was well aware that that gentleman would not thank him for mentioning his name in connection with the matter, but he considered Mr. Hargrave was deserving of the deepest respect for the manner in which he had given. He did not care to let his right hand know what his left did, and, although pressed to lay one of the memorial stones that day, he would not accept any honor, being quite content in his true christian spirit to remain unnoticed as it were. The hymn, " Christ is our corner stone," was sung, and the Bev. W. H. Beale laid the stone on the western side of the entrance, which was inscribed, "This stone was laid by Bev. W. H. Beale, November 30th, 1892," a similar trowel and mallet being presented to him by Mr. P. Bean. On declaring the stone duly laid he said he should remember the occasion with interest during his life and the honourable part he had taken in the day's proceedings. He did not think they had started one day too soon in building their church. He referred to the old church that had done service for so many years, of the heroic manner in which the members of that time had paid for it when it was opened, anil regretted they were unable to follow their good example in connection with the new building. He was very glad to be able to join in the. proceedings of thai day, which were" so auspicious and. full .of promise, and hoped that the church would not only he an ornament to the town and he the means of providing extra accommodation, but provide for the spiritual comfort and. good of «11 He stated that he had received an apology from Mr. James Inglis, MX.A., who could not posMbly attend, but who forwarded £1 Is. towards the building fund. He had also received tie following amounts towards the fund: Mr. F. P. Edwards £10, Mr. TV. Allen £5 5s., Mr, B. A. Young, Mayor of West Maitland, J55 and best wishes, and Mr. B. "Weaver £2. In conclusion he announced that offerings to the building fund could be placed on the stones, and contributed .£10 himself. The Bev. W. G. Taylor said he was glad the Trustees had the pluck to commence the building in such times of commercial depression, and alluded to numbers of large works being inaugurated in troublesome times. Speaking of the doctrines of church he believed that God had put it in j Methodism to spread scriptural holiness ] throughout the land in the colonies in the same manner as it did in the old country. The same doctrines always existed in their j church, and he could say the Methodists were loyal to their doctrines. No matter whether it was the youngest probationer or the President of the Conference they had only the one doctrine to preach. There was no up and down grade in the church. Their doctrine taught them that it was possible for all men to be saved, and he was proud to say that the belief was spreading throughout the world. "God bo loved the world that he gave only begotten Son," was the truth that they were going to preach in the new church. It had been preached by them in the past, and would continue in the future. They were there to tell: men that they are by nature children of wrath, but there was in the bosom of their Maker infinite mercy and love to lead them in the way of rejoicing. Without being thought egotistical or reflecting upon other denominations, he believed that the Methodist Church was the church of the people, and he should regret to see it become more respectable. He was : glad to see the church taking such a prominent position in social reform, and referred to the great strides of the Temperance movement. In the United States of America there were 13,000 clergymen and 2,000,000 members of the Wcsleyan Church all out and out temperance advocates. In Canada only temperance men were allowed in the ministry. In Australia all the clergymen were sympathetically in favour of temperance, and he hoped before long the conference would faave the machinery in full, working order to deal vigorously with the question. He made an appeal for flands on behalf of the building, and exhorted tbern to make an heroic effort to wipe the debt out. The offertories were then deposited on the stones, and a collection was also taken up with the result that the sum of £104 was added to the building fund, including the amounts stated previously as being received by the Bev. W. H. Beale. The choir rendered the hymn, "This stone to thee in faith we lay," and the proceedings terminated. A public tea meeting was held the same evening in the old Town Hall to celebrate the event, at which there was a very large attendance, the tables having to be twice replenished to accommodate the strain. After tea a public meeting was held, and , in introducing Mr. E. Lonsdale, JLP, as chairman on that occasion the Bev. W. H. Beale alluded to him as having been connected with their church all his life, one whose sympathies were entirely with them, the senior member and officer of the Armi\x=req-\ dale church, the trusted representative of the district, and he did not tliitilr they could select anyone more suitable for the position. Mr. Lonsdale, in taking the chair, said that when he landed in Armidale 23 years ago the Wcsleyan property was the best in the district, but he was sorry to say that the others had passed them. They were now, however, about to makeanother start, and he hoped they would take a stand in the front rank again. He referred to the noble wort of those who built the old church 30 years ago, and opened it free of debt, and especially mentioned the liberality of Mr. Richard Hargrave, who came forward and assisted them when they erected the parsonage by supplementing the amount raised by 25 per cent-, and also j paid 25 per cent, of the annual payments j due on that building until it wu cleared I off,. They might say that Mr. Hargrave I could afford it; perhaps so, he added, but how many were there who had the means hut not the inclination to give. He thought the people had great faith in the old days, and that it was greatly wanted in the' present age. It had been remarked that he (the speaker) had been loyal to method jam, but be was no more loyal than be ought to be, for if he was anything at all he owed it to methodism—his position, domestic happiness, and the saving of his soul. He asked them to assist in the ngble work they had in hand, and to endeavour to raise the tone of morality in their midst. He incidentally referred to the Federation question, and expressed a hope that the whole of the churches in the world would be federated under one bead. The Rev. P. M'Quoen expressed his dis appointment at not being present at the ceremony during the afternoon, and was very glad thst things had made *snch a good start in connection with the new church. Referring to the federation of the churches, he said he was glad to see the efforts made by the Wesleyan Method ists in uniting all branches of their church, and thought that some means should be devised of establishing one great church, instead of them standing aloof from each other in the way they were doing. He was glad they were making the effort to build a new church. There had been many good, generous men in the Wesleyan and Presby terian churches, and would to God there were more of them, bo that they could be free from debt, and the clergymen could put forth more powerful efforts, and not feel the sting of poverty, as they were often compelled to do. He was pleased with the aggresiveneas of the Wesleyan Church— they always continued onward; what they did they entered into heart and soul, with an intention of canyingitthrough. Speak ing of church work, he said he greatly ob jected to the oppositionists—those who were constantly throwing obstacles in the way of good work because they had different ideas. They should stick together like drops of water jn the ocean, and in the end their efforts would be crowned with great success. They must enter into the work in the same spirit that characterised the actions of Christ, seeking the holy spirit first, and then set about their work in harmony and peace, throwing aside all obstacles, and success would he assured them. "He wished them every success in their undertaking, pointed out the advan tages of having increased accommodation for church and Sunday School work, and exhorted them to enconrage the good work by their sympathies and liberality. The Rev. W. G. Taylor, Superintendent of the Central Methodist Mission, Sydney, said he was very glad to be among them, and remarked incidentally that he did not think the Armidale people recognised all the privileges they possessed. They were 4000 feet nearer to Heaven than the people of Sydney, and he had come among them for some inspiration. He dwelt at length upon the many delights of living in the country, and the healthy and happy ap pearance of those present. He said the church was never nearer federation than at the present time. In Sydney the clergy men all met on one common platform. There were hundreds of them of all denomi nations constantly meeting together, which was, he considered, a sign of the times, and should cause them to thank God and take courage. As fat qs Sydney was concerned, Church of England Ministers were finding out that they lost nothing by fraternising with the Methodist Ministers, and he hoped the time was not far distant when there would be a feeling of oneness among them. He could not understand why people had such sedate and repressive expressions on their countenances when they became con verted, and said he always liked to see them retain all their sprightliness and viva city to show the happiness of their posi tions. In the old days, judging by the pictures of the clergymen of those times, they wore a very pharasaical expression, which many of the present day copied in stead of going about with cheerful coun tenances. He thought there was not suffi cient attention given to the jnvenile portion of their congregations. Children were com pelled to sit in church and listen to a ser mon that they did not understand one word about, instead of having something interesting and lively said to them. They should make the church as attractive as possible, so that the children would long to go, and they would then grow up to like it. More sunshine and brightness was wanted in the service. Their speech and manners in both church and Sunday school should he in accord with the ways of the little ones, and then when they ar rived at maturity they would not leave it disgusted, as many do now. He well remem bered that the best part of the service he liked when a boy was the benediction, as there was then a chance of his getting out, and there were many like him. He spoke of a strong effort being made to convert people. They should, as it were, make their churches converting furnaces, and enter into the work with, a determination to accomplish it. He believed they were ou the eve of a great awakening in the Methodist Church, and referred to Hie pro gress of the church in Sydney, where lawyers, doctors, and other men holding high positions were to be seen preaching of the converting influence of Hie blood iff Jesus Christ in the open air, and great- good was being done at those gatherings. In dealing with the question of raising money, he said he never saw much lengthened diffi culty when the spiritual feeling of the church was high, where a high toned spiri tual feeling prevailed, it carried all before it. They should not expect everything to come from the pulpit—the pews must do their share. They must not think it a com pliment to subscribe to the church; they should rather think it an honour to sub scribe even to the very last penny, cuitail ing their luxuries, and denying themselves to assist in clearing off the debt. He con cluded by making a most stirring appeal for promises towards liquidating the lia bilities on the building. The Rev. W. H. Beale delivered a short and practical speech dealing with the fin ancial affairs of the new church, and made an appeal for subscriptions. A canvas was then made of the room with the result that £50 was promised and [ subscribed, making a total for the day of ! £160. i The Rev. W. H. Beale announced that 1 Mr. A, J. Clarke had kindly presented the amount of the memorial stones to the building fund. A vote of thante to the ladies who ge nerously provided the tea, sad also to the choir, was proposed, and eamed'by ac clamation. The meeting closed with the singing of the doxology by all present, and the bene diction by the Eev. W. J. Walter. The choir rendered several anthems dar ing the evening, contributing' in no- small degree to the pleasures of the gathering, and several solos were also contributed, the chief items being: Solo, " Help Me- to Pray," Miss Dean; solo, "Apart," Mis Watt; and the anthems, " Every Word, of God is Pure," "Hosannah to the Son of David," "Adoration," and " Sweet Chim ing Belig." 