iESTOHES. " ; : j " Exceeding tulL men'--have- ever very empty -heads," ...writes Juord Bacon.- -Thomas 'Fuller saj's ' mora warih', '?" Often tlio cocldoft is empty in those'' whom ? ? Nature liatli ? built many ? storeys; high"-a metaphor ' seemingly borrowed - from'1 Bacon's " Nature",did liever put her precious jewels intoa garret four storeys high." . Compare; Fuller's moderate " often " "with Bacon's' sweeping " ever",;.,and never," .which surely smack .of some personal" ill-luck: . Gaii'it heitliat: tlie " wisest," brightest, meanest, of luan kind'-was dealing a': side - thrust ,at Elizabeth's tall favorite, mv Lord :of Leicester ? Meanwhile there needs no ghost to tell its that both Bacon and Fuller were liicn ofjruiddle height. But now1 Balzac steps forward in. cap and bells to give-us the same old. dbg in a'ne\vi;doublett"-^--': Toils' les ?grands'homines ont eto pbtits,"' says he, . and 'we defy all England to trans late that phrase-it hears too man} meanings. It may seein 'strngo tliat tlie tallest of " the tall once wore long clothes or that the greatest of great men was once small enough for' the cradle. Socrates was stumpy, also St. Paul- and Alexander the Great, ' great only as a warrior. In stature, both he and his far more intellectual father, ;-Phillip of Jjlacedon, scarce reached middle height. In this re gard we may _ raiik tlieni witli the famous Spartan General, Agesilans ; with Attila; tlio ?" Scourge' of God " broad "shouldered, thickest, sinewy, sliort : - with ? Theotloric IL, King of the Goths, of whom*:, Cnssio ciorus writes " JLLe is : rather short than tall," somewhat stout, with shapely limbs alike litlie and strong." Ac tins, too, commander in cliief of the Roman troops, and prop of the totter ing- Koiiian Empire, in the .days of Valentinian, -was a man of low stature therein resembling Timour the Tartar, self-described as " a ""puny, laine, decrepit little wight, though Loi'd of Asia.and terror of the "World ; " also the great Conde,- and his pigmy con temporary Marshal Louxeiubourg, nicknamed " the Little" by those who admired him'for making Louis the fourteenth Louis the Great; who by the by, less" his high-heeled slioes and towering wig, dwindles to about five feet six." "But even: thus pared down to the inches JJature gave' him, lie was a giant compared' with Sir Francis"!Drake and with 'Admiral Keppel-" little Keppel " as every sailor in the fleet fondly dubbed liim from pure love and admiration. AVIiereby a tale, if but to break the jog-trot of this catalogue. "When, then, Keppel-a commodore at twenty-four-was sent- to demand an apology from the Dey of "Algiers for an insult to the British Hag, lie took so high a tone that the Dey ex claimed against the insolence of the British king for charging a " beard less boy, " with such a message to him. .Replied the beardless boy, ." were ray master' wont " , to take length of beard for ' a test of -wisdom, he'd have sent your Deyslnp a he-goat." Oliver Cromwell, ClaVer house, and Mehehiet Ali must be con tent to take it out in brains, for they all lacked inches. Two of these great names naturally suggest that .of an other famous soldier and usurper^ Napoleon Bonaparte, Le petit Cojmritt, as his men lovingly called" him, stood about'live feet (French) in his stockings, say live feet one and three quarters (English). In stature, the Iron Duke beat him by ? six inches, while the live feet four of Nelson place him midway,- or there abouts, between the victor aiid the. victim of "Waterloo.' Sir Christopher "Wren resembled the smallest of British birds not iu name only. Staying with. Charles II.' ! tit the' monarch's ISfewmarket hunting-lodge, Sir Chris to pher heard Mm complain that the rooms lacked height. " Pardon me. Sire," hehrolce in./'" to me they seem high enough." ' "Ay, hud to me, too,: 'now'" replied 'the Merry Monarch, crouching til! his . buttocks nearly touched the floor. /For this king, who1 " never said'a foolish thing and never did a wise one," would have made two Christopher Wrens. Byron stood five feet eight in his stockings-a- libei-al allowance ' of inches for a poet". -But his friend Torn Moore redresses this disturbance of the average. Moore never reached five feet, save in'his versesj the first of which, :by . the : by:" lie published under the pen name, " Thomas Little." And when at length he doffed the mask, some impudent wag hailed the change with the' 'undeniable assertion "Moore ictts 'Little, and . little h Moore." We trust that Mr Swinburne the nightingale of our nineteenth i century " singing birds," will forgive us for branding liim as every inch a I j poet, even to the fewness of 1I?k influx I . Gentleman's 2Ttujazine. 