F00TL1GHT f LASHES. THE EOTAI jDOMIO OPERA COMPANY. 1 'Tho Gondoliers' EeYiyed. ENTHUSIASTIC EXCEPTION. The Empire Company at tlio Gnrrlok. CARL HERTZ THE MARVELLOUS. ' The Tloket of Leave Man' at the Imperial Opora House. IiBSt Nights— Ulsa Jennie Leo's Benoflt— The Alhambra BIuslc Ilall — Myra Kern bie's Night nt tho Town Hall— The : Vandervecr-Grcen Benefit— And Dramatlo News and Notes. Her Majesty's Thoatro wag pa'cKed— orammed to its utmost carrying enpaoity — on Saturday ,wlion 'Tho Gondoliers' was revived, and hundreds wero unablo to gain admission. Times may be bad, but Gilbert and Sullivan's opera is such a popular one that tho money is found somewhore or another, and this was further exemplified by the attendances on Monday ana last niRlit. i tie only o ban Re in the oast since the picco was produced at tho Eoyal is tho substitution oE the new comedian Mr. Lauri for Mr. Elton in the part o£ tho Dnko of Plaza-Toro, and without wishing to mako comparisons, right well did Mr. Lauri perform. The audience on Saturday was a oordial but exacting one, and whilst the opera went splendidly, tko continuous demand for a repetition of the many good things therein must have been particularly trying to the; company. As on the occasion when the piece was first presented, the songs to find most favor wcro tho Dnke of Plaza-Toro's song1 'In Enterprise of Martial Kind,' well Bung; by Mr. Lauri; '1 Stole the Prince,' onoo again oapitally sung by Mr. Howard Vernon, and encored; 'When a Merry Maiden Marries,' in wbioh Miss Violot Varley was enthusiastically received; and 'Kind Sir, You Oannot Have the Heart,' also exceed ingly well sung by Miss Graupner, and well received in tho bargain. Many other numbers again found considerable favor. The duet between Casilda'and Lmz, 'Bead as tho Last Tear's L'eaves,' one of the prettiest in the opera, was delightfully Bung by Miss Florence Young and Mr. Sydney Deane. Again, the quartotto, ' Then Oho of Us Will Be, a . Queen,' by. the Misses Varloy and Granpner and Messrs. Byley and Brnooy, was warmly received ? and the'sorig commencing ' Rising Early in tlie Morning,' by Guiseppe, and 'Take a Pair of Sparkling Eyes,' by Marco, were. well sung, especially the latter, and both wore re-demanded. The caohuca, with its castanot nei'ompauimeut, was again a pro '. minent hit, -'id the quartotte by Maroo, . Guiseppe, 'I' ---ii, and Gianotto., 'In a Contemplativi- Jt'iujhion' — a noteworthy com position — whs also enthusiastically encored. Lived'a King,' was also encored, and the quintette between the Duke, the Duchess, Casilda, Maroo, . and Guiseppe, terminating with, the exceedingly pretty gavotte, went splendidly. The finale, with its recurrenoe of the cachuca, brought to a successful oonolusion what will always be a popu lar opera with our theatre-frequenters. The interpretation of the opera left nothing to bo desired. Mr. Lauri, as the Duko of Plaza-Toro, created a favorable impression. Admirably made up, he made a hit in the song ' In Enterprise of Jlartial Kind,' whioh he Bang well, although after Elton's robust and droll stylo, tlie now-comor appears quite serious. Mr. Lauri was seen to advantage as a dancer in the famous gavotto at . the end of tho second act, and alto gether acquitted himself iu a satis-. factory manner. Mr. Howard Yernoh ib again seen to great advantage as the Grand Inquisitor, andhe was enthusiastically encored inTl I Stole thePrinbo.' Miss Violet Varloy makes a charming Tessa, and ' ' When a Merry Maiden Marries' was delightfully sung. In Glanetta MiBS flora Graupner has a part that ? suits her admirably , and in 'Kind Sir, You Cannot Have the Heart,' the audience insisted, on an oncore, and Miss Graupner was the recipient of a boatifnl bouquet. Both Miss Graupuer and Miss Varley were encored for. many other of their numbers.' Miss! casie uameron again was very successful as the Duohoss, and in her one good chance, ' On the Day When I Was Wedded,' was heartily greeted. Mr. Charles Ryley scored a Bignal succosb as Guiseppe. His song 'Rising Early in tho Morning, perhaps found more faTor than any other. It is a trying song to sing, and although Mr. Byley did well, much of his work in concerted pieces was bettor done. Mr. Henry Bracy sang the musio allotted to Marco admirably. He was perhaps at his best in ' Take a Pair of Sparkling Eyes,' which was capitally sung. Mr. Sydney Deane made a handsome Luiz, and . Miss Florence Young a oharming Casilda. The duet between them, ' Dead as tho Last Year'B Leaves,' had to be repeated. It is deoidedly one of the gems of tho opora. Mr. Wm. Rosevear aoquitced himself satisfactorily as Antonio, and was encored for his first song. The remainder of the cast was in every way satisfactory. Tho opera — magnificently mounted — from first to last went splendidly, and was a hugo Buccess. Mons. Leon Caron ably conducted, and tho dunces arranged and iuvontod by Miss Marie Keddall, deserve favorable mention. Mr. P. Goatoher'B scene in Act I., Tho Piazotta, Venice, is particularly well painted, whilst the soene showing tho Pavilion in tho Palace of Barataria, by J. Brunton, is also a beauti ful set. 'The Gondoliers' again wont ?plondidly on Monday to a packed houso, and last nipht not an inoh of Bparo room could be found. It is a marvellous success, and should Buooeod in putting up a record in the way of sightly attendances during its run. ' Iolnntho' is to follow. a » » Carl Hortz and tho clever company at the Garriok Theatro have done big business Bince the opening night, and Mr. L. L. Lohr,' the manager, has beon smiling — no double mean ing about this— nightly. There is 'nopos- islblo doubt whatever ' that Carl Hertz is a| marvellous man. Ho would mako an excellent i Treasurer at the prosent timo, as ho appears to be able to produce untold wealth from, nothing. His illusions aro extraordinary, ancl mystify the audience in a manner positivolj startling. Hia card tricks aro olovor, ardl also his celebrated illusions. Stroubaika is a decided norolty. How a man locked onto . a board oan suddenly disappear and a worn an tako hia pHoo is a mystery no follo'ir can comprohend. iErolitho, the myst say ' of tho air, is a weird, almost ? Bur Mr natural performance. 'Miss iErolitlja' floats about in tho most ghost-liko man ner. Bho does an evon-time walking mutch, apparently treading tho air, and then ?he stands on her head and walkB rnpside Sown. Sho skips through a hoop, and noats about without any apparent effort in a v ttriety of attitudes. This illusion is tho oldtvoroat Wnjr we havo ovor soen in this lino. When tXKev Zoaland wo believe tho MaoiSa put down Carl Hortz asictn man in loaguo with a certain gentleman ;ocoupying an exalted position in tho lowoir rogions. When ho pro duced awlnto rab'pit from an old Maori ?Chiefs baok hair (;he wholo tribo fled, and stood at a uafo diet anno trembling with awo. This is Mr. Lohr'fl 'Porsion, and as his veracity is ob undoubted as Wnatof any other theatrical manager, it must -*0 corroct. Anyhow, Carl. Hertz is a wonder,, rand oven when you soo you can't bolievo— liona ho does it. In addition to Hertz thoro aro tho favorites of tho last Royal Pantomini/o. Tho Fairy Four aro as popular as ov a:. Their dancing is grace ful, and ns thoy whirl about iu a mass of, embroidered whito skirts, they rouso tho enthusiasm of tluo audience to n, high pitoh. Thoy aro four pr etty girls, and exceedingly gooddancors. Wfr. Fred Mason is amusing, but he baa a 1mb it of emaoking his jaw with his hand whic'ii becomos monotonous. Tho best thing he -does iB tho imitation of Carl Hertz, which hi both clovor and ludicrous. Mibs Eoao Dei u.-ing looks nico, and although sho ,,has not e. voico like Patti, sho siugB moderately v» all and dancos gracofully. Tho present soasoi i at tho Garrick is limited, and therefore Caid Hortz should not bo missed. He's, undoubtedly tho best 'magician' we have ever had hero. . «i ? ? Tom Taylc.r's ' Tickot-of-Leavo Man' at the Opora Hrfmso has beon produced to good business simjo Saturday night. It is many years Bince , Tom Taylor's drama was first produoed, and it has beon popnlar with tho publio ovor since. Hawksbaw, tho detectivo, is as well kn own as ' the only Lenthall,' and Bob Brieeloy and Sam Willoughby are familiar fri ends. A drama of tho good old sort, 'Triij Tickot-of-Leave Man,' no half and-half U'usiness about it, plonty of oxcito ment and. powerful situations. Tho Lan cashire bid's troubles rouso tho sympa thies of the audience, and Sam Wil loughby's fund of humor and pathos mixed al nmys ensures a favorable roception. Many Bterling actors have played in tho ' Tickot-*)f-Loavo Man' at ouo timo or another, land Honry Novillo's name is brought vividly t«- mind iu connection with it. Last night tr«iro was a good houso, and the drama wont we*l from start to finish. Miss Jonnio Leo plaj/ed Sam Willoughby, a charncter in which sue has appeared many times. Her acting ivas perfoct, and as sho introduced songs in mado tho part still more interesting. Miss L'ao is an admirable ' boy,' and iu such a character as Sam Willoughby Bhe appears to the best advantage. It was a great con trast -from ' Jco,' and both boys were equally good in their way. Throughout the evening Miss Lee was heartily applauded. Mr. J«wott plays Bob Brierley, the Lancashire Lad, tind he has a very fair idea of the dialect. It is not often wo Bee Mr. Jewott in the cbariiicter of an honest man on the stage. He has f generally played villains, but it says much for his ability as. a versatile actor that he can so easily adapt himself to the character of Bob Brierloy. Mr. Harry Shine's Groen Jones is excellent, and Mr. Poulton's Melter Moss a first-rate character sketch. Mr. Grovillo plajys Hawkshaw, the detectivo, and although he is hardly seen at his best in the ' part, ho is, as usual, a general favorite. Mr. Edwin Kelly's Mr. Gibson is a dignified per focmiince. Miss Rosa Conroy, as May Eld wards, the heroine of the play, has a very fair idea of what is. required of her, but her acting is not powerful. She is, however, in teresting, and contributes to the success of tho play. Miss Ada Leo is ncapitalEmily St. .Evremond, and Mrs. Bryer, as the loquacious Mrs. Willoughby, could not be better. To morrow evening Miss Jennie Lee takes a well deserved benefit prior toner departure from .Australia. The popular actress Bhould have a big house on this occasion. ? ?? . ..»...? Mr. Waltor Bentley drew a crowded house : on Saturday in ' Tho Bells 'at tho Newcastle Victoria Theatre. A deputation of Newcastle citizens, introduced by Mr. Alexander Brown, waited upon Mr. Bentloy, aud asked him to glay ' Hamlet ' and ' Rob Roy.' Mr. entley 's time being limited, ho could only consent to play 'Hamlet.' Brisbane is next visited. » * ? .. There was a crowded house at the Alhambra Music Hall last Monday evening to witness' the weekly change of programme. The songs rendered were: 'Bid Mo Goodbye,'' Miss Grace Harding ; 'When the Sun has Set,' Miss Bertha Faning; 'The Old -House at Home/' Miss Ra« Cowan j ' The Scout,' Mr. E. Lawler; 'I am horo to meet you,' Mr. W. King ; dr.amo.tio, ' As in a Looking-glass,' Mr. Harry Hastinga ; martial. 'The Old Flag,' Mr. A. Wi Hulme ; comio, ' Widdy widdy-wink,' Mr. Irving Sayles; 'Turkey, Cake and Wine,' Mr. Charles Pope; 'You Can't,' Mr; Charles Bovis ; ' The Golden Sword,' Mr. Charles Faning. Eaoh of the items were loudly applauded. Messrs. Mar tini, Francis, Trevo, Charlie Faning, the Bovis Brothers, the Australian Team (Delohery, Craydon, and Holland), Miss St. Clair (serio comic), T. C. Callagban, Irving Sayles, and Charles Pope all did well in the olio, and were/ well received in the bargain. The whol e. concluded with the farcical comedy, entitled ' Adonis,' the parts of which were, taken 'as follows :— Mr. Squinton (miller), James Cr/j,y don; Mrs. Squinton, Charles Ryan; Bsjsio (their daughter), Miss R. Jones ; Mr. Bar f ,um, Irving Sayles; and Jake and Pete f;farm hands), Charles Faning and Miss M. Fir/mo. ? «? ? ..'??.???/' Miss Maggio Moore and her companfy are in Wagga playing at tho Oddfellow'^ Hall. 'Struck Oil' will bo produced tr^. morrow, with Miss Moore, of course, as Lizzi/i Stofel. » ? ? / '? ? . Tho Jubilee Singers commence '», short eea son of three nights this evening sft the Albert Hall, Bourko. ? * '? ..- The grand complimontary fjrjnoort to-be tondered to Madame Vanderve/ ir- Green, prior to hor doparturo from Sydney ,.' promises to bo an adequate recognition of. her valnable services and aid given in mav,y a good cause during her stay in this ;' city. The con cert takes placo on Satuyaay evening next at the Centennial Hall, /ana Mr. Charles Huencrbein, who is ao'jing as hon. see., informs us that tho progrir imme will be one of tho best ever submitted 'to a Sydnoy audienoe. The booking-oflioe is at .Valing's. ? ? , ». , ,» TheAjiQus Bays tb a. t the largest audienoe that ever assembled /inside the walla of the Melbourne Bijou. w«is drawn ? together last Saturday night to witness the firet appearance of Mr. A. W. Pinor' j's four-act comedy ' The Times,' original1 /y produced at Terry's Theatre in Londo\ *, on Ootober 24, 1891. It was a very great e access. ? ;«?_??? The entertainrr e-nt now being worked up by MissMyraKern'o'lein aid of tho women and children at prcs } nt destitnte in this city, is likely to be a v^ery big success. As is well known, it will take placo at the Town Hall on Saturday, July 30, and so far as Miss Kemble is cor merned, arrangements ore well forward. T fee cast of ' Dr. Bill ' will be strong, and ' rill inolnde Mrs. Molyneux and Mr. R. Owe a Harris. a ? ? The Cogi' D. Bros.' Minstrel Company con tinues to attract large audiences at St. George's Jfiall, Melbourne. Tho entertain ment on F Saturday evening was considerably improved /by tho appearance of Will Whit burn, ne £ro delinoator ; Lyndon and Maher, acrobat: ic song and danco artists ; Miss Gladys Leigh, ?? i burlesquo actress ; and Miss Kitty Ward, dansouse. * ? o The (Melbourne Opera House was well filled on S: tturday ovoning, when Mrs. Bornard Beor e Etaged ' Fedora,' supporting tho prim r'ipal character borsolf. The great scopo for ' p owerful acting and intensity of expres sior i afforded by tho part was availed of to tho lur hist extent Dy iurB. jjeore, mm uur uuurta we ra warmly appreciated by hor audience. M rs. Beere was splendidly supported by Mons. Miu-ius, Mr. Herbert Standing, Mr. Otho S (mart, Miss Urquhart, and others. ? * « The revival of Shakespsaro at the Princess' theatro has been characterised by tho ??thoroughness and artistio finish that mark ? all Mr. Rignold's efforts, and in placing the ? charming comedy, 'A Midsummer Night's Dream, before Melbourne audiences, a Mel bourno paper says ho has more than main tained his reputation in this respect. The performance on Saturday evoning was wit nessed by a large audienoe. e » » The career of Louise Pomeroy, who is now playing minor parts in a travelling theatrical company, is a striking instance of the muta tions of fortune Twonty years ago she was the bride 'Brick' Pomoroy, and had rocoivod from him as a wedding gift an opora houso valued at soventy-five thousand dollars, Pomeroy at that time was reputed to be worth five hundred thousand dollars^ and his Democrat was a gold mine. The editor's fortuno was subsequently lost in nnproduotivo mines and in the famous Rooky Mountain Tunnel, and luck has ever since been against him. Mrs. Pomeroy is now thg wife of an actor, Arthur Elliott. 