PRI&CESS; LOUISE AS A SALMOX ANGLER, **V£W COCtJ) HANDLE A FISH WTTH HEB !'* The Finking GazriU pubJisbes the follow ing letter from Mr. John Mowst, a Seoteb trigp in his seventy -second ycbt, who for fifty fire years baa been familiar with the Oaoadiaa salmon rivers, and for about a score of years a fishing officer of the Dominion- It describes bow rrmcess uomss Killed esjmon on the Kesttgoache Hirer In Canada. Upon reading in Shooting and Fttking of the 2&th; Jaly of the capture of a salmon is tfae famous Princess Louise Pool in the Kestfgoacbe, I was reminded of the night, or rather evening, that I named it. On the occasion of the visit of the Royal party to the fibbing grounds, the lessees, Messrs. Fleming and Brydces, gave up the river for the season. | It wbz in good trim, fine water, fish plentiful, j and no rods allowed. I was ordered to escort i the party to and from the Indian House ' Pool, and fitted np Mr. Brydges' famoos ' hasge Great C.tsar's Ghost. When on our vsy down the river, Her Royal Highness' said In me, ' I am not yet tired of fishing ; pleas* stop the boat where yon think we can ! u&re; some sport.' I did eo at the montb of Cbairt Rock -irook, half-a- mile or eo below tlio pooL Lord Lome, the I-nke of Argyle, and his daughters and aids left ub there, Rcinfc down in their bwrb caaoefi, leaving the i Princess, Lady MacXajnara, Carpenter (de- 1 tective), two Indians, myself, and the boat's crew. The Princess called me and *aid she would be ready to go when 1 thongfat it tkne. The day wav warm, with Mnth wind, ant\ MttTUYfa nftft-nnnn frlsinAa hturart tn riea A boat /oar -o'clock I called the Indians, and the Princess was ready. I took the etera of the boat* taraiog oat one of the teen, rather against her wfli, as she reqaeeted me to eit down. I told her I wanted to manage the canoe myself. W« soon got np to the ground, about 250 yards above the fall of the Sera Rapid. After anchoring, tfae Princess handed me the fly-book, saying, ' Yon know best what fly is most likely to fcilL' Not finding a fairy I pat on one of my ovc, a middling-sized brown. First fish broke hold before anchor wu raised; second fish did the same before it came to gaff, and this seemed to disappoint her very ranch. I said as the son lowered the fish would take bold better, and just then we bad a slight ?hover with some wind and cooler. It was then alxmt six o'clock, and the Princess etmck a fish which held, and was landed in eleven »nd B-hftlf minutes, and was 241b. in weichL Next fiab tu fonl hooked behind the gill, cover, and rook twenty-two minutes. Whilst playing her fish fibc said to me, ' Don't be aintid to tell me if I do not handle them proper]/ ; I should bare killed the last one quicker, be was only 223b-, and I feared he would go throogb the rapid.' I said, ' You hold very hard ; year cast coold bear no more.' Oar acct fish wa« a 26-poooder, and tie fourth, and laat ft 27-pouoder, wbich I gaffed out of the canoe when within fifteen yards of the rapid at eight o'clock. We conld haw idHed another, bnt the midges were pretty plenty, and concluded to qpit On onr iray to tbe barge the Princess said to me *c If yon had been with, me all the time t would, bate made «. much larger score (about thirty), and if I ever come again yon must promise to go with me.' I then, told her that the pool had no name, and aeked her permis sion to call it the Princess Louise pool, and so it was named, 1 most Bay that few aaglers could handle a fish with Her Highness. She used a heavy English 18 ft. rod, and ber strong right ana (after the fish got his second run over} would lift bis head clear of the water. 