. Hight y. Bight SIB,-I believe it ÍB an historical fact that in Clausthal, Upper Hartz, in the .early part of the century, a number of mines which were seized by Napoleon^ whoyiickly took the eyes out of them, .. an ¿Jat on their resumption by the directors it was considered impolitic to continue operations on the scale as here tofore. Frederic William bought the directors and shareholders out and turned over the mines to the operatives, num- bering some thousands, who had just Teturned from the wars. These have held possession ever since, and are now in a position to lend moneys of no mean amount to the Goyernment. I relate thia . incident, knowing how oft history repeats itself. We, too, have had aliens , (Napoleons),- who have seized these . mines and done their level best to pick out' the eyes ; and, if not quite success- ful, the result is attributable to their hidden wealth of unsurpassed m»gnitude ; ' and I am looking forward to the time in the near future when we will have a Government in power who will no loDger be the sycophant and representative of the "yellow-headed god," but the true representative of the people, who, grasp- ing the position, will follow the example so nobly set before them by that true monarch, Frederic William. When will our Government shake off the trammels of old traditions, and wake up to the fact that it is not a CJD viet settlement that they are still governing, whore a depot of rum is of more account than banks of plethoric dimensions, where the lash ? answers every appeal, and every vice is monopolized by the governing forces, lest any surplus should contaminate the usefulness and (by comparison) the purity of those they held in charge However much this hereditary instinct may prevail amongst them, they will have to learn that we are not the class to whom the lash can be applied, and that their "whipping" magistrates have come to the wrong market, that neither they nor .the detectives can drive us into rowdyism, for we, too, have our hereditary instincts. The men are also impregnated with that Étrong conservatism which is the charac- teristic quality of the British workman, . and take more to the upholding of law and order than to the more vicious attributes of our rulers. Still, if conferences are denied us, and compulsory arbitration is denied us, and force is the only power called into assistance, then .what remains for us to do but to subjugate -our hereditary instincts and accommodate ourselves to the exigencies of the times ? Our would-be rulers will find it " hard to kiok against the pricks " ; atd, though . they blind themselves to the fact, yet unionism is so thoroughly impregnated into the ranks nf the wealth-producers that its eradication is now a matter of impossibility. They may still hold the power to add a fen more years of misery . and starvation to thousands of helpless ' women and children but the ultimate . sueoess is apparent to the weakest intel- lect. Fellow.unionist, look to the ' career of the early Christian. They had to ' fight against far more overwhelming odds than you ur your fathers have had to com- bat; but how signal their success ! Andere you, with your high intelligence, your education, your splendid physique, your ' numbers, your freedom, and your loyalty to your cause, going to be subjugated by a few capitalists, though backed by a Government ? For ourselves wu claim no .,' freedom but that which is the basis of all \- « social institutions, Which is the pride and glory of England-the right ut the majority to rule. In this labor question 'ia chere -k possibility of the capitalists having a ghost of a chance, though backed ly au their contingent of blacklegs, ii . unsupported by. the artillery of the I Government? -í am, &o;, ;: G. BUTCHER. 