1 How Shall We Decide This Question ?" Now which 18 the worse—to have no, appetite /or your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite/ t There are lots of peopl i on the one side or the other of this question. When ."good digestion waits on nppetito and health on both," that is the'ideil attitude of a person towards: his meils. But most of us are not blessed in thU way; we either hive too much'food without an appetite, ora vigorous appetite with «ut enough to satisfy it. Differeut folk will answer this question differently, yet the common eeotoof it is that wilhin rcnsooablo limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because}short of. the starvation line a hungry man is a healthy mm ; wberQis a man who ought to and deesa'fc feel like eating, stands io need of" alterations and repairs." To illustrate. Wo recently receivedacom munication in which the writer says. "I was afraid to eat/' Did be fancy bis food was poisoned, or did his mture rebel against the nourishment lived on 1 If the latter, why I Let him clear the mystery himsdf. He eays, " In the year 1889 I chanced my work from railway porter to signalman. I have been sigualman twelvemonths, anil then all at ouoo, so to Bpeuk,I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, eo tint ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour,. the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have Z2( thing to say t) them. One fchiog was like anoihtrtand nono wai good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the mid lie ond yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the cheat and shoulders, which was always lijht before I lnd eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would g-ithor so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend faiUd to do justice to bif meala, Ho adds that there Wj« what be callB " a pricking sensation " ut his heart as though it was touched with some instru ment. Then, again, at times he was attucked with spnsm?, the ogouy ol which waB so severe ttvU the sweet rolled ott turn. "I dreided," he says," the thought of eating, ant] many- a scanty meal have I made, for I wai afraid to eat. After a lime I got into a low, weak, hervou8; condition, and felt miserable, as if Romethiog was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of11 something going to happen " ia of course the fear of eomco.tlamity, auchaa the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as be intimates to the impoverished state of his blooJ (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the braiu enfebbled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," be Bays, " I stuck to my work for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years ii past my powers of description. /am sure no one has suffered so much as I have done. In the latter statement he ia undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's. There ia a countless multitude who are all the while going through thesamo wretched experience, only wedon't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer tioatly mentions that after all. medical treatment had left him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having been cured by: Mother Seigel's Syrup. "My wife," he says,11 got me a bottlo at Mrs. LantstaftV in Woodleaford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunato day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for eleven years. (Signed) " George Hunt, "Car Bottom Road, " Apperley Bridge near Leeds/' I We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 