Brief Mention 'Football.' , .?',','' ? .'..'. Exit cricket. Moxoh will case settled. .Mayor jSuttqn takes a holiday. Bellinger wrecked near Queenscliff. . Anglican, Synod in session. this week. ' ? Sad suicide of a clergyman at Hobart. : Anarchists still very lively, in Ijurope. Noalterationinthewinterma.il service. Dir wranam Berry xreasurer 01 v lctoria. , Deeming's father said to have been in sane. _,;.'. . . ,.'? .'.'' . ,, ' i , 1 Annual meeting of Baptist Union com- ' . menced.Tuesday. : Mrs Rosannah Ann Watkins burned to death at Hobart Tuesday. In a recent. divorce case a dead man waa one of the co-respondents. Mr Joubert once more on the Exhibition warpath. Hobart this time. '.. A, spinster, 49 years of. age, has been awarded £5 for breach- of promise. , Burglar shot in the leg Saturday whilst entering Retreat Hotel, near Mowbray. At Bow an infant, while lying in its cradle, was so severely bitten by a rat that ? it died. .?- . ? ? . .... ? The Duke of Devonshire delivered up to the Queen the Badge of the Garter worn by his late father. Rainhill relics, purchased by Madame. Tussaud and Sons, proved a great Easter attraction at home. : The inventor of the 'whale-back,' Cap tain M'Dougall, suggests the use of hia vessel for war service. Great alarm is felt at New Roinney, on the Essex coast, by an encroachment of the sea, the land being flooded for a distance of two miles. A famous temple in Ceylon has been entered by burglars, who carried off gems and gold valued at .£5000. Twenty persons were arrested. An Australian has just left London irith the intention of making an eSort to swim Niagara, in attempting which feat Captain Webb lost his life. A countryman whose head came in con tact with a street-lamp while riding on the outside of a London omnibus has been awarded w£70 damages. A furniture broker, named Jonas, who has just died at Chester, had 33 children; Mrs Jonas, who survives her husband, having had twins 15 times. A husband obtained a divorce in London with i!1000 damages and custody of the children, a blotting-pad having been used as evidence against the wife. The Ballerophon, on board of which the Emperor Napoleon was a prisoner in 1815, has ' been purchased from the ; Government by a shipbuilder of Portsmouth. ? ; ' . A sentry of the 7th : Bombay Lancers, stationed at Quetta; ' ran1 amuck' the other day, shooting seven of his comrades — four mortally —before he was captured. S(| : ????.???.:''? The Bankruptcy Court has decided that ? Miss Knowles, who .was awarded JE65OO '?'.!,;.? ,. damages against a matrimonial editor for ? ? breach, of promise, is to receive 20a in the ' pound. ? An exciting scene occurred at a fire at Eastbourne recently. The six occupants of a house were rescued in' their nightdresses from a third storey window, after great difficulties. -from time immemorial a horn has been blown at night during the winter in Bain bridge to guide ' belated travellers in the '?'? forest. The blowing has just ceased for ?' .the season. . -? ? ' fora Gordon-Baillie,' who, after one or ? ?' the moat extraordinary careers of decep tion on record was sentenced to five years' ?imprisonment in 1888, has been released . ;. from pridon. The Japanese military attache at Berlin, ' iMajor Taaumasa T?ukushima, started from that oity on a recent Friday morning on ; his ride to Japan, through European Bus ?-? sia and Siberia. In a Bohemian village a couple were 'married on the same day that the bride groom's parents celebrated their silver ?wedding and his grand-parents their \- golden wedding. ''- . ,' Berry, the executioner, has sent a. letter to. the Home Secretary resigning ;.,' his 'position as 'executioner for Great Britain;', because he wai not permitted to use what \- length of rope he desired. .,'.'. : The official returns relating to the export ?of Indian wheat to Europe show that last '? year it amounted to 1,397,466 tons against -572,125 tons in 1890. The largest, export; in any previous year wasll.132,744 tons in 1886. Mrs Morris, an old lady living in Llanelly, South Wales, has just celebrated her 101st birthday. She has only been out of Llanelly for five days during the whole of her life. She is now getting very feeble. ''?' '? The Queen has conferred a Dukedom of tne uniioci jaanguoiu ,ou,..ijuu wumj. ui Argyll. Hitherto his rank 'in'the English; peerage has only been that of Baron, and ' he Voted in the House of Lords. aB.IiOrd, ?'Sundridge. ? ?'.'.'' ? ..'?'' . ; ' The , last of the old mail coach guards, who has been in the service' of the General 'Post-office for 65 years, and- is now super annuated,' has received a . retiring testi l mohial, consisting of a mail guards' silver ? watch, a portrait, and purse of gold.. '-;' ' ' -The ' Oxford Ghost/' which had caused some sensation, has been found out, and ; was nothing. more. alarming than a. frolic . some undergraduate, . who manipulated from a distant window a string, to the end of which a walking-stick had been ' ' at 'tached. ? . ? ?? . ' : ; 'A fire. destroyed the residence, in Edin ' ' burgh, . of Professor Copela'nd, the Astr'o7 . l: nbmer Boval for Scotland. The only way of escape for the professor and- his family ??wsia by means of an extemporised rope of '?' sheets and blankets, whereby they de scended from the bedrooms. ' The Women's Property Bill, which has been read a second time in the Commons,is ? intended to: prevent the wives of the artisan class, including the labourer, from pledging their husband's credit for articles not strictly necessaries — such as dress, jewelry, furniture, books, and pictures. A serious acoident occurred recently to Mr John Dillon, M.P. Ke was leaving his house in 'Upper George-street, Dublin, when he slipped on the pavement, whioh ?was covered with a thin coating of ice. Mr Dillon fell heavily to the ground, and his arm was dislocated at the shoulder joint. '. ; ? The police are searching for a gardener ? who lived at a lodge in the grounds of a ?large house at Blackheath, over 20 years ???' ago. The man's wife mysteriously disap ' ?'?,- 'peared' during his residence there, and -V ' human remains- have recently been' dis covered beneath the floor of ah outbuild ing.' ' Whilst the electric light has been applied in the House of Commons at an annual cost estimated for the coming year at JJ1800, the gas bill increases ratker than diminishes. Last year it waB X3000; for the coming year it is believed it will not be less than JB320O. There is some slight reduction on the bill for oil lamps. 