SOCIAL GOSSIP. . His Excollcnoy tho. Governor and Lady Hope toun attended tlio raaes at Oaulficld last Satur day. On the 12th tnat. his Excellency tho Governor visited the Dog and Poultry show in tho fore noon, subsequently attending tho Blayor's lunolioon in the Town Hall. In tlio evening His Exoollonoy and tho Countess together with a large party from Government House "attended the Mayor's ball. His Excellonoy the Governor visited tho exhibition of sheep at Goldsbrough'e last Monday morning. Sir AVilliam, Lady Clarke and family' loave England on their return to Molbourtio the seoond woek in October, arriving here before Christmas. This afternoon (Saturday),' a concert takes plaoo in the ball room of Sir, Henry AVrixon's residence, " Raheen," Stiidley Park- road," Keiir, in aid of the Ladios' AVork Association. Dr. Blargarot AVhyto has., applied for tho appointment of resident modicnl- officer of the midwifery department at tho ' Women's Hospital. It has been deoided to take a voto on tho appointment at the next meeting of tho committee. Tho memorial- stone to Emily Blather, the viotim of tho AVindsor murder is , com pleted, and is now on vioiv. at Messrs. Jagenrs nnd Son's monumental ' works, Sydney-road, Royal Park. ; Tbo stone was subsorided for by a number of ladies. - , Tho Co'uhWss /of Hopetoun, distributed . the prizes to the successful oandidatos in connection with tlio Instituto of Plain Needlework, at the Independent Hall, in Russell-street, on Thursday afternoon," 11th Angnst. A small platform at tho end of the. room was lavishly decorated with flowers and green, and the work sont in for competition was spread out on long tables round tho walls, BIrs. Holroyd read a short account of the year's progress, and the ,namcs of tho prizo winners and those dosorving certificates wore then read out by Bliss Tegotmeior. Tho Blisses BIdo Indoe, Kathlocn Cook, "Agnes Hunicr, Lily Ballard, Editli Turn- bull, Ed|tb Davis aud Stella Copeland from the Priory, Alma-road St. Kilda. Tlio Blisses Staugbton, . Nollio Lowers and Grace AVullon (with credit) from Shipley House, South Yarra. The Misses Olga Hieksh and Bluriel Ouinnirig from Cornelia College. BfissBIinnie James from Oborwyl. The Misses Ourtain, Blargot Duffy and Bluriel Ourtaiu (with credit), Villctto private class. The Blisses' Beatrice Thomson, Blay Elooate, Raeliel Rosenbloom, Maggie Blatherson, Gertrude. Young, Alice Fillip, Nollio Johns, Bfarion Pearson, Florence Garton, Ethel Young, Lilian Stretch, Jcanio Blaodonald, - Margaret Philip, Rebebod Kcniian, Esther AVoodburn (credit), Aniictte Melville, Eloiso Ingram/Beryl Carmiehaol, Jeanie Carmioliael from Alexandra Oollego, Hamilton. Roakbank privato class.— Blaster Robert Soutor; (with honor and spooial prizo, given by BIrs. Higinbotlinm), tlio Blisses Hottio Souter, (Lady Benjamin's prizo), Ada Cookburn, (special mention), Tassy Cookburn, (BIrs, Robort Simson's - prizo). Miss JJenuio (privato tuition) took BIrs. Blattiioiv Lang's prize. State Soliool 1427, Port Blelbourno. — Tho Blisses Blary Jaokson, Blay Dixon, Editli Fulton (credit), Athalio Banks, Ethol Tullooh (credit).. State- School, Romsoy. — Bliss Luoy Balfour; Delioious toa and oakos were served iu an ad joining room, Amongst tllosa present to after noon toa wore Lady Hopetoun, tire Hon. "Violet AYilloughby, Lady AVrixon, Lady O'Loghlon Lady Benjamin,' .'"Mrs. i Robert Slmsbh; Mrs. Collins, 'BIrs". "A'Beokett, Bliss Blitohoil, BIrs." H. G.: Turner, . BIrs./ Mars' Buokley, BIrs. Ourtaiu,:. Mrs. Hickman Moles- worth, BIrs. J. G. Duffy, -Mrs.; E; H.' Blonds, I BIrs, Jambs'Smitli, Mrs.T.; bumming, Mrsi and Miss : Higinbotham, BIrs. Albert Miller, Mrs. Costell,- .iBIrs. . Ibbotson, Bliss ( Power, BIrs. .Orekcr, BIrs. Tom Hall, . Mrs. Hooper, Mrs. AVebstor, Miss Hatohell Brown, Bliss Taylor, .Bliss Macartney, Mrs. 'Testor, BIrs. I'ollinm, BIrs. Brush, BIrs. Harpor, Mrs. M. Benjamin, Bliss. Benjamin, Bliss Cohen,: Bliss Hamilton, Bliss Carter, BIrs, Riddel!, Bliss Blerccr, Bladnmo do : Vioq, BIrs. Urquliart, BIrs. Oobhani, Bliss Pohlmann, .BIrs. and . Bliss Hen derson, BIrs. -and -Miss Louglinan, Bliss Archer and Bliss M'Clean. Yery good prizes were donated by BIrs. Holroyd, BIrs. A'Beckqtt, Bliss . Tegotmoier,' Bliss Higinbotham, Lady -Benjamin, Mrs. Robert Simson and Mrs. Blat- tliew Lang. Ono of tho prizo winners, Robort Souter, is only 6 years old, and many of the visitors were curious to examine his work, .and not loss surprised to And it so excollont. A most Bucoossful concert was given by the Lyrio Oiub in the Frnhran Town Hall on Wed nesday evening, 10th. August, in aid of the' funds of tho Molbourne District Nursing Sooioty. It was uiidor tlio patronage of bis Exoellonoy tbo Governor nnd the Ooantoss of Hopetoun, Baron von Bluoller,/ K.O.BI.G.; tiie Mayor and BInyoress of Blelbourno, 'tlio Blayor and council lors of Praliran, BIr. Justioe and BIrs. Holroyd, tho Oonsul-Goneral for Franco and BIdmc. Dbjnidin, > thb-Consul-Gonoral for the - Nether- Innds and BIdmc, do 'Vioq, tho Oonsul-Geiierai for America nnd BIrs. AA'nllnco, tho Coiisul- Goncral for Japan, Blajor-Genorai and BIrs. Tullooh, Lieut. -Colonol and Bfrs. Pcnudnnd tiie offioers'oftho inilitnry forces, Sir F. -T. and Lady 'Sargood, Bfrs. AVardCoIeand tliboommitioobf tKo Blolbourne District Nursing Society. '.The hew' hall, which with its largo nnd roomy stngo and splondid proportions lends itself well to an entertainment of this .kind, was very well, arrangod, tlio vioo-regal circle boing .spacious and; comfortable. A tbiolc Turkey, square with comfortable choirs and settees was placed a rea sonable distance from the orchestra," a bank of bright . cinerarias nnd pnliris running 'between. . At 8 o'blook tho Governor nnd Lady Hopetoun, acoumpanied by tho Hon. G. dcBIoloyns, arrived and were welcomod by Lady O'Loghlen, presi dent of tho Nursing Sooiety, and the BInyoress of Blolbourne. Lady Hopetoun. was presented with ii lovely bouquet of daffodils. Yooal num bers wero contributed by Bliss Catomorc, Mrs. P. M. Carter, Messrs. H. Ford, H.> Atkinson, H. -Robertson nnd A. G. AYnlkcden, a viola-alta solo by Horr ShacUt and two niuhbers: by the orchestra, whioli woro extremely well rendered. A bright little operetta, The Blcrrio Blon of Sherwood Forest, was then sung, the several parts itiz " represented ns follows Blaid Marian, by Bladamosellq Droyfus ; Robin Hood, Mr. AY. F. Hutchison ; Murch, the Bfillor's Son, Mr. R. Cunningham ; Littlo John, Mr. George Paxton ; "Will Scarlet, BIr. 0." S.- Ounningham ; and Friar Tuok, BIr. 0. Potty, supported -by. 'a strong - chorus. Amongst tho audibneo.' woro Bladame do Vicq, BIrs. N. Fitzgerald, Misses Fisken, BIrs. and - the Misses - Jenkins, BIrs. Brownei the Blisses Beokx, BUbs Finlay- son, BIrs. Harper, the Blisses - Garrie, Miss. Long, Bliss Bluir, BIr. and BIrs. Bruoe, BIr. and Mrs. Olivor, Lieutenant Astrop, Blrsi Pcnno, ' tlio Blissos Robertsou, ' BIr. Oadden, BIrs." and Miss Major, BIrs. NiabH," Miss Affieck, Miss AVard Cole, Baron von Mabller, Bliss Hanoook, BIr. Percy Fitzgerald, Mr. G. M. Young and. many others, the hall being well filled - by a 'well dressed audience, nil of. whom it was refreshing to notice remained in their seats till the. vice regal party had taken their departure. Unfor tunately, this oastom is of late more tbo excep tion than the rule, the- crowd hurrying oat of halb, &o.;, jostling the vice-regal. party-in. tho most ill bred manner. " BIrs;- S. Bl'Oullooh was "At Home'' to. a number of friends on Tuesday afternoon, tho 9th last., at ber rcsidonoe "Bo'iiaroa)" Boundary- . road, Malvorn. Although tho'afternoon. turned ' out very wot and bold, -'more .than ,100 ghosts assembled -in . the hall and pretty rooms of " Boharoa." The grand piano was plaacd in the.: square roomy haU/ and ' some very good muyio ; was rendered duriiSg' tlie aftoinoon, nearly/all tho' performers "being! profosaiohajs.' . a'mongst :: those who contributed being Bliss;. Fanny Bris- - tow, Mr. Blorris, who also played the'acoompani- ments, Miss Stirling," whoso-bbahtif ul voice was heard to advantagb.ini Sunshine'and Rain, and who was enthusiastically /applauded. . Bliss Buckley played a' -pianoforte solo in a most-; finished manner/ and BIr. Loitoh contributed tiro ' vory amusing reoitations. Afternoon tea/and refresliinents were served in the diningroom/at 4.30, tho tables being prettily .decorated with daffodils and narcissus, quantities of which also adorned tho morning and drawing rooms. Tbo hostess looked very woll in .a- well fitting/gown of brown oloth. BIrs. Blalleson wore/a smart gown of fawn -cloth- with -yoke -and sloevcyof blaok- velvot and/jet,. 'rBIiss/Ohapman .jvas: in peaoook blae with ismall 'blaolc- bonnet; / (Lady. O'Loghlen was in black; Miss ' 0. O'Logiilba .. in dark (tiyeed ' tr|mmod with; " tan. BIrs. Prell was .in brown with sealskin jacket arid brown bonnet/ 'Bliss Prell wore grey and a large blaolc hat. Mrs." Herbert Power was in brown eloth trimmed with fur. BIrs. Edward Blillcr, BIrs. Aloe; Bfurpliy and Bfrs. Dean Pitt wero in blaok. BIrs. Sonior wore blaok sorgo jacket nnd skirt, : outlined iu gold, and vary smart fawri qliip boniiot'trimmod with vioux roso bows and blaok 03tricb plumes. BIrs. D'Ebro ivoro'a well fitting gown of blue striped corduroy, and small bonriqt relieved with pnio blue. BIrs. J. A. Lovoy was in red, trimmed with blaolc silk. hire. .Sumner was all iu black. BIrs. Olinrlos Ryaut in a smart light brown oloth trimmed with beaver. ' BIrs. F. Bird was in grey twood, with vest of, omornld green velvet. BIrs. N. Fitzgerald woro "a- smart black velvet ooat and a small red volvot bonnot. (Bfrs. Balls- Hoadley was. in blaok sillc .trimmed with lace 'and jet. BIrs. Olapp wore fawn tweed/ edged with heaver. BIrs. .. Straohan's < gown was of sapphire bluo volvot corduroy, -trimmed -with beaver. Bliss Aitkon ..was in nut brown oloth trimmod with fur.- - BUbs Robertson was in fawn cloth trimmed with blaok and gold passementerie arid -beaver, largo hat with brown ostririh - feathers. Bliss Nina Robertson - was in groon 'oloth,- largo hat of pale pink nnd greon velvet. iMra.' Donald. Blaokinnou . was in -fawn cloth, - with pale blue silk vest; Miss Adams woro brown tweed, with whito vest. Thoro were also present Mre. Collins, Mrs. MaoMullen, Mrs. and the Misses Fanner, Mrs. Lnnyon Feuno, Mrs. Bunny, Madame Pfund, tho Misses .Nankivcll, Mr. and Mrs. Willio Clarke, Mrs. and Miss Fiaken, Mrs. Inglis Taylor, Miss Fitz gerald, Mr. D'Ebro, Miss Tully, Alias Murray ' Smith, Airs, and Miss Stmson, Airs. Herbert Wilson, Mr. Donald Maokinnon, Mrs. Grice, Alias Clapp, Airs. Osborne, Lieutenant Christian, ,8ignor Catani, Mrs. Dunbar Hoopor, Miss . Murray, Mr. aud Mis. BobBaillie, Mrs. Nimmo, Mrs. J. Hamilton, Airs. AlitoUcll, Airs. Riddell Stanley and others. Mine. Sarah Bernhardt will probably hold an exhibition of her works of sculpture next winter. Tho groat actress's Parisian agent, it is stated, .has scut numerous applications to the owners .requesting the loan of works in their possession, and permission to send them to London. The artists who sang at tho State concert given by order of the Queen at Buckingham .Palace, on 1st July, wero Mmc. Molba, Miss Alaointyrc, Mmc. Patcy, Air. E. do Reszkc and Mr, Edward Lloyd, Mmc. Molba, who was dressed in palo yellow satin, sang delightedly Cavo Nome, from Rigolotto. A low murmur of approval and appreciation greeted her when she had finished the arin, this being tho nearest approach to applauso which Court etiquette permits. Great disappointment was felt when it was found that she did not sing tho vnlsc .from Borneo and Juliot, as it was announced that she would instead of tho duct from Alircille, with Van Dyck. Air. Van Dyck did not appear, as ho was suffering from hoarseness ' and could not sing ; but Mine. Mclba sang only bcr one solo. Tho Marquis of Drogheda, who visited AIcl- bourno a few years ago with his wife, diod .suddenly on the 29th June, at his residence, 15 St. James'a-plnco, Henry Francis Seymour Moore, third'AIarquis of Drogheda, was the son of Lord Henry Seymour Mooro, by tho second : daughter of tho first Lord Congleton. Ho was born at Bath in 1825, succeeded his unclo in 1837, and married in 184-7 tho hon. Alary Caroline Stuart Wortley, eldest daughter of tho seoond \- Lord WhamclilFe. Ho was educated at Eton and at Trinity Collcgo, Dublin. Ho was made i a Privy Councillor for Ireland in 1856 and a knight of the order of St. Patrick in 1868. Few resident noblemen were better known or mora popular in Dublin than tho late marquis. He was the mainspring of Irish sport, and his genial \- presence was heartily welcomed at every race \- meeting within a wide radius of tho city. Ho ; was tho founder of the Punchcstown meeting, ' which has become famous throughout tho king dom. In social life he wqb highly esteemed. He is succoodcd by his cousin, Mr. Ponsonby William Mooro. Princess Mario of Edinburgh, tho fiancie of Prince Ferdinand of Boumania, is drawn as ' follows by a Parisian writer " A girl of 17, medium height, round faco framod by fair hair, awoot dreamy eyes, with a touch of Muscovy seriousness ; a very firm chnraoter, remarkably like that of her great grandfather Emperor Nicholas. At Court, in England, she \- is called 'the little Russian,' and she is proud < of the nick-name. Hor mother has watched very closely over her education. Princess Mario is an accomplished musician, and not afraid to point out to her father that his notes " on the violin aro not always correct. Hers Is essentially a dominating character, and tho Royal diadem will suit her pretty head << .mi crvcillc." The Indipcndancc Beige declares that since the betrothal of tho Prince of Boumania to tho daughter of tho Duke of ' Edinburgh the latter has been tbo object of Millie. Vaoaresco's vengeance. This lady, in spito of tho entreaties of the Qnceu of Koumanin, declined to surrender the letters t from Prince Ferdinand of which she wqb in possession, and every two or three days she sends one of these letters to the Prince's fiancfa in England. The Duke of Edinburgh, accord- ; : ing to the Inddpcndancc Beige, is much annoyed, and has begged tho Roumanian Government to take measures to stop this scandal. ' The Now York World prints a letter written ' by Mrs. Alaybrick to Mrs. Denemore, an Aracri- can lady living in England, who has been endea- voring to obtain her release. Airs. Alaybriok's letter, which is dated from " H.M. Prison, Woking, 24th Blay, 1892," suggests that Sir Charles Russell, Air. Poland, Q.C., and Air. Fletcher Aloulton, Q.C., arc nil of opinion that ' she ought to be liberated. She goes . on to say:— "Will you kindly tell my \- mother that I have petitioned the Scorotary of " State,, and I should like her to inquire before r her next visit who of my friends in London \- would receive mo for a day or two in the event \- »©£ my release. When a 'life woman' I a set . free, her pardon comes down suddonly and with out any previous intimation, and she lma to he -out of prison by 10 of the following morning. My mother could not get over from France in time to meet me. I should liko the friend who receives me to fetch me and to have some clothes In -readiness to send on here by messenger at a moment's notice. The Government supplies ' liberty clothes. I can manage with most of tho things, including dress, if 1 bad a long cloak to cover me up, hat, gloves, shoes, and thick veil. No colors ; hnlf mourning. It is wisest to be .prepared for pleasant as well as unpleasant contingencies. She concludes: — "I am still in -tho hospital : but very muoh better and gaining : strength daily. The authorities aro thoroughly kind and just, tho officers civil and humane in their treatment of the women, while the sick receive the most assiduous carc and attention from the very clever doctor and experienced matrons." 