STORY COLUMN. 1 LIFE FOR A LOVE A Story of To-day. By MErADiBi Author of "Sotunp ani l," "Castle Mary," " Beforehand," "Daddy's Boy," &o;, All Queensland Rionrs Resbbved. \ ' / ' Chapteb XXIV.-— OontinuidJ He bowed courteously— no one could he more courteous than Gerald Wyndham —and left the room. TTifl astonished father-in-law almost gasped when he found himself alone. ' Upon my word,' ho said to himself, there's something about- that fellow that's positively unoanny. I only trust I'll be preserved from being haunted by ' his ghost. My God ! what a retribution thot would be. Wyndham would be awful as a ghost. I suppose I shall have retribution some day. I know I'm a wioked man. Hypooritioal, cunning, devilish. Yes, I'm all that. Who'd have thought that soft-looking lad would turn out to be all steel and venom. I hate him — and yet, upon my soul, I admire . him. Ho does more for the woman he , , loves than I do— than I could do. Tho woman we both love. His wife— my child.' ' There, I'll get soft myself if I indulge in these thoughts any longer. Now ia the time for him to go. Valentine has turnod from him ; any fool can see that. Now is the time to get him out of the way. How lucky that I overheard Helps that day. Never was there a more opportune thing.' Mr. Paget- went home early that 'evening. Valentine was dining with him. Lately, within the last few weeks, she often come over alone to spend the evening with her father. ' "Where's your husband, my, pet?' the old man used' to say to ' her on these occasions. And she always answered him in a bright though somewhat hard little Toioe. 1 Oh, Gorald is suoh a bookworm— he is devouring one of thoBe abstruse treatises on music. I left him buried in it,' or 'Gerald is going out this evening,' or " ' Gerald isn't well, and would like to stay quiet, so ' — the end was invariably the same — ' I thought I'd come and have a cosy chat with yon, dad.' 'And no one more weloome— no one in all tho wide world more welcome,' Mortimer Paget would answer, glancing, with apparent pleased unconcern, but with seoret anxiety, at his daughter's, face. . ..The glance always satisfied him ; she ' lookbd'bright and well — a little hard per haps — well, the blow must affect her in some way. What had taken plaoe at the Gaiety would have somo results even on the most indifferent heart. The main result, however, was well. Valentino's dawning love had changed to indifference. Had she cared for her husband pas sionately, had her whole heart been given into his keeping ehe must have been angry; she must have mourned. Ab evening after evening Mr. Paget came to this conclusion he invariably gave vent to a sigh of relief. Ho never guessed that if he could wear a mask, so CCUli cbilw. Hrt dawav AVATI Aim Eected that beneath Valentino's gay tughter, under the soft shining of her ' clear eyes, under her smiles, her light easy words, lay a pain, lay an ache, which ceased not to trouble her day and night. . ' Mr. Paget came home early. Valentine \- was waiting for him in the drawing- room. ' We shall have a cosy ovening, father,' 1 she Bald. 'Oh, no, Gerald can't come. He says he has some letters to write. I think he has a headache, too. I'd have stayed with him, only he prefers being quiet. Well, we'll have a jolly evening . together. KiBB me, dad.' He did kiss her, then she linked his hand in her ann, and they went down stairs and dined together, as they UBed to v do in the old days before either of them , had heard of Gerald Wyndham. 'Let us come iuto tho library to- night,' said Valentine. 'You know there , is no room like the library tome.' ' Nor to me,' said Mr. Paget brightly, ' It reminds me of when you were a child, my darling.' ' Ah, well, I'm not a ohild now, I'm a women.' . She kept baok the sigh whioh rota to her lips. ' I think I like being a ohild best, only one never can have the old childish time baok again.' , ' . 'Who knows, Vol? Perhaps we may. If you have spoiled your teeth enough over thoBe filberts, shall we go into the library ? I have something to tell you — a little bit of news.' ' All right, you shall tell it sitting in your old. arm chair.' She flitted on in front, looking quite like the child she more or less still was. ' Now isn't this perfect V she said, when the door was shut, Mr. Paget established \- in hiB armchair, and the two poire of eyes fixed upon the glowing fire. ' Isn't this perfeot?' ' Yes, my darling — perfect. Valentino, there is no love in all tho world li'fo a father's for his child.' 'No greater love has cometome,' replied Valentine slowly ; and now some of the pain at heart, notwithstanding all her brave endeavours, did oome into her faoe. 'No greater love has come to me, but I -. can, imagine, yes, I can imagine a , mightier.' ' What do you mean, child ?' For instance— if you loved your hns- band perfectly, and he— ho loved you, and there was nothing at all between and the joy of oil joys was to he with > him, and you were to feel that in thought . —in word— in deed— you were one, not two. Thore, what am I saying? The wildest nonsense. There isn't such a \- thing as a love of that sort. What's your news, father?' ' My dear ohild, bow intensely you speak !' 'Never mind 1 Telline what ieyour news, father?' Mr. Paget laughed, his laugh was not very comfortable. ' Has Gerald told you anything, Valen tine ?' ' Gorald ? No, nothing special ; he had a headache this evening.' ' You know, Vul — at leaBt we often talked the matter over — that Gerald might have to go away for a time. He is my partner, and partners in such a firm as mine have often to go to tho other side of the world to transact important busi ness.' '.Yes, you and Gerald have both Bpoken of it. He's not going soon, ia he ?' ' That's it, my pet. The necessity has arisen rather suddonly. Gerald has to sail for Sydney in about a month.' Valentine was sitting a little behind her father. He could not see the pallor of her face. Her voice was quite clear and quiet. , . ' Poor old Gerry,' she said ; ' ho won't take me, will he, father ?' ' Impossible, my dear— absolutely. You surely don't want to go.' ' No, not particularly.' Valentine yawned with admirable effeot. She really can't care for him at all. What a wonderful piece of luok,' uttered her father. ' I daresay Gerald will enjoy Sydney, continued his wife. ' Is he likely to be long away ?' ' Perhaps six months— perhaps not so long. Time is always a matter of some uncertainty in cases of this kind.' : ' I could come back to yon while he is away, couldn't J, dad ?' ' Why, of course, my dear, one, I always intended that. It would he old times over again — old times over again for you and your father, Valentino.' ' Not quite, I think," replied Valen tine. ' We can't go baok really. Things happen, and we can't undo them. - Ho you know, father, I think Gerald must have infected me with bis headache. If you don't mind, IH go home.' Mr. Paget saw bis daughter back to Park lane, hat he did not go into the house. Valentine rang the bell,., and when Masters opened the door she asked him where her husband was. ' In the library, ma'am ; you cou hear him can't you? He's practising of the violin.' Yes, the music of this most soul- speaking, soul-Btirring instrument filled the house. Valentine put her finger to her lips to enjoin silenco, and went softly along the passage whioh led to the library. The door was a little ajar— she could look in without being herself seen. Some sheets of mnsio were scattered about on the table, but Wyndham was not playing from any written score. The queer melody which he colled 'Waves' was filling the room. Valentine had heard it twice before — she started and clasped her hands as its pasBion, its unutterable sad ness, its despair, reached her. Where were the triumph noteB whioh had come into it six weeks ago ? She turned and fled up to her room, and looking the door, threw herself by her bedside and burst into bitter weeping. 'Oh, Gerald, I lovo you! I do love you ; but I'll never show it. No, never, until you tell me the truth.' so BE CONTINUED TO-MOBBOW. - 