? skespeare'e Jot A * MBt * m • peiiod for ofW marvellonB gel" 8 - ne V*" thirt\ yeare before /e mcst Iwe been 1 t . e euphemistic AnnhamldlP Jan I ATI - }f the time, and which\e so fineF ridi ° 1,es ^ " L " Te ' s Labos\ Lost" others of bis plays. Had hi been t^n daring the period when (iarles Tiniringed upon constitutionaWtia he would have probably been drU itj6 that political stnfe.and sfrngglewh'h separated friends and sundere/fa/lies into hostile fragments. The pair/of Elizabelb, however, as has beei fejuently remarked, was fruitful soihSerein the gennis of this poet could fiitoot and flourish. What, then, particnJiystnckmen, and Shakespeare recognfd it in its fullest significance, *as thireaking away from the old traditionpat deep learning'cotild only be acqni^s by . quiet seclusion and retirement^ the nooks of monastic cell6. Actio} and culture began, to be combined. A kind of mnscolar Christianity ^spran up. Men of- tbe Sir Philip Sidnd and the Raleigh -stamp" were n — - - living exemplifications of the fact that learnig, and bustle and connection with the okide world were quite compatible. The of Shakespeare was one of great actiy/y, a time when men of enterprise wrrercqnired; when matters of great pitci and moment were in full swing. Prjspcro represents tbte lingering glimfit* of magic superstitious arts in rinuanng tliemselvesinto the mind of.a man of culture end refinement. Lapsing intp^pdipus habits, the deposed duke forgot tot action-^ Jte^^ry^reserve himself from harm. same will apply to Hamlet, but the theme is placed on a more sublime level. Here was a prince of about thirty years of age, a time when the idealities of youth melt into thepiactical realities of manhood, or, as John Morlev puts it in his brilliant essay on Burke"," The age when character usually either lrittere iteelf away or grows strong on the inward sustenance of solid and resolute aspirations." Hamlef, a prince, heir apparent to a throne, had spent bis life in the studious calm of Wittenberg Cnivereity, had apparently dived deep into the mystery surrounding the destiny of mar, had, with the wholesome egotism of a voang man imbued himself with the idea that he' would set reforms at work to clear away the clouds of abuse and allow all tbe sunshine ot life to have free play. His life at the University was diversified by bis fondness for the theatre, where his criticisms must have been apt and wise, jndgiDg by his memorable advice to the players. At thirty years of age he arrived home. His father had died suddenly. His mother had married his uncle. Hamlet had been judging the world from his own standard point, had been thinking noble thoughts, had been gathering together high minded principles, and to use the wcrds of John Morley before quoted, " was growing strong on the inward sustenance of solid and.resolnte aspirations." Such a man as Hamlet always takes too high an estimate of things. Snch a man considers that everyone is thinking as be is thinking 3 IJ * 1 • t n and wonld act as he would act. For his molber to marry the brother of his father " bnt two months dead " denoted to Hamlet's vivid mind, not that he had mis-conceived, misjudged the world, but rather that this was only a temporaiy relapse of the. world from the paths of moral virtue. Hence his exclamation :— " The time is out of joint, 0, cursed spite. That ever 1 was born to set it right." is quite reasonable and to be expected from one of his temperament. This is considered by Goethe to be tbe keynote of the play. Hamlet recognises his duty but doubts his ability to perform it. Here then was Shakespeare's jurpose. Hamlet Elndions, cultured, refined, mnst enter into action. Is bis soul fit for thc performance of it. Goethe says not. Hamlet. has not the nerve, tbe nerve wbich maker a hero. p0. him an impossible task ig laid Josni' Mommsen considers Caisar bccamegre.1 because he distinguished between,^ was possible and whstimpossible With Hamlet there was no Jcboice. ever lie may curse the time he feel5 compelled to eet it right He most eo. deavonr to accomplish bis purpose, eTeu thocgb he fail, and he seems to b»re some inmate feeling „ that success will nol ^ accor<Jed him. He becomcs of the guilt of the reigning king. jje becomes excited and exhibits LIE excilt bility and cmfusion to a rem»rkaHe degree. This must rouse the fires of suspicion, slumbering in the mine 0f Clod ins into flame How can this be averted ? By the assumption of madness. He tells his friends after the a p. pearance of the ghost in act i sc T that:— • " How strange or odd soe'er I bear myself As I perchance hereafter shall think meet ' To put an antic disposition on. That you. at such times seeing me uertt shall, With aims encumber'd thus or this head shake, . Or by pronouncing of some donbtftfl phrase." Hamlet's knowledge of acting stands him now in good stead. He sets ^ faTt 0f a madman to perfection, Tjjeie ;s ;ndeed a method in bis mad^ ness Hamlet's treatment of Ophelia h8£. beetl condemned as hatsh and ill. mBnerea But really tbis is p&rt; of tie ^a^ter he is playing; and is one of the most effective strokes, since it may divcrt EnSpjcj0u from the cause 0f Hamiet»s melancholy, and assign it to ioveforOf/kelia. PrattiingP ! ' jjarp;ng Cn his daughter, was ea . ccired by it. Why not others? V . ^-^ how we], ^ menBged the r- . .JRosfjneipr 1 tira^te.^.V^ .™ e n 6 t e r D ' a How . Le : £ fl,ets T " 1 » £ e *P wonnd ?? ,hi . He «,n banter Polonms, and be in plaj. S' hn ??° Dr WIth , the , water- fly," osric H e ^ ^ Mother humour in the gravefcene a ° d moralises on the vanities the shortens ofhfe with feel.ng ,Bd trn. ,b -,. 1118 wllh difficulty that he con- . s hw bitterness agatnsth is mother, comP» anc < ! with the behests of the f bost -. Bnt e^en this restraint breaks dow° m ACT ru ' wfaere be and his mower meet face vto face. His fierce, J n st indignation denotes so much, sense reason as ^ almost make the Queen b,f l,eve him 6ane - Hamlet marks 1,10 wbich wonId destroy his pur- P 0Be " m , DEt disguise himself in madne6f' an . d the S host 0Bce more walks its melancholy way. This play of snnsbine c,ear l y represents Hamlet to be a T n ,° ninch ,ns ' 8,lt 011(1 knowledge of the human mind—a man of great elo- 1 uen . ce and intelligence. He was opl' 06cd to thc conventionalities of his t,me' for notice h ' B Partiality to the Payers, and his love for Ophelia, who ,n 8 mnch ,ower ranb than bin- 61; , „ Schleaci, the German critic, has said that Hamlet's far-fetched bcrupie* are 0,ten mere P rL ' tcxUi 10 corer his want of re£t,inlj<>' : - 0» thing all commontat" rs are opreed, and that is upon his , want of resolution. He had a purpose ,n the ,vorldi bnt was scrupulous to metns to accomplish it. Men of principles a r e often to be pitied. Afifiaiiri) AC fl'mir) tTlAir 01>a paoIIk nt>l« Assaiird as timid, they are really ouly timid in allowing the noble thoughts of their youth and manhood to be encroached npon by what thev term base and unworthy methods, bat what men, not so nice, would deem to be at once necessaiy and practical. Let me close by quoting from Coleridge, what to my mind sums np thecbaracter of " Hamlet" ID words of mnch wisdom:— " Shakespeare wished to impress npon ns the truth that action is cbe chiel end of existence, that no faculties of intellect however brilliant can be considered valuable or, indeed, otherwise than as ! misfortunes if they withdraw us from or ! render us repugnant to action and lead ns to think, and thinking of doing until the lime has elapsed when we can do anything effectually. Hamlet was continually resolving, yet did nothing, bnt resolve." 