A HEART'S MISTAKE. CHAPTER XXX. A NEW ARRIVAL. "Miss Jones — my uncle, Mr. Van- slttart ! " . Sylvia had just returned from a ramble through the wood by the river, her lovely silken hair dishevelled, her cheeks, erimsoned with the healthful exercise,; and her simple straw hat Wreathed With scarlet leaves and the . purpM stars of the wild aster, and, opening the door of the morning room, had unexpectedly encountered .Mrs. Vansittart and Celine, in company with a handsome gentleman, whose re semblance to her pupil strongly hinted at.>, near relationship. Embarrassed and confused, she had been about to withdraw, when Celine sprang forward, and, seizing her arm, spoke a few smiling words of introduction, and Cyril Vansittart bowed low, struck with her wonderful beauty, as were all strangers at first. " Miss Jones, sir, is a fine actress," said Mrs. V ansittart, spitefully, as she , saw the look of admiration that Cyril could not repress. " She has gotten herself up en tableau for the occasion as a rustic flower- girl. I congratulate you on your success, Miss Jones; When my son Cyril knows you as well as we do he will learn to bo prepared for these pretty little surprises !" Sylvia made no rejoinder, but began to arrange her flowers in a vase of water brought to her by Celine, and the old lady went out of the room, summoned by Allen, whilo Cyril, having by this timo recovered his presence of mind, drew near, and com menced a conversation with the beauti ful young governess, while Celine, nestling close to his side, with evident pride in his good looks and easy grace, chimed gaily in from time to time. " Well, Uncle Cyril," she cried, when Miss Jones had finally gone up to her room to prepare for dinner, ' what do you think of my new governess ?" " I think she is the most beautiful creature I ever saw in my life !" Mr. Vansittart answered, enthusiastically. "I knew you would say so !" said Celine, clapping her hands. " And I do love her so dearly, Uncle Cyril !" "So the wild bird is tamed at last," said Mr. Vansittart, stroking' down Celine's golden hair. " What spell lias she used V> conquer the rebellious elf who has heretofore made the reign of governesses at JBevanmore a derision find terror ?" "Spell — I don't know anything about spells," laughed Celine ; . " but I do know that I love her, and she loves me, and we're the happiest pair in the wide world, in spite of grand mamma?" . "How do you mean, in spite of her ?" " Oh, she hates poor Jane, and she is aB insulting and cross with her a3 possible ; if Jane hadn't the temper of an angel grandmamma would have driven her away lon ago." , > Cyril Vansittart looked grave. " This must not be," he said, con tracting his handsome brows. " My mother must learn to control her tongue and temper where a holpless young dependent is concerned. I will not allow any such unequal warfare." " That's what I said all along !" cried Celine. " If papa wore here, or even Aunt Ellen — but, you see, grand mamma never pays any attention to pie, and — " "But she will to mo,' I think," quietly interrupted Mr. Vansittart. " Come, Celine, you must show mo the improvements about tho grounds before dinner. Get your bonnet or your hat, or whatever you girls call those little round thiijgs mado out of a piece of lace and a bird's wing, and thero will be plenty of time." When Sylvia Burton reached her own apartment, she found it strangely rilled and transformed. Tho furniture had been moved round and altered, her own little belongings had utterly vanished, and in the little easy chair old Mi's. Vansittart sat, a rich India shawl drawn round her distorted shoulders, and her turban of scarlet silk and gold nodding with the palsied motion of her head, while, with shrill accents outstrstohed diamond- circled finger, she directed a posse, consisting of Mrs. Allen and Patience, the housemaid, who wore busily work ing under her orders. Sylvia looked about her in bewilder ment. At first it occurred to her that she must have mistaken the room ; but no, there was the white and crim son carpet, the little curtained alcove, and the very view of the blue, shining river from the open window. She stopped, and gazed inquiringly at Mrs. Vansittart, as if to ask for some ex planation of this very unusual proce dure. " Oh, it's you, is it, Miss Brown ?" said the old lady. "Now, Patience, you stupid thing — in the corner beyond, I tell you. I want this room for my son," she added to Sylvia ; " it's the one he has always occupied when at home, and I've no idea of his being turned out of it by any governess alive. So I've just sent your things to the Tower — there is a very comfortable room there in the second story, and if you don't like it, why, of course, you're not obliged to stay at Bevanmore, you know !" "I daresay I shall be very pleased with it, madam," Sylvia said, resolved never to lose her temper, however, provoking the old creature might be. " Can I do anything to help you here? .Had I known that I was occupying Mr. Vansittart's room, I would myself have offered to exchange." " It makes no difference whether you would or would not," snapped Mrs. Vansittart. "No, you can't do any thing, except to take yourself out of the way as fast as possible 1" "I will obey you at once, Mrs. Van sittart, if Patience will show me, the way to the apartment you design for my future use," answered Sylvia, gently. "Patience will do nothing of the sort," said Mrs. Vansittart, as the girl turned to accompany the governess ) " stay where you are, Patience. Miss Jones' big eyes weren't given to her for nothing; it's a pity if she can't find her own way by broad daylight, after having ransacked the whole place with that rattlebrain of a Celine." . Sylvia smiled; " We have never visited tlie Tower," she said, " but I daresay I can find it." " It's easy found, miss," said P.ati-. ence, who, in common with all the servants at Bevanmore, would have done anything in, the world to oblige the pretty governess. " Just go to the end of the hall, and turn to your right, and it's tho second door beyond, studded full of big brass nails." "Patience, hold your tongue," in terrupted Mrs. Vansittart. " If you don't learn in future to mind your own business I'll have you discharged, you meddling, boldspoken hussy." Patience cowered buck to her work, and Sylvia, obeying tho good-natured girl's directions, soon found herself on the pretty awning-sheltered bridge which Celine had told her of, and which was plainly visible from the out side grounds of Bevanmore To iver. Crossing this bridge, she found her self in a largo: vestibule or hall, beyond which a second passage led to an octagonally- shaped apartment hung with pale blue chintz, with China matting on the floor and bamboo fur niture, whilo a pretty little single bed occupied the farther angle. There was a fireplace in the room, where a fire had been hastily kindled, and was just beginning to give out a little heat, while her own few posses sions wore thrown on the floor, and her trunk occupied tho middle of the room. Sylvia could not . help shedding a few natural tears at the humiliating and insulting treatment to which she was subjected, but she herself set diligently to work to reduce this chaotic confusion of dresses, portfolios, books, bonnets, and slippers to something nearer resembling order, and soon forgot Mrs. Van sittart's' unkindness in enjoying the lovely view from tho Tower windows. As she stood there Celine and Cyril Vansittart, coming up from the direction of the river, glanced towards the Tower, and Celine recognised her governess, waving her handkerchief gaily to her. "Jane," she said, when about an hour afterwards they met at dinner, " how did you find your way to the little room in the tower where I used to sleep last August?" " It is my room now," said Sylvia, smiling. " I am to be domiciled there for the future, I believe." " But why did you leave the west room ?" questioned Celine. " I believe it was required for some other use," said Sylvia, somewhat em barrassed. " The west room 1 Why, surely, that is my room !" said Cyril Vansit tart, who had been listening to what passed. "I hope, Miss Jones, you have not been put to the inconvenience of removing on my account ?" " It was no inconvenience, I assure you,!' said Sylvia, quietly. . " In fact, I think I rather prefer my new quar ters." '.But you will be very lonely there 1" "lam not afraid of solitudfe," she answered. " Mother," said Mr. Vansittart, turning to the grotesque figure at the head of the table, " why did you not give me some other room? I am grieved to have, however unwittingly, disturbed Miss Jones." Mrs; Vansittart laughed a harsh, grating' laugh. "I am not . yet aware," she answered, rudely, " that all the pre- vious arrangements of Bevanmore are to bo altered to please a mere gover ness. If Miss Jones is displeased with her treatment, she can leave us at any time she pleases !" The crimson color flooded Sylvia's whole face.- Cyril Vansittart's eyes flashed. "Mother," he said, "you are not yet themistressof Bevanmore, although you have been allow ed for some years to make it your home. My brother Gerald would scarcely tolerate this manner towards a young lady whom he has selected to bo the companion and instructress of his daughter. If you are hot a little more guarded in future I shall be compelled to inform him of your lack of courtesy." Mrs. Vansittart turned yellow, her eyes sparkled with a malevolent glitter, but she stood in awe of her handsome son, scarcely less than of Gerald Bovan, whose will, though seldom as serted, was always law at Bevanmore, andshe ventured on no immediate reply. Sylvia, pitying her rage and mor tification, made some observation to Celine on the beauty of the opposite shores of tho river, now dressed in their autumn robes of gold and scarlet, and russet brown, and conver sation was again resumed. That evening was pleasanter than any Sylvia had yet passed at Bevan more. Cyril Vansittart . sat with them, and his lively chat, pleasant reminiscences of travel, and entertain ing anecdote, passed away the hours as if by magic. Drawn out by his skil ful lead, Sylvia became like a new creaturo; her eyes shone softly, her shy, graceful manner, robbed of its outer frost of embarassment, became charming and fascinating as it had been of old — her sweet laugh echoed Celine's heartier mirth, and Cyril Vansittart found himself becoming more and more interested in the beauti ful girl, who was apparently almost as much of a child as Celine herself. "By Jove," he thought, as he sat (smoking his cigar at night before the blazing fire in tho little room which Sylvia had so recently occupied. " I've always fancied myself inclined t,o be aristocratic ; but if this sort of thing goes on as it commenced I'm in a fair way, so far as I can reasonably con jecture, of falling in love with a governess. Shade of beautiful Venus, what eyes she has — real Andalusian, with their perfectly-arched brows and long-lashes, that veil them like a shadow. And then her skin — satin could not be softer, and her hair is almost purple in its jet blackness. Her name ought never to be Jones. I wonder how Vansittart Pshaw, what an arrant donkey I am making of myself. I know I shall dream about her to-night !" And Cyril .Vansittart did dream about Sylvia Burton until the morning light chased the lurking shadows from his room. And then ho rose and dressed himself, eager once more to meet the beautiful girl with the Anda lusian eyes. " Cyril," said his mother to him, a day or two afterwards, " you are making a fool of yourself about that Jones girl 1" "Am I, ma'am?'' laughed Mr. Van sittart. "Well, mother, I'm sure she would make an excellent excuse for folly in any man I" ''Humph?" sneered Mrs. Vansit tart ; " a mere black-eyed doll !" " A lovely creature," said Cyril, coloring ns ho spoke, " whose beauty is equalled by her sense and intellect. I have never in my travels seen anyone that equalled her." " Go on," ironically urged Mrs. Vansittart. "I suppose you will be making her a proposal of marriage next J" Cyril rose and began pacing up and down the room, while his mother's greenish grey eyes watched his every motion with steady ken. " I've hardly reached that point as yet," he said, speaking as if he fain would treat the subject as a jest. " What would you say to it, mother, if I were seriously to contemplate the idea ?" " This," answered Mrs. Vansittart, emphatically, " that if you ate such an egregious fool as to lose your wisdom and common sense at the sparkle of a pair of bright eyes, and the simper of a sweet voice — of these eye3 and this voice — you had bettor be cold and stiff in your grave. I would rather follow your coffin, Cyril, son of my old age, and dearest, oherished of all my children, though you are, than see you married to that girl. And, mark my words, if you do lose sight of all sanity sufficiently to ask her to become your wife, you will repent it as man never yet repented a rash deed. " I say, Cyril, you had better be buried ten feet deep !" Her voice had risen almost into a shriek as she grew in earnestnoss. Cyril could not help boing impressed, in spite of himself, by her manner. " I do not comprehend you, mother," he said. " But you will one day." And further than that Mrs. Van sittart would not explain herself ; but from that moment she hated Sylvia Burton with a more deadly and dangerous venom than ever. Cyril Vansittart, however, like most young men of ardent nature and chivalrous training, once interested in youth, beauty and loveliness, became more and more deeply infatuated as the days went on. Celine watched the two with a do- mure and mischievous sorb of interest, hoping within herself that Uncle Cyril would marry her pretty governess. But she hover spoke upon tho topio, and old Mrs. Vansittart wandered about the house like an unquiet ghost, dissatisfied with everybody and every thing, yet not venturing to openly ex press her wrath, since the obnoxious governess wns now protected by Cyril's open partisanship. And Sylvia herself ? Entirely un conscious whither matters were tend ing, she enjoyed the perfect rest and peace of the household as much as her wounded and widowed heart was capable of enjoying anything, and allowed herself to float serenely oh with' 'the current, never for a moment dreaming how fatally near she was drawing to tho - rapids where happi ness, nay, even reason itself, are so often wrecked. She had been sitting one night late into tho silver glory of tho October full moon, in tho bay window of tho library, with Cyril Vansittart at hor side, taking in low, impassioned accents on the various topics which he had learned from ex perience were interesting to her. Celine had retired early to her room, fatigued by a long boating ex cursion with her uncle and Miss J ones ; but Mrs. Vansittavt hobbled every now and then- into the room on some trivial pretext, casting baleful glances on the two young people, and creeping out again as the serpent might have writhed his way out of the bowers of Paradise whon .'his fell work was done. - "It must be stopped!" she mut tered to herself, wiping her dry lips upon a delicate linen- cambrio pocket- handkerchief ; "she has had her day of grace, and she has let it pass by like an idle wind — now let her look out for herself. I've made up my mind, and my will never yet was baffled 1" She started like a conspirator, as she hoard their, voices in the hall. " I am ashamed to have kept you up so late, Miss Jones," said Cyril, in a voice of self-reproach; "but you know how difficult it is to repress my unfovtunato tongue." " It is not so very late," Sylvia's softly-modulated tone replied ; but my head aches very severely." " Your head ? Then will you allow me to constitute myself your physician.? I have somo drops which I obtained of a learned physician at Basle, whose influence has neVer failed me yet in cases of headache. You will indulge me by trying their effect. I will bring them in a moment." Sylvia's hesitation was constructed by Vansittart into consent, for he hurried awav, and presently returned with a goblet half filled with water. " I have poured them into this," he said. "You are to drink half of it before you retire to-night, the other half the first thing on rising in the morning ; and if you do not meet me at breakfast entirely free from pain I will promise to abjure all faith in my learned friend at Basle." And with a smiling " good-night'1 they parted, Sylvia going to her own room with- the precious goblet, and Cyril Vansit'tart lingering to dream just a little longer over the bsautiful castle in the air, whose glittering foun dations were already beginning to rise up in his mind — Love's Castle, and a dark-eyed girl its queen and royal mistress. With a step noiseless as that of the tigress as she steals over the velvet turf of some lonely thicket of the east, Mrs. Vansittart crept upstairs to her own apartment, her face full of a new and appalling expression. The lights were burning in the silver .sconces on either side of the full- length mirror, and the ceiling of crim son glass, no longer illumined by the meridian light of day, seemed like a blood-red firmament brooding over head, while the fire crackled softly on the marble hearth. The macaw roused from his slumbers, watched her with its blinking emerald eye, and the monkey, nodding on his perch, chat tered a drowsy recognition as she passed him. Mrs. Vansittart went straight to her secrotary, and unlocking its lower compartment, took out a 'small rose wood box filled with variously labelled bottles. One of them she selected, and examining its opaque contents, dropped it into her pocket, returning the rest to the exact spot whence she had taken them, and re-locking the secretary. Then she sat down in front of the fire, and remained there quite motion less, save for the twitching play of the muscles round her mouth and the palsied tremble of her hand, for nearly half an hour, her eyes fixed intently on the burning log, and a deadly yellow deepening on her cheek. And well might it deepen, for never before in all the course of her ambi tious and sinful life — for sinful and ambitious it had been in no ordinary degree — had Mrs. Vansittart deliber ately contemplated a crime so dreadful as that of murder. (to be continued.) 