LESSONS FROM OUR NEIGH BOURS. Both New South Wales and Victoria have at present serious political troubles and financial difficulties to contend againBt, and it is instructive to note how they are girding themselves for the task before them. In Now South Wales the financial question has been tackled, though not in a way that commends itself to the judgment of a strong party in the country. A protective tariff has been passed by the Assembly, and is supported even by free-trade members in the Legislative Council upon the ground, very familiar to South Austra lians, that the new duties are required for revenue purposes. A Bill for imposing a toll on imported stock was also brought in, but it was ruled out of order by the Speaker on the ground that it conflicted with the Tariff Bill, which expressly exempted stock from duty. In Victoria all that has been done to aid the revenue is to raise money on Treasury bills to meet an expected deficit which the ex-Treasurer estimated at £400,000, but which is likely to be more than double that amount. There is a great deal of talk in the colony about the need for all uniting in one grand effort to restore the finances to a healthy condition and to bring about a return of confidence. At present it is only talk, but the idea seems to be that all debatable questions should be put on one side in order to bring about the desired result. In both colonies electoral reform has been attempted, and thus far with ill success. In Victoria the one-man-one vote proposal was snuffed out in the Council, whore it was opposed even by the Ministerial representatives. In New South Wales a similar measure shared a like fate, one of the grounds taken being that n the absence of a Bill providing for the redistribution of seats .the measure would be completely useless. In Victoria there is an evident wish on the part of the Conservatives and of many Liberals to let the matter drop. A little while ago tho Conservatives professed to be anxious to place before the country the issue— one vote for manhood and one for thrift — but catching as phrases often are even they do not seem to go down in Victoria just now. The paper which used to be and we sup pose is still the organ of what is called the Liberal party strongly urges that this 'is not an opportune time to arouse public feeling on the oneman one-vote question, and the meeting held in the Melbourne Town Hall the other night to advocate it was little better than a failure. .Mr. Dibbs proposes to have a special session for the reintroduction of his Electoral Reform Bill, and to accom pany it with provisions for a rearrange ment of seats. It is by no meanB certain if he will succeed, for the Assembly does not want to face a dissolution, and the Legislative Council will no doubt take advantage of this knowledge. Still Mr. Dibbs has done and is doing something to redeem the pledges he gave. He h»s, for one thing, dealt very plainly with the Labour party. He rejected with scorn the proposal that the Legislative Council should be increased by the ap pointment of men specially connected with labour, and he deliberately raised the iBsue of protective duties, and so compelled labour members to take sides in the fiscal question. He has been quick enough to see that the Labour party haB more to fear from internal discord than from any other cause, and that even from his own point of view nothing is to be gained by refusing to acknowledga its existence or by question ing its right to exist as a party. It is noteworthy that at this moment we should receive from England the opinion of so sagacious a politician asMr. Wise that the presence of labour representatives in Parliament will have a beneficial and not an injurious effect, and that this is the Hght in which tho matter should be viewed by English investors in colonial securities. In Victoria politicians of all classes are evidently trembling at the pos Bible results of the next elections. There is much talk about the continual, unremitted, and uneducated aggression of the Labour party. ' The friends of liberty, the opponents of Trades Unionkm,' aro reminded that they 'have every reason to hope that they will succeed in conserving those privileges —now threatened by demagogues and adventurers— which have stimulated private enterprise in tho past.' In spite of the deplorable mes3 which tho friends uf liberty seem to have made of Victorian politics and Victorian finance of late years, they are unwilling that a new element should be introduced into the Legislature, and under a veil of high-sounding phrases they are en deavouring to conceal the real issues. A modern Dr. Syntax in search of the picturesque in colonial politics would pro bably find much more to amuse him in Victoria than in New South Wales during the next few months. In the former they are doing nothing except that each seoma to be selfishly trying to save himself ; in thelattertheyare makingsome efforts, though in rather a floundering sort of way, to redeem the national credit. It adds to the humour of the situation in the southern colony that the hero of Black Wednesday is looked upon as the man who ia to bring the colony out of its financial troubles. How that is to be accomplished remains an unsolved problem even to Sir Graham Berry, but it seems to bo taken for granted that further taxation is neces sary, and that the Civil Service has grown in number and in cost to such an extent that one of the first duties of what Gver Government may be in power will be to inaugurate a policy of wholesale retrenchment. It is not uninteresting to note the treatment which the federation question is receiving in the two colonies. Certain Victorian politicians aro mourning that the dream of an Australian nation is not to be realized yet, and they find one of the chief causes of the delay in the conver sion of the New South Wales Legislature to a protective policy. They take up this view of the situation regardless of the fact that Victoria has oven within the last two or three years pronounced very decidedly in favour of provincial protection. In New South Wales the Ministry promises that the Commonwealth Bill shall receive attention next session, and excuses tho delay that has taken place on the plea that it is essential to attend first of all to financial and other local questions. That the enthusiasm on the Federal proposals has died down cannot be gain said, but the real reason is not that given by the class of Victorian poli ticians to which we havo referred. It is certain that the disclosures of the cor ruptions practised by the Canadian Federal Government and in the Canadian Legislature have caused a good many who are anxious to see the Australian Colonies politically united to seri ously reconsider the position. In this colony, at any rate, the people have always had a direct control ovej the Government, and hence many of the abuses which have crept in in other places have been avoided. If it is possible for a Federal Government to show so much laxity as has besn displayed by the Canadian Executivo and Legislature the opponents of federa tion may fairly enough ask that the Bystem shall not be established hero unless substantial guarantees are found against such abuses. Further, as the progress of Canada has not been nearly so great as it was supposed to be, the doubters find some excuse for trying to postpone federation here. We have no sympathy with tho view that tho experiences in Canada afford justification for delaying federal action here, but it will servo no good purpose to shut our eyes to the fact that the federal move ment seems to have distinctly lost ground during the last twelve months. The Governor op Victoria.— Wo learned last night that Lady Hopetoun had given birth to a son on Saturday. Her Ladyship and tho infant are doing well. The Premier in India.— Eoaeh Brothers, of this city, on Saturday morning received from Mr. J. Roach, senior member of the firm, who is travelling with the Premier, a telegram, dated Lucknow. February 19, stating that the Hon. T. Playford, Mrs. Playford, and hiuuelf were all well. The Mail Steamer.— Tho O.S.S. Orizaba arrived at Albany nt 2.30 on Saturday morn inpr. She will arrive at Larga Bay on Tues day about noon. Northern Territory Government Resi dent.— We believe, although the appointment has not yeb been formally made, that it ia practically settled that the offices of Govern ment Resident and Judge of the Northern Territory are to be conferred upon Mr. O. J. Dashwood, M.P, The salary is understood to be £1,100 a year. The New Fire Brigade Station. — Tho tender of Mr. N. W. Trudgoon for the erec tion of the now Firo Brigade Station in Wako field-street has been accepted, and the building will be ready for occupation in five months. The contract price ia £3,290. The Elder Expedition.— Mr. J. Dreyer, who has been engaged surveying in Western AuBtralift, and who is now visiting South Aus tralia, has a few words to say about the Elder Scientific Exploration Expedition. Mr. Dreyer waB on tho Yilgarn Goldfields when Mr. Lindsay emerged with the expedition from the interior. Tho explorers remained some days at tho Southern Cross. Their advent was fully anticipated, for, according to Mr. Dreyer, it was the only route they could pos sibly take with safety from Fraser's Range to get to the Murchison. 'We all expected that the expedition would fail to find water at Hampton Plains. The cameh showed that tho expedition must havo had a very rough time of it, and the people on the fields wondered at so many boasts coming through eo well. I think the way in which Mr. Lind Bay brought tho expedition through clearly proves bis fitness as leader. He had good reason from the reports of Giles and others to expect to find water at Queen Victoria 8pring3, but, notwithstanding that, Mr. Lindsay thought it was wise to put the members of the expedition on short allowances of water, and I believe that that course had a great deal to do with their coming out safely. If they had used their usual supply of water what a state they would have been in on reaching Quean Victoria Springs, which was dry.' Mr. Dreyer says that Mr. Streich and other late members of the expedition camped with him while ab Southern Cross.- He heard of not the slightest hint of disaffection among the party at that time, and was surprised to learn of the turn of events which resulted in the resignation of the scientific officers. Emeioters' Union op Souni Australia. ? A meeting of tho executive was held at the offices of the Federated Employers' Council on Thursday last, when Mr. John Darling, jun., took the chair. Amongst other matters it was reported by tho Seoretary that a statement bad gained currency in certain quarters that one of the rules of the Union prevented any member from engaging an employe whilst in tho service of a fellow-member. Tho Secre tary was directed to give thia statement an unqualified denial, as no such rule has ever existed in connection with the Union, and to forward copies of the rules to the daily papers in proof of the fact. «#.' Pastorausts' Federal Council.— Tho third sederunt of the Pastoralists' Federal Council was held in Melbourne, at the offiee3 of the Union, on February 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, and 10. The following gentlemen represented the various federated Unions at the meetings I —Messrs. W. E. Abbott, D. F. Jaques, Alexander Oilson and Whitely King, Secretary (Pastoralists' Union of New South Wales); Messrs. M. Hunio Black, M.L.A., John Cameron, James Crombie, M.L.A., and Mr, Fred. Rawson, Secretary (United Pastoraliats' Association of Queensland); Messrs. Walter Reynell, George Riddock, J, L. Stirling, M.L.O., and Mr. N. W. Stirling, Secretary (PastoralistB1 Union of South Australia); Messrs. J. A. Campbell, David Elder, C. G. Murray, and Mr. Edmund Mitchell, Secre tary (PastoralistB' Union of Victoria.) Mr, David Elder was elected President, and Mr. W. E. Abbott Vice-President ; tho Hon. Secre tarial of the several colonies represented being appointed joint Secretaries to the Federal Council. Among a number of ac counts presented were those having reference to the strikes of shearers in Queensland and New South Wales during the year 1891. These, after examination, wore passed, and the expenses apportioned among the federated Unions. The sphere in which each Union was ordered to operate was denned at tho last sederunt, but the definitions were on this occasion subjected to certain alterations, chiefly with a view to obviating the objection which certain Councillorsr aised to the dividing into halves of the Wilcannia district. One resolution adopted will havo the cITect of adding to the Victorian Union's area that por tion of New South Wales lying south of lat. 32 and west of the Darling River, and ex tending to tho South Australian border. Certain additional stations in the Wilcannia district were placed in the South Australian sphere. The Queensland border-line was retained, and will continue to separate the spheres of the Quefinsland Association and the New South Wlaea Union. Cricket.— Owing to the state of the wickets after Friday night's welcome rain the two un finished matches were soon disposed of on the Oval on Saturday. Tho Norwoods having concluded their innings for 30S put out the Adelaides for 74, G. Giffen taking G wickets for 19 run The Adelaides went in again, and, the wicket having improved, they by some brilliant batting put up 113 for 4 wickets. The South Adelaides raised their ecoro to 200, and got rid of the 9 North Adelaides who turned up, for S3 runs. The PitEsa v. the Law at Obv.'Ket.— The Adelaide Oval this afternoon will be the scene of a cricket con est between members of the Fourth Estate and the legal profession. An interesting game is expected. The Damaged Dynamite.— On Saturday the damaged dynamite — about sixty -two cases, each originally containing 50 lb.— was destroyed at sea a short distance from the Port Adelaide Lighthouse. It was destroyed in the presence of Mr. Turner (Professor Rennie's assistant) and Mr. Halsey (the Magazine-keeper). Pro- fessor Rennie did not superintend its destruc- tion, because he considered it of more impor- tance to witness the repacking of the undamaged material, of which there was eighty-three or eighty-four cases. There were but twenty- three or twenty- four new cases available on Saturday, and these were carefully filled, Professor Rennie examining each packet personally before allowing it to go in. Providing he has the cases ready, Pro- fessor Rennie will repack the remainder on Monday morning. It is intended to burn the damaged cases. The circumstances attending the accident to the lighter Derwent will form the subject of a special enquiry by the Marine Board. Professor Rennie will send his report on the Board almost immediately. The Late Mr. James Archibald.— Mr. James Archibald, who died on February 17 all his residence, Burasido, at tho ripo age of seventy-nine, was a colonist of forty- one years. He was well known in the drapery trade, to which business ho was apprenticed in Scotland. In 1851 he arrived in South Aus tralia with his wife, intending to follow agri cultural pursuit! but circumstances not being favourable he accepted nn engagement with Messrs. Jeffreys, of Hindley-street, and sub sequently with the firms of Messrs. North more & Dean and Messrs. Farmer & Hodgkis?. Afterwards ho followed tho iortunes of Mr. John Hodgkiss in Rundlo-Btreet, and later, when the cresent firm of Messrs. James Mar shall & Co. purchased tho business, ho re mained with them, not leaving their service till within eight months of his deeeaso. The late gentleman's face and figure were familiar to all frequenters of these establishments. His Irindly disposition, strict integrity, and keen knowledgo of business gained for him a host of friends. Messrs. James Marshall and Co. esteemed tho deceased gentleman very highly, and frequently held him up as an example for younger employes, and never losi an opportunity of claiming to have the 'oldest hand in tho trade in the colonies behind their counter.' Up to within a month or two of his decoaso ho had ex cellent health, and w.ib remarked for activity and regularity, consequently his end came eomowhatunexpectedly. Holeaves a widow, bud no children, his nearest blood relative in Aus tralia being a nephew, Mr. Frank Archibald!, who was with him at tho time of his death. The deceased gentleman was one of the old school, to whom early-cloaing camo aa a pleasing revelation, and ho frequently would relate to ardent supporters of this reform how, when he was a boy, his hours were from 7 in the morning till 10 at night, and on Saturdayt till 12 o'clock, and then a long walk of eleven milea home after the shops were shut. The funeral took placo on tho 18th inst. at tho North-road Cemetery. Service waa coaduatcdl in St. David's Church, Burnsido, of which Mr. Archibald wa3 a member, by tho Rov. P. R. Pymar Dodd. Tho firm of Messrs. Marshall were represented at the grave by Mr. W» Taylor and Mr. J. W. Porter, as w^U as by several managers of departments, In additijn to other friends. Baptized in the Torrens.— A rathec unusual religious service was purfonnel in tho Torrens Stream near tho end of St. Pete B« road on Sunday afternoon. About 100 persona assembled to witness tho ceremony, which wa\a that of immersing seventeen pooplo belonging to tho Seventh Day Advent sect. A oleac pool about three foet deep waa selected at the: back of Mr. Gilbert's houso. Tho candidates,' who varied in age from about nine years to about thirty years, walked from the houso of Mr. Gilbert, and on tho bank of tho river a short Eervico was held, Elder Daniels, of America, officiating. At tho conclusion of tha prayer the company moved towards tho river. Elder Daniels walked into the pool first, and then the candidates, who woro all dressed in their ordinary costumes, were escorted to him. Standing in about three feeb of water tho Elder proclaimed as each convert carao to his sido — 'In tho name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost I baptise thee,' and immediately he or she was completely im mersed. Just before and after the baptism the choir sang tho verse of an appropriate hymn. There were ono man and one woman among the candidates, the balance of fifteen being composed of eight boys and sa'-'en girls. The ceremony lasted about an nour. Mr. Froude and Federation.— A lengthy letter which Sir Henry Parkea has lately received from Mr. J. A. Fioude, tho greaft historian concludes with the following reference to Australian federation :- I need nob Eay with how much interest I have watched your splendid efforts for tho con federation of Australia. I am younger than you are, yet I already feel my age indodin ing power and energy. I look With the mow admiration on the select spirits who do not know what age means, and carry their fla* still flying to the very end. May good f'--aDB IS* still be with you.' The Sydney Telegraph understands that after a little further rest Sir Henry Farkes intenda taking up federation aa the firsb and greatest of Australian questions. The World's Exposition Exhibitors' Re PRESENTING Comi'ANY.— Mr. Charles Aubrey, of this city, is tho South Australian represen tative of this Company, which has beon formed in Chicago with a capital of ?200,000. The object of tho Company is to receive, arrange, and look after exhibits to tho Chicago World's FairinlS93. After tho gigantic Fair is over tho Company will permanently ostablish an agency, with the necessary exhibition-rooms and warehouse, for the purpo3o of selling and introducing into the American markeb goods eshibited-under their charge. Tho Com pany has agent^Tall parts of the world. Utimzixu Silt. — The Government have accepted a tender for tho disposing of silt dredged from tho Port River on one of the Marino Board Reserves near Jervois Bridge. It will bo necessary to erect a small landing to do some sheet-piling at the piece of ground that will bo reclaimed. The first pile was driven on Saturday morning. Death from Dynamite Fcmes. — Our Nairne correspondent wrote on February 19: — ' A sad occurrence took place on the farm o ' Mr. John Mullins, of Springfield, about eight miles from hero, whereby Mr. Mullins'a eldest son Patrick, aged twenty, lost his life. It appears Mr. Mullins had engaged a miner — a young man named William Paull — to deepen a well which had become dry, and yesterday morning, assisted by the deceased, Paull had successfully fired a charge of dynamite. After wai ing a short time the young men desoended the well, which is about IS ft. deep, bub finding the fumes too 6trong for them they came to tbo Burface. After waiting some time they again descended, but could not remain below. They felfc rather ueer, but thought the effects would soon pass off. Both gradually grew worse. Dr. Morier, of Nairne, was summoned during the night, and he at once saw that the case of Patrick Mullins was hopeless. The young follow passed away about 8 o'clock this morning. Paull is still alive, and hopes aro entertained of his re covery. Great sympathy is felt fcr Mr. Mullins and family in their sad bereavement, as the deceased was a fine, useful young man.' A Case of Distress.— A correspondent has drawn our attention to what is clearly a very distressing caso of destitution, and has for warded 5s. as a contribution towards its relief. We learn that on Saturday night a woman with four children applied at the Adelaide Police Station for food and shelter. She stated that, with her husband and family, she had recently returned to this colony from Vic toria, and was awaiting news from her husband, who had gone into the oountry Eeeking work. Meanwhile she and her children had nothing^ to '''?? and no place to lodge in. The police belu.e Jjer statements to be true, and on Sunday morning made arrangements for her admission into the Destitute Asylum. The case is one which appeals to the sympathy of the charitable, and we trust that others will follow the example of our correspondent. Canon Whitington and Mission Work. — It having been reported that Canon Whiting ton, at present one of the mission chaplains of the Bishop of Brisbane, and formerly clergy man of. this colony, had roceived a new ap pointment, a representative from this office waited on that gentleman and ascertained the following particulars: — At the last General Synod of Australia and Tasmania, held in Sydney in September last year, an ordinance was passed for the reorganization of the foreign mission work of the Australian Church. The Bench of Bishops, with the Primate as President, form what is known as the Board of Missions, who have an Executive Counoil in Sydney and cor responding committees throughout Aus tralia and Tasmania. The General Synod, at the request of the Bishops, decided to create a new office in the form of a General Seore taryship, the clergyman holding that) position to be nominated by the Bishops without appli cation and appointed by and subject to the authority of the Primate. His duties will bo to organize missionary enterprise, which will involve his spending a large portion of his time in travelling through the different dioceses, probably also visiting the missionary fields of the Church in Melanesia and New Guinea. He is also to direct his atten tion to stimulating interest in Church work among the aborigines of Ans tralia and tho Chinese and Soutli Sea Islanders, who are settled therein. The head-quarters of the General Seoretary are to be in Sydney. At the beginning of the present ytar Canon Whitington receivod from tho Primate notification that the majority of the Bishops desired his appointment, and after an interview with the Primate the nomination has been confirmed, and Canon Whitington will enter upon his new duties at the beginning of the ensuing month. During his' residence in Brisbane part of his duties has been in connection with the Christianised Chinese and Kanakas of that city, and during the recent visib of Sir William MacGregor, the Administrator in New Guinoa, to Brisbane Canon Whibington hod tho advantage of a long interview, in which the Administrator spoke warmly of his interesb in the missionary work now being carried on in New Guinea by the London Missionary Society, WeBleyans, Roman Catholics, and more recently by the Church of England. The Administrator said ho welcomed the mis sionaries as distinctly valuable agents in promoting the civilization of the islanders. Tho missionary labours in New Guine* have been wisely divided as to locality, by each branch of the Christian Churoh having assigned a defined area of operations so as to minimise nil dangor of overlapping. The Church of England Mission is, of course, at present much depressed by the reaenb death of the missionary in charge, the Rev. Albert MacLaren, bub energetic steps aro now being taken to place the mission once more on a working basis. Bub while tho New Guinea mission is at present absorbing a large share of the missionary efforts of the Anglican Churoh in Australia, ib is hopod under the new organi zation, with whioh Canon Whitington wil now be associated, that a greater lntereab will be kindled in attompts to Christianise and civilize Australian aborigines and the other races, such as the Kanakas and the Chinese who have temporarily or permanently taken up their home in Australia. Largely increased funds will be needed if this is to be done, and ib will be an important parb of bhe Genoral Secretary's duty to establish local organiza tions for increasing the finanoial resources of the Anglican Board ssions for Australia and Tasmania. Tiie Locomotive Engineer.— On aturday evening about 300 of the employes engaged in the departments under Mr. T. Roberts, Loco motive Engineer, meb ab bhe Selborne Hotel b bid farewell to Mr. Roberta, who will leave fo* England onSfgdnesday on six months' leavo of absence. T?ho gathering took the form of a social, bub ib was somewhab formal in charac ter. Mr. J. Bowbear, on behalf of bho employes, presented Mr. Roberts with an illuminated address, whioh had been prepared by Mr. Wallace Baker, of tho Aooountant's offioe. The audienco was thoroughly represen tative, .and tho evening was most pleasantly spent. Mr. Latimer. the Locomotive Superin tendent, will act as Locomotivo Engineer during the absence of -bis chief. The Uraidla Trap Accident.— Mr. Walter Elborough, who was injured by being thrown out of his trap at the Uruidla Show on Thurs day, was taken from the Uraidla Hotel in the evening about 6 p.m. to his residence, about three-quarters of a mile away. Of two evils, Dr. MacLachlan thought it would be better for him to be at his home than to stay at the hotel, where quietness necessary could not be so well obtained. Mr. Elborough suffered great pain on being removed. The doctor made an exa mination of him as soon as possible at the resi dence. The latest information obtained on Friday evening was that he was about the same. No bones were broken, but he was con siderably bruised and severely shaken. A Sebiocb Bolt.— An accident attended by eerious consequences occurred near tho Bri tannia Hotel, on the road to Marryatville, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Frederiok Thomas, accompanied by another gentleman, was driving a tandem team, when the hcrses took 'v't-* on passing the gato of the Old Race «? '£'*' iMr3e8 daahed off at a furious rate, and almosu ^mediately C3me fal W» npon » lady, »*. wa3 wheeM a perambulator with a baby inside, tho result being a general smash - up of both the trap and tho perambulator. The lady was knocked down and badly bruised, and it is feared that the infant, although ib bore no marks of outward hurt, received internal injury. The leading horse broke away, and continued its career for some time, whilo the other, within a few seconds of the collision, ran with the remains of the trap against another horse which was being ridden along the road, causing injury to both animaU. Mr. Thomas and his companion were severely shaken. S.A. Amateub Pho graphic Society.— At the invitation of the Hon. Dr. Cockburn a number of members of the S.A. Amateur Photographio Society left Adolaido on Saturday morning by the 6.50 a.m. train for Mount Barker with the view of having a photographio field-day. On ar rival tho members were met by Dr. Cock burn, and were driven to his residence, where a sumptuous breakfast was partnken of. After wards the whole party drove off to explore the picturesque spots in the neiKhbourhoad. Some views of the township were first takon, and then a start was made for the Mount Bnrker Springs, five miles distant. Numerous stoppages to enable the members to secure pretty scenes were made, and at about 2 o'clock a halt was made for lunch. A tree that had been destroyed by lightning the samo morning was seen close by, and was an interesting sight. The track of the electric fluid for about a couple of hundred yards was plainly marked. The ground along the track had been ploughed up, and the wire in a fence close by fused in two. The excursionists return3d to Mount Barker by ay of Nairne, lakiston/and Little Hampton. n arrival at the doctor's house tea awaited the party, and was greatly enjoyed. After the President of the Society :( Mr. G. Staco) had proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Dr. Cockburn for his kind hospitality, which had enabled the members to have the most enjoyable photographic outing they had ever had, a start was made for home, town being safelj reached about 8.30. The Queensland- Railway Employes.— A significant result of tho changed times appears in the substitution of indifference for enthusiasm on the part of tho associated working man (says the Brisbane Courier of February 16). During the last year the membership of the Railway Employes' Association has decreased by over 800, or about one-fourth of the whole. Tho railway employes may be largely penetrated with, the convbtion that whatever their hard ships they aro as well off as they can hope to bo in the present circumstances of the colony, and particularly of its railways. No amount of Unionism can make a shilling out of a sixpence, and the proposed direct labour representation in Parliament, to which tho members are pointed as their next hope, is worse than useless if it hinders rather than helps that revival of trade whioh alone will benefit labour or any other class. At the late meeting of delegates some of the leading members of the Association showed themselves aware of the real difficulties to be meb. Yet a fuller recognition of tho facts would have saved the delegates from the rebuff they have met with at the hands of the Commissioners. Roughly, the objects advocated at the meeting and taken before the Commissioners were two fold, the reinstatement of certain employes who had been dismissed during the strike, and. tho redreBB of certain . alleged grievances affecting the hours, wages, and privileges of the men. On the first point the Commissioners were inexorable. They refused to rd-' open the question, and even objected, to a person other than a railway employe appearing on the deputation. Where cases of avoidable hardship were made out the Commissioners were ready to remedy the evil, and- had even anticipated the com plaint by issuing the necessary instructions. For the resb— the hours worked, the wages paid, the position of probationers, of lengths men, of boys, and of women— the discussion made it apparent that the Commissioners had to choose between the present system or a stoppage o As the Chairman said, the colony was losing £4,000 a year on the rail ways already, yet the requests made by the delegates amounted all round to the demand that the loss should be increased. Melbourne Trams.— In thickly populated distriots probably no better means of oonyey- ' ance for passengers is known than' that pro-' vided by the tram system of Melbourne and suburbs, but the necessity for two vehioles and two men somewhat handicaps the success of the cable trams where the population is sparse. This has been felb in the Norbhcote and Preston districts, bub a reoently invented device promises to do away with tho only objection that has been lodged against tho existing system. Ib is satisfactory (says the Melbourne Telegraph) to find thab this will dispense with the use of tho dummy where the traffic does nob warrant the two vehicles, and Mr. Thomas Collier, the Chief Engineer to the Company, and Mr. William Don, Manager of the car factory, have succeeded in adapting the grip gear to the ordinary passenger vehicle. A test shows that the gripping of the cable can be effeoted from the front or baok platform of the passenger car, the three levers (the grip, brake, and trook) having been made adjustable, and their removal from the front to tho back occupies only a moment. This will do away with the ne^aatfy for the dummy and the conductor, as a weil-known appliance will be placed inside the car to receive and register the fare. The Company anticipate that the result will be a very hand some profit to the shareholders. The Cigabmakers op Melbourne.— Ib ap pears now that the statement recently made thab numbers of cigarmakers in Melbourne are starving for want of employment is nob accurate. The statement (says the Argus of February 19) was made on several occasions, w en deputations waited on the Minister of Customs asking for an increased duty on im ported cigarB, and those who emphasized it most wero invariably members of Parliament. The Minister of Customs, in order to relieve what he understood to be a serious depression in the cigar-making industry, decided to amend the regulations in such a way as to give every man who desired it the opportunity of becoming a manufacturer for himself. Any man may now starb cigarmaking on paying £5 a year for a licence and forwarding the necessary guarantee, bub the large factories have bo pay £50 a year for a licence, and have to provide ?a heavy guarantee. Naturally enough the owners of factories objecb to the new regula tion as creating a dangerous class of compe tition, and threats havo been made that cheap labour will have to be employed if the system is continued. A deputa tion from the Cigarmakers' Mutual Asso ciation waited on Dr. Wollaston, the Secre tary of Trade and Customs, yesterday, and stated that, while their organization num bered about 200 persons, only fifteen had availed themselves of the new licensing pro vision. If the system extended the large manufacturers would nob be able to continue work, or else cheap labour would have to be employed instead of the present hands, and the effect of the Bmall licences would be to throw the whole trade out of employment. The deputation wished to correet the state ment that numbers of the trade were starv ing. That was nob correct, as the Association granted a weekly allowance to all out of work. Dr. Wollaston promised to represent the views expressed to the Minister, and suggested that if some arrangement could be made with the factories to give employment to all the small licences already issued might be sur rendered. Victorian Finance.— A'sweeping attack on Viotorian financial legislation is contained in tho Banters' Magazine in an article on ' Bank ing and the Viotoritn Land Boom.' The writer (Mr. M. Macfie) attributes the financial disasters which have occurred in thab colony to the operation of the amended Banking Bill, whioh legalized the practice (previously for. bidden) of Bank making advances on land and ?similar securities. He writes :— Skilfully sandwiched between clauses 5 and 7 is the one which forms the rakon d'etre of the Parliamentary Commission and the Amended! Banking Bill— 'JAay incorpo rated Banking Company may, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Act in force in the colony of Victoria relating to such Bank, advanoe^or lend money on the Becurity of lands, housei, ships, or pledge! of merchandise.' We need hardly say that thi§ clause reduces at a stroke banking practice, gaiwohavo long known it in England, to mere system of vulgar pawnbroking. The passage of that fatal clause is responsible for the entire disorganisation of oredit and dis location of business which accompanied and succeeded the financial orgies of the land boom. The Allah who created the Commis sion and secured the pas-age of the Bill re-, commended by the Commission was Mr. M. H. Daviep, and his prophet was the restlessly zealous General Manager of the Commercial Bank of Australia, a member of the Commis sion, who, perhaps, is now less enamoured of his handiwork in this lowering of tho functions of colonial banking than ho was. The disadvantages of the short-sighted system of banking now openly authorized by Statute and recognised by the community in Victoria are palpable enough. In regular banking, in which three and six months' bills drawn and accepted 'forvaluo reooived'acb a lending part, the credit limit is short and definite. The foundation of the bills is goods which are supposed to have changed hands from seller to buyer. These goods, it is assumed, will, for the most part, be disposed nf by the time the bill is due, and the acceptor will accordingly be put in funds to pay tlie indebtedness as represented by the bill. So also when goods are exported, and advances are made to the exporter on ship ping documents and )draft on the consignee. The commodities, the value of which the bill represents, are persumably marketable, and the balance of probabilities is thab the draft will be met at maturity. But it is altogether different with land aa a banking security. In a new country, and among a speculative people, land is necessarily subject to wide fluctuations in value, and in a orisis like the present in Australia it. is, in most cases, absolutely ' unsaleable; at any price. Moreover, to be of any real 'service to the borrower on such a security, the loan. must usually be for a period of years. These un favourable conditions, it may be said, are largely compensated by tho higher ' rates of interest allowed on land loans. But do those higher rates fully cover the excessive^'uks run, under the circumstances, by the leading Banks? We doubt it. In exposing the new pawnbroking system of banking which has been established in Victoria, it is needless to do more than point to the enormous lock-up of capital which the encouragement of land ' speculation .'given by Banks has already entailed upon them. Many of them have nob only squatting stations and agricultural farms on their shoulders, but numerous speculative allotments and untenanted buildings, which they will be unable to dispose of for years owing to the complete absence of buyers. No parliamentary measure ever introduced in connection with Australian banking has done a tithe of the injury which was worked by the Act which was brought forward and passed so surreptitiously. Regarded as a plan devised by one or two greedy bankers to multiply outlets for lending Government deposits which they expected would roll into their coffers in a Pactolean and perennial stream from year to year from Australian loans issued in London, it has proved a miserable failure, and has over whelmed its authors and their friends with loss and disappointment. Unscbutolous Mining Management.— Most of our readers says the Mining Standard) will be able to point to instances within their own knowledge where important information relating to mining properties has been with held from shareholders and the publio, or so long delayed in publication as to be robbed of half its value. As the law now stands in the colonies it affords the shareholders no real pro tection against unscrupulous conduct of this kind, but they manage things better in Colo rado (U.S.), where the legislation is very explicit as to the obligations of mining officials. It is provided that 'it shall bo the duty of the Superintendent to file with the Secretary a weekly statement, under oath, showing the number of men employed under him and for what purpose, and the rate of wages paid to each. He shall attach to such account a full report, under oath, of the work done in said mines, the amount of ore extracted, from what part of . the mine taken, the amount sent to the mill for reduction, its assay value, the amount of bullion roceived, the- amount of bullion shipped to the office of the Company or elsewhere, and the amount, if any,' retained the Superintendent It shal also be his duty to forward to the office of the Company a full report, under oath, of all dis coveries of rire'or mineral-bearing quartz made in said mine, whether by boring, drifting, sinking, or otherwise, together with the assay value thereof. All accounts, reports, and correspondence from the Superintendent shall bo kept in some conspicuous place in office of said Company, and be open to the inspection of all stockholders.' Wo do not know that al the matters of detail referred to are of very threat importance, but the obligation to forward reportB of discoveries, &o.;, is a,,good one, and might be supplemented by provision specifying a time within which uch reports should be communicated to s a . olders and the public. Religious Teaching in Schools. — An im portant decision has (saye the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) been given by Mr. Shiels as At torney-General upon the question of reli iuus instruction being imparted by State sohool teachers in their residences . The opinion is as follows : — ' I am of opinion thab a teaoher is not precluded from giving religious instruction in his residence, whether detached from, cr attached to a State school building.' This opinion has caused some concern amongst tho heads of the department, and they will pro bably urge tho Minister to prevent teachers from acting under it. Mr. Peacock, however, said thab the opinion is a correct interpreta tion of the law, and cannot therefore be sub verted. He also recognises that any other rendering of the law upon the subject would bring about the extraordinary result that parents who happen to be employed by the State- as teachers would be debarred from giving religious instruction to their children in their own homes. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in tho General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, February 13, were :— Births, 83 males, 90 females; deaths, 31 males, 32 females; total, 173 births, 63 deaths Excess of births, 110\. The District of Adelaide— Births, 22 males, 22 females ; deaths, 7 males, 15 females ; total. 44 births, 22 deaths. Excess of births, 22. Ambulance Work.— The monthly meeting of tho N. A. Ambulance Practice Club was held on Thursday evening, February 18, but owing to the heat there was only a moderate atten dance. The evening was occupied with prac tical work, and one member reported having been successful in stopping bleeding from a deep gash across tho palm of the hand. The Irish Team.— The meinben of the Irish team who won the international tug-of-war assembled at the Woodman Hotel on Saturday afternoon and proceeded to the Botanio Gardens, where they were photographed by Mr. T. McGann. In the evening each man received his allotted share of the first prize of £100. The team will hold a social during the week to commemorate their victory. The Unley Council.— In the report of the Unley Council of February 15, Councillor Fox is wrongly credited with having moved that certain sums of money be expended on the main roads. It was resolved on his motion that the matter bo referred to the Works Com mittee. S.A. Swimming Club.— The twenty-ninth annual meeting will be conoluded this evening at the City Baths. The programme includes One Thousand Yards' Championship and Youths' Championship. ToOubk Skin Diseases.— Sulpholine Lotion drives away all Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Redness, and Disfigurements, leaving a clear, spotless skin. Bottles. Sold everywhere. 92mwfo Rotal Agricultural Society.— Tenders will be received up to 4 o'clock this afternoon for the right of catering and services of a brass band. St. Patrick's Day Celebration.— The General Committee meet at 8 o'clock this even ing at the Wakefield Hotel. Dr. Barnardo's Homes.— Mrs. E. Garrett (Port Lincoln), 61. Russian Jews Fund.— Mrs. E. Garrett (Port Lincoln), fil. 