CHILDREN'S COLUMN. LITTLE MR QUIMBO. Bl' E. VINTOX DLAKK. It HUB on a pleasant Juno morning that I rode out of the inn gates in Santa Carnova, a little, dirty Mexicin town away dowu in south-western Texas. You needn't look on your inapB for it-I never could find it on one yet, and you cannot. Hut of all thc ill-condi- tioned towns I ever saw this ranks among thc worst. Well, as I said, I rode out of the gateway of thc inn on a June morning. Not at all such na inn us you would imagine, but a plain, untidy, square, flat- roofed structure built of adobes-a kind of Bun-dried bricks. There was an archway leading to au ill-paved court, and as I rode out I gave Rangoon thc rein. A proud head, two alert ears, a silky bright hay coat, four swift, restless feet, a trame of iron and muscles of steel-such was Rangoon. No one ever ruled him hut I, and he scorned all laws hut the law of love. If you own horses, boys, make them love you, and you have stanch friends-truer, sometimes, than human unes-who will not fail you in time of need. Rangoon loved mc ; lie obeyed my voice or signal ; I could guide him by word if necessary. He saved my life many times, uud at last gave his omi for mine. Rut of that I will not tell now. I rode ut full gallop dou n the dirty, narrow street. I was glad to see- the last of thc dingy houses, to leave thc road, and to strike oil on thc trail that lcd north-east across thc prairie. Many Eastern boys know nothing of the Íimirics-thc wide, grand, far-reaching, undu aiing hinds that lie ell through thc south- west and west Ah, timi morning thc world seemed »U3 fresh and sweet us on thc morning of thc Creation, ¡ lie prairie was a mass of flowers-the air indescribably pure and ex- hilarating. Thc sun rose to meet mc, slanting goldenly over the tops of the long SWCIIB. Kangonn had buckled down to Iiis day's work, going forward with thc long, easy, loping gallop natural to him. I ro le nil thc morning. The sun crept up and up thc sky, and ut uoou I camped down in the timber by a swift narrow creek for dinner. I was in a hurry that day. I wanted to bc in Mcndios by noon on tile morrow ; I hud many a weary mile to ect over, and expected thc prairie to be my cdroom for thc night. I liked company tuc well generally to travel alone, but 1 wus taking a crosscut to meet thc doctor, whom I expected to find ut the inn in Mcndios. Well, when the sun began to decliuc in the west I was still in the saddle and galloping on to llic north east as I had been all day. I was tired ; so w as Rangoon. He slackened suddrnly to a slow trot, threw up Iiis head, uud sniffed the air. Just then something siugulur happened. A child's cry, faint but clear, came to my cars. I declaro to you u cold chill crept ovor mc. Just consider. I was ut least fifty miles from any human habitation, and I did not know what to make of it. Rangoon stopped short. That cry again ! A long-drawn pitiful cry ¡ it made my hair stand on end. I don't know whether I thought it was a ghost, or what ; hut nothing ever moved me boforo or since as I was moved at I hat moment It was sunset, too, and the dusk of the evening was beginning ta envelop ail things. Thc wide, far- reaching prairie lay on all sides ; no human being was near ; uo emigrant waggon would pass this way, it seemed to inc. Tho tall gross and flowers waved silently in thc fresh wind. I tried to start Rangoon along I said to myself. " It is a coyote or a prairie dog ;" hut common sense told mc better. Suddenly Rangoon turned short round and dashed off to the left. He took the bit in his teeth, put down his head, and bolted. What under tho sun possessed him I could not tell. For about three minutes he galloped like mad through the tall grass, and then brought up with a jerk. What did I sec ! A little fellow about three years old, standing in the tall grass which was as high as bis head. Ho had beaten it down all round him. A wee little man alone on thc lonely, darkening prairie, with none but God and thc angelB to watch over and defend him. He looked up into my face with a pair of the brightest eyes I ever saw, and said, " Well, I's dot most tired out ! I t'ought nobody wouldn't never tum. You's been a most awful long time. Mr. Man !" I never said a word. I couldn't ; some- thing choked mc. I reached down, pulled the little fellow up, und set him in f rout of inc. Then I reined Rangoon back to thc trail I had left. " I dess I'm some t'irsty, Mr. Man," es id thc wee mite ; and, still without a word, I gave him my canteen. "I dess I'm some hungry, too," he added ; and then, looking up is my face, he observed, " Has yon lost your tongue, Mr. Man?" "No," said I; but 1 could hardly smile. Do any of you realize, us I realized tin u, thc probable fate ol this innocent child left alone un thc wide prairie at nightfall ? " How did yon come here, child ?" said I. " I's little Slr. Quimbo," lie explained with dignity. " I did tum in a Hg waggon wiz a « hito top, an' I looked a walk, au I went all aseepy, aud zis morning de waggon was all gone." " Who was in tho waggon ?" " My papa V mama, course," ho answered with complacency ; " an' Sam ; lie's u black man. An' my kitty, an' Ho Peep. He'd a Iamb, Bo Peep is." " What's your papa's name !" " Pupa's ' honey '-xat what mama says. " Nothing else ?" asked I. "NufB"tall. S'po'scldon't know " said the midgot. "Where were you going in the big waggon Î" Here little Mr. Quimbo was ut fault. He said his papa was goiiig to a big river, but lie knew no more about the matter. Plainly there was nothing for it but to i convey little Mr. Quimbo to Mendios, where I might possibly obtain information of the waggon. I camped down soon, for it was too late to scorch further for timber, picketed Rangoon near hy, and rolled the child und myself in the blanket. I didn't sleep much, but the little fellow hardly stirred all night. Toward morning Rangoon slipped his halter, and came and Iny down close to me, treading ciruuinspcc'ly, for fear of hurting inc. After he luid himself down bc stretched his long neck over and sniffed at the child with an air of astonish- ment. " It's all right, old fellow," said I sleepily. " We'll take care of bim, won't we, Rangoan !" I dozed and waked till thc western sky turned darker blue, the oust a lighter grey. Thc stars paLd and went out. The east turned pink, then ro«y and golden streaks shot up. It was sunrise. A fresh wind blew ucl oas thc flower prairie I roso ; BO did Rangoon. The child still slept. I was investigating thc contents of my knapsack, and wondering whether it would pay to Btop to shoot anil cook gnuie, for I was ni haste, when a slmut of laughter made mc turn. The young scamp was hanging for dear life to Rangoon's tail ! Rangonu was amazed. He gave a jump and whirl which swum; thc child about like n fee thor ; but thc boy still laughed und would not let go. " Hies» my soul, child ! Tho horse iniglit hick thc life out of yon !" I cried, and sprung tn thc rescue. But Rungoon knew better. He stopped, laid hack his ears, and shook his head. 1 got the midget sway, and gave him him a fatherly caution. Then breakfast, and a fresh start. Little Mr. Quimbo chattered like u magpie. But toward noon ho grew sleepy, and by the time I struck the broad, quiet street of Mendios he was asleep in my anns. Thc inn was quito imposing. Some of the windows had balconies, lt was built in a hollow snuutc with a large paved court iu tho middle. There was a fountain in the court. You entered under a part of thc house through an arched pastaee, and the clang of Rangoon's hoofs on the flags opened wide little Mr. Quimbo's eyes. "Has you dot dere, Mr. Man!" wa« lira salutation. " Where's my papa 'n' mama?" I felt uneasy. What if I couldn't find them ? Out caine the host with many low bows and Spanish compliment*: Out also came a raggod old woman, whosaidfshe would tako my horse. "Is senor tho doctor beret" I asked in Spanish. Before he could answer tho doctor's portly form, perspiring face, and jovial voice mada answer for themselves. *' Ransom, my dear fellow, you've been for- ever and a day. Here I've spent two nights in this wretched old place. But, my dear fellow, whose child is that ?" " I 's my papa 'n' mama's child," said digni- fied little Mr. Quimbo. " I picked him up on the prairie, doctor. Do you know anything of an immigrant waggon thal has passed hereabontat" '.They're all over creation; you might as well search for a needle in a haystack," said the doctor philosophically. " Hold on, though. Seems ns if there was one that went out of here cal ly this morning." He enquired in Spanish of thc attentive iunkcener. "Si, señores-and in it WOK'the Senor Hayes, hie wife, who seemed like one dis- traught, and a rascally negro. Then go to ltroad's ranch ; it is not fur from here, five miles down thc San Saba." "I must go on down there at onco, old fellow," said I to the doctor. "I'll bc back this afternoon. " Aud down thc narrow trail by thc San Saba I galloped st thc top of Rangoon's speed, with little Mr. Quimbo on thc pommel of the saddle. By-ond-by wo saw the ranch, on a knoll overlooking a bend on the stream. " Here's zut waggon now," remarked liltlo Mr. Quimbo. "1 dess I fink it's pretty mean-goin' an' lcavin mc. 'Mos' dot a tniu' not to speak to 'cm !" A negro sat idly on thc shafts ; a lamb was tied to one of thc waggon wheels by a long rope. The negro looked up as wc rode through the gates, jumped several feet, and gave a shriek. "Oh, hi-gar f dar he isl Dar he is now, dis ycr minute ! Oh, lors-s-mussy. Murs' Huyes, whar is you, anyway ! Hi ! Mars' Hayes ! come out hyar, quick, dis minute !" And be performed around Rangoon a war dance startling to behold. Two men rushed to thc door as I ascended the steps, the child in my arms. "Stranger-(iod bless you; where'd yon come by that boy ? Tell roe quick 1" He seized mc und thc ch ld together. " Is he yours !" asked I. " He's my brother Abner's. Abner, como herc," the man called through the house. Then to me-" Stranger, you never see such a time as we've had herc since Abner and his [ wife come this mornin.' She's nigh about crazy cause they lost thc boy on the prairie, an' she goes on like a crc'tnr' possessed. There now." There was" a rush from an inner room-a cry-a rob-and little Mr. Quimbo was snatched out of my arms. When Mr. Hayes had set his wifeand boy on the settle- for she nearly fainted away-he made a charge at me. Everybody else ronde a charge at the same time. Two or three got hold of my bauds at ance, and they were nearly shaken off in the excitement and gratitude of these good people. " Hold on hold on," said I when I got my breath. " It's all right, friends, bat I am a bashful fellow, you see, and this is all quite too much, you understand." In a hearty laugh that followed the tears were wiped away, and thc men became com- posed. I can assure you I didn't get away from Broad's ranch that afternoon, and I left next dav under strict nromise to see them ucain whenever I caine that way. -St. NicJiola*. 