? Wxy Did HeLtftre Her? CHA9IEB: XJtX (Continued). " I ?in not informed of bis opinion," re» plied Mrs. Berk'ely, " bat we can hope on, my child. Can you not return with me to the Vale. AH tfce members of my family aie anxious to'welcome you among us. You can come or sehd'every day to learn how Claude progresses, and we will do all in our power to render you contented." 1 You are too good to me; but I will prove'to yoahow sensible T sui of the kindness extended to me at this time, when I need it. Butloannot return with you tonight. It' grows late, and I shall hava much packing to do." "Cousin'Carrie will come for you Herself, fdr she isatixibUB to be'ar you from tbosr the is convinced are unfriendly to you. Slie bWe me'to Bay that henceforth you are io fool to iler, as to an eider sister, for every- OlBflargiyesner.tne Sgfit to aVsume'ibe place he has so long filled toward you." Isola bad suspected; tbB interest with' which Miss Carleton regarded Fontaine, sndshe comprehended that to extend kindness to the orphan be had loved as bis cbild'would bea sblace tb her heart. She replied to tliis offer with so much feeling that Mrs. Berk'ely felt more tenderly toward her than she had done before; After a long conversation their plans were settled, and the elder lady arose to leave. Sr. Sinclair had forbidden all aocessto his patient, who was confined to the two rooms he had ocoupied. So Urs. Berkely was compelled to leave tbe house without seeing'Fontaine. Cesar and Aggy watohed over their master, who was never violent with them. Isola 1 bad the grief of learning from them that her name was never mentioned by him; that no wish to see her again passed fair lips. When the carriage containing her old friend drove away, Isola ascended to her own room, with a feeling of desolation in ber heart at the thought of leaving the house which had so long been a happy home to her. When Isola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins were built, and informed them that she had oome to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expressions of regret and attachment affected her. Escaping from the blessings that were showered on her she rodebaok to the house, to find the Senora awaiting her return on the piazza with an expression of anger on her face. As Isola ascended the steps, she addressed her; "Ton have taken a strange' liberty in ordering that ihorse to be Baddled for yourself, Miss—I-hardly know what to oall yon, perty ofmy niece, aud i have ordered that it shall be kept for her exclusive use:" By this- time Isola had become accustomed to the insolent speeches which wen addressed to her by this imperious woman, and she replied: "I no:longer alaim anything here, madam; but Savella would not object to my riding, for the last time, tbe horBe which' has been so long considered as my own; Cease.your insults, for to-morrow I leave the home which has so long sheltered me, driven from it by your uncivil treatment." " Leave La Fontaine 1 Where will yon go!" "Ihave promised Mrs. Berkely to take up my abode at the Vale. Since I am banished from the presence of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now be is unable to proteot me, I shall go to the friend whose heart and-home are open to me;" \- " To depend on ber, I suppose," she re- plied; " with such a lady as you are, anything will be better than working for your living, though I'll wager anything those youJawfully belong to have to work bard enough for theirs." To this vulgar rndeness Isola deigned no reply. She went up to her apartment, to indulge her repressed emotions in a hearty *IJr The Senora had left Savella undar the surveillance of Snmmerton, while she awaited Isola's return, for tbe purpose of giving her what she called a piece of her mind, for the impudence in ordering Selim without ber permission. During all these weeks: the strictness of ber watch over her niece had' not relaxed, for she dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. She sought Savella's room, in- which she and Snmmerton. were sitting, and whispered in bis «ati .The two went out leav- •'• ingSavefia ^lonej ;but; taking .the precaution tolookihedoor on the. outside,-unsuspicious of-the pantomime that was performing within.'. Wben they disappeared, the girl jumped up and sprang toward the window. A handkerchief was waved from it, a thread lowered to a which a letter was fastened, and. an answering signal came from the woodland, to assure her that Phillip was on the watch. When-the handkerchief waswaved, Philip waited till nightfall, came to the rosebush below the window, disengaged themiBsive, Bnd placed one for Savella on the thread, which escaped even the glance of the Cerberus who watched over her. While this was passing, the Senora drew Summerton into her apartment, closed the doorj and said: " I have-warncdyou more than once that your potion had failed in its effect. In place of hurting her, it seems to agree with her, and now she is eacaping-from us altogether." After deliberating a moment, Summerton said: "ft.it,were not for the will I would let her go. But Fontaine will not last many months, and we cannot afford to give her te'ti thbusattd'dollarB that lawfully belong tbus. Are you sure that she has drunk thav-watari?I- have made the infusion stronger than the firsthand it seems strange itnolonger affects, her." r " i have found moans to look into her ohainber.eVery morning, and the pitcher is alwa^B'-pj&tiy; emptied That proves that dM-fcsli'HVTotf miii't have given ine Bome- .- ihlnkthat is harmless." "Is if I should do such a thing 1" he rekiM. "I believe now thfttihe pours out • portion ol Ihfe water to mat* you bMitve •he has dfunk it. H Buob is the owe, yon must risk everything sooner than permit ber to-leave tbiB house alive. How ctm we manage to give her what will effeotually put an end'to herclaims ori any portion ol the estate we hive faitly earned for our* •elves?" The Senora rapidly said: "Oflate Bbeo'ftenhas her tea' sent to her own room. To-night she will do so, for she is now orying because she is going away. I can put the powder- in the sugaT. She must die before another day dawns safely. Sour skill can produoe the sympstomB of some sudden and fatal- disease?" "Oh, yes; The house has-been recently painted, and she shall die of what paintera call lead colic. I shall say the delicate state of her health predifepoBed her tb it', and sbe went to join the angels. Nobiidy oan contradict us, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." There was something diabolical in tbe ooolness with which this was uttered. Remorse was unknown tb tbe speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart; She rapidly said : "That will'do ;bring methefleath warrant, foil I amimpatieut to matte all safe tool: a portion of glittering white powder; the deadly qualities of which had been condensed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Roselli descended tbe staircase, and, after a passing glance into tbe dining-room to ascertain if it was' empty, she glided in. The Bupper-table was set, and a cup and saucer of fine blue chinB, which Isola always drank her tea from. To drop the powder into it was tbe work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noiselessly aB she had entered. She went up to Savella, who was revolving in her brain the means of effecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her everything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could manage to evade her aunt and join him at their old trysting-place. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an excuse from her young lady; she had a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent •p to her. With unblushing cheek the Nemesis prepared the liquid, and placed it on the waiter. She insisted on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after her headache went off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savella seemed in better spirits than she had been in of late. Through the servants she had heard of Isola's intended departure, and when supper was over she said: " I must go up and see Isola; it seems hard to be turned out of the home she lias so long been taught to look upon as her own; but the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in tbe house determined not to leave it till Bhe goes, so we must let her do so." 'You can bid her adieu," said Summerheras'your friend." She shuddered and changed colour. " She can never be my friend, for I shrink from her with fear since that dreadful night.in Uncle Claude's room. But I'll bid ber good-bye. I cannot let her go without that. Too need not come with me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go to Isola's room." Night had fallen; the Senora knew it would be impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey, and she was permitted to ascend alone. Instead of going to Isola, she noiselessly flitted into her room, threw up the window, and drew up a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, with the light of love shining from her eyes. One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met. I have everything prepared for an immediate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again. Come to me Savella, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I will come," sbe said; and a few hurried lines were dashed off, sealed, and lowered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of communication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her knook received no reply and she went in. Isola waB sitting beBide the fire in her dressing-robe, with her bair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, aud ber head was resting against the high baok of the chair. She was colourless, and seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. . Savella sprang toward her, exclaiming.: " Good heavens! Isola, what can be the matter with yon ? You look as if you are dying." . ." I believe I am;" she said. " I sent Celia down to her supper, and soon afterward I was seized with so violent a pain in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed as quickly as possible, Summon Celia to me." Savella pulled the bell-cord, and in a few moments Celia came in, looking frightened. When she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. " Oh, Miss Savella, what can have come over her since I went down stairs? She said she felt better after drinking her tea. What is it, Missy? "I don't know—I feel ill all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one for Dr. Sinclair. . The two girls lifted her in their arms ana placed her on the bed. On her appearance Savella hurried from the room, to inform ber aunt that Isola was ill; that something must be done for her at once, hoping that this attack might make a diversion in her own favour. Senora Boselli went to see Isola s oondition herself. She looked upon the face so changed within the last hour. Already the livid hue of death seemed setting over it, and her sense's had'so failfed her that she was unconscious of what was passing aroundbcr. Celia was wringirig'her hands, and exclaiming: «Ohs what shall I do ? She tole mis to setf for dfc atictor, an' I intist do" it now; for ef he's not here soon my at»r Missy will die." "Huih that uproar," said the Senora. "It Ii useless to send tot Dr. Sinclair now or sbe will be past help before be could get bere. Mr. Summerton'is as good a pbysioian as be iB—ask bim to oome up and' see what can be done for her." Oeliti left the room to seek Summerton, and the-Nemesis bent over her viotim to ascertain bow long life might linger in tbe frame she had doomed to destruction. The Senora's breath came in quick gasps, and sbe became paler than the halt-lifeless eing on the couch beside her. Unable to sustain herself she Bank on a chair, and sat trembling before the conviotion that arose within her mind. Summerton obeyed ber summons; but when be entered the chamber and saw tbe obanged face of hit accomplice, be started baok in dismay. He asked: " What has happened to unnerve you so J Put off that look before the girl returns, or it may betray all." " Look there," she said in a whisper. "What of that?" he asked. "It seems that she is marked with red wine. Gome— this will never do; you look as if you had seen a ghost." "So I hkve," was the reply; " the ghost of the past. Tbe girl must not die—Bave her." . "Haveyou loBt your senseEJ" iie asked: ber!" She placed her lips close to his ear, and breathed a few words into it. His face ohanged as he listened, but he anBwered: "Even if this be true, it should but confirm you in your purpose." " No—I tell you no ! I am a hard woman, I know ; but this crime I daTe not perpetrate.. I tell you she slmll not dit. We can otherwise dispose of her. "But how?" " Leave that to after consideration. Aot now; 1 insist upon it. There is an antidote; use all your skill to save her, or—I know what I may do." " Is that a threat ?" " Understand it as you please; but my will shall be yours. Befuse, and I will send for Dr. Sinclair. He will comprehed all, and who will be held answerable? I will save myself by criminating you. There— —you know me—to work, for no time iB to be lost." Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerton said: "I will do your bidding; but if your suspicions are true, she will give UB much trouble hereafter." I do not act on suspicion, but on a certainty. Hasten for your antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will not be well for you." Summerton ordered Celia to bring warm water, and in a few moments he returned, bringing the antidote to the deadly agent he had used in preparing bis subtle messenger of death. The lips of Isola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her throat; her chilling limbs were rubbed with flannels wrung from warn? watfer. The Senora seemed-nevej to weary in her effortsto restore her, and Summerton used all his skill to undo what tbey liad done shudder she closed them as they fell upon tbe Senora. "What' has happened to me?" she asked. " I feel like one just rescued from detftb." Aggy rushed to her side, and said: " An' so you is, my darlin'. Ef it hadn't been for the Snory an' Mr. Surain'rton, you'd a been wid de angels by dis time." " I haro been so ill, and they have aided me ?" she murmured. " It seems impossible." " Why so, Isola?" asked Summerton- " Savella found you here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous effluvia arising from the paint which has been used on the house. Fortunately I knew what remedies to apply; you have been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Senora Boselli and myself." " Then I must thank you," she feebly said ; " but I am tbo weak to talk much." " Nor is it desirable you should do so. You must now rest," replied Summerton, and after giving some directions to Aggy, who was to remain with her till morning, the two confederates left the room to- Isola was too much exhausted to think, though she wis in a state of bewilderment as to their conduct towards ber. When she first felt tbe paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused them of having effected their ends by destroying her, yet to their efforts she was assured she owed her life. But she soon fell asleep, and at a late .hour of the following morning she was aroused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella was repeated. CHAPTER XXXI. THE ELOPEMENT. Savella remained in tbe chamber of Isola tillher aunt assured her that the patient would recover. She watched Senora Boselli and Summerton with a puzzled expression as they moved around the souch of the sick girl, and showed earnest solioitude for her recovery. Ignorant as she was of their diabolical intention to rid themselves of her, Savella was aware that they cherished a feeling of hostility towards the adopted ehild of Fontaine ; and she was at a loss to comprehend the source of the anxiety her aunt manifested in her restoration. When assured that Isola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to her own affairs, and she resolved to avail herself of tb'6 opportunity her aunt's preoccupation afforded her to make her escape to her lover. Slie said to her: "l am sleepy. I shall retire, and Celia can Stay in ray room if you are unwilling to leave me alone." The girl was nodding in a corner; and Savella thought'she would prove but an indifferent guard. The Senora answered: «• You can take Cilia with you; the door iB locked on the outside, and you can go through" this room into your own." Savella smiled, for she had found means to slip out uhibserved, and turn tbe key; in spite of her anxiety about Isola, the Senora had not been oblivious of the safety of FIUESDLY CBITICI6M. " I never come late to a friend's dinner," says Boileau, "for I have observed that when a company is waitng for a man tbey make use of that time to load him with abuse." The means of escape were open to Savella if slie' could evade tbe sleepy watch set'upoutier, and tliis slie considered very ffa"6y' ofSccompii6limeiit. At her iommarid O'eliamaaiBberpUlbt'bh the flboi near Stir oWh bed, A'lohnge had btee'n appropriated by Senora Boselli since she bad asfeumtd tbe offioeiof duenna, andtbe girl reflected •that her relative would be tob faitgued oil ber return to the chamber to investigate tb* state of things very critically. She was spon in.bed and Celia threw herself upon her couoh and was asleep in a few minutes. So Boon as her breathing ' aSBured Savella that there Was no danger to aippreiiend from her, she arose, dressed hMiU'iti a travelling-robe, and took out Her b^aviest wrappings ready for use. Then a bundle of'cloth'ing was made up; her ca$ a~nd gown-plaie'd upon the lay figure, atid ttte'bedclothes s'6. disposed around it as to induce her aunt' to believe she was Btill lying tbere; Every arrangement completed, Savella donned her shawl and bonnet, lowered tht lamp, and glided but and looked the door behind her. • Since the bouse had been infeBted by nocturnal disturbances, the lamp in the lower hall was kept burning through the itMrs, fearfiilTest she should be saluted by the rappings which were heard at intervals. Bui all remained quiet, and she gained tbe hall in safety. Savella was afraid to attempt to gain egresB through the front door, lest the watcher who remained in the chamber of her uncle should hear her and give the alarm. She hastened to the one that opened on the back piazza, and succeeded in turning the key tbot secured it. There waB no moon, but the night was clear, and as Savella's hand was laid upon the latch of the gate, a figure started from behind a neighbouring tree, and Philip Vane exclaimed: "Is it you, my angel? Have you succeeded in escaping from durance vile ? Oh, Savella, how supremely I am blessed in this auspicious hour." Savella was clasped in his arms, and she said : " Dear Philip, I knew I should find you here. Take me away, for I am frightened out of my wits. I have come through that haunted house alone, expecting every moment that same mysterious voice would speak to me and arrest my flight. Luckily it did not, or I should have lost my Beuses, I am sure." Philip drew her to his breast and fervently said: " Your courage has made you doubly dear to me, Savella. Our horses are in charge of my servant not far fiorn here; we can get to the station for the one o'clock train, and to-morrow we will be united in Baltimore." A few yards brought them to the shelter in whioli his attendant remained with tht horses. The negro was ordered to return to Dunlora and report to his mistress the elopement of her son with tbe heiress of La Fontaine, and in a few moments the lovers were mounted, and flying in the ditney were just in time, for in ten minutes tlie train dashed up to the platform, and again rushed through the nighi with speed that mocked pursuit. Philip left his horses with the stationmaster, and with his hat drawn over his brows; his riding coat so muffled about bim as to defy recognition, be placed Savella on the seat beside himself, exulting in the thought that he had outwitted them all, and the Fontaine estate would soon be his. Savella was supremely happy, and no doubt of the future arose to dim the dream in which she revelled. When fatigue .overcame her excitement, she slept with ber head resting upon Philip's broad breast, heir form sustained by his arm, and she believed herself blessed above all women. When they reached Baltimore, Philip found no difficulty in getting a olergyman to unite them. Two blissful days were spent in visiting tbe monuments, and then the newly wedded pair set out on their return to Dunlora. At the station they found the carriage of Mr. Vane awaiting them, and in an hour the bride was congratulated by her new parents. Mrs. yane said to Savella : " You have endured a regular siege, and Philip has been in despair at your being mewed up so closely. But I think you will be your own mistress after this, and give your aunt to understand that her reign at La Fontaine is at an end. You must be my guest till the storm of her anger has subsided; then you can take your place as the ruler of your house." " Thank you ; I am glad to shelter myself with you from the outburst of my aunt's rage. I will send Philip over to bear the brunt of it, and when he has mollified her wrath by such apologies as he knows how to make, I will venture back myself. I cannot help laughing when I think of her face-when she found the doll I had dressed up so nioely to represent my precious s'elf." And Savella laughed: Mr. Yane was exuberant' in hi.' demonstrations of joy at welcoming.his rk-hly en ; dowed daughter-in-law. He slapped Philip on the shoulder and said: "You're a lucky fellow, you have won the brightest bride in the State; and," he added, " you will have the entire control of her fortune, for Fontaine is in no state to interfere with you." His son nodded intelligently, and this schemers 6at down tb a supper with sharpened appetites, and the agreeable conviction that Philip had only to walk into La Fontaine and take possession in his wife's name. Senora Boselli had discovered the ruse which had deceived her. Tired and depressed, she left the apartment of Isola, arid, after glanoing at the couch of bar niece and trying the lock of the door to see if it was still fast, the, Senora sought the repose she needed. She believed Savella to be sleeping near her, atid never dreamed of the catastrophe which had occurred. Sbe slept till a late hour on the following morning, and when she arose she was surprised t-> find Savella still-in bed. She rang ior Cell't, and said: A GOOD PLAYEB. •Little Brother (whose sister is playing cards with a gentleman): (l Mr. S(filler, does Minnie play cards well?" Mr. Smiler :Yfes Very well indeed. Then you had h'ette'r look oat; Mamma said if she played her' cards well she would catch you." " Wake up my niece. It Is nnneual foi Savella to sleep so late; but she was kept up last night beyond her usual hour for retiring." Oella oalled : the name of her mietreM several timeB. Then tbe Senora peevishly •aid: "Can't you speak load enough to arouse ber? She seems like one of this seven sleepers tbis morning." The girl-obeyed her, and uttered-a- shriek so loud as to terrify everyone within bearng. The Senora dropped the comb- she held in ber band, and aBked: "Is she dead? HaB this retribntion oome to me for—" She paused, choked, indignant, overwhelmed with sudden wrath, for Celia cried out: " It's only a doll, and the mistis is clean gone I" The Senora sprang toward her, seixed and shook ber violently, as she said: "You—you—have—helped—her—to—get —away! Don't deny it: but I—I'll have have you punished for it. see if I don't." Celia defended herself with tbe consciousness of innocence: "t 'clare 'fore my Marstcr in Heben, I don' know more'n de dead what's come o' her. Don' shake all de bref out'n me, 'caze I ain't got nothin' to do wi' dese bere •doin^.JEt- Miss^S'-vella'e-gone.-.J-idon!, know whar she's gone to, though I reckin I oan guesB who she's gone wid anyhow." " Wretch ! you helped her away ; you unlocked tbe door, or she could never have made her escape." " I don' know nothin 1 bout de do. - 'Twas locked jes' now when I come up, an' I opened it to let myself in. I t'ink it's hard to be 'spected, when I ain't done nothin'." The girl's air was so truthful that the Senora saw she was speaking the truth. She rushed across the hall, and summoned her ally to a conference. Wben Summerton approached, she exclaimed: " She'e gone ! The girl has eloped, and all our plans are dashed to the earth! Can we not yet save her from marrying Pbilip Vane ?" He stood a moment as if transfixed, with the colour retreating from his face. "Why don't you speak!" she asked, " Why do yon stand there as if stricken into stone? Follow after ber—quick] It may not yet be too late." "How long has she been gone?" he asked. "Oh! I cannot tell, but it must have been many hours ago. But it cannot yet be too late to bring her back. Go, and bring Savella back to me." " It is useless now," he replied. " All pursuit would be unavailing ; for they were in time for the Northern train, which passes the station at one o'clock." "Telegraph, then! Have her arrested and brought back at all hazards." '• But to what point shall I telegraph ? I tell you we must make the best of this affair, and take the young man into our confidence. He will have few scruples to trouble us with, and be is as much interested in—in you know what, as we are." Her anger seemed to augment at this Tiewof the case, and she frantically said: "You aggravate me beyond endurance. Take him into our councils 1 That would must follow so soon upon it? and you—you who know how much is at stake, mnst talk in tbis manner. I shall go wild 1 I don't know what I shall not do." " I will tell you what you will do," he re plied. " The only safe course for you to pursue is this : calm yourself and act like a reasonable womBn; make up your mind that Savella's marriage will take place in spite of every effort we may make. I will soon show him that he is in our power, and I understand bim too well to fear any expos£ from him. There—leave all to me; I will act for the best, you may be sure." The Senora glared on him a few moments, then turned away, and silently went baok to her ohamber. CHAPTER XXXII. CLAUDE'S A^'GEL. The house was searched for the missing girl; Senora Boselli did not command it to be done, for she knew that Savella had passed from her control; that a man as mercenary as either herself or Summerton, was about to take possession of the wealth they had believed within their grasp; and she felt that, without some hold over Philip, he would not tolerate her presence at La Fontaine. At length she muttered: " I will find means to manage him, even If I—" The thought that arose remained unspoken, but her lips closed with their iron expression, and she stood looking vaguely through the window before she could command herself sufficiently to go into Isola's ohamber, and inquire how she had passed the night. She found her weak, but that was to be expected after the severe suffering through which she had passed on the previous night. She said: "That will be but temporary. Your elastic constitution will soon throw off this weight, and you will regain your usual health. When yourdo recover, I wish that I could place you in tbe position which is held by my ungrateful niece. You have heard that she is gone; a few hours will make her the wife of Philip Vane." " Yes—I know that Savella has eloped with him. I fear her dream of bliss wilj not last long. She adores Philip, and he—" She paused abruptly, and tbe Senora took up her words, and went on in an exoited tone: " And he has sold himself for tbe money he expects to gain. I know that this man loved you, Isola; that he sought you till Savella came to claim the inheritance he thought would be yours. Good morning, I must go to breakfast now, and you are still too weak to stand much talking. I have something important to say to you wbioh I think you will be glad to hear; but I must defer it till are in a condition to bear excitement." Wondering what the Senora could have to oommunicate to her, but too feeble to give her mind to conjecture, Isola saw her depart, and after taking the nourishment Aggy had prepared for her, she sank into a half dreamy state. Isola was conscious that Summerton oame to her side and felt her pulse; but she could not arouse herself sufficiently to speak to him. At moments she felt as if floating upon a aloud of light, with soft musical murmurs gliding through the sea of golden mist that sustained her, and angel faoes seemed to sweep around her, bending looks of love upon her pale face. From this dreamy enchantment she was •roused by a voice she loved, and starting FRIDAY, (SEPTEMB Into aosiotouBneia, she saw MiBS Oarltton bending over ber with an expression of tender solioitiide upon her fair face^When •be saw Isola's blaok eyes open and rest on ber with recognition, she said: "My dear child, I have oome to olaim yon as my own from this lime forth, and I find you thus. What has caused tbis attack, for of late yon bave appeared restored tb health?" With ah effort, Isola banished' the sweet fantasies that filled her mind, and colleotedly replied: "I could not have been strong, cousin Carrie; for tbe odour of tbe paint made me very ill. But for Mr. Summerton's medioal skill, I muBt have died." "So Aggy haB told me. Iam grateful to him for his kindness. I hoped to take you , back mlth me to the Vale, but in your present state it-will be impossible to do so. I (hall send tbe oarriage back, and remain here until you are able to return with me." " Thank you, dear - friend. I know I should be very grateful to the Senora and Mr. Summerton, but I am afraid I am not so muoh aB they deserve, for I cannot help shrinking from them when they come near me. ' Very wicked, isn't it, when they have saved my life?" " After all you have borne from them, I lhink . your. feelingar natural. On^ lienefit_ 'cannot destroy the memory of a series of insults such as you have been lately made to endnre. But they are at an end, Isola; | you shall be my daughter till George rej turns to claim his darling; we have news I from the noble fellow. Letters came this morning, and here is one for you." Her face brightened, and she spoke with animation : " Let me see it; place it upon my pillow till 1 am strong enough to read it; but- tell me what he says in yours." Miss Carleton smiled as she obeyed her: " Here is your missive; George writes in high spirits; he is delighted with St. Petersburg, where he has already made many acquaintances and one friend. His presence of mind enabled bim to save a stranger from death when his horses had taken fright, and he and George have become friends. But he will tell you all about it, for he seems fascinated by this Baron Fontani." "Fontani!" repeated Isola, "the name is like ours." " It is doubtless the same name with an Italian termination, for George says he is from this country ; he is in the employment of the Czar as an engineer, and has won high rank by his services." Though Isola showed interest in the conversation, Miss Carleton could see she was overtaxing herself, and she placed her hand on her lips as she was about to speak again, and said: " Best now, Isola, for you are too weak to bear excitement. 1 will leave you to repose, and talk awhile with the Senora. I may be able to induce her to forgive her niece for the escapade she has made." Isola closed her eyes, and like a tired child she fell off into a deep sleep murmuring: "Poor Savella, I am afraid she will find dust and ashes where she expects to find the fruits of Paradise." Miss Carletnn dpct-pn^cil retired, but tbe former advanced with quiet ease, and courteously said: " Pray come in, Miss Carleton; we art only talking over tbe distressing event of the past night. You doubtless feel it as we do, though not so keenly as those who have loved and protected this wilful girl from her infancy. Can you tell us anything of Mr. Vane that is calculated to console us for the fatal step Savella has taken ?" Miss Carleton said: "I have known Philip from his boyhood, and until lately I have thought highly of him. He is amiable and well-bred, end he will always treat Savella with tho kindness and respect due to his wife." " Ah i if we could only believe that Mr. Vane is attached to her," sighed tbe hypocrite ; " but you know that hearts are not recalled at will and given again at the option of their owner. I fear that La Fontaine was the object of his affections, and not the girl who is now its possessor." Her face ohanged, and she spoke with asperity : " This place belongs to Mr. Fontaine, and neither Philip nor any one else can assert a claim to it while he lives. His friends hope to see him yet restored to the enjoyment of his own; and Philip could not have looked forward to the possession of this estate." In his most dulcet tones Summerton replied : " I have no doubt Mr. Vane will olaim it as a portion of his wife's inheritance. You are notaware, perhaps, but young Vane is, that Mr. Fontaine is indebted to his niece for the wasted income of her father's property from the day it came into his possession. Since his illness I have looked into the condition of his pecuniary affairs, and La Fontaine, with everything upon it, will scarcely suffice to liquidate tne debt." Miss Carleton became pale ; she asked: " Is it, then, your purpose to strip Mr. Fontaine of everything? to turn him out of the house in which he was born? Can Savella attempt to do this ?" It is not a question of what Savella will do," replied the suave voice, but of what her husband will be capable of doing. If I judge Mr. Vane aright, lie will be as relentless as Shylock in exacting bis pound of flesh. 1 ask you if you believe that Philip Vane will be so hard as to proceed to extreme measures ? for I may be mistaken in my estimate of him. If you agree with me, I will endeavour to take such steps as may protect Mr. Fontaine from his cupidity." After a painful pause, Miss Carleton said : " I should be sorry to think Philip capable of committing so great a wrong; but I cannot answer for him. He has disappointed me in other things, and he may prove grasping in this. Excuse me, Mr. Summerton; this conversation is oppressive to me. I must walk in the open air to regain my equanimity." She passed out of the room, convinced in her own mind that these schemers had laid their plans for the impoverishment of her old friend, and only desired to learn from her how far Philip was to be trusted to carry them out, and take on himself the odium of their coasummation. She walked on the piazza till her spirits became more composed, and then a desire seized her to see Fontaine herself, and judge if his condition afforded no bope of ultimate restoration. She turned the green blind which opened from the library window, and saw Cesar nodding in bis chair near the door. While she hesitated as to the propriety of entering, Dr. Binolair rode up and dismounted. (To be continued.) 