A BicyHst'8 Ghost A orodp of c;cli»te were seated round the fire In the comfortable inn of PoDty Prldd, Id North Walep. Tbeir talk wae of tbrilliogPXperieDCcsnD tbe wbeel, and, juet aa tbe interest was beginning tn fl,g. Tom Bodkin axked if aoy of tbeenmpan; had ever ee»n a ghont npoD a bicycle. Nearly all of them lauebed a- tbe fden. ' Doo t laugh, K^ntlemeo, '810 tton kin, quietly, ' T eaw one ! 'Tbe tblng happened In thin way. To begin at tbe beginning, Dick Xapgp and m/eelf were ranniug ueck-aod-D--ek for a dear little girl whom [ 'hall c ill Bopble Byles. 'Hopble wan a tormenting Utile witch. 6bi! flirted witb botbofuelna thornugbly Impartial way ; aud If eitbur nf uh at tempted any of tbo«n foolish remnn etrancea that fellown dppperately In love will enmeiimen venture nn in sucb pro yoking clrcaamtenoea, she would ooly tos# ber dalmy little bead, and, elevating ber eligbtly rHrawue note, ebrug her ebouldere dlatamtully, aDd say, 'Pleaee don't speak to me liny more. Tom1— or Dick, as the case might be. ' Now, Dick and I, etrange toaay. were tbe beat of friends although we were tbe best of rival*. We bad been churn* for several yeara, lodging In tbe same ' dig*,' and getting od togetber oapltally. »' Wben wb discovered tbat we were both hopelessly gone over Bophle we had ? loDg talk over tbe matter, and the tip abot of It waa that we shook bands over 1 a /air agreement to go |Q f«r her, each or us, fairly and squarely, and let lh« best man win, neither taking auy mean ad vantage of tba olb*r. 'Tbings weut on very nicely under tbis working arrangement for about el* monibp. I oftnu wet Dick riding back after visiting Mophis al ber suburban cot tage near Hiepaslde, aod he aa o/tep met me, but 0' oftener, for It wm Io tbe lioud tbat such vleltH anould be exactly equal (n number. ' We »Jw ays laughed gond- homouredly at each other wben we met Ibus, chatted each other about our prospects of siiccesa, and went oH and had a drink ; so you aee we were honourable chums, ' K»r eome montbB we led tbis aort nl life, and nothing oould possibly be more satisfactory to elHi-r Dlok or me— unlies either of us would .^keblmselftoJerlt-lio, out of tb« other's u -,- . But m this w»e a very ninoto oopiiogcucy Indeed, wc m oepted the ultuatlnn In a spirit of beatific obeerfuluess, and made the best we could of It. 'Sophie had only oil* relative living— but that was quite a sufficient number. It was ner father— anil he was a lerror. ' Among tlie virtues Mr. Byles rejoiced 111 — anil tliey were too numerous to parti. CUlartsi «— was that nl right lioiiBMty. He bad never gnt into debt tn tlie extent of a peuny In his life, tie used tn hnast ; aud be detected people who did. The ci (it mail seene-d liar* au Im partial sort nf llkluit f't ? -t ti Dick aud me. He didn't onjei-i our pay Ine our addresses in Ills d.iiirlit- r, but seemed to be trying. Ilhe niirsnives, tn Hod out which nf us she liked beet — per- tiap. with equal uwure-ii'. At any rate, lie always met us ctnlly. aud chatted to us ill nls own dry way on such interest ing topics as tbe weather aDd tbe crops, tbe etock and share markets, and the like. ?? Dick sud myself were tlieu in the en joyment of a modest iuenrue each — quite enough for hiiu. for he was out of an ex travagant turn; but hardly enough for me, for my tastes were more luxurious, ' Ho'ever, financial matters were lint In Dlctt'n aoy more than my own own, ever thought »f fur a tivtu-*ii' In couuectinn witb our mutually dear Sophie. We would have taken li--r with nut a penny— but we knew very well ebe wouldn't come eo, whenever she made up her mmd. ??Oue evening I met Dick riding hack frnm S'etia«lde. efter oue of Ihe regula tion vmita, ax I was going nut to take hl» place He jumped dowu »fl hiahicyde, and come over tn me In a state of great perturhatian. ' ? Tom, said he, ' I'm In great trouble, old fellow. I nave (..en away for a fort night. There's a inuMon aunt of inme verv ill, over ill Hoiuhure, ami 'he w.,r.ie to eee me. I'm lobe tier heir, you c e, and I can't pnp«ibly refu-e.' ?* 1 1 don't see why you ahnuld my boy,' I replied; 'neither -lo J percive why you should be so dreadfully agitated. You'ie a lucky dog, eo yon are— coming lu for a fortune.' ' ' D 'U't eee It !' be cried, opening his eyes in astonishment. 'What is Bnpble I to do in my absence?' ?' ? Don't trouble your head about that,' [ answered. 'Sbe'll get along just as usual, I'm sure.' '? But you — you won't surely taks any advantage of my absence, Tom ? If I bad your promise on (hat I'd feel quite re lieved.' '? ' Well, that's rather hard, Dick,' I re turned. ' I don't see why my arrange ments sbould be aflected by your maiden aunt's proceedings. The old lady is uot gmng tn make me ber beir.' '? ' But don't you s-e, Tom, tbat my ab sence would be giving you Bn unfair ad vantage? Yon're too honourable a fel low, I know, to avail yourself of It.' '?Look here, Dick,' I said at length, after be had gone on in tbis strain for awhile, 'I'll go this far to oblige you: I'll not come out here again for a fort night. Ifynu'rehack hy tbat time, well and gnnd. If ynu're uot, the bargain ib a( an end.' ' ? D - you give me your word ou tbat, Tom ?' be asked, bnghteniug up. ' ? I do,' I returned; -you may haunt me wben you die, if I break It. Now be off.' ?- We ebook bands aDd parted, Bnd wben I saw our belnved Hopbie I in formed her of tbe arrangement agreed upon. She Baid ebe didn't mind, as ebe was g1 ing on a vifit to a friend in Wick low for a week. But I thought she was secretly vexed all tbe same. 'I was discussiug nreakfastone morn ing about a week afterwards, glancing over the newpaper now and then as I feastert, wben suddenly my eyes caugbt the heading— 'Fatal Accident toa Dublin Gentleman.1' ' I immediately looked at the item, and, tn my horror, found tbat it related to my unhappy friend Dick. He had jumped out of a railway carriage while the train was in motion, gnt jammed between ft and the 1 1 at lor in, ani was killed. *? Tne n-wa u|-*et me a good deal, al though I cold not bel|- feeling that it cleared the eround for in. iu one im portant direction. Bull, I was very much attaibed 10 poor Dick, aod I conldD't hriDg niyaelf to visit Bophie for a couple of days after I heard tbe sad tidings, in order 10 break tbem to h r, 'The year was getting fast into Ibe -ere and yellow leaf ; brown October had brought it! abort and i s (~oiuetimee) invely moonlit nights ; and it was on one nf tbe*e — a glorious one it was— that I started oS, with an equally-balanced ad mixture of grief and hopeful elation at my heart, lor the bower of my gopbie— my owu Sophie, as I fnndiy hoped soon to call ber now— to unfold my gruesome tale. ' I bBd got about half-way towards my destination, wben it occurred to me that I ongbt to strike a matcb and bave a quiet puff of ibe soolblng weed, as not n ing could be more in keeping with tbe peace ful quiet of the scene. No sooner tbougbt of tban done ; and I was in tbe act of re mounting, witb pipe aglow, wben my eye caught sight of another rider comiDg in tbe same direction, but at a consider able distance bebind. ' This circumstance caue*d me no emotion in particular, and I forgot all annul it as I sped od afresh. I slackened my pace to spiD out tbe distance until I bad fiDiebed my pipe, end was drawing on easily towards Btepaside, wben some instinct or otber made me glance back wards down tbe road again, '? Tbe otber traveller bad gained upon me with amazing celerity. He was now not more than forty or lifty yards bebind. ' What a wonderful resemblance be hnre at that distance to my dead friend, Dick! His garments looked white In tlie ghostly moonlight. Dick, when riding all laat summer, bad worn a suit of white flannel, as the stranger's seemed to be. And it appeared tome, as I paused, thunder stricken and trembliug. for a moment in mv ride, tbat bis form was exactly Ibat of my dead friend ! ' I was never superstitious, yet now for an Instant a feeling o( awe came over me ; but as I wobbled to the ground off my machine, under its influence, I began to eurse myself vigorously for a womanish fool, and, lumping up with tbe celerity nf fully recovered spirits, I set my steel stsed off wltb a lively start, and began to race away from the awesome stranger. ' r went at a spanking pace for some time, hut I could not help turning my head backwards again soon, ta note how far I had left bim behind, ' Horror of horrors ! be wae gaining no me still ! ' He was only a few yards behind. I oould not distinguish bis face; but the figure, and tbe way in which It u*i tbe machine, were tbe same as Dick's. ' Again I spurted madly. Groat beads of cold sweat burnt out upuu my tetpplen, and an Icy feeling crept through my frame, even tn the marrow of fay bones, despite tbe beat Into which tba eyerulse bad thrown me, My terror lent me strength, I must get away from tbis horrible pbMtW, even though my heart ,houldsDapln the effort, f tore along tbe road like a maniac, ' I was just turning the unmet of t|ie rustic lane whicb led up tn Huphls'l. bower, when my machine came plump ij,- l net a foiin eiig..K-:il In doing the same fioi'u U--- Ijfpe sid. i nf ihe angle. Tbe cniistqueiioej wi-.v jJI)-aBlroti8 to botb IfS'-elli-ie. ' Maoblne RDd ooytelf tbrew n double somersault over tbe body of tbe pedes trian. When we botb regained our feet I thought I sbould turn iDto atone wben I encountered tbsOorgon-IIke eye of m.y intended father-in-law 1 ' ? Hang It, man ! ' he shouted, as eoon as be reoognlned me aud found bis voice, ?what tbe dickens are ye staring at me for, Instead nf apologizing for nearly kill ing me? Oue would think you bad seen a gbnBt I ' ' ' I have seen a ghost, sure enough, sir,' I answered with tremblinglips ; 1 tbe ghnst of my poor dead friend, Diok ; and see, there It comes !' 'The white tlgure had arrived at tbe corner of tbe lane, full In the ghastly glare of tbe dazzling moonlight. It dis mounted and advauced towards where we stood. ' I held up bnth my bands to shut out the fearsome sight. ' ' Don't come near me,' I cried, In an agony of desperal lou, ' until you tell me whether you are a man or tbe ghost of my dead frleii'i, Dick ! ' The tblng laughed ; It was a horrible human laugh. ''No ghoBt, sir,' it replied, as its coarse obuckle ceased, ' but a messenger from a man who has ghosted you long enough In valu for this little bill nfseven poundp-ten fnr clothed— Mr. Tippet, tbe tailor, nf Uraften Street. Here 'tis for ynu, sir, now ; and If ynu don't pay it by twelve n'olock to morrow I'm Instructed tn invite ynu tn an interview wltb tbe Recorder, at Qreen Street Court- house.' ' This was my romance of Ibe wheel. It shattered my day-dream and Inst me my Sophie. Old Byles turned on me with alt the scorn of an enraged money lender who never owed a man a penny, aud hade me never again i-hnw my face at the cottage. 'The fickle Kopbio ratified this deal 'ion, and shortly afterwards married a wertliliy paWL't'Tofcet who had, a OOUple of months before, lit,: bis third spouse under the sod in Ulasnevin ; and I am lett here alone with my faithfn; bicycle !' 