\- i ? Ht* ? -I. I «TI ABORIGINAL FOLK-LOBE. To THB JÉbrroB. Biß,-I have road with mach interest Sir John Forrest's address to the Natural History Society, and also ¿par leader, entitled "Aboriginal Folk-low,'' in the Wasrsair MAil of October 8th. It is only natural that people of European descent, on first coming into contact with our aborigines, should feel that there was a golf fixed between thora« selves and these filthy, vile-smeliieg, savage ; but living among them soon takes the edge off one's ¿conceit. We do net always bear in mind how ahart a time it »since we onrseives "made brioks in Egypt." Dr. Jameson tolls bow that 300 years ago our ancestors believed as car aborigines new do-that sickness was oaased by an evil spirit possessing the invalid. Shakespeare makes the Dake of Exeter say that the French, "By magic verses hath oontrjiv'd bia (Henry the Fifth) end"-an opinion whioh is still an artiole of faith with our black brethren. My mother relates that in the Irish village where her childhood was passed, no villager would ven« ture out at night-after 10 o'olook, because of the ghosts,who wereintbehabitof issuing!rom the churchyard, and promenading from^aboat that hour till dawn; and gsuesome stories were told of the tragia fate of certain fool- hardy youths who essayed to participate in the evening's diversions. An exactly similar belief with its pendent story, is found among Australian aborigines. Tbey also think that unoonBoiousness is death, and it is quite usual to be told that suoh a one has been dead ; an idea which must hare been preva- lent in olden times. Every one has read the great historian Gibbons' aooonnt of the Greek nobleman, who was willing to become a Christian if his friend, a Christian bishop, could prodaoe a single person who had been raised from the dead, at a time when suoh an event was an ordinary religious oeremony. But nothing pleased me better than the, remark in your leader oa Aboriginal- Folk- lore, concerning the parallel between the stones of Cerberus and Wannamana, because one cannot observe! these, singular people without being convinced that they have preserved, under unfavourable circum- stances, that mode of life which reached its culminating point with the anoient Greeks. And particularly,, is this manifest in all, that relates to their music and weapons, whioh includes whatever among them is connected, however distantly, with art. It is doubtful whether all aborigines have as accurate an idea of the points of the com- pass as the Miago of Captain StokeB. ,A Nor'-West blackfellow, sent by sea to Fre- mantle, told how on landing he found it ahnest impossible to walk, as the ground rose and fell as the sea had done. Stagger- ing thus be himseft said to the other ^elf inside of him, 1 yon. must, bsj&aqk;,* ^V* hel* him to walk UBybebtir, Atör»#nlS he began to lock about him, and lo I there was the sun setting in the East I He felt sick with fear. It was Ginkin. Ginkin, he explained, was the name the Perth blacks oalled ' him ' bnt in bis country ' he ' was called Mort. Mort, be continued, was often visible in the form of a white owl. The white owl was not Mort ; he had often killed and eaten them ; but no blackfellow wonld kill aa owl in whom Mort resided. Here ia another link to bind them te the Greeks, In the Old Testament mention is made of a bird, which the translators oalled Fthe ostrioh, who neglected her young, and. left her eggs in the sand to be hatched byt4ho sun. The ostrich, in conséquence, gob a bad name for a time, but has long been knowa as a vigilant parent. The oharge is trne, however, against the australian pheasant or gnow. Was Australia known to the Phceaioians P ft? te the Chinese, why not to them i During a residence of many years among aborigines! have made only.a very «mall collection of stories and a short list of words, yet I oannot reproach myself with indiffer once to the subject. The strongest impulsa of our common human nature is to give to those who bave, and to withhold from these who have not. Most of the outlying settler« come from ooloniea where the black brethren are pnly to be seen at mission stations, snrrounded with oomforts wbioh a pioneer reoalU with envy, or aa a rare specimen on the platform at a missionary meeting. Therefore, as they know nothing they can extract nothing from their sable neighbours, who are wide awake to the advantage of being able to speak in a language nnjkaown po these .who bave become their masters. 1£ the WoBt Aus- tralians, thoroughly acquainted as tbey ana with tho language, oustoma, and legend« of the aborigines, would commit that inform, ation to paper -(not in aa expensive book WMoh plaoBB it out of the reach of those who would "derive the most benefit from its per- usal) and snpply those living among the. black« with it, a flood of light would be thrown on a «abject surrounded with much darkness and^any- jdifiîpnitiesrrJf' such a ?There are many persons in our district with . ia good knowledge'ôf the aboriginal language who would «riliiaglyvveite^rhat they know, if any aeefel parpóse -wera served by ao lééing. - i drerntfc na te give ah Instance of the Tains .of, previous knowledge. While reading tbe wnrestiag legend Wannamana. T "remeta, 'bared that the word, or hame, occurred ta a fcong wbioh the Inlanl natives sing." At that, hibaient a black girl appeared. She waa ask. -ed, Who is Wannamana V Should not know J -¡never boara o! nun, her, or it." How tbari »bWt the nong, *Doo«y Marra piudett, Wan- ' ñamaría tSaidi? She smiled, ehöok har' head, looked blankly, and said "ehe did not know. A' «bott paraphrase of the ?etbry was repeated to her. Then, per. 1 wiving that til» crow« eyes wera plucked out, Ï -«up «puled very sweetly, and proceeded to disperse with all the Charm and ease of man., ' per obaraoteristie of her race. With a short apology for not understanding what was j m«snt sooner, aba gave her version, which naturally differed somewhat, 'here at tho quiet limit« of the world/ from that told on the banks of the Swan. It baa acquired a local eharaoter and beoome deasieated in our climate. Wannamana is a wild dog, who lives in a country oalled Coorboolya, (abundance of poison), which lies to the west never to the east. He is rarely a l'intérieur, (which, con- sidering the name of the country is not to be wondered at), but spend« his time ranging «altward and westward inland and on the ' coast, Becking whom he may devour. He attacks black-fellows and dogs, kangaroo, everything, tearing open the chest, and eating th« liver, merelyjoausing death. My friend : continued pointing to my arm-that the body , was nothing, no more than the clothes-that tbera was something inside whtoh talked and .laughed, aad walked about. This something W-is the liver (and heart P) Tea, and heart (oost) too. Wannamana (stuff i« the hand), tearing open tbe chest and abstracting the liver, caused toe| per- son, or animal to die ; the boiy fell to the ground like a bee rick (skin-mantle) and soon became earth, even if not buried. The song related the experience of a meening (in- land native) dying from want of water, while Wannamana was tearing bim to pieces to get \- 1rs livor. -Shi had never beard that the dead lived again in Coorboolya, but was -glad to hear that they did. My friend bad brought her "jewels" with her, and .the toddlers, " Gladstone" and "Parnell," seised the favourable moment to explore the interior of my establishment, smearing the window pane with, their dirty little bandi, and throttling Romulus and*Remus, twin kUtsns, to the great distress of their small parent. Little "Dillon," on his mother's back, find- ing himself over-looked, roared so loudly that he had to be drawn forth off the coode, and oomforted with a gift of sugar, ao further discussion of the «abject was impossible. But I have the key now; and when my friend's spouse returns from a trip t? the eastward, I «hall hear the whole «tory with, no doubt, with some original embellishments The mental oapaoity of the aborigines íb quite np to the average standard of civilized raoee ; they seem to have thongbt out every subjeet, and to hare arrived at the Bame conclusion - on euch questions as nan be resolved-as the rest of mankind j and on those that are unanswerable they have oalled.Jtp thekaldtbeaajneeuparstitions [that, human,, nature^hap^ver. leant ¿npon. Noihlnf la apre,snrpr|ajp«; theo thatch »0 M&^W** Jinayohava ^aepQmpttehoâj.so I butta io iba abienoe aï caltivatable plant« and domestic animale, and, above all, to the terrible yoke of oommnuiem, which extends, as it must, if thoroughly carrie«! out, to thing, mental as well as physical, so that if any among them shewed more than ordinary cleverness they were killed, lest they should dominate the others. It has crushed every- thing out of them but music, and-murder. _ Those who observe them with any atten- tion can arrive at but one conclusion-Meelar Moorilang s Haman nature the same, yester- day, to-day, and for ever ! Yours, etc., PIONEER. Israelite Bay, Nov. 9tb. 