V COLLAPSES!) A lit CA8TLK. , be 'JL 1 13 a questionable comfort to bachclor. I had never felt . more -onvinced of that fact than I did on one particular day in December. The sunwhich I find often affects our moods seriously by the way he looks down upon us -—was in a coquettish, mood,: and coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smil6. The ladies were out in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that seldom fails —not figuratively speaking, permit me.to remark, for I am no judge of other men's matrimonial calendar, aud charitably believe the verdict of fiction, " where the sky that had been obscured with clouds was hung with a hundred rainbows, and life was one perpetual summer of bliss after 'the bright particular 'she' appeared on the' hrrizon of his life." Literally, I remarked, however, that the unusual number of the female persuasiou; in the streets of our famous town portended a * tor m, aud so my prophecy proved true ; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, just as I imagine society belles must appear after a brilliant ball, where they. have squandered three days' supplies of emiles and biandishmeuts on one evening. Perhaps the atmosphere warmed up enough people to warrant the outlay, but sulky thoughts waited iu the shadows afterwards, just the same. Questionable, I remarked, is tL} comfort of a bachelor. It is very flattering to be pointed out as some special genus of a race, in-an exclusive way, fhining with. a» unborrowed lustre, as, "That tall gentleman -we-just passed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor." I felt anew accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful: as if I had been quoted as a " bachelor of arts," or as a professor of science. No second fiddle dubbing, as Mis. Jonas Brown's husband, but simply a respectable siugle identity. No wonder I could assume a patronising and complaceut- look as I passed on. Another group came down the avenue. One of the yo.ung ladies I recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. The air was clear, and after I had bowed and -walked slowly on, these words saluted my ear,— V O.May! You should set your cap for Mr, Scribbler!" „•'... " May and December ! That, would be like the.story I read lately," was the reply -iu silvery tones, that sounded very pleasaut, and sent a flatterthrough even my old veins as 1 listened, hoping to hear morepleasantries at my expense of ;is encouraging-a character, • especially as I had noted that the face arid sunny manner of the.person addressed was like one I coujld wish fco possess.as a— daughter. . , , /.. • But the next words shut down like night, cbilling.uiy very bones. ... " You know lie might not- live long, and. theu you would .be a rich,-jolly .widow, with plenty <ef- admirers, and—" . • AltsiivereJ 1 thought-my ploddjpg.neigh bour across tbe street, who was only MrSi' Blank's husband, could be hardly the;victim of such a dark conspiracy. .- , . ^ In ibis mood of sudden humility,, X evicountered an old friend,, heavily'laden. with i«arceis, who was not only sqmebddy's, husband, .but an old-time-rival,,, - : My greetiug partook of the iiature of congratulation,' and was cordially; ^djies-vtiiy t returned. .IJppu receiving an iuvit^bion to, call at my bachelor tpiarters, be ajpured we. —making a suddendrveitoward adrygopds store—fth^t if be got his errands done, in* time he would come. . . " ;*,-".,- .. Errands? Bless my soul.! ..Where is the. burdened benedict,going to s>oW away thg rest of his "errands"—and what made him' look as jf haunted by some irate fury as, he a paper of pins, perhaps, . or , a yar4 ,o,f ribbon, or some other, .feuiuwie pofjtfcssipns that old bachelors are not' r kupp6sed , to. realise.tlieueed of? . i . , . - . ..." Oh .my homeward . journey, thinking aud, moralising on the two opppsifeeV^ siatgs .of masculine existence, I found illustratipns, very few paces, in . the . jingling of sleigh bells, that announced, spme passing young, couples looking comfortable and—jolly, }I should have once said, but. that term had been turned injto a grim, joke so recently that it seut a .shiver through me—elderly ouples tucked up siiugly,'and tallcing comfortably, or jogging on in melancholy,silence. ; So contradictory are all general applications: to social .states'that I.gfiye.it hp : as. top far beyond me to solve the problem " Tp bp or. " : uot.to be," . . .. . • The whistle of the eatly evening-train blew, and I concluded, my.friend had been so long delayed with matching'that particular ' shade, of ribbon, or findiug that identical pattern of slippers, that : he bad iio time-to drop in to commiserate an old bachelor iii his lonely lot. He was a sort of rival years ago, and no one could condemn ihe for feeling,a slightresentment on being " cut out," to use'a common phrase. But time heals many a smart, and one turns back, when ope is old, uncommonly kindly to the friends of youth. ^ As I said, the night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewhat dismally on a state that I felt iu duty bound .to i . defend in pubbc. I, moreover—thinking the lowering night would exempt, me from intrusion — wasengaged iuthe very womanish task of darning my own hose. Myjnethodicai mother had insisted on my learning, that accomplishment, lest I should need .to know.how : I wish she hadn't. • Of course 1 didn't mind doing this when I was 10 years younger, but now my fingers.had. grown clumsy, and the needle would go into tbe ' wrong place—as often into my fingers as into the edge of the chasm I was trying tp bridge over with yarn. . It is astonishing how. a person who hats kept a' strict guard over his. tongue will suddenly remember all the "swear words" he ever knew upon such a provocation.. I had just come to the last, fissureiu those, hosen when I saw my friend's figurepass the window. I heard his step at the door, and hastily thrusting the darningTiieedle into the nearly spent ball, threw them, into a cushioned wooden rocker, and -carelessly spread a clean red handkerchief over alii .as I felt rather ashamed, to be found inending stockings by this man of all others, who had: a. wife to keep him neat. This thought put me on the defensive at once, for I said to myself: " * Yjs are spies ! To see the nakedness of the land,are ye come.' Without compromising, truth, I shall externally . ..prpve the tranquil. joy 1 of the celibate.". - My friend Joshua lopked tired and ill at. ease, and after looking in to the dark corners somewhat apprehensively, drew; up a splintbottomed chair to tbe fireplace, and soon grew sociable under the cheering influence of the ruddy blaze, before which, the audirons posed, like sentinels, black and grim, evidently staring at the intruder^. After we had talked a while on many topics his face grew long and solemn, and drawing his hand slowly over his half-gray whiskers, he remarked sagely : " This must be a mitr'nty hard life for'you to lead, Rube, here all alone; I pity you from the bottom of my heart, I do ! Don't you get lonely ? J ' " Occasionally," I replied. " When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut wood on the fire, and the sputtering and snapping that breaks the silence seems to fill the room with the ghosts of a quiltingbee or a sewing society." Joshua turned up his eyes rather suspiciously, looking for some siifns of irony in my face, and continued patronising!;.-: — " Now if you had a wife, Hubc, she would have polished these andirons so you could see your face in ; em." "I have a, good looking-glas*," I said, " and beside, I never flattered myself on being worth looking at." "There's a woman over in our neighbourhood that would make you a capita! wi/e." he re:ii.-'i !•'•-.i. "She i.~.gouu 'loukir!^, >>• -art as a. site! tiap, aud els v. r beside. i. : <w . ' > ! interested in you, really, and would like to see you comfortably settled in yoni declining years. Suppose you come over tf our place, some time, and get acquainted "lam not sure I need a wife," I said reluctantly, not being willing to confess that his last words had fallen like oil on troubled seas. " I am well enough as I am." • My apparent reluctance to accept his services as match-maker aroused in him tbe slumbering fire of oratory; long subdued— rumour had whispered—by the sharp and bverwhelming logic of his better half, Belinda. ! " Think what it would be," said he, " to have some one to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in the village choir when I was young), to soothe your cares with loving words and gentle smiles ; to bestow titles of tenderest endearment upon you ; to be a ministering angel in sickness ; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken Sublimest harmony in your soul; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your washing and mending beside ; to look after the fowls, and " But whatever else joshua might have said was lost to me then.- He bad, as it were, taken me by slow stages to the meetinghouse steeple, and then dropped rae from thence, in a twinkling, into a wash-tub and a poultry-yard and. kettles and frying pans. Of course" the shock and the fall, was too much for one of my sensitive temperament, and it took time to recover from my dazed condition. That was the way his eloquence always Glided at the debating society when he was young. He would soar, and 6oar, and soar, till he reached the "top of father's woodpde,''. : I saw he was making one more frantic effort, encourased by my weak silence, to conyert me to his maf.iimonial creed.,I knew it would be perilous to his purpose to iuter-, rupt the current of his ideas, and still l.stened in silence, wondering 1 , a little sceptically, why he looked so careworn and ill at ease, in such a felicitous state of exist- 6gc&. . "And—and- whenever you have roamed afar from..the bosom of your family, and -are weary and worn with , fatigue, to be welcomed home again with caressing wprds and a loving embrace. He mopped the perspiration from his brow, aind dropped from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair, towards which he had been gyrating in his excitement. He dropped jiito the" chair with the air, of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of bis' eloquence, and leaned heavily back, whileIremarked that " I was glad to hear-that he . and ;,Pelinda lived so harmoniously and liappily together." Whatever else I would have j=aid was cut short by bis suddenly strange conduct as be sprang lip from the chair and executed a dance that was something between a Waltz and a breakdown, and not exactly either. " Why these antics, my friend ?" I asked innocently, refiairiing from gazing except oh his face,, which was contorted and twisted with a succession of grimaces marvellous to behold; " It is indeed a fitting illustration - of yo,ur, felicity when you are impelled to leap for joy." .,> *'Hang it all," he said, ''Can't you see what a fix I am in ?" And he reached his hpuid around to his spine and gave another terrific sbiriek. ' " Excuse my abstraction," I said, slowly rising to investigate'the cause of his fri^tit. u t I was thinking of Belinda ''s-• ' :J- I s The. cause immediately: transpired^; for, fastened to the small of his back,: 'were ,ii)l: the contents.;ot that chair, except-, the cushion..'''" , .-•.'.-iV-ir'---v v " Confound Belinda!" he exclaimed, f.tujig t<) "madness by, jealousy and the dariiiiigrieedle. . " I can stand' her sharp tongue from morning' till night—I've - got'sea^Ohed tp it^-but ni? J be Uarned if " I ca» stand ;spikfes piercing my spinal mArrow." " iBKibacatg^-ymiT f^glS^BacfM now,-, ..^' our little pun respecting;my darining-needle here made me think iy^u^Vere mijLdly, swearing," I remarked; ^Steady ilow !" And wif-lv. a vigorpuS i .effoi't the darning' needle, handkeiciiief, ball,. and stacking Were, at once'removed, and.1 .confe^ed to myself with an inwai-d : . chuckle that it was certainly not a very beautifying .addition to a frock coat. . Joshua ; was speechless when I stood !>efore; hiin, with -the crab-like attachment^ h'e had unwittingly affected —entirely done for. He had! in an ^unlucky .moment, cdnt.r^dipted his own logic, and. looked, hjumbly at the. sLockings, seizing on them as, a'sjuWect for his next-remark. . ,', ^ , " f?id yoii do that, Reuben ?" he asked. " I .hever-see one darneti 'so \^ell. After all, you are able to * paddle your pWi) canoe'-yet: Ouess I must be going." • I Don't;hasten, Joshua—you Were felling, me what Belinda would,say when you return; • I lam getting deaf; I don't always catch everything." ,. " No I wasn't, neither ! And you. needn't be calling, my wife by her first name to. m.y face—but I cap tell you near enough, if you want to knyw; She will say that I was a blustering old'idiot to miss that train and get belated'home/ and I guijs^ I "wafcj too." " "I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," I apologised. - "I r iuii; somewhat blundering myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much £0 if I had as many errands entrusted to my ppor memory as you had to-day;" He looked, as if it was no affair of mine.. but seemed, to take kindly to my sympathy, and.corrected one of my errors by presenting a much rumpled docuiiient from his vest pbeket. "There's the items'; it don't do fcotrust to my memory, neither." • I glanced hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters that" I "was unable - to translate correctly, and Joshua suddenly exclaimed : " By the great Csesar ! If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins? " ;He seemed in great, haste to leave, but I detained bim to remind him of his magnanimous offer, : " When shall "I have the pleasure of meeting that amiable person at your house? Miss Charity Smith, I think you called ber." He looked more confused than ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly : " Well, now—come to think of it, I ain't sure she'd suit you, after all; and—come to think of it—seems to me I heard that she thought of. making a lengthy visit to her nephew' out in Oregon. Perhaps you had better wait awhile. I think I'll take it up with Miss Charity first. Good night, Reuben. I'm glad to leave yoii so comfortable." He vanished, and I have not seen him since, and the air castle is likely to share the same fate as many another. But here, what is this my eye first lights upon as I- open the paper this hot midsummer day ? " A mysterious disappearance! Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has been missing for several days. The depot agent is quite sure he bought a ticket for some Western city, but his family suspect ?uicide, as he has been melancholy of late." Poor Joshua! I can imagine that he would be subject to hypo occasionally. Belinda can't be what she used to be, according to the hints, he let drop reflecting on her amiability. I hardly think it would be best to attempt ibo condole with her,* if worst has come to worst—and if Belinda Brown is really a widow—poor fellow ! But perhaps she might, for old acquaintance sake, forget her grief sufficiently to present me to Miss Smith. " Charity "— that name, however, has had a very pleasing sound to my ears. But here's another Chestnut-bill item, that gives the finishing stroke to that air castle— " Miss Charity Smith started for Oregon last week." The thermometer was ninety in the shade when I came in with the paper. I must go out and look at it again ; it must have fallen twenty degrees certain. What if—Joshua had gone out to Oregon himself? In all England there are only seven school , boards which do not- provide for religious inAu ucbion by the teacher. 