POLITICAL ECHOES. I BY LOTTNfiER. I Thougn it is an anectation with some people to sneer at the Legislative Council and contemptuously omit 'the handle' to members' names, there is a growing ieeung mat tne upper nouse is increas ing in power and influence, because the representation of divergent interests is being perfected there. It is less of a class body and more of a People's Chamber than perhaps most other kindred Houses, and the greater the permeation of demo cracy into the Council the stronger becomes its vigour. Recent events tend to show that the Assembly is not unwilling to surrender its monopoly of no-confidence motions, and permit the Hon. Mr. Ward to undertake what Sir John Downer hesitates to attempt. Mr. Ward would disdain to look at a trifle like the forma tion of a strong Ministry which is sup posed to baulk Sir John Downer. Such enterprise and courage in the Council being entitled to a measure of prominence, I invited a gentleman, whose delight it ia to chronicle the doings of 'our little lords,' to tell the public what impression they made upon him, and he has furnished some very interesting notes : — ' What with the fresh blood intro duced into it the Council is now becoming a real factor in local politics, and has got so far as to engage in what a constitutional authority declared was tantamount to a no-confidence motion. It was easy to imagine that the Hon. E. Ward was the leader of the Opposition the other day as he majestically marched to his place and began to arrange some ominous-looking blue papers. 'How's the barometer V was the query. ' Steady, but there are indications of rough weather,' was the response as Mr. Ward ran his fingers through his hair, a sure sign of an approaching storm, the fury of which will bo in exact ratio to the angle at which his hair stands from his head. Mr. Ward was considerate at the outset. 'I will not let my impetuosity run away with me,' he said, and his fellow members breathed more freely. Like the old war-horse that delights to 'roll his red eye and rally for the fight,' Mr. Ward does not seem comfortable unless engaged in a scrimmage, and if the casus belli involves the 'privilege' or 'dignity' of the Council so much the better— he is as happy as Michael O'Shanagan at a fair. That was a necessary assurance from Mr. Ward, and it must be admitted he kept fairly to it. Mr. Ward is the proud pos sessor of an up-country estate bearing the name 'Grampus,' which being in terpreted is 'a blow whale,' noted for its great 'spouting' propensities. Of conrsethis is a mere coincidence, but then 'coincidences' are sometimes awkward things. When at his country seat and not basking in the sun, which shines brighter at 'Grampus' than anywhere else, or resting in the shade of his own vine or fig trees, which throw a superior shade at 'Grampus,' it can easily be imagined that Mr. Ward amuses himself by shooting at tomtits with a cannon and at kangaroos with a shanghai. In the recent debates Mr. Ward rose superior to the Mr. Ward as generally seen in heated discussions. He was calm, almost logical, fairly precise, and gave no exhibitions of those dramatic powers which would have made him a model major-general in the Salvation Army. Not a single line of poetry did he quote, not even a couplet from his dear old friend, Charles Mackay, and no side issue was raised in order to work in the martial lines — ' Till the war-drum throbbed no longer and the battle flags were furled,' &c;, &c.; Not cvun the interjections of Mr. Cotton, given in a highly pitched key, which generally prove as irritating to Mr. Ward as a March fly does to an elephant, could turn the speaker from the even tenor of his way. On a subsequent occa sion, when the Minister of Education was addressing the Council in general, but Mr. Ward in particular, Mr. Ward inter jected 'You are tilting at a windmill.' Now in these days of irrigation a windmill is the most useful of implements, but Mr. Gordon, who was in no mood for flattery, declined to admit that Mr. Ward was to the Council what a windmill is to an irri gated farm, although after a moment's reflection and a further interjection from Mr. Baker the Minister allowed, with a significant accent on the first word, that both gentlemen were ' wimhnills. ' Possibly when the Commonwealth Bill comes on for further discussion Mr. Ward will again be in the thick of tho debate, for what a red rag is to a bull the word ' Com monwealth' is to the hon. gentleman, whose hatred of Cromwell is only ex ceeded by his loyalty to the memory of King Charles. 'That wretched thing of straw' is how lie describes tho Common wealth Bill.' But the most conspicuous figure in the Council just now is the Hon. J. H. Gordon, Minister of Education, who has gained a reputation for brilliancy. A reputation is not always the most pleasant of companions. It is so easy to fall out with it, by - the ? way, and the reputation of to-day with the lustre of an electric light may be as dull and flickering as a tallow dip to-morrow. But the leader of the Council is shining ever bo much more brightly in Ministerial harness than he did last year out of it, and the rattling speeches with which he has favoured the Council of late has added to his reputed ability, howbeit one, through the fault of his colleagues, was marred by a good deal of special pleading and the raising of side issues. Indeed, driven by a volley of interjections and incredulous 'Oh, oh's,' Mr. Gordon allowed his Scotch blood to nse, and he hit out rather wildly, indulg ing in personalities towards Mr. Biker which 'had nothing to do with the case.' Mr. Gordon's reply to Mr. Ward had been carefully thought out, but the speaker was not so happy or half so brilliant ns when taken on the hop last rc-eek, and had to reply to an important point which had been sprung as a surprise an him. This was the best impromptu sflbrt heard in the Council for a long time, and had the effect of making one or two converts, who have hinted at their being found on the side of the Govern ment when the division takes place on Mr. Ward's vote of censure. The Minister's happy smile and pleasant mannerismB often have the effect of turn ing aside the wrath of his opponents, ind there is, moreover, a meek and in nocent expression which Mr. Gordon ilways has handy that would make a heathen Chinee envious. 'The tender lamb that has never nipped the grass is not more innocent' than the leader of the Council when it suits him. 'Mr. Grainger said so,' pleaded Mr. Gordon the ather day with childlike simplicity in support of an interjection he had made, rhe ' Oh, oh's' of members brought an expression on the face of the Minister, svhich plainly said, ' What, is it not proof enough that Mr. Grainger said so 1' A member opposite, who calls the Minister 'Johnny,' looked across the Chamber, as much as to say, 'Johnny, pou are too green, you ought to be hung up to dry.' The Minister of Education Bvidently fully believes with Shakspeare that The silence often of pure innocence Persuades when speaking fails, for he oftentimes sits quietly, and is apparently indifferent to the shouting ind the Btorming going on against the Goyernmert or some portion of their policy. There is no match for Mr. Sordon in the Council in repartee, and tho tray in which be knocked over the 'men of straw' raised by the interjectors last lueeday was delicious. Indeed, he has been congratulated alike by friends and opponents. There should be a clause in the next 'Hansard' contract stipulating that the reporters must report not what an hon. number has said, but what he meant to say. This would save confusion and pos sibly misunderstandings in the cases of those speakers whose diffidence prevents their airing their sentiments off in an audible voice. In both Houses there are members whose orations would not disturb a quakera' meeting. Like the little animal that carries its homo on its back and retires within itself from the gaze of the world, the voices of those hon. gentle men, instead of ringing out like clarions, take an internal direction, whence there is no returning. So conspicuous is this modesty that it is rumoured the contrac tors of the next ' Hansard' are going to stipulate that each reporter must be supplied with an ear-trumpet, so that the country and its literature may not suffer the loss of precious sentences By the steady and precise ' military stride' with which tho Hon. S. Tomkinson entered the Legislative Council on Tuesday it was apparent something was wrong. It soon proved to be a matter of im portance, for a messenger was seen hurrying to and fro with papers, and presently the hon. gentleman camo to attention and rose with much dignity. 'It's another no-confidence motion,' was the whisper ; but no, it was a personal ex planation that he had made an error. No, never ! The Pope might err, but not Mr. Tomkinson. He administered to the re porters % well-sugared pill, which after all did not taste so bad asitlcoked. Like the clown in the circus it was a hearty grip with the right hand and a box in the ear with the left. ' Mr. Boodles is such a dear nice old gentleman we all love him so much. He looks like a lion, but he's as harmless as a dove,' might be applied to Mr. Tomkinson, who really is not much more dread ul in his fury as a kitten in its play. His explanation was that he did not use the word 'disgrace' in a certain sense when referring to Dr. Cockburn. The shorthand writer who looked up his notes found them very distinct, and there was the word and the sentence as reproduced in print. 'He might have turned his back on the President and the reporters to address Mr. Cotton.' There the feline quadruped was out, and ye gods, Mr, Torokinsou had made an apology ! Not content with having an ill-conditioned gallery wherein the reporters are alter nately suffocated and subjected to draughts which would give a steam engine whooping cough, members fre quently turn their backs on the reporters just as they are about to give utterance to their most valued phrases. Mr. Tom kinson is one of the greatest sinners in this respect. In the discussions which have taken place as to the necessity of providing better accommodation for the 'Lords' not a syllable was mentioned about the reporting gallery, though it is notorious that the Press Gallery of the Legislative Council would do little credit to a third-rate taproom. Though quasi oflicers of Parliament, the 'Hansard' reporters, are not even provided with a room wherein to write up their turns, and must perforce transcribe their notes hour after hour amidst a babel of voices. In the 'good old days,' when the reporters used to while away tho tiffe by playing marbles while speakers orated, this did not matter so very much, bui: now members must be reported fully, or it is look out for squalls or 'personal explanations.' Turning to the Assembly, I have often wondered what listeners above tho clock in the gallery think of the debates. It is said the ghosts of Coroner's jurymen haunt those seats and yawn unmercifully over the dry-as-dust discussions. Perhaps they do, but if they could be made to speak their experiences would bo infi nitely more interesting than what we hear frcm hon. members. 1 have had supplied from members of tho public a measure of their sentiments on tho proceedings of members. It is perhaps good for legisla tors seeking a glorious resurrection after tho approaching dissolution that the electors do not attend often or in great, numbers to hear them, for there is such a state as oblivion. My first contributor writes about MR. GRAINGER'S SMILE. It is seldom that Mr. Grainger when speaking smiles. No, there is almost the ap pearance of earnestness in that rigidity of feature. Determination is exemplified in the way in which he holds his chin, truth con vincing truth in the eloquent flourish of the index finger or unanswerable argument as he places it in his left hand, but seldom a smile. On the purchase of tho Grange Railway tho House had a treat. Mr. Grainger smiled a seraphic sort of smile as near an approach to a broad grin as could be expected for £200 a year and trimmings. What caused that smile, that contagious smilo, which permeated the wholo Houee ? Only tho recollection of having made in one day £300 out of sales of Grange Railway shares. Mr. Grainger eeemod to translate himself back to the past smilingly. Shrugging his shoulders he dived with both hands into his trousers pockets. Then with a little start, perhaps at not finding those sovereigns, the smile vanished. A frown came in its place as he thought of tho loss to tho country caused by Mr. Brooker's conduct in haying been the means of getting an early train for the convenience of live blockers and a possibility of a special being required on tho Grange line for the convenience of some ad vanced school girls. A second contributor, who recognises that a member of Parliament has a right to break a promise if the people do not invent machinery to compel observance, had his biliary organs stimulated by Mr. Caldwell's free-breakfast speech. Ho wants PARLIAMENTARY BORES PUT DOWN. Mr. Caldwell said the remission of tho duty on tea was tantamount to conferring a benus and encouraging countries that produced tho article with cheap labcur. Who puy3 tho duty? Is it immoral to drink tea until wo satisfy ourselves by certificate that the growers' profits are high and that the labourers are- employed under tho eight-hours system at satisfactory wages? But Mr. Caldwell assured us that 'tea is not a necesdty.' Neither is a member of Parliament a necessity, and yob wo do not nlwlish his salary. A politician is a social beverage like tea, wholesome in modera tion, pot otherwise. When Mr. Caldwell records his voto in favour of a stock tax ho will Dot- forget that roast beef is a luxury, of course. But Mr. Caldwell excels himself when he yiproaeliea the remission of duty on kerosine. e is determined that he shall be written down &n; osa. In his own words here is his reason. ' Within thehst twonty-fourhoursa gentleman Df experience told him that in different parts of the colony he must have superintended at least a thousand bores, and that he was im pressed with the belief that South Australia bad a considerable area of shale country.' A thousand bores put down unsuccessfully is surely evidence of the absence of oil-bearing shale, but the experience gained should be useful in pointing out to the electors the way to effectually put down certain other bores from which much ga3 of a non- illuminating Duality, but nothing else, proceeds. 