By the Loita Fountain. Three unknown, but blighted individuals met at midnight under the reflections from the old iron of Lotta's Fountain. ' This town is no place for me,' said the first. ' Although I am' the Original Matri monial Bureau, my fame is overcast. Mayer's Bureau for Private transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes has cooked my goose forever.' j ajuub. at me, wnispereu a seoona. ' l I was portly and rich; nowlam onlva ghost of myself. I was an Endowment Association, and a party named Tobin exposed my little game of Assurance.' ' Foolish onesslV'said.a third. ' You have made bad breaks, and most lie low for a while. But you,, my dear Matrimonial, will still find Country Fiai∧ City Dudes. You, my respected Endowment Association can pull np stakes and go to Seattle. But I have no 6uch resource. 1 am Completely Dished.' He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they Bhrank in dismay, ' You are tight,' they eaid, epeaking to gether. ' We cannot associate with you any longer. A Life-Saving service that does not Save Life is Bomewhat of*a blunder. Go bury yourself in a sand-hill.' Benjamin Franklin was once travelling in eold weather and saw no vaoant place at the tavern-fire where he conld warm himself. He cried out the order : 'Half a peck of oysters in the shell for my haree.' Upon this, all the fire-place crowd rushed out to see a horse eat oysters. Very soon the hustler returned and said I 'Why, sir, your horse won't eat the oysters.' ' Wont he f ' said Franklin, now comfort lortably seated by the fireside; ' well, then, bring them in 8nd cook them and I'll eat them myself.' A householder discovered that a spark from a neighboring conflagration had fallen upon his own slightly slanting roof, and had Bet fire to the shingles. AH the buckets and tubs had gone to the big fixe, and there was no one to send after them, even had there been tima for such a measure ; but the man was equal to the emergency. He rudied to a pond near by, and deliberately sat down ia the water. To run npBtairB and out upon the roof waB the work of a moment, and then he ' Bat on ' the fire in more senses than one, and BaVed the honse. It is characteristic of some good- natured men always to agree with those with whom they converse. It is with them a point of politeness never to differ, which eorfc of politeness is certainly a very amiable kind of tact. We have a capital instance of the value of this policy in the sensible speech of the man who, during one of the Belfast riots, was asked by a mob what his religion was. He did not know whether his interrogators were Catholics or Protestants, bnt he looked at their weapons, thsir bludgeons, sod their firearms, surveyed all carefully and answered; ''Gentlemen, I am of the eame opinion as that gentleman then with the big axe.' A colonel in the French army who had a great eye for neatness, but not much of as ear for music, took occasion one day to com pliment his band-master on the appearance of his men. ' Their uniforms are neat,' said the Colonel, ' and their instruments are nicely polished and kept is «rder, but there ia o&s; improvement that I must iaeist noon ' ' What is itt colonel ? ' ' You musuram you men, when they per form, to lift their fingers all at exactly the same time and at regular intervals on their instruments, so — one, two 1 one, two I' The eel lays its egge, or blings loyth ite young alive, in the eea, where no ose has a chance to observe the process. Other fishes, like the shad, leave the ocean to spawn in fresh-water streams, but this curious and slippery customer does precisely the reverse. The young eels, newly bom or hatched, leave the salt water, and make their way in armies op the riven inland. 