MORILMD HO! iOOIM'RlnllT. I Nature's Enchanting .Wonder Isle. A Weird and Entrancing Romance, BY ATE A WESTBURY. CHAPTER II.— Continued. . Lifting tlie unfortunate shred of paper ngain, Howe saw that thu portion torn away was that containing thu advertise ment offering tho reward of £500. ' It wns natural that he should seek to destroy it,' thought Ilowe. Then lie remembered Vane's singular melancholy, his long reveries, those broken dreams and sudden oxclamntions. They were all explained now. What had ho done ? Of what criino had ho been guilty? Was it' murder? The thought wns horrible to bo the bosom friend of a man who, perchance, had the stamp of Cain upon him. To live in the same tent, to eat. talk at tho same board together as if that secret hud not been 1 Tho doubt wns in itsolf more than moro pain to tho mind of the cultured young Englishman. Wliat tiion should ho do? tiivo him up — send information to Melbonrno ? 'No!' Fenton lay back in his chair, n light glaring in his eyes. ' Not mino the finger to bo poiutod at him,' he said. ' Of whntover ho be guilty, I cannot for get that t'was ho who nursed me back from the threshold of death to life. Judge not. So bo it.' Ono day when the young Englishman had grown well nnd strong, and while tho Titori Valley rang with tho sound of hammor and pick arid crndlo, Vane camo into tlio tent whore his comrade was pro paring tho mid-dav moal, with a pale face nnd a staggering gait. 'You aro ill, dear Vano,' cried his friend. ' No. Let mo rost quietly a momont,' und when ho hnd rested hn said, 'shako linndB, Howe. Fortune has smiled upon us at Inst.' Tho young digger stares nt his mate in nervous excitement without n word in roply, but there came nn idea into his mind that Vano is iu one of his moods ngain. For long nnd wonry months these two men have fought a stern light with for tune for a slice of her favors. With that feverish hop?, which gives us both dtrongth and courago to gold-seekers, they had toiled and endured privation of ao ordinary kind. Diggers each side of them, and round nnd about them had found tho precious oro almost without an offort, lint to them, work ns they might, success seamed to mock at them. Fortune had come at length, however, ns Vano had said, and, morever, had ahoworod her favors in such valuable quantity and quality on our two friends that from henceforth they need toil and ?noil ami starve no more.. Then Vano told how ho had found n prodigious nugget — found it at tho point of his pick when about to leave work for dinner— a liugo lump of shining gold, whiah taxed all his strength to remove from its bed. No one on tho field knew that such a treasure hud been unearthed until thu linnk of Auckland had it safe jn their possession. Nor was this all ; tlio claim which hnd yielded such a deposit of the precious tnutal muse perforce be a valuable ono, and so it was sold at a good figure, which added to swell tho fortunes of lucky Vano and his comrade. Within n month they had docided to leave tho diggings, aud return ngain to a civilized st ito of existence. Both wore quite satisfied with their experience on the Titori V alloy. ' What a human hive it is,' said Foil ton, glancing round nt tho seothing crowd. '* Toil, toil, toil, without respite, as if gold alone could secure happi ness.' , ' Oh; it is n fine thing to turn philoso pher when the xtunc is found,' responds Vane, laughing. ' j^fter ull money iB the groiit fetish in this age, nnd thore is a very good excuse for those who bow down and worship it. Wliat can bo dono with out inoiioy? You nnd 1, Howei, without gold were subject to much privation and Milt'oring. To-day tho case is revorsed. Ergo ! wo aro philosophers, and are lifted out of tho Slough of Despond becausu wo liavo some thousands of pounds at our bunkers.' ' Gentle, cynic,' cries tho other. Wns it your lovo of wonlth which kept you here herding with these wretches, many of whom to my mind are scarcely suporior to dumb brutos,' ' No,' nnswors Temple Vano in a sub dued tone. ' Men of my temperament mml do some kind of work for their soul's Hako ; tho harder the bettor for mo. I dread drifting back again to tho idle ex-' istence which ruloB in the fasliiohnhle world. Work, work is my salvation.' Howe-smiles. 'I'mnfrnid the fnshion uuio ivunu wuuiu nut, uo pieusuu u It heard yoti, my friend. ? It has used you very scurvily, no doubt.' ' Wrong, air 1 Try ngain,' cried Vane, good humourodly. 'The world, fnshiou *blo or otherwise, uses a man neither bet ter nor worse than ho uses himself. In deod, a great teacher has likened mankind to a looking glisB. Smile, and tlioy give back a smile ; frown, and a frown is re turned to you with interost. Tlioy loft the valloy nnd took up their abodo at Tnurnnga, thirty miles distant, purchased what tlioy required for tho nonce in tho way of clothing, tlion palled in tho aid of a solicitor to arrange their joint monetary alfairs. Taurnnga, on the Bay of Plenty, is one of the.oliicf beauty spots iu tho whole of Maoriland, and hero tho two friends ipent Bomo weeks, shooting, fishing, and boat ing. It had appeared a mutual point betwoen thum that ineiiiionsliimldn.il, bo made of parting. Hitherto, lank. of money had been the. strong link which bound Vane and Fontoii Howe together. Now they wore wealthy. Vano, at least, expected that his comrade would hns'oii his'roturu liotiio again, hut Fenton Ilowe seemed in uo hurry to depart. On n certain lovoly night lifter dinner, nnd white tho pair enjoyed tlioir cigars, Temple Vnmvbroko silence 'on tho sub ject. ' When do you intond going home, my dear Howo ?' ho said, - ! ? Dear Howo takes tho cheroot from be tween his tooth aud laughs. - i ' You want to bo rid of mo, Yami ?' ho answers, presently, with just tlio ghost ot reproach in his voico. 'I, not so ; only you have nothing now to detain you in Now Zealand.' ' Haven't I, though. Do you forget we promised Te Hunna, the friendly chief, to pig hunt with him on Thursday on thu ranges ; besides, 1 liavo roally something to do oro ! louvo this land of peaks and ?w»mpi- ray dear Tone,' ?' .'-.'I. !» S'inie M.v-ri curios I In yinir friend* i;i Y»r!;iitiire, 1 suppose,' ! Willi :t M'.'h. | ' IVi-lin-its.' responded Howo, after a pause. l'.y tho way. did I ovormontion to ynu having brought with ino n couple of letters of iuiroiluction fo ono or two famiiii s hereabouts wliou I arrived from England'.'' No. ? I am not awaro of it.' ' Well, such is the factmon ami ; only I Confess 1 felt somewhat constrained to pro'sent them while — while — ' While you wcro poor, eh suggests Vnne. ' Just so. I could not go tn ilc.thabiU to tho people . whose niracs I have men tioned.' ' You havo not mentioned any names yet,' cries Vnne, interrupting. ' True, old fellow. Let mu soo,' and Howe, fumbles iu the recesses of his pocket book, anil draws 'forth two very tattered missives. ' You have hoard of Major Woldon, of Pinefalls,' he says. ^ Temple VaTio stares, and his face be comes very gravo as ho roplies in a low tone, ' yes, I have heard tho nanio. The Major iB the owmr of Pinefalls Sta tion, I believe.' 'Kxactly. To Hunna tells me that tho homestead is not more than a day's ride from Tonga's Peak yonder, nnd that Pine falls is a lovely place, nnd well worth a visit.' Vano does not reply immediately, but sit3 pulling at his cigar and staring away seaward, for it is a moonlight night par wellaice, tho soft clear canopy overhead as clour almost as day. 'Who aro your frionds mentioned in the other letter, Howo ?' ho asks, pre sently. ' Major General Sir George Ashford, of '? Glencourt ' on the Paten River. Tho estate almost adjoins 'PmofallB,' and there is a — ' Fenton Howe breaks olf suddenly, for lnvsees nil awful pallor come quickly into tlio face of his friend. 'Vane, you aro ill ? What is it, dear friend ?' ho crie3, rising. '? lt is nothing,' mutters Vano, tossing his cigar awny.' 'I am not much of a smoker, nnd that weed is n very bud ono, thnt's all. You were saying — ' 'Look here, Vano,' says tho young Englishman, nbrup'.ly, lnying his hand on the other's arm, and which cnuses his friend to look attentively nt him. 'See horo, old fellow, wo havo suffered much together, you nnd- 1, nnd I feel I linvo some right to know, what makes you so inoodly betimes without any nppnront cause. 3ounot you trust me ? I am a gentleman, mid, . moreover, I do not re quest you to conlido in mo, out of more idle curiosity. I must rotuiud you that you savoil my life, and I am longing to pay my debt with interest.' Temple Vnne lnughs. ' My denr Howo, you nro full of orocliots to-night. Be liove mo, there's notHiiig tho matter be yond a lit of indigestion. Melancholy utually marks mo for her own, aftor din ner. I feel I an: not much of a com panion for you at any time, but I have done my best not to boro you altogether when tiles') tits ura upon me. If, as you say I havo done you a service, you can repay mo by having compassion on an unfortunate dyspeptic by altogether ignor ing his oddities.' 'I will try, Vano,' replies Howe, with nn impatient gesture 'But answer me ono question — were you ever in jlnubt : ' About whom ' Any of your friends, for instance.'' 'Make the question a personal ono, and say Fenton Howe;' . ' | 'Very well. Fttr oxainplepfsay you had a doubt respecting Fenton Howe — that he was not what ho seemed— a scoundrel for instance, or may be.some thing worse.',' 'It is not possible I couldi' fancy my friend a scoundrel.' ' But if you had a tormenting doubt that he was ?' cries tho other ih persistent tones. Tompld Vane turns his palo face to wards the speaker with a shade , of siir-. prise in his grave oyes. ' Doubt has .slain soma of tho noblest of mankind,' ho suys, softly. 'The glorious intellect of the immortal Shakespeare gathered all the forces of its potent power to create a Desdemona. Why? To; show that ilviiht iu the porsou of tho ;noble Moor, cruelly murdered her. Doubt is one of tlio most terrible weapons in llie armory of the principle of evil. It doifl not kill in fair and open conduct, but crawls like ^midnight thief to its victim. Had I a doubt respecting my friend, his actions should bo both judged1 and', jury, and lie should stand or fall on theso alone with mo.' , 'You aro right, Vane, - give ino your hand,' and fenton Howe's eyes aro moist with emotion. : ? T.int night Vane lay, awake tnrmouled with troubled thoughts* . but the young Englishman slept well, and dreamod of tho pig hunt ou the morrow. CHAPTER III. A I'lll HUNT.*', The native settlement- of Makotu, on tho Bay- of 1'lonty, Tnurnnga, consisted of about fifty wharves, tho\\- walls und tho roof being built ofathiok substance cullqd Ki Ki, which is manufactured, from the native Max, and is impervious to tho fierce nnd constant winter', rains. Theso huts lire scattered over, n lino patch of cloaring about throe- hundred ncres in extent, nnd sheltered by . tho Tonga Peak ?Mountain. . The place swarmed - with dogs of nl most evorv kiirl of mongrel:; nnd tho pack caino barking. nnd: snarling round tho heels of -?our two frieiids, Howe nnd Vuuo, no they niadti ? tlioir way through thu village ihu morning.' following the events of our last chapter.' , '1'e Huuna, the Maori '' cliiaftain,' came foit.li to moot thum, eludin his hunting toga of brown mica llax,' his head adorned with a largo toho feather.' Thu Maori was suiTouiid'.il by twenty of his wirriors, all ready armed for tho fray. Tauraii^a s.varms with wild pigs, mid a pig hunt is a favorite pastimo with - the Mnori whon lie is not at- war with his. neighbors or tho Pukuha*. ; Tho native uses neither horse nor hound -ii tills pastime ; indeed,: tlio rocky couii- I try where Mm porkers nro mostly found, i will not admit ot it, All that is required i are .sound lungs iind'.a swift pair of IiouIb. ? ' After partaking of tho chief's .'hospi tality. which was not much to thu tastes of thu young men, thiii party,, with sovernl dogs, headed for Tonga Peak, where game was to be hud in 'plenty.; Tuiunlo Vano and his csmpanion were both nrnioil with a ilotihlo-burrcllod riflo, and .most of tho Maorios oarried. fowling pieces. It proved iio cliild s' '.play .-'.toiling up tlio st Ofi side of 'tl o'liibuntiiin. where therii wuB no regular patjli. snvo thatinude bv thuMuorius' with thijir tomahawks.' G:ose on. noon thu party omorged upon i u paiclrof tmuk scrub, and ltoro the chief i called a Halt. Dividing hi's'meu'intb two divisions the- Maori despatched one part to tlie castwanl. and turniiig to Vaue and Howe |i.! poinlcd'oiit U clump of gigantic kauri pines, mid giyo ivovtV to advanep. ? As vre dvi.v^iu-nr the s'm» indir iteii the ' countiy .iiirr»unil:ng livoi'ii' iiruki-n mi l irregul-ir. Hugh kauri pine tref.s. mine riling to a lioigtk of ono huniirid nnd sixty fo'Jt.grow almost Bide by side, vyith thick coils of the New Zealand creeper — supple jnck — curled atiil entwinad nbout. their brond trunks nnd brandies, nnd descending thonco to the ground again like ropes dangling from tho spars of a stranded ship. At length they entered n 'flat space where tho undergrowth was very rank nnd luxuriant. Hero tlio cliiof halted, and directed our two frionds to accompany two of his mon to a spot lowor down. Ono of tho warriors could speak a little English. ' You know how to cntch pig ?' said he to Howe. ' No ; I have nevor taken part in a pig hunt before.' ' Ah, Pakcha soon see.' Ho dived suddenly into a thick copse of forns, and laying down upon his face, began making n succession of grunts and squeaks so imitatively true to tho noisos made by tho porcino spocios that Vano instantly brought his gun to his shoulder for a shot. Tho Maori laughed n queer noiseless laugh at the Pakeha's mistake, and again repeated the sounds. ' Pig, him aly fellow ; smell Pakolia,' said tho savage, with a grin. ' Maori moro sly than pig. Him no-like Mnori, not a little bit. Mnori fond of pig.' And he laughed again, but no souyd fol lowed. Vano nnd Howo crouched down besido their swnrthy companions for some time, when gradually they became cognisant of a low rustling sound soino distance away. The Maori censed his mimicry, and looked up with nn intelligent glance. Presently tho sounds grow nearer, ac companieii by hoarse grunts, and im mediately live or six full grown pigs, headed by a liorce-looking boar with long projecting tusks, camo bjunding forth, ahd. breaking cover at tlio sight of tho hUnters, fled swiftly out into tho more open bush land, and in a line almost with the chief anil his men. Horo ono of the dogs broko from the party, and tho frightened pigs, catching sight of him, wheeled half round, and scamporod away in another diroction. Tally-ho ! The chnso began. Pakohas, Maorios, and dogs woro in full cry. Over fallen logs, and over deep creeks and gullies wont the gamo, screaming with rngo and fright. Tho dogs, with gaping mouths, strotuhod themselves out aftor their proy ; whilo the Maoriea, in frantic dolight, leaped high in tho nir, uttoring their terrible battle cry, tlioir foaturcu distorted, and cloaring spaco with their tomahawks ut overy bound. Tally-ho ! over bcxildora, massive nnd fantastic in shape, and standing liko huge giants to bar tho pursuers courso ; over sharp jutting rocks and across doop chasms, whoro one false stop would have boon sudden douth, Maori and Pakolia running and shouting, yolling and laugh ing, their broath going and coming in short gasps, each is striving who shall be first in the exciting race. Tally-ho ! through swamps and bog went the gruntors for dear life, tlioir long snouts covored with foam, their hair bristling like quills upon tho fretful por cupine. Tho Bwiftest dog was within a few feet of the hinderinost porker whon the boar turned at bay, and with ono Bweep of his sharp tuskB inflicted a wound which totally disablod the poor bruto. Onward yet ! Tho chase iB now going at n slower rate, and tho dogs aro fast gaining on their pray. Te Ilunnu is lead ing tho van, and sooms to have plonty of 'stay ' in him yet ; Vano is next, strug gling liko a second Deerfoot for tho load ; Howo ia half a mile away iu tho rear, pulling and blowing liko a whale, and gesticulating like a madman. Tally-ho ! A Maori pig hunt is a fine thing to test tho soundness of one's lungs. At the bottom of a d^op ravine (he pigs were run down, and the linal struggle be tween them and tlio dogs took placo. Ono courageous bruto, n largo dingo, soiled tho boar by tho throat, und in Bpito of several wounds hold on to his prey until To Hunna came up, who, with ono blow of his keen tomahawk, split the boar's skull in twain. Anotlior dog' caught a porkor by tho oar, nnd there held him until he was secured nnd liually despatched by ono of tho MaorieB. A tine plump pig tried to hide itsolf behind a mas? of rock tlint opened out to tho hill above, but Tomplo Vano brought him down with a clever shot that won tho goodwill of the chioftnin. After tho pigs had boon dospatcliod the Manries bled und dragged thum to tho creek close by, whoro they woro thorough ly cleansed. Tho butchering thon began, and Howe noticed .the Maorios carefully examined tlio liyor of each pig. Ho enquired tho cause, und was informed that a filthy diseaso iB provulont among tho wild pigs of the Northern Island, nnd that the only way of detecting thoso disonsed is by sundry whito Bpots over tho surfaco of tho livor. A great crowd awaited ub at tlio Maori village on our return with tho game. To Hunna insisted on Vane nnd hiB com panion dining'with him off the spoil, and remaining with him at tho llapu that night. To give tlio dinner moro. tone the 'chieftain sent an invitation to the inisaion-, ary of the place — Haskor Boll— who juinud tlio party forthwith, together with liiu assistant, Burlco Brady by miino, arid tho smallest, yet, wi'.lml, the merriest and' most antio sprite for an adult in the colony. His brogue was most refreshing, ntid his stories both original , hnd laugh able in the oxtrsmo. ' . This co.inical littlo joker kept tlio com pany in excellent humor until ( ho small hours of morning and when it was day ho ..proposed to siiow our frionds the Hot Springs in the, vicinity/ Tlio offer was nccuptod by our two 'friends, who, after lliey had , indulged in tho luxury of n plungo into tho river and hnd breakfasted, started off to Ornk Iiiiii oil foot, accompanied by. Burko Brady, who iictod as guido, together with Mr BeHaiid Tc Hunna. ? A dense fog lay iipon the Wnikato as they started they had aovornl milos to walk, iiut buforo tlioy had coiiiplotod their journey tlio thiak mist had vanished bunoath tho .beamn of the sun.fand'jnowj what u sight.' In swift .course, forming riiplds 'after.; rapids, 'tho Wnikato was plunging through a deep yalley .betweoii steep rising mountains ; its floods, whirl ing nud foaming round two-small' rooky islands i» tho middle of the river, were dashing with a lot, d uproar through the defile of,the valley. Along its bankB white clouds of steam were ascending from hot cascades falling into tho rivor, and from basins full o! boiling water shut in by a white mass of stone. Yonder a steaming fountain wns rising and falling ; now thoro sprang from aiuthor placo a second fountain ; this iiIbo ceased in its turn ; then two com menced playing simultaneously, ono quite low at tho rivor bank, and tho other op posite upon n terrace. And thus tho j . -:y ciMiiimtv il « :th endless changes, ns c:'i|..;ii experiments were hoiug liwde with grand waterworks to seo whether thu waterfalls hnd a sufficient supply. Ilowe bu.'nn to count tho places where a boiling water basin was visible, or where it cloud of ste;im indicated tho existence of such, but tlioy became so intermingled within liis vision that he was tumble tu Burvoy tliein accurately. The region of springs extends nlong tho rivor a distance of about a mile on both banki, the larger portion of thom being Bitunted uuon the right bank. It is, hmvevor, dillioult of nccess, siuco the rapid strenm cannot bo passed close by the springs themselves, but only tar above or below, and then it would bo necossary to climb along tho stoop sloping river banks, covored with dense undergrowth, where the traveller, upon a soil totally softened by hot vapours, would be evory momont in dangorof sinking into bnilipg mud. Tho party wore obliged lo content themselves with a closer inspection of the springs situated ou tho left river bank. Tlio largest io called by the natives I Puia-To-Muni, und is closu by tho bank of tho rivor. Tho manner iu which they practically experienced the intermittent properties, of this fountain proves sufficiently how- much cnutiou is necessary iu approaching' such springs for tho first time. Burke: Brady, disdaining tlio warning ] of Mr; Hell, nnd wishing to enjoy tho luxury o( a bath, plunged into the stream, 'when, suddenly loud detonations were heard, ! and they saw tho water madly boiling up! in n bnsin oloso by. Brady atnried baclVi again in terror, and gaiuod tho bank just, in time to escape n shower bath of boiling wator, for now, nmid hissing and roaring, a steaming water column was being ojocled from the bnsin in n slanting direc tion, and to the hoighb of about Lwonty foot1 Whon tho showor hud subsided wo. stepped up to the basin nnd found it empty, nnd wero able to look down to a depth of eight feet into u funn'l shaped,' gradually contracting u'perturo, from' which steam escaped with a hissing noiso. Gradually tho water rose again,- and aftor tho lapse of a few minutes, the. second eruption took place. Orakhini proved very interesting to them, apart from the nuiiiy material curios in its neighborhood. Through tho influence of Mr Bell nnd To lluiiua, they had nn opportunity of witnessing tho Mnnrios at work, making rugs nnd mats. Tho flax plant grows most abundantly in evory part of tlio Waikato. ' To tlio nativo it lias proved tho most useful plant in tho wliolo vegetable kingdom. ? both socially and peciiniarly ; from it the .Maori builds and ornaments Jiis - whare. ? manufactures his . clothing, and it is alBO ono of tho bost paying commodities. 'of. barter between him and his Pakeha brother. Its growth is very rapid, the stalk flhooting to a hoight of ten to twelve foot, tho apex being crowned by pale yel low blossom, which has a pretty appear ance whilo iu flower. In a valley to the rear of the aottloment we found the Maorios omployed on a plantation of flax. Hu.-o woro a dozen dark forms of both sexes squntting iu a clnstor cutting down tho broad blades ; others wore conveying it in bundles to u third party seated on tho bank of tlio river ; the . latter wore engaged splitting the loaf aud strippiug oft t io inner fibre with mussel shells — a ratn.-r peculiar and dexterously managed procass, almost impossible for. liny.but the Muorics themselves t'.i.execnte. witli sue-., cesa. Tho fibre produced ' ^i the leaf is white in color, and is r.'m.nkAhly.sjft and silk-like to tho touch. Burke Brady took a leaf of it to make a whip for a Maori child ; ho cut it across, and then stripped off the inner fibre by merely pressing tho end of his thumb along it. Thu missionary informed them that tho soft substance thus produced is called muku, and wlinn dried and assorted is usod in making the most luxurious mats and native apparel. ' Hut you shall see them at work in the Kaitaka whare,'1 said he, loading tho way to a long shed .situ ated on the rising ground above the tl ix bash. This building was close upon a hundred foot long, with a corresponding Width, and contained about fifty native woinen and girls in groups of livo and six, busily omployed in tho various stngos of rug making. Here wire a group platting, r.lie /iiirern, a very common mat, only ti3ed as floorcloth. Tho material used avub com posed of uiiBcrnpod flux split into narrow bauds and closely woven togethor. When finished it presented, a - glossy straw-like appearance. Tl.'ey also make the whole paraphernalia of plates nnd dishes iii'iiBts at tho Hnpu out of tho snmo stibstauco. Tho next party woro engaged on tho horo.- This was manufactured with scraped flax, tlie machine usud for tne proeuss somewhat resembling n harp After it camo from this; rudo appliance the mat was ornamented with various dyod tnga. Tho dyes of dilferoiit colors ure obtained with little trouble from the bark. of trees in tho vicinity. 'The .rug mat most valued by thii Maories,' said tho missionary, 'is the\ Kaila.';; This is woven of the very finest; white muca, and is not sullied by.any tag or ornament, except a border about a foot, in width- of a different oolor. '.The' border! is black as a rule, oxeopt when tho sets of parallel zigzag lines and tho spaces be tween them are loft white, thus forming a beautiful article. Speaking n few words in the '.-Mauri' language to a groy-hended old chief , who accompnniud thom,. Mr Hell conducted thom to n tier of shelves, scroened by thick mats, nt tlio other end of the whnro. Horo woro pilod up costly rugs aud drosses, fancy articles in mat ting, and a host, of brilliant colored trifles intended for tho Auckland market. Tno chief uutolded one splendid rug that es pecially attracted -their, attention. -It was as largo us one of our railway wrappers, dyed black, nnd with a soft volvat like shade, lt.ninlv ornament a white oirclo iu tlie centre, about, the s'zr of- -n dinner plate. IIowo held it iu his hunda aitimr lng Ha beauty, whyn .Bradv, who was standing nt his side, seiz^l hold of it. and throwing it over his puny form, strode majestically tip and down tho ehed hko a stage king. Thu Maories, as n rulo, rarely, mdulgo iu laughter, bub tho- unties of this lively, comrade sot thom . chuckling from left to light. : ' Arrah 1 wouldn't I inako . a purty monarch, wid a tlirnnx of gold to sit on,:, and a togay like this about ino, an' all the oativos of the Waikato for . my subjOitB^. for by tho whole of tnosu hussies hero for my wives, eh ?' exclaunod Brndy, with a broad-. grin wrinkling his. rough faoo-froui' brow to chin, and', strutting to and fro aftor tho inannor of a poncock with ont Bproiid tail. Mr Bell tried to look - grave, [ ??but couldn't manage it, and so foil to laugh ing until ho wns nliiioat'ooiivulsed. :. ? . ;-j ; 'Troth, I'd bo a morry king, ma, bouchul 1' continued Brady, with just the: ghost of pent up roguory gloaming' from I his eyos. I'd bundle some of tliein spil poons away down to tho city of Auckland foru canoe full of whisky, an' tlio fust blackguard that gavo in before he omptied tho third bottle, ' begorra I'd eontenco him to marry tho ugliest ould hyena about the plnco.— To ub CoNin»UKi-, M. H P 330 