THE YOUNG FOLKS. : ' C ATT J. Vi3 ANIMALS. . In tho cnurso of sqiuo interesting gossip ou tho treatment of animals in capiivitv, a con temporary gives tho following; Nature, when r.ho wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her mpacilios when sho patented a mandrill. This baboon has a muzzle such as would bo manu- fhetuved by nu uvlislic upholsterer who has plcitcd together pretty fohfcof blue and light purplish pick stuiYs, Although iiia head decoration is so <Ustiuquvt his beauty is but skin deep, for ho eojoys tho reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon—" Real moan," said tho hooper. Tho singularity of his head colours makes tho mandrill a popular show animal. Ho is an expensive brute, requiring great care. Tho difficulty in captivity is to get him oVer his second yoar, for tbo older ho is tho moro conspicuous is that painted faco of his, whiolt would mako any solf-reopocting ghost-dauclng Indian jealous. 41 This mandrill, now in his third year," said tho keeper, " is getting along very well. Wo watch bio con dition carefully. wo give him raw eggs ovcry day, and bo shall havo somo now." The man- j drill clutched a couple of eggs offered him, was careful to hido the ono ho did not hold, and commenced nibbling tho uholl of one. Now ho flirted all tho whito into his mouth, not spilling a drop, and then put tho wholo shell iuhismaw. Noxtlio tiltcu back his head, and so took down tho yolk. 41 Ifo oujoys that very much. I givo him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, and ho puts it down as if ho liked it." 44 But tcmpcraoco people always point to the tho moral that perverted man is tbo only crea ture who indulges in spirits," "Well, it may not bo natural to that mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but ho couldn't rannago without it now. It's mcdicmo, of course. Now come and look at our giraffe. Ho is in splendid condi tion. The trouble about such a big boast' in confinement is that he is forcod to stand in ono position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bod for him. Tho least damp about nis fcot, and ho woald get cold, and that would soon end him. As you roc, tho weight comes ou his cleft forefoot, and one of them uau spread a good deal, and wo will havo to clip it. lis eats crushed oat3, tho best clover hay, apples, carrots, and has his quart of milk with his wator overy day. Now you shall ego our lionB arid tigers,. Hero wo havo a braco of fairly lively lion wbolps aud two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in time they will get used to ono another. Oh, those Bpats dou't amount to anything. You seo the troublo about thoso tigers ? Isn't it a pity ? I did look, and— distressing sight I— tho - rigors' tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtatled tiger no moro looks natural than docs a Manx cat. 44 That was ono of our great misfortunes, and just ono of thoso things that can't bo always guarded against. Ono night, after ox- lubiting, wo had to striko tents, and movo off in donblo. quick time. Somebody in tho dark wheeled tho van with thcio two sweet tigers near thoso dratted hyenas. Tho tigors flirted thoir tails. That was exactly what tho hyenas woro looking for. Justacouplo of snaps, and tho job was done, and tho value of thoso tigers diminished 85 per cent. You had hotter not stand too closo. Ali those nniraals havo a mighty loug reach, and they can givo you a clip beforo you know it. Thoro really is moro danger outside of tho cago than in it. Thoro aro few things sharper than a tiger's claws. Soo." Thereupon tho keeper draw out of hio pocket a small handful of claw points. Tho edges wero as sharp as stool, with fish-hook curves. 44"Wohavo to cut their claws quite often. Whenever wo introduco a new lion, ' rigor, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cago, wo lenvo to tho newcomer ail his power of defonco so far as claws go, and lessen tho offensiveness of tho rest of thorn by clipping their claws. It never fails that tho animals in tho cago at onca go for tho stranger. They don't bito him, but go in for clawing him. wheu they find after a while that ho can claw too, and better than they, they lot him severely alone. If wo didn't do that, tho now beast would havo liis hido all cut. It's not an oasy thiog to do to clip a lion's or a rigor's claws, or to perform an operation on tbem, as drawing out a claw or pulling a tooth.' , It takes a fall and taoklo, a balf-dozon. strong ropes, and as many men. Tho most troublo- somo ropo is tho ono to bo put around tho nock. Tho bruto would choko himself if not for tho Erocsution wo tako to secure ono forclog with is shoulder in tbo nooso. Othor ropes aro attached to bis foro leg and hind ones, and ho is strotchod on his sido, aud is as hoiple&s; as a log. Tho ropos havo an arrangement wlion tho oper ation ia ovor which at once loosens thorn. Then it is jnst as if you had coilod up a thousand horoo-powor stool spring, and Iot.it go sudden. Tho van just vibratos. Lions suffer from lung troubles und rheumatism. Wo givo thorn milk, quinine, ram. Sometimes, when off thoir food, a livo chickon will temp a lion or a tiger. Tho rigor will play with a cuickon just as a eat dooi with a mouso— kind of onjoying it. They often havo milk. We mo groat caro in butchering thoir moat, and watch out for spliutcrc of bouo which would choko thom." 