THE LEADER. SATURDAY, 29th, OCT., 1892. NATIONALISATION OF LAND. JoWsN STUART MILL, than whom there is no greater modern authority ex-' tant, has striven to persuade the British people that the land of the nation ought to be part and parcel of the property of it, and from a ration al point of view, we agree with him; and had the Government of the day to begin de novo, we would say. by all means retain what virtually is the property of the state, but, unfortun ately, it is not so, for we find that during the fendal ages Kings of their own free will and. accord handed over large tracts of territory in perpetuity to their.partisans which are still held. as the heiritable pro. perty of the 'descendants of those families; but, in this new land of ours there were' io 'such largeses, consequently, their is no parrellel.. In handing over 'the recently dis covered land of Australasia to local management unconditionally, it was quite within the province of the newly-appointed Government to deal with the territory over which it was impowered to rule, and to retain every inch of land in its own right, and only to lease such as its inhabit ants sought to occupy for their own special purposes, whether for the sight of the homestead or cultivation, a work shop, or a factory, In the earlier stages of course the uses to which the bulk of the land could be applied could only have been of the must primitive order, but still, occupation of it of some kind, even for squatting, very sbon presented itself, and the.Government felt quite justified in letting it then on nominal terms, still retaining the fee simple and of course' the exclusive power to deal with it' as it mightsthink proper, but when it began to alienate it, there is reason to fear that it made a grave mistake, and how far the re. mark applied depends on the opinion of the persons under whose observat ion the subject comes. For our own part we. must confess that it is just a little too deep for our limited com prehension and knowledge, for we cannot be all John Stuart 3Mill's, or Adam Smith's,'but this much we may say, that we lay" claim to the posh session of individual .power of reflection, and having the benefit of the assistance of " such .profound thinkers we' surely may be enabled to form a .rational opinion on the subject. Iaving, however, disposed of so much of' the public estate, it may seem too late to retrace our steps but w(. do not think so, for it is never to late to mend; and if it is advisable to re-consider': the land policy of the country the sooner we set about it the better. This, we may aver. that it requires no stretch of imagination to see' what an im mense benefit it would have been to tile Government at the present time had it been in receipt of the rental of all the land in the colong instead of having to go hat-in hand to tile iooney-lenders of Great Britan for loans, which are landing us deeper and deepor in'the mire, and causing us to pay through the nose for everything we·eatnian idriin and, a tilhe very clothing with which we cover our nakedness. It is a fearful contrast, and therefore a subject calling forth the most earnest appeal for consideration. In the past we have been throwing away thil peoples patrimony broadcast to' avaricious land grabbers and speculators to. hoard.up and deal with, not for the' interest of the colony, but for their own individual benefit, and in direct antagonism to every rule of commer. cial propriety. Millions of 'capital have been sunk in the traffic of the purchase of land, wbich would have been much more profitably employed in, the development' of the country or in building homes for ourselves upon land which we might have been proud to admit was that of tile state, and for which we might have been only called upon to pay a nominal yearly rental, which would he going to assist in meeting the expenses of Government, 'Let us therefore see to it, and reflect on the presentstate of matters, and ask ourselves the questions,-What has brought this about? and what will cure it ? We want to see no more land-booms, or people running mad after wealth, hunting it as detectives do a fugitive aDeeming or the Elstrnaevick ghost, of which so much has lately been rumoured, but never catching it. Some people thought when we com menced the land racket that we were on the highway to wealth, but alas I what a 'mistake. we made i It was only a vision after all,' a will-o'-the wisp, an ignis fiiatunu. " To I slow however, that some of our readers are beginning to realise the pro. priety of seriously consilering the question of . easing v selling, a persual of a letter in our last week's issue may be worthy of re reading, especially by those whom itmay more immediately concern. 