ST KILDA LAWN TENNSS CLUB CONCERT. ? *- ? The nnpropitious utate of the weather bad a marked influence on the attendance at tbe concert and dramatic performance given hi aid of the Lawn Tennis Club, at the. St. Kilda Town Hall, on Thursday even ing. The audience was not a large one, but those who braved the elements had no cau6e to regret that they had put in an appearance, me programme was a first-class one, containing as it did thj names of many who are the recognised lights in the musical, world,, and each item was most heartily re-; ceived. Ampngst those who con tributed numbers were Misses Jennie ilamsej and Ada Crossley, arid 'Mr Stockwell. 'It was & dream,' a a masterpiece of Coweris, by Miss Ramsay, was beautifully rendered, the lady's higher notes showing to much advantage, the song being given with a purity and sweetness which called forth loud applauBc Mies Ada Crossley in ' When love is dead ' had a very flattering reception. . In his song 'Estudiantina,' Mr H. Stock well soored a success, and deservedly so, the composition being a popular one. The other numbers were » im ??In the dusk cf the twilight' b MisBes Ramsay and CrdBKley, an* trio by the ladies named, acd ] Stockwell. Miss Bernat played pianoforte solo by Chopin, 'Waits A flat,' with much smoothness. 1 Blascheck fairly brought down t| house in a recitation, wherein ] undertook to pourtray thn eccentricitii of the chairman of sn institution at a Exeter Hall meeting, where the snb ject of distributing blankets and boot to the inhabitants ol the Cannibt Island was under discussion. Xhi speech was a long one, and by endin up where he started the soi ditan chairman caused much merriment In response to a recall Mr Blaschec recited ' Little Johnny on Ghosts,' The second part of the programme wii taken up with the performance of three-act farcial comedy entitled ' Ton Cobb.' The piece contains somi amusing situations, which were we! brought out by the performers Colonel O'Fipp, an Irish adventurer has a daughter, wbo is the essence o simplicity, but at the same time th possessor of charms which appear t- act like a magnet over the ' eli£ib)- bachelors,' and no more so than on Tom Cobb and Whipples. a couple ol young surgeons. The unfortonat* girl is thus placed in a dilemma However, the two surgeons meet, talk matters over, and after explana tions are given, it is decided that Tom should 'die for about three months,' which bit of strategy would Colonel, who by the way was always be the roeansof absolving him from meet ing his bills previously given to the willing to help a young man in finan cial difficulties if there was a shiJof of a chance of bis making a match with the daughter, and who, according to her own statement, was getting on in years, being ' twenty-nine — and i bit.' To make short of a long story, Tom Cobb — Rip Vau Winklelike did die for the appointed tittie, but on coining on the scene of his former triumphs and troubles was not recog nised by bis old associates ; to make matters wor', the unfortunate Ton was taxed bj a Miss Effiagbam (i member of a romantic family) with having 'jilted' her, and forthwith hands him a writ claiming damages for breach of promise, Tom's posi tion can thus be easily imagined. The part of Matilda O'Fipp was alloted to Miss Hilda Fraser, and by her natural gracefulness and 'taking' mjs, made an excellent representation of the character, and to her acting the success of the comedy was in a great measure due. Miss Frances Gold stein, as Caroline Effingham, caused much bughter by her seriousness ol expression and evident honesty of purposp. The remaining characters were taken as follows :— Colonel O'Fipp, Mr D. Paul ; Tom Cobb, Mi 0\. J. Batten; 'Whipples, M- G, Castieao; Mr Effingham, Mr Gard ner; Mrs Effinghaw, Miss Frances Goldstein ? Bulstro.de Effingham, Mr E. A. Gibbs ; Footman, Mr J. L -wry, As an amateur performance (he Bala clava Social Club must bs cocgrata lated on the Jesuit of their efforts. South Yarra and Toorak Try Society. The monthly entertainment of the above Bociety eventuated at Hawksburn Hall on Monday evening last, and it is pleasing to record that a crowded attendance was present, which facl can be taken a6 an in dication that the interest in the welfare of such institutions, as the one under notice shows no signs of decay. And rightly so, too. Mr Foster, the Buperintendant, lias his work at heart, and his well-wiehen (and they are legion), express the greatest admiration at the result of his labours, aw the practical sympathy shown towards the institute on Monday should prove an in centive to jm.. rosier io conuuuG »''??- increased energy in the work wlncli « started so unassumingly some eight o nine years ago. A glance round the '»« at the numerous smiling and happy lace of the ''Try'.' lads would allow of only one conclusion being arrived at by the visitor and that is, that hundreds of boys ana youths have been brought within the arm of discipline, who, otherwise would ha« been probably tempted to lead lives useless not only to: themselves, but to society^ general. Several of the lads who con muted to the eveniDg's-programmehW composed' Mr' Foster's initiatory oM». but'ever remembering a duty they o«w their instructor, take pleasure m reno» w that gentleman's acquaintance by «»' e their share of work at ihe mo™1^ unions. Each item was given with gre z?st. A word of praise mwl be g-«' ?the- brass band, and aleo to the lads* tAnb- nait in the evinnastic exceiaS' The full programme gone through »? 'follows: ^Overture, band; «{*««». J razor seller,' A Simmonds; olnb swing^! ;-A'. Swettie; recitation, 'The babj ??gg 'B. Shannon: mouth organ, J- ^ . bar excercise, senior W»DIU*5L;. C. recitation, 'Guilty or not : p''gjy, Smith; ' Down in a coalmine, J- ^ from the Kiogmaster Kip fr. U ? £ { ;, Warick, F. Bweot.aan; recitation, j- the programme,' B. Daw j; pand dumb bells, gymnastic daw . «?' .jjr Quack,' T. Toddjand a duet by w there Middleton. 