INVITATION TO A WEDDING. IBv THE REV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D.] " Come, for all things are now ready."—St, Luke xiv. 17. Holy festivities to- day. We gather other sheaves into the spiritual garner. Our joy is like the joy of ; heaven. Spread —\ the —. ,,—- banquet, 1 —' fill ,—.— all ,— the , chalices. : , We are not to day at the funeral of a aead Winst— I we « are celebrating tbe the marriage numage of the King's Son. It was an exciting time in English history when , Queen Elizabeth visited Lord Leicester at KEMLWORTH CASTLE, ' The clock; in all the towers and throughout the castle were stopped at the moment of her arrival, so continuing to point to that moment as the one surpassing all others in interest. The door of the great banqueting-hall was opened. The Queen marched \- in to the sound of the trumpets. Four hundred servants waited upon the guests. It was a scene that astonished all nations when they heard of it. Five thousand dollars a day did the banquet cost as it went on day after day. She was greeted to the palace gates with floating islands, and torches, and the thunders of cannon, and fireworks that set the night ablaze, and a hurst of music that lifted the whole scene into enchantment. Beginning in that way, it went on from joy to joy, and from excitement to excitement, and from rapture to rapture. That was the great banquet that Lord Leicester spread in Kenilworth Castle. But to-day, my brothers and sisters, I invite yon to a grander entertainment. My Lord, the King, is the banqueter. Angels of God are the cupbearers, all the redeemed are the gnests: the halls of eternal luve frescoed with light, and paved with joy, and curtained with unfading beauty are the b* n- queting place, the harmonies of eternity iare the music, the chalices of God are the plate, and I am one of tbe servants come ont with INVITATIONS TO ALL THE PEOPLE, and, oh, that j'ou might break the seal of the invitation and read in ink of blood, and with the tiemulous hand of a dying Christ, "Come, for all things are now ready." Sometimes there have been great disappointments at a banquet. The wine has failed, or the servants have been rebellious, or the lights have gone out; but I walk all around the banqueting table of my Lord to-day and I find everything complete, and swing open the door of this banqueting house and I sav: "All things are now ready." Illustrating mv text I go on, and in the first place say that the ]>ord Jesus Christ is readv. I have to tell you that our banqueter, the Lord Jesus Christ, comes in at tbe beginning of tbe feast. Aye, he has been waiting for his guests, waiting with mangled feet, waiting with band on his punctured side, waiting with hand on the lacerated temples, waiting waiting! Wonder it is that the banqueter <lid not get weary and say, "Shut the door, and let the laggards stay out." 2>o, be has been waiting. IIow much he is in earnest! Shall I shoir you': 1 gather up all the tears that flooded his cheek in sjmpathy, all tbe blood that channelled his brow and back aud hand and foot to purchase our redemption. I gather up all the groans coming from midnight chill and mountain hunger and desert loneliness, and 1 put them into one bitter ciy—I gather up all the pangs that shot from cross and spike and spear into one groan—I take one drop of sweat on his brow, and I put it under the glass of the gospel, and it enlarges to lakes of sorrow, to oceans of agony. That Christ to-day, emaciated and worn and weary, comes here, ami with a pathos in which every word is a heartbreak and every sentence a martyrdom Ue says to you and He says to me "Come, for all things are now readv." Ahusuerus made A FEAST THAT LASTED ISO OJVS. This lasts for ever. Lords and princes were invited to that. You and I are invited to this. Yes, He has been waiting. He is waiting now. Other kings wrap themselves in robes of beauty and power , before they come into a banquet. So does Christ. Ob, He is the fairest of the fair! In His hand is the : omnipotent power that opened blind eyes and straightened crooked limbs and hoisted the pillars of Ueavtn, and swung the twelve gates which are twelve pearls. Oh, what a Christ—a Christ of beauty, a Christ of power! There are not enough cups on earth to dip up this ocean of beauty. There are not ladders to scale iliese heights of love. Oh, thou flower of eternity, thy breath i* the perfume of heaven! Oh, thou daybreak of the soul, let all nations clap their hands m Thy radiance! Chorus 1 Come, men and angels and cherubim atid seraphim and archangel, all heights, all depths, all immensi- " Koll on through the lieaveas In acclaim, over bridges hosamui, under arches of coronation, by the bowers i chimiDg with eternal chorus! "CTnto Ilim that loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own blood, and made us kings and priests unto God, to Him lje glory for ever and ever. Ah! there is one word of fiveletters that I would like to write; but I have no sheet fair enough to write it on, and no pencilgood enough to insrribe it. Givemeaslieet from the heavenly records, andsoine pencil used by aa angel ia describing a victory, and i lien v iLli band struck with supernatural energy, ;.ml "with pencil dipped iu everlasting morning, I will wilte it cut iu capitals of love—J-K-S-U-S— Jesus! It is this OM-: i HAT is WAITIM: FOR Yi>t : . and for me, f: r »e are on Hit same piax'onu befi>ie Clod. How loiifi Ills vaile.l fo; me ! IJ.JW litlias waited for v.iu! Waiting as a b*iu<ut-ler wnit-s for his delayed guest!!, the meats suioki k, .mil the beakers linminmp, ai d the inin«t.Tel »iih liis finger on the stift i^trin* ready to strike at the lirtt clash of the hoofs at the uiUvway. Waiting as a mother wa.t& for a bov that ten years ago wunc off dragging her bleeding heart after him.' W&itiiur.; Oh, can yon not aivr uie eome compnrfcnn iuteusu ei:ougb f imporiuiMte enough, hifh as heaven, de«p as hell, and vast as eteniitjV Ivot expecting that you can help me witli sncli a coinpHrisim. I cay Be is waiting PS only an all-sympathetic Oh list knows bow to wait for a wandering soul. Bow the knee and kiss the Ron, Come autl welcome, sinner come. But f remark, again, not only Christ ia waiting, hut the lloly Spirit is waiting Why are some sermons a dead failure? Why are there songs that do not get their wiLgs under the people ? Why ars there prayers that go no higher up than a hunter's halloo V Because THEllK IS A MISSIM; LINK that only the Hcly Spirit can make. If that spirit .should come through this assemblage, there would be a power felt like that when Saul was unhorsed on the road to Damascus, like as when LydiaVr heart was opened in her fine Btore, like as when 3,000 souls were lifted out at midnight into midnoon at the Pentecost. Do you notice that sometimes that spirit takes an insignificent aeency to save a soul': I think it is very oft enthat.hy just one passage of Scripture, just one word of Scripture, a soul is aaved because the. Holy Spirit gives it supernatural power. Do you know wliat it was that saved Martin Luther? It was that one verse. " The justshall live by faith." Do you know what it was that brought Augustine from his horrible dissipations? It was that one verae, "Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof." bo youknoir what it was that saved Hedley Vicars, the cele-. brated soldier? It was the one passage, " Beliera in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Do you know what it was that bronght Jonathan Edwards to Christ? It wasthe one passage, " Now unto Him be glory for ever and ever." One thanksgiving morning in Church I read mr text, "Oh, give thanks unto the Loui for He is good," and a young man stood in the gallery and s-aid to himself: "I have never rendered one acceptable offering of gratitude to God in all my lite. Here, Lord, I am thine for ever." By that one passage of Scripture he was brought into Uia kingdom, and, if I might tell my own experience, I might mention how one Sabbath afternoon 1 was brought to THE PEACE 01- THE GOSPEt. by reading of the Syro-Phcemcian's cry to Christ where she said: " Even the dogB eat of the crumbs that fall from the master's table." Philosophia sermons never saved anybody. Metaphysical sermons never saved anybody. An earnest plea going right out of the heart blessed of the Holy Ghost, that is what saves, that is what brings people into the Kingdom of Christ. I suppose the world thought that Thomas Chalmers preached great sermons in his early ministry; bnt Thomas Chalmers says he never preached at ail until, years after he had occupied a pulpit, he came ont of his sick room, and, weak and emaciated, he, stood and told the story of Christ to the people. And in the great day of eternity it will be found that not so much the eloquent sermons bronght men to Christ as the story told, perhaps, by those who were unknown on earth, the simple story of the Saviour's love and mercy, sent by the power of the Holy Ghoet straight to the heart. Come, Holy Ghost. Ay, he is here. He Oils the place. I tell you tba Holy Ghost is ready. Then I go on and tell you THE CHURCH IS READY. There are those here who say:—"No one cares for my soul." We do care for.it. Ton see a man bowing his head in prayer, and you say:—" That man is indifferent." The man bows his head in prayer that the truth may go to every heart. The air isr full of prayers. They are going up from this assembly. Hundreds of prayers straight to the throne of a listening God. The air is fall of prayers —prayers ascending all over this land, going up from praying circles. Yea, there is not a minute of an hour of any day that there are not prayers ascending to the throne of mercy. The Church h ready. And if you should now start to your Father's house, there would be hundreds and thousands who would say if tlity knew it:—" Make room for that man, make room for him; give him full right to all the privileges of the Church df Jesus Christ." I know there are those who say the Church is a m&at; of hypocrites, but they do not really think so. It ii a glorious Church. Christ purchased it. Christ built it. Come into it. Come into it. I did not ! pick out this man or that man and say:—'""Spa may come." I say all may come—" whosoever will." I " Come with us and we will do yon good. For the t ! Do ^ not L say ^ you S nave j never been mvited. I I.WITE VOl'-KOW to the King's feast. One and all. All: But I go g further Z ^ and e ^ tell U you e ? that £ the IMSSrtiS^SS angels are ready. r are aM ftaliinir getting into intn the .lid region mninn of iif fancy. hnmi They Hi.vea.tk say it is i. very well for a man when he has just entered tho . ministry to preach about the angels of heaven, but after he has gone on farther it is hardly worth while. My friends, there is not any more evidence in the Bible that there is a God than that there are angels. Did they not swarm rohnd Jacob's ladder; When Lazarus's soul went up, did they not escort it? Did not David say:—'"The chariots of God are 20,004, even thousands of angels ?"-A re they not represented as the chief harvesters of the judgment day? Did not one angel in one night slay 180.000 of^Sennacherib's troops? Oh, yes, onr world is in communication with two other worlds. All that cojnmum^ cation is by ugels. When a bad man is to die, a' man who has despised God and rejected the Gospel, tbe bad spirits come on sulpharoos wings and they lay hold of him and try to posh him on the precipices into the abyss, and then they lift a giffaw of diabolical exultation. But there is a line of angels, bright and beautiful and loving angelc, mighty angels reaching all tbe way from earth to heaven, and at times when others gather like them I suppose the air is full of them. They hover. Tbey flit about. They help in the war against iniquity. They are ready to rejoice, ready to bear the tidings, and ready to drop the benediction. , But I go further and say that VOIR GLORIFIED IUNDHED ABE READY. have not any sympathy with modern Spiritualism. I believe it is born in perdition. When I see the lavages it makes with human intellects, when I ste the homes it has devasted, when I see the bad morals that very often follow in its wake, I have no faith in modern Spiritualism. I think if John Milton and George Whitfield have not anything better to do than to \- crawl under Bochester tables and rattle Uie leaves, tbey bad better stay at home in glory. But the Bibla I distinctly teaches that the glcriBed in heaven are in sympathy with our- redemption. "There is joy ia heaven among the angels- of God over one sinner that repentetii," and if the angels hear it, do not our departed kindred there hear it? There are those there who toiled for your salvation, and when j they bade you good-by in the last hour, and they > said " Meet me in heaven," there was hovering over ! the pillow the awful possibility that you might not ; meet. But oh, the pathos when that hand was ; thrust out from the cover, and they said good-by. j For how long was it good- by? > Now, suppose yon pass into the kingdom of God , at once. Suppose yon should say " I am done with ' the sins of this world; fle upon all these follies. O Christ, I take Thee now, I take Thy service, I respond to Thy love; Thine am I for ever!" Why, before iore ME the KBT tear oi of repeouoce repentance IRN bad ANEA dried on your YOARCHWK, cheek. , before your firet prayer had closed, the angel standing with ,,-,-tf, the message for o.. thy soul would cry ^ upward nnmni " lie is coming! ' All along the line of light the news would go upward till it reached the gate, and then it would flash to the house of many mansions, and your kindred before the throne would say " Rejoice with me—my prayers are answered. Give ine another harp with which to Strike the joy. Saved t —saved—saved!" I Now, my fiiends, if Christ is ready, and the Holy Ghost is ready, and the Church is reidy, and tlie ! angels of God are ready, and your glorified kindred are ready, j I ARE VOU BEADY? I press with all the emphasis of my soiil the question, "Are vou ready?" If you do not get Into the King's feast it will be because you do not accent tho earnest invits tiou. Arm stretched out soaked with blood from elbow to finger-tip, lips qoivering In mortal anguish, two eyes beaming everlasting love while he sajs, "Come, for all things are now ready." I At Kenilworth Castle, I told you. they stopped the clocks when Queen Elizabeth arrived, that tlie band of time might point to that moment as tbe most significant and tremendous; but if this tnornj ing the King should enter the castle of your soal, ' veil might yon stop all the clocks and have the fingerof time pointing to this moment as the one most stupendous in all your life. Would Um I could eome all through these aisles and all through | these galleries, not addressing you perftuictoiilv, : but takiDg yon by the hand as a brother tab s a brother by the band, and say to one and all, to each—" Come, come, the door is open, enter now and eit down at the feast." 7 Old man, Gcd has been waiting for thee lung years. Wonld that some tear of repentance might trickle down thy wrinkled cheek! Has not Christ done enough in feeding thee and clothing thee a 1 these years to win from thee one word of gratitude? Come, all the young. Christ is the fairest of the fair. Wait not till thy heart gets hard. COME, THE ITRTUEST AWAV from Christ. Come, now to-day, and get his pardon and its strength. He knows all the stoiy of thy sin. He will wash away thy sin, and he will throw around thee tbe robe of his pardon. Cbiist waits for thee. And self-righteous man, feeling thyself all right, having no need of Christ, no need of pardon, no need of help—O self-righteous man I dost though think in those rags thou canst enter the feastv Thou canst not. Gods servant at the gate nould tear efftbv robe and leave thee naked at tlie pate. O self righteous man! Come to the feast. Repent of thy sin, take Christ for thy portion. Day of grace going away. Shadows on the cliff reaching further aud further over tbe plain. Tbe banquet has already begun. Christ has entered into that banquet to which you are invited. The eue>ts are taking their places. The servant of tlie King has bis hand on the door of the banquetingroc m. Kow is your time to go in. Now is my time to enter. I must go in. You must go in. The door is just ajar. After awhile it will he for ever shut. Why will ye waste on trifling cares That life which God's compassion spares While in the endless round of thought The one thing needful ia forgot. 