THE NOVELIST BEHIND , CLOSED DOORS. BOOK I.--THE GRETOREX WEDDING. CHAPTER III. (Continued). In the blank of the dull window out of which bo looked, ho perceived hor image tied, with all her accomplishments and lady-like proclivities, to this brusque, stern, self-contained man, whose ambi tion was as hard as his poverty, and whoso will was allied to something narrow and constrained, rather than to what waB broad and helpful. The re sult wns pity. Not the pity that is akin to love, for lovo he could not have now or ever again for this woman. Tho shock she had given his pride had killed its very germs in his heart. Even if he could bring himself to believe in the de tective's plausible explanation of her conduct, aud find in her very inconsis tencies the evidence of a hidden nnd baffled affection for himself, liis feeling must Btill remain one of pity alono. The fact that he saw her face ns never before ; that its least line struck liim with a sense of beauty that had sometimes been lack ing in his contemplation of hor, did not go far to dispel this conviction. Mis fortune, while separating them, had em phasized her figure in his eyos, and though sho was his no more, ho could not hut marvel over tho fate that had come between him nnd one whom ho now saw could easily have been his ideal of what was personally fascinating nnd attractive. The Gouevieve ho had soon at his last interview — not tho ono he had seen to-day — was beautiful; and pitiable as it was to consider, had shown sigus of that feeling attributed to her by his com panion. lie flushed as he remembered it nnd rigorously turned away his thoughts. But they had taken deep root, and though he rose from his Boat and walked the lengtli of tho train, talked to tho engineer, and interested himself in one or two passengers whoso countenances betrayed upprohension, he could not OBcnpe them, nor substitute with any othor vision the picture of her faco as it appoared to him on that one night. Ho saw it iu tho clouded skies as lie glanced out, in tho blazootho firo as he peered into tho furnace ; finally in the abstracted visago of his companion, as lie roturned to his old soat and sat down agnin by tlio detec tive's side; Do what ho would — and his pride unpolled him- to make every effort possible— the shy, almost hesoech- ing glanco so now to those proud eyos, tho bright alluring smilo, even. tho turn of her form as alio looked hack on leav ing liim, would recur to his memory with a photographic distinctness that effectually -blotted out the wild dis- hovelled woman of whoin he had had that hateful aud stolen glimpse, through the curtains. Had it not boen for tho hurried beating of his heart, tho fierce, almost unbearable irritation of his norvos worn to exasperation by those lingering moments .of enforced waiting, lie could almost have imagined that the events - and revelations of the day had been a dreaih, and that ho was going forward with warmth in his heart and hope in his soul to a marriage tlmt promised love and honor. As it was, no clinging and persistent vision of hor or any other woman could blot out the shameful fact that lie was on his way to anything hut a happy bridal sceno ; that instead of honor he should meet morti fication, arid in place of lovo, dofeatand possible regret. Mr. Gryco — who, iu the wisdom of his old ago, never chafed at what was unavoidable — had nothing to say during this time of inaction. Possibly he had taken the opportunity to study out some other case, possibly he thought silence more discreet than speech ; at all events he made no- effort to break it, and the minutes wont by, and the seemingly interminable half-hour came to an end without a word, having being uttered between them. Bat with the first on ward movement of the car both roused and Mr. Gryco spoke. " Thirty -flvo minutes lost! That's bad ! but if the fates are propitious we may succeed in our intentions yet. Cotne to the door and don't stop for any courtesies. Seconds are of importance now." And seconds were mnde use of. Old as Mr. Gryce was, he showed that when hurry was demanded not oven his pro verbial rheumatism stood in the way. As soon as the cars stopped at 125th street, they were out of them, and sight ing a train approaching them oil the cable road, ran, caught it and wore on their way across town before sotno of thoir fe!low-pa8sengors had reached tho bottom of the elovatod stairs. There was no delay this time ; St. Nicholas Avenue was reached at a quar ter to 8, and as they had but a few minutes' walk before them, they stepped out with a decision that was almost hopeful. Suddenly a carriage rolled by them. " Good God !" exclaimed Dr. Cam eron, " a guost going to tho wedding 1" Another carriage, and another; the' street seemed alive with them. " Why didn't I think of this?" mut tered tho doctor, feeling the cold sweat, breaking out over bun. "Did you expect anything else?" asked tho detective. "The parents, hoping for her return up to the last, naturally could take no mensures to warn their guests. You will even soe an awning up, you may be sure," " 'Tin horrible I" came from his com panion, with hitter emphasis ; and at tho cornor of St. Nicholas Place he almost stopped, as. if he felt himself unable to procoed. But the detectivo's firm figure passing hurriedly on, he recovered from his momontary weakness, and followed him. Moanwhile tho stream of carriages kept up, and presently they could hear the Blamming of doors as their occu pants alighted. Somothing in tho sound, in the genernl aspect of things, seemed to move the doctor strangely. " Hark I" cried lie, clutching at the detective's arm to Btop him. " There is no confusion, no delay; the guests go in and are received. And look ! lights —lights from basement to garret ! What doeB it mean ? Do those wretched par ents still hope that she will come ?" For answer, Mr. Gryce drew him hurriedly oril . "Don't stop for anything!" he cried. " Forget. your wrongs, your fears, your hopes even. Be a machine ; we have work to do." Then, with a sudden change of tone, " You must not he seen by these people, and you must see the hostoss, and immediately. How are we going to do it ? Is there a basement door?" " Yos, hut the aide-door is bettor. If we are met it will cause loss remark. 1 am expected at the side- door." " Good ! To the Bide-door then." And, dashing tlirough a crowd of small urchins that blocked the road, they made their way around the hoiiso to the en trance mentioned, catching glimpses through the windows, as they did so, of blazing chandeliers and towering plants, and hearing with feelings that may well bo imagined, tho bowildering tones of an orchestra mingling with tho hum of many voices. They opened the door. A festive sceno burst upon thorn, but they paid it little hoed. The tall figure of tho fumily but ler bowing before them absorbed all their attention, for ho wore a look of expec tancy and cheerful welcome that added to the mystery of the moment, and made it difficult for the doctor to stammer out — " Where is Mrs. Gretorox ? I must see her at once." The butlor, surprised, stared at the doctor an instant, aud seeing somothing in his face that ho could not understand, faltered helplessly and turned his eyes upon the detective. " Mrs. Gretorex," repeated Dr. Cam eron. " I want to see hor. Toll her " Wait !" whispered Mr. Gryco. "I had better send her my namo," and he took a card out of his pocket. But the butlor, more and more sur prised, Bhook his head, and, whiloho did not refuse to take tho card, muttered;— " Pardon, Monsieur | — Madain Greto rex make her toilet ; but if Dr. Camer- ou will go to his room, I will tell her 11 " That will do," broke in tho detectivo. "Take us upstairs at once," and, 'ignor ing with his usual -importurhahility the glances of nttonished inquiry that fol lowed his rathor burly figure clad in its common business coat, he pushod his way to tho stairway, without waiting to sco if the doctor was behind him. This gave tho butler nu opportunity to whisper, " The bride is a little late, Monsieur ; and Mrs. Gretorox asked me to say " " I cannot wait !" broko in the doctor, exasperated that, they should still ut- tempt to keop him in ignorance of the real state of affairs. " I will go up, and you seo that Mrs. Grotorex comes to mo immediately," and ho followed in tho walto of tho dotestivo, conscious from tho expression of tho faces ho passed that he wore anything but tho aspect appro priate to his supposed position of bride groom. Mr. Gryce was waiting in tho hall above. "I havo inquired for tho room set apart for your use," whispered he, " and they point out the one at tho end of tho hall. Isn't it a sham," he added. " And what pluck on tho part of tho mother ! I declare I had no idea Bhe would carry it as far as this; but I suppose she could not help herself. Sho kept hoping and hoping from minute to rainuto that her daughter would como, and has not yet found courage nor opportunity, per haps, to ei plain the situation and dis miss hor guests. If it wore not for what we have still to do," he added, as thoy stepped into tho room which lind been pointed out to them, " I would wait and hear what excuses slio would frame to meot clie emergency, ; for you may be surethey would bo entirely in accordance with the demands of the occasion." " There is no excuse possible. The truth will have to be told," declared the doctor. But Mr. Gryce Bhook his head, and pointing to.the clock replied,— " There is yet an hour before us. If she will come at once and go with us at once, Mr. Gretorox may safely be left to announce to the throng that his daughter has been suddenly taken so violently ill, that her marriage to-night is impossible. Not ono in a dozen will believe him, but the talk that will follow will riot huit you; and to morrow any turn can be given to the story which the facts will boar out." " Yes, yes," began the doctor, but ho went no further, for at that moment there was a rustle heard on the thres hold, and Mrs. Gretorex, magnificent in velvet and diamonds, slowly pushed opon the door, and stood in a dignified atti tude before them. . Both gentlemen started forward, aud both gentlemen paused confused, for her air was ono of courteous protest, aud tho glanco she allowed to travel from ono to the otiier had nothing but a haughty inquiry'in it, which, to them, knowing as thoy did all that was hid be hind it, Bhowcd a powor of dissimulation that for the moment was almost discon certing. Nor were her first words cal culated to hotter the impression sho had mnde. "You have sent for me?" said she, with a glance at tho doctor which com pletely ignored tho detective. " Mny I ask what I can do for you ?" Then as the doctor hesitated' in his agitation, added politely, " It is 8 o'clock, and thy daughter is almost roady. I liopo theso few minutes of delay have not incon venienced you P" . " Your daughter ! " gasped Dr. Oamoron. "Sho is bore?" while Mr. Gryce, in nowise disturbed by the cold ness with which his presence had been received, took up a silver paperweight from a table near by, and begun to weigh it in his hand, while his lips moved with what might be called the ghost of a whistle. " My daughter is hero, of course, sir ! " declared tho mother in tonos that wore almost icy in their pride and indignation. " Whore else should Bho bo on her wed ding-night?" and she cast a furious glance at the detective, which that person was of course much too absorbed to meet. " Here! "again repeated the physician, absolutely dumbfounded at her audacity. I bog pardon, but I thought " Her smooth smile stopped him. " Shall I inform my child that her bridegroom is ready ? " she asked, with a polite but doubtful glanco at the over coat he still wore. Dr. Oamoron stared, felt himself inadequate to grapple with the situation and glanced at Mr. Gryce, who softly laid his paper-weight down and advanced. "Madain," said the' latter, "excuse me, but moments are of inestimable value just now and I must go straight to facts. Your daughter " But this woman was not one to brook interference. " I don't know you, sir," sho affirmed, and turned again to the doctor. " When my daughter's toilet is quito complete you will receive a sum mons from her maid. Would you like any assistance yourself ? " This roused Dr. Cameron. Advanc ing, ho took the lady's hand and respect fully bowed over it. "Mrs. Gretorex," said he, " you ignore tho man you have employed, but you will not ignore me. If your daughter is in this house she must have roturned here in the last fow minutes.' In that-caBe " But here he was again interrupted. " You inistako. My daughter — con cerning whoso movements you seem to have formed the most unaccountable conclusion — has been in this house since noon. Sho carno hack with a cousin of hers rroin Monte I an-, just aswo-woro beginning to feel anxious about her. Her present delay is owing to an entirely different source. Some trouble about her veil, I beliove." For the second time the doctor showed intense astonishment. " Mrs. Gretorox, do you spoak the truth ? " ho asked ; " Miss Gretorex here and since noon, when I myself saw her at the C Hotel an hour ago ? You are deceiv ing me, nnd I as your intended son-in- law will not endure it. Though I pity your daughter from tho bottom of my heart, I cannot riinrry her, for her con duct has shown, a duplicity to which ithis tardy return to fulfil hor engage ment only givos an emphasis." It was now Mrs. Gretorox's turn to look dumbfounded. She gazed at the doctor as if to see whether lie wero ill his proper senses ; then she stopped up to the detectivo. "This iB your work," sho cviod. "You have gone beyond your orders. Did you not receive my telegram ? " " No, madam." "I sent you ono as soon as my daughter came hack. Iler explanations wore entirely satisfactory, aud thoro is no reason why any of us should think of tho matter again. Yot you have talked in the very quarter where I desired you to be silent, and the conse- quenco is, that my daughter's happiness is threatened and her character im peached. J.t is an irreparable injury which I shall never forgive." Ai.d, leaving Mr. Gryco to digest those pleas- ing words, 'she turned again to Dr. Cameron. " Sir," said she, " I do not know what excuse you can have for assorting that you have seen my daughter within au hour. I only know that the fact is im possible, for Gouevieve has not .been out of the house since her return at the time I mentioned, ns a dozen witnesses at least can prove to you. As to tho duplicity of which you complain; it amounts simply to this, that she felt her health giving way under tho con stant strain of our numerous prepara tions, and in a sudden freak, which she now deplores as sincerely as mysolf, started off for Montclair without telling anyone of her intention, thinking that tho complete rest thus obtained would benefit her, as it has ; for never has sho looked more bloomiug or moro fitted to bo your wife than at this very moment when you hesitate to accept her." For answer, tho'doctor walked up to the detective. " Could we havo been mistaken ?" lie asked.' "Was it indeed another wo man ?" " I will toll you in two minutes," was „tho hasty answer ; and quitting them with small ceremony, Mr. Gryce passed oat of the room. Tho doctor mado no effort to apologise or answer Mrs. Gretorex till he came back. His whole future destiny was trembling in the balance, and it was as much as he could do to retain his com posure. Happily the time of waiting wns short. Mr, Gryco rejoined thorn almost immediately, and bowing low to the lady of the house, said in Dr. Cam eron's ear, " Another caBe of mistnkon identity. Mrs. Gretorox is correct in all her assertions. You havo- made a fool of mo nnd I bIiow my chagrin by simply departing." Tho doctor attempted no reply. Ho was beside himself with joy. What! tho whole dreadful business of tho last four hours a farce ? His marriage assured, his bride untnintod, no Molesworth in her past, no. possible joalousy in thoir future? He almost dropped on his knees to Mrs. Gretorex, in his contri tion ; attempted explanations and paused thinking thorn too inadequate ; laughed, asked questions about his bride's beauty and betrayed impatienco to boo hor ; in short, acted like any man suddenly transported from unhappiness to rap ture. The mothor, understanding him bet ter than lie. thought, perhaps, only smiled, and pointing to his. black neck tie, asked if he had a white one in his pocket. (To le Continued.) 