LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednttday, 28 October, 1892. , The Speakeb took the chair at half-past $ o'clock ABSENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL, No. 2. The SPEAKER announced that be had presented the Appropriation Bill, No. 2, to the Governor for the Royal assent, and that His Excellency had been pleased, in his presence, to subscribe his assent thereto, in the name and on behalf of Her Majesty. MESSAGES FROM HIS EXCELLENCY THE. GOVERNOR ABSENT TO BULB. . The SPEAKER announced that he bad re ceived messages from the Governor, intimating that His Excellency bad assented to the Queens landTrustoes, Limited, Bill, theMUlaauinBranoh Railway Bill, the Tqistee Act Amendment Bill, the Small Debts Act of 1807 Amendment Bill, the Appropriation Bill, No. 2, and the Indecent Advertisements Bill. I PETITION. ? SWANUANK OoLUEWES, LlHITKD, BILL. \- Mr. BARLOW presented a petition from the Swanbank Collieries, Limited, praying for leave to introduce a Bill to authorise the Svanbank Collieries, Limited, to construct a branch line of ! railway connecting with' a branoh line, con structed by Lewis Thomas, on the Southern and i Western Railway. ^ Petition received. FORMAL MOTIONS. ' The following formal motions wore agreed *°b7 tbe COLONIAL SECRETARY (Hon. H. Tozer), for the Chief Secretary ' That leave be given to iotroduoc a Bill to refer certain matters to the Federal Council of Australasia tor the exorcise of legislative authority thereon. By the COLONIAL SECRETARY, for the Colonial Treasurer That this Houso will, at Ita next sitting, resolve Itaelf Into a Oommltlee of tho Whole to consider ot the Aestrableneas ot tntrodnein'g a BUI to inake temporary provMon tor the management end improvement of uitoonra. By Mr. BLAOK That en addreas be presented to the Governor praying that His Excellency win be pleaaed to cause to bo laid on the table of the Boose, in the caw of the Queensland Mortgage and Investment Company crrtwOrimley ?nd L Oopyof the answer* toy the jury to the questions referred to them by the Cblel Jojtice. t. Oopy of the aunren to the aaldqneeUona by Uie Chief Juattoe. Z. Oopy ot the judgment ot the Chief Justioe on the i. Oopy ot the Judgment ot the PuU Court on appeal. ? MINERAL LANDS (SALES) BILL. Thibd Khadiko. On the motion of the' SECRETARY FOB LANDS (Hon. A. S. Cowley), this Bill was read a third time, passed, and ordered to be trans mitted to the Legislative Council lor their con currence, by message in the usual form. . OOMPANIEB <WINDING-UP) BILL. .. Thibd Rkamko. ' ,, On the motion of thp COLONIAL SECRE TARY, this Bill *u read a third time, pasted, and orderod to be returned to the Legislative Council, with ameesago inviting their concurrence in the amendment* made ty the Assembly in tin Bill. JUSTICES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. ? On the Order of the Day. being -read for the third reading of this Bill, ' The COLONIAL SECRETARY said : Mr. Speaker,-Before this Bill is read a third time I desire to point out that an important clerical mistake occurs in the Sod clause. The clause refer* now to the "lGIat section of the Justioe* Act." There Is no such Act, and I propose to amend the Bill by moving the Insertion of the words "of 1880 " after the word "Act" Amendment agreed to. TamD READtso. On the ^notion of the COLONIAL SECRE TARY, the Bill was read a third time, passed, and oraered to be returned to the Legislative CounoiL with a message, inviting the concurrence of, the Couneijin the' amendments made by the Legislative Assembly. PROPOSED MOTION FOR ADJOURN MENT. Mr. WATSON" said; Mr. Speaker,-I wish to bring ft matter tinder the jriotioe of the House, andlsh&U; move.the adjournment of the House. The SPEAKER: The hotL member cannot move the adjontnment of the House without in thalfirst. instance .stating In writing the matter which-he wishes to bring undtfr the. notice ><of the Houao. I, refer ,the hott. member to Standing Order lSO, -the lit paragraph of which states- . ''Amotion for theadjournment of the House,other than <Uie usual motion to terminate tteatttug tof the HoUieattbe ewlot the business o( the day, Mull not be entertained, oxcopt for the purpose of dobattna a Aqflnlte ^natter ot urgent pnllllo -Unportanoo, the »ul> 3bci ot Arlilch Tie4 befen first stated to ^/Speiflcerln If '..'"'.I" Teat J«ia.irelJatfnar)' 'stop-tti bttane.tiiroagh beforo thphoz^ nj^bcdber cab move his motioh, . ; Mr. WATSONr. I believe t am i&.poa&etaiion; of; the flhair,:abd I desxre.to move :the 'adjotira mSnt ij , iri :/{ .iThe SPEAKER: The hen. member'caniiot move the adjournment 'of 'the House -unleeftuby oomplyinft whh tliB -conditions lald'downintfie 180th Standing Order.1 . ;.i.- ;'i w ' itrC'WA^IBON 'i ^hftn I will && notice, pf it lor to-morrow .??>???? .. ??. ... SUPPLY. RESUMPTION OF COMMITTEE. On this Ordor of the Day being read, Tba SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS (Hon. T. O, Unmaok) said: Mr. Speaker,-I move that yon do now leave the chair. Question put and passed. COMMITTER. BAIIWAT8-BOUTHEEN DIVISION. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that £409,714 be granted for railways Southern division. The first item to which he would direct attention was the vote of £426 for superintendent of signals and stations, which had been transferred from the Loan Esti mates. The next was the redaction in the vote for maintenance of pennaneut way. Some reference had been made during yesterday's debate to the results of the servioes of the Commissioners, and he thought that a suit able opportunity to point out that that vote was reduced, though the mileage of railway to he attended to had increased. The Estimates, as a whole, showed a reduction of £1,768; but the actual reduction on the Railway Estimates for. the' year amounted to the very gratifying sum of £20,460, inaamuoh as there were 125 miles additional of lines to maintain, and the maintefltace per mile costing £106 per year, thatcameto£lj),2S0. X5,452had been transferred from the Loan Estimates, and the reduction actually shown was £L758: so that really those Estimates had been reduced by £20,460. Mr. HYNE: You could reduoe them by another £20,000 if you liked. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said he would be glad if they could do so. Mr. HYNE: You can if you knock all the hands off. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said he hoped they would be able to still further reduce the vote, and at the satae time keep up the efficient working of the railways. Mr. HYNE: Ah t That's the rub. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said there was a small increase of £200 in the item for cartage, brought about by the increase in the wool traffic. There was an increase from £14,550 to £16,800 for stores and contingencies, because the vote for last year did not prove sufficient. The only other item to whioh he would direct attention was JCIOO gratuity to the widow of the late driver Griffiths, which represented the final payment on that account Mr. ALLAN said he desired to bring under the notice of the Minister a matter upon whioh there-had been & good deal of correspondence ; that was the rate lor the carriage of flour from the Cunningham district, and from the town of Allora, where there were recently two mills. One had been sbut up in consequenoe of the prohibitive. railway tariff on flour. At the present moment in Warwick there was a mill in a congested state, having 200' tons of flour, and wheat , sufficient to make another 300 tons, but they were unable, to get rid of that simply on account of the rate charged for flour. It was an extraordinary anomaly that the flour and wheat rate in Queensland should exist nowhere else. In New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand the wheat and flour rates were exactly the -same. They were also lower than in Queensland, where, takingadistance of ISO miles, they charged on flour about £2 10s. a ton, and on wheat 16s. No logical reason could be shown for that, as flour took up less room and weighed less than wheat. A ton of wheat was 2,240 lb., and of flour 2,000 lb. In that way the farmers and millers were handicapped in the production of treads tuffs. In the district of Warwick and Cunningham there were over.14.000 aores under wheat in 1891, and there would be nearly double this year. Far more wheat would lie produced in the Downs districts than could be ground in all the mills in Warwiok, Toowaomba, Cunning ham, or Bri&ane.; Therefore, there was no object in sending the flour to Brisbane. The Brisbane mills were not able to supply anything like the Brisbane wants; and if flour couid be brought down here the Brisbane millers would be assisted in keeping out the foreign article. The -protectionist tann- bad induced many men from the south to come op here, and he knew of five who had come here to take up 6,000 acres of land at £3 an acre, but they bad some douCts about the railway freights- He could see no object at all in the railway tariff, unless it was to handicap the outside people against load producers. They talked about settling people on the land pnd giving employment, und yet -they handicapped the.up-oountry plaoes and put a prohibitive tariff on their produce. It was said that if that was not done the imported wheat could not be distinguished from theloc&l; wheat j but that did not apply to the Warwick dis trict, beoaqse all the flour there was made from looally-grown wheat. He trusted the Minister would .be able to ieee his way - to assimilate the rates, and make them the name as, in. the other colonies. Taking ,a distance of UO.imles-the rates in Queensland jffere from 7s. lld. pfir ton ,to to/New- South Wales, 12s. «d the. rim journey and lis,; J.0d, dpwn ; in, Victoria, 12a., 4o,j Jnj Bopth ,Aufe Walls,, Us. 7d. Fiour. was: taken at , the agri cultural ,,produoe t»te .jn those .places ; <rat here.therste on the manufactured article. Was jumped up tofourtipiesap,much.; . The.gulway authorities..here .were asking eight times Has much,for the .carriage of flour as in Kew South . We peoplpdid pot. object to paying « higher rate for, agricultural produce I ,-but'they da,gl)Jwt when the jvbeat was mads i into, flour." to toy? that «j£brbjt«mt .rate charged. -.,&«, hoped the Minister would be able to cive «ome ^oou «es4ion,.fuid aUo.wtheontside mills to bttve a fair atweoftheNortherniand(outsidetrade.-,, "^hB'SEpgEIARVilFOftjRAILWAVS said heihaApaid iOsfefu^attention to the remarkaof ' the hon. member, and hafailedto see thathe hid i vma.qay.1 wgumeut.;.whatever, fit favour of-a o^«T%t>oMp5f osisegarded the tariff.o»Jtor. | The question had been discussed in the Bouse each year since he had hnd charge of the depart ment, and ft was now brought up again without any further proof being adduced, except that one mill was overloaded with 200 tons of flour, and with wheat enough to turn into another 300 tons. That was the reason why they were asked to carry flour at the rates for agricultural produce. Now, if suoh a demand was made, good reason ought to be shown for it. Possibly all the mills might have surplus stocks, but what was the cauBe of that? It was not because there was not a demand in the district tor the flour. There was plenty oi demand in the district for that quantity of flour. During last year there were sent from Brisbane into that district-to Toowoomba and beyond-- ! L801 tons of flour. That was conclusive proof that there wae a short supply of floor in the district last year. During the nine months of the j present year, ending on the 30th September last, I the quantity of flour sent from Brisbane to Too- j woombaand beyond w<ui 1,157 tons. Theremustbe something wrong in the trade of the district if thev allowed'Brisbane, which was handicam>ed with a large freight, to send up such a luge quantity of flour, a good <3eal of which went even I beyond Warwick. That handicap was at the rate of JB2 lis. lOd. a ton. Such being the case, the Warwick millers had no reason to complain that theycouldnot sell their flour. He under stood that Hie whole of that 1,157 tons was sent to order. There must be something wrong whether in the flotir, the prioe, or the terms and conditions, it -was not for him to say; but ft was en unanswerable aigument that so long as there was such a large quantity of flour eent from Brisbane into the district, there must be some reason why theyshould not sell their own flour and drive the Brisbane flour*out of their market. Then the hon. .'member asked to have flour carried at agricultural rates. That looked fair and reasonable on the face of it; bat the Go vernment had to look at it from the financial point of view. Ever since railways were started in the colony flour had been chaiged at a high rate-a much higher rate than was chaiged in the other colonies. The reason for that, he un derstood, was that as the squatters were the persons chiefly beneBted in thpse days by the construction of railways, and as they wen also the chief consumers of flour, the high rate was put on in order to make them con tribute in some measure towards the construction of the railways. He freely admitted that the rate of freight was high, but the colony was in Buch a position that no matter bow earnest might be their desire to carry flour at agricultural rates they could not possibly undertake the loss. If they were to reduce the freight on flour to agricultural rates, it would mean a reduction of 02 per cent;, which represented a sum of £17,683. He would ask anyone was -the Treasurer in a position to forego a revenue of .£17,683 for (he purpose of 'Carrying all the flour at agricultural rsitesT Mr.HYNE: Why not make a special rate for that district? the SECRETARY FOB RAILWAYS said that so Idng .as lie was at the head 6f ..the department Jbe would never consent to make one rate for one party mod another rate for others. Besides, there was a special clause in lite Act Sinhibiting him from .making differential rates. [e might state that When the proposals for the increased tariff were submitted tighteen.months ago, the Commissioners plainly stated that they regretted the fact that they were unable to recommend . reduction in the flour rate. They were very anxious, and bo was he, that it should be reduced j .but; In the ppsent state of the revenue it was utterly impossible, fie would willingly reduce the entire tariff if be oould. But withiqgatd to the Warwick millers, hemust repeat that so long as they had suoh a large quantity of flour, in (he district-where they haa a pro tection through the railway tariff-they really had no right to ask for a' reduction. His per sistent refusal to grant the request had been ascribed to bis stubbornness. But if it was stubbornness it did not rest with him; it was not a matter of choice; it was a duty he bad under taken, Mid hrhich he was bound to carry out. The tariff on agricultural produce, taken as a whole. !Was as low if not lower than in some of the other colonies, although in the other oolunies they charged less for the carriage of merchandise as well. He was certain the Committee would endorse the opinions he had expressed in regard to granting differential rates. ' Mr. ALLAN said that be was glad to hear the hon. gentleman admit that 'he had a very badcase.' 1 The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS: I did not admit that. . Mr; ALLAN said that the hon. gentleman had failed to explain why the raw . material, wheat was Carried at 16s. .whilst 'the manufactured article, flour, had to pay. £2 10a. per ton. -The hon. jgentleinaniSaid that jio harm was .done to the.pfeople ion the. Downs, but harm-was being done; and.if the tariff oontinued' they would either have to close their mills or work half- time, whilst it-meant that fresh mlllsivould be started in .Brisbane, .iXt.iiroiddiiiot luut' dio .istnnu^ becnuseifct present the Downs men were cot send ingja^ythtoft down, and the flourthelion. gentle mknlreferred to went out We*t«to Roma and Charlerillei No ; flour went , ito the'Warwick district, and. no: flour, ;came from there,in con sequence <5f.theprohibitiverateBii.HewouldMad extracts from' eotrie.letfcers he 'hid received show ing £h» feeling in<lthe.Vlistriotiin:njgwd to.tbe matter. ..-The !fint rwa»frtira.Mr. de Oohloy, chairman ofitbe-Waririak MfllingOompany.He ; Mid«ii"!W.<.s-.!i ii.u!s "IT ..«..!»" .in. i'?M«laa'tfa&lMnatiaM; fcan^SM afMhlV'TtfrT slight re4iu*hra, t»liUit ,th« .(Mgtit m Bouil nmsln at Hit for Uie fexpraapbqiaM OTstVtaw * inoaopdlr M'tU Wlttmiiqflilller*, It woull M tart to pndetstend w&y.; it Then further 011 he said " It has been said that the matter of flour la only a talller's affair. Nothing of tho kind. What affect* the local miller affects the farmer and everyone else employed on the Downt. If thla It to beoome * great vrheat- growing centre-and there li enough good land on the Downs to onpplc the colony with breadstuff-un restricted rmight facility must be given to our raw and manufactured products to place uln > position to compete on a fair footing vim the Imported article. U thla was done Itthouldiiot be bard to tolvo the labour difficulty, With a large output of grain bundroda more men might be employed, A remedy lor this freight grievance Is looked for at once, and relief should be prompt and amplo. It scorns strange while we bare statesmen who understand Imperial affairs and ahino in federal concerns that there Mtoifld be such a dearth of practical politicians who could > grapple and success fully oope with a matter or this kind." Then he : would quote Mr. Johnston, who bad been mayor of Warwiok, and was a largo store keeper, and knew the district well. The SECRETARY FOE RAILWAYS: A director of another flour mill. Mr. AXLAN said that the directors of flour mOla were the best authorities on that Subject. Mr. Johnston said " No doubt you are aware that a'fkrar-mUl has been erected In Boma last year; It Is, I understand, supply ing a considerable amount of tbe Western trade. It Is . new industry, and I wish it every. success, but by the present railway tariff unfair advantage Is also given to the Soma miller over the Downt millers, for example, the present tallage on pour from Warwick to Ho ma is SI Is. Id.per ton, while wheat Is oarrledel£l«s. fld. per ton ; this gives the Soma miller a clear profit or £2 Ma. 74. per ton on every ton of flour over the Downs miller. By this you will notice that tho Western as well as the Brisbane mUlershavean unfair advantage as wdH as a monopoly In the flour trado over the Downs millets through the present partial and onesided rail way tajifl." He would read on extract from a letter written by Mr. Archibald, the owner of another flour tnill, who bad been too shrewd to buy up in the same way as the others, because he hut thought the tariff would not be low enough, fehd so he had not got into a mesa. He wrote, .on the 90th of this month " The harvest now almost on us Is likely to be retj good,and largely In excess Of the requirements of bo til Downs and Brisbane mills. . . " There Is no earthly reason why one ton Sour should not be tailed at wheat rates/seelus the bulk is Identical, but with thla difference: JFfeM* Is t^Mlh., whilst flour is only 2,000 lb. All other colonies, Including New Zealand. rail flour and wheat, because IlOttr Is only wheat in another form. .... "The Brisbane trade alone is br In excess of the limited capacity of -the Brisbane' mills, and will be always so; the Wnlster is, therefore, by his policy only encouraging the Introduction of supplies of foreign flour - " The BriibanesiiHen are sot only not Ma Olsadran tage, but a positive advantage, over the Downs mills, because they hare InHrlsbatoe the bran and pollardln the wheat ruled from the Downs at Wheat rates Instead of at bran anil pollard rates , .. Much bitterness, to my knowledge,exists against the Government tor their short-sighted policy in thus hindering, bythelr arbitrary and prohibitive railage rates on flour, the prosperity of the most Important staple Industry of this colony." In every other colony up-coiratry mills were enoouraged. Tn New South Wales there axe fifty-tour country mills, whilst there ate only three in Sydney; but in Queensland there are tiro in Brisbane and only viz up-country, the soventh having been closed on aooDuht of the exorbitant railway rates. It h)w Blnoe been burned down. Mr. CALLAN said that be had never listened to any speech made by the Seoretary for Bail ways which contained so little, although so lengthy. The hon. member for Cnnningham had asked why wheat was carried for 16s. per !ton of 8,840 lb., whilst floor was charged £2 10s. per ton of 2,000 lb., The hon. gentleman had not replied to that question in any way. Ha (Mr. Gallan) had always understood' that tba Com missioners ran the railways on '.oomtaeroial prin ciples ; but he could not understand why they should charge IBs. per tonof 2,240 lb. of wheat and a much higher rate tor a ton of Sour. Boine of the wheat brought down to Brisbane was no doubt sent back Wwt as Adelaide flour. It was a most unfair arrangement. What did it matter whether a train carried wheat, or flour, orooal, so long as it had a load t' Mr. SMYTH said that grievance about the carriage of flour was brought up everyyear. The people in.the district he represented had to pay £2 lOe. aton for the carriage of goods from Mary borough, a distance of sixty-onp milea; but they did not complain. Warwick people got their prodaoe carried 160 miles for about toe same rate, and yet they were always complaining.' It seemed to him that it was not a grievanoe of the farmers, but of the flour-millers. The fad that wheat-was carried down to Brisbane for 16s. a ton, while the up- oarriage of flour was £2 10s. a ton, showed that farmers had a choice of markets. . He *ras getting sick <ol thatgrifevanoe about flour, corn, «haff, or . pumpkins being brought forward every year. One would imagine that the Downs jwas the whole cplony. There Were no oomplaints/rom miners, of grievances in connection ^thrailyraycarriage,^ The only grievance brought forward in connection with his district was «nementwwad by the': hon. member for/Maryborough, Mr.Iiyne, which was a selfish grievance, He was disgusted with ) bearing-so frequents'the same speeches with large quota tions of figures and ewtaots tm the ^ainesubjsct. Mr. BAKLQW said he voted against the duty bn flour «n. prinoiple, but at the same time he desired: to lie friendly terms with the Downs representatives. There was *' jgood deal, in the contention of the htm. rnwmbm.for/Ounttlngham. In New South Wales there was a differential tariff, and 4iu|>la&s.;'lUca Tata worth, Wierothere wprd laim Hour rfilllii, !the looedly-ground floor wasckrriedata lowdr rate than flour Whioh went up to compete *ith thebAlonialbrtkle. lAtay^wrv eon whoioallediilmselfieven'-a.moderatp protee tftinistJiiiistseeUieneoeslrjtytatryingtbtDcOnrage tbe growth-of their (nhufvodue^ although they might ^not be j disposed to' do that by*' .tax /on bread)- Hfc Jiadnoverbeon able to-undirstand the railway; classification iratoej .weight was weight everywhere. He could understand tatroUa which required a very large space in a train, or .*xtraeaief or articles which involved extra risk -*?, fta, dyn«Dtt*» gunpowder, and lucifer «£tehes-betoff charged an additional rate: but .why should 2,000 lb. of flour bo charged about *brec times as much as 2,240 lb. of wheat? He .could not follow the principle upon wtrfcli the ?daasification waa made, though he admitted the same tiling prevailed in the other colonics. .Surely id a cafte likei that tinder considcra .taon it would bo quite possible, cither by filamentary or Executive authority, to wake 4i differential rate in favour of colonial flour. * »V wo.u^ no^ ^e a Racial rate in favour 'l* j j1 , or U, which was expressly for* 'Jgdden by tho Railways Act. His desire, and * ..that of other hon. members, was to lmvo those matters investigated with a view, if possible, to ..-put down tho discontent which undoubtedly . existed in inanyplacos in connection with rail .way freights. Mr. HYNE said it did uoom an anomaly that .thero should be a different rate for the earn aire of corn and the carriage of flour, and he -should *ike to have tbo matter explained. The hon. anember for Gympie was unjust and ungentle- i ?manly in eaying that be (Mr. Hyne) brought i °T?f? a fftievaDC® the previous evening for i ^elfish motives, after he had explained that lie mentioned it with a desire to have remedied a grievance suffered by men who ' 'jiiuld not hety themselves, and were more is J ykehablt of wielding an 6lb. axe than writing ' wters to the Commissioners or tbe Government. ! «e would not gain one farthing by the removal I the grievance. I Mr. GANNON said the hon. member fori ^Cunningham had made out a very good case, I «nd it waa to be hoped that it would be taken 1 into consideration by the Railway Depart- i .oient. It was a short-sighted policy on I the part of the Commissioners to fix the rates so high as they had done They i wad * classification which* no one in the' vorla could understand. For instance, there was « chaigeof £2 15s. for the carriage of a liht Yankee cart, weighing about CO lb. and costtwr J8, lor a distance of 140 or 150 miles: andl barouche, Victoria, or omnibus, worth JC200 or was carried at the same rate. When ' jhafc was taken in comparison with the dif "fferent freights upon flour and wheat, no one £onld understand such a classification, lie .Secretaiy. for Railways bad held up to them *ne larget amount saved by the Commissioner* i won maintenance, and so on; but he (Mr. ^Gannon) had quoted last night a statement from i .*ne of tbe Auditor-GeneraP* papers showing a loss of £6,300 that there was no getting « . wpuld like to know if that sum Jad been taken off tho £18,000 they were told \- load been saved lately? The SECRETARY TOR RAILWAYS said i "J. 10 the fWment* Med, it appeared that wbat bon. members desired was to Save a tariff framed by which a ton of one kind of stuff, no ^natter what, Bhould he carried at the same rate as a ton of any other kind. But the framing of a railway tariff was a most intricate matter, and ?it often baffled the most eminent experts of the various railway departments throughout the world. He could wish hon. raemborsluok of the carfff they would be able -to frame themselves, tie confessed, as a layman, that there appeared Jobe apumbre of anomalies in their tariff, but ne did not profess to fully understand the framing -of a tariff. They had the results at which .experts had arrived, and they must abide by j them unless they could teaoh them better, and wj waa afraid there was no member of the Com mittee who conld do that. Mr. BARLOW: To get the maximum *of rrevenue out of the minimum of ttaffio is the object or a railway tariff, The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said *he system advocated waa that a ton weight of wheat orflourorof anything else should be carriod the same rate; but theyroou!d not get persons Acquainted. with railway wanaffemerifcto advocate «ich a tiling as that. The hon. member for Uunmngham and other hon. members suggested that the manufactured article should becarried At the same rate .as the raw material ? Mr. ALLAN: In the particular Instance of arbeat and flour. .. The SECM1TAKY FOB RAILWAYS said that if they aid it in that instance they must do »t in every other. The manufactured article was Inwriably ijarned at a higher rate than the raw =£ttide. Take woo), for instanoe, and the manufac cureotweedsmadeatlpswich. Theseartlcleswere cn exactly the same footibg as wheat and flour. again, leather paid a much.Jower rite than manufactured leather goods. The same thing TiaMgood with respect to timber'and furaltuie: And to almoBt every Instance the manufactured article l^d a higher rate than the raw material. . Mr. ALLAN: Only in Queensland; in "the '-matter of wheat and flour. ' The SECRETARY FOE RAILWAYS eatd "I ?.ot 8°lng w sPUt hairs, and arouo the -whole thing over again. He was told he bad .given no reason for tho differential rates on .wheat and flour, bijt be bad given the very best Tee son-the financial reason. They could not intBilnSl- the present time.to lose a revenuoof SB17,W0ra order to carry flour at agricultural rates. The hon. member for Cunningham bad said the Tsrfsbane miller* were placed in a better position than those on the Downs, because the by-pro 'ducts werecarried allow agricultural rates. That consideration bad not -entered his head. 'fcpt, as a matter of fact, the Downs millers had '5 Kfeat advantage over the Brisbane millen in Jaring their wheat delivered at their doors. The lion, jnember had read three letters, all from gentlemen connected with Downs mills, but bis ?answer was that the farmers grew and sold wheat, not flour, an8 by firing the low agricul tural rate for wheat, as they had done; they 'hid given the farmer a chance of getting rid of Ju produce. That was the chief thing tbey had "*° to. The fanner was 'benefited in every _way by the low rate on wheat, as he was not tied to tbe monopoly of the Downs millers. A ^rlcet was to him far his wheat In every .tpim In wbidi there wasa flour-mill. The ray .the non. member raised waa from three or four .Jnulers on the Downs* All the millers on tbe Downs. "The SECRETARY FOE RAILWAYS said St-"" m* from aU the millen. ? The Roma ?«mer did not oontylainj Sn'fcot, Mr. Kates had ?requested that the tariff should not 'be lowered .on my consideration. WjjeUldtLLAN: 8*ts his : wheat from The SECRETARY FOE RAILWAYS ? If tie oould not get it from the Downs he had (odd tMf? ,/lwV >»thewone foThta.^ J" AdeWde. because he had .tten to pay so much more for the Damum and also the duty upon It. The matter hsdbeen dis xnMed K> often that te did not see how any «ew IiKht could now be thrown tapon it! and the '2£f^ took wm that, in view of the state of finanoee, be oould not afford to any ^iteration. Mr. LUYA said there could be bo question that that was essentially a Warwick grievance. He tbouglit when those interested got 4d. a bushel duty on wheat no more would be heard of those fcrievanoes. The cause advocated byi.be' lion. member for Cunningham waa really a millere' cause. lie saw some of the farmers who came down lately to sell their wheat, and they were perfectly satisfied. Referring to the 2)000 lb. going to the ton of flour, and 2,240 lb. to a ton of wheat, it must be understood that ten bagsof flour went to the ton, and it took eight or nine of wheat to a ton. Wheat was always earned at the rate of 2,240 lb. to the ton, exoept when special arrangements were made, as in tho case of the long and short tons. It was the duty of the Commissioners to get the' produce to the best : market, and why should the farmer be handi capped for the sake of the miller? Let tbe grower. of the raw produce get his product to the best market he i>ossibly could.. The Warwick millers wanted to keep all the wheat on the Downs, and did not want anyone else to have it. They tried that last year and burnt their fingers, which they would do again if they tried it. He | hoped they would not keep the House session after session discussing their grievances, because ! they ought to be eatistied with the present duty on wheat. Mr. SMYTH said the Minister, said lost year that,* box of fruit weighing? 50 lb. could be carried from Stanthorpe to Brisbane for Is. He had taken a bunch of flowere to Gympie, a dis tance of J. 00 miles, and was charged Is.; and on a small box of plants, weighing 20 lb., he was charged 4s~ Sd. That was where the profit came in. The small articles were made to pay for the reduced tariff on the larger cuticles. Mr. BARLOW said was it note.sound protec tionist argument that the manufacture should be carried on where the article was grown ? If that principle was applied to the wheat in the War* wick district then DO colonial produce would compete against any other. When the Secretary Cor Railways said he would low £17,000 of revenue he supposed he meant revenue derived from the whole of the flour carried on tho rail ways; but the loss would be comparatively small if a differential rate was adopted in favour of colonial-made flour. What connection was there between the freight on the sea-borne flour . from Townsville to Hughenden aud the question of the railway system of Sputh Queensland ? There was be no just 'ground upon wbioh a i>erson in Hughenden could complain ^ of what, was done for the protection of Warwick flour. The hon. gentleman might veiy well make the allowanco on the Southern system ©f railways without at all interfering with the people of the Nqrth. They forgot the vast extent of Queensland, and that tiooktown was 1,005 miles from Brisbane, or as far from Brisbane as Adelaide. What effect could the reduction of the tariff hare on flour carried on the Cook town railway ? The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said tbequestion of charging a differential rate on locally made flour was fully answered by him on the lost occasion the railway tariff was discussed, and it was an absolute impossibility to carrjr it into effect, becauso no man alive could distinguish locally made flour from imported flour. The result would be that wbeneverflour was tendered upon any railway as locally made flour, it would be taken at the reduced rate, and probably the whole of the flour would be carried at the differential rate. It was impossible to devise any safeguards by which they would secure that the proper rate would be paid. Mr. ALLAN said the uon. gentleman's argn rnent was not applicable. There was no wbea used in his district except locally grown wheat. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS: There Is plenty of imported wheat used In Roma. Mr. ALLAN said his district used nine-tenths of all the wheat grown in tho colony. In 1891 the Darling Downs grew 18,324 acres of wheat, and all the rest of the colony only L05S acres; therefore, when he spoke of the Darling Downs he was speaking of a part of the colony that had a'right to be heard in the matter; Therawas nolmported wheat used at the Warwick and Allora mills. He had not yet got a satisfac tory answer from the Secretary for Railways as to how it was that the manufactured article was charged more than three times as much as the raw material. With regard to differential rotes, he had never asked for them. If a differential rate was given to the district be represented for flour made from looally*$rown wheat, it should be given ito every other district. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS: How will you make up the loss of £17,000 ? Mr. ALLAN said Uiat bad nothing whatever to do with flour made from locally'grown wheat) it was revenue derived from imported flour sent to the Northern and Central districts, < which would not be interfered with. Mr. CALL AN said the grievance was not, as stated by the hon. member for South;Brisbane, a Warwick grievance solely, but one which affected the entire colony. It appeared to be a most unfair arrangement to make'such an enormous difference in the freight of wheat1 and of flour, and he suspected the Secretary for Rail ways himself must nave had a band in framing the tariff. The HON. P. PERKINS add the Secretary for Railways had given &o; reason wliy the rate on flour should not be reduoed, excepting that there would be a certain loss of revenue. He was not satisfied with the excuse that because £17.000 would-be lost there should be no change in the tariff. Money was being lost elsewhere by the blunders that bad been made, and £17,000 could hardly be considered a loss when they saw the public money going out by the back door, and the front door, and in every direction. -He did not object to tnere-tying some difference on the rate between wheat and flour, but the existing difference was something extraordinary. It-was evident, . however, that, even if the -reduction asked for wasmaae, the farmer would not derive much benefit from it, neither would he derive much advantage from the import duty on wheat. Mr. McMASTER said that for years put it had been reokoned a hardship that the Downs fanners should be compelled to sell their wheat to the local millers at whatever price nttght be offered, because they oould not compete with the wheat that was introduced into the colony free of duty. Now., that an Import doty of 4d. a bushel had been imposed on wheat, it was the Downs millers who were dissatisfied, because the fanners oould find a market lor their wheat in Brisbane, whereas they themselves wished to grind It and send It to Brisbane in its manufao- i cured state. The whole question seemed to be one of jealousy between the millers on the Downs and the millets In Brisbane, and between them there was the danger that the farmer would not gain one iota from the imposition of the duty on wheat. There were millers in Brisbane prepared to buy i the wheat grown by the Downs farmers, but the I Downs millets <iid not want the farmers to send 1 their wheat Anywhere but to their own .mills, That wu absurd. It was taking away all tbe benefit from the farmer, and playing into the bands of a} few individuals-perhaps a score in all--who 'were interested in the mills. It would be thought that thupresent rates were in favour of the farmers. They hnd beon for years trying to devise some means of inducing people to settle on the land, and now that men were growing wheat they wero told that they must not send their wheat to Brisbane, hut must have it manufactured on the Downs. The argu ments were altogether in favour of the Commis sioners and of the people of Brisbane. If the Do>vns millers wero not able to sell all the produce of tho wheat grown there, why. should not the raw material be sent at the low rate to the Brisbane mills, seeing there was a large -market in Brisbane ? The lion, inember for Cunningham had referred to one talll which had 200 tons of flour in stock which they were unable to soli. But had the farmers received anything more for their wheat ? If they sent it to Brisbane or Maryborough they would probably get more, as they would nave a wider market, lie protectionists cried out for the consumption of what they.grew in the colony, and it did not mattor whether tbfe flour was consumed in Warwick or in Brisbane, so long as the farmers were able to compete successfully with the wheat producers in the other colonies. He had not heard any complaint from tho farmers. It was the millers who wished to send down the flour at a cheap rate, to compete with the Brisbane millers, who had to pay 4d. a bushel on imported wheat.' The hon. member for Cunningham had only argued in ' favour of the millers, and not shown his UBUOI i interest in the farmers. ' Mr. ALLAN said that the millers and the fanners were the same persons in reference to the mill with a stock of zOO tons of flour and 300 tons of wheat. It was the co-operative farmers' mill, and the shareholders were some 100 farmers of Warwick and Allora; so that the farmers took a very solid interest in the matter. He was speakingsolely in their interests. Tbe hon. member for oouth Brisbane had taken up the sauie argument, and that hon. gentleman /was well aware that what he had just said was a fact. The interests 6f the farmers and the millers could not be divorced. If the millers on the ground wore Willing to give a good nrice for the wheat, he did not see why they shoura not have an opportunity of keeping their mills going; but, as a matter of fact, they could not do that. Mr. POWERS Raid the argument appeared to.be that all tbe wheat that could not oe con sulted in Warwick must be manufactured in Brisbane or Maryborough. If the wheat not required for consumption on the Downs had to be manufactured for the consumption of the Brisbane people it would be a benefit to the farmers to have ft. manufactured on the Downs if they could send the flour down at a lower rate. Tbe millers would be able to give a better price to the fanners than -they could give when they were handicapped by the heavy freight on flour. He could not see how the department would lose £17,000 unless tbe Secretary for Railways granted the whole concession asked for. -The non. member for Cunningham had proved that it was not impracticable by the Instances he had . cited ofTamworth and other places. The argument about the tariff having been framed by experts might be brushed aside, because those experts had received their training in countries where the railways were owned by companies whose interests were to make the lines as profitable as possible. It was very different where tbe railways were owned by the State, whose aim was to induce settlement on the land: and the hon. member for Cunningham had proved that in all the colonies where; the tail* ways were owned by the State,- the experts bad come to the conclusion that It was wise to frame their tariffs with a view to encouraging settle ment. So long as the present railway tariff was in operation, the surplus wheat on the Downs would have to be manufactured in Brisbane and not on the Downs. Mr. LUYA: A good job, too, because it gives the fanners a market. Mr. POWERS said thfet the hon. gentleman was a miller and a representative ofBrisbane. The farmers were quite as much interested in asking for a change as the Downs millers, and he hoped the hon. member for Cunningham would bring tbe question forward year after year until be got some concession. Mr. STEVENSON said the hon. member for Cunningham brought that matter forward year after year, and hon. tnembera got more fogged over it every time-it was discussed. He (Mr. Stevenson) could not see why locally manu factured flour should be carried at a cheaper rate than other 'flour, and hoped that neither roe Obtn fnissioners nor the Minister'would be induced to alter the tariff in that direction. He did not believe that any concessions would satisfy the members who represented tho farmers on Darling Downs. He would like Very much, if it could be arranged, to give the fanners there the free use of the railway for twelve months, in-order to see if that would satisfy them. He did not believe it would. They had several branch railways on the Downs-one to Crow's Nest, one to Pitts worth, and another to Killarney. When those lines were passed it was said that the formers were 'willing to pay anything, and would guarantee that the railways would pay; but the moment a tariff was put on, with a view to make them pay. the farmers got up in arms, and in effect saia they could not pay those rates, and wanted their flour carried almost for nothing. He had travelled in that district, and, as far as he coold see, tbe farmers were a fairly prosperous class of people; and he did not wonder at the Seoretaiy for Railways getting sick and tired of that eternal hubbub about tbe grievances of the Darling Downs farmers. Mr. QLASSET . said that hon. members should have a little patltaoe with other hon. members who had grievances to bring forward in connection with the districts they represented. The hon. member for Cunningham was 'quite justified in bringing that question forward, as it was one which affected not only the farmers and millers of the Darling Downs, but also every class of the community, especially those living in akd around: Brisbane. If wheat was manufac tured into flour in the districts where It was grown, and tbe flour was tarried at £1 instead of £210s. a ton, the people in Brisbane and else where wouldbe able to buy it at a cheaper rate. When the proposed import duty of £1 a ton on flour was mnder consideration, ft was urged again and again that it was a tax on the poor man's loaf; and- the eame argument applied with even greater force to the heavy freight on flour manu factured from wheat grown In the colony. It was unfair to say that those persons who grew wheat on the Darling Downs should be oompelled to send their wheat to Brisbane or elsewhere, even though it was carried at a moderate rate. The Secretary for Railways gave substantial reasons, from uis point of -view, why the freight could pot be redlioed-namely, tint tfafe revenue would ouffer very materially.; The boo. gentle man- also said that tbe odSk pf* tbe j&rsons; who consumed flour in the, outside districts were the squatters, and that they were being made ,to pay for the benefit tney had got by the construction of railways. But did not other persons besides squatters benefit by the construction of railways ? Thoao who hod re* ceivcd the benefit should give something in re turn ; and he would suggest that a reasonable tax should bo imposed on all landa which bad been benefited by the construction of railways. He hod visited the Darling Downs district from lime to time, and tbe farmers with whom he bad couio into contact had all complained that the Government, in chargiug a high rate on flour, were not treatfng1ibe& in an equitable manner. He knew that was tbe case at Clifton, and arouud Warwick, Allora, and elsewhere. They did not produce sufficient breadstuffs 'for their own wants, and it was therefore their duty-to offer the utmost facilities to persons to grotf wheat and to manufacture it into .flour in the districts in which it was grown. He conld not see that much attention was shown to oommercial principles if such a rate was to be put upon .the carriage of flour from tbe Downs that they could not afford to send it to the market here at nil. From a commercial point of view it was better to cany 5G0tons at a reusouable rate than 100 tons at an excessive rate. The Secretary for Railways had suggested that the Commissioners were to be congratulated on the fact that there was a saving of some £13,000 on the maintenance vote, though 120 additional miles had to be attended to; but he did not consider the Commissioners should bo congratulated upon It at all, seeing tbe way they had effected it. Sinoe the extension of the mileago, tbe maintenance men had had a considerable addition made to the lengths they had to attend to, and if they were not under worked before the extension, they must be greatly overworked sow. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS: Not necessarily. They have better means of locomotion and communication. Mr. GLASSEY said before the extension the average length was five miles for three men and a ganger, and now the average was nearly seven miles, and it followed as night the day that they were overworked now If tuey had not been underworked previously; and very few members would Bay that they were previously under worked. Mr. NELSON : They were underworke4 before. Mr. GLASSEY said if that was so it was for the Secretary for Railways to maintain it. He demurred to tbe statement, and he knew that the additional work was not accompanied, with a corresponding increase of pay. The Commis sioners were appointed- to wore the railways on commercial principles, and the first thing they did was to increase tue toil of the lengtbsmfen, whose work was always laborious, and who were entitled to consideration for the hardships they suffered from their isolated position. Oue hon. member had interjected that a greater saving oould have been effected by dispensing with the services of a greater number of men, and it might also be effected by another addition to the number of miles the lengthsmen had to attend to; but be refused to oommend tbe Commissioners for savings ^effected in that way. Before the Commissioners took charge cleaners and others in the locomotive departmentgot Cs. Gd. aday, and now they had young men there from sixteen to nineteen years of age doing the work for 2A. 3d* a day. Savings effected in that, way would not oommend themselves to many hon. members or to many people outside. The HON. B. D. MORUHJ2AD said it was a matter for either regret"or astonishment, he did not say which, that the hon. member for Bundanba, who up to the last month or two bad occupied so prominent a position in the House, .should have, found his roice only to deal with that particular vote. One would imagine that he .had some. particular interest in it. The ,Kon. tnember had been prac tically absent from theHouse for, about *lx weeks, and now his first utterances appeared.'to be in combination with those of 'a gentleman closely allied with the Pastoral ists* Associa tion. He did not like tbe look of it, as he did not believe the lion and the lamb were likely to lie down together* The honr member, as usual, posed as the advocate of what he called the working man, and advocated the lowering of the rates upon tbe carriage of flour In oraer that the working man might get that article as cheap as possible. Would the hon. mem ber vote, as he (Mr. Morehead) would, to take the duty off flour In order that the working man might get it still more cheaply t If the hon. gentleman liad the oourage of his oonvjctlons, he would say at once he would assist him in that. The tax on flour was a most iniquitous one. Wjbat were the arguments brought forward by the hon. 'member for Cunningham and Bundanba ? That the majority of tbe people were to be taxed to -benefit the Southern and Western portion of the Darling DownB ; that the Ball way Department was to give up £17,000 of revenue. Mr. GLASSEY: Raise it by a land tax. The HON. B. D. MOREHEAD said the hon. gentleman was not yet Treasurer. He would be able, no doubt, to initiate his policy later on. The.next ohaige brought, against the Railway Commissioners was that tliey Werp managing the railways with a smaller number of men than they had before. But it had hot been asserted that thelnanagemetot of the lines was less efficient than heretofore; and commendation bhould be given to the Commissioners for liavingreduced ex penditureinthatdirection. Why should every one be taxed to have more men employed on the rail ways than tho necessities of the service required f What position would the Commissioner# be in if it was pointed out that where an easily devised economy could be effected they had refused to economise, because they did not want to work the railways with less bands t What business or oountry oould stand thfct? He was astonished when he heard the hon. member, who he thought In his period of inoubation would have produced a lamer chicken than that. No one knew better than the hon. member for Bundanba that the State had been a good milohoow for his family. No doubt they were worthy members of the Civil Service. Mr. GLASSEY: Then is a gnat deal ot cobweb about that. .... , The Hon. B. D. MOBEHEAD said the hon, gentleman did not seem to enjoy the argumcntvm adhominm. He lilced toftpplj the rod to other people's baola; but when -hu own .tod was applied to his own bade he did not like it' at au. - Was there any member in the House who had eo many immediate relatives in the Govern Sent service u the hon. member for BundanbaT e trusted the hon. member would not attempt to put any further members of his family in the Service. No doubt when his time cams bffrouM 1 BitontheTrW°I7bP5CbM. ' . Mr. GLASSBY: There is not much fear of that. The HON. B. D. MORKHEAD said be was flad to hear that. He trusted be would not. le would do all be could in fain little way to prevent the hon. member occupying that position, with regard to the action taken by the^ Com missioner?, be thought the Secretary for Raihvaya had made a complete defence. Great credit was due to both the Minister and the Commissioners for the way they had conducted their very difficult duties. Mr. GANNON Baid they had travelled a little away from the subject before the Committee. With the exception of the hon. member for Burrnm, no one had touched on the main point, that was with regard to low freights. If the Rail way Department gave low freights, it would help in causing people to take up large areas of land. With lower freights the department would reap the benefit in the sha]M! of a very large increase, of traffic, both in passenger* and in goods. _ The' rates for all descriptions of goods from Brisbane to the Downs were at least one-third higher than on any of the railways in the other colonies, and that handicapj>ed the Downs farmers very much. With lower railway freights, instead of the DownB showing their present scanty popula tion, many of the large estates would 1» cut up and settled upon, to tbe benefit of all concerned, and . certainly not least to tbe benefit of tbe Railway Department: but until that was done the country was not likely to improve; and be intended to do all he oould to help the bon. member for Cunningham to bring about the required change. There was one otber matter to which he would refer. Sometime ago a number of tricycleB, used by gangers, were im ported. Some 500 were required. He did not lmow whether tenders were called for them in the colony; if they were it was only for a small number. But he believed that if the entire 800 had been put into one tender, tbey might have been manufactured in the colony almost for the price at which tbey were im-. ported. Everything possible ought to be made in the colony, and he hoped the Commissioners would take that into consideration. He wanted to draw the attention of the Secretary for Hail* ways to a reply given to him last night. He (Mr. Gannon) asked a question -with regard to tbe work done at Towcsville by Mansfield, as locomotive superintendent, and the bon. gentle man replied that the work was very good indeed. Immediately afterwards the bon. member for Townsville contradicted the Minister's reply. He wished to know whether, upon further con sideration, the bon. gentleman was still of opinion that bis reply was correct? , Mr. BARLOW said that after the courteous reception given the other day by the Colonial Treasurer to a deputation which waited upon him with rcsnect to the proposed construction of a line from Oolton to Pialba, in the Maryborough district, be would bo wanting in his duty to bis constituents, who were deeply interested in the matter, if he failed to put in a plea on behalf of the Tivoli line. A substantial guarantee had been offered to the department for a certain return upon the Government outlay, atod be could not allow the bopeful paragraph with respect to the Pialba line to pass without notice, ana without submitting a few figures in support of his contention. Not only would a return be guaranteed, bat the line would veiy materially add to the ihineral traffic on the Southern and Western Railway, besides forming In the future a section of; the line that would be required on the. other side of the river to form a circuit-he referred to the Indooroopilly line. He would quote a few figures from ail article on the coke industry of Ipswich, which had appeared in the Courier of 18th November. 189L Mr. BLACK called attention to the state of the Committee. .Quorum formed. Mr. BARLOW isajd that the nrtlole stated that 150,000 tons of coke were imported into New South Wales for ubo at Broken Hill from otber places, principally from Wales, tbe value being JSo a ton, or rv total value of £450,000. All .that coke could be supplied from Queensland at tbe same price. To make that quantity. 300,000 tons of coal would be required, the hewing of which would amount to about £50,000; and analyses were given which showed that the. Queensland coke was" even superior to the imported article, and far superior to any otber colonial coke. He had brought tbe matter forward, beoause it was his duty, and be had put in a claim to consideration m the event of any future railway construction. He had no doubt that his constituents would form a deputation to wait upon the Treasurer, and was sure they would receive the same courtesy as tbe Pialoa deputation had received. He again resppotfully requested the attention of the Minister to the facts which bad so often been Uld before him. The outlay would not cxceed from -£13,000 to £15,000. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said the hon. member for Toorabul bad askea bim to rei>eat an answer he gave the previous evening in reference to the work done by Mr. Mandela at Townsville; He told the hon. member then that the Work had been done to the entire satis faction of the Commissioners, and it was really cot fair to ask for the same answer over and over again. However, in that case he was obliged to tbe hon. member for reix&ting; the question, be cause he had got the further infonnatioh that a few weeks after the ordinary superintendent had taken charge again he reported that the engines were in perfect order, which report refuted the statement made hy the bob. member for Towns ville, Mr. Phllp. that the engines "were not In order. It was also stated the previous day that Mr. Mansfield was not a professional man. He (the Secretary for Railways) was advised that Mr. Mansfield was' a mechanical engineer, and had gone through all the. different grades of his profession. In answer to the hon. member for fpswich, Mr. Barlow, he might eay that he was fully seized of the facts in connection with the little branch railway tbe hon. tnember was asking for. -He was thoroughly convinoed that if the line were constructed it would immediately pay work ingexpensae; butunfortunatelyinthepresentstate of tbe Treasury "he was not in a position to say that the matter would be taken in hand. But if he had anything to say on the matter whon railway construction was rammed, he should be very pleased to advocate that that should be one of tbe first lines constructed, as it was a bond ? Jbfe tieoesslty. : Mr. BARLOW said he was exceedingly obliged to tbe Minister for the oourteous way in wbiob he had answered the question. He (Mr. Barlow) did not'expect impossibilities, ana he I khew that if -the Minister commenced to con- . atruct one railway he would be asked to construct' a dozen. -All that anybody could ask was a fair start and no favour. Mr. GANNON said " a soft answer turneth away wrath." Before tbey went to tea the Minister had evidently made tip his mind not to j answer his (Mr, Gannon's) questions. The SECRETARY,FOR RAILWAYS: You are always being personal. Mr. GANNON: I was merely complimenting the hbn. gentleman. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS: I do not want your compliments. Mr. GANNON said in that case he would withdraw the compliment, because the hon. gentleman did not deserve any. A more brusque Minister there was never in that Chamber. The hon. gentleman would get his Estimates through very much easier if ho were not so brusque. Ho (Mr. Gannon) was inclined to give him a little more baiting, but he was sick and tired of it, as noeood seemed to come of it. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. Sir S. W. 1 | Griffith): So in the Committee. I Mr. DRAKE said he had brought under notice I the case of Mr. Girling, which had been previously brought before the House in the form of a peti tion. The Secretary for Railways had told bim last night that Mr. Girling did not receive com* pensation because he had been receiving a daily ¥he SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS: Be cause ho was not on the regular staff. Mr. 1)RAKE said that what the hon. gentle* man said was that Mr. Girling was not a regular omployoe, and only received a daily wage, Whilst 1 1 under the Cabinet minute compensation wai only paid tcr those who had been on the regular staff. In reply to that the hon. member for Maryborough, Mr. An near, gavo a lint of em ployees who had been paid a duly wage and received compensation. The Secretary for Rail ways said that statement was not correct, and that was a matter between those hon. mem | bars. He had been informed that part of I the statement made by the hon. member for I Maryborough was iwrfectly correct. He was in* formed that Shrigloy, Rowling, and Matthew*,: | who were referred to by the bon. member for Maryborough ae having received compensation, were paid from the same vote aa Girling, ana other caseR were similar to Girling'u. Further on he asked the Secretary for Railways whether other meu in the same position as Girling had received compensation, and the reply he got was that Girling WAB treated in the same way as i others, and no exception whatever bad been made ! in his case. He was informed how that Girling's application for compensation, approved by the | Chief Engineer, was minuted by the Commis ' sinners to tbecffect that compensation hod been paid before in similar cases, but it had been through error on their |jart. The Secretary for : Railways would have an opportunity of finding : out whether that was true or not; but if it was, j it conclusively proved that an exception was I mode in Girling'a case. Mr. PLUNKETT said that on that vote ho | would like to say that the great number of the railway employees deserved all thanks for their i courtesy and attention to their business. One thing which had struck bim in connection with the vote was the large sums put down for stores and contingencies. Those items aggregated a sum of j£5C,078 : and though, no doubt, they could be explained, he would like Jto have seen the itemB given more in detail on the Estimates. | He thought the thanks of the House and the : I country were due to the Commissioners for the I way in which they bad framed the Estimates and cut down expenditure. He would b'ke to add that, so far as his knowledge went, there was no grumbling on tho part of the employees with i respect to the aotion of the Commissioners, j They seemed to think that the action taken was I warranted so far as they were conoerned, and he ' had heard no complaints from them. Mr. BLACK said ample latitude in the dis cussion of these Estimates was judicious, but the I remark of the hon. member forToombul, that he I would no longer "bait" the Secretary for Rail | ways, was certainly not judicious, He believed I In fair criticism, but he should be very sorry to I stand upland make such a remark. The Railway 1 Commissioners owed their appointment to a , certain extent to the Ministry of which he ! happened to be a member; those appoint* : uaents had been endorsed, by the House, and had been justified by results. Hon. mem bers had a perfect right to refer to matters of detail as^ they bad done, and the hon. member for Cunningham pointed out an alteration in the I present system by which his constituents would ! j bene6t to the extent of About £17,GOO. He i I could quite understand that if wheat and flour, j I were carried free certain interests would bene fit by it, but the cost hid to be borne by the community as a whole. So far as he could understand, the hon. member's propyl would | mean that three millers on the Downs would I benefit to the extent of over £17,000 at the I expense of the whole community. He believed 1 the railway management at the present time was satisfactory, and the Secretary for Railways and the Commissioners had the interests of the whole j community at heart He would point out one I result of thepresent management with respect to one item. Hie importance of the matter with . respect to their financial position was very great. Their railways had cost a little over £17,000,000, and that involved a charge of ?about -£080,000 ? a year for interest. It meant that 25 per cent, of the whole of their revenue went to pay interest on the railways, and surely every effort at economy should be encouraged. When attempts were made to make the railways remunerative encouragement should ba given, and any attempt to increase 1 .tbeimilwayiodebted&essshould; be watched with the greatest suspicion. The Commissioners were appointed in 1B89; they had had a fair trial, and he contended the result of their administration was generally satisfactory to the country. The cost of maintenance in 1889, when there was a less mileage than now, was «£142 per mile. At present, withz,820 milesof railway Jheoostof maintenance was only £106 per mile. That meant that they worked the railways at a saving of £83,000 a year, as compared with what was previously spent. That was a matter of congratulation, surely. He believed it had been brought about by the proper administration of the railways in consequence of having Commissioners who were S-actically independent of political infiuenoe. n the whole, he contended that the House bad reason to be satisBed with the ptftlon of the Government who appointed the Commissioners, and with the result of their administration. Although criticism might be continued year after year, he only hoped the efficient management of the railways would continue, and that they would be made one of the most valuable assets Queensland bad. Mr. GANNON said the bon. member took him to tadc for using the word "bait." Perhaps he was wrong in using that word, but still baiting was very often practised in that House. The hon. gentleman had certainly practised it himself when there was on Opposition, but since there had been . practically no Oppo sition the baiting ceased. £%e hon. mem* ber, being one of the Ministry who appointed the; Commissioners, naturally must stand up for them. Very huge salaries were paid to those gentlemen, and they were expected to be successful; but it had to be proved whether certain figures were correct. He was going to prove that a large sum of money bad . gone out of the Railway Department, but of course those things were not taken into con sideration. He was going to show by-aud-by that a great many more thousands had gone out of the department, There *asa new system of book-keeping in the Railway Department. There waa a system of transfers aud passing cheques for the payment of Government services, which made the returns look very much larger than they were. Figures could prove anything; but when it was proved that there WHB a saving of .£80,000 in hud cash, then there would be some thing to talk about. He wanted to see the work oarried out efficiently. It might be true that a certain amount bad been saved in maintenance* but perhaps in twelve months they might have to spend & great deal more money in bringing the lines to the satno state of perfec tion they were in before the cconomy began. He spoke with some knowledge of railways, having had the pleasure of wonting out a rail* way contract very successfully. When questions were asked of the Minister, it was not with the purpose of baiting him, but in the public inte rest and benefit, and he wished it to be under stood that it was no advantage to him to fight the Minister or the Government. When the hon. member for Mackay took him to task he should know something of what he was talking about himself. He bad made & speech in which he showed he knew nothing of what he was talking about. When he. read his sj»eech he would find that ho had made some perfectly absurd statements. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said It seemed to him the hon. member for Toombul did not know what be was talking about. At all events be was very rash in making charges; and he had made a charge against the department which really amounted to corruption. The hon. member said the Railway Department had anew system of book-keeping, which made the returns look much larger than they were. He would like to know what the hon. member meant, because he would not Accept such a charge witnout proof. He was not aware that there was a system by which the accounts were being falsified and : manipulated in order to produce a good result. A charge like that waa not worthy of the hon. I member, and be called upon him to substantiate ! what he said. He maintained that the accounts I were properly kept, and not kept for the purpose J of making the returns appear larger than they I really were. .Surely the Auditor-General could be trusted to see that the accounts were properly kept. Mr. GANNON said he did not know what the hon. gentleman meant by his last speech. He had said that be (Mr. Gannon) had charged the Railway Commissioners with falsi fying .their books. He had said nothing of the Kind. What he did say was that figures j could prove anything, and that by the system of I tranxfers or passing cheques for work done by I tho Railway Deportment for the other depart- I ments of the public service profits might be ! shown on paper which were not actual profits. If it could be shown that there bad been an actual profit of £80,000 or £90,000 on the ; administration for twelve months, no one would < be more pleased than himself, so long as it was ? not done at the expense of the efficiency of the department, and the pennanejit way and other , works connected with the department. I Mr. GRIMES said he wished to draw atten- I tioh to the action of the department in increasing the fares for school children travelling on the railways. It had been a great advantage to , residents in the country that they were able to ! send theircbildren to schools in towns, or to the Normal School in Brisbane. It was well known that in provisional schools the fourth class was the hjghest, and that although a scholar might remain there for any length of time after he had reached the fourth class he would never make an4y further advance. There were nut enough children ina district to form a higher fourth ora fifth class. Hitherto those children had had the privilege of travelling on the lines at half :' season rates, and they had thereby been enabled to pursue their studies further than they could possibly have done in the provisional or other country sohools. The raising of the fares to full season rates appeared to bim an illiberal step, more especially as the tramway company and mafiy of the omnibus proprietors carried school children at half-fares. Its effect would be to prevent country children from getting the full advantage of the educational system of the . colony. The reason given by the Secretary for Public Instruction was that the Normal School, in Brisbane^ was overcrowded. But be could not see why, because that particular school happened to be a little overcrowded, country children should be debarred from the advantage they had hitherto enjoyed of coming into the metropolis, or to plaoes like BeenleJgh and Southport, for the purpose of finishing their education. The new rule, he understood, extended not only to the suburban traffic, but all over the railways of the colony. He hoped the Secretary for Railways would reconsider the matter. If the Normal School was crowded a limit might be put to the age of children travel ling with season tickets, so as to prevent the smaller children from coming in, whojcould be fairly taught at the primary schools in the country districts. Mr. STEVENSON said that, seeing the ques- ] tion of the fares of children hod been raised, be J could see bo reason why the oolonlal-bred i children should not be carried at a lower jate than the imported nrtiole, as the hon. member for Cunningham contended local wheat and flour I should be carried at a less rate than that coming I from other parts of the world. Such a concession I would be very welcome to many who had large I families. He did not see why they should import people from home when children could be grown In the colonv. What was good in regard j to one thing should be good in regard to the j other. j The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said ! that the question raised by the hon. member for Oxley did not ooncern the Railway Department in any way. The action of the Ra&way; Depart ment had only been taken at the direct request of the Secretary for Public Instruction. The Railway Department had never carried children under any system except what had been requested by the Education Department., Hitherto a certificate bad been given to a child by the teacher in the distriot if the child wished to attend another school, and upon production of that certificate the Railway Department issued a ticket. The Education Department had shown good reasons why there should be some restric tions exercised in the issue of those oertifioates, and they had been altered. Any representations on the matter would have to be mode to the Education Department, as the railway author!*. ties mu paly carrying out the desires of that department, which they considered necessary for, the inocessful working of the schools. Mr. GRIMES said he could not underatancT. the hon. gentleman submitting to be "bowed"' by the Secretary for Public Instruction. It. was a serious thing to confine boys and girls living in the country districts to attend country schools, many of which were taught by female teachers, Borne of whom were not able to give tlu: children all the education they required. It tt&s; strange that there should be such an arrangement-* between the two departments, and that the Secretary for Public Instruction could not regu late tho attendance at the Normal School without, calling in the assistance of the Secretary for:. Railways. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said that there was no " bossing" about it. The railway authorities had never issued any tickets, ata reduced rate to schoolchildren unless tbeypro* duced a certificate from the teacher of the locality where they resided. The Education Department desired that some different arrangement should be ma^e; and, in consequence, the rules ntidf rcpulations of the Railway Department dealing; with the matter had been altered. They were' stillcontimiingthe same system : but the teachers were now instructed to give certificates in another: form. ' Mr. l'EUNKETT said that he was inclined to support the contention of the bon. member for* Oxjey-that the matter rested more with the-. Railway Department than tt'ith the Education Department. He had been very much surprised?' at the returns quoted by the hon. member foe Maryborough the previous evening in reference", to the timber rates. The matter wanted remedy ing at once. No complaints had been made lnr his district. He did not know whether that was. because they got the proper trucks, or bec&use; the people were under the delusion that thejr were only paying what was right. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS eatdT be hoped that they were not going to have Iber discussion on the timber rates repeated. He. had siuce last night shown the hon. member for Maryborough facts and figures that he had not previously been aware of. The hon. member ha& quoted from documents a month or six weeks; old, and since .then further concessions had been, made in regard to the carriage of timber. Question put and passed. CENTRAL DIVISION. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that £129,740 be granted for the Central division. The tint item he wished to draw attention to was the sum of £9,600 for relaying with GO lb. rails the section of the line between Rockhampton and West wood. It had been considered necessary to relay the line, and that was the first instalment. There was mr small increase of £250 for cartage, neoesri Uted, be was glad to say, by the extra qnan tity of wool which was being carried bn thfr line. Then there was an increase of £50 to the district locomotive superintendent, which'w»< compensated for by a saving of £220 for one clerk, his duties how being performed by the offioer in charge. There was a small increase in the vote for stores, fuel, and oontingeiiciev owing to tho increased traffic; and there was tsa increaseof £25 in the salary of the storekeeper/ who was discharging, in addition to his former duties, those of a clork who bad boen dispensed' with. Question put and passed. MADEAT SjULWAT. , The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that the sum of JE6.038 be .granted for salaries and contingencies in connection with the Mackay Railway. . Mr. ALAND said he did not know any linfr that was going to pay bettor than the Mackay Railway,ljut ft was being worked at a great !<hsl to tho department. Tho liowen Railway, too, was a standing joke all over the colony, the receipts from it being almost nothing, ana (lie expenses very heavy indeed. Was that drain t» goon constantly 1 The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS fealii; the Commissioners bad endeavoured to reduce -the working expenses on the Mackay Railway as. 'far as possible, consistent with safety, and with out diminishing its usefulness. He presumed, that no hon. member expected the line to be -closed. They were promised additional traffic* .on the line, and had every reason to hope that it would improve at an aarly date. Question put and passed, BOWEN BAILWAV. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS" moved that the sum of £2,956 be granted for mularies and contingencies in connection with the Bowon Railway. Mr. SMITH said he wished to say, in reply to the hon. member forToowoomba, that they could' not expsct the Bowen lino to pay at the present time, as it terminated in the bush; but when it was extended it would be one of the best paying lines in the colony. Mr. PHILP «Jd there were some railways' near the electorate of Toiwoomba which might be classed with the Bnwen Railway. ThoCrow'ff Nest line, for instanoe, was no better than Che-. Bowen Railway, and he hoped the. Minister would, during the reoess, consider the&dvisability; of handing over-such railways to the divisional, boards of the distriot, who would work them cheaper than the Government. Mr. ALAND said if the Minister would!/ give the Highfields Divisional Board credit for the traffic which went from Brisbane to Too woomba as well as from Toowoomba to High fields, they would probably take it ever. There> was a dinerenoe between that branch line and. the Bowen Railway, inasmuch as the former tva& a feeder to the main trunk line; but it only got credit for the traffic which actually passed over it, while the traffio it brought to the main line, was ignored in estimating the returns it gave ta the State. Mr. BARLOW said he would recommend?' shires or divisional boards not to hunger after railways. The only instanco he knew of a line* managed by a shire was the line from Dookife. to Katamatite, in Victoria. It was seventeen miles long, and the special railway rate in the>" shire waa 2s. in the £L That ought to be a warning to divisional boards not to hunger aftec - the management of railways. Mr. STEVENSON said the hon. member for Bowen bad stated that if the Bowen line was> extended a pertain. dista&oe; it would pay. Would the hon. member explain how it was* going to pay if It was extended ? Mr. SMITH said If the line was ei tended/" fifteen miles further it would, tap one of the -riohest districts In the oolony-namely, the Burdekin Delta, and there' was a -certainty of a < great deal of traffic from that country. At present they oould not expect it to pay, as it only landed them in the bosh. The.Commis sioners had reduced the expenses of wotkjng the* line from jE5,024 -to £1056, and they oonld scarcely make any further reductfob unleas> they closed the line altogether.' {The Ooit «£ maintaining it unopened would probably be almost equal to tliat of rtnnitig two trains a week; which were all that were run at present. Question put and passed. NORTHERN RAILWAY. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that the sum of £04,044 be granted for the Northern Railway. There was a nominal increase in the salary of the inspcotors, due to the fact that on last year's Estimates only a por tion of one gentleman's salary was voted, as he was absent on leavo without pay. There was a small increase of £200 for cartage, due to the increased traffic on wool j and there was an item of £100 for extra labour and contingencies, which was found to be required, and had been met last year from the general vote. Mr PHIU1 said he would like to know if Bomethinir wonia bo done to improve the rolling stock on the Northern line. The bon. member for South Brisbane, Mr. Luya, had previously said it was in a disgraceful Rtato, and though it might not be so tad. as that, there wa* room for improvement in it.. He would like to have a definite promise from the Secretary for Railways that a lavatory car riage would lie sent to that line, borne of the old rolling-stock that was of no use hero would be very acceptable on that line, as many of the carriages they had were without shades over the windows, and were very unsuitable for the climate. Considering that the northern line paid £819s. per cent, last year, something should lie done for it. They, had some fifty or sixty miles of rails lying rusting in Townsville at present, and portions nf the line were being rolaid. What they would liko would be to have the lino extended west of Hughenden to get more traffic ; but ho was aware there was no money at hand for further railway construction. He would liko to know whether it was intended to improve the rolling-stock on the Northern ' Tho SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS^ he thought the promise he gave last night with respect to the lavatory carnage ought to tie sufficient, and he was not in a position to make a more definite promise in respeot to it. The si* carriages being built were intended (or the Southern and Western line; but, if possible, a lavatory carriage would be sent to the N orthern line With respect to tbf roUliig-«tookon.thotJjne, Mr Hamilton, he noticed, reported that though thn-utock of carriages was not increased it wy well maintained and thoy were in good condition. The passenger traffio on the Northern line was not byaoy means in proportion to the goods traffic, but every effort would be made to Btudy passenger accommodation on the OentraJ ana Northern Hoes WAS a disffrace to the department. They were told now that si* lavatory carriages were being built specially for the Southern and and Western line, and probably one would be sent to the Northern line. The whole eir jhouM be sent to the Central and Northern divisions, as their lines were of tl»e most remunerative character. Hon. members would know the miser able carriages they had to tmt ut; with on the ?Central and Northern lines If .they travelled from Rockhainpton to L6ngreach,br from Towns ville to Hughenden, after onjoywc the «)mnar_» ^e!^rt.tetut^i.ete;;dourd ask the Secrfltaty for Railw»ys-not as afavour, but as a right-'whether he would eee tliat the Central and Northern trunk lines were provided with eqaal consideration for tba comfort of pamnngers as they < had on the Southern and TfeTsEGRETAEY FOR RAILWAYS said they were entitled to it, and evsty effort would be made to supply the same aeoommodationto the Central andNorthero lines »> WW Butyihed on tho Southern and Westernline. He had just been informed that in the" opinion of the Northern officials the lavatory cariwej being built were not considered bo suitable for the Northern lines as for the Southern lines; but Instructions had already been given to fit a number of the cirri ages they had already with lavatory accommodation. That was »n improve ment urgently required, and otherwise every effort would be made to supply the accommodn ^MrTJ?ALLAN said when he went with the Ohiet Secretary right or nine months ago to j^^aswfisirisaa that to 'show the heceBBity for improving the ftawmmodation. The Central Bwlwayjiaia better than toy other line, yet the accommodation was °^Mr*8MITH said he hoped attention would be paid 'to the climatic conditions, and that the stuffy, small carriages uSed in nie South would not be sent up North. ^. . Mr. CROMBIE said he should like to hear the Minister spealt inOre definitely- on the matter. Cmildhenotfives promise that within nix or twelve months better carriages would be sup plied on the Central line ! The hon. igentleman «ud an effort "would be made, but the people would be better satisfied wtha definitonromfa* The SECRETARY FOR_ RAILWAYS ?aid the hon. gentleman might be satisfied with what faa had laid. He was not in a pojntion to make a definite promise: as to time. The Com missioners had given instructions to have « certain number of carriages fitted with lavatory, accommodation, and the other heeds should be supplied at tha .arliest posrfble moment.; Mr. STEVENSON said jf the lavatory tar* riaees being built here now were after the style of the New &juth; Wales lhvatory carriages they would not be atallsuit&bleforeithertheNortborn; or the Central lines. It would be much better to hava lavatory conveniences in the long carnages. He hooid the Minister woold not pledge himself to send hp the carriages fat present bang built to the Xlentral and Northern linfes, because they ^Mr^PHTWPsaid the hon. member for Fitaroy had stated that the Central line wm the bost paying line in the colony. It was .Veiy unfair that such ft gtatement shonld «p abroad. Sinoe the time the Hsghenden line had been open it had paid mora than interest. That was not so with the Central line. ' , . , . Mr. C ALLAH said he had. it on the way best, authority th*t the Centra} line, taken by »toelf, and not considering the Snringsure, Clermont, or Emu JPark Unas, was the ljeat paying fine in the ®®heSEdRETARY FOR RAILWAYS e»Jd thehon.,member was not quite oopeot. The figures wen girts in the Gommlanoneh' report. TtookkampVui'to Itfngtsaah .paid JM 7s. lid., and tST linB froni T^wnavUle to Hugh^den paid Wpmmjstoneri .^eiy It was a long distance from Rockhampton to Longreach, and it was only fair that proper car riages should be supplied. The CHAIRMAN: I would remind the, hon. member that the vote for the Central Railway has been passed. Mr. BLACK Raid lie found that there was £70,807 on the Loan Estimates for the purpose of constructing r«Hing»stock. Ho .desired to emphasise everything hon. members had eaid in connection with the necessity of providing better rolling-stock on the Central and Northern linos. He had no hesitation in saying that the rolling stock on those lines was a disgraos to the depart* ment, and did not keep pace with improved rolling- stock on the Southern line. He drew attention to the absolute necessity of supervising and examining into the rolling-stock of the Contra! and Northern linos in the same way as was done in the Sc»uth. It "was a pity the Secretary for Railways was compelled to stick in Brisbane. He should .travel along the Central line as far as Longreach without a sleeping car. Mr. PAUL rose to order. Was the hon. member to be allowed to speak of the Central line when he had been prevented from doing: so? The CHAIRMAN: I have already pointed out that the vote for tlie Central line has been passed, and the vote before the Committee is for the Northern line. , Mr. BLACK said he desired the Secretary for Railways to take the earliest opportunity of travelling from Townsvillo out to Hughenden. The carriages used on that line were utterly unsuitableTor the necessities of the district. The CHIEF SECRETARY: I do not think Mr. BLACK said the carriages used on that line would be consigned: to the rubbish heap if they were fn the Southern district. The CHIEF SECRETARY: They are equal to the Southern carriages. Mr. BLACK said tney were utterly unsuited for the purpose for which they were employed. The CHIEF SECRETARY: They are a good deal better ventilated than those in the South.. . Mr. BLACK said he did not like to contradict the hon. gentleman! but in his opinion they were not. The passenger accommodation on the Northern line was, be would repeat, a disgrace to the department, and he trusted that out of the suui on the Loan Estimates for the con struction of carriages, the department would spend a considerable portion in providing equal accommodation to that in the South. 'Mr. PAUL said that having travelled on the Northern line from Townsville to Hughenden, , he could endorse all that the hon. member for 'Mackay had eaid about thedisgraoeful condition .of the carrage accommodation on that railway. \- Mr. LUYA said that anybody who affirmed .that the carriages on the Northern Railway were . fit for the climate must be labouring under a greAt delusion. Fancy a railway'carriage In a tropical climate without any blinds to the - windows to kelp out the sub I To keep out the dust the windows had to be kept open* and travellers had to spend the bulk of their time in shifting about to avoid the sun's rays. There was not abranch line in the South that was not tar better equipped titan the tnain line from Towns villo. .The carriages had evidently been sent there fn the day*- now passed away-when nor thing was considered good enough for the North. Question put and passed. CAHUfS BAILWAY. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that £11,889 be granted for the Cairns Railway* There was an item of £500 for stores and contingencies which ,was omitted last year. There was also an apparent increase In t he salary of the stationmaster in charge; but (there had ibeen a change in the offioe. Toe present station master was of a higher grade than the previous occupant of the office, and Jiad lieen receiving £375 a'year. He had been promised an increase to £400 whenever the lino was opened to Granite Greek, but that had sot taken effect yet. ; Mr. PHILP asked when the contract to Granite Creek was expected to be finished ? The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS replied that it was expected to be finished somewhere about Marsh next. ; Mr. PHtLP asked whether it was not possible to make arrangements for opening the line for goods and passengers as far aft Biboohra, six miles from Granite Creek ! The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said there were departmental difficulties In the iway which he was Afraid would prevent any such arrangement being made. : Mr. BLACK asked what departmental diffi culties there were which should stand in the way lof the interests of the general public t The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS uaid that perhaps bo had not used thecorrect term, but they were difficulties which might arise be tween the contractors and the Cojnmissioners,; Mr. PHILP said he understood the con tractors had been parrying goods on the line, and ,allowing the Government calf the rates they ?received. He could not see why that should not 'be allowed to continue, Mr, BLACK flaked whether, it was not a taofc ithat the contractors were willing to cairy. goods for the publio to Biboohra, and that the depart *ment declined to allow them to do sot The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said that was generally the case? but the line could not be UBea in that way on account of difficulties . 'in the way which it was impossible for him to explain-difficulties which might lead to the formulation of pertainclaims against the Govern* ment or the Commissioners. Mr. BLACK aaid he did not understand how any claim could be made against the Govern ment. The line was completed to a certain polnti but the Government had not yet token it over. The contractors were willing to accom- . modate the public by carrying themselves and their goods, but the Government would not allow it, although the line was complete to Biboohra. (which was near to Granite Oroek. Departmental arrangements should be mode by which thepublio should be allowed to use the line. The country was paying Jntereatontheenormouscostof therailwav, and the hon. gentleman would not allow them to get any return, because he desired to perpetuate a system of Tea-tape. Why should the contrac tors bo debarred from allowing people to use & railway past their .doors? Either the Govern ment should take brer the completed portion of the line and collect "the freights,. or else let the' contractors do what they Were quite willing to; Mr. SXEVENS0& said that ftheton1.-mem-': bcr for Mackay had'«inundated a mtat extra ordinary doctrine, hoped $o Oomftilggioadre, would not allow any contractor to carry goods for otner petrtAe. V The Camtolsrionen knew; the proper time to faike pver a iallifay. . JHe hoped they would not allow the contractors to make use of ehf ntltvay in the way proposed by thfc ton. member forMackky. Mr. ANNEAR r&M; that the difficulty might ; be overcome by the Commissioners offering to take over the line to the Barron Kiverj and to settle* all claimk on tbe completed portion. No contractor would refuse such a reasonable request. Mr. LUYA said that what the hon. member for Mackay salted Cor had been granted oh other railways. He bad paid the contractors for , taking himself and. parcels of sonde over the I section of the North Co ait line between Lands borough and Yandina. Certainly the North | Coast line was near to Brisbane; but the same thing could be allowed on any other line. He saw no objection to the line being utilised, and I it would be at the risk o! the contractors. Tbe line might fairly be made use of. It bad been , expensive enough as it was, Mr. JONES said that there was a genera impression that the contractor had possesion of 1 the line until it was taken, over by the Com- _ I missioners. In the same way it was supposed'f that a builder had a lien upon land until he was paid for the building he erected; but that | was not ao. In law he had a bare per' , mission to occupy the land for the purpose ' of fulfilling bis contract, and the owner ] of the land could turn him off at any moment. The Railway Commissioners were the owners of the land, and they only gave the contractors bare permission to occupy the land to construct the railway, and the Commis sioners were acting with a wise discretion. They j did not know what claimB might be made. He j did not wish to refer to a case that was tubjudicc, . but they knew that some most extraordinary j claims liad already been made in regard to the Cairns line. Were they to have more claims j forced upon the country? He hoped the Com missioners would not give tbe contractors per- I mission to run trains in competition with the j Government. " _ , Mr. PHILP said that the arbitration csbb had , nothing to do with the matter. The line was completed to within six miles of Granite Creek, and if trains were run to Biboohra, passengers and mails could reacht Herberton j in one day from Cairns, while in the wet I season they often took weeks. Hie I mlsBioners might be justified in not taking over the line; but they might allow the con tractors to carry goods, seeing that they ran trains to carry rails and aleepers. They' bad done so, but had been stopped jefid that was what the people complained of. The Commissionera would not incur any liability for goods which they did not carry. The line would oe stock at the Barron River for six months, because the last six miles were not completed. The people of Cairasand Herberton bad written and telegraphed to him. They bad been hanging on to tbe rfdl- - way for six year*, and they should get some , return for the tremendous cost of the line. Jf the contractors were allowed to carry goods on one line* why should they not, be allowed the same nrivileso on another! The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said that the concession bad not turned out satis-' factorily where it had been granted. Every effort would be made to accommodate tbe public, , and that ougbt to satisfy hon. members, because it would be unwise for them to lay down a rule to do something which would be used by con tractors as an engine to make certain claims. He thought that if he cave a promise that in the interest of the public eveiy effort would be made to accomplish what was desired that should be sufficient. Mr. BLACK said in the Interest of the publto the hon. gentleman should do nothing, but simply allow the contractor to do what he bad been doing and what bed been done on other lines. The department would not incur any responsibility; if traders sent their goods by the contractor, they would do so with the full T knowledge that they had so cjaiin against the Government for miscarriage of the gooda. But1 as ft rule goods did not tulsc&ny.; The ^ hon. member for North Rockhampton bad intro duced a subject which be (Mr. Black) did not want to refer to-namely, a certain very important caae which was now proceeding. At the same time he would like to know whether that case bad any bearing on the question under consideration. Surely the Minister could say that he would reconsider the matter,'and either take over the line or allow the contractor to oany goods, making his own arrangement with his clients. There seemed to be somfe reason Which had not been erplained why the Government objected to do that. What was the ground of ,objection? . , Mr. SMITH said he hoped tbe Commissioners would oonsider the public ottd take over the line, unleaa there wns some insuperable difficulty In the way of their floing so, as there was a great outcry on the part of the people of the district for the opening of the line to Biboobra. He had received communications from some residents on the subject, and lie thought the department should, if possible,' strotch a point and meet their wishes. Mr, PHtLP aaid as a further inducement to allow the line to be opened, he would .point out that it would save about £200 a year in tbe cost of carrying mails, if they could be sent right through in one day. He was told that after the Government had stopped the contractor for the Gympie line from carrying goodk the restriction was removed on the representations of people abftut Brisbane. There was no doubt that on the Bonthern and Western lines privileges were Allowed which were never given cm the Northern railways, Mr. BLACK said as far as he could ascertain up to within a month ago, the contractors were .allowed to takegoodstoBiboobra, _ Tho SEORETAHY FOR RAILWAYS: It was done without the knowledge or authority of the department. " . . ' Mr, SLACK said it was dose, asd the people were perfectly satisfied and' delighted to mid that the expenditure on tho railway was likely to lead to some benefit to them. But now the Government had stopped the contractor carrying goods, and would not do it themselves. What was tne reason ? It had not been divulged yet. Tbe SECRETARY FOE RAILWAYS said he could only give the same answer fitfftin- that it was not considered expedient to do it in view of any contingent claims which might arise In, consequence. That was as much as he could say at present. He said "again that every <effort would, be made to aooomm&date; the public as fair as possible. With reference to the carrying of tne mailB, he might.state that .he had already made inquiries, on the subject $ but there were many difficulties to be overcome;. land he had to consult with tbe mail coiitrafetors. , The departmental difficulties ifi connection with .] .uch matterswere very great ; as far he was able ! h'e was endfefevouring to remove all alfficpities,,! hut it was not-possible to do miracles. ' . . , ? Mr. BLACK Atid he would not'oontinuo the discussion i but he fvould say that hfe nfever-saW. ajSecretary for Railways or & Government placed tin .a more humiliating and iamentaWe poeition ihab that which the jwesentSecretary iorfyul« ways occupied at the present time- -Hie boo. gentleman had no excuse to offer, and there -was evidently something which ho dare not re veal to the Committee. 1 Mr. BARLOW said be was not usually an apologist for the Secretary for Railways; but some consideration should be shown to a Minister with a tremendously heavy lawsuit on his bands, and they could not expect the hon. gentleman to show bis hand In any way under the circum stances. Question put and passed. OOOKTOWff BAILWAT. Tho SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that the sum of *£7*092 be granted for the Cooktown Railway. Question put and passed NOBMANTON RAILWAY. The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS moved that the sum of .£16,764 be granted for the Normanton Railway. There was a email, increase of £25 to the etationtnaster in charge and an increase of X318 required for a clerk and as inspector. Mr. PBILP said be would like to bpar whether the experiment made in connection with that railway was going to be a success or not 1 He was glau to see the line had paid £3 5b. 7d, on the cost of construction last year. He would, ask how the new system of railway construction was likely to answer? The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS said that if the hon. member referred to the experi ment of steel sleepers be was afraid it could not bo considered a successful one. The last report they had received from the officer in charge was a very discouraging one as regarded the suoooss of the eteel sleepers. Mr. N. G. Bell the officer in charge, in a report dated 24th September, stated that "The grot difficulty at present U preventing tite earth from blowing out of the sleepers whon the train passes over then, and the time ol ttae men from lA-roile to Croydon 1* almost entirely occupied endeavouring to keep the Sleepers lull. Of course it the road were well tallssled thU would not happen. The life of the steel' slsepers will not be so long as )i generally thought, I am forwarding you two sleepers from Seniles as a sample of how they' are ruitlng. - These sleepers are a lair juuoplq, and are sot by any means the wont. I estimate that for at least eight miles (Smiles to 19-mllei) the deeoen are equally had, being laid through count# impregnated with salt They have, I *ai told, been in the road tor tour yean and one .xaontkL The timber sleepers are In good order, and I consider that the halt-round blood wood should have a life ot at lust twenty years, as this climate Is very mueh drier than that oh the coast." An HovouB&Bi;/B Msubkb: IS there any. reference to white ants? < The SECRETARY FOR RAILWAYS sold there was no reference to white acta. The original contention .was that the eteel sleepers would not, require ballasting, but If hon. members would ' look. at the Loan Estimates they wouldfwda, considerable amount down ior ballasting that !|*ne^ and the report from wbicih be bad quoted wound up with the statement " Generally, with regard to the lino, 1 oouilder that .until It Is bauastod It wlU bo a difficult and unsatlstao-, toy one to maintain." Question put and passed. \- kwthaster-oeneiul-BALABIBS. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL {Hon.T. 0\. Onmack) moved that the etttn of be granted for attaries. £ost and Telegraph Offioe. There was a redaction on the vote lor the pre vious year, and also a reduction ib the number of hands. It bad been mentioned on several pre vious occasions that the clerks in that establish ment were really paid at a very small , rate, and tboy bad responsible and arduous duties to perform. It was impossible, of course, in these times to increase -salaries, but. bo was glad to be able to «ay that) upon the recommendation of the Civil Service. Board, these estimates included a small increase of about J04OO to thirty-seven clerks, or an average Increase of about £10 each. He waa sure hob. members would beglad to grant those mpreases, especially .in view of the fact that there was a reduction -shown in the total vote. Of course the telegraph operators looked for increases tipon promotion when vacancies occutred. Otherwise there was not, be thought, any particular item in the vote to which he .need refer. There was a rearrange ment that looked like an increase. For Instance, there were eleven clerks Ust year and fourteen clerks ibis. year at £170; but that wa* amply a rearrangement - Mr. CALL AN said he noticed that the inspector of lines and mall routes, Southern dis tricts, at £300 was kept on, while the inspector of lines and mail routes, Northern districts, at'£250 was knocked off. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL aid that the officer did duty for the two districts now. Mr. SAYjSRS said the hon. gentleman spoke of increases to clerks. He understood that those clerks were all in Brisbane.. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL add,the? were situated in the different offices aajover the oountry; they were not all In Brisbane. ! Mr. SMYTH said there was a very trust worthy young man m the Gymple post offioe, who .had been seven years in Uie department, ?and. was only receiving £9Q a year. That sum was not sufficient for any young man to live on. If the hon. gontleman^could not give him a rises, perhaps be might see his way to promote him to: some other post office. . ' < ' The POSTMASTER-GENERAl, said that the officer to whom the hon. gentleman referred was down on the Estimates for a email increase. Mr, FHELF eaid he thought there was a good opportunity now for the rcstmaater-Gsneral to carry out the promise made to the Northern people by his predecessor four years ago.' The promise was that there should be a travelling' post offioe on the Northern line, and now that the salary of the inspector of lines and mail routes ?of the Northern districts was being aaved, it ling postmaster on the Northern line. There was a travellingjwst office on the Southern line and one on the Central line, and there ought to be one on the Northern line. ? Mr. BARLOW said he did cot thfok.that any class of employees were more entitled to oon videration than telegraph operators in distant parts of the colony. He believed there was kan . allowance made to cover increased,cost of living in such places; but In some plaoeewhere the allowance was, mode living was comparatively cheap, aud in other places were no allowance was made .the cost of lisyngwaa .very hiph. . He wished to refer to the question/ of Idelivering messages without sending themwer;the wires. Fpr instance, if ho went to the Brisjxtne offioe and wanted to send a message to any.parfcof the city, it would be convenient if he oould fill up a form to be delivered by a messenger tothe.pereon. to whom it was addressed. It was .the practice inMelbourne, andbe believed ie/ws*thepraatifle inXoudon, to {deliver messages of that kind, and. if adopted here It would becf great advantage to mercantile men and otherptopje. Mr. SMYTH said ha wished to know whether It was true that the post office authorities at ?Gympie had given notice to tho Lands Depart tnent to clear out of the premises at present oooupicd by the officers of that department in Ormpie. The SECRETARY FOR WORKS (Hon. H. Tozer) said that the accommodation was not sufficient for carrying out the work of the post office there, and he intended to build a room adjacent to the post office, so that the lands business might be properly carried on there. Mr. SMYTH said be hoped the hon. gentle man would put a sum of money on the Supple mentary Estimates to build a suitable place. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said he was much obliged to the hon. membor for Ipswich, Mr. Barlow, for the suggestion he bad made with regard to messages. He would give it his consideration, and if it was possible he would b« delighted to afford the public the convenience I sucgestod. In reference to tho travelling post . ?office at Townsville, he had been informed that It was not required. Doing without it not only | meant saving the salary of ail official, but the carriage itself would cost some J&1*200 or £1,500, Mr FHILP: Would not tho railway pay for itT The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said he had not the funds. Mr. BAYERS said be travelled along the line with the Seoretary for Mines, and numerous complaints were made by people that their letters were carried past them, and they bad to go fourteen or fifteen miles to get them. It was very strange that better arrangements could not be made. The Railway ana Postal i Departments were both controlled by the Go vernment, and a railway stationmaster could easily be made a post office offioiaL There was one place between Ravenswood Junction and Bavenswood where the train stopped, but the letters for that place were carriod on, and the people had to go either to the Junction or to Ravenawood for them. There must be some red tape in the way ; and it always raised bitter fedings when people knew they were taxed on account of services they received no benefit from. He did not see that it was neoes saty. to spend £1,500 on. a carriwe when the guard could easily give a mail bag to tho stationmaster. It was hard that people trying to make a living out of the land could not get that accommodation; if the matter were in the hands of private individuals it would be attended to. In reference to the operators, he noticed that there were fourteen at .£180 a year, and two who received £100 last year were given £200 this year.. He .thought they were all very badly paid, especially those at puu»s where the oost of living was high. He knew a place where the cost of living bad increased by 20 per cent, doting the test few months, and men with families felt it very ranch. Married men should always be sent to places where they could live cheaply, while those who were hot married could be sent further away. He hoped the Postmaster General would take these matters Info his con sideration. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said the points the hon. member referred to were care fully studied when there were any removals. The extent of a man's family and the coat of living wets considered: but it was impossible to accom modate everybody. The regulations framed by the CWil Service Board made allowance for the extra cost of Uvtng In certain places, and all the Government had to do was to carry out those regulations. Ih every instance where suggestions bad been made that there ought to be an allowance -for living at a certain place, the Board had favour .ably considered the matter. As to the delivery of letters at places along railway lines, the present practice might he called red tape, out It was necessary for the security of correspondence. If they allowed letters to be taken anywhere, and ddivered by anyone who happened to be in charge of a train, there would iw no security at all ; and if any letter miscarried, the Post Office would' be blamed, tt'wss all very well to say, "Give them to the guard and they will be I delivered," but suppose they were not delivered ? He conld assure hon. members that eveir effort was constantly being made to accommodate the public. Along the railway lines instructions had been given to guards to post letters, but they | could not have little post offices at every place; The guards took the letters, and posted them at the first post offioe they came to. Mr. JONES: If you pay extra. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said no { extra charge was . made under those circum gtanoes. . Mr. PLUNKETT said he could bear out what | the Postmaster-General said with regard to accommodating people along the railway lines. If there was any oomplaint in any particular district the people, or their j-epreaentonves, were to blame, because whenover he had made appli cation to the proper authorities the Postmaster General had remedied the oomplaint at once. Mr; BLACK said be understood the Post master-General to say that any recommendations be received would bave favourable consideration. The PQSTMASTERrGENERAIi, Certainly. Mr. BLACK said some of those recommenda tions bad been made year after year ; but there was not much favourable consideration. The hon. gentleman said that be had received infor mation to the effect that a travelling post office could not be worked oh the Northern line. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL: I did not say that. Mr. BLACK said the hon. gentleman told them he had information that leahim to believe that a travelling pbst-offioe on the Northern line was impracticable. The IPOSTMASTER-GENERAL: It is not required. Mr. BLACKsaid it was required. They had three main trunk lines of railway, ana the Southern and Central lines had their travelling the Postmaster-General to travel a little: he vegetated In Brisbane amongst bis sealing wax and red tape too much. There was no ether Minister who wis so utterly devoid of the practical knowledge necessary for a Minister. All Ministers might travel a. great deal more than they did. There was one to whoin was assigned the duty of travelling about and making pot speeches: bub the other Ministers, enoept. on ' special oocasiom, never visited the different constituencies and came in touch with the people. HIb contention was that the Northern line required a travelling post office jnst as much as either'of (be other lines. The members representing 4the Northern constituen cies, who wer$ day by day In touoh with' the requirements of, their 'constituencies, knew a .great deal mote 'about' ghosts matters than Minister*. .The PoBtmastet-GenehJ Was essen tially a Brisbane infcn,.fchd not.ili touch with people Outside of it. He hoped the hon. gontfc I nan during the reccas would make himself familiar with the requirements of the more distant parts of the colony. There was no reason, BO far as he could see, why any one portion of the colony should be treated differently to another portion. All he asked was that the same treatment should be extended to the three divisions of the colony; that they should bo put on the same basis. Mr. HYNE said it was refreshing to hoar a member on the Opposition bench fina fault with Ministers. Yesterday when a word of objection was raisod by members on his side, hon. gentle men on the other side occupying loading positions got up and took the part of Ministers. Mr. PHILP said it appeared that the only reason why the Postmaster-General would not giro the Northern Railway a travelling post office was that it would entail the building of a carriage at a cost of £1,200 or £1,500. Tnat difficulty . might be got over by altering one of the exist I ing carriages, which would not cost much, and which might ao for a year or two. The necessity for the travelling post office had been recognised I by the Government, and promised four yearsago; I and lie was of opinion that when the loan vote of £76,000 for rolling-stock came on the Northern members wouldbe quite justified Instonewolling it unless they sot a distinct promise that a lavatory carriage ana a travelling post office should Ira attached to the Northern Hallway. There were eight travelling mail officers in the colony, six of whom were employed on the Southern and Western Railway, ana two on the Central Rail way, and they were told there was not sufficient money available to pay the Balary of one for the Northern Railway-a railway that had abso lutely, by its earnings, saved the department from ruin. Mr. HALL asked whether some alteration I could not be made in the regulations regarding | pillar letter-boxes. Under the existing regula tions letters could be posted in the boxes, bat not newspapers. Indeed, if anyone by mistake posted a newspaper fn a pillar-box the postal authorities had the right, if tney chose, to burn it It would be a great convenience to the public if they were allowed to post newspapers in the pillar-boxes. It would entail no extra expense, because as the boxes were clcared by a man with a horse and | spring-cart, there would be no additional labour involved. Mr. NORTON asked what arrangements were I contemplated with regard to the poBt office at | Gladstone? The late postmistress, Mr*. Hether ington, had resigned, and he should be glad to hear bow it was proposed to oarry on the work ahe had given up. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said the business at Gladstone had been considerably reduced, and the recommendations from the heads of the two branches of the department were to the effect that the same staff was not required there now as before. Since the resigna tion of the postmistress, the work had been done by the telegraph manager In charge, in addition to bis other work, and a lad had been given him an additional assistant. Mr. NORTON said the work at the poet office had fallen off chiefly because the third section of the Glads tone-Bundaberg Railway, whioh had been under construction for some time, had now ! been finished. But the hon. gentleman seemed to have forgotten the fact that during the time that railway contract was going on the work increased so muoh that the departmenfcproridod for extra assistance in the office. When the work fell off that extra assistant was removed. Bid the hon. gentloman mean to tell him that apart from that cause of the falling off in the work of the post office there had also been such an additional falling off as to warrant him in dispensing with a postmaster altogether? When the matter first came under his notice he (Mr. Norton) was under the impression that the reduction was made because there was an absolute necessity' for reducing expendi ture all over the colony as far as possible. If any provision had been made by which he could nave believed the work would be efficiently done, he would not have worried the hon. gentle* [ man. In the first instance it had been proposed ! simply to hand over the work to the telegraph ; mastor and his line repairer, with the condition that when the line repairer was out repairing the line, a boy should be put'on in his place. That was the change which had been made.on tho recommendation of the officers of the depart ment. Almost immediately after the late post* mistress left they got Into such difficulties that had it not been for the assistance rendered by Mis. Hetherington they would hardly have been able to get along at all. The telegraph and post offices were at opposite ends of the building, and the telegraph master could not attend to both branches at the same time. In the postal dep&rtment; the work was continuous, as people came in at ell tiroes for stamps and letters; and there was also the money-order department, and the making up of mails. The work would be most arduous lor one man to combine the positions of post and tele graph master. There were four regular mails in the week to Rockhampton-two through. the Narrows, one overland, and the other by the Brisbane boat which called in at Gladstone. Then there was a mail to Banana, another to the Norton Gold Field* another to Oania, two mails in the weok to Gin Gin, and another to Bunda berg. Most of the mails started early in tho moraine, so that thoy had to be made np overnight or else the first thing in the morn ing. The telegraph master was employed in his office all flay, and between 8 ana 9 in the evenings, bo that he had no time; and in Addition to having to make up the mails he had to take the whole responsibility of the postal department; and any mistakes which might be made by a boy, however well-intentioned, would have to be borne by the unfortunate telegraph master, who was not only a first-class officer, bearing a particularly good cliaraoter in the department! but who never made any complaint. If it had been a matter of necessity, and the Government had needed to curtail the expenditure, I he would not have minded BO much so long as the work was done efficiently; hut he .understood it was not from motives of economy that the saving was being effected, but from motives of parsimony. Ho had always been treated with courtesy by the officers of the department, tho Under Secre tary for tho Post Office in particular, when he had brought any matter before them. Ho bad always avoided making, any recommendation to any department that qould be found fault with. In regardJu> the Post.and Telegraph Depart ment, they had always fallen in with his reoommenaations simply bocause they bore the stamp of reasonableness and practic ability. . In that case .he could only Assume that thBy had acted under some instructions or supposition that they were expected, wherever It was -possible, to cut down expenditure to the lowest possible sum. That had never been so before tne hon. gentleman had come into office. He complalocd of the matter because be found tbat the alteration was not duo to motives of economy, and£ also because it would be imposRible to carry on the work with any' thing like satisfaction to the officers or to the public. He urged the hon. gentleman to reconsider the position. There had been two officers in charge of the post and telegraph offices for years before be had become a member, and when the work had been much Iobs than it was now. The recommendations that had been made must have been made because the officers felt that they were to a certain extent bound to make them; bnt he was certain that they knew it was almost impossible for the work to be carried oat without giving rise to a great deal of dissatisfaction. He did not wish to say anything offensive to the hon. gentleman, but ho #was attempting to cany out a system which could not be quite described as economical, but which might be described as parsimonious. He regretted Jmving to come forward and speak in that way. Since he had had the honour of being appointed Speaker he had always avoided bringing forward any grievance on the floor of the House: but he had been able to do so because hitherto it had been recognised in all his dealings with the different departments tbat the Speaker of the HouBe, not having the same opportunities as other hon. members of bringing forward his grievances, was entitled to the fullest considera tion when he went privately to Ministers. He certainly bad never recommended anything pri vately that he was not prepared to put in writing. That rule had applied in all the other depart' ments but that of the Postmaster-General, and it was one that was invariably carried out in regard to the Speakers in the other colonies, so far as ho had been able to ascertain. He had inquired in Victoria and the other colonies, and the answer he had receivod was that the Speaker of the House, not having an opportunity of bringing forward the grievances ot his constituents in the House, bad always been treated with consideration of that kind. He regretted that he had had to come forward and make the speech be bad, and he could tell the hon. gentleman that the arrangement be proposed to cany out would give rise to a great deal of dissatisfaction, and in the end ho would have to revert to the old plan of appointing a separate officer for each of the separate depart ments. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said be was particularly sony that the. lion, member should disagree with decisions at which he had arrived in reference to the working of the post office at Gladstone. He gave the hon. member credit for having been particularly reasonable tn all the recommendations he had made on previous occasions. He bad never asked for any thing which be could not justify, and no doubt: ho thought tbat in that case also his application was one which should be entertained. At the; ?same time the hon. member might give him (the' Postmaster-General) some credit for endeavour ing to do the best he could for the general establishment. The work of the offipe baa fallen off very much indeed. Mr. NORTON: And you took one officer away a abort time ago. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL eaid that officer was placed there at a time when the post* mistress dia not feel herself able to do the work, either on account of declining health or indis position for the time being. If she had been In her usual state of health and able to do the work she would not have received assistance. He would give a few statistics to show how the work b&d; fallen off in the post offloe at Glad* stone. The number of letters, packets, and newspapers passing through the offioe in 1891 was 1(3,480, and in 1992,0,591; the number of registered letters per month was 93, now it wae 51); the number of mails received was 184, now it was 118; the number of mails despatched was 136, now it was 108. The work having fallen off so very much, he was advised by the heads of the department that It could be carried out by the present staff, and in fact it was being so carried out at the present moment satisfactorily, and without any complaint being made. Mr, NORTON : Ob, not The POSTMASTER-GENERAL said there bad been no complaint made to the department of Inefficiency in the working of the office. He had promised the hon. member, and now pro mised again, that if within a month it was found that there were any shortcomings in the working he would immediately place an Additional man In charge. He was desirous of showing the hon. mombcr'every courtesy and consideration-per haps more than he would show anyone else on account of the peculiar position'the hon. member occupied, and because of the reasonable spirit he bad at all times shown in the matters he brought under the notice of the department. He trusted the hon. member would be satisfied with his assurance that Gladstone should not suffer by the arrangement made, and that » proper staff should be thero to do the work satisfactorily, Mr. NORTON eaid the hon. gentleman stated thatcomplaintshadnot been made tohim. Itwas not likely that thegentleman inchargc would make complaints to thehon. gentleman or anyone else; but oomplaints had been made to nim (Mr. Norton) by the public, by every mail which came to Brisbane, and by wire as well. He oould not ignore that faot, and he told the hon. gentleman, when be saw him in his office the other day, that complaints were made. And how could one officer work both the telegraph and the post office T A person might be kept waiting at toe post office for ton minutes while the operator was sending away a message. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL: There is a line repairer. Mr. NORTON eaid the line repairer was some times away, and when be was in town he had to deliver telegrams, whilst during his absence tele grams bad often to be left there until the persons to whom they were sent happened to inquire for letters. . How was it possible tbat the thing could work? And then, consider the responsi bility that was laid upon the telegraph master. It was not fit that a boy of sixteen or elghteenyears of age, who, he believed, waaa good boy, should be put into the offioe to take charge ana assume the responsibility while the telegraph master was otherwise employed. Then, again, the telegraph master/ must be inbjs office from 8 to 0 at night; and, in addition to that, he had to. make , up »maiUt some of which left at C and others at - 7 Mock in the morning. It was not a fair thing to ask the people there to put up with tbat sort of thing,'and it bad never been attempted before during-the last fourteen or fifteen years. It was also .p.most Unfair thing to put, all that extra work ana responsibility pn the teUnaph master. It simply meant that he muatget toe members of bis pwn family to help him in doipg tno worjc, and they would get no pay for it* Mr. CALL AN said that frobi what had fallea from the hon. member for Port Curtis one would imagine that there wan a great deal of work done in the telegraph office at Gladstone. He did not know how many members of the Committee had visited Gladstone, but ho had been there a great many times lately, and within the last thirty years, and he thought the average number of telegrams sent from Gladstone would amount to about twelve in the week. The hon. gentleman j spoke but seldom, but when he did he made a splendid electioneering speech. He did not [ think there was any necessity for the hon. gentleman to inake any request to the Post master-General for -an alteration of the present arrangements at Gladstone? Mr. NORTON said he was obliged to the hon. member for his advice, but did the hon. member expect irayono would credit him when he said lie did nut think there were twelve telegrams per woek sent from (Madstone? Mr. CALLAN: I am sue there are not more. Mr. NORTON said be was sorry for the hon. member's veracity when he could make a state ment like that, and the hon. member would be ashamed of it when he saw it reported in Harvard in the morning. The hon. member was evidently suffering from a touch of the cre mation fever which had affected other members from the Central distriot, only instead of cremating members of Parliament be was cre mating facts. What he (Mr. Norton) had said bad been said in sober earnestness, and the Postmaster- General admitted that by his promise to Increase the number of officers at Gladstone as soon as the occasion arose. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL: At the earliest moment. Mr. NORTON said that would be to-morrow, as the occasion had already arisen, and he asked .the hon. gentleman again to revert to the old system. Why that cheeseparing nolioy should be practised in his distriot he could not under stand, and he was afraid that as the result of it the Postmaster-General would be received, if he visited Gladstone, aa n Minister who had caused the people there a lot of inconvenience that might easily have been avoided. The Hon. J. R. DICKSON said he thought the bon. member for Port Curtis should be satis fied with the promise the Postmaster-General bad given bim. He rose particularly to refer to a matter which was outside the colony rather than within it, but which he thought might appropriately be referred to in connection with the Estimates for the Post and Telegraph Offices. He observed that a deputation of very promi nent colonists resident in London had recently waited upon the Hon. IV. H. Wilson in connection with the advisability of having a 'U'&s; costly telegraphic communication betweea Grout Britain and the oolony. He could hardly expect that the representations of that deputation were yet before the Government; but he was very glad to see that Mr. Wilson had received the deputation courteously, and had coincided with their views. During the two years he had been at home he had had frequent opportunities of hearing the opinions of leading business men in London -as to the unfortunate position Queensland occupied in consequence of the tariff ivpon cablegrams which existed at the present tune. The Reuter Company issued a tariff of rates, and the rate to South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales, in addition to the registered indication or address, was 4s. 6d. a word, while the rate to Queensland was 9s. 44. a word. New Zealand was also outside the arrangement, and from that it was inferred in some quarters that Queensland could notfoim r-of the island continent' of Australia, the existing' arrangement Queensland was placed in a veiy interior position to that occupied by the three oolonies he had referred to. The wont feature of it was that though their tariff was nearly double that of the other colonies he referred to, it was evaded; because messages for Queensland were writ to Sydney at the 4b. Sd. rate, and from there to this colony at the rate of 2s. for every tea words. No doubt some expression of opinion would be given on the subject by the Go vernment before the session closea; and be would not dwell further upon it now. He had risen chiefly to say that, from bis personal ob servation, he was aware that the feeling in England-and especially in London-of men largely interested in the oolony was that Queens land was placed at a great disadvantage by having a tariff upon cablegrams 100 per cent, in excess of the tariff existing with respect to New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. The CHIEF SEORKTARr said the matter mentioned by the bon. member was deserving of more consideration than it was likely to get at that hour of the evening; he therefore moved that the Chairman leave the chair and report the resolutions to the House, and ask leave to sit again. Question put and passed. The House resumed ; the resolutions were ordered to be received to-morrow; and the Com mittee obtained leave to sit again to-morrow. FEDERAL COUNCIL REFERRING BILL. FIRST READING. The CHIEF SECRETARY. in pursuance of leave of the House, presented a Bill to refer .certain matters to the Federal Council of Aus tralasia for the exercise of legislative authority thereon, and moved that it be read a" first time. Question put and passed; and the second reading of the Bill made ati Order of the Day far to-morrow. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. NOTICES op Moiiok. The CHIEF SECRETARY said: Mr. Speaker,-I was prevented from being in tbe House this afternoon, and giving notice of motion on a matter of great interest to the community generally-the incursion of rabbits-and, with the permission of the House, I move that eo much of the Standing Orders be suspended as will allow of notioes of motion to bo now given. Question put apd passed. The CHIEF SECRETARY then gave notice of motion for the introduction of a BUI dealing with the rabbit question. v Other notices of motion were also given. ADJOURNMENT. The CHIEF SECRETARY said : Mr. Speaker,-The first business to-morrow^ after the reception of the resolutions passed in Committee of Supply, will be the second reading of the Federal Council Referring Bill, and we will tW proceed with Committee of Supply. I move that tins House do now Adjourn. - Question put and passe^. .. | . The House adjoined-at twenty-five minutes 1 past 10 o'clock. 