THE SECRET OF BABRAYOE. 'No particular reason,' she said evasively. ' That is not quite the fact, is it ? When you know mo a little better, as I hope you will, you will see that I am to be trusted, even with a secret,' 'It isn't a secret,' said Kathleen quickly, with what I thought unneces sary energy. ? ' j. aui suit; juu uic ukjv auijr, uuu iu would be very silly to cry for nothing.' 'I /am not so wise as you think,' said' Kathleen, breaking off a piece of honeysuckle, and twirling its tendrils round her fingers. - They were not the thin and delicate fingers of a town-bred young lady, but the brown shapely fingers of a girl who gardened and milked, and used an oar, conld tie a fly, or hold a fishingrrod ; yet, at that moment, I preferred them to the 'whitest and1 fairest in the land. There was something true and simple about the girl which, with all the foolish mystery she. affected, drew me heartily towards her. *' Then, if . you . will tell me nothing about/yourself,' toll :me about the garden. Who'takea care of it? ... Your gardener ? seems fond ! of sweet-smelling flowers. ThiB'place must be a perfect paradise to the bees.' ?' The .gardener is myself, and — the cowboy ; not a bit romantio, you see. I plant a little and I weed a little, and things go tip somehow; but, of course, it isn't like a regular garden, such as you are accustomed to ; it's only a kind of' wilderness.' ' How do you know what I am ac customed to ?' I asked, bending forward to .catch a glimpse of her face under the broad hat. ' I can see you are a gentleman, and I. suppose — well, Mr. Barclay, you never lived in a place like this.' . ' I think it is a very nice place.' ' ? ;? ' I love it,' she said simply, because I' was born hero ; but I can see its short comings, and how dreary it must seem to you, and ? ' 'This garden is not dreary.' ' No, because it is summer; but- in. winter there arc no flowers, and the weeds grow so, and the paths arc damp and sticky, and the dead leaves choke up . everything, and the creepers hang about ; ilike withered skeletons— it is dreary then, Mr. Barclay!' . I could imagine the scene perfectly, and 'seeih' my mind's eye {?Kathleen, a paleifftlii i ghost, sadly flitting about the dank and decaying vegetation. .' Well, don't let us think of that j it is summer how. : . y xes, it is summer, suo said, witn a: sigh; then presently, with a quick ?little- movement of interest, 'Tell me about England, and your life there.' 'I told her all I could think of that was likely to interest her, about my early-struggles, and my determination to make/ a? name for- myself ; and that Fortune had come to me and enabled me to give comfort and luxury to my mother's deolining years; and how, though I loved America, which had been to me a generous foster-mother, my heart1 still yearned towards the old country. 'I can .Understand that,' she said, turning to me: warmly. ' And even if .America was ever so nice, it- could not be home.' We -walked on for an hour or so. Kathleen grew .bright and animated, and. laughed. as freely as she had done in the morning ; but she never told me the cause of her sorror, nor did she refer to it again. And as the sun declined and the home-coming rooks cawed above our -heads; Kathleen remembered it was supper-time, and we returned slowly to the? house. Mr. Donovan was in the study, more moroso than ever, though he condescended to ask me if I had enjoyed theirow on the lake, and whether I had caught any fish. I thanked him for his kindness in suggesting that I should stay, and told him what satisfaction I had received, to which he answered by turning away 'with a gruff, ' Don't thank me — you're welcome.' Atter supper, at which the trout was nrririniinhnrl excellent (indeed. I seldom ate a Better), Mr. Donovan called to his daughter, who was sitting in her favorite place in the window sill, to sing some thing. .-,. 41 MrX Barclay will-'liko it,' he said ; come,- Kathleen, give us the ? Cruiskeen Lawn.'' ; Kathlcon hesitated, and looked at mo. ?'Pray do, Miss Donovan,' I said ; Irish-ahs havo always had a; greatcharm foriuo.' 'I don't know any music properly,' she said ; ' I never learnt the piano, and I can only sing things I have picked up front the people, and I dare say they are not a bit right.' .?.Never mind that ; besides, they aro all, new /to me, so I cannot judge.' Without further preamble she began : her voice, though not very strong was wonderfully clear and sweet, and she sang scv^ral'wild and pathetic songs with their appropriate accent. I listened, whilo her father helped himself ' frequently to the which stood at his elbow. I could see Kathleen's soft blind, and the branchos of the sycamore-treo swinging idly to and fro, and the spectral forms of the nettles and grasses in the yard ; within, with a kind of Rembrandt effect of candlelight, was the old man in his chair, nodding to tho time of the tune, or snapping his fingers to some more lively measure, and throwing a dark shadow against tho whitewashed wall. Suddenly the voice stopped; the'old man rose unsteadily. ?/'Kathleen, my girl — Kathleen,'- he said,! 'Hhat's; well done. Come along/. Mr. Barclay, come along.' He hiccuped out tho last bars of the song she had just 6nished. ' Now give us something to warm up our blood — you're dull as ditch water to-night. Have a glass, Mr. JJarolay. It's real potheen.' (Z*o b$ Continued.) 