HOW SHALL WE DECIDE QUESTION ?" THIS Now, which is tho worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to havo no dinner for your appetite! There are lots of people ou the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits ou appetite and health on both." that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But uiost of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too niuch food without au nppetitn, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Uitl'erent folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it Ls better to havo an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication iu which the wiiter says, I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food I was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment he lived on I If the latter, why ? Let him clear tho mystery himself. Ho says, " In the year I88U 1 changed my work fratu railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, aud then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, aud none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My bieath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest ami shoulders, which were always right before 1 had eaten anything. Then 1 was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball iu my throat, and act as if it would choke me." Wecannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed iu tio justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls a." pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat.rolled .oil' him. " 1 dreaded," ho says, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat." "After a time 1 got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, tho fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished stato of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverncd imagination. 1 " With great difficulty," he says, 1 I stuck to my work' for I had a wife aud family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has Buffered so much as 1 have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbors pain. There is a countlobs multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we dont happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to sread in a book of a case exactly like his own having 'been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr. Langstatf's, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. 1 should like the whole world to know what it did for me. 1 have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) UEORGE HDNT, " Carr Bottom Road, Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. flunk's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 