bmmtmieated. IS THERE SALVATION OUTSIDE THE CATHOLIC CHURCH? [By M. H. G.] There are very few doctrines of the Church so much misrepresented and mis understood aB the doctrine of exclusive salvation. From the meaning attached to it by non-Catholics one would infer it was not a revealed truth, that nothing waB heard or known about it until the time of its explicit promulgation by the Church, for the purpose, it is said, of preventing CatholicB from attending Protestant plaoes of worship, or exer cising that liberty of judgment in formulating a system of religious belief to direct their consciences. It is con sidered monstrously unjust by those who since the so-called Reformation have become their own religious teachers and pupils at the same time to impose upon Catholics a doctrine bo much " opposed to reason and common sense,'' so much out of harmony with the teaching of the Bible, and the individual liberty of every man to direct his con science in matters of belief. Further more, we are told the acceptance of this doctrine of exclusive salvation consigns to the lower regions every one who does not belong to the Catholic Church—a doctrine no doubt startling to all save those who understand what the Church really means by exclusive salvation. It is said by many Catholic writers that the best and most efficacious way of meeting opponents, and of removing the absurdi ties and startling doctrines the majority of them attribute to Catholics, is not exaotly by answering their arguments and pointing out their inconclusiveness, bHt by giving them a clear succinct statement of what the Church teaches. " Outside the Church there is no salva tion" is a doctrine of the Catholic Church, but in order to understand who are they who are outside the Church, and therefore not in the way of salvation, we must have recourse to the Church's recognised theologians. Theologians teach that this doctrine of exclusive salvation has reference only to those who are culpably outside God's Church, and has no appli cation whatsoever to those who are un consciously in error. As there are multi tudes of persons outside the Church who honestly and conscientiously adhere to their own form of belief, regulating their lives in accordance with the doctrines and precepts inculcated by the sect to which they belong, and never entertaining the smallest doubt of the divine institu tion of that sect, there can be no doubt that such persons can save their souls. In fact, a person may believe the Church to be a human invention, and to teach the greatest of errors; he may believe it to be idolatrous in worship, and even subversive of the moral law, and still be in desire, at least implicitly, a member of that Church, whose doctrines he explicitly detects. In the same way as a person may not, for instance, believe in the divine institution of the sacrament of penance, or think it was instituted by God for the remission of sin, and still be capable of eliciting an act of perfect sorrow for his Bins, which sorrow would explicitly exclude, although it implicitly contains the desire of confession. The doctrine of exclusive salvation doeB not then apply to those who are inculpably outside the one fold of Jesus Christ. It simply embraces those who are fully aware of the claims of the Church upon their allegiance, and who know it is the Chnrch of God established to teach the whole world, and to which was promised the abiding assistance of the Holy Ghost to protect it from error. I assume, in the explanation of this doctrine, that the Catholic Church is God's only true Church. It is, then, the culpability contracted by the wilful re fusal to belong to the Catholic Church which constitutes that grievous moral transgression precluding a person from eternal salvation. We can then easily meet the supposed difficulty which Pro testants put forth in opposition to the doctrine of exclusive salvation, when they say it is uncharitable, and contrary to God's justice to attribute to Him a doctrine which irrevocably excludes from salvation all who do not belong to the Catholic Church. It may be met in this way: All who are voluntarily and pertinaciously non-members' of the Catholic church when their consciences enlightened by God's grace tell them they are obliged under the penalty of grievous sin to be actual members of it, cannot save their souls., All who are inculpably outside the Church do not, of course contract the grevious sin committed by those who know they are obliged in conscience to become actual members of God's Church. This doctrine may be ex plained in another way: Baptism is necessary to salvation, yet a pesson may ' save his soul without the actual reception of the Saorament. For a similar reaaon it is necessary to salvation to be a member of the Catholic Church, and yet a man may save his soul in another communion. Baptism of desire suffices, with the intention of actually receiving it should an opportunity arise. In the same way, a desire of belonging to the true Church, which desire consists in living up to one's lightB and regulatiug his conscience in accordance with what he believes to be God's will, suffices for salvation without being an actual member. I need scarcely say I speak of those who are inculpably outside the Catholic Church. When a person has the desire of doing whatever he knows to be God's will, he thereby has the implicit intention of actually belonging to the Catholic Church, even though he does not think any church, Protestant or Catholic, is God's. Just in the same way as a person does not commit sin by the material violation of a law which he doeB not consider to be binding in conscience. There is no formal, and therefore no culpable, trans gression, where there is no knowledge on the part of the intellect and consent on the part of the will to the evil done. There can therefore be no formal obligation to belong to the true Church until it is known as Buch. I speak only of actual communion, and not of virtual, in which everyone having the Intention of fulfilling the law of God, as far as he knows it, is supposed to be. Before anyone can therefore be said to be culpably outside the Church, he must first know it is the Church of God, that all are obliged by divine law to belong to her fold, and that salvation cannot be obtained in any other church. With such knowledge of the claims of the Catholic Church on his adherence, if he still persists in some other communion, through pride, prejudice, training, or social connections, he thereby obstinately refused to hear God commanding him to become a mem ber of that one true Church established for the salvation of mankind. Refusing to hear God in a matter of such paramount importance, he contracts the guilt of grievous sin. Contracting the guilt of mortal sin and wilfully persisting in it until death, he loses his soul through obstinacy and perversity. Now, what is there harsh or unreason able in such a doctrine? Is not the principle underlying the doctrine of exclusive salvation propounded by Pro testants who find such fault with what they call Catholic intolerance ? Do we not, as a matter of fact, find Protestants inculcating the same doctrine which so horrifies them when propounded authori tatively by the Catholic Church ? And do we not find the doctrine of exclusive salvation preached by Christ himself in the new law, and sanctioned by Him in the old ? Has He not compelled us to " hear His Church " under the penalty of being in no better prospect of salvation than were the heathen and publicau ? And when He commissioned the Apostles to teach, did He not impose a cor responding obligation upon their hearers to believe what they taught? And so strict is this obligation that He says, " He that believeth npt shall be con demned." What is this but the doctrine of exclusive salvation, whereby we are commanded by God to believe whatever the ApeBtles and their successors teach ? But to return to our Protestant friends and look over the established doctrines drawn up by their theologians, we shall almost invariably find the doctrine of exclusive salvation, in some shape or form, inculcated by them. The Church of England in her liturgy appoints the Athanasian Creed to be read in her churches. Her ministers expound te their Protestant flock the absolute neces sity of believing the doctrines of the Trinity and Incarnation, under the pain of damnation. Is not this the doctrine of exclusive salvation 1 It will be no answer for them to say, " these mysteries are the foundation of Christianity, and must therefore be believed by all in order to attain salvation.1' But the principle is the same, and if there is nothing 1 antecedently wrong in attaching ex I elusive salvation to the belief of certain ! doctrines, such as the Trinity and Incarnation, what valid objection can be antecedently brought against the exten sion of such a principle to other doctrineB ? In fact, the doctrine of exclusive salvation antecedently presupposes exemption from error on the part of the church pro pounding that doctrine. The church which teaches with-divina authority, and is preserved from error by the abiding assistance of the Holy Ghost, of which assistance her marvellous unity, when contrasted with the contra dictory dootrines preached by those out side her communion, is an indication, must necessarily be exclusive, because unchangeable in what she teaches. The doctrine of Jesus Christ must necessarily be exclusive, because true and uncontro vertible in every detail. This is neces sarily admitted by all who profess the Christian religion, or by all who admit Jesus Christ to be God. But Protestants admit Christ to be God, and therefore they must admit His doctrine is true, and because true, exclusive. Whatever sect therefore does not profess nor believe the doctrine of Jesus Christ to be exclusive, virtually admits, by this very profession, that they are not in possession of the idoctrine of Christ, which from the hypothesis is exclusive because true; and not being in possession of . the doctrine of Jesus Christ, on what conceivable grounds can they logically assail the Catholic Church, which more consistently than they believes she must be exclusive because in possession of the full revelation of Jesus Christ ? Being in possession of the doctrine, of Christ and endowed with divine authority to com municate it to all mankind, she must necessarily be exclusive in the message she has been commissioned to . impart. She is therefore more consistent in preach ing the doctrine of exclusive salvation, than are ProtestantB in rejecting such a doctrine, when they profess they are in possession of the full revelation of Jesus Christ. The foregoing principles may be applied, in the following manner, to the different classes of persons who are outside the Catholic Church; those outside the Church may. be practically considered to be included in the following classes :—Unbaptised. children who die before attaining the use of reason ; those who have attained the ubo of reason, but to whom Christianity has; never■- been preached ; and those to whom Christianity is known in some of the various- Protes tant creeds introduced since-the so-called Reformation. It may therefore be asked, how can the Catholic doctrine-!—Extra ecclesiam nulla est salus—(" there is no salvation outside the Church")—be recon ciled on the one hand with God's , desire to save all, and on the other with the belief that the Catholic Church , is the medium of salvation to all ! For God, as St. Paul expreBBly teaches, " .will have all men to be Baved, and. to come to the knowledge of the truth " (1 Timothy 4. 4.). As regards unbaptised infants, it is the common opinion of theologians they shall enjoy, after death, A natural state of happiness.; for as their souls are des titute of sanctifying grace, they cannot, be heirs of Christ, and. can therefore never enjoy . the beatific vision.:. With regard to those unbelievers, heathens, or pagans, who never heard of Christ, it is the commonly received opinion of theologians that medicinal graces by the aid of which they can fulfil the natural law and over come the difficulties in the way of its observance, will be conferred -upon them ; but the workB performed by means of these aidB remain within the order of moral uprightness. If they co-operate with these aids greater graces are given whereby God will .bring them to a super natural end by the beginning of faith, either . by means of men Bent to. this purpose* or by an angel, or interiorly by Himself, or in any other manner, as it may seem good to Him. Hence the theological Baying:—Facienti quod m se est Deits non denegat gratiam,—"To him that does what he can God will not deny grace. " With regard to the third class of persons, who are outside the Church and who may be classified as Protestants,, we can give no better illustration of the application to them of the doctrine of exclusive salvation, in so. far. as it con cerns them, than by quoting the following important words of the late Cardinal Manning:—"It is to me a consolation and joy—I say it again and again, and more strongly as I grow older—to know that in the last three hundred years multitudes of our countrymen, who have been born out of the unity of the faith, nevertheless believe in good faith with all their hearts that God has revealed himself in Jesus ChriBt, and that what they have been taught from their child hood is His revelation, and that He haB founded upon earth a Church, and that the Church, which in their baptismal creed they call the Holy Catholic Church, is the phurch in which they themselves have been baptised, reared, and instructed. It is my consolation to believe that multi tudes of such persons. are in good faith, and that God in Bis mercy. will make allowance, for them,. knowing what are the prejudices of childhood, of an educa tion studiously erroneous, what is the power and influence of parentis and of teachers, of public authority, and of public opinion, and of public law, how all these things create in their minds a con viction that they are in the right, that they believe the one faith, and are in the one Church, in which alone is salvation." 