STUDIES ' IN THE "FITZROY LIJIRAICY.' ¶ (BY E. W.%S;)- !I , , Por?ro literature constitutes one, of )the greatest charms of our local temple of kdowe. ledge.• British poetry, From Chancer to Tennyson, holds high favor beside the classic models of Greece and Rome. Italian song is well represented by Dante, Petrarch, Boccaccio, and Ariosto; while that of Rhine land is reflected in the masterpieces of Goethe, Schiller, Heine and others. This paper will treat of a few poetic gems taken from the archives of our library, sn days that have long since faded in gloom. The imagery and descriptive powers of poetry, which bring the commonest objecto vividly before the mind, are among the choice things of the easket of memory. The first work contain. ing all the characteristies of true poetry is the Holy Scripture. The fervercnt tendrness of David, the minstrel king of Israel, the pastoral sweetness of Solomon, the wisest of men, the prophetic grandeur of Isaiah, the pathos of Jercmiah, and the majestic imagery of Job. have rarely been equalled and never surpassed by any of the poets of ancient or modern times. The poet may be called the only real chronicler of nature ; he alone can grasp her subtle spirit, analyze its secrets, and clothe them in glory and in light. The human heart in all its wild yearnings, the feathery songsters of the air, the million hued flowers, the azure sky, the star-lit night, and tie ever-restless sea are the in. struuments with which the poet is able to Sdiscourse most eloquentousic."i.Som the finest passages in poetry are pictures of intense reality; and of the loveliest ever conceived is that in Dante's "Purgatoris, " where the poet meets with a group of timid spirits, who are compared to a flock of sheep; as no translation can convey the beauty and simplicity of the original, We give both : "Come le pcoreslla resso de chiuls Ad una. a dr a tee, c nlearm stannoe Timidette atterndo loechio t muse, E l o he is la prima el altro faneno, Addossdoasi a la sl.1a t'ar ,a, Simplie e quieto, o'lmpeche nonsanno.'. " As sheep issue from the fold by one, and two and three, and the others stand timidly bending their eyes and muzzles; and what the first does the others do, pressing one on another, when one stops, simple and quiet, and know not why." Nothing can surpass the wording of this description, except' the "pieturesque appropriatnees" of its appli scation. The melancholy murmer of the winds from the woods pabsiog over a grove of olive trees ; is exlqusitely described by Virgil:-, . , , And o'er them iged sithucismol mslodics, Vaguly and int, swoon fromm the kindly, ombrm , Woods, yellow with Auntmn. " Tvo well knowun lhnes of Cattullhs imago for os the beautiful Lake Com':' "Whose Ifair pellucid waters break In mlay.s clmplng stmu." But what lovely descriptive passages oand beauty-pictures. enchant the soul in plase. ing through the pages of the English hards: The following from Lord Byron's "Manfred;" in which the " Mountain Spirit " responds to the invcaction of the Maicin n; is a 'fine example of nervous desription and forcible imagery.:- "' Mont Blanc is the monarch of the mountains, They crowned him long ago On throne of mrocks, in a roe ol cloued with asdldem of enow. Around his ibrt are foreste braced, The Avalanche in his hand; But, ere it fall, that thudcering ball Most usse fr my command. The glades's cold and restless mass Moves onard day b day, But i am he who bia it pass Or with its lee delay. I am the spirit of the olaoe ; Could make the mounain bow, "" And quiver to his omerned base And what with me Mould'et thoun" This passage is a speaking picture full of mnajesty and strength. Its language too is what Artists call "admirably in keeping." How magniflcent the coronation' of the "monarehof the mountaiis, ~!on'a i"throne of rocks " robo? in mist, and capped"wlith' the diadem of an Alpine inter; oand his girdle of forests, those trees that grow on the mountain side, and wave spectre-like over the abyss beneath. Grasping the avalanche, or fallnig mass of ice completes thu character of the lonntain Gennis. In Shelley's trausltidn of cGothes "Faust, " there is a description of a land storm; mark how vigorous the picture: "A cloud thickens tho'night. I nark ! how the tempet crshcs theosgh the for?s, The owls ay out in ftrsngo affright; The columnsaf the evergren palaces Are split and sbattered The roots creak, and stresch, and groan - And ruinously overthrowr, The trunks re ershed and ?attred By the smrce blast's unconquerable stiess, - Orer each other crack and cr?sh they all In toerroble ad lotertoyled lall And throueh the runs of the shaken mountain, The airs his, and howl, In this fragment we her the, storm spirit roaring among the gnarled branches of the "ever green palaces ;" louder. waxes the terrible voice. The trees toss their thousand arms-then a rash as of the winging of a host of tempest demons-heaven's cannon thunders and cleft by the lightning, the forest is a wreck. The following image of consumption by the same poet, evinces a master touch in its delicate painting. A youth is attacked by the fell disease, and its fatal progress is thus told : "Hlsehae becomes lesls ple thau air, As rose o'ershadowed Mle are. .. SA rose overshaowed bya lily !i Oh lIhow fin I The kiss of corruption has touched its victim, lighting up his cheek-like suns. light over a cemetry, with a glow that only the more plainly shows the mortality in ruins beneath. A melancholy finish is given to the pitntue, by the lines that say : " And Bsoon his bright and sunny'hafr, ' In this alone Iess beutifull, Like grassl in tombs grew wild and rmre. " In the last line Shelley draws- a' perfect image of the hair of the consumptive, which he likens to "grass growing amid tombs. " Inrhis " Idylls of Kings, " Tennyson has a fine hit of imagery. He tells us how "Laoncclot," the Zvaliant knight, and Guinevere, the uahappy Queen rode to Camelot "Under gorove that looked a paradise 01 blossom, over sheets of hyacinths That seemed the heavens upbrcaking throu-h the earth. - The hyacinth, that beautiful flowcr--nt once the symbol of love and death, constancy and sorrow, has been described as a purple mist seen through openings in a wood. Teony son's beautiful simile mnakes the sheets of hyacinths appeaor to us the blue heavens rising:from the earth. Another passage by the same writer contains a beautiful reality. "The Lotus Eater " wishes : "To dream and dream, like yonder amber light, That will not leave the myrrh bush on the height. " Itere the " amber light, " asocialed with the " myrrhbush "--myrrh being of an anbcr color-heightens the effect. In Hcrrlck.s "Oberon's Feast," there is some very choice word-painting. Among the dainties set before the fairies is;:- "A pum seed pesr el cinun de?" n Broe7bt snd bee'ctensd in a blues And pervesnt ctolet ; "c moonsprched 4 ol purest wheet. wth ome smal llgiterlng gelt to Set" The following is from Heat's "Endymion." Picturiog a drowned maiden, the poet "-Cold. h bold indee . tem: her solr lomb,, snd liies aommon Weed, The sea Senlltook her hair." Regret and love seem mingled in the expression.--" Like a comcon weed," regret that the ova should destroy that forus which lore would for aye have cherished; and thcose ringlets, so prized, to he tossed snd drenched like a "common weed. " Fow i, English literature can approach the sensuous imagery and delicate word- painticg of Keaot's. HistGreek ibaginstion has clothed every thingin the loveliest diction. Passing out of the somibro solitnde of "Hyperion" throuhl: tice ghost scene in "Isnbella" we enter tbe esquisite ioterior of the "Eve of tS. Agnes" only to yearn for the sommer wildersesonof nI wera in "Eudymion. " LI is wild,'" wayward; melancholy; " enchsnt ing; like the."echoing grottoes fall' of tumbling waves.and: moonlight " or the : solitary.gus through mighty star-clis--me woodas if the ebling air had but one sound." One bf the sweetest passages in Byron. !'Don Juan"--a poemof beauty andfilth, purity and uglinoess --is that which describes lady in sleep; dreams disturb her rest, and their effect on her. future is thus told :- "Andl edeo's weaet lipe momered lie ah brook A wordle elmusic, and her /?es so ir Stirrd vith her dreams oas lee laret thte ir.~ How chaste the image of her "sweet lips " murmering " like a brook," and oh how artistically her features are delineated, when stirred like "rose leaves with the air " which evinces a mastery over poetic conception rarely surpassed. Suchlines as these go far to redeem this poem's moral deformity.. A little fragment from the gifted but unforf fortunate A. L Gorddn, certainly" the greatest of all who have sought to wke the lyre of song on the shores of the 'Austral clime. The poet addresses the oceno: - "You come and yourcremt are Ooaej With the foam o your coultles yee ; You brenak with a ranlbow of lery, Through rthe praoy of "glittering t?mnr," Is a true picture of wild w?aves we lighted by,- a morning sun. 'Here must close. Many restless years 'have passed since the writer first'-culled -poetio garlands from the Helicon groves of th, Fitzroy Library. And although he can mournfully say : A wiserh badl haove lknosw,? . TLmn when I loitered teor , t h t Pot in my wisdom there i wone, Andl o : knowledge e - Still he doe" not altogether regret-thu hori spent In. the perosa" ofothe.:poete:.whoeoi sacred straoins at once lofty-and sublime, tell of a higher and better world, that of the' Ideal:- , - • :: "' where tree from toil and pain The weary soul may rest.? , 