A FATAL PAST. CHAPTER XX. MR. TWISS LISTENS. BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of “Footprints in the Snow,” &c.;,&c.; Mrs Twiss was a very devoted wife, and loved Mr Twiss in a surprising manner con sidering Ins personal attraction!). Yet even Mrs Tiviss felt tier mean- looking little spou-e to lie in the way mi the afternoon of Lely KimiMH ire's proposed visit. She tried tnimiiiv him, therefore, to go to some place of aiims-ment, and playfully put a lialf surr-ign into his eager hand (for Tommy dearly loved money), and urged him to go Mi: and tr:joy himself. Tommy look the half- sovereign, hut did nnt si'i in in a hurry to leave tile Lady’s Wardrobe. He began to suspect indeed tint .Mrs Twins Hunted him for some reason of her own to leave the house, and this made him very suspicious. At last he did go, but wily round the corner of the next street, where he cnuid keep his eye on the Lady’s Wardrobe, and after waiting a short time lie was rewarded hy seeing a hansom drive up to the door, from which Lady Eunis inore descended. This circumstance alone, the fact that Luly Ennismore had arrived in a hansom, increased Tommy’s suspicions. Lady Ennis more always went there in her own carriage, so why should she go in a hansom now, Tommy reflected, and he felt convinced there was a mystery about it. He therefore approached his own door a little nearer, but waited quite half-an-hour before anyone else entered the Lady’s Wardrobe. Then, a tall shabby man, who had once been good-looking, bill was good-looking no Inngei; a man worn and weather-beaten, came slouching along the street, looking at each door-Hity ns he passed, and when he perceived the old fin-ry hanging behind Mrs Twiss's windows he stopped short and glanced at the name above the shop. Thi« seemed to satisfy him, for he at once went up the raised steps from the street, aud entered nt the door and thus disap peared from Tommy's view. ‘ An infrgu". I supposp,’ thought Tommy; ‘Martha should nnt encourage such things;’ (Martha was Mrs Twigs’s Christian name) •and yet perhaps they pay', but she should have consulted me—but women ore full of trick?.’ In the meanwhile let U 9 follow the tall, weather-beaten, world-beaten stranger into MrsTwiss’s ptesence. Tliiswortliy woman was standing behind her counter watching for him, and she gave a slight start, and bit her under lip as lie crossed her threshold. He glanced round quickly as be did so, aud then addressed MrsTwiss. ‘I came h»rc to meet a lady ?’ he said, in quiringly, looking at the comely’ stout visage before him. But the next moment his ex pression changed. ‘ Why, Lorimer, old girl, is it actually you? This i? a surprise, nod yet I might have known Katherine would come to you about anything concerning me if you wrre still in the land of the living. Well, hmv me you? But I tired not ask; why, woman, you are six times the siz" you were.’ *1 do not quite understand, whnt you are talking about, Bir ? answered Twiss, in a reserved and somewhat faltering tone. The stranger upon this winked one of hin bloodshot eyes. ‘ Oh yes, you do now,’ he Raid; ‘ yon under stand very well who I nm, and all about it. I am George Roche, whom you knew long agn, and who was supposed to end his mortal career in the deep seas. And you know I have written to Katherine Malden, your old mistress, now called Lady Ennis mnre, to tell her I have cast up again, and Tve no doubt she is waiting for ine here.’ Mrs Twiss hesitated for a moment, and then she said coldly enough. ‘Perhaps you will walk upstairs into the drawing-room, sir, and I'll see if any lady is here.’ The stranger gave a hßrsh laugh. ‘You women are fine actresses,’ he said; ‘well, lead the way, Lorimer, and I’ll fol low.’ Mrs Twiss accordingly led the way up the staircase to the drawing-room, and hav ing requested the visitor to take a sent, she descended again and went behind one of the rows of old gowns hanging on a cord across the shop, behind which Lady Ennismore Was standing with a face so ghastly, so horror-stricken, that the poor woman gave a kind of cry, and ran forward and took one "f Lady Eunismore’s cold handß in her own. 'Oh! my poor lady’,’ Bhe whlsptred, ‘I fear it’s but too true.’ ‘lt is true,’ answered Lady Ennismore, in a hoarse changed voice, ‘it i? George Roche—Lorimer what shall we do?’ ‘ He seems in a poor -way; no doubt we can bribe him,’ said Lorimer, still in a whisper, ‘ there is nothing else for it, my lady.' ‘‘But to see him, to speak to him aga'n ! muttered Lady Ennismore, with a gesture of utter aversion, ‘lt is 'too dreadful, too dreadful !' ‘ Did yon bring any money, my lady ? asked Lorimer. ‘Tes, I have two hundred pounds in uoto?. 1 ‘I would just give them to him, and get ri <l of him, and agree to give him a small yearly sum,’ advised Lorimer, 1 and I dare say ho will he satisfied.’ Lady Enuismore gave a low moan, as if of anguish. ‘I shall never have another happy hour,’ she said. ‘Try to make the best of it, my lady 7; lie daren’t say much, you know, because—of that affair about the youug officer's money long ago.’ 1 Yes, he is a felon,’ answered Lady Etiuis more, bitterly. ‘ But come, do not let us Wa ste time—come with mp, Lorimer.’ She grasped her old servant’s band as if f°r support, and, together the two white Deed, trembling women went slowly "P the Btairs, and Into the presence °f the man who was waiting _ for them. His haggard face flushed a little as they entered, but still with an air bravado he held out his hand to Lady Ennismore. ‘Well, Katherine,’ he said, 1 after loDgj years we meet again,' I Hut Lady Ennismore shrank from his touch, fixing her eyes with a sort of shrink ing Imrror on his face. ~ ou know me again, I suppose ?’ inquired the man, with a short, harsh langii. ‘I am only the ghost of my former self, it’s true, but still there’s enough of- me to ricoguise, isn’t, there ?’ \es, said Lady Ennismore, forcing her- Belf to speak, • you are George Roche.’ moß _t humble servant to command! . ell, Katherine, you seem to have gone tip. in the world at the same rate I have gone i't ll^ 11 P as k * 9 th o P aBfc ** I believed you dead,* said Lady Knnis more, iu a trembling and broken voice; to me you are dead, but still for the sake of old times I am ready to help you.’ t am much obliged to you,*ecoffed Roche; for the sake of holding my tongue, I sup pose, about n certain little ceremony, n per fectly legal one, too, mind yc, which took plane long ago, and of which my friend Lori mer here was wi-toess.* ‘You had best not speak of it, sir, 1 said Lorimer quickly; *mv lady is willing and able to help you, but you’d best let the past alone, or •‘■her ugly stories might cotno up, which would be rather awkward.’ Rr.che gave a sort of mocking bow. ‘Thank you for reminding me, Lorimer, of my stupid little mistake, but no harm can comp to me from that now; the man Colonel Daubeny is dead, and I* don’r suppose even if he had been alive he would have been vindictive enough to rake up old scores.* •Still, sir, you must see it’s best to let the past alonp; my lady was only a child in those days, and I think with shame now that I acted as I did. Lady JSnntsmore will, lam sure, allow you a small num a-ybar, on tho condition that the has never og*iu to' bo mentioned between you,’ answered Lori mer, who was a woman of business, and kne w who to make a bargaiu. Roche gave a harsh laugh in reply. I A small sum a year! 1 lie said contemptu ously; 1 that wou’t content me, my good Lorimer. I want a big sum a year for giving up an much.’ * You had better name your price,’ said Lady Ennismore with great bitterness. Ooc wants a long price for the los3 of a wife and half of a big fortune, Katherine. However, I’ll be moderate. Will you give me a lump sum down of five hundred pounds, and agree to allow me two thousand yearly?’ ‘I cannot,’ answered Katherine Ennis more with quivering lips. ‘I could not allow you such a sum without Lord Ennis more’s knowledge, and he—’ ‘ Well, what would he do ?’ ‘H" would make no bargain with you at all! He is incapable nf acting as lam doing now—nf buying yoar silence.' ‘That’s hll very fine,’ grumbled Roche, ‘but perhaps, though he is such a grand gentleman, he would not like to loße either yon or your fortune without a struggle; ami you’ve children, ton, haven't you, Kathe rine ?' ‘ Ye-?’ and then Lady Ennismore suddenly broke down, mid fell sobbing on a couch that was standing noar; ‘ for their sakes I should die before this should be known. I —I wi uld kill my sell!' ‘You ought to he ashamed of j’ourself, sir,’ said Mrs Twiss, indignantly, ‘to act as your’c doing. You induced a child long ago to commit a great folly, and then forsook her at her time nf need. And now, after all these years, you’ve come hick to try to take advantage of you’re disgraceful conduct. Don't cry, my dear lady; give him the ready money that you've brought, mid let him talk reason about the yearly nllnwnnon. Two hundred is too much, hut prrhaps you would glvo that?’ I I will give yon five hundred a year,’ said Lady Ennismore, in voice broken with sobs, ‘on the condition that you keep nh'solute silence about the past, and that you keep your present name of Johnson and drop that •of Roche for ever. Ami I have brought two hundred with me, in notes, mid will give you these on the same conditions. ‘ It’s too little, Katherine,' Raid Roche, who felt rather ashamed nf himself under the reproaches of Mrs Tiviss and the sight of Katherine’s tears. ' I didn’t mean to for sake you long ago ns you know very well, hut that cursed business at the barracks forced me to fly. and there was no help for it.’ 'Let it nil he forgotten,’ said Lady Ennis more, still in that tear choked voice. ‘As I said before, you are dead to me, nnd for the sake of my dour husband and children only lam iip.t.ing ns I am doing to-day. I will give you the sum I named—’ ‘ Make it a thousand a year, and I'll take it, and hold my tongue. And ns for the name of Roche, curse it, in never brought me liny luck until now, and I’m ready enough to drop it for good. So let us strike a bar gain—give me the two hundred now, and pay n quarterly income of a thousand a year into some bank we can fix on to the name < i George Johnson, mid I’ll promise not to interfere cither with yon or Lord Ennismore —but I won’t take less !’ 1 Very well. You shall have it. Lorim-r will arrange about the hank with you, ami 1 will give her the money to pay in to your account. Give him this, Lorimer,’ nnd Lady Knnismore drew out a roll of notes from her carriage-bag; * ami—ami now will you go.’ ‘ But I must have it in black an/1 white ?' ‘ Do you doubt my word ?' said Lady Kn nisinnre, raising her head indignantly. ‘ I agree to pay it to yon.* ‘ But come, my lady, that's not business,’ said Roche roughly enough, for Lady Ennis more's haughty manner irritated him; ‘sup pose you were tn kick the bucket b-fore I do, what then? I must have a written agreement, signed by your hand, and a stamped agreement too, that on account nf keeping some family secrets I have to have an allowance of a thousand a year for life, to be paid by you nr your executors, or heirs. I will draw the agreement up, will you sign it?' • Yes,’ said Lady Ennismore, and a shud der of shrinking aversion passed through her frame, and she turned away her head as if the sight of this fallen and degraded man were hateful to her, ‘ We’ve settled it then; thank**, old girl, for handing the money,’ (tbiß was addressed to Mrs Twiss, who had placed the roll of notes in his baud). ‘ Well, Katherine, we made a bad business of it long ago, so I hope our second h-rgain may do better. By the bye, what about the child, did your mother strangle it ns.l suggested in rAy letter ?’ «It is (lead, 1 said Lady Ennismore in » low forced tone and again she shuddered. ‘We had better part now,’ she added and she rose. ... ‘ Good bye. then, and Roche held out lus hand, but Lady Ennismore drew back. ‘ What, not shake hand-* ? Come, I call that cool; well, never mind, I can do without it. I ivi’ll call on Lorimer here to-morrow, and brino the agreement ready to be signed, and she can transact the business between ur, as we know how trusty she was long ago ch Katherine? Good-bye, old girl,’ he ’added, holding out his hand to Mrs Twiss, who took it from motives of prudence; nnd then in his slouching way Roche moved to the room floor and opened it lust a moment after Mr Twiss, who had baen listening outside with his ear to the keyhole, had time to escape. Air Twiss had indeed conceived it his duty to see what was going on under his roof, and had followed Roche into the lady s ward robe and had stolen upstairs to the drawing room floor while the interview between Lady Ennismore and Roche was going on and from what lie overheard he considered lie had come into what ho called a good sb Roche opened tho drawingroom door to the upper regions of the house, and listened while Roche descended the stair case, and the next minute loud aud hysterical aobs fe'l on hiß ears. ‘He he,’chuckled Mr Twiss, ‘my lady doesn’t like parting with her money seem ‘"f'u the meantime the unhappy woman in the drawingroom had broken down in an utter paroxysm of shame, almost of despair. ‘ I must have been mad, mad Lonm.r . she cried. ‘A wretch like that—a low, onrdid wretch—and now iny dear ones at at home ! Ob, my God, if he should injure th ‘Hush, hush, my lady,’ ■»« Lormer, • lia’ll hold his tongue for the money, no fear of him; that sort would sell their souls if they’d got them to dispose of. 1 y B (To be continued.) I'rior to 1066 the horses of England were never shod, William the Conqueror being the person who is given tbol.credit of intro ducing horse-shoeing into the British Isles, 