Narrow escape. I never told anybody how very, very neat j I was to death that ni£kt. juet a year ago; but as I can now lcck buck and calmly re call each thought, cach word, each act, I think I will write it down as a warning to 811 who may find themselves similarly cir cumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that the-number may be lew. In the first place, my same is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the last ten years, the foreman and book-keeper ot the large lumbering establishment of Wil liam Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decBde,unless something better turns op. . Mr. Winston is the resident partner ana manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm,of which there are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largest share o£ what the mill cuts, although the amount of our Bales directly from the mill, to supply the country to the west of us, is quite large. . Well, one cold September evening, just as I was preparing for home, I heard footsteps on the ground outside, and presently the office door flew open, as though someone in haste had givan it a push, admitting a tall, stoat, well- dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone-Mr. Winston baving gone to the house some half an hour before, locking the sale, in which we kept our books and papers, and taking tbe key with him aa usual. I had already closed the damper to the stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down the lamp-but, of course,! waited. "Good evening, sir," said the man, bustling up to the etove, and kicking the damper open with his right foot. "Has Winston gone to the house ?" I answered that he had. i " When ? I was afraid of It." He drew out his watch-a very fine one, I thought. " I ehall not have time to go up," be | said. "The train is due in fifteen min utes." " I there any thing I can do lor you 1" I asked. "I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a despatoh that calls me home." " What name, sir ?" ««Anderson, of Andersonville.w I knew him then, though I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our best western customers. I said had been, for the reason that during the paBt ysar he had not been so prompt. In fact, he was considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to write him, and " punch him up a little," as he expressed it. The letter was then in the breast pooket of my overcoat. "Yon can leave the money with rue, sir, and I will give you a receipt." He seemed to hesitate, which settled me somewhat. X have never blamed anyone since, however. "How much is my bill?" he asked, eying me sharply. I I answered promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than half an hour be fore : j «Two thousand two hundred and mty ' pounds." " Humph 1 less than I supposed. Write out a receipt for that amount." He left the stove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt. "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature any where." i He drew from an inside pocket a large black wallet very round and full, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, he told me to run them over. It was a short and easy task, for each pile contained jnst twenty ten pound notes. The balance was in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them; but at last we got it so that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderson sprung for his travel ling bag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed the door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all right, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, and slipped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about me, but as Winston's house was at least a mile distant, I con cluded to keep it until morning, when I could deposit it in the bank. I closed the damper again, drew on my gloves, took the office key from tbe nail just over the door, and stepped up to put out the light. Aa I did so, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in bis hurry. I put it in my pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for the day had gone out on the train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well in the morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hurry that night, for I had an appoint ment; and I may as well state here that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months' elapsed. I hastened to my boarding place, ate my sapper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it, as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carrie was at home, of course, as she was expecting me, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor, I do not think a repetition of our conver-. sation would be very interesting, so I will pass over it, merely remarking that nothing, occurred to disturb me until I arose to take; my leave. Carrie went into the entry for my coat; and hat, that I might put them on by the; warm fire, but she came baok with only my hat. "Why, Fred, yon certainly did not ven ture out on snch a night as this without an1 overcoat ?" " No coat!" I exclaimed, in a dazed sort of: a way-for the thought of the money, flash ing npon me so suddenly,had almost stunned me. The next moment I tore past her like a madman, as 1 was. The coat was gone I Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the stair-rail, and caught it just in time to sup port myself. Carrie came running out, her face turning pale with alarm. i " Oh, Fred 1 are you sick ? Let me call mother and the doctor. You are aB Vihite as a sheet," " No, no, Carrie I" I entreated. " There, I am better now." And I was better. I was strong, all at once-desperately strong. And what brought about this change? The simple receipt which I had in my pocket. Anderson had nothing to show that the money bad been paid, and was not my unaided word as good ashiB? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and auite easy at once. "There, Carrie, I am muoh better now. The room was too warm, I guess. So some sneak-thief has dodged in and stolen my ooatl Well, let it go. It was only an old one, and I'll have a better." «But was there anything in your pookets ?" asked Carrie. It* is strange how suspicious guilt will make us. I really thought that Carrie sus pected me, and an angry reply was on the end of my tongue. I suppressed it, however, and ottered a falsehood in« stead. . : *' Nothing of conseqnenoe,.Carrie. A good pair of gloves and some other trifling notions." " * f " no worse, Fred. Now, i£ you will wait just a moment, I will get you one of father's coats to wear home." Thus equipped I left her. You may guess that my slumbers that pight were not very sound, nor very refresh ing. _ I never passed a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were < the subject of remark. p " Why, Fred, you look as though you had ! met a legion of ghosts last night"," e&id; ' Winston. " What is the matter V "I have had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a sickly smile. " And you'll have another, if you're not careful. You bad better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderson ?" I do not know how I managed to reply, for the question set me to shivering from h -ad to foot, and I was eo week that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I mast have answered in the affirmative, however, for he said: " Then we may lock for something from him to-morrow, or the nest day?" Im mediately after he added, " Why, Fred, yon shiver as though yon had the apos, and yon are sweating like a butcher 1 Yon're sick, man. Come I jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I locked myself in. Winston sent a doctor round, but I refased to Bee him. Then he came himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady came, then some of my fellow- boarders, bat I turned them all away. Ah I those were terrible hours that I passed and the night coming on brought me no relief. Can you not guees what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at last resolved upon self- destruction. I commenced my preparations with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fonrth envelope X enclosed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. All this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, email and in significant enough in appearance, but all sufficient. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, 1 sat down before the fire, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been life less, but just as my finger began to press the trigger there came a tap on my door. It startled me, and hastily ooncealing my weapon, I called out that I ooald admit no one." . " Not me, Fred ?" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of me. Quietly slipping the tell-tale letters, which 1 had left on the table, into my pocket, I opened the door. " Oh, Fred! yon are real sick," exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light lell on my face. "Why did yon not sent for me? Aren't yon better ?" "Worse," I answered, huskily; "bat Carrie-good Heaven's!" As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward; and then-I hardly know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, was my overcoat! Recovering from my astonishment, I snatched it from her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. Ton have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a madman, or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the grotesque dancing of savages. Well, jttdgiDg from what Carrie told me and from the ap pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, were it possible to concentrate the three above mentioned speoies of demons into one, their capering and dancing would appear tamo in compari son with mine that night. But I cooled down after a while, and just in time to save Carrie's head a thump from the chair or the washstand, which I had selected as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idly in one of the pockets. Well, t didn't have the brain fever over the affair, but I was next door to it. I made a clean breast of the whole thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at sell de struction. No one ever guessed that part of it, and I tell it to-day for the first time. I sent Mr. Anderson hiB receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right on with my dnties, a wiser and better man, I hope. And to-morrow, God Trilling, I shall lead Carrie to the altar. 