The Otago Witness states :— ' Ono of tho problems that racing clubs will bavo to solve in tho near, future is whether game propriotora and ready-money layers o£ odds are to bo tolerated or regulated or suppressed. Some oiubs seem to think tlmt they have already disposed of tho matter— they refuse these mon admittance to tho courses, and iniacino that that ends the question. I am not so sura that it does, iukI would like to say u, word or two in support of my reasons for disbelief in thi3 summary outtius; instead of untying the knot. As regards the men who promote games, it may be urged that thoir little side shows used to provide divorsion for many of he persons presont who took no speoial in terost in racing, or others who like to keep going and have uo desire to fill up the inter vals with drinking or betting. I for ono have often risked a half-sovereign at ' umlor and over' or some sueh game, and found pleasure in so doing, although knowing perfectly woll that tho banker's chances were against me ovon when everything was on the sqimro, and hundreds of others enjoyed themselves in tho samo fashion. I am by no moans sure that tho pleasure of going a-raoing is inoreased now these thinifs are forbidden. Rnoegoors have of lato years shown a tendency to become moro gloomy, ill-tempered, grasping monev mntors ; and if any of this is attributable tt- the policy of stonily repressing all i-ramos, of chance hut tho strictly buaiuesa-liko one of -etting, tbeu 1 say tSit we huvu not gained by tho change, a«l 2? there was tho ghost of a show of reinstating the old system, with propor precautions ugainst cheating, I for ons would strongly advocate doing so. I suy not a word in support of thu swindler, the common or garden tbiof who' wanted the rogue s chance as well as tho banker's j but surely it were possible to license respectable men to run these games. A maoh mor» difficult roform, has already been off eoted in he purification of raoing itself from th» frauds which wero its ourss befora tho Totali sator carao.' . 