gtito of the jforfc. Bill into Committee List week, and this week they passed the first three etiuses Mr. Murray inade another gaUant attempt to get the Oeutre included in the Hill, but was met by the whole strength of the Government aud defeated by a large majority. The Colonial Treasurer took the lead in overthrowing Mr. Murray, making a opcech that was ungentrous to a member who has straightforwardly fought a difficult battle, and ungrateful to a division that bas always sapporte I him with all its strength. Not the ghost of an argument did Sir Thomas M'Hwraith offer why the Centre should not be included in tlie Bill. Hie real arguments were that the Centre is an exceed ingly valnanle milch cow to the South, that it has rich lands wbicb can be sold, fine paving railways that maintain themselves and yield handsome surpluses, and a great trade tbflt ran be taxed all for the benefit of the Son til. Bu.t he did not state these. It would have been highly imprudent to do so, for the debate goes to London, wl*ere resides the superior authority which will carefully scrutinise everything said in the Bouse. So Sir Tbomaa STDwralth fell back on abusing Mr. Murray, which he did with great vigour. It was a sorry exhibition for one who has beld tbe chief office in the Government, and is still one of the most prominent and influential meu in tbe colonv. With the Government virtually declaring to ♦he House that the Bill would be dropped if tbe amendment were carried, of course the amendment was siinply crushed. Only nine members voted for it. Of these foox sit for Central conatituencies — JIcsbi-b. Murray, Callan, Paul, and Stevenson. This raised on this vital question. Messrs. Archer and Pattison are unavoidably out of the Horase, hut wtere was Mr. Jones? Did lie pair? With Mr. Jones voting the number would have been 6ve, -and Mr. Arcber'e and Hr. Pattison's votes, wiiich mifrlit fairly have eleven. Mr.CornVl.I, too, is not opposed to Central Separatiou, though he volej against tlie amendment, fearing it would jeopardise the Bill ; and his aim is to get the Wiutou district iucludttl in [lie North. The uenlher tliis ..vrek has been generally fine throagliout the Central Division. A few light showers fell in the eirly part in isolated districts of the interior, and finhsequeLtly Collaroy Iiad2iu.; but with these exceptions a lot dry lime, has lieen experienced. In Rockhaiuptou the weather 1ms been ,ery ry''g. The temperature doily liaa lieen to !):!' and on another to 93 . In parts of tiie west iil=o ;i high register has been recorded Alice reportii,,, IPT' un Tuesday, and Emerald 9(i. liaarts like these so nriv ,„ ,1... sun.lner .,v dividing: but the hope i» indulged ihiU me beat will be accompanied l.y ihe copious showers of raiu that would be welcome in all parts of the district. The cases tried in Hie Police Curt thi, «eet hive [.ecu few mil of uootneralinterest T or tin. 1 much saiiors belonging to the barque Runuyinede were l«.fore the Court on il..u -lav f... .lmwliiin, and ?ludiarjied, the sliin having sailed, ami the Freud, Consul .ll ' ., ,, '' adtl. to ''.r S'T-1'S population, lertL.c of tile lau^uapc of the people, iui.1 lltllc prospect of ciming a living! ' T'w chol.rra bas paswit its worst in Europe, that la the n,,^t gratifying item iu the eabl.' nicsaees receive.! tl.U week ? Australia,, nuances Lave been pretty freely discussed iu London, aud the citicisu, ha5 uot been alto Uh \\! ' T T''''- Tl'e ''''?holders of tlie Mercantile liiink of Australia are verv \-- marked by outFjickk* of di'^der.'^ Tb' re hare been great files in Paris aver the centenary of the Republic. It has been a much broken century, bat the Republic has now aver twenty years of continuous life, it has made up its quarrel with the Church and received the blessing of the Pope, and has maintained France decently before the world. These thing? give ground for ibe expectation that it will be permanent, though it must not be forgotten that it has yet to withstand the shock of a great war. ? Russia is still sending forward reinforcements to Pamir, and Captain Yanoff will certainly be heard of uext spring, if not before. 