A Russian Ghost Story. When tiS" Wintei' lace was inishedlthb d empresappoint- oL-day-for taking poreso. e.. ion of it; and the.rlito of the guards, and a r: Oprw hieh was'compeed entirely of nble * o- mennmoohted ronrdrin the new' castle. i A :.relondark.corridorlead to the middledooroft S the white or throne.room. In the corridor S. two young noblemen were posted., It was t 'oapproacbing ten o'clock and the. Arrval of thhe empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of the youong men were attracted by a bright streak of light whichl .seemed to glide between them in the dark pussaen . Their eyes followed the light, and :they saw that it streamed through the key bole of the throne-room. Who could have any businers ont such an unusual hour in a .room ai-icb was designated only for the ro ception of foreign ambasjadorf Onp of the S' young men considered It his duty to inresti '"esgte the matter, and approached the doo, 1'0* for' that purpose, bht as soon as he hail glanced through the keyhole he called tl his companion in a whisper to come a'" eer. " ,The empress has already arrved," whip ?eited he; she is seated on the thtonedlrectly' :oppoite to the door." - . * The otheralso looked through the ape~ture S-.. tadsoon verified this to be afact:' The em ,, press was seated in a tranquil dignity on ?a .-. e olevated golden stool ander the red velvet . canopy, richly adorned with the lmperial :-arms of iuassla, a double eagle. The room ...: was brilliantly lighted ; but it ws impoe S-, sible to ascertain if any other persons were -present, as the thiekness of the door-laet ait allowed no side view of the apartment.' The' SLyouang'men returned to'their potse' and -.waited. Not long after one'of the higher -..-?bofiersppeared and said,-- " S ý.?"Yoa can all now retirt'. thesempreo will: n-?: aolehme to-night. '$t .' Z1,:- .... :-?'i"Bunt'her sajesty Is alreadj here.' " :. ,What? ?V Who?? ' - . . Her majesty is in the throne- roorno ,.' Impossible I" f- " You can see for yourself." T : he 'cffitcer looked, immediately recog . h nised the empress, and said wonderingly, " "I cannot understand iwhat the :marsha ?mean. Hea bas just arrived, and ordered .that . all- the guards be withdawn ; .the empress has changed her mind.' and will not arrive to-night. Nevertbe: less. I see tha she is here. Could she have S.ome secretly?" At all events I will sacer i tain what new order the marshal bhu lasu. ,,-:Meanwhile do you remain here as the em' . press may, pas this way." . : Themarshal..Prince Kuratin, was forta . -..atelyina the palace, and as soon as he heard \- iof the mysterious report hastened to the cor :i, ridor,and: peeped-la his turn through the ,"1 keyhole. - ' . ,'My God, it is the empress I Her majesty ,.be?self I What can it mean l".exclaimed be. . .ow. can.this be possible, when I have just left her presence I She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her *.,h ewn royal robes and jewels.;. There must De ia,.pme mystery behind this. Let all ,.i?etfrancce to . the throne-room be -gorded :.Let no one go in or out I will , .,haten to report atonce." .' , .,J.he distance between the two houses ,,b?ing quite short, tbhe marshal soon reasehed the small palace,temporarily occupied by the .empress. " Where is the empress r" \- "t?ber sleeping apartment." "The prince lookead at the lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply " Are you sre that the empress is hern " " Of course; she is preparing to retire." ',Inform her instantly that I am hers." \- 'In a few minutes Prince .Koratin, much excited, was conloeted..,into the empress' chamber. Tne empress stood before him in in 'night negligee. Keratin turned pale. :!" Well,"said the empress. ,you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is the matter with you f Is there any news from the army?" Kuratin hurriedly related what ha had seen. It is a knavish trick," cdoed Elizabeth. ""We will take a nearer look at these come. "dians. I will go, ino your sleigh. Koatl n frl± ýtfftih=~td='t~Ivtfetr-Oaace. eh ca s tellan was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers 'were com manded to load their guns, and led by ths empress the little troop betook themselves to \- the corrdor. The light shone as before through the khy. bole." The door was cautiously opened L[d Sa flood of light filled the corridor. The -empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard who placed themselves around her. The room.was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On ths throns was seated a .,shape, the counterpart of Elisabeth arrayed in, purple and . ermine, covered with. diamonds. and crowned with the royal dia ,dem.. One instant. Elizabeth .gazed .steadfastly at her, double, then moved for ..ward a few steps. Simultaneously the gp paritior stood up, stepped down lrom:the throne, and then remained standing as lam movably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment I "Fire I" cried the empress. - T 'he guards raised their' guns and all' six , aimed directly at the ghostly visitant."' 'The :triggers napped. At the name instant, the S-figure, clapped- its hands together, and the room was souddenly:plunged into' intenis ."darskness. Then followed a great commo ::lion and confuasion, while the empress ..eXled,- . ' S"Bring lightes l" ' Lights were speedily produced, and each. ..earner was thoroughly' searched,' but abso-. .. lately nothing coald be. found' to elucldate -the mystery. Every door was. locked and .,guarded. -The guards had seen no one leave . b., palace. - The. enipres ordered a more :thorough search. to be'made, but In vain ~ were all efforts made to discover the per. ,,,petrator of the trick, if trick it were.-' i-.The occurrence made a deeper impresslon \--upon Elizabeth than she would admit. light \--wekh. afterward. she died. 