' THE CHAMPION HUMBUG. The speech delivered by Sir Henry Parkes yesterday evening is an addi tion to the multitude of proofs already in existence that the author is the champion political humbug ot Australia. JLhe announcement that the ex-Premier intended to speak on the Address-in-Reply at tracted a large audience, and it did so mainly because it was taken for granted that the speech would be full of malice and all uncharitableness. If it had been expected that Sir Henry would have dealt with the subject before him in a dignified and statesmanlike manner many of the members, instead of listening to his remarks, would have played dominoes, or gone to the theatre. In the enter tainment provided for these individuals it may be assumed that they obtained full compensation for the sacrifices they made in coming into the Assembly Chamber/ There is internal evidence in the speech that Sir Henry Parkes was greatly annoyed because of the reception that the Premier got in England, and because he had been specially honored by the Queen, For example, the author omitted on several occasions to give Sir George Dibbs his proper title. When addressing his constituents a couple of weeks ago j Mr. Varney Parkes acted in a similar ; manner, and thereby indicated that | with regard tb true refinement he has no ambition to be better than his sire. Sir Henry Parkes began his speeclf by lecturing the leader of the Opposition for not moving a resolution "of censure on the Government, and an hour or two later he stated that he had endeavored to communicate with Mr. Reid on the subject. " Ho understood," he further remarked, "that through some mistake Mr. Reid either did not receive the communication, or that he did not understand its purport." If Sir Henry Parkes believes that the public in general will place implicit faith in this story he is greatly mistaken. If he had sent a message of the kind indicated by him to the leader of the Opposition there was not the ghost of a chance of its going astray. Had it been put into tho post- office it would have reached its destination without fail, because Mr. Reid is a well-known man ; and if it had been despatched by messen ger it would have been conveyed with equal certainty. On' this subject Sir Henry Parkes should throw a little more light. 'a -ftam vl/l un j ham a m A1UC1 HO IJtLU lilUUJCU 1U1 iiUlL UU hour in extravagant self-laudation —an exorcise which he has practised about a thousand times during his career — Sir Henry Paiikes proceeded to unfold his charges against the Government. These were so flimsy that even his own newspaper organs have passed them by almost in silence. He accused Ministers of having made improper appointments in connection with commissions, and of extravagant expenditure in connec tion with the improvements to the Parliamentary buildings. The Govern ment have appointed three commis sions ; the composition of two of them — the Schey Commission and thei one which dealt with Mr. Hoyle's charges concerning the Baldwin engines — has been ap proved by every person who has expressed an opinion on the subject. Regarding the Military Commission, its members are citizens of the highest standing, and their business know ledge is equal to that of .any similar number of men in the whole coun try.' Sir Henry Paricis played the humbug completely when he took exception' to these appointments, for everybody knows that no politician in Australia has abused the power of appointment more than he has. In replying to Sir Henry Parkes the Minister for Works gave the House a few illustrations of .the way in which lie had abused the privilege. And considering the fact that in the course of a few years the ex-Premier wasted hundreds of thousands of pounds of the public money in pur chasing articles unsuitable for the public service, his protest against the expenditure on the Parliamentary buildings, which, by tho way, was sanctioned by the Assembly, was a more than ordinary expression of impudence. Shortly before Sir Henry Parkes retired from office he purchased the Sobraon, and in so doing wasted many thousands of pounds of the tax-payers' money. There was no necessity for the expen diture, because the Imperial Govern ment had offered a verv fine ship to replace the Vernon; and besides, the nnnnf-.rv nlrfinriv nriRRARKprl f.hp Wa1_ verene, which is lit only for such a purpose as that for which tho Vernon is being used. Now for the charge based on the constitutional question. The Premier, according to Sir Henry Parkes, acted wrongly in leaving the colony, and in support of his assertion he quoted an opinion ex pressed by Professor IIearn. What Sir Henry Parkes declares should not be done has been done by a large number of Premiers in British commu nities. The late Sir Joiin Macdonald visited England several times -whilst he held the office of Premier of Canada. Mr. Cecil Riiodes visited England during the time he held office as Premier of Cape Colony. When Lord Salisbury was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom he occasionally spent many weeks at a time for re creation purposes on the Continent of Europe. And last of all Sir Henry Parkes, when he was Premier of New South Wales ten or eleven years .ago, made a long visit to the mother country. He now says that he acted wrongly in so doing; it is wonderful that he made the discovery only when he thought of discharging a quantity of venom against Sir George Dibbs. It may be here remarked that Professor Hearn, whom the Premier's -rancorous assailant quoted w1ui1 OU 1UUU1I OitllOI.UUblUU, lias expressed the opinion that the death or resignation of the Prime Minister dissolves the Cabinet. Several years ago, when Sir Henry Paiikes was at the head of a Government, he resigned his seat in Parliament be cause of his having incurred liabilities that he could not pay, but he took good care to stick to his. office. There was no talk then about high principle. His case, he con tends, was different from that of Sir George Dibbs. Of course. It would seem that Sir Henry is of the opinion that ho is' above all constitutional law or precedent. He is not to be judged by the standards applied to other people. The attack upon Sir George Dibbs is just what might have been expected from the man. During Sir Henry Parkes' severe ill ness tho present Premier showed tho former the greatest consideration. He paired, with him on all important questions, and declined to annoy him in any way. No doubt when lio did this he was aware that the object of all this kindness would embrace the very first opportunity to stick hjs poison fangs into him. A savage Red Indian has more of the spirit of chivalry than Sir Henry Parkes. Nobody, we are sure, can read with- \- i out disgust Sir Henry Parkes' critic cisms of the opinions expressed by some of the Ministers on the subject of the representation of the people. He asserts that they are not in favor of a man in Sydney having as much voting power as a man in the country, and he condemns them because of this atti tude. Now the Electoral Reform Bills that Sir Henry Parkes himself introduced last year provided that the country districts should have a larger proportionate representation in the Assembly than the city. In every paragraph in the long speech he de livered last night there is abundant proof that Sir Henry Parkes is the greatest humbug in the House, and that, therefore, he should not be tolerated by any self-respecting poli tician. But he acted the part of the Pharisee in quite an exceptional manner when he talked so grandly about paying all tho expenses of his journeys to Great Britain. He should not have given this information to all assembly that is thoroughly familiar with tho history of his' financial operations. One thing ' Sir Hnry Parkes may be sure of, and that is that wliilst Sir Gijorge Dibbs is in office he will not fail for £60,000; or, if financial misfortune should over take him, and compel him to assign- his estate, he will not imitate the de testable example of his critic and stick ' to, the Premiership. 