COUNTER and GROSS-COUNTER.. 9 9> California Athletic Club. i?. onormou8 orowd is expected to roll np to this olub to-night, to witness the fight between Jem Ryan and W. Hoffornan, the- well-known Victorian middle- weight. Theso men signed articles some weoks ainoo agrooiug to fight ti'a finish for a purse of AGO and a side-wagor of JH0f making a century in all. Wo can safely' say that as both men fancy they bavo a mortgage on the winner's end of tho purse a great con- tost should rosult. Every ono knows what uiui uvMi oui uo wnon no iure3. wo all know that no is a good speaimen of a sciontifio middlo-woight, .who can hit hard onough to stop most men his weight— ayo, and a bit over, too. Ho is qnick, and vory olovor with head, hands and feet, and it will take a very good man to beat him. Ryan is in splendid buckle, and fit to fight for his life if need bo. | Heffernan is not Known in this city, but I ho is a woll-known performer on tho Victorian 9 side, and has a vory creditable record. Both 8 Starlight and Tutfc Ryan tried hard to knock 9 him out in eight rounds, but they hadn't tho I ghost of a show. Heffernan is a steady, I sturdily - built yonng fellow, thoroughly I honest, and as ganio as they mako 'elli. No I funny business with Heffernan, who will I always fight to will. He is in very fair con- J dition just now and, as ho says, " If I'm beaten the pnblio '11 know I'vo.beon figlitin' ; I'll give 'em a good' fight alright, and I'm goiu' to win, if I can." That's what ho says, readers, and that's what ho'll do or wo aro greatly mistaken. It will bo a real fair aud squaro contest, and the boat man will win, whoovor ' ho may be. Thore will bo tho usual preliminary spars prior to tho fight, and we would adviso all who iutondfaeing present at this contest to go in good time and secure a good scat. Golden Gate. Tho " bookies" will bavo a real lively time at this clnb to-night, and aro out for gore, at least one of thom is, in tho person of Kenny Arthnrsou, a well-known performer with the gloves, who is out for goro and is going to try and kqpek ohips off Charlie Osborn, tho Pyr montpug. The two principals had a bit of a row the other night, and havo arranged to fight it out in orthodox fashion, thcrcforo wo i I may expect to see a very lively mill. It is pre- I sumed that tho layers of odds will baok their I man to win thorn a bit, so that if the sports I downPyrmont way. wish to make a bit they ff will liavp every chance afforded them of doing i so. Tod Flynn and Charlie Perkins aro to fight 1 six rounds or a knook out, and Miok Ryan and I Jim Bogio, and Joo Pablo and Diok Ellis will i a spar four rounds. Don't forgot that the I ontrancer to tho olub is now at 506 Kent- street. i Rhdfern Athletic Club I Next Monday night Aloe Rogers and Sandy I Ross will box to a finish at thi3 newly formod institution, which promises to boom along in rare style. Tho onergetio proprietor, Mr. Jack Rowan, lias added considerably to the s eating capacity of the gymnasium, which ia now capabla of affording comfortable seating accommodation for more that 400 people. In all probability the seating capacity will bo taxed I to its utmost nerfi Monday night, when | Sandy and Rogors meot. They ought to give 9 tho public a real treat in tho shapo of a stub- I born and well fought battle. Tho lads aro well matched, and being both in pretty' good condition, it is ' hard to pick tho winnor. However, go and do it yourselves, roaders, and you won't rogrot it, we oah promise you. 9 There will be four good preliminary boats prior to tho fight, and everything promisos to | go off in a thoroughly satisfactory manner, I Thore aro letters here for Jim Barron and I Charlie Dunn. 8 . Toby Travel's and Harry Perry havo been 8 matched to box to a finish at the California I Athletic Clnb shortly. We are snrry for | Perry, who hasn't a chance of winning. - i i Nothing has as yet been settled as to I Griffo's doparture for England, but we can I positively state that negotiations are in pro- I press T and it is quito on the cards that Griffo, I if ha can only Iio induced to make np his j mind, may leave for England within tho next 9 two or three months. I Geo. M'Kenzie, writing to a well-known 1 proprietor of a sporting hotel, says that he | reckons Frisco oity is a bit off. Sinco ho has 9 . been there he has seen any amonnt of fog and "dirty weather, and he says that the ohmato changes about five timo3 a day. Ho .sa w tho Dawson-Gallagher fight, and says Dawson won fairly, though he kept running away too much for George's fanuy. He also says that Gallagher is a very hard hitter, bat doesn't know muoli about the game. He reokons Sandy Ross could easily whip Gallagher, and says that Sandy is just the sort of lad who would beat him. \- Abo Willis, Harry Williams, Griffo, and Jim Barron are now all hard at work training for their respective onoonutors. Groat things Pre expooted from Williams- who, at ono time, was said to havo been good enongh to bo backod for 6500 to fight champion Griffo. I Tho lad has. a good reputation, but ho'll have to be a good ono to get away with Willis, who, in condition, oan probably beat any living bantam, bar George Dixon and, perhaps; ' Tom Gardner, tho olever English bantam, who recently defeated Nnno Wallaco, tho L Brummngen pot, in such deoisivo fashiqu. With regard to Jim Barron, ho greatly | fancies his chance with Griffo, and has a | deeply-rooted idea of viotory in his head. Well, wo shall soo j . but in any oaso it will be no disgraco to Gfiffo to be beaton by tlio New town oraok, who will havo a lot tho best of I height, weight, and reach. 