A BAPTISM OF FIRE. By Jeanette Van Alstine. •JI^ENYON BLAKE sat in his luxurious office, chewing the end of his cigar and mentally anathematizing the state of the Money Market, and the unreasonable and very inconvenient caution that had lately characterised even the most reckless of speculators. As a professional blower of bubbles, he had no patience with this timidity and caution— in others; and it was an unlooked-for exhibition of these undesirable qualities in a big fish, upon'whom he had of late expended much eloquence and more champagne at several expensive luncheons, and whom he had believed to be fairly hooked, that had disturbed his usually placid temper. Xi was one of the rules of his sclf-indui^ent life to dwell as little as possible upon anything disrgreeable, and to compensate himself for any unpleasantness by the first pleasure that came to hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened the handsomely-fitted liqueur-case which is always so important a feature of the promoter's sanctum ; and, having pulled himself together xith an expensive brand of whiskey, lib his cigar— also an expensive brand—and sauntered out. By the time he had reached Leadenhalistreet he had completely banished his disappointment from his thoughts, and in its stead had summoned before his mental vision an appaiition that was eminently a pleasant' one. To tell tbe truth, Bessie Langley's face and voice, and soft distinctive charm, bad haunted Blake pretty persistently for a couple of months; and it needed no great effort on his part to conjure up her image. Indeed, on more than one occasion lately, in the very heat and stress of a lively board- meeting, when he needed all his concentration and adroitness — for Kenyon Blake's board-meetings were never tame, but frequently very stormy—he had been startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence that had set his pulses dancing. To tbink of her, to wish to be with her, and to gratify that wish was the natural sequence to man of Blake's disposition, and in another minute he* was inside a hansom bowling rapidly westward, notwithstanding the fact that he had two appointments, and one board - meeting that imperatively demanded his attention that afternoon. ; Bessie was standing by the great north window when he came in, looking out upon the trim garden where the sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. With the swift gratitude of flowers; they had plucked up heart of grace under bis genial smile, and, turning their backs upon the east wind, bad resolved to bloom their sweetest. : " And what have you been doing lately? May I see?" asked Kenyon, after she had poured him out a cup of tea which he swallowed with a shudder, but accepted because he liked to watch the play of her white, deliberate hands. "Nothing; absolutely nothing. I have been horribly idle; a very blight of laziness seems to have settled on me. But let us talk of something else ; I am not in a working mood, as I told you. My brushes and I lire * out,' as Will Carleton would say." Poor Bessie! The restlessness and disinclination for steady work, that she called laziness, was the first effect of the disturbing element that was creeping into her life, and to which she had not become accustomed. Art bad for sd long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not as yet comprehend that any other feeling might claim more than a superficial interest from her. She was, moreover, a reserved and tender : woman ; and the' circumstances of her life had served to intensify this natural characteristic. ' Motherless at 15, she had been left to the care of her great-uncle, a simple-minded, latge-hearted old man of the Golonel Newcome type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent knew no bounds. He took her to' Rome for two years, and from thence to Paris, where she. worked for five years in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men . in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to London that Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio that- was the real heart-home of the enthusiastic young artist. The .gentle old man lived to iee big; darling win her place upon the line; uid then faded gradually and painlessly out of life. Bessie bad no one left but Ninette r-Ninette, the sharp - tongued, cynical xtaugbter of Paris, whose capable hands bad held the reins of their little mdnage there, and who had begged to allowed to accompany them to England, rather than be parted from Bessie, who, had all unconsciously wound herself tightly round ,her hard heart. ,. When Uncle Colin died, bis pension died with him; but Bessie's work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple ' wants, for Ninette was a wonderful manager. And so the years sped softly on, and Bessie lived like a nun, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing nor caring aught of the outside- world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsuspicious of its deeper needs. "She would be charming if she were a woman," a clever Frenchman had said of her to Julian-; " but, unfortunately, she is only an artist." When Bessie had first met Kenyon Blake, she had shrunk from him with a curious instinctive feeling that was hardly strong enough to be dislike, but was perhaps the unconscious recoil of a spotless soul from the smirch and stain of the man. And it took all Kenyon Blake's strong personal magnetism, ali bis power of fascination and astute worldly wisdom, to conquer that first halfunconscious antagonism, and to win her confidence, as well as her liking. Gradually, however, she grew to look forward to his visits, and ere very long it came to pass that many summer mornings found him swinging idly in the hammock 1 that was slung across one corner of the- studio, while she tried to work, and drank in his words, all unconscious of whither she was drifting. Blake unfolded his schemes and plans to her, and told her amusing stories of his adventures and perils, for he was a good talker and had travelled much, and seen life under many aspects. And in all be recounted there was a cleverly.managed glorification of himself, that somehow left Bessie with the impression that someone else had told her what a princely fellow was this generous, brave, open-hearted man, whom men trusted and women loved. Sometimes bis voice would be low, and his eyes grow sad, as he roused her sympathy with the well-told tale of an uncongenial mate; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant successes diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of the woman he had married. All this was delicately conveyed of course; more by implication, at first, than by actual detraction, and with many a skilfully-drawn contrast that was subtly flattering to Bessie, who listened and pitied —and loved? Ah! yes. Love forced its way at last into the closed chambers of her heart, thrilling all its fibres to tenderest harmony under his tormenting touch ar.d filling her eyes with the divine unrett which is th r firrt «f the many penalbl*s thaj we women pay for hi? admission. But the sweetness was »horfc-li*-*d, and. she realised the hopelwKPiws "f thefutuie Loyally she wrestled w th the devil of rebel lion, as of old Jacob wrestled with the messenger of God ; and after a time victory seemed to come. True, she could not cast out her love, but she could curb it, and turn it into the channel of friendship that should be the joy of her life, and that would perchance be a wmfort to fairc alee. Her heart ached for his loneliness, and for the hideous mockery of his marriage to a woman he did not love ; afld she longed with all her generous, unselfish soul to bring some brightness into his blighted life. It tortured her to see that longing, hungry look in his eyes, and the sad tones of his | voice awakened in her all that protecting, semi-maternal tenderness that slumbers at the heart of every true woman. Alas, that so few.women realise, until it is too late, how terrible is the power of a man who has studied oijr sex, and who does not scruple to turn his knowledge to account! From the first, the odds are against us; ioiwe are so easily swayed by personal influences. Remorselessly he gathers the thousand little dainty filaments of our weaknesses and foibles into his hand, and twists them into a cable that binds us. In vain we struggle; we cannot break it; and those who muster sufficient courage to cut it asunder, find that they have dug the knife into their own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounds that perhaps may never heal. It is only a very strong man who can resist using this power when he has once experienced the fascination of its exercise ; the cravings of his own passion bid him strive for victory at any price. And most assuredly Kenyon Blake had never been strong with such noble strength. Even as a young mau, when the chivalric instincts are keenest, he could rarely summon resolution to draw the rein upon his inclinations ; and at forty he had an incurable flabbiness of moral fibre that was the natural result of a life of grossest selfishness. He watched poor Bessie's loyal struggles with a half cynical, half compassionate amusement. Poor little darling, how miserable and how wicked she felt! Well, time and he between them would cure that; and then—ab, then he would teach her to to live! And the mere thought of hi coming triumph sent the blood surging hotly through his veins. Bessie had grown very dear to him, and he loved her with the truest love of which his' selfish, shallow nature was capable. That it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of the great master-passion was Bessie's misfortune rather than Kenyoirs fault; for, such as it was, it was the best he had to give. Inevitably, the climax came; and one July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly white lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened unwillingly to a story that should never have been told ; and the dim moonlight shone pityingly down upon a woman who was palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other complex emotions that tug at the heart-strings but defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered land uneventful her girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and Bessie knew. But the hand of the conqueror was heavy upon her; and her soul, which had never yet stirred to any passioh but the love of her art, was struggling to life at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like gouts of fire into her heart. To all strong-hearted women the birth of passion is a bewilderment; a torture of sweetness that leaves the will all limp and helpless, and blots everything from out the world, but the Prospero who has evoked tbe storm. "No, we shall not part," be broke in upon her murmured protest. " It is useless to tell me not to come. As well might you forbid your flowers here to turn towards the light. Nature is stronger than you are, Bessie; stronger than I am. Do you think I have not struggled and fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that have assailed you ? And with the same result. You have tried to cast out this dream from your heart; but, dear, you cannot. Night and day the sweet, insistent torment has clung to you, has pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced—not meant to be renounced. No, ^ you shall not speak—"as she tried to stop the words that tortured her—"I know what you would say, and I will not listen. All those illogical, timid considerations would _ find no place in your heart if it were on fire like mine. What is the world to you or to me, with its puerile social laws, and ineffectual barriers ? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to me. Do nob speak ; look up into my face, and let me read those true eyes ! . Come, Bessie; come to me, sweet. Come to me for life—for ever!" ; His voice was husky with passion, and the arms he held out to her trembled with one of the truest emotions he had ever known. " I cannot, I cannot," she faltered, with a sob in her voice. " Yet you love me ! I feel you do; while I—my God ! child, I worship you ! You drive me mad with your quiet, cool ways aud tender eyes ! Tell me, dear, 7 ' he went on more quietly, " had I been free would you have answered differently ? Would you have been my wife?" "Ah! Kenyon." " Say, would you " Yes," very softly. "My sweet!" And in a second she was in his arms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and cheek—kisses that burned deep into her soul, and sent the blood of a new life shivering and tingling through -her veins.. . • - " For a moment the wonder of thi6 new bliss that verged so closely upon pain blotted everything from her consciousness, and she forgot tbe struggle that "was still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and the dim, prophetic instinct of sorrow in the future. " No, sweetheart, let me hold you so,"- as she drew back breathless and trembling from his passionate embrace, " while we reason a little together. If you would have married me, why should you hesitate to come to me now, why cloud your life and mine with this chimera of the world ? Can you not love me more than the world ? What is its verdict to you or to me ? I know you so well, my white darling, my pure-souled Bessie! Is it not enough, for you that I understand and reverence you ? Can you not trust me? Is not your love strong enough for this?" " It is not that. I could trust you, Kenyon. I do not care what others would think," she answered, brokenly; "but we both owe something to another law. We have no right to bring sorrow on your wife." " Hush, child ! You are speaking of what you do not understand! For years my wife and I have been the merest acquaintances—hardly friends even, aud the little time we spend together is almost always disagreeably spent. How should you understand a cold, coarse, jealous nature like hois —you, who are so tender and so fine ? And yeb she is a good woman in her impassive way ; but we are like oil and water. You are my true mate, tbe wife of my soul, the one woman whose every thought and impulse is responsive to my own. Ah I I could do great things with you always beside me to be my inspiration—my Egeria ! See !"— taking her passive hand in his—"in the hollow of this dear hand lies my life ! You can make it Heaven or hell for me, Bessie ! My love, my love "—his voice broke—" use your power mercifully ! Do not be hard upon us both; for you know you cannot condemn me to misery without suffering yourself!" It was piteous to see her vacillation and uncertainty—hers who had always been so strong and so prompt. But a volcano had suddenly broken forth amid the cool green pastures of her life, burying all her landmarks under its lava flow, and driving her to a fate that she was powerless to resist. A strange sense of calm, and peace, and happiness succeeded to the stormy doubts and fears of the last few weeks. Everything appeared to Bessie under a new aspect, and she sang blithely as she painted. For she had entered her"Land of Beulah, the Canaan of our foolish, love- craving hearts. Ah me, j that its boundaries are so narrow, and that its exits yawn so pitilessly wide upon the dark waste of disenchantment! At first ( she had blamed herself bitterly for having X striven against Kenyon so long. Since she loved him, why had she tried to erect barriers against him, and to shut him out into the loveless cold of the world whence he had come to seek her ? Those barriers, toe, had been built of selfishness, of contemptible fears for herself, of an unwomanly lack" of generosity in her. Bub all that was past now ; *ahe had tasted the joy of self-abnegation, of self-eflacemenfc that is the heart of love; and she knew that the work she had to do in this world was the delightful task of making her Kenyon happy. That was the true morality of love, and all the rest was empty nonsense invented by a foolish world that did not know how to be thankful for its own blessings. She looked back, with wondering pity for herself, upon the quiet days before she had known Kenyon; and with the grand triumphant tones of her life-music pealing in her ears, those far-off days seemed like dumb notes in the song. It was not until long afterwards that she realised that they were rests; rests which, though they are not music, "have the making of music in them." : " Do you really love me, Bessie?—love me well enough to be quite happy, just because I love 3 T ou and we belong to each other ! " Kenyon said to her one day. She nestled yet more closely to him, and silently laid her fine soft fingers on bi cheek ; for she M as shy of words at times with the only man she had ever loved, this woman of seven-and-twenty. Apparently the pretty action satisfied him—for a.time at least. "And I'm no good, dear," he went on, a little sadly; "a queer, eccentric sort of fellow ; never doing anything I dislike, and never denying myself a thing I want—a' se 1 fish brute. But I never yet went back on a friend or gave up a scheme I had promised to carry through. The world would tell s you, and tell you truly, that I am not fit to • ask for any good woman's loveit was one of Kenyon Blake's, most dangerous and alluring tricks to affect at times what most men would look upon as quite a reckless candour and frankness; he, the most fluent and convincing Liar who ever wore the livery of Anauias !—" but I worship you, Bessie ' And though I have loved scores of oth • women, and have been loved by them, ne er one has bad the power to move me asyouver you sweet, sweet girl!" , do, The mouths sped by almost unnoticed • by Bessie, who, once the great plunge had been made, had forgotten all ber struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That she had deteriorated goes without' saying ; for, with the sad humility of a loving woman, she bad tried to descend to Kenyori's level, having found it impossible to raise him to hers. And things had not prospered with Kevon. A financial blight had fallen on the City, and be could find no, scope .for. his persuasive talents and no market for. his „ speculative schemes., Notwithstanding his aristocratic pretensions, he was iiot sufficiently a.g^n^leman to wear a shabby coat with ease ;. and having expensive habits, it was not long before he 'exhausted not only his own resdurces biit' also those of his friends who were confiding enough to trust him. Bessie being in the secret of all his ventures sOon knew of his embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kenyon demurred at first, but soon allowed himself to be silenoed with her loving, sophistries. < And so, by forties and fifties,, the slender bank account grew less. And Ninette banged her pans about more viciously than ever, and drove the dustmen,. whom, she held in especial .abhorrence, to the' verge of suicide. ' ' • : And as the spring ripened 1 into summer the first cloud gathered on Bessie's horizon. Mrs. Blake, who had been on the Continent for a year, signified her -in tention of spending the season in London^ and desired Kenyon to look out some suitable house for her. The request , with its constequont expenditure, staggered him, but jas his wife •was always tbe last person- to ;whom he wished his difficulties to be known, he trusted, with the true gambler's spirit, to some lucky coup to set him straight^ and prepared to receive her. Bessie looked on, and for the first time grew jealous.- He had been so wholly hers, that she had at times almost forgotten that other claim—and 7 now! , •• In vain Kenyon assured her -of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wife's, caprice: caused him; in spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting .remained. , Really pained by her distress, lie deviSed a whim-, sical cure, and contrived a plan whereby Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself bow little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was completelv successful. Bessie bad been prepared to liata the waman whom she had • wronged, and whose very • existence - had wrecked all the sacred hopes of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at thehearfc of every woman i\vho is worthy of the name ; but at the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever, from her heart. Mrs. Blake was a! weary-looking woman whoise eight-and-tbirty years sat heavily'on her- and, without being stout,' she gave the impression of we'igbt and thickness bv reasob of her Tinelaistic tread and the clumsy contour of ankjes and .wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and unconsciously. one expected to see her in the costume of the early seventies—a . costume one felt that had b een becoming to ber. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker could bring her up to" date, or bide that fatal inborn dowdiness before which even I'elix and Worth would have confessed them- selves powerless. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there was something pathetic in this; and as she noticed how the supplementary twist of bngbt gold emphasised the fadedness of the once pretty, hair, she was filled with a half contemptuous pity. This sad, colourless woman, who looked as though all tbe glad generous blood bad turned . to water in her veins, and who bore a whole tragedy of broken hopes and wistful straining after 'he love she bad lost—if, indeed, she had ever had it—in her dim, whitelasTied eyes, cOuld never again awaken Bessie's envy. Had Kenyon Blake, with his restless energy and full pulsing vitality, his quickness and activity of thought and body, sought the world over for a more uncongenial mate than this dull, lymphatic woman, who dragged like a millstone upon bis career, it is doubtful whether he could have found one. As Bessie turned away, slie realised asi never before that it was she who was indeed his true wife—the wife of his soul, as he had said; but somehow there was a ting* of bitterness in her joy that she did not understand. It was just after this that Kenyon went suddenly to Paris to try and tilt the scales of Fortune in favour of one of his schemes that was trembling.in the. balance.... He was almost penniless; but with the sublime audacity that was one of the factors of his success with women, be posed there as a veritable Paladin of finance; aud it was from the Hotel Continental that Bessie received the daily loving letters, full of hopes and promises, and passionate vows, that so amply satisfied her unexacting tenderness. With the fatal capacity for devotion and self-sacrifice that distinguished her, she fretted over her lover's impecuniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of her saleable sketches and jewellery, sent him five crisp, clean £5 notes ; and then, with a light heart, walked blithely through the mud and rain to save the threepence that an omnibus would have cost her. When he returned he had the grace to feel ashamed when he missed a hoop of fine diamonds that he had always seen on Bessie's finger. Hitherto she had, with delicate tact, selected things which she wore but seldom ; but tbese had all gone. " Will you love me the less that my hands are bare ?" she asked, laughing ; " you silly boy, to fuss about such a trifle !" And then he talked in his large way of I the magnificent things he was going to do in the near future, until Bessie began to blame herself for not having sufficiently appreciated die privilege of denying herself the necessaries of life, and to feel that her poor little liundre.ds must seem very paltry to this princely hero of hers! But worse was to come; and a few months afterwards Bessie stood for the last time by the great north window of her studio, and • looked sadly out at the dripping gardens. | Some of Kenyon Blake s kites were flying i home to roost, and the furnished house that' he had taken had to be paid for; writs had i been issued ; and altogether matters looked ' uglyforhim. j . Bessie's course had been prompt, and the ! pretty cottage had been transferred to an { arbist who hid long coveted it. Everything was packed ; everything ready j for her departure; and poor NincUa was'; shivering patiently; out in the gusty hall, ! and wishing that Madame would remember | Mint the marketing had yet to be done before j could think of settling down tp rest in j the dingy Thayer-street lodgings whither . they Avere bound. And already it was nearly ' four, and the gloomy December afternoon j was drawiujr to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. < She was filled with a fierce exultation of j sacrifice, and the keen, sweeb pleasure of J being of use to the man she loved.- Was it ; not to tide him over a disastrous moment-, j s and to keep a roof ever his wife's head, that ( she had converted everything available into ; ready cash? Ah, and the delight of doing] it! ; And it was with.a smiling face and bapp3 r ' heart that Be?sie Langley passed out of her home. Just before she reached the gate a ; few unnoticed twigs of " common j honesty," which had survived thus late in a j sheltered corher, attracted her attention. ! an'd with an impulse of pleasure, she stooped j to gather these white ghosts of the vanished , summer. But, as ber hand touched them, the thin, silvery disks fluttered^down among ., their dead companions, leaving the naked j stalks to shiver in.the chill, damp air ! S . . . j Nearly eighteen months later, all London ; crowded to see a picture that hung in one i of the galleries of Burlington House, and " had been purchased by the trustees of the i Chantrey Bequest. It was a large canvas, J and bore in one corner the initials " E. I/" I A woman clothed in sad-coloured garments i stood erect in the centre of a woodland path ai;d gassed straight out, at the spectator. 1 The dead leaves rustled at her feet, and t>he j bare trees were coldly outlined against the ; heavy grey sky of early winter. The very spirit of desolation was pictured there, and the key to the story lay in the only gleam of colour in the canvas—a scarlet letter that glowed and ; burned upon the wonfian's breast —the A of bhe Puritan adultress. But it was not Hester Prynne the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw her; but Hester, tiie'despairirig woman, alobe : among the ruins of her love, ..crushed and dazed by the cowardly defection of the man who had been her god, her conscience, her ideal of all that was manly and trustworthy and true. The pillars of ber world had given way, and everything was tottering under her; for he had failed her. : And since he was false, what was there left for her to cling:fco? -• " It is quite heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr. Lester.?" a pretty girl had said to Dudley at the private: view ; but Mr. Gurnett was : mistaken when he said that Miss Langley had been her own model. It isn't her -face, at all." . And tbe man had murmured, un^er his breath, "No; it is only her soul!" , \ , Soon after' Bessie had left Canal Gardens. Kenyon Blake secured an appointment in' Melbourne as manager of some concern in which he was interested. His expenses were to be paid,: the salary was good, and he was to receive - a: considerable sum before , his departure. •••• • "So you. see, little-girl, we are coming out all rjght;:and in a : few months I shall. : buy. out that fellow who has got,your little place,. and you shall have a studio- of your own again," he said, with a burst of lordly, generosity'. A few days before he sailed, Bessie. whose Uncalculating passion' was as ready to ask in good faith as to give/told him'«hat she was literally penniless,' and tbat there was heavy .interest coming due upon m&ney; that she had raised for him at various times. It was the: first time she had ever reminded him of the privations she: was suffering ; and probably she would. not have done BO had be not' previously . assured, J^er that some hundreds of pounds bad been paid in to him within the week. . . But she had not reckoned the new clothes' there were to buy, the dinners there were to give,, and the cigars arid perfumery add whisky to be laid in for the'voyage, land the dozen other far more important claims-to exhaust his money than the daily needs of the .woman who had beggared herself for him. " Of .course, I had thought of that, and will see to it before I leave. . Don't worry or fret, for everything is coming straight at last." And his answer had been)sufficient to satisfy Bessie's trustful heart. Towards evening of the day before his departure^ after she had waited for him all day, a telegram came : < ; Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, "' s.s. Alexa. Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, Bessie set out at the appointed time, and Kenyon Was tender, and apologetic and talkative; and .more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever.. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and be will see you are all right. I shall send you more the minute I land, so don't worry, my dear, dear girL I'm half crazy at leaving you, but it will only be for a few months, and then I'll show you how much I love you!" And foolish Bessie became hopeful once more, and her sad face grew less white and drawn as she clung trustfully to the coward 1 hand that, had despoiled her. { Mr. Towers replied to Bessie s guarded | letter m terms of strictest politeness, and j regretted that Mr. Blake had not given him | instructions to act for him in any way ; but be inclosed that gentleman's address, and expressed the opinion that any communication addressed direct to him would receive bis attention. Time crept slowly en, and Bessie and Ninette came perilously near starvation ; for Bessie found it was more difficult to sell her work when she hawked it round herself than when receiving the dealers in her own studio, since even dealers are not above being influenced by the surroundings of , . , , , „ their customers. Then she grasped at that forlorn hope of the gently- reared^poor— j teaching; and trudged bravely through the wintry streets to give her lessons. I At the cud of three months she received, through Mr. Towers, a cheque for £10. It was the last communication Bessie ever ret .ived from the man for whom she had sacrificed and suffered so much ; although she learned from various sources that he was faultlessly clothed as ever, and spending his mopey with all the old open-handed princely generosity—upon himself. Some women babble of their sorrows to whosoever lends an ear, and so find comfort; but Betsie was not one of these, and even to Ninette she had never spoken Kenyon's name. Into her picture, she breathed the chaos of her souL It was ber one dumb pratest and appeal—the one silent expression of her anguish. Some years . have passed since Elizabeth Langley exhibited the picture which made her famous : and she is now one of the most eagerly-sought- after women in London ; for it is only in novels that hearts are never healed. The Miss Havishams do not live outside the pages of the romancer. But Bessie is "Bessie" no longer; the soft diminutive does not fit the queenly woman who bears her statelier name in full She is gentle in manner as of yore, with the added grace of the finished worldliny. But the true softness and trustfulness of her nature has for ever vanished, for she has passed through her Baptism of Fire, and learned her lesson of life ; and it has left her impassive, and scornful, and coldly cynical : at heart.— Abridged from Vanity Fair, [ 