CHAPTER II. Barrington Manor, from which the small village near took its name of Barrington, was a lovely old house whiah had belonged for centuries to the Hiltons, one of the moBfe ancient families in the County of Cork. It was situated on a hill surrounded on three sideB by shrubberies, and approached on the fonrth by a long drive, whicb wound down the hill for some distance through a lovely park, and terminated in an old ivy-oovered archway and large iron gates, which always during the daytime stood hospitably open. The house itself had been added to at various times, and looked what it was—not overpoweringly mag nificent or even imposing, but a thoroughly charming and oomfortable home. The en trance hall was perhaps the most beautiful part of it, having several very handsome old carved oak pillars, which eupported an arched roof, and the brosid shelving staircase was also of oak. It was a large house, with winding passages and long corridors with rooms on either side, but throughout it all there was a feeling of homely comfort and cheerfulness which many a smaller house often lacks. The furniture was ooBy and suited to the rooms, nor had the occupants joined in the high art craze. Draperies arranged in every possible or impossible corner were as yet unknown in Barrington. The familvparty was a Bmall one, consisting of Colonel Hilton, already introduoed, and who bad a few dayB einoe arrived from India his wife, Mrs. Hilton; Nellie, their only daughter; and Glare Feathers tone, a young girl, and Nellie's greatest friend, who had been spending a few weeks with her. These two were inseparable companions, though very different in character, for Clare was all energy and decision, and Nellie owned that sweet yielding disposition preferred by so many. In the meanwhile, how had it fared with Bbola ? When the Colonel landed at QueenBtown, he, too, left the vessel, and by a few judioious enquiries learnt that the village of Barrington was about twelve miles distant. He was in no great hurry, and the next few days were spent in arranging his plan of action as far as was possible without being actually on the spot. He made up his mind to walk the distance^ as then his arrival would be less noticeable than if he went by train; and his small store of savings was nearly exhausted, so it behoved him to be careful. It was a gloomy, dark evening when he reached the park gates, having passed through the village Btreet without meeting any one. A more favourable time be could not have wished for, and as he reconnoitred the grounds, and noticed the many advantages and places of concealment, his hopes rose high as he saw before him the vision of vengeance satisfied. Oftheriskto himself he thought nothing. Bisk was natural to him, and he trusted to his native quickness to extricate himself from any awkward position. He bad brought with him provisions enough to last a week, and < early morning and late evening saw him prowl ing about and acquainting himself with the habits of the household. Nellie and Clare ] little knew that in their daily rambles their I steps were dogged, and eyes full of hatred gleamed at them from the surrounding bushes. It was All-Hallows Eve. The household had retired to reBt, but the two girls were still talking over the library fire, relating all the most bloodcurdling ghost stories they nad ever beard of or read; now and then looking fear fully over their shoulders into the shadowy corners of the room, as if they half expected to see some ghostly visitant emerge, until at last, when twelve o'clock struck and they rose to light their candles, Nellie declared ehe was far too nervous to be left alone, and that Clare must sleep with her. Clare laughingly assented. Though protesting that she herself was not at all frightened, she felt a secret satisfaction in the thought that, after all, she would not be left alone iu her large and somewhat eerie room, where the wind roared so loudly in the chimney, and the old faded arras shook in the dim firelight. As she entered her room to fetch a few things preparatory te rejoining Nellie, Clare glanced, as was her wont, under the bed, for, ehe said, there is no knowing, one might dis cover a burglar there one night. However, she saw nothing, only towards the far side, near the wall, there seemed a brown bundle of something. She walked to the fire, and stood thinking, when it flashed across her that thenight before that brown bundle had not been there. It is curious, she thought, I will look again, and once more taking the oandle in her hand, she lifted the valance nnd peered beneath the bed. when two fiery gleaming eyes met hers. It was the work of a moment to drop the valance and run. She burst into Nellie's room with a breathless "Nellie, there is a man under my bed. We must oall some one !" Hand in band the two girls came into the passage, when to their horror a black woolly head was cautiously put round Clare's door. Nellie gave a shriek and rushed into her room. Clare remained where she was, petrified with fright, till, seeing a dark form follow the head and make towards her with silent, rapid strides down the corridor, she, too, turned and fled after her friend, whom she found fainting on the floor. She knew the man was following, and she conld only trust to Nellie's shriek having roused the Colonel, whose room was not very far down the passage. She drew Nellie on one side, and prepared to face the enemy. In one moment he was in the doorway, and then commenced a terrible and almost hand-to-hand fight. He never noticed the unconscious figure lying there. All his fury was directed against Clare, who defended herself aB best she could by keeping him at bay with a chair. It was evident the struggle could not last many minutes, and, feeling her strength giving way, she slipped behind a large table, holding before her the only chair left within her reach. It was war to the death, and she knew it! The man drew near, seized theohair, and with a dexterous movement twisted it from her hold. As the danger increased, Clare grew steadier, and her courage rose. It remained for her to keep the table between them, for it was too wide for him to reach across. Backwards and forwards they dodged, now waiting to gain breath, Clare kept a keen eye on every move ment of the form oefore her. One slip, and she knew it would all be over. As much as pos sible she kept her adversary's back to the door, so that, should help arrive, he might be taken unawares. There waB a sound outside, and her eye brightened. An instant later. Colonel Hilton entered the room, and with one fell swoop the man dropped to the ground. " Bhola." exclaimed the astonished Colonel, "how did he get here?" But there was no time to waste, the household was soon roused, restoratives brought to the two girls, and Bbola was securely fastened to one of the oak pillars in the hall. Reaction had set in, and poor Clare's feelings were difficult to describe. The shock had been a very severe one, and it was months before she recovered her usual nerve and presence of mind, and Nellie, naturally timid, although she had been un conscious during the worst part of the adventure, was in a terrible state of fright, and needed constant reassurance that Bhola was firmly attached to the pillar. And Bhola, himself, when he recovered consciousness, and found he was a prisoner, made frantic efforts to escape, but they were of no avail, and he sullenly resigned himself to his fate, and tothe failure of his plan of vengeance. The next day he was lodged in the county gaol, and brought up at the following assizes, when it transpired that he had followed the Colonel to Ireland, hidden in the shrubberies near the house, and watched his opportunity of entering unperceived. The mistake he made was taking Clare for Nellie, and even when he learnt that she was not his hated enemy's daughter, still it was through her he had been defeated, and he vowed that when his five years' imprisonment were over he would dog her footsteps until he had wreaked his vengeance. Thetrial was over, Bhola was removed, and the HiltonB breathed more freely to think they were safe from the presence of one whoBe creed aud customs forbade the forgiveness of any injury whatsoever, and with whom the law of the vendetta was very strong. The five years' penal servitude are ended, mid Clare is wondering how it will end. There is no more fear for her friends the HiltonB, for it is to her Bhola has transferred his undying hatred, and, for herself, she feels there is every fear, and that unless something unforeseen ooours, her days are numbered. Such a man as that never forgets or forgives, and lives only | to Keep niB vow. \- wttKiy {Scotsman* 