AN ADELAIDE GHOST STORY. London, November 27. ttlanclng through Mr. Stead's "Real QhoBt Stories" I chanced oa the following, which comes like moBt of his " copy " from the records of the Society of Physical Research. " Super natural warnings," he remarks, "are some times on absurdly trivial subjects; sometimes, while serious and even tragic, they seam power less to ayert the danger against which they warn. Here is a story which "is full of the tragic fascination which attaches to the struggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of niB coming death, struggling in vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and | ultimately perishing within the Bight of thosg ! to whom he had revealed the vision," Thfc story in brief is as followsMr. ^Fleet was third mate on the saving ship Persian Empire, vvbich left Adelaide for London in 1868. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Pereian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he waB ordered with his watch to secure a boat hanging in davits over side. He and another got into t^e boat when a fear ful sea brolje oyfrthe'ahip, washing them both o\»t of the Boat into the Bea, where they were both drowned. The dream made such an im pression upon him that he was most reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and 3ailed. On Christmas Eve, when they were neariDg Cape Horn, Cleary'had a repetition of his dream, exact in e\11 particulars. Me uttered & terrible'cr/t and kept muttering "I know it will come true." On Christmas Day, exactly as he had foreseen, Cleary and the rest of the watch were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because he knew he would be drovyned, that all the circumstances of ^.i§ orpaih had come true up to mdment, and if he went into that b'oat 'he 'would die. He was taken belo'w to the captain and his refusal to discharge duty was entered in the log. Then the chief officer, Douglas, took the pen to sigji hid a a we. Cleary suddenly looked at b,im aud exclaimed, " I will g<? to. £jy cj^ty, for now I kao.w the Rthe? map in my dream."- He told Douglas, as they went on deck, of his dream. They 501. into a boat, and when they wer^r $11 waging fast-a heavy sea struck the yeseel with such force that £hs vice\v wpuld ba\e been was^ec\ ivevb^ard ^ad they, not cliyig to the ' boafc was t^ijed pvpr, apd ^oyfiiw were filing intp, . - oieary t^nfuVn^^y we»f ,j swam for a little r^o^yjtb ~ .. uown. It was just three ..cr ne hod dreamed of it, before leav Adelaide.-Advertiser. That the great Duke of Wellington was not very strong in orthography has been long known by those who are acquainted with the originals of his correspondence. I have lately had an opportunity of seeing a fac-simile of a letter written by him during the Peninsular War (says a writer in "Vanity Pair"), and in it I found the word "enemy " spelt " ennemy " twice. I am afraid that, had the great com mander been born a century later than he was, he would not have succeeded in entering the Army, for he would have, certainly been "spun" for bad spelling at the preliminary examination. The experience of the United States is that the more the cigarette is legislated against the more its consumption increases. The output of cigarettes throughout the country for the month of March amounted to 250,501,800, against I 154,285,800 during the same month of last year. | This shows the enormous increase of 9t5,285,0G0. John Milton received £5 for "Paradise 1 Lost" with a reversionary interest in the pos sible success of the work to the. extent of £15 more. The present Poet Laureate has received as mucb as a guinea a line. The Seymour Express office, Victoria, was burned to the ground on last Saturday night. 