. DO RITUALISTS TEACH, THE ROMAN- THEORY OF TRANSUB8TANTJATIONHP .. .By Cjiabies Hastings Colletxb. . . \- . JLne question hero proposed, la best answered by quoting the words from a manual of devotion — ."The Way of Life; a Book of Prayers and Inst ruction for . the Young." Edited by the Rev. T. ,T., Carter. (FivinstoDS. 1889 1 . !. We. are inforined in the preface that this manual "has, 'been subjeoted to the criticism of sevoral '-persons who have had much pxperionoo in doaling /with the young, and the benefit of their moat kind and.oareful supervision." It professes to.be "a faithful adherence to the fullest standard of faith 1 and pr. ctiee which our Church tets before us." , For the present I propose to confine my extracts : to the question above proposed. . As an evidence of " faithful adherence " to the -standard of faith and practice, our Ohuroh sets before, us, throughout "the Lord's table" is designated "altar," and the Communion service "sacrifice." "Altar" and "sacrifice." pre suppose a " victim," be it man or animal, to be sacrificed: ou on " altar " with shedding of blood, whereas these two terms are utterly foreign to, and nowhere oven hinted at, in our Book of Common .Prayer, which this manual professes to follow. . / Referring to ' the "Prayer of Consecration," The: prieBt says the words ' This is My body, which' is given for you,' and ' For this is My blood : of the New Testament, whioh is slied for you and -for many for. the remission of sins,' in order to . .worship and adore our Lord Jesus Christ, for then Hia body and His blood are present on the altar under the form of bread and wine" (p. 3), "to receive the Holy Communion fasting" (p. 4), the Holy Communion, or the Eucharist,. whioh vis the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ, true God \- and ; Man, present under the outward form of bread and wine " (p. 4). And here they borrow / the . very expression used in " Catholio Belief." " He (Christ) gave po wer to and bade His Apostles and <their successors, the Bishops and priests of .His Church, to 'do this,' that is, offer this : sacrifice, which is a feast ol this sacrifice." r. ' " On the Anniversary of your first Communion." — ' '! O merciful God, I thank Thee that Thou hast .. brought Mo again to the day on which Thou didst -first deign to feed -me with the very Body and Blood .of my Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ " <M8). A " Preparation for Communion."— " O most merciful. God, grant .me so to receive the Body , of :Tliy pnl-bogotten Son our Lqrd Jesus Christ, which' He took of the Virgin Mary, that I may bo ' incorporated' in His inyctical body " (p; 47)1 " Who offered His body on the Cross as a sacrifice for our sins, and Whose Body and Blood 5 we are about to offer and plead on the altar, is < both perfect God and perfect Man " (p.' 56). " In the prayer for the Church the priest prays Hint' to accept and bless the elements of bread and wine, which are at the same time placed on the altar, that by the. Almighty power of the Holy .Spirit they may become the Body and Blood of the Lord." "The sacrifico of the Eucharist" (p. 60). ." Those prayers are intended to encourage . you, and to assure you that you may come to our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament with perfect trust, and loving confidence, and find Him present there "as your Comforter, Saviour,' Propitiator, and Intercessor" (p. 68). "The Prayer of Humble Access is so called because, us our Lord is- coming ; to you in the Holy Communion, you should not dare to draw near to Him without deep humility and godly -fear " (p. 72). " The Prayer, . of Conseoration, is the. most, solemn act ;in this, great -service, .by which the' , .bread and wine. become by Christ's' holy institu tion, and the power of the Holy Ghost, who is: God Almighty, -verily and indeed the body and .blood of Christ, the actual sacrifice of which He Himself made, once for ail, by His death on the crosB, and tbe Euoharietic sacrifice of which He makes through His prieBts as often as in this Holy Saorament tbey do show the Lord's death till He come. When the priest says the words of consecration — Bow your head and worship and adore our Lord Jbbub Christ, Who oomes then to be present on the altar, under tbe forms of bread and wine" (p. 72). " At the consecration of the Bread say, 1 Hail 1 Ever Blessed Body of Christ, once offered on the Cross as a sacrifice for our sine.' " "At the conseoration of tbe cup say; 'Hail! MoBt Holy Blood of my Lord Jesus Christ, that oleanseB us from all Bin ' " (p. 74). This is declared to be " a propitiatory offering," " an offering for the departed db well as the living " (p. 80). As an " Act of Faith " the child is directed to "consider that our Lord Jesus CbriBt Himself, very God and very Man, who was born, who suffered, and died for us, is verily and indeed present in the Blessed Saorament" (p. 88). The child is told that Christ is " both PrieBt and Victim — present upon our altar.- " — " deignest to be worshipped and adored by us on our altar " (p. 94). And there is much more to the like effect. True, the word Transubstantiatiou is not used ; but I Dsk, what will be the effeot on the youthful mind of all this extravagant language ? It iB full-blown Romanism. In the " Notes of Instructions to Candidates for Confirmation " (By a priest. Second edition revised. The Church Sunday School Union), 1882, pp. 88, 39, we read, The outward part or sign is bread and wino, whioh the Lord hath commanded to be received. The inward part or thing signified (i.e , the reality, of which the out ward part is the visible sign to us), is the body and blood of Christ, which are verily (i.e., truly) and indeed (i e , in fact, in reality, riot in figure), talren and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper. Christ Himself is present on our altarB, and we offer Him to the Father." The capitals and italics are as in the text. Can any child believe otherwise than in the Tronsubstantiation of the elements ? 