GHOST CUT GHOST. You may imagine that during my career as a detective I have had some singular jobs given me to work on. There was one little piece of business that I always look back upen with a good deal of professional pride, although the ending was a very sad one. It was a case of diamond cut diamond—ghost cut ghost, I call it—and took op my time for the better part of six months. About ten miles outside the limits of San Francisco—I'm speaking of about twenty years ago—stood a large farmhouse. This house had been vacant for three years before I saw it. The original owner had been mur- dered there, and the house and farm had passed into the hands of his brother, who was a New York gentleman. The New Yorker being unable to find a tenant for the house and farm which had passed into his hands, left them to take care of them- selves. Now, a wooden house left to take care of itself is in a very bad way, and though for a time the house was not without tenants, they were not such as took upon themselves any responsibility for the necessary repairs. Parties of two or three miners occasionally stopped at the house all night; these were its only tenants. But by-and-bye it was de- serted by even these chance visitants; for word began to get about that the house was haunted. The panic caused by this report was such that for love or money you couldn't have hired a carpenter to enter it even in the day. time. Of course I heard of the haunted house; but as detectives are never called upon to arrest ghosts, I felt no particular curiosity about it. One morning our chief put into my hands a case against an absconding secretary named Coffin, Coffin was the secretary of the White Mountain Mining Company. All the funds had been under his control, and he had got away with some ten thousand dollars belong- ing to the shareholders. My business was to find him. His landlady told me that he'd gone away without his trunks or clothes. The only things that were missing were a suit of clothes, a stout pair of boots, one or two clean shirts, some collars, a wide-awake hat, and a black valise. He had left the town at night. No one had witnessed his departure. Here was a good chance for a detective to work by the inductive process— from small beginnings to work on and on from clue to clue until he bagged his man. All that I could do was to work all the roads leading out of the town. After about a week at this I found a farm hand who had seen a foot passenger resembling my man the morning after he had absconded. I fol- lowed this trail and soon became positive that I was on the right track. Coffin was a shrewd fellow. He had planned the embezzlement and escape care- fully, and had made elaborate preparations for playing what we call the " chameleon game," that is for changing his clothing, headgear and face, at every stage. To this end he had possessed himself of a change or two of clothing, a stock of hats, and any quantity of whiskers; and he rung the changes on these very frequently. The black bag was the only thing that I had to rely upon as a pointer. Fortunately, a man on tramp with a black bag was not in those days a common sight; and I had less difficulty in following Coffin's trail than might be supposed. The first time I heard of him he was a smooth-faced gentleman, dressed in shabby black, looking for all the world like a broken down gambler going to retrieve his fortunes in some mining camp. The next, he was a middle- aged doctor, with a flowing beard and heavy moustache. Later on, he was playing the role of a company promoter, offering to buy up mining claims on behalf of an English syndicate. He was then attired in a check suit, a light hat, and side whiskers. At this stage I obtained positive proof that I was following the right man, and I thought I should have no diffi- culty in laying my hand on Coffin. My calculations deceived me. I found that he was "doubling," and traced him almost as far as the suburbs of San Francisco, There I lost all trace of him as completely as if the earth had swallowed him up. Months afterward, feeling vexed and dis- appointed, I dropped into a saloon at the outskirts of the town to get a " liquor." I had had as pretty a dance after Coffin as any man need want, but the interest of the game supported me, and I was determined not to give it up. There were three or four miners in the bar, and one of them was evi- dently greatly excited. His companions seemed to be ridiculing him, and he was getting what we call " ugly." I made my way towards the little knot of talkers and overheard the following conversation: " So, you didn't think much of your lodg- ings in the haunted house. Bill ?" "No, I didn't—no two ways about it," " What did you hear ?" "Twasn't what I heard—'twas what I saw." " What did you see, then ?" " Why, the doors openin' and shuttin' without anybody touchin' 'em." " Nonsence, man !" "Nonsense be blowed! I tell you they did. And when I drawed my six-shooter and fired hall a dozen shots clean through the door—makin' the all-firedest row you ever heard—the door kep' openin' and shuttin' and playin' tunes, I felt like a gone sucker, you bet. My heart began to jump so under my jacket that it's a wonder it didn't knock a button off. I wouldn't go there again for all the money in the State. But if anybody here thinks I'm a coward, he's only got to say so." It suddenly occurred to me that I had located Coffin. A vague suspicion of this sort, had, it is true, flitted through my mind before ; but now, without being able to ex- plain why, I felt assured that, however im- possible it might seem, Coffin was the ghost in the haunted house. Beyond the facts that the fame of the haunted house was wide- spread, and that everybody knew of its exist- ence, there was nothing to support my theory except the maxim of the most famous of all detectives—a maxim destined to assure his after-fame: " Always suspect that which seems probable, and begin by believing what appears incredible." I determined to call in the aid of another detective, and visit the piece next night. I chose for my companion George Webber, one of the most esteemed members of the force, a man who bad proved his worth. Webber was a map of imperturbable calmness, and with great confidence in himself. He would have laid his hand upon the most dangerous criminal as tranquilly as if he bad been ac- costing a friend. The haunted farmhouse was situated about a hundred yards from the roadway. What once had been a garden was now a veritable jungle, given up to weeds and bushes. For- tunately, although it was ten o'clock, the night was clear. Innumerable stars lit up the flinty sky. There was no light in the house, no signs of its being inhabited. The windows of the ground floor were broken, and some of the doors were open. We entered at the rear. A place of more sinister aspect I never saw. The plaster had crumbled from the walls; the flooring was rotten ; the ceiling looked as though' it might fall at any time, the rafters being bent as if they supported a heavy weight. The sitting-room, where "Bill" had taken up his quarters a few nights previously, con- tained a rough table and a few stools, which had been overturned. I could see that the door which led from it to the staircase had been riddled by bullets. There was a door- way in the passage, but the door was gone. The door which led into the parlor opened noiselessly. Our lanterns revealed the fact that the tables, glass and chairs had been overturned, thrown in every direction, trod- den upon, shivered into fragments. Every thing denoted that this room had been the scene of a terrible struggle. The keyhole of the door which led into the cellar was sewn up with cobwebs. The cellar itself was fall of dust and debris. Each of as had a lantern and each inspected for him- self. Running along the side wall, I detected a wire, and following this I found that it disappeared in an old barrel. Without dis- turbing tbe wire, I removed the head of the barrel and found that the wire was attached to an old saucepan lid. A. thorough examina- tion revealed nothing farther; so we returned to the sitting-room. I did not tell my com- panion what I had seen, and he had dis- covered nothing. We did not go upstairs, because we thought it would be prudent to postpone further explorations until the next day. Meanwhile, we darkened our lanterns and deposited them in a corner. The room was semi-dark. Our eyes and ears were on the alert; but the house was still as the tomb; we saw nothing and heard no sound. I had merely told my companion that I expected to make an important discovery. Of its nature he knew nothing. We waited in the most acute degree of ex- pectation and attention until nearly midnight. All of a sudden we heard faint notes of music, which lasted for a few minutes. By- and-bye the music was accompanied by a voice. The sounds were as fine and soft as the voice of a child. I was satisfied that the music was the work of human hands and the voice a human voice, but I was consider- ably startled. My companion looked very pale, and strove to rise from the place where he sat. I put my hand on his arm to prevent him. It was scarcely necessary, for he could barely muster strength to whisper, " Let's get." The music was trailing away into feeble- ness, when the staircase door began to open and shut. I felt sure that the wire which I had seen down stairs had something to do with this. I made a great effort to rise. To my astonishment, I could not move a limb. I could only bend forward and gasp. A power which I could not resist made me motionless and speechless. Yet all the time I was burning to "go" for that door, but I hadn't physical capacity to do so. My companion recovered first, and seizing both lanterns, dashed from the house and made for the roadway. I jumped to my feet and followed my companion. As I did so, I heard a tunk, tunk, tunk ! down in the cellar. I found my mate in the highway, his face as white an a sheet. ""What in thunder ails yon, man?" I asked, feeling that the most creditable way of drawing my companion's attention from my condition was to heighten the absurdity of his. " The ghost !" he gasped. " I wouldn't go back to that house to save my life." There was nothing for it but to tell Webber what I'd seen and what I suspected. As I have said, my fellow-detective was as brave a man as ever took up a trail; and when I told him what I had seen, he became per- fectly self- possessed. We spent the reminder of the night in laying our plans. In the early morning he rode back to San Francisco to get the necessary apparatus for carry- ing them out. I remained to " shadow " the house. Just as it was getting dusk my companion returned, and we re-entered the house from the rear, noiselessly, and with great caution. Removing my shoes, I made my way upstairs, where I fancied I detected a slight noise over- head. There was no sign or this room having been inhabited. The old place was two stories high, with a garret at the top. The garret was evidently reached by a ladder, though none was visible. I surmised that the ghost was in this garret, and that any- one showing his head above the scuttle would get it rapped, even if he didn't get shot. There was a large cupboard facing the en- trance to the garret, and in the door of it I bored—on a level with my eyes—a few small holes with a gimlet which I happened to have in my pocket-knife, first drawing it through my hair, to prevent its making the slightest noise. My plan was to play the ghost for the benefit of the occupant of the garret—ghost, or no ghost. For this purpose Webber had brought with him an old fiddle. I removed all the strings but one, told my companion to allow me to secrete myself above, and then to make a noise on that one string, accom- panying it with a few groans and other muffled noises. I hadn't been hid many minutes before I heard the darnedest row from below. It wasn't like anything earthly. At first it seemed like one shrieking in pain then it sounded like belligerent cats, and then it died away in a few complaining sighs. It was so weird that, although I knew very well that my mate was causing it, I couldn't help feeling a bit queer. Pretty soon I heard a movement overhead; the scuttle-top was being removed. Next a ladder was thrust down the scuttle. To help Webber to keep up the entertainment, I gave a few groans inside the cupboard. That brought a man down the ladder. He'd no sooner reached the foot of it than I collared him; It was Coffln. The moment I touched him he sank down on the floor like—like an empty rack. He seemed as if he hadn't got a bone in his body; he was as limp as a jelly-fish. While I got him out into the open air, Webber searched the garret, and found all the missing dollars, bonds, &c.; We hurried Coffin back to San Francisco, intending to lock him up. He was still un- conscious, and we were obliged to summon a doctor. Poor fellow ! He never get over it. When be came out of his swoon he was mad, and had to spend the rest of his days in an asylum. That's the effect it has, sir, when a man really believes he has come in contact with the supernatural, as Coffin did. " Whose cigars does Carver smoke ?" " Anybody's," He : " Chapley seems to me to be a man of one idea." She: "He is more fortunate than I thought.' A man never fully realises the wealth of information he doesn't possess till his first child begins to ask questions. He: "I am a millionaire. Haven't I money enough for both of us?" She: " Yes, if you are moderate in your tastes." She : " So you are engaged to one of the Musgrave twins ? How can you distinguish one from the other ?" He : "I don't try to." SUNDAY-school teacher : " Now, Johnnie, tell me what took all the snap out out Sam- son." Johnnie: " A home-made hair-out, ma'am." He: "Tell me what you think of my last poem. I want to finish it, as I have other irons in the fire." She : " I should withdraw the irons and insert the poem." " So your papa has gone fishing, has he ?" said the minister to Johnny Cumso; "what kind of tackle does be use ?" " Hook and lyin'," "replied the intelligent boy. " I'd like to know why you hired a young woman for a type-writer?" demanded Mrs Hilow of her husband. " So I could have some one to dictate to," replied the unhappy man. She; "What a fitting-token of married love is the wedding-ring ?" He : " It is. A ring has no end; and it also has no beginning. It is absolutely with- out variety; and is much easier put on than taken off." Customer: " I bought some medicine here yesterday for my dog, and after I gave it to him it died. What do you mean, anyway ! I didn't tell you I wanted to kill him." Druggist: "You said he belonged to your wife." It is no breach of logic to conclude that the man with the rum blossom is a blooming chum. 307 