GHOST DETECTIVES. w (daily news.) Mr. Maskelyne, the welL knoWn conjuror, and Dr. Weatherly are evidently of opinion that things are growing serious in the world of miraole. They have accordingly laid their heads together to produce a sort of counterblast against the marvellous in a volume which they call " The Supernatural ' ' (Arroweznith) with a note of interrogation at the end. It is not a moment too soon Every day brings forth its exhibition of abnormal powers, and London has become one vast lecture-room of the SalpStriere. In one establishment they are hypnotising people in battalions, in another they are . holding heated debate on the possibility of growing roses with a wave of the hand. Elsewhere two or three strong men are breaking chains, or lifting weights by the ton, one against the other, as 44 abnormally" as the rest, for their muscle is as much out of the common as a Mahatma's brain. Lastly, a delicate woman in putting even these giants to shame in feats of physical strength, and in her case it is only the touch of au electric hand. The doctor and his coadjutor have evidently not put pen to paper a moment too soon in the interests of public sanity. One of them is a human witch- finder — that is to say, a finder out — aud he may be regarded as the hand of the prooess of exposure ; while the other is the brain. Dr. "Weatherly expounds the philosophy of illusion and hal lucination, Mr. Maskelyne shows how the _ thing is done. They have chapters on spiritualism, chapters on dreams. Ghosts receive the hardest measure from them. They will hold no terms with phantasms of the living 4 and for Theosophy in the occult department the severity of their language is only the just measure of the intensity of their contempt. They have nothing new to say about these things, but they repeat the old things for the purposes of warning. Dr. Weatherley holds that natural causation is the origin of all supernatural seem ing. All our phantasms, he says, are either illusions — tliat is to say, cases in which, having some fixed idea in our minds, we connect it, through the organs of sense, with a wholly fanciful image without — or hallucinations in which we reverse the pro- cesB. In the latter, we work from without inwards. We see something— the heal of a turnip outside of us, and it immediately sug gests to our disordered inner- man the head of a ghost. Speaking broadly, the pure theory of this exposure is not much more recondite than " late suppers." There is something the matter with us when we have these experiences so much out of the common, and we have only to get well again, in body or mind, "to have our illusions disappear. The maddest people see the most sights. Always keep a box of matches by your bedside in a haunted house. As often as not the phantom is merely rats. These were the directions for ghost laying, given to our fathers, and they are nearly as venerable as the ghost stories themselves. The annoying thing is that the stories persist in spite of them, and that the ghoBts im pudently assume new disguises in every age. This lays a heavy burden on the police of the night side of nature. The best haunted man in all London is probably Mr. Maskelyne himself. Ghosts that he has collared a dozen times, and " put away" for long termB of penal servitude in their own sphere, are constantly returning to break bin rest. He has laid the Indian miracle men over and over again, yet here they are once more. It is but the old impostor in a new disguise. If these men are half so extraordinary as their dupes would have us believe, Mr. Maskelyne wonders why they have never been brought to London to reap a harvest of gold. This seems a very pertinent Observation. The basket and ohild trick which some people will regard as marvellous, is the simplest thing in the world. The basket is so made that the little ohild can be snugly coiled all round the upper part of it while the juggler is passing the sword back wards and forwards beneath, and producing the streams of blood by a process almost too simple to deserve mention. When he lifts up the basket, the child has disappeared, for it is still in its narrow prison within. When he sets it down again, the little one who is seen trotting up from the neighbouring grove is merely a twin brother of the still concealed original. The mango trick Is done with the help of a bag, or cloth fitted with pockets, in which the various specimens that are presently-to "be produced by watering a dry tick . are carefully stowed away. As for piritualists. well- nigh every medium of note has1, been in the long run folly exposed. The Misses Fox, who made a great impression in America some years ago, were foond on medical examination to be mere 44 loosely- constructed girls," who produced the raps by snapping their toe and knee joints. They finally 44 owned up " in the handsomest way. The Davenport Brothers, who were exposed by Messrs. Maskelyne " and Cooke, were the sons of an American policeman, who taught them theirtrade. 1 1 was but anew form of an old trade whioh comes from the East, but the brothers carried it to great perfection. The instantaneous tying and untying was simply marvellous, says Mr. Maskelyne. It baffled him for a long while, till the accidental falling of a pieoe of drapery from a window, at a critical moment, let him into the seoret. In a few months after that he and Mr. Cooke reproduced every item of the Davenport cabinet and dark seance The inexplicable, according to Mr. Maske lyne, Is merely something we have not had tame or opportunity to explain. In some instances, it is to be vervsimply explained by a word of three letters. $hat word wilhoome in useful, in onr estimate of a certain store of the Emperor Jehaugire. His Majestydeciaredhe had seen a ohain thrown into the air and remain fixed, while lions, tigers, dogs, pisrs, aud panthers were made to ascend and vanish at the top. A few years ago, as Dr. Maudsley has reminded us in his well-known book, a chief judge of a British Consulate Court told a ghost story of a most interesting character. , He had once been disturbed, he said, in the middle of the night by a reporter of the Court, who insisted on having a copy of a written . judgment which the judge was to deliver on the morrow. The man simply walked into his bedroom, and the judge, fearing to awaken his sleeping wife, complied with this extra ordinary request. The next day, when the judge entered the court, the usher announced the sudden death of the reporter in question. It had taken place at the very moment of his nocturnal visit — about 1 in the morning. This story . was afterwards contradicted in almost every important particular by one who knew all the facts. In the first place, there was no sleeping wife in the matter. The judge was a widower at the time. In the next, the judge had no written judgment to deliver on the day to which he referred, and therefore he delivered none. Then, the reporter did not die at the hour of the alleged visit, but between 8 and 9 in the morning, and after a good night's rest. This contradiction was sent to the judge ; he was angry, but he was not able to contradict it in his turn. Our authors are clearly of opinion that all other narratives of this sort would fare no better, if they could be tested in the same way. 