Soma Good Ghost Stories. The latest number of the Proceedings of the Society'of Psychical Research (Kegan Paul) con- tains more stories 6t ghosts which' have recently come under its notice. JOHN BIiANBY's "OHOST." Mr. W. F. H. Myers, writing on " Indications of Continued Terrene Knowledge on the Part of Phantasms of the Dead," gives'particulars of a case for'which he is indebted U Lady Gore Booth. Her son, then a schoolboy of ten, was the percipient, and her youngest daughter, then aged fifteen, also gives a first- hand account of the incident, as follows!-' "Lissadell, Sligo, February, 1891. "On April IO, 1889, at about half-past nine o'clock a.m., my youngest brother and I were going down a Bhort flight of stairs leading to the kitchen to fetch food for my chickens, as usual. We were about half way down, my brother a few steps in advance of me, when he suddenly said-'Why, there's John Blaney ; I didn't know he was in the house !' John Blaney was a boy who lived not far from us, and he had been employed in the house as ball-boy not long before. I said that I was sure it was not he (for I knew he had left some months previously on account of ill-health), and looked down into the passage, bat saw no one. The passage was a long one, with a rather sharp turn in it, bo we ran quiokly down the last few steps and looked round the corner, but nobody was there, and the only door he could have gone through was shut. As we went upstairs my brother said, ' How pale and ill John looked, and why did he stare so ?' I asked what he was doing. -My brother answered that he had his sleeves turned np, and was wearing a large green apron, such as the footmen always wear at their work. An hour or two afterwards I asked my maid how long John Blaney had been back in the house. She seemed much surprised, and said, ' Didn't yon hear, miss, that he died this morning ?' On inquiry we found he had died about two hours before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should be told this, but he heard of it somehow, and at once declared that he mast have seen his ghost. " Mabel Olivb Gobs Booth." "This apparition," says Mr. Myers-" unless we explain it as a telepathic impression projected at the moment of death, and remaining latent for some hours before it attained externalization-may poBsibly be taken as showing something of con-» tinned memory in the departed boy." A "SCBNb" ON THE ÜAWN. Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr. Myers with the true names, but with a request to conceal them and some local details on account of the painful nature of the incident described, is the following :-Our informant, whom I will call Mrs. M., writes under date December 16th, 1891 : i ". . . One night on retiring to my bedroom about eleven o'clock, I thought I heard a peculiar moaning sound, and some sobbing as if in great distress of mind. I listened very attentively, and still it continued ; so I raised the gas in my bed- room, and then went to the landing window of which I have spoken, drew the blind aside-and there on the grass was a very beautiful young girl in a kneeling posture before a soldier, in a general's uniform, sobbing, and clasping her hands together, entreating for pardon ; but, alas ! he only waved her away from him. So much did I feel for the girl, that without a moment's hesitation I ran down the staircase to the door opening upon the lawn, and begged her to come in and tell me her sorrow. The figures then disappeared ! Not in the least nervous did I feel then ; went again to my bedroom, took a sheet of writing paper and wrote down what I had seen." [Mrs. M. has found and sent us this paper. The following wordB are written in pencil on a half-sheet of notepaper :-" March 13th, 1886. -Have just seen visions on lawn :-a soldier in general's uniform-a young lady kneeling to him. 11.40 p.m.] . . . . " It appears the story is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family had been ah illegitimate child ; and her parents and relatives would not recognise her again, and she died broken-hearted. The soldier was a near relative (also a connection of my husband's) ; and it was in vain she tried to gain his-the soldier's-forgiveness." [In a subsequent letter Sir X. Y.'s career is described. He was a distinguished officer.] " So vivid was my remem- brance of the features of the soldier that some months after the occurrence, when I happened to be calling with my husband at a house where there was a portrait of him, I stepped before it and said : ' Why, look ! There is the General !' And sure enough it was." AN APPABITION AT WESTHINSTBB TOWN-HALL. A third instance is that where the decedent, who had been strongly interested in an event which was closely approaching when he died, seemed to choose the occasion of that event to manifest his continued interest in the friend whom the little crisis-a the- atrical performance-concerned. The account of the apparition two days after the death of the person seen was written down by Mr. Myers from the verbal account of the percipient, and corrected and signed by her s " August 4th, 1890. " On the evening of Saturday, April 26th, 1890,1 was engaged with my sister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of 'The Antigone,' at the Westminster Towu Hall. A passage led down to several dressing-rooms used by the ladies who were taking part in the representation, and nowhere else. None of the public had any business down this passage ; although a friend came to the door of the dressing-room once to speak to some of as. "I was passing from one dressing-room to another, a few steps further along the passage, just before going on to the stage, when I saw in the passage, leaning against the doorpost of the dressing-room which I had left, a Mr. H., whom I had met only twice, but whom I knew well by sight, and as an acquaintance, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I held out my hand to him, Baying, ' Oh, Mr. H., I am so glad to see you.' In the excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that he should have come thus to the door of the dressing-room-although this would be an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. There was a brilliant light, and I did not feel the slightest doubt as to his identity. He was a tall, singular-looking man, and need to wear a frock-coat buttoned unusually high round* the throat. I just observed this coat, bnt noticed nothing else about him specially except his face. He was looking at me with a sad expression. When I held out my hand he did not take it, bat shook his head slowly, without a word, and walked away down to the passage, back to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over his strange conduct, beiag in a great harry to finish dressing in time. " Next day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, my sister called out to me, ' You will be sorry to hear that Mr. H. is dead.' ' Surely not,' I exclaimed, 'for I saw him hut night at "The Antigone."' It turned out that he had been dead two days when I saw the figure.' ' It may be added that Mr. W. S. Lilly states that he was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly informed her sister, Míbs J., of the death of'Mr. H.J and he bears witness to Miss J.'b extreme astonishment, and her exclamation, ' Why I Raw him 'hut night at " The Antigone" I' " 