[?] THE m rams A Tale of the year One Thousand Nine Hundred. By FERGUS HUME, Author of the ' Mystery of a Hunsom Cab,' ' Mudumc Midas,' ' Monsieur Judas,' &c.; CHAPTER IVf ' \ou, as a doctor, should know how germs I multiply,1' replied Malistcr (juietly. 'I break tliat in the street and tlie infusoria within will come in contact with the outer air. When that takes placo there is no hopo for this evil city ; for every , atom mil in crease a thousand-fold, and the wind will hear the seeds of death into every street, into every house, into every room. The air will be heavy with the breath of the plague — the strong -.man shall fall prone iu the midst of his toil — the orgy Of the. voluptuary will end in death — no more shall be heard the sounds of labor or pleasure,' and the grass will grow in the populous streets of this city. The living will have no time to bury the dead, and they will he at the doorsof their palaces \- with no one to heed them. Woe 1 woe 1 to this miglity city wiucn iiatn weanea neaven by her crimes, for the end is at hand and tho pride of the earth will be humbled to the dust.' Rehelspear listened to this biblical address with an unmoved countenance, and handed back the plual to Malistcr, who replacedit in his pocket. ? . . ' I don't believe that bottle contains all the woes you have described,' he said, coolly ; ' but let us grant, for the sake of argument, that it does. If so, do you think it a wise or a pious thing to sow the seeds of a terrible disease m the midst of your fellowcountry . men/' , . ' They will uot listen to my voice,' cried Malister, with fervid fierceness. ' I have called to the sheep but they will not obey ? ? the voice ot the shepherd All the vices of the earth are to be found in this wealthy city of palaces. They are drunken with their wealth, and failed with pride, when thinking of their strength. Three montliB have I preached in the public places, and ever I have been railed and scoffed at. Now, the measure of their iniquities is full and runneth pver, for the Most Highis wearied of their sin and pcrvcrseness. Three more days will I call upon them to repent, and if they do not 1 must obey tho words of Heaven, and bring upon this generation, of mockers tlio doom which they have called upon themselves.' 'By the way,' said Julian, suddenly in terrupting this long address, ' if this plague kills everyone, how did your Dervish aud . guide escape I' Malister drew forth from another pocket a phial similar to the first, but it contained no black liquid, and, in fact, looked as if it con contained nothing at all ; and, moreover, in stead of being sealed at both ends, it had a glass stopper, which could easily bo un screwed when the contents were required to be made use of. ' This is a curc for the Burning Sickness,', ho said, giving the phial to ltebclspear ; ' ' it contains a liquid clear as crystal. Three drops in a tumbler of water will change it to a liquid the color of blood. Whomsoever drinks it will be cured at once. Tho dervish and my guide were both seized with . the plague, but: were cured as I have, told you, and the plual was given to me so as to pre serve me through the horrors tliat are to come.!' RebelBpear was as incredulous over this second phial as lie was over the first, and gave it back to Malister with a contemptu ous .smile, 'but, to his surprise,' the old mau refused to take it. ' No ! ' lie said, waving his thin hand. ' You liavo been kind to me, and I promised to aid you. No patients have you now, but in a week you will have many. Tho contents of that phial will cure them, and every drop is worth its weight in gold. Take it, sir, and when you hud my words come true, forget not that a kind action ever brings its re ward.' ' But what about yourself, Mr. Malister ? li this plague does come you will fall a vie tinrto'-it.' . ? ; - '1 care not, replied the fauatic, gloomily ; ? ' I have nothing left to live for. When I break this plual in the streets, and sow the germs of the disease, my mission will be ended- 1 '- ? .'fi'iJut your daughter ? ' ? '? Ah, my daughter. True ; I had forgotten her, hilt ^ercliancc she. is dead. I will seek out Sir Ltako Kernshaw, aud demand of him ?my chile}.'. '.Sir. Luke lias two daughters,' said Julian, quickly. (. Is that so I Then lie will lose both. He will sutter the agonies he inllieted upon me. His children will die of the Burning Sickness, and lie lumselt will go down to the grave, but not before I come face to face with him once move.' ? ' His daughters shall uot die if this anti dote is any good,' said RebelBpear, bluntly, putting the phial in liis desk, ' for I am in love with one ot them.' \- .' She will bring. you -woe, oh, foolish man ! As the father is so shall be the child, and if you wed with a daughter of that wicked man you will be punished. But there 1 there ! marry if you will, for in a few weeks you will all he dead in tho streets of your city.' 'If you think Sir Luke, Kernshaw has treated you badly, why don't you go and sea him at once ?' asked tlie young doctor with a ?yawn. ' No, 1' cried Malisteiyputtiug 0u his hat ; '?I will not see him 1 I wi 11 not speak to hint until the doom falls upon him and his. When his two fair daughters lie dead at liis feet ; when he himself stands on the threshold of the'grave,'theu will I appearand show him this; marrod viage, this bent forni, to recall, to him the man he so deeply wronged. , Aud now, doctor,'! will take my leave, You have poured oil into my wounds, you have given me wine to drink, and in the time of coming trouble you will find that my gratitude will saVe you from death. For three days will 1 call aloud in the pulilie streets and summon all; to repentance. If none reply or hearken to[my (voice, then will .this great city, the pride of the earth, be levelled' to the dust. Spiders wi.ll weave their webs in her palaces, . and the nations will weep faroif with great . wailing at her fall.' He had thrown open the door during this speech, and the inrushing draught fluttered 'his loose garments as he faded out of the room like some unhappy ghost. Even after he had vanished the two young men could hear liis harsh voice raised iu lierce denuncia tions, , and then iliey heard the front door close sharply as he wont out into the silent night on his mission of doom. Oh, dear, dear !' yawned Julian, stretch ing himself! ' who ever heard such uf lot of rubbish '/ Why don't they shut up that old lunatic / If lie goes about lilie this he'll 1'rightcu allelic old women into fits.' ... don't believe his Arabian story, cer tainly,' said Rebelspear, slowly, 'but he might have some germs in that bottle likoly to cause trouble. I almost wish I had taken it oft' hiin.' ' Nonsense, my dear Krank. The man'sas nmd as a hatter, aud has infected you with his insanity. A plague, indeed ! who ever heard of such rubbish , ' ' Well, if tho plague does come, I'vo got the cure 1' ' No doubt, the cure aud the germs are about a muchness. If this burning sickness does turn up I'll conic to you to ho cured, Fniuk ; but I can't congratulate you on your lirst patient.' - 'Oh. something it; heller than nothing.' ?' No doubt, a» you luve at last really made a bWrt, just jump into your evening dress and oouiu to Kernshaw's at once to tell liva £ei'ni!w.v about your iirst success.' (To be Continued.) 