THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. I The first of a winter series ot %ntBtialn mente, which it is propowi to give in aid ot the Mechanios Institute, waa held last evfin I *w'8 ^Ittallfied suoceu, The SLi* reasonable, and the large hall was crowded to excess. Mr B. P. Farrelly presided, and aunonnoed eaoh item, as programes were dispensed with. Messrs. A. Oastley and F. E, BarbWr, two favorite instrumentalists, opened the inter* tsfnment with* duet (clarigtiet and flute), 'Lo, hear the gentle lark,' whioh wu Mr Owat Balfe BeT®n tor a mbst demonstrative enoore replied with 'The charge of the Light Brigade.' Mr C. E. Long aang with his accustomed sweetnots 1 Jnde 1 « beautiful song, ' The casUe gate,' and j had to return, when he sang Adams' matter piece, 'Anchored,' Mr Alt Gastley then treated the audience to a skilfully played srfo on his favorite instrameot, the clarionet. Mr G. O. Gilmore rodted ' The fireman's Jove' with great effeot, and replied i;o a hnrtj rritall with ' The novel writer.' Dngan,oneof the most gifted lady violinists we have in Launccston, played a selection of Irish and Bootch airs, with so much and she responded with 'The witches' danoe.' 'The King's minstrel ' was Mr C. Bt. J. David's contribution, and bd alro had to re* turn and ? bow his acknowledgments to a recall- Mr G. O. Gilmore then sang 41 The snnper'a flag' with splendid offect, and M*8s Plaice charmed the audience with her exquisite singing of ' Non d ver,' and for an encore she replied with that merry little ditty, ' The fish won't bite.' 'The road to heaven ' was the title of a recitation given by Mrs F. Styant Browne, who entranced her numerous . ABdlenoe with her finished elocutionary ability, ^hat many considered the feature of Q)6 RMHimmA mm thu ShchianArUn cn«nM namely, the chamber scene from ' Hamlet' and the jealons^ Scene from ' Othello.' Mr Abraham Barrett represented the melan oholy bane in the first and the Moor of Venice In tbe second scene with remarkable force and finished declamatory power. Mr Oscar Balfp in fcha firnt, donhlfli) Polonina nnil the Ghost, and represented Iago in the Beoond selectioa, while Mrs F. Styant Browne, in the scene from ' Hamlet,' played the Qaeon with the skill and dramatic force of one long versed In the art of the etage. There was another item on the programme, but some members of the audience, who would diBgrace a dog fight, displayed snob reprehensible conduot that the gentleman wisely left the stage, and Mr Balfe had to step forward and denounce such conduot, re gretting that some blackguards had managed to sneak in unnoticed. 