The Windsor- Tragedy. Further Particulars from lSnglniitl. tiliOMts at llnliiliill Alarm tlic Visitors. Williams's Arrival at Albuny. His CoHl'csMion at l*ertli. lie Shaves Himself with a Ilrokcu Baltic. 11)1 CHILI: MEBUAQG.! LONDON', March 2fi. Just prior to taking the villa nt llainhill, where the murders wore committed, Deeming gave an expensive lunch to three ladies in a restaurant in Liverpool, stating that he had mudo lots of money at Johannesburg. The landlord told him that there was a jeweller from Johannesburg staying at the restaurant, and asked permission to introduce him. Deem ing thereupon became greatly confused, and, declining the introduction, left somewhat hur riedly. It seems that at Klerksdop in the Transvaal in April, 1889, Deeming claimed to be the late manager oE the Mount Morgan Gold Mine in Queensland. While there lie defrauded an English gentleman ol £3000 by means of a false telegram to a Mr. Grice, the Englishman's agent. Afterwards through an accomplice Deeming circulated the report of his own death. It is now alleged, and the allegation makes the murder more mysterious than ever, that Mrs. Deeming was seen in Liverpool, which is about nine milcB from llainhill, subsequent to the supposed date of the murder. It liaa transpired that while at Rainbill Deeming kept large fires burning in tbc villa after the murders Lad been committed. The ashes found in the grates of the kitchen and drawing-room have been examined) and traces of cloth discovered. While he was aboard the Dunkeld he ignored the ship's inkstand, preferring to use bis own, which was made of carved gold. Before leav ing be presented diamond rings to the first officers of the boat. A blood-stained necktie has been found in the villa at Jlainhill, and is supposed to have been torn off bj Deeming when he was heated by digging. Belie hunters are plundering the villa. It has been shown that Un. Deeming bought an eight-guinea plush mantle, seteral.leghora bats, and larj?e feathers before the murder, and these are all missing. No English detective has sailed for Mel bourne, and the police here wholly disbelieve Deeming's concession in regard to theWbite chapel murders. The lont tale of horrors which has been un folded by the discovery of the body of a murdered woman at Windsor has not up to the prese ? bicn relieved by any inoident in con nection with the extended criminal career of the notorious Williams. One incident has, however, just been reported, which is not without its amusing side. Since the discovery of tbe bodies 01 Denham Villa, Bainhill, the house has been guarded by police. Last night, while some persons were visiting the site of the villa, mysterious noises .verc heard in different parts of the house, and the belief that the disturbance was caused by the ghosts of the victims so alarmed tbe visitors that they all fled, the nolicemen clearing out with them. LONDON, March 27. There are conflicting opinions about the con fession of Swum ion that he is "Jack the Hipper." The authorities at Scotland Yard do not believe it, although they admit that it is possible owing to the movements of Deeming in 1688, when six of the murders were coumitted, being unknown. There are others who re^a-'d the confession as consistent. The theory that Deeming has oonfessed to the " Jack the liipper". murders has occasioned great excitement *t Bainhill, where Deeming frequently discussed the St bject. [Br Electbio Telesiuth.] ^gDKET, March 20. It is now thought by some persons that Deeming probably had something to do with several stabbing cases which occurred at tbe ; end of November, 1881, in various parts of the city, when several women were stabbed in the back by a man who could never be caught. In Sydney nine residences of Williams were traced, but nothing having been discovered at the last residence, the others were not searched. Mklboobne, March 27. The Governor has received a cablegram from the Secretary of State lor the colonies intima ting that if Mr. Webster, ex-governor of tbe Hull Gaol, now visiting Melbourne and Sydney, could identify Williams as tbe person con victed in 1890 and sentenced to nine month's in Hull Gaol under the name of Henry Lawson, his identity with the Bainhill murderer would be completely established. Two letters have just been made publio at Broken Hill which have been reeeived from Swanston by Mr. Thomas BounBefell, brother to Miss Bounsefell, who was engaged to him. Bounaefell is a pleasant young fellow, working on the Proprietary mine, and is heartily glad that the awful discovery of the mntler was made before his Bister bad joined the man who is suspected of being tbe author of tbe terrible crime. Pebih, March 26. It is stated that tho alleged confession ol 8wanston, that be was implicated in both the Rainhill and the Whiteohape! murders, has been confirmed. The confession was made by Bwanston to hiB legal adviser Mr. B. S. HayneB. When the case was first placed in his hands, Mr. HayneB demanded to know the whole strength of bis defence. Bwanston replied that ho would make a olean breast of it, and said that he was guilty of the Bainhill murders. On the eubjeot of tbe Windsor murder a care ful reticenoe was observed on both sides. Mr. Hayues then touched upon the subject of the Whitechapel murders, as he desired to know whether his client was or was not " Jaok the Hipper." Swanston replied that he had com mitted tbe last two murders in 1890, but that he knew nothing of the previous ones. It is understood that SwanBton relies for hts defence upon the fact that the murder was alleged to have been committed on December H, and he can produce witnesses that his wife was seen in Melbourne on December 29, five days later. He will assert that his wile cleared out with another man. The prisoner preserves his oustomaiy attitude of contempt, and continues to stoutly proolaim his innocenoe. He iB fully aware, not only of the mv'A materials of the present case, but of tLe d' .0'. s at IUinhil), and all that has hap pened since. To all outward appearances this knowledge has not the slightest effect upon Williams' frame of mind. SwanBton, or Deeming, left Perth yosterday on his w y to Albany, where he will arrive to night. Detective Oawsey and two constables accompany the prisoner. On Friday ac ..." j, before leaving Perth, SwanBton tried bard to bo allowed to shave off his moustache, but tbe authorities refused to allow him to do so. Tbe train journey from Perth to Albany was in every way remarkable. At every country station the railway platform was crowded with men, women, and children, who struggled to get a view of the prisonor, and who assailed him with the cries of "Murderer," "Jack the " Ripper," and so on. At first the prisoner met theBo remarks with apparent composure, but their constant repetition soon told on his nerves, and he occasionally broke up, and tried to htdo himself. At York station, the onlookers would havo lynohed the prisoner had they got bold of him. He occasionally took fits in the train, and again and again tried to get his handcuffs off. ALBANY, Maroh 27. SwanBton was taken on board the steamer Snllarat early this morning. Last night at 10 o'clock Detective Can-Bey saw tbe prisoner in gaol, and found everything all right, but at 5.HO this morning when lie went to prepare the prisoner for the steamer be found him clean shaved. During tbe night lie had smashed a bottle in his eell and with the edge of the broken glass he bad deliberately chopped ok his moUBtaehe. Tho effect has been to alter his appearance in the most extraordinary degree. He said that he wanted a shave badly, and could not disguise his triumph at bis suc cess, and in fact he bore a grin all the way to the steamer. Since this episode it lias been decided to always handcuff the prisoner to another man. Tbe whole affair deepens the impression that tbe fits in the railway carriage were only part of a clever scheme to get bis handcuffs taken off. They were removed when be was in gaol, and the plot therefore suc ceeded. 