THE WINDSOR WRDER* Dinbam Villa Doomed. A Ghostly Policeman. The Alleged Confession. The Inquest at Rainhili. London, March 25, 6.15 a.m. KauiMU is still thronged by crowds of people, who have come from all parts of the United Kingdom to look at the scene of the murders which have now been made notorious in every corner of Great Britain. Disorder has prevailed for several days, while every fresh fact made known in connection with Deeming's career of crime has further excited the crowd. The wrath of the rougher portion of the visitors culminated on Thursday in an attack on Dinham Villa, where the victims were buried. The mob stormed the house, and in spite of the .efforts to keen them out thev swarmed through every room, breaking off relics and other wise wantonly damaging the property, the owner of which has decided to demolish it, as all attempts at letting it' would now be fruitless. It is alleged on good authority that Mrs. Deeming was seen in Liverpool at a date subsequent to that on which it is supposed by the police that she and her children were murdered. London, March 25, 5.25 p.m. A policeman is constantly stationed at Dinham Villa, Rainhili, in order to protect it from the mob of loafers who are constantly hanging about the house. The officer takes up his abode in one of the rooms at night, and recently some visitors who had gone up after dark to the scene of the murders hearing him moving about in the villa, fled in terror, crying out that the ghosts of the woman and children who had been murdered were in possession of the place. . Some consterna tion was caused in. the village by the report, which is still believed by many of the more superstitious inhabitants. London, March 23, P. 55 o.m. Dalziel's agency have received a cable to the effect that Williams has confessed to th£ commission of two of the White chapel murders hitherto attributed to 'Jack the Ripper.' This statement has been published in the evening papers, which had a rapid sale, and a tremendous sensation was caused by the report. The ashes of two fires which had been lighted at Dinham Villa during the occu pancy of Williams have been carefully analysed, and have been pronounced to be the remains of various articles of clothing. liONDON, march Z7, 7.3U a.m. Conflicting opinions are expressed with regard to the alleged confession by Wil liams that he is identical with ' Jack the Ripper.' t The detectives of Scotland Yard do not believe the story, but they admit that it may possibly be true, as his movements in 1888, when six of the Whitechapel murders were committed, are unknown, and the places of his residence when the other murders were committed are con sistent with the theory of his guilt. Great excitement has been caused by the report at Rainhili, as it is remem bered that Deeming frequently discussed the doings of ' the1 Ripper,' in whom he evinced much interest. He was known also to possess knives such as would be capable of inflicting injuries similar to those sustained by the Whitechapel vic tims. The head of the Criminal Investigation Department thinks that Williams is trying to secure a remand to England so as to lengthen his life by a few months. The report that a detective had sailed for Australia with portraits and other in criminating evidence is denied. Docu ments for the purpose of securing the ex tradition of Williams will only be for warded in the event of an acquittal on the charge of committing the murder at Windsor. London, March 28, 7 a.m. It his been ascertained that Deeming lavishly entertained his fiancee, Miss Matheson, and her mother, at Antwerp in 1888, and that he eluded the demands of importunate creditors by showing them telegrams to the effect that his ances tral castle in England had been de stroyed by fire, leaving him temporarily enibarassed for lack of ready money. He posed as a wealthy nobleman, and found little difficulty in deceiving those with whom he came in contact, so that he was able to run into debt to an almost limit less extent with the greatest impunity. The Standard in commenting on the evidence which has been collected by the police in reference to Williams, expresses the opinion that he is a man of limitless resource and of the blackest criminality, while the Daily News remarks that the knowledge of moral anatomy, which will be made public in the process of the trial, will yield valuable results to those who interest themselves in studies of this kind. London, March 28, 3 p.m. The inquest on the bodies of Mrs. Deeming and the four children which were disinterred from beneath the kitchen floor at Dinham Viila, has resulted in a verdict of murder against Frederick Deeming, who is now known to be iden tical with Williams. 