Wxt gtorg-WtUen THE WH1.TJ5 DOG. A GHOST STORY. 15V GEOIIGE R. SIMS. Author •>! •'].;;'hts a' London," "The Dagoncft iJalliiils,"ifcc., <tc. It was the. o.-uly morning of Christmas Day. Tin: ci"c!: • ! tin; nearest church Doomed out! the lit;-:i ; immediately afterwards the bih clo-ck in iii.ll followed its example in a deep bas-E v- .;.-.. 'then tha littlo clock in the diiiiiij;rcoii; piped out the hour of 3 in a childish treble. A few minutes afterwards my library clock, which has defied the efforts of the professional regulator for years, made three feeble sounds in an apologetic- manner, which, said as plainly as possible, " I'm very sorry I'm so late, but bet tor late than never." Then the kitchen and the bedroom clocks struck, and by a quarter past 3 every dock in the bouse bad informed me whut the time was—or ought to I.e. It wa3 3 o'clock in the morning, or rather in the dead of the night, so that in this great lonely bourn which I inhabit eveiy sound was diftli ctly audible—much too audible for a nervous man, who invariably starts at the ghostly noises of the small hours, and has a vague belief in the supernatural. Many a time, when I have been writing far into the night, have I suddenly looked up from my work ami listened, and bui3t into a profound perspiration as some piece of furniture iu the room gave a blooi-curdling creak. When the furniture takes to creaking I invariably leave off work and creep upstairs to lied. There are two things which invariably put an c-nd to my consumption of the midnight oil, and cause my face to be sicklied o'er with the pale cast, not of thought, but of terror. Ona is the creaking of the furniture, and tbe othec is a mysterious breathing on the nape of my neck. That breathing always temporarily paralyses me. I sit in dumb terror for a minute or two, and gradually the power of .speech comes back to me, or I call to imaginary dogs to come to my assistance, and make hysterical efforts to hum popular airs of a gaj and festive description. I don't know what use a dog would be to me in a struggle with that impalpable breather on the nape of my neck, and I cannot for the life of me imagine how I became possessed of the idea that a comic eong was a charm against) sepulchril intruders on one's midnight privacy. I am only telling you what I do, why I do it I must leave for the learned in these matters ta -"eteimine. On the particular oighli when the adventure happened to me which I am about to relate, the clocks had all struck 3. I have dwelt on the circumstance in order that yon may underitand my feelings when a certain extraordinary thing happened. I was sitting alone in my library, writing.' My servants had all gone to bed hours ago, and my li'.tle dogs were fast asleep in the kitchen below. Suddenly, just as I was writing the closing: lines of the story on which I was engaged, my big bookcase gave an unearthly creak, and immediately afterwards I fancied I heard a rustling behind me. I didn't turn my head— 1 never can when I bear a rustling in tbemiddle of the night—and presently I felt upon the nape of my neck a tiny current of air, as though some one were breathing on it. As soon as I had recovered from the state of abject terror into wbich those phenomena flung me (I shall never get used to them if I live ta be a hundred) I began my usual performance. "Here Fido, Fido," I exclaimed. *• Where are you—bite him Fido—go for* em, Fido." The words were hardly out of my mouth , before I gave a startled ciy, and leaping out of' myebair, made a wild dash at the door. The moment I had called upon the imaginary Fido, a low -growl had proceeded from beneath the table on which I was writing, and presently, to my horror, there stood before me a white dog with wild flaming eyes, I had never Been the dog before; He was not one of my dogs, be was an utterstranger to me, where on earth had he cime from? You must remember that it was 3 o'clock in the morning, and then you will understand my astonishment at this remarkable answer to my call. I expected that this mysterious canine visitor would spring upon me, I wasn't sure that I shouldn't wake up and find myself the victim oi a nightmare. Imagine my astonishment when the animal walked quietly up to me and began to wag his tail. With a great effort I managed to stoop downand pat him. He wagged his tail more than, ever then, and there was no doubt that he was a real dog of flesh and blood, and not a ghostly visitor or a creation of my disordered imagination. But hnw in tbe name of goodness had the strange dog managed to be in my study at"3 in the morning. The house had been locked up since midnight, and all the time I had been at work I had not heard a sound. I couldn't sit tbere with that mysterious dog. To do any more work was impossible, so patting the strange dog again I walked out of the room, and, closing the door behind me, went upstairs to bed. Outside my housekeeper's bedgo out of the front door—keep him till I come down." I was determined to fathom the mystery of the strange canine visitor if possible. The next morning when I came down ta breakfast, I asked about the dog—I half expee ted the reply would be, " What dog, sir ? we haven't seen any dog." But it was nothing of the sort—the dog was found fast asleep in my easy chair when the library door was opened in the morning. The housekeeper had taken him downstairs into the kitchen and tied him up to the leg of the table. Ho was a very nice dog, and he didn't look at all ghostly in the daylight. When I went! downstairs and patted him he stood UD on his hind legs and tried to lick my hand. * _ "How in the name of goodness did he geti into my study last night without any ona knowing anything about it?" I asked. We all thought the matter over, and at las6 it was unanimously decided that when tho housemaid went out of the front door at eleven o'clock to lock up the area gate, the white dog who was probably lost must have crept in at the open door, walked into my study, concealed himself under the table and fallen; It is the habit of a lost dog to feel nervous and to cower aud lie down in any place ol shelter he may iiud. My little black and tan dogs did not approve of the new comer at all. They were jealous, and resented In eveiy possible way the little attention I paid to the intruder, whom I at once christened, bearing in ruind the circumstances under which I had discovered him, " Ghost." It being Christmas Day, I left home early jn the morning to spend the day with some relations. Christmas Day has long ceased to be a day of merrimenb to me. I have reached that time oE life when there is too much to look back upon—too much to mourn and regret, foe any anniversary to be a veiy joyous one. Still Christmas, even to the most unfortunate among us, has its soothing side, and it iB a day on which we can "gather up what joye are left' and live our last happiness once again, in the innocent mirth of the little ones who ara the life and soul of the family party. Of course I told everybody about the whits dog who had suddenly appeared, as if by magic,' in my study in the middle of the night, and everybody was interested excepting the chddren. _ I explained the theory by which I accounted for his getting into the house, and the eldeu people agreed with me, but the younger folks wouldn't accept anything so prosaic in the way of explanation. They were sure that the white dog " meant" something. One of my nieces, who had had "Madame D'Aulnoy's Fairy Tales" as a Christmas gift, hazarded the suggestion that it might be a prince who had been turned into a dog by the fairies, and would resume bis shape under certain conditions. In the afternoon we sat round the fire,' between the lights, and the conversation onca more turned upon the mysterious dog. Yielding to the influence of the midnight hour, X launched on a theory of my own, and suggested that perhaps, after all, Ghost was a supernatural dog, and had been sent in answer ta my call for canine aid againsi the spirits who annoyed me by breathing on the nape of my neck at midnight. "Fancy, if he is a ghost dog after all, uncle," said my niece Maudie, 41 how awfully romantic!" My nephew Sidney who is a year older, instantly chimed in with a vigorous •' bosh !" and declared there were no ghosts of any kind and certainly no dog ghosts. He was certain that we ehonld find that Ghosii was just a lost dog who had seen a door open and darted in the house because be was getting cold and uncomfortable in the streets. "You put an advertisement in the Daily Telegraph," he said, "and see if somebody does not come forward to claim him." I thought it was a veiy sensible suggestion, and I determined to, act upon it, especially as Gbosb was a weil-bred and valuable dog, and had every sign of having been a pet, and well cared for. When I reached home that night my firsti enquiry was about the dog. "He's been quiet enough, sir," said my housekeeper. "He slept in the bigohaixin the kitchen till it was dark. Then he went) upstairs and lay down under your study, and he's there now." I went into the study and whistled, and onli came the white dog. He wagged his tail, looked at me in a wistful kind of way, and then crawled back under the table again, and so I left him for the night. The next day being Boxing Day I could nob get any handbills printed, but on Monday I K* about the tatk ol Sading GLoat's ewuer, I bad a fine description of him sot forth in a andbill, and I gave my address, and stated hat the owner could have him on application to me. 1 also advertised him in the Daily Telegraph. A week went by, and I received no application, and so I made up my mind that (jrhost had oome to stay, and I began to consider him as one of the family. He settled down to hiB new home all right, but there was one peculiarity about hiii. Nothing would induce him to sleep anywhere but in my study. Directly nisfht fell, no matter where he was, Ghost would como to my study door and whine there unti! I let him in. He would walk straight under the table, and cnrl himself up, and there he would remain. One day. about eleven o'clock in the morning, my servant came to me and said that a gentleman wished to see me at once. "Hesay he's come about the dog, sir." At last, I thought, the mystery of Ghost is to be cleared up. Then I said aloud "Show the gentleman in." The gentleman who came in was a tall, goodlooking man, with a wild beard and large, wild eyes. He looked like one of those Bohemian artists one used to meet with in the Quartier Latin in Paris in the old days beforo Bohemia ceased to be. and art and literature gave up eccentricity and settled down in fin de sieelc respectability—at least of an outward appearance. My visitor seemed thoroughly agitated. Before I could ask him to take a seat he had dropped into a chair, and was panting as if exhausted with a long walk. " I've run here," he exclaimed—" I've run all the way from Hampstead." " Indeed," I said, wondering what manner of man this could be. " Yes; I only heard of your advertisement this morning —I heard of it at the police station. You've got the dog?" " If you mean a white dog that came into my house most mysteriously rather more than a week ago—yes, I have—" " Oh, dear ! — oh, dear !" exclaimed the strange gentleman, pulling out a large red pockethandkerchief; "it's very dreadful—it's very awful! Has he bitten you ?" -"Good heavens, no!" I replied, becoming ssriouBly alarmed. " Has he bitten your wife or your children 2" " I have no wife or children." "Ah—that's very lucky, very lucky ! Has he bitten your other dogs, your servants, or your cat!" "Good gracious, no! He's a very quiet and amiable dog. But why do you ask ?'" " Why—gh lord—I don't hke to tell you but 1 must, of course I must—you ought to know—" He mopped his brow again, and for a, moment bis face became so violently contracted I thought he was going to have a lit. "Pray do not keep me in suspense and almost agony. What do you know about this dog!" " Ah, everything, too much it's very dreadful, where is he now ?" I had firgotten all about the dog for a moment in my excitement. When the question was put to me thus directly I remembered l . J had last seen the dog asleep nnder ' table. "I - think he's in the room now, lifting Here- Ghost the Ghost" tablecloth. "Yes, here i My visitor uttered a wild shriek and sprung •n the chair. At"the~saine moment Ghost roused and alarmed ran out. .He gave one look at my visitor, then uttering an unearthly yell flew. out of the room and dashed madly upstairs towards the bedrooms. I was now thoroughly upset myself and I •wanted a pocket handkerchief to wipe my own brow, Will you be good enough to explain this extraordinary Hilary sceL, sir. Is*tbe dog yours!" I exclaimed. «• Yes—er—he was. Oh dear—how ^ my heart's beating. Thank goodness he didn't fly at me." " Are you afraid of the dog then? "Afraid—good gracious.. I should think so—why he's got hydrophobia." "What?" I yelled. " Yes, he has—he must have! It s all my fault. I inoculated him with it and he got a W "Sir, are you mad ?" I cried. " No—oh no—but it was a mad thing to do. I didn't want to tell you but it was my duty. If I'd heard that you or any of your household had died of hydrophobia I should never have forgiven myself." "Thedog has displayed no symptoms ot madness," I said, "jhe's as quiet and gentle as possible.' . , "It takes time to develop —it has. not develojjed yet. but it will, it must. It is an awful experiment. I oughtn't to have, done what I did. It was for true sake of science, but I have nc-ver slept Bince. I'm so glad he hasn't hi*ten anybody." " You say you inoculated the doe. Will you be good enough to explain—I must know everything sir. It is a most serious matter." " Yes. it is. I felt that or I shouldn't have come here. I am a great student of these matters, you know—I analyze everything. I have discovered a cureforcancer, butyoudon't want to hear about that." " No. I want to hear about the dog.' "Well, I got him from the Dogs' Home, and I thought I would try Pasteur's experiment for myself. I took the dog home, and havine procurtd some virus from a dog who had died of hydrophobia, I injected it under the skin of this dog, but I didn't have proper assistance and he got free. I was afraid of his biting me, and opened the front door and let him out. Then I saw what an awful thing I'd done. I ran after him. I didn't dare say anything, so I went back home and worried. I haven't slept properly since. I have been haunted by the idea that I had given a dog hydrophobia, and let it loose on the world." It was an infamous thing to do," I exclaimed indignantly. " Yes, of course it was, but I never meant to let the dog escape. At any rate I have made all the reparation in my power. Now the best thing vou can do is to have the dog killed before he does any mischief. Good morning." I was so astonished—to use a vulgar bat expressive word, so flabbergasted—that I let the man get up and put cn his hat and walk out of the house without endeavoaring to stop him. It was not until he had gone that I realized the situation in ail its horror. Ghost was a dog with undeveloped hydrophobia—a dog with the deadly virus working in his veins. And he was still loose in my house. At any moment he might develop the terrible and fatal disease ; at any moment, in a fit of sudden madness, he might fasten his teeth in the fleeh of one of my servants; he might fly at my own throat. As I realised the position, I felt the cold perspiration gathering on my brow. I sat for a moment paralyzed. I did not know what to do, I felt that I must keep the terrible secret locked in my own breast. To have told my servants would have been to fling them in a B'.ate of panic. The first tiling to do was to rescue the dog. I oiiered my door, and stood in the hall and whistled and called, "Ghost, Ghost, Ghost," but no Ghost came. With a forced calmness I went to the servants' hall, aud said quietly, " Have any of you seen Ghost ?" One of them had seen him run upstairs after the gentleman called,.but nobody had seen him since. I went upstairs on to the 'second floor, and called "Ghost" again, but still no Ghost appeared. Then I examined all the rooms, and looked carefully under the tables and sofas; then I went to the bedrooms, and looked^ carefully under ider the beds. There was absolutely po sign of < " Ghost anywhere. What ; was I to do. I couldn't leave a mad dog loose in the house. It was my duty instantly to explain this, and prevent him doing any mischief; but it was a case of the recipe of jugged hare—first catch your Ghost. I searched every room of the house for nearly an hour, and then I gave up tho quest in despair, and made up ray mind that Ghost had left my house as mysteriously as he had entered it. I wondered what I ought to do under the circumstances. I made up my mind that without alarming the public by advertisement, I had better consult the authorities. I couldn't advertise, "Anyone meeting a white dog is requested to kill it, as it has been inoculated with hvdrophobia." That would be to cause a panic, "and to cause the death of some hundreds of innocent dogs. So I went to the police station aud related the matter to the Inspector, and left him master to deal with it as saw fit. I spent the day out of doors, for I was too excited and nervous to do anything, but towards night I made my way home again. I had work to attend to, which was bound to be done before the morning. My first task on reaching home was to ask if anv one had seen Ghost. No one had. fled Satisfied that he was not in the house'I sat down in mv study, and was soon absorbed in the work I liad in hand. ! About U o'clock the servants went to bed, snd I wss the only person sitting up in the bouse. 1 heard the clock strike midnight, and then that unaccountable creepy feeling which I have formerly described came upon me. The furniture creaked and creaked, and I felt that chill lni'i't breathing on the nape of the neck. Instinctively—not for the moment knowing what I was doing, entirely forgetting the fearful revelation which had been made to me that day— T put my hand under the table and whispered to an imaginary dog. In a moment I felt a cold nose under my hand, aud I sprang back with a tiy of horror. Ai d guitly wagging his tail, out from under tV>i' 1'il.le era'A ltd a white dog. It was Ghost. At that iiiMiirnt I was a prey to the most abjwt terror. I stared at thu dog with eyes alm^-t. ttarting from my head. I had retreated to the fireplace, further rotreat was impossible. And slowly towards me, nearer and nearer ] came the white dog. Ho must have conceal.-J ' himself ail day in some top room, one of tiio garrets or the luiiiber-roo.n perhaps, aud when all was quiet he must have stolou down and gone to liis usual place under my table. I was too absoibed in my work to hear him enter, and he had laid quietly dozing until now. Gradually 1 regained my self-possession. It was no good letting the dog see that I was afraid cf him. He had evidently no hostile intentions towards me. _ But his affection was as dangerous as his amity. A mad dog can communicate hydrophobia by licking your hand. 1 remembered with horror how often during the past week G host had favoured me with that sign of canine affection. j 1 went to a drawer in my room where I kept • an old pair of gloves, and I carefully draw them i ! on—then I sat down and let Ghost como up to me, and with my gloved hand I patted his head and told him to go and lie down agaiu. He wagged his tail and went back under the table. : " He has not developed any of the symptoms yet," I thought to myself, " but he may at any ! moment. It will never do to let him come again. I'll secure him tight, and to-morrow I'll fetch a veterinary surgeon and consult him as to what onght to be done." : As soon as I was satisfied that Ghost was lying down again under the table I turned the gas down, crept to the door, went out, pulled it to, and then locked it, and put the key in my pocket. I then went upstairs, and put a note under the housekeeper's door, telling her that no one was to try and open the study door, as it was locked. I had left some papers about: that was the explanation I gave, as I did ' hours, nightmare. I dreamt that a huge white dog l with flaming eyes was sitting on my chest and endeavouring to lick my facl, face, and I I' was trying to nrevent him because he was mad. i The next morning I woke with a splitting headache. I went down to breakfast, and the servants told me that I must have shut Ghost in the study, for he had been whining and snatching at the handle of the door. "All right," I said, "111 let him out directly." But instead of letting him out I put on my hat and was just going off to fetch a surgeon from the Royal Veterinary College like my friend Professor Pritchard, or my friend Professor Axe, when the servant informed me that an Inspector of Police wished to see me. It was the Inspector to whom I had confided my exciting adventure of the previous day. ' " ~ i As soon as he had been shown into the ! dining-room he asked me what I had done with ? the dog. I I told him all that had hapoened, and that ' the dog was at present locked in niy study. J "That's all right," he said, "I thought ' perhaps you had had him killed." j You have ascertained something about the gentleman who called here?" I said. j " Yes, Sir, and that's why I have come to ''j see you. Directly you had gone yesterday I instructed one of m y, men J;°. J^® " * " Sen'found in the streets a day of two previously and not claimed. Somebody had, how- ever"! recced it as a dog who had been seen who had ^ambers in theStMnd lhegeuUe X V o f S he^V^ and hXrbin to sent for it ^ i r X rateTt wi deteined, and when a gentlem^.-a.e curious-looking gentleman you described, for the description tallies-came and w^ted a dog. . Thifone was shown to ing his address" in case the rightful thould " at any time make enquiries. ' Furnished „ nmwnHi with witn that mm, address .mure® -we wuvmuw continued ^ We wZt tothe h^use and h^^M. hi^tSdU^itTTis £0%: home Some time with afterwards him and taken the man it . heard to ms the room. door open and saw thB dog fly out. He happened to be standing at the front door, and the dog bolted past him. His master came down the stairs in a state of great excitement and ran after the dog." " The rest I know," I interposed. He.ran after him as far as the Park, when he lost sight of him. The dog b . evidently -3 f..^ saw my front 4.1 door oDen-mv housemaid was out locking the area £ * hJH V,ruW mV tabll and lav th ! e ' ySSSid"ihe S S ^ ' I ^pect that's | , tr.'-T". "w'w mo'finkh mv ftz As *soon l^ noiibie one of my m^n Sold^f this n^^fvant and pumped hfm b i f ™ ^ ^ about his master, lie wasn t inclmea to oe very communicative at first, but as soon as my man explained that it was a police enquiry he made no bones about telling tne whole truth. "His master is an eccentric gentleman ot fortune, and he himself is paitly valet, partly keeper. He lives in the house with him and looks after him for the family." "A madman !" I exclaimed. " I might have known it, none but a madman would have tried such an hideous and awful experiment." " Well, not exactly a madman from wnat we have been able to ascertain," said the Inspector, " but dc-cidedly cracked, subject to hallu cinations. It seems that he has got one big bee in his bonnet, and that is that he is a great scientific investigator. He thinks he hna has dis> covered a cure for cancers: and a cure for con sumption. He reads the medical journals, and tries experiments in a room he calls his laboratory. Oncc or twice he nearly blew himself up •with chemica's." " But about tho dog ." Well, it seems lately he has been reading a great deal about hydrophobia and Pasteur's experiments, end he conceived the idea that he would try and be the English Pasteur, so he went to the Dogs' Home, and got a dog to begin with." " Why did his keeper or his servant, or whatever vou like to call him, allow such a thing?" " , , "He ••nenwn-nneBiiJSBiai hadn't the slightest idea what he was — eoine to do, he says. He simply thought he'd r ^ , , i . -.1 j. "My dear sir, he never got any at all. That's where his madness comes in." "What, do you mean to say he didn't do anything at the dog ?" *' Oh, yes, he undoubtedly ran the point of a needle into a dog, andthatmade the dog leap up and * bolt, • and - 3 it was recollecting — that * needle made the dog howl and runaway when the poor lunatic came to see you." "But the virus which was on the point of the needle ?" Nothing to hurt. It seems that he told his man a _ Say J or J two - ago - to get i. u: him some hydrophobia virus. If he asked for a bit of the moon, the man would go out and bring him something. He always says that it is part of his duty. So he went out and bought a sixpenny bottle of gum, mixed a little of it with flour and water, and put it in a little phial, and said he had brought it from the College of Surgams." ' "Then, there was no virus on the needle?" "Absolutely none. I have ascertained beyond a shade of doubt that the facts are as I tell them to you." I jumped up and ran to the study door and unlocked it. Ghost came bounding out, and followed me into the dining- room. "Here is the dog," I said. The Inspector stooped down and patted him. " He is a nice dog," he said, " and I should say there is not an atom of virus about him. At any rate, thc-re is no hydrophobia. i ! He held his hand out, and the dog licked it. I was satisfied that the Inspector had ascertained the truth of the story he'd told me. ; ! Ghost, the white dog who eaine to me one night in such a mysterious way, is still a member of my household, and he still lies at night under "my study table while I am at work. I never saw the poor mad fellow, who gave me such a terrible fright, again : and I am by no means anxious to renew the honour . of his acquaintance. ; He gave me a very bad twenty-four hours, and might, had I been less cautious, have flung my household into a state of absolute panic. I am quite sure, had my servants ever known the story, there is not one of them who would not have given mo notice on the spot, and have fled from the presence of that terrible white dog; and they would probably have been haunted with the fear of developing sudden symptoms of hydrophobia for the rest of their natural lives. Ghost, so far from suffering from the mad- . ' • . r-. i 1 tiri I- . man's experiment, profited by it. When ha in terror from the prick of his new master's needle chance led him to a home where his many good qualities are appreciated, and where he will be an honoured guest as long as he lives. He is one of the few whose position has been materially impioved by the hydrophobia scare, 