MISSIONARY PROGRESS. THE Annual Report of the Rev. A. Devasagazan, the Hindu Evangelist of the L.M.S. Mission at Salem, is a very interesting document, and contains matter of great interest to all who look for the coming of the kingdom of Christ. He says, " Even the villagers who cherished the greatest prejudice and animosity to our work once, welcome us heartily in their midst and receive our message to them joyfully." In several villages it appears "the people told him they were tired of their idols, and that he might carry them away with him if he cared to do so. This weariness with the idols on the part of the lowest orders of the people strangely corresponds with the feeling of the Brahmins themselves in South India, The chief organ of this powerful caste in bourhern India is the "Hindu" newspaper. Now in a leading article published in this paper, and therefore coming with very great authority, the Editor actually says,At present, the Hindu religion is a Vast shapeless mass impossible to identify as a whole. Only one part of it can be identified at a time, and the way in which it appeals to enlightened minds is different from the way in which it engages the minds of the masses. Instead of placing a high ideal before ordinary minds and trying to lead them up to that ideal, it condescended to recognize the low popular ideal and adapted its teaching u> that ideal. It is this accommodating character of H : nduiHiii that has made it powerless lor any purpose of social improvement . It lias also been powerless to produce anything likoa national sentiment, national self-respect, or patriotism.' This Brahmin m-wspaper feejs that their religion as it actually exist* is chaos worse confounded. Not as yet being ready to reject Brahm.forG»>d the Father Almighty, and Vishnu, for the only begotten Son of <»o {. Stv:i. for the Holy Ghost the Coinlurter, and the I'arunas for the blessed ireeepts and promts of the Ctwpcl ; the I imhtittu editor of the Hinduturns for heb> ti. Thi-*MM»phv, and " In simplifying the teaching md doctrines of tii?:iuism, in making it an intelligible and eaxily identifiable «•%*!« of spiritual and iti»*ml duster The««M»phi\ ai Society ha* beforv it a uti»*toii %viii»*U will secure it an ••nduritig and honourable record in history." The above blunv* that the Brahmin* fWd it iiixHttitl to iurhtcm the ship lest »he i>n> >I T VUK. t h-M Heeti.a; a ur^e part of the cargo of evil superstition must be thrown overboard and that; tb^re must be a purification of their religious morals, or the awakening conscience of the people will reject Hinduism on the ground of its immorality. They also see that their doctrines must be rationalised. Thus India is being brought to pay homage to those two great representatives of the Eternal Father—conscience, and reason. The great fabric of Hinduism totters. It is our prayer that that great stronghold of the evil one may soon fall into the dust. As the Rev. A. Devasagazan says, " The people are convinced of the truths they hear, but they lack decision to make a move." India needs above all things a baptism of the Iioly Ghost. There are thousands intellectually convinced ; they need fire from heaven to enable them to burst through all hedges of custom and tradition and come out clearly and fully for Christ. WE hotie our Government will do their best for the men now unemployed at Broken Hill. It may be contended that they do not deserve help, but we hope very few will be inclined to raise this heartless objection. They were no doubt misled, but many of them are intelligent, law-abiding, and skilled mechanics, and if they could be absorbed into our population would be a great accession to the colony. Out of the 3,000 odd now idle at Broken Hill the mines can take only some hundreds within the next few weeks. There are one thousand five hundred single men, most of whom might find three months, •work in the harvest fields of the North if they could get there. We think that the Government might very well allow free passes to men from Broken Hill who wish to seek harvest work in this colony. The cost of running an extra coach or two daily from Broken Hill to Petersburg would be a trifle. Then work might be found for many others, say in forming the permanent way foi a second line of rails from Adelaide to Gawler, or beyond. It would pay us very well to spend a good deal of money to secure the settlement amongst us of several J thousand families, who though mislead and mistaken have proved themselves patient, self-helpful, and lawabiding". One of the latest novelties id the composite photograph, and one of the latest examples of the same is a composite photograph of Mr. Gladstone's Cabinet, which appears in the Review of Revieivs. The result, is somevvliat disappointing ; the photograph presents the appearance of an elderly, mild-looking individual, who looks as if he were just recovering from a severe illness. The process followed was to divide the sixteen members of the Cabinet into four groups of four each. The groups were first combined, then the four resultant portraits were combined, and lastly Mr. Gladstone was photographed on top of the lot. There is a slight general resemblance to Mr. Gladstone in the upper part of the face, but otherwise the picture looks like no one in particular. We do not know what end is to be ser ved by this sort of thing, except to gratify a craving for something new. It can add nothing to our knowledge, and can promote 110 useful purpose. It cannot bn said that this composite picture represents the sum total of the chan-cti't- and force of the Gladstone Cabinet ; if it did, we should be sorry. It is quite likely that had the method of combination hem reversed quite a dilT-rent locking individual would have appeared. Anent baby-farming, we are informed that the State Children's Council undertakes the care of infants as part of its functions. It assumes the care of infants from their birth, provided ihe parents are ur.ahle to perforin their proper duties towards them. In every case the babies are placed in charge of duly licensed foster mother?, and ore Buljwt to regular inspection. The foster mothers receive 5s. |*?r week for each child under their care, and iu most cases the little onea thrive, thi-re being not more than the average number of death* amongst children eo boarded <>at. In case* in which tins father is known and able, he is required to contribute t'» the support of hi* child, otherwise the mother is repaired to pay something if *t»e i*able Th-' Conncil, however, dea's very leniently with !i»>il>«-r<, and the aiuonnt rrquirol fn-m th»»ni i«» in proportion to th>- wa^'-s th"y way lie able to earn. It is satisfactory t" know that a certain iiomWr of unwe.'coate children are cam! for in this war, an! the w»rk l*-t»g d<-nf by the S-at»* Children's Council cie->*TVt-» t<* be tif«e widely kiv>WB. There will always Iir a u«>».t> r "f o»v* which will n >t take adtantag* >>f a fuMtc iii«tituti«>» wbefr fail records are kept, and wip-r** NKist-j payments are drata»M : and to site the Ufe* tiutuWro of h»|4«*« infant* it is weewry that tLrr« «k>.«tU t* **tfM> bftitBti»n wbef* fattadlttt** would I* *.»krn wtthaat tjae*tion, »r ile«siid for pay urkt, Frt*ii 'Mr C,. «». (Jurr, es-llay©r of Unby, !> iv* i«t«tnl hia report of th** wurk dune iu that Municipality fur the year I89i. This is a very full at*] exhaustive document, dealing with ercty matter a hit li nu«"i r !>..;«• tr.urii'pn! r--•**»'. An interesting part of the report is a sketch of the history of the Municipality since it was proclaimed in 1871, twenty-one years ago. The first year of its history the rates were £489, last year they amounted to £4042. Unley covers 3,432 acres, has 2,459 buildings and a population of 12,295. There are comprised within its limits no fewer than 29 larger and smaller townships, which shows the folly of calling every little township by a separate name. Thery are in the Municipality 205 streets with a total length of 66 miles. The town is lighted by 75 lamps which cost for gas and lighting about £4 4s. per year. The mortality last year was 11'3 per thousand as against 24-5 for the city and 13'3 for the whole colony. Unley may therefore be regarded as tolerably salubrious. The total income for the year has been £15,294 which included a rearrangement of the loan account which now.stands at £7,700. The year closes with a balance in Bank of £343. "We congratulate Mi-. Gurr on the success of his year of office and the residents of Unley on their well-managed, pretty, and prosperous town. The Reunion Conferences at Grindlewald have now come to a conclusion. In some respects they have been most successful. The attendances have been large and representative ; many names distinguished in theology, literature, and philanthropy were amongst the visitors. The greatest possible good feeling characterised the discussions, and barring the unfortunate fire which destroyed a large part of the Oberland village, everything passed off smoothly and auspiciously. It was something quite new under the sun to find Anglicans and Nonconformists gravely and goodnaturedly diseasing the historic episcopate and the validity of non- Episcopal ordination. The Bishop of Worcester, who presided at the latest Conference, proceeding upon the basis of the Lambeth proposals, said that the Anglican Church was prepared to take in the Nonconformists if they would accept the historic episcopate, and that in the case of existing ministers re- ordination would not be insisted on. The Conference, however, broke up without having formulated any scheme, or drawing up any basis of Union. Indeed some of the visitors who went full of hope came away feeling more deeply the greatness of the obstacles to immediate reuuion. It would be wrong to say, however, that the Conferences have accomplished nothing. That such Conferences have been held, and that representative men have met to discuss the question, is something, and may be regarded as a sign of the times. 