? CHAPTBB, IV, {Cmtbwi.) Sad it not been for the honied beating of his heart, Che fiercealmost unbearable by these lingering moments of enforced waiting, be oonld almoBt Lave imagined that the events and revelations of the day had 'been a dream, and that he-was going forward with warmth in his heart anil hope in his soul to a marriage,that premised love, and honour. As if ^as, • no 4 clinging and persistent vision ofher or! any -other woman could blot oat the shameful fact that he was on his way to anything bnt a happy bridal scene; that instead of honour he should meet mortification, and in plaoeof love, defeat and possible regret. Mr. Gryce—who, in the wisdom of his old age, never chafed at what was tinavoidable—had nothing ito «ay during this time of inaction. Possibly ,he had taken the opportunity to study out some other case, possibly he thought silence more discreet than speech; at all events, he made no effort to break it, and the minutes went by, and the seemingly interminable half-hour came to an end without a word having been uttered between them; But with the first onward movement-of the Car both roused and Mr. Gryce spoke. : _ "Thirty-five minutes lost! That's bad! but if the fates are propitious we may succeed in our intentions yet. Come to the door and don't stop for any courtesies. Seconds are of importance now. And seconds were made use of. Old as Mr. Giyce was, he showed that when hurry was demanded not even his proverbial rheumatism stood in the way. As soon, as the cars stopped at One Hundred and Twenty-fifth Street, they were out of them, and sighting a train approaching them on the cable road, ran, caught it and were on their way across town before some of their fellow-passengers had reached the bottom of the elevated stairs. There was no delay this time; St. Nicholas Avenue was reached at a quarter to eight, and as they had but a few minutes', w^lk before them, they stepped out with a decision that was almost hopeful. Suddenly a carriage rolled by them. " Good God!" exclaimed Dr. Cameron, " a guest going to the wedding!" 'Another • carriage, and another ; and the street seemed alive with them. "Why didn't I think of this?" muttered the doctor, feeling the cold sweat breaking out over him. "Did you expect anything else?" asked the detective. " The parents, hoping for her return up to the last,; naturally could take no measures to warn their guests. Ton will even see ' an awning np, you may be sure." "'Tis horrible! "came from his companion, with bitter emphasis; and at the corner of St. Nicholas Place he almost stopped, as if he felt himself unable to proceed. But the detective's firm figure parsing hurriedly on, he recovered from his momentary weakness, and followed him. Meanwhile the stream of carriages kept on, and presently they could hear the slamming of doors as their occupants alighted. Something in the sound, in the general aspect of things, seemed to move the doctor strangely. " Hark 1" cried he, clutching at the detective's arm to stop him. " There is no confusion, no delay; the guests go in and are received. And look! lights— lights from basement to garret! What does it mean f Do those wretched people still hope that she will oome ? " For answer, Mr. Gryce drew him hurriedly on. "Don't stop for anything!" he cried. " Forget your wrongs, your fears, your hopes even. Be a machine; we have work to do." Then, with a sudden change of tone, " Yon must not be seen by these people, and you must see the hostess, and immediately. How are we going to do it ? Is there any basement door?" '"Yes, but the side-door is better. If we are met with causeless, remark, am expected at the side door." " Good! to the side-door, then." And, dashing through a crowd of small urchins that: but blocked the road, they made their way around the house to the entrance : mentioned, catching glimpses through the windows, as they did so, «f blazing .chandeliers and towering plants, and hearing with feelings that may well be imagined, the bewildering tones of an orchestra mingling with the hum of many voices. ' They opened the door. A festive scene burst upon them, but they paid it little heed; The tall figure of the family butler bowirig before them absorbed all their attention, for ho wore a look of expectancy and cheerful welcome that added to'the mystery of the moment, and made it difficult for the doctor to etammerout,— " Where is Mrs. Gretorex? I murt see her at once." The butler, surprised, stared at the doctor an instant and, seeing something in his face that he did not understand, faltered helplessly, and turned his eyes upon the detective. " Mrs. Gretorex," repeated Dr, Cameron. "I want to see her. Tell her, " "Wait!" whiBpered Mr. Gryoe, "I had better send her my name," and he <took a card out of his pocket. But the butler, more and more sur prised, shook his head, and, while he did not refuse to take the card, m&ftered;,— ; " :• ' -'Pardon, -Monsieur!—Madam Gretorex- make her toilet; but if Dr. Oameron will go to his room, I will tell her——" ' u " That will 4o," brokein the detective. " Take us upstairs at once," and, ignoring .with his - usual imperturbability the glances of astonished inquiry that followed his father burly figure clad in its common business coat, he pushed his wax to the stairway, without waiting to see if the doctor was behind Min. Monsieur; and Mrs. Gretorex asked me to say " "I cannot wait!" broke in the doctor, exasperated that' they should still attempt to keep him iniguorance of the real state of affairs. " I will go up, and you see . that Mrs. Gretorex comes to me Immediately," and he followed in the wake of the detective, conscious from the expression of the faces he passed that he wore anything but the aspect appropriate to bis supposed position of bridegroom. Mr. Gryce was waiting, in the hall above. " I have inquired for the room set apart for your use," whispered he, and they point out the one at the end of the hall. Isn't it a sham?" he added. And "what pluck on the part of the mother! I declare I had no idea she would carry it \as far as this; but I suppose she could not help_ herself. She kept hoping and hoping from minute to minute that her daughter would come, and has not yet found courage or opportunity, perhaps, ',to explain the situation and dismiss her ruests. If it were not for what we lave still to do" he added, as they stepped into the room whiohhad been pointed out to them, "I would wait to hear what excuses she would frame to meet the emergency; for you may be sure they would be entirely in .accor- dance with the demands of the oc oasion." - „ b " There is no exouBe possible. The wt truth will have to be told," declared the doctor. But Mr. Gryce Bhook his bead, and, i pointing to the clock, replied,— " There is yet on hour before us. If she will come at once, and go with us at once, Mr. Gretorex may safely bej left to announce to the throng that his I daughter has been suddenly taken so violently ill, that her marriage to-night is impossible. Not one in a dozen would believe him, but the talk that must follow will not hurt you; and tomorrow any turn can be given to the story which the facts will bear out." "Yes, yes," began the doctor, but he went no further, for at that moment there was a rustle heard on the threehold, and Mrs. Gretorex, magnificent in velvet and diamonds, slowly pushed open the door, and stood in a dignified attitude before them. Both gentleman started forward, and both gentlemen paused confused, for her air was one of courteous protest, and the glance she allowed to travel from one to the other had nothing but a haughty inquiry In it, which, to them, 1 ^ il" .11 (-luc mta till! lation that for the moment was almost disconcerting. Nor were her first words calculated to belter the impression she had made. "You have sent for me? " said she, with a glance at the doctor which completely ignored the detective. " May I ask what I can do for you?" Then, as the doctor hesitated in his agitation, she added politely, "It is eight o'clock, and my daughter is almost ready. I hope these few minutes of delay have not inconvenienced you ? " "Your daughter!" gasped Dr. Cameron. "She is here ?" while Mr. | Gryce, in nowise disturbed by the 1[ coldness with which his presence had been received, took up a Bilver paperweight from a table near by, and began to weigb it in his hand, while bis lips moved with what might be called the ghost-of a whistle. ' "My daughter iB here, of course, sir!" declared the mother in tones that were almost icy in their pride and indignation. "Where else should she be . on her wedding-night? " and she cast a furious glanoe at the detective, which that person was of course much too absorbed to meet. Here!" again repeated thephyeican, absolutely dumb-founded at her audacity. "I beg pardon, but I thought " Her smooth smile stopped him. " Shall I .inform my child that her is ready ?" she asked, a polite but doubtful glanoe at the overcoat he still wore. Dr. Cameron started, felt himself to grapple with the situation and glanced at Mr. Gryce, who softly — „ laid his paper-weight down and advanced, "Madam," said the latter, "excuse me, but moments are of inestimable value just now and I must go straight to facts. Your daughter But this woman was not one to brook interference. " I don't know you, sir." she affirmed, and turned again to the doctor, "When my daughter's toilet is quite complete you will receive a summons from her maid. Would you like any assistance yourself ? " This roused Dr. Cameron. Advancing, he took the lady's hand and re spectfolly bowed over it. "Mrs. Gretorex," said he, "you ignore the man you have employed, but youwill not ignore me. If your daughter is in this house she must have returned here in the last few minutes. In that case " But here he was again interrupted « You mistake. My daughter—con conclusions—has been it this house since noon. She came back with a cousin of hers from Montolair, just as we were beginning to feel anxious about her. Her present delay is owing to an entirely different source. Some trouble about her veil, I believe." For the second time the doctor showed intenBe astonishment. ; Mrs. Gretorex, do you speak the truth?" he asked; "Miss Gretorex here and since noon, when I myself saw her at theO—— Hotel an hour ago? You are deceiving me, and I as yourintended son-in-law mil not «ndure it. Though I pity your daughter from the bottom, of my ' heart,. I cannot many her, tfor her conduct has shown a duplicity to whioh this tardy return to fulfil her engagements only giveB an emphasis." Jtwas now Mrs. Oretorex's turn to look- dumbfounded. She gazed at the doctor as if to see , whether he, were in his proper senses -, then she stepped up to the detective.. "This is your work," Bhe cried. " You have gone beyond your orders. Did you not receive my telegram ?" " No, madam.'? "I sent you one as soon as my daughter oame back. ' Her explanations were ; -entirely satisfactory, and ther e is no reason why any of ns should think of the matter again. Yet you have talked in the veryjquarter, where I desired you to be silent, phd the consequence is, that my daughterV happiness is, threatened andjher character impeached. \- It is ian " Irreparable injury which I shall -never forgive." And, leaving Mr. Giyce to digest theso leasing words, she returned to Dr. Jamerop. .... "8ir," said Bhe, "I do.not know what excuse you can have for asserting that you have eeen my daughter within an hour., I only know, that,the fact is impossible, for Genevieve has not been out of the houBe once her return at the tune I mentioned, as a dozen witnesses at least can prove to you. *" Ab' to the duplicity of , which you complain, it amounts simply, to this, that die felt her health giving way under the constant strain of .our. numerous preparations, and in a sudden freak, which she now deplores as sincerely as myself, started' off for Moutclair without telling any one of her intention, thinking that the complete rest thus obtained would benefit her, as it has; for never has Bhe looked more blooming and more fitted to be your wife than at this very moment when you herniate to accept her." For answer, the doctor wdkedupto the detective. "Could we have been mistaken?" he aBked. "Was it indeed another y woman?" "I will tell you in two minutes," was the hasty anBwer; and quitting them with small ceremony, Mr. Gryce passed out of the room. The doctor made no effort to apologize or answer Mrs. Gretorex till he came back. His whole future deBtiny was trembling in the balance, and it waB as much as he could do to^ retain his composure. Happily the rime of waiting was short. Mr. Giyce rejoined them almost immediately, and bp wing low. to the lady of the house, said in Dr. Cameron's ear, "Another case of mistaken identity. Mrs. Gretorex is correct in all her assertions. You have made a fool of me and I show my margin by simply departing." The doctor attempted no reply. He was beBide himself with joy. What, the whole dreadful business of the last four hours a farce? His marriage assured, his bride untainted, no Molesworth in her past,, no possible jealousy in their future? He almost dropped Ion his knees to Mrs. Gretorex, in his. i contrition i attempted explanations and mused, thinking them too inadequate; aughed, asked questions about his jbriae's beauty and betrayedimpatience ito eee her; in short, acted like any man suddenly transported from unhappiness to rapture.. . The mother, understanding him better than he thought, perhaps, only smiled, and pointing to his blade necktie, asked if he had a white one in his pooket, u- — Sib face grew suddenly long/andhe ftushed.yrith intense mortifioagon.. v '., /have £ot come jquif#. win for?,so graiid * lew^nf^'WiibjL mered. 'ilf .the gofests «isdlli wait a little lpnger ,w)iilfi IrBend Ipr my coat \- *< They muBt," declared Mrs. Gretorex, celling a servant , at once aad giving lam one or two. orders. " It will not take, more than another half-how, and the band can keep them patient till then." ; "Tell them I was.detained by ah aiixndent on - the elevaitod road. Asl was," he merrily aid&d.; " Koep thegi in good-pature and - jpve me -a ^impse of njy bride." . ' ; " You inipatientlDver the relieved mother could sayj^fciit her look was. a jjropus^ ^^A^i a few minutes a trim, and' quick girl cape tripping to the door, and, smiling eoquettushly, showed him a room-at the other end of the hall, saying: I "BCbb Gretorex u all clrtBBea, «ui and will speak to you for a minute if ou desire it." : He did not linger an instant. Something,—was it love, or only that old >ride of his restored to its full life, >urned in his breaBt, and . made his Short walk down the hall a remembrance of delight to him? Her door ; ust ajar, was like a beaoon of hope, and when he saw it open wider and caught the one short glimpse she allowed him of her tall,and elegant : igure in its shimmering robes atad misty veil, he felt hU pulses beat as never before, and scarcely needed the charming smile she gave him to com- ; >lete a happiness which at that "moment rats supreme: • j "I have kept you waiting," she ;nuraure3 ; and te founi no answer : or looking at her eyes, that, seen thus hrough her veil, possessed a beauty knd a glow which made her absolutely jeautiful. " I am all ready now," she £ried, " but mamnift says that you axe :u»t" Nftugh^niau,H jto go litoeering lowntownto look af ter some patient tr other when you should have been ? hinkingouly of me."' - - - He laughed, feeling himself to be mother^Kung, and-her -another being W>m fheman u andwoman'ofa #eekago. Then he looked at her again, and itteredsome tender compliment which nade her blush deliciouslyj- and then n answer to a jrave, of her hand, that i^misa toi)»jy,|? Enough w<UJaoout » withdraw, when he ^ Bfiw ter eyea raddenly dilate and a look of fear cross ler faoe that he involuntarily turned rad glanced down the hall behind him for its cause. There was nothing there, absolutely nothing; only the figure of a hairdresser, or some such woman, who, in cloak and veil, stood with her little bag on her arm waiting to enter; and astonished at the ease with which his knind, lent itself to the most startling jconjectnres, he turned back to reassure Himself by another look .at his bride, when the 'door, which bad-been swung jopen between them, softly ' dosed; antL he found himself shut out from her presence, with a new memory and a new fear to make discord of the notes of the wedding Jmarch he was soon to hear. _ . CHAPTER. V. A STARTLING OTXKBtJPXKDT. The Gretorex mansion was eminently adapted for a large gathering. But since the introduction of the modern styles, it had intricacies;: and surprises innumerable; but it'had ateo many and various rooms ot spaoious proportions opening; into hallways so vide and upon staircases so Bmple, that ^ismfe number of guests reached the full thousand that had been invited, there srpnld have been sufficient accommodation for all. So numerous indeed were the rooms on the first floor, and so admirably were they -disposed, it. had. not been found necessary to ask theguests to ascend the stairs at all. Thus ft was that Dr. Cameron had met friends on the landings but none on the floor above, and thuB* it was that upon his return to the room which had beferi allotted to him, he could pace its length for twenty minutes witpiout an,interruption. And a friend's lace, a jovial word would liave been so welcome! For he did not want to think, and was impatient at the solitude which JorcefU him todo so. . When the <Ue hae yjmjii. 4jast, when our I future is decided upon, ^re wish to reach the eulmination without delay, and, Dr. Cameron, wearied, by-many and varied ' emotions, jOnly ' Iflngsd >oment, when amid music and bustle,- the flash of lights aud^the murmur of voices, he should his young bride into the presence that would irrevocably seal their fate. Tor £n these, long, and heavy minutes of .waiting he had something besides his thoughts to contend with! he had impressions, a consciousness almbst' amounting to an intuition, that sometfcing strange,' something Jdftrk;- something entirely out of hatmony with this scene of light and joy, was taking place near, him: —in his sight if he could but see, in his hearing if he could bat hear; at all events near him, 'awesomely near,- as near as that closed door towards which he cast hurried and shrinking glances every time a turn in his walk Drought him within snejiof it. That he had no reason, Ot ql the most the slightest reason^ tgf this sensation, did not make it any less vivid or powerful. Bight or wrong it had got a strong hold npon him and swayed him so completely that if the door I have spoken of . had opened at one of the momenta his eye was upon it Bnd revealed a grizzly skeleton standing on its threshold, he would not have felt the shock as much as he did the ringing hursts of melody that now and then soared up from the violins below. Yet in his heart he knew that he was hut the fool of his imagination, and that nothing more serious than the rearranging of a look of hair or the buttoning cm of a refractory prir of gloves by the commonplace hand of the woman he had Been enter there could be going on in this room his fancy peopled with shapes of fear and despair. For he was a man of common sense and knew the fashionable world well, and was moreover quite aware as a physician how far a man's imagination can cany him when his nerves have been, unstrung by a series of such potent sensations as had visited him in the last tour hours. Let that door once open and the bride set forth and all would be hope and cheer again. He knew it even while he was shuddering pverthe conviction that it had opened, iind that a hand had been thrust out in fi gesture of silent -appeal and as ^uiokly again withdrawn. ; The coming of the servant with the articles necessary to complete his toilet was like cold water dashed upon a man heated with fever. It righted him immediately. Ab he tied his necktie and fastened his gloves he felt himself to be no more a dreamer of nightmares, trat Dr. Cameron, known throughout he city for his practical common sense and sound judgment. He even laughed in hie old, easy fashion as be peered down the hall and saw the servant who had waited npon him walk up and knock with the utmost assurance on the door he bad been so long and fearfully watching. Nor did he feel himself to. have been any the less a fool When in a moment later he beheld it i>p6n and caught a glimpse of his bride's white veil, and sweeping train as she gave her answer to the man, and then iraited with the door half shut for the lummptas to descend. As he had promised himself it would be, all was cheer and hope' again; nor in the bustle of preparation that presently followed did he become consoious of a thought out of harmony with the ecene till, suddenly, as he was half way down the stairs, he felt his bride lean a little heavily on bis arm, and, turning to look at her, perceived, not a woman, not an automaton even, but a spectre, whose glassy eyes, fixed upon vacancy, froze the blood in his veinB. ...... What did it mean ? Was she mad, or was -she He did not stop to finish his thought; be clutched her by the arm and gently but firmly spoke her niame. A shiver seemed to go through her, then she turned her head and slowly, painfully, under his gape/ her lips took on the semblance of a smile so forced, so meaningless, that he stopped her where she was, and pointing to the surging sea of faces below, exclaimed: \- ''They axe waiting for us; the miniBter haB vhis book open, and your parents are already standing on each side of him; but if you do not wish to many me, if there is any impediment in the way, or if you feel I cannot ba to yon the husband you desire, say so and we will turnback. No momen|fa too late before the minister has attend thefirial words" But her eyes, which had opened fear. fully Jas he began ito speak, closed, softly as she finished, and murmuring coldly, "Let us procead," ehe stepped iloVn another stair. He followed her and spoke again. "I cannot go on, Genevieve," he persisted, " till you assure me of one thing. Is your heart mine? Stands there no other man between na whoBe memory makes this moment frightful to you? If there is " "There is not," come from her lips, now showing leas pallid under this questioning. " I am ill, fearfully ill; that is -alL (To te coniintud.) . « Dottestio" Paper P*tterni are coming into aniraaal *•» now, and the proprietor* of Stationers* Hall have secured the sole agency for Pammatt* aatt diitaSet. 