CHAPTER II. A RACE FOR FREEDOM. ' That's a soldier and a gentleman, Cousin Caro,' Evan said, as they spun along. ' Good taste, too ; hasn't he? 'Pon my word ! he seemed hard hit ; and in the dark, too !' And the light-hearted fellow laughed, as though war were not and enemies were read of only in the fairy-tales. ' Don't be a goose. Evan !' Miss Clay re- torted, half amused in spite of her anxiety, ' And don't make such a noise. What a boy you are ! Do you know,' she added, seri- ously, ' I am really worried about this news ? If General Jeb had only been in camp ! Oh, Evan, should I miss that boat to-night Fairfax may die before I can get over and back ! And poor mother ! You know how worn and nervous she is with nursing and anxiety. Should she chance to hear of Yankees on the road, her fears would conjure up capture, prison,—worse,—for me !' ' Why, coz, what's the use of borrowing trouble ? See that fork away to the left ? That is but three miles to ' the Ferry ;' and the horses are as fresh as ——' ' What is that glow over by the river,—to the right ? No, there !' Miss Clay broke in, pointing impatiently. A faint, pinkish haze showed dimly through the whirling snow-flakes,—a steamy glow, rather than a light. The scout gazed steadily in the direction awhile, then ans- wered, placidly,— ' Northern lights, may be ; but I'm no dab at astronomy. Seems pretty low, though. Perhaps there's brush afire in that bottom.' ' It is a fire, the girl replied ' ' See ! it expands and falls. Evan, can it be a camp fire ?' ' Not much !' he answered, lightly. ' We're way beyond our lines ; and surely no Yanks could camp so near them without our scouts' knowledge. By Jove, Cousin Caro, I really believe the Legion man has made you nervous !' ' Caution and nervousness are not akin, as an older soldier would know," Miss Clay retorted, rather coldly. ' I have too much at stake to risk any danger I can avoid. Oh, Evan, I must get to Baltimore to-morrow !' ' And so you shall, you dear, brave girl !' the boy answered, confidently. ' See that open, hill-top just beyond ? From that we strike the last fork of this trail,—good road and a short mile down-hill to ' the Ferry.' It can't be much past midnight ; and old Pete has orders to wait till the very last minute he dares, before dawn. Brace up, coz ! you've been over this same trail three times——' ' And never felt a shadow of doubt before,' she interrupted, adding, with a sigh that would come, ' It is because I have so much more at stake than ever before. But it is nearly over, thank God !' The steaming horses breasted the hill bravely and reached the open crest. An easy slope led away into a broad, white road, now well carpeted with winter's wool. Just at its foot, a narrow belt of trees stretched away to the left, leaving the black river plainly visible from the bold bluffs to the right, and through those trees out a narrow road, dark and dismal through the broader gleam of the snow-haze, now scarce lees light than day. ' There ! Ellis's Fork,—just one mile to the landing !' cried the scout, as they raced at speed down the sandy slope and nearly up to the bisecting trail, the hoof-beats ringing no longer, but thudding dull on the dampened sand. Suddenly with one impulse both riders wrenched their horses' mouths so fiercely as to bring them almost to their haunches. Then both sat like statues, their necks strained forward, ears bent eagerly towards the woods road, just ahead. In the dead stillness, the deep breathing of the steaming horses was the only sound, save, to them, the quick beating of their own hearts. So, for seconds that seemed ages. Then the scout whispered low, as though in answer to a question,— ' Yes ; hoofs !' ' S sh ! clank of sabres ! Quick ! into the trees ! Quick ! Go softly.' Both horses were turned simultaneously into the screen of trees, well back from the gleam of the open road ; and Evan Fauntle- roy, placing himself between the girl and the approaching sounds, leaned from his saddle, straightened her bridle, felt the roan's bit, and gently stroked his great neck. Then he rose in his stirrups, stretching the cold-cramp out of his legs, braced himself afresh in the saddle, and tested the chamber of the big revolver drawn from his holster. The tramp of hoofs was now plainly heard, cut by the clank of sabres,—perhaps five or six,—perhaps a score. ' Cavalry !' the scout whispered to the girl ' Probably our scouts ; possibly——' He hesitated only a second ; but she calm- ly finished for him : ' Averill's. If so, which way ?' ' If they're Yanks, they are feeling for our pickets,' Evan whispered back. ' They'll go east, over the road we came. We can cut through the woods road and dodge them in the bottom——' ' No ! If they pass us,' straight for ' the Ferry' !' The girl's whisper was calm, but its clear, bell-like ring carried command not to be gain-said. ' ' The Ferry,' then,—if they pass us,' the man replied, adding, quietly, ' Put up that thing.' He noted the motion of her hand, testing the chamber of a pistol ; and by the gleam of white skin he dimly saw, too, that she had drawn the gauntlet from her pistol- hand. ' Put that up, I say. If they be Yanks, this is a case of run, not fight. Listen ; for time is short !' The hoofs were plainly heard now,—a dozen horses trotting slowly towards then, a dozen sabres jingling merrily against their flanks. ' Listen, and remember. If they see us, cut straight through these woods for the trail they're on now. Follow it straight south, till you strike a rock fence ; jump that, and you're in an old field, where Blazar can distance any cavalry horse any Yank owns. If I lose you in the dark woods, ride to the nigger's hut across the field and turn Blazer loose. Tell Isham, the old nigger, Marse Evan said to hide you all day and he sure to get you to ' the Ferry' at night. You under- stand ?' ' I do,—perfectly,' the girl replied, still quietly. ' You mean to fight them off while I run.' All this was quickly spoken, in whispers, but clearly distinct on either side. The ap- proaching horse had turned into the sandy road, trotting east towards them, not one hundred yards away. For an instant Evan was silent. He had combated Carolyn Clay's will before, and knew its strength. Then he whispered,— ' They're on us ! Promise me, Caro ! Remember your mother ! Remember Fair- fax ! It is the only chance. Promise !' There was a choke in the whisper that came back to him : ' I promise !' The stillness of death hung over that little belt of woods. Side by side the Southern soldier and the Southern girl sat like statues, each with eye and ear alert and with firm hand upon the rein. Like statues the horses stood, their sides scarce heaving now, but with forward-pricked ears, as cogni- sant of some danger that might come. And in that stillness the rustle of snow-flake upon crisp leaf was sharp and clear. Roof-muffled by damp sand of the little ascent, the stranger horsemen trotted nearer still. Ghost-like and silent they moved into view, a solitary rider in advance, the moony vapor rolling round him,— Who seemed the phantom of a giant in it. On the troopers moved,—two,—two more, —two again,—until the practised eye of the scout counted twelve ; taking in, through night and mist, the outline of the cape the differing seat, the precise gait, of Federal cavalry. If Evan Fauntleroy knew what fear meant, he certainly had never obeyed the divine in- junction sufficiently to know himself in that respect. In the front of the charge, in long and lonely scout, in still more trying test of lying inactive for hours under heavy fire, the boy had even been utterly oblivious of danger,—had ever carried a jest upon his lips. But now beads stood upon his brow, spite of the piercing cold, and he could hear his heart thumping audibly, close under his chin. For never had greater responsibility than his own life—not counted by him—or a missing report, because of a bullet, faced him. Now, a woman's safety and freedom —perhaps her life, for he knew his cousin would fight, or fly, but never yield—were dependent upon his tact and coolness. Slowly—taking ages, it seemed to the aching brain of the Confederate—the officer trotted by ; slowly one pair of riders,— another,—another,—until his nervous ten- sion could scarce refrain from giving one red-hot ' Rebel yell' and dashing out upon them. Then the seeming endless agony was over ; the last riders had passed, disappeared, and were ascending the hill beyond the hidden watchers ; and not a suspicion had that os- trich of a scout-commander that his prey had been so near and—missed ! Then the Southern woman—like all her sisters, forgetful of danger, of self, of all save her love's labor—whispered,— ' Thank God ! we can make ' the Ferry ' now.' And in answer, clear and shrill and loud from the road beyond echoed the neigh of a horse ; and ere Evan's quick hand could clinch his reared muzzle the roan had ans- wered full and strong. No time to lose now ! One chance, and only one ! ' Quick ! the woods road ! Remember : south,—the stone fence,—old Isham ! Quick ! for yourself ! —for little Fairfax !' And in echo came from the road,— ' Halt ! Right about ! Forward :—Trot ! March !' Instantly the girl wheeled her horse, trot- ting rapidly between trees for the narrow road—the reversed scouting-party moving feet towards them, guided by the neigh. Once she turned, crying,— ' Come ! Evan, you promised !' And the boy answered, cheerily,— ' Go on ! Faster—for Fairfax's sake ! I' coming,'—adding through his clenched teeth, ' when I've held them back long' enough to save you !' The thunder of close hoofs was opposite the scout ; the Federals, now at a charge, strung out as skirmishers along the road, to hem in their unseen foe. Without even a glance he knew that their carbines were un- slung, and the least sound would bring a volley to drop him out of saddle. From the vantage darkness of his covert, he saw the first four dash by, straight for the little trail, for which the girl was making, too. Then came the officer, in full career ; and Evan, quickly wheeling his horse, turned in the saddle and fired at the flying shadows without,—once, twice,—as they came into view. Then came a halt, a rush of quick changed hoofs, and the crisp twigs of the trees about him hurtled around his ears, as six carbines simultaneously spoke that their covey was flushed. Through the snow- dimmed woods he saw them crash, he sit- ting motionless, half turned in saddle, his left hand firmly feeling the bit. His ruse had told. He had drawn off pursuit from the girl ; and even then his trained ear caught the beat of Blazer's hoofs upon the hard road behind. She had gained the trail and a quarter-mile start ! Now for himself ; for the foremost Federal was with- in twenty yards of his still unseen foe. A flash of the heavy pistol, a sound be- twixt a groan and a roar, and the Yankee's horse plunged forward to his knees, rolling his rider in the snow. A touch of the spur, a shake of the bit, and Evan's black—well trained to that kind of work—was dashing southward at half-speed, skimming tree trunks desperately close, but choosing safest way wholly unguided, while urged ever by spur and voice. On came the pursuers, strung out through the dim woods, handicapped by heavier mounts and ignorance of the way, yet gallantly pressing after the flying enemy,— not knowing if he were one or a dozen. Now and again the carbines rang, more than one chip of bark flying near the scout's head, and one bullet whistling close by his ear. But it was racing aim, and the wood was darker than without : so Evan stuck to the shelter as long as he might, before striking out into the woods trail. He was gaining on the Federals, too ; and fainter beat of hoofs in front, and fainter still, told him that Carolyn Clay was past pursuit,— was safe at last! Into the road he dashed ; into the road soon strung the pursuit; and with a yell and touch of both spurs the scout gave the black his head and raced for freedom. Then, straight ahead rang out a distant shot,—a pistol, his trained ear told Evan ; and his heart grew as lead, for he knew the Federal had used the carbine. The girl had met some check,—was fighting her way through ! Clinching his teeth and bending far over the neck of his foaming steed, Fauntleroy drove both spurs cruelly home, racing ahead heedless of bullets whistling by, every fibre of his brain strained to listen. No more shots,—no sound of hoofs ; only death's stillness ahead. But from behind the thud of hoofs drew nearer, spite of his increased speed,—nearer still ! Then, wrenching him- self round, the flying Rebel saw a single horseman, far in lead, charging down on him ; and the great stride of the horse warned him that his own underfed beast must lose in that overmatch. More carefully than before, he braced himself by his knees, taking steady aim at the on-rushing shadow behind,—just as a red flash gleamed out from it. His turning had saved the scout, for he felt the wind of the bullet whizzing by ; but he heard, too, that rasping, indescribable sound of lead crashing into flesh! One lurch, and the black was on his knees, rolling over so quickly as to pin his rider's leg beneath him. On sped the pursuer, followed close by others ; and the Rebel with teeth set from pain and rage—rested his pistol on his bridle arm and waited to make his last shot sure-telling. ' Cease firing !' rang out in clear com- mand ; and the trained troopers fell into twos, as they rode up behind their officer. Covered by Evan's pistol, the latter rode on alone to certain death, his own revolver silent in his hand. For, with the brutal fire of battle hot in his blood, the scout steadied his aim, and pressed his finger slowly on the trigger,—when suddenly he grew dizzy from pain, and fell back help- less. The next instant the pursuit was on him and he was covered by the officer's pistol. ' Dismount and secure him, sergeant,' the Federal ordered, quietly.—' Do you sur- render ?' ' I can do nothing else,' Evan answered, sullenly, quickly adding, in his own vein, ' And if you want a live capture, let some of your blue-coated gentlemen lift this good friend of mine off my leg.' The sergeant and another were already beside him, the former deftly wrenching the pistol from his grasp. Brief time it took to raise the quivering horse from his rider's leg and lift the boy, pale with pain, to his feet. ' Easy, boys ! Wait a bit ! I think that left leg's gone !' he said, with a catch in his breath. ' U-ugh ! Ah-h! That's better, Mister Tank.' And he put his foot ginger- ly on the ground, tried to rest upon it, then leaned heavily on the stalwart sergeant. ' Who are you ?' the officer asked. ' A Confederate soldier,' Evan replied. ' Scouting ?' ' No ; on leave,' the other answered, quickly, his shrewdness returning as pain decreased. ' What command ?' ' Private, B Troop, —th Virginia Cavalry,' was the answer. ' I was riding to a farm below, with a lady,—had no notion any Yanks were across the river.' ' You fired on us,' the officer said, sternly. ' But I didn't—hit you !' the boy retorted, with a grin half of pain and half of fun, trying to gain time for Carolyn Clay and listening eagerly for any sound southward. ' Dismounted Corporal Riley, sir,' the sergeant reported to his officer, hand to cap ' That's even, major,' Evan retorted, quickly. ' You dismounted me. May I ask one favor, sir ? My horse and I are old com- rades,' he added, with a little tremor in the voice. ' Will you let the sergeant put him out of pain ?—No ! not that !' He quickly threw up the carbine the sergeant levelled at signal from the major. ' There's one ball left in my pistol ; and I think poor old Jeb would rather go that way.' The stout-hearted scout turned his face aside, and the rough sleeve passed swiftly across his eyelids, as the Federal trooper sent the last Confederate bullet into the black's brain. ' Are you badly hurt ?' the officer asked. ' Past walking,' Evan replied, with quick- repressed grant of pain, as he again tried to bear weight on his left foot. ' No bones broken, I guess ; but a pretty bad wrench.' ' Take him behind you, Dowd,' the major ordered. ' We're waiting time.' And two stout pairs of arms raised the captive, not ungently, and placed him on the crup of the Irishman's horse. ' Sergeant, send him back to head-quar- ters. Detail Riley to guard him,' the major ordered, wheeling his horse. ' An infantry support, Paddy,' whispered Evan, as he gripped the Irishman's waist. ' Hark ! what's that ?' mattered the Feder- al officer, suddenly checking his horse and turning in saddle to listen.—' Platoon !—By right and left—as skirmishers—March !' An instant more, the road was clear, the skirting woods on either hand concealing the little force, and each man's carbine at a ' ready.' For now, from southward, plainly sounded hoofs, at rapid trot, and soon the jingle of accoutrements told of cavalry advancing. In rear of the last trooper, Evan listened with bated breath. TO BE CONTINUED. 