A DAUGHTER OF LILITH. The Strange Story of a Han's Low \- for an Immortal. I had left Paris on the evening of the previous day and passed a long and silent night in a corner of the railway carriage. For six mortal hours I had waited at a small station, and not until the afternoon did I succeed in finding a peasant's cart to take me to Artigues. The plain, the undulations of which rose and fell on each side of the road, and which, when I had seen it before, was smiling at the great sun, was now covered by a thick veil cf snow, over which writhed the black, twisted trunks of the vines. My guide pushed his old horse along Blowly ; we drove on, enveloped in a deep silence which was broken at intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. Sad unto death, I murmured in my heart this prayer : " My God —God of mercy—preserve me from despair and let me net commit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst not pardon! " j Then I saw the sun, red and rayless, descending ? like a bleeding ho6t on the horizon, and, re- | calling the divine sacrifice of Calvary, I felt hope enter my soul. The wheels continued to grate through the snow for sometime. At last, the driver pointed out to me with his whip the steeple of Artigues, which stood out like a shadow in the.reddish mist. " Eh !" said the man to me, " you get off at the pareonage ? You know the cure ?" " I have known him since my childhood. He was my master when I was at school." " He is learned in books ?" "M. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout." "They say so. They say other things, also." " What do they say ?" " They say what they like, and 1 let them talk." " Well, what elso ? " " Well, there are some who believe that the cure is a sorcerer, and that he casts spells." " What nonsense ! " I say nothing, 6Îr, myself ; but if M. Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts cpells, why does he read in books, then ? " The oart stopped in front of the parsonage, i 1 left this simpleton and followed the cure's servant, who conducted ms to her master in the dining-room, where the table was already set. I found M. Safrac Tery much changed in the three years since I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, his thinness had become excessive, his piercing eyes shone out from hiB emaciated face, and his nose, which seemed larger, reached to hiB drawn month. " My father, my father !" I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arms ; "I come to you becauBe I have sinned. Oh, yon, whose deep and mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized my soul by showing me your paternal heart, draw your child from the brink of the precipice ! Oh, my only friend, save me, enlighten me !" He embraced me, smiled at me with that exquisite kindness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, stepping back a little, so as to see me better, said : "With God's help," saluting me after the fashion of his country. After years of distinction as professor of philosophy at Bordeaux, at Poictiers, and at Paris, he had asked, as an only favor, for a poor living in ihe country where he had been born and where he wished to die. Cure of Artigues for the last six years, he s practiced in, this obscure village the most humble piety and the most exalted science. ** With God's help, my child," he repeated. Your letter, announcing your arrival, moved i me de: ply. It is true, then, that you have not forgotten your old master?'' I started to throw myself at his feet, still stammering : " Save m<?, save me ! " but he stopped me with a gesture at once gentle and imperious. " Jean," he said," "you can tell me tomorrow what you have to say. Now warm yourself. Then we shall eat, for you must be very hungry." The Bervant placed on the table the souptuideen, from which rose a column of fragrant steam. Slie was an old woman, whose hair was hidden under a black silk handkerchief and on whose wrinkled face were miii»l« d the beauty of the peasant type and the ugliuess of decrepitude. 1 was greatlj agitated ; still, the peace of the holy dwelling, the cheerfulness of the : wood tire, of the white table cloth, of the decanted wine, and of the steaming dishes, gra- : dually took possession of me, and presently I almost forgot that I had come to the home of ; this priest to change the aridity of my remorse I for the fertile déw of repentance. " Jean," said M Safrac, 44 you were my best pupil. Your prompt.intelligence always tra- : veiled beyond the thought of the master. That : is why I became attached to you at once. I love boldness in a Christian. Faith must not be timid when impiety shows such indomitable \- audacity. The church to-day lias but lambs j she needs lions. . Who will replace with us the fathers and the sages whose glance embraced all the sciences? Truth is like the sun, it needs the eye of the eagle to contemplate it." "Ah, M. Safrac, you brought to bear on every question that eye which nothing dazzles. I remember how your opinions sometimes startled even those of your colleagues whom the sanctity of your life filled with admiration. You did not dread novelties. That was how, for instance, you were inclined to admit the plurality of inhabited worlds." What will the timid ones say when they read my book ?" he exclaimed, with brightening eyes ; " I bave meditated, I have worked. You know that I am acquainted with Hebrew, Arabian, Persian, and several of the Indian languages, You know that I brought with me here a library, rich in ancient manuscripts. I have dipped deep into knowledge of languages and the traditions of the pfimitive Orient. I have just finished my book on the ' Origins,' which restores and sustains that sacred interpretation of the Scriptures in the imminent ruin of which impious science believes already. God, in His infinite mercy, has willed that science and faith be reconciled. To produce this reconciliation, 1 Etart from this idea : The Bible, inspired by the Holy Ghost, tells nothing but what is true, but does not telT all that is true. And how could it tell it, fcince it proposes, for its only object, to inform us of that which is necessary to Our eternal salvation ? Beyond this grand design, there exists nothing for it. Its plan is aB simple as it is immense. It embraces the fall and the redemption. It is the divine history of man. It is complete and limited. Nothing is admitted to it simply to satisfy profane curiosity. Now impious science cannot triumph for long ovei the silence of God. It is time to say : * No ; the Bible has not lied, because it has not revealed all.' Such is the truth which I proclaim. Making use of geology, pre-historic archaeology, oriental cosmogony, Hittite monuments, Chaldean and Babylonian traditions, and ancient legends preserved in the Talmud, I have affirmed the existence of preadamitcs, of whom the inspired author of Genesis does not speak, simplyjpr the reason that their existence would not affect the eternal salvation of the children ot Adam. Better still, a minute examination of the first chapters of Genesis has proved to ms the existence of two successive creations, separated by great ages and of which the second is, go to speak, but the adaptation of a portion of the earth to the needs of Adam and his pos- -terity." He stopped for a moment, and then, in a low .voice, he resumed, with a truly religious gravity: "I, Martial Safrac — an unworthy priest, doctor of theology, subject, as an obedient child, to the authority of our Holy 'Mother, the Church—I affirm, with an absolute certainity—subject, always, to the authority of onr Holy Father, the Pope, and the councils— that* Adam, created in the image of God, had two wives, of whom Ere wairthe second." • These singular words drew my thoughts somewhat from myself, and I Was strangly interested |a {tan. I was, therefore, somewhat dis- p l i g t l b m a t t e c e y b t f f o w d p m n h i f o t e o h t n a b h i h o f i n s h w a t m s i a d b m b S s o g r t s s i s c l s b s F d s b h r c s p m i a p S appointed when M. Safrac, dropping his elbows on the table, said to me : " Enough of this topic. Souie day, perhaps, you will read in- book, which will instruct you on the subject. It wae necessary, as 1 was in strict duty bound, to submit this work to monseigneur and to solicit the approbation of his grace. The manuscript is now at the archbishop's, and I expect every momenta decision, which I have every reason to believe will prove favorable. " Then the conversation becomming more familiar, turned on our mutual recollections. "Yes, my child," said M. Safrac to me, " you were the pupil of my cnoice. God permits preferences when they are founded on an equitable judgment. Now, I judged at once that there was in you the making of a man ami a Christian. Not that I did not notice great imperfections in you. You were unequal, uncertain, easily disturbed. Passions, still secret smoldered in your soul. I loved you for your great restlessness, as I loved another of iny pupils for different qualities. I cherished Paul d'Ervy for the resolute firmness of his mind and heart." At this naine I turned red and then pale. I could hardly restrain a cry, and, when I tried to answer, it was impossible lor me to speak. M. Safrac did not seem to notice my agita tion. "If my memory is good he was your closest, comrade," he added ; " you have remained very intimate with him, have you not? I know that he entered the diplomatic service, and that he has a great future before him. You have in liim a faithful and devoted friend. " My father." I answered, with an eff >rt, '' I will talk to you to-morrow of Paul d'Ervy and of another person." M. Safrao pressed my hand. We separated, and I went to the room which he Isad caused to be prepared for. me. In my bed, perfumed with lavender, I dreamed that I was a child again, and that, kneeling in the college chapel. 1 was admiring the white and shining women with whom the seats were filled, when suddenly a voice, coming from a cloud, spoke ahove my head and said : " Jean, thou believest that thou dost love them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in them. " When I awoke in the morning I found M. Safrac standing at the head of my bed. u Jean," he said to me, "comu and hear the mass which I am going to celcbrate for your sake. After the holy office. I will be ready to hear what yon have to tell me." The church of Artigues is a little sanctuary in that Roman style which still flourished in Aquitaine in the twelfth century. Restored about twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included in the primitive plan. Being poor, it still preserved, at least its pure bareness. I joined, as well as my state ot uii;:d would permit, in the prayers of the priest, aud then returned with him to the parsonage. There we breakfasted on a little bread aud milk and then entered M. Safrac'e room. Drawing chairs tip to the fire place, above which a crucifix was suspended, he invited ine to sit down, and, having seated himself near me, signed me to begin. Outside the snow was falling. ' My father," I commenced, " it is t„n years since I left your care to enter the world. I have preserved my faith, but, alas ! not my purity. I need not retrace to you tny career ; you know it—you, my spiritual guide, the sole director of my conscience. . Besides, I am in haste to reach the event which has upset my life. Last year, my family decided that I marry, and I assented willingly. Tiie young girl destined for me presented all the advantages which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me—so much so that, of making a ' marriage of convenience,' I was about to make a marriage of inclination We became engaged. The h&ppinc-ss; and re of life seemed assured, when I received a from Paul d'Ervy, announcing his aitival Paris from Constantinople and expres-ing a desire tfi see me.- I hastened to him and him of my coming marriage. He congratulated me cordially. I said that I counted on his my best man, and he accepted willingly ; marriage was fixed for the fifteenth of May, he did not have to retnrn to his post until first days in June. Then the conversation to other topics. " ' I am doing very well,' I said, ' and you Î ' "'Oh, I!' he answered, with a smile which at once joy and sadness ; ' I what a ! I am mad—a woman—Jean, I am very happy or very unhappy. Wliat can call a happiness which has been purchased a bad action ? I have grieved, I have berayed, an excellent friend. I have carried off Constantinople, the ' " 'My son," M. Safrac interrupted, "omit rom your story the faults of others and name no ne." I promised to obey, and continued as follows: Paul had hardly finished speaking when a entered the room. It was she eviently. She seemed quite at ease. I will exress to you in a single word the impression she ade on me. She did not seem to me to be atural. 1 feel how obscure this term is and ow badly it explains my idea ; biitj perhaps, t will become more intelligible to you as you ollow my story. In truth, in the expression f her golden eyes, which seemed - to emit, at showers of sparks ; in the curve of her mouth, in the tissue of her flesh, at dark and luminous ; in the play of the aud yet harmonious lines of her body ; in airy lightness ot her step ; even in her arms, to which invisible wings seemed ttached ; finally, in her whole ardent and fiuid I felt, something strangely foreign to nature—something, I know not what, and superior to woman such aB God made her to be our companion on this earth f exile. From the moment that I saw her, a eeling arose in my soul and completely filled I felt an infinite disgust for all which was ot this woman. "When he saw her enter, Paul frowned lightly ; but changing his mind immediately, e tried to smile. " 'Leila, let me present my best friend.' " I know M. Jean,' Leila answered.' " These words must have seemed strange for had certainly never met before. But the ccent was stranger still ; if the crystal could hink, it would speak so. "My friend Jean,' added Paul,'is to be arried in six weeks.' " At this moment Leila looked at me, and I aw plainly that her golden eyes said 4 No.' " I left greatly agitated, my friend not showng the least desire to retain me. I wandered bout the streets all day, my heart empty and esolate ; then, finding myself, in the evening efore a florist's shop on the Boulevard, I reembered my financée and entered to get a ranch of white lilac for her. Hardly was the ower between my fingers when a little hand natched it from me, and I saw Leila running ff, laughing. She had on a sliorÇgray dress, a ray coat, and a little round hat. This Parisian acing^costume was etrangley inharmonious with he fairy-like beauty of this creature and eemed on her like a sort of disguise. Still as I aw her thus, I felt that I loved her with an nextinguishable love. I tried to catch her but he escaped me in the crowd of people and arriages. " From that moment I 'felt as if I no longer ived. I went several times to Paul's without eeing Leila again. He received me pleasantly ut did not speak of her. We had nothing to ay to one another, and I left him sadly. inally, one day, the valet said to me : 1 M. 'Ervy is out ; ' and added, ' would you like to ee madame?' I answered., ' Yes.' ... " Oh, my father ! this word—what tears of lood can never expiate it ? I entered'; I found er in the saloon, half lying on a divan, in a obe of golden yellow, under which she had urled her little feet. I saw her—but, no—I aw no tnore. * My throat was suddenly arched. I could not speak. An odor of yrrh and aromafcics which came from her, ntoxicated me with langour and desire, as if ll the perfumes of the mystic Orient had enetrated, at one? my quivering nostrils. orely she waa no natural woaaan, for nothing c d h l s s h o l B i I i w c ( g m f p m a w w h t human appeared in her. Her fact, .^pressed no sentiment good or bad, excepting that of a voluptuousness at once sensual at:d ceitstial. Duubtjless she noticed my agitation, for presently she spoke to mc, in a voice as pure as the song of the brooks in the woods : '* ' What is the matter with you ? " " ' I love you madly,' I cried through my tears, as I threw uyself at her feet. "Then sh'i opened her anna and cast on me a glance from her clear and passionate eyes. ' Why did you not say so aooner ? ' she said. "Hour without a name? It seemed to me that both of us, carried away to heaven, tilled it completely. I felt myself becoming the equal of God, aud " At these words M. Safrac, who had listened to me for some time with visible impatience, rose and stood against the chimney, holding his cassock up to his knees to warm his legs. " You are a miserable blasphemer,*' he said, with a severity which was almost contempt, "and, far from detesting you crimes, you confess them only from pride aud delecsation. I will listen to you no longer." I burst into tears aud begged his forgiveness. Seeing that my humility was sincere, he allowed me to continue iny confession, on Condition that I should not spare myself. " My father," Ï continued, " I ieft Leila, torn by remorse ; but the next day she came to s-e me, and then commenced a life which harassed me with tortures and delights. I was jealous of Paul, whom I had wronged, aud i suffered cruelly. I do not believe there is a more debasing disease than jealousy, nor one which fills the soul with more odious images. Leila did not even.deign to lie to help me ; in fact, her conduct was inconceivable. I do not forget to whom I am speaking, aud I shall be careful not to offend the ears of the most venerable of priests. I will only say that Leila did not'swm to participate in the love which she allowed me to enjoy ; but she had inst iiled into my whole being the poison of passion. Leila was absolutely without that which we call moral sense. You must not believe, for all that, that she showed herself wicked or cruel ; she «as, on the contrary, gentle and full of pity. Neither did she lack intelligence, but her intelligence was not of the same nature as ours. SMC spoke little, refusing to answer all questions concerning her past. She knew nothing of those things which we usually know, but. on the other hand, knew much of things of which we are ignorant. Brought up iu the Orient, she knew all sorls of Persian and Hindoo legends, which she related in a innii"- tonous chant, with au infinite grace. To hear her tell of the charming dawn of the world, OIR would have said that she was contemporary with the youth of the universe. One day 1 made the remark to her. She answered, smiling : * I am old, it is true.'" M. Safrac, still standing before the fire, had been bending down toward me for some time, in an attitude of the liveliest attention. " Continue," lie said. " Several times, my father. I questioned Leila in regard to her religion. She answered that she had none that, she did not need any ; that her mother and her sisters were the daughters of God, and that, nevertheless, they were not bound to Him by any creed. She wore, suspended round her neck, a medallion, filled with a little red earth, which she said she had piously gathered out of love for her mother. " Hardly had ! pronounced these woids, when M. Safrac, pale and trembling, bounded forward aud pressed me in his arm*». "She spoke the truth " hecripd ; "I know now .who this coeatnre was. Jean,- your ins'inct did not deceive you. It was not a woman. Finish—finish, I beg of you !" "My father, I have almost finished. Through love of Leila, I had broken off my solemn engagement. 1 had betrayed my best friend, I had offended God. Paul, baring learned of Leila's infidelity, went wild with grief. He threatened to kill her, bul she answered him gently : " Try it, my friend ; I would like to die. but 1 can not.' " For six months she was mine. Then, />ne morning. Ae announced that she was going back to Persia and that she would see me no more. I wept, 1 moaned, I declared that she never loved me. " ' No, no, my friend," she replied, geutly ; 4 but how many, women, who have not loved you any more than I, have not given you that which you have received from me? You, at least, owe me some gratitude. Adieu !' "I remained two days in anger and despair. Then, mindful of the salvation <•€ my soul, I hastened to you, my father. 1 am here ; purify, elevate, fortify my heart! -for 1 Tove lier still ! " M. Safrac remained thoughtful, his hand pressed against his forehead. "My son," he said, at last, " this confirms my great discoveries ; this will confound the pride of the modern sceptics. Listen to me : We live to-day iti a time of miracles, as did the firstborn men. Listen, listen ! Adam had, as I told you, a first wife of whom the Bible does not speak, but with whom the Talmud makes us acquainted. She was called Lilith. Formed not from one of his ribs, but from the réd earth from which he himself was created, she was not flesh of his flesh. She left him of her own free will. He was still living in innocence when shs left him to go to those regions where the Persians established themselves long years afterwards and where dwelt the preadamites— more intelligent and more beautiful than man. She had therefore, no part iu the fault of our first father and was not sullied l>y the original sin ; consequently she escaped the curse pronounced against Eve and her posterity. She was exempt from pain and death. Having no soul to save, she was as incapable of merit as of demerit. Whatever she does she does neither good nor evil. Her daughters, born to her from a mysterious hymen, are immortal like herself, and, like her, free in their actions and in their thoughts, since they can neither gain nor lose before God. Now, my son, I recognise, by infallible signs, the creature who cauBed your fall. This Leila was a daughter of Lilith. Pray ; I will hear you to-morrow in onfession." He remained thoughtful for a moment, then, rawing a paper from his pocket hs continued : " Last night, after having wished you goodnight, I received from- the letter-carrier, whoad been delayed by the snow, a disagreeable etter. The head vicar writes that my book has addened monseigneur and cast a gloom in his oul over the coming joys of Lent. This work, e adds, is filled with daring propositions and pinions already condemned by the fathers. His «race could not .approve such unwholesome ucubrations. That is what they write me. ut I will relate your adventare'to monseigneur; t will prove to him that Lilith exists and that do not dream." I begged M. Safrac to listen to me another moment. "Leila, mvfather, gave me at partng a piece of papyrus, on which are traced, ith thé point of a stylus, characters which I an not read. Here is the amulet." M. Safrac took the light sheet which I landed him and examined it attentively. " Thi6 is written in a Persian language of the olden age," he said, after a moment, " and ay be translated as follows : ' ' PRAYER OF LEILA, DAUGHTER OF LILITH. " '•My God, promise to me death, so tTiai I may taste life. My God, give to me remorse, so that I may find pleasure. My God, make me like to the daughters ôf Eve: " - Friend—"So yours was a case of love at irst sight ?" Mrs. Getthere—" Yes, indeed ! I fell deserately in love with my dear husband the oment I set eyes upon him. I remember it s distinctly as if it were yesterday. I was alking with papa on the beach at St. Kilda, hen suddenly papa stopped, and, pointing im out, said, ' There, my dear, is a man -worth womUliw.'" ; 