The Reviewer. 7'he Review of Reviews, Australian edi tion, firit number ; Empire Buildings, Collins Street, Melbourne. The Engineering Magazine, Australian edition, first number; G. G. Turri and' Co., Sun Buildings, Queen's-Street, Melbourne. The Illustrated London News, Summer and Jubilee Number, 1892 The Graphic, Summer Number, 1892. The Queensland Bee Book, by R. J. Cribb, Toowong ; printed by R. S. Hews and Co., Brisbane. the Australasian Pastoralists' Review, Sydney and Melbourne, Another tribute, and by no means a mean one, to the growing importance of these colonies is found in ? the simulta neous acclimatisation, so to speak,' of two such periodicals as the Review of Reviews and the Engineering Magazine; one social and English, the other scientific and American; both of enormous circulation and powers in the world. Australia's importance strikes the directors of both these literary engines at the same time, and the con sequence is simultaneous issues of Australian editions. The Australian Review of Reviews (for warded by Messrs. J. H. Robertson and Co., of Ruthven-street) is placed under the charge of the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, one 0? the ablest pressmen in Australia, who has prefaced the number with editorials on the topics of the day, which are by no means the worst written portion of the ?work. This contribution is illustrated with portraits of Sir George Dibbs, Hon. F. W. Holder, Premier of South Australia, the Earl and Countess of Glasgow, Mr. Eddy, Mr. Schey, and Dr. Singleton, besides a couple of caricatures from the Sydney Bulletin— -but the Review abounds with ! these. Several paragraphs are devoted to j Queensland, from among which we select one. Qucpnsliiml in ilccidcdly making tho largest oontri Imtion both of stiirmy elements and of new ideas to colonial polities at the present moment. The Klee tions llill aims at purifying the notoriously congesii'd i electoral roils, unit tho lab .ur leaders who now fiercely ! oppose the measure, ilo their cause injustice by link- . ing it to the fortunes- of a bail electoral law. The ' eoniinfent, vote,' however, is the novel feature of the llill. It is an ingenious— we fearu too ingenious — schem ? for appraising and making effective what may be called the secondary preferences of the elec tors. Tho Queensland Assembly, it is to be noted, , rejected impartially a proposal to give a married i freeholder— as a reward for the pos session of a wife— a duiibl ? voie, and also (by -13 votes to 11) the 'one- man-one-voto ' platform. The proposal to con'truet , r.iihva k on the land-grant principle \\\n°. hi'cn licrccly : con'ested; yet for n colony whose principal wealth! consists in uncounted acres of land that plun scemx ? eminently wise. Happy the colony indeed that can ' pay for its railways in the coin of which it po- Bcsses the largest supply! It seems probable that Sir Samuel Griffith will cany his scheme for making Queensland a federated Commonwealth, under the historic anil liigh-soundini; title of 'The United Provinces.' Tried, indeed, by cold arithmetic, 'The ? United Provinces' will be slightly ridiculous. It will need under the new plan, six Parliaments (all paid), one Governor- General, and three Licutcnaut Governors, four Cabinets and four public debts, to manago the affairs of «0,OfK) people. The tiny pro vinces attired in the magnificent vestnre of Parlia mentary institutions will resemble nothing no much as so many Tom Thumbs disguised in the great coat and breeches of a giant ! And yet '-The United Pro vinces' are not without justification. They have geography, if nothing else, onthcirsidc. Queensland is nearly aa big as tnc Iudi.m Umpire; it is bigger. »?- far as urea goes, than the three Great Powers of Central Europe— Germany, France, and Austria— put together. A colony with 22UO miles of coast line, and such wide diversities of climate and products, ran plainly not be adequately governed by one small rarliament on its stmtnern nor cr. tiic united Provinces will be a new political birth under Austra lian skies ; but as an alternative to the creation of purely tropical colonies with a stroug drift in the direction of thinly-disguised slavery, they may be welcomed. Australia is honoured further by portraits of Viscount Ancrum — which Mr. Fitchett, following the S. M. Herald, will speli Ancram — and the late Sir Harry Atkinson, in the Australian part, and of Sir Samuel Griffith, and the executive of the' Central' Queensland Separation League — Mr, John Ferguson, president, Mr. J. S. Curtis, chairman of the executive, and Mr. F. A. Morgan, mayor of Rockhampton — the only satisfactory likenesses of the four being those of Sir Samuel and Mr. Curtis. This making much of the central agitation comes very apropos, and we are tempted to reproduce another paragraph. Representatives from two of our colonies have visited L melon last month with very different peti tions. Deputations for and against the demand that the elected representatives of 40,000 whites in Natal should practically be invested with Bovcreign power over the 600,000 blacks in the midst of whom they have settled, have put their views before the Colonial I Hike, but tli.-y have obtained a scant hearing from the Hritish public, while opinion scms to be too evenly balanced in Natal to justify the Home Government in reopening the question. The otner deputation came from the strong uncl active party which r.eeks to split up Queensland in three separate colonies. Mr. Archer and Mr. Ferguson, deputed, by the Central Quecnslnml Iicaguc, pleaded their cause before Lord Knutsford. The Colonial Secretary gave them cold comfort. He preferred to sec Queensland dealt with on Home Rule or Canadian principles rather than on those of the Separatists. He postponed any decision until it was Kteii whether the present Queensland Parliament could come to some arrangement by which the huge colony could be supplied with what may be called three provincial legislatures within one indivisible Queensland. 80 the matter stands over— for a time. Mr. Stead commences with a fatherly address ' to the English-speaking folk under the Southern Cross,' from which they learn that for nearly forty years he has taken a very great interest in them. They also learn that the 'root-ideas of the English speaking household' are ' God ! the people, freedom, the enfranchisement of woman, hatred of militarism, and recognition of the Church universal as the Divinely appointed instrument for realising several ideals of improvement.' In Mr. Stead mingles a strange spice of orthodoxy, spiritualism, scepticism, socialism, superstition, and anarchy, the latter element being empha sized by a long and tender 'character sketch ' of Louise Michel, ' the priestess of pity and of vengeance.' The usual cream of the reviews and other current literature — a very large space being devoted to ' Hop' of the Sydney Bulletin, completes a number of more than ordinary interest. The Engineering Magazine, whose home is New York, will be much less known in Vustralia than Mr. Stead's phenomenal success, but the chances are it will soon be equally appreciated. The first number of the Australian edition has been got out too hurriedly, apparently, for the addition of anything racy of its new soil, but next number will contain an article on 'State Railway Management ' by Richard Speight, ex-chairman of the Victorian Railway Com missioners. The presentnumber contains most interesting illustrated articles on the ' Beginning of Architecture,' ' Diffi culties of Tunnel Boring,' and ?'Water- supplies for cities and towns,' and some eight others, the volume being a bulky one, beauti fully printed and with illustrations such as can be produced in America alone. The Magazine professes to be ' utterly devoid of technicality. It is written not by pressmen, but by the most talanted men in various political, official and professional walks ? of ife, and it is written for the general public. In these respects it is like a Nineteenth Century or Forum; in its illustrations it ranks with Harper's and the Century ; in its technical . imlex| it take ground with the Review of Reviews. It claims- to be as orignal, and as entertaining as any of these and, perhaps, even more useful— for in this age, no other matters'; can be so profitably studied as industrial ones.' And ^ it thoroughly justifies its professions. The contributors number amongst them the Hon. Chauncey Depew, Andrew Carnegie, Ed ward Atkinson, Colman Sellors and other eminent men. The Australian edition is placed under the charge of Mr. G. G. Turri, of Melbourne, ' a gentleman who enjoys the _ highest professional standing in the colonies, and who brings to thc.work a supurb equipment of varied professional and practical ex perience.' Aboutjthe most interesting of the many ' numbers 'issued by the great London illustrated papers is that bearing the title of the 'Summer and Jubilee Kumber,' of, the Illustrated London News,' Fifty years ago this eminently successful paper was founded by the late Herbert Ingram, and . the number is full of reminiscences of fifty years ago— pictures, the . chef d'eruvres of Charles Keene, George Cruikshanks, Sir John Gilbert, John Leech, Kenny Meadows, John Tennicl, and such rare old giants of the brush md etching needle. What may be called the modern part is lavish in large and small illustrations. In addition to pictures in the text, such as ' His Better Half' (J. Bernard Patridge),. 'What is your Fortune, my pretty Afaid ?' (Alf. J. Johnson), and the illustrations of' stories, there are four de ached coloured pictures : ' An April Fool,' 'Who are You?,' 'Violets,' and 'My 'retty Maid.' The tales comprise 'Peer ? nd Heiress' (Walter Besant), ' A Question ifDiplomacy' (H. Conan Doyle), 'Delu- .' ion' (Adeline Sergeant), and ' Red Jim of he S. P.' (Morley Roberts). Humorous ketch stories complete a singularly inter ring number, for which we have to thank Messrs. J. H.Robertson and Co. : The same firm forward us the. summer lumber of the Graphic, which is quite up to he usual high standard. By way of pre ;entation picture is a coloured reproduction -f 'Beatrice' by Frank Dicksee, R.A. 'The Big Old Trout' is a humourous tale old in rhyme and coloured sketches, which s followed by more serious stories by James I'ayn, Mrs. Edward Kennard, Honnor Morten, and J. R. Weguelin. The contribu :ion of the latter, ' the Ghost of Periander's . Wife,' by name, is wonderfully illustrated in the mezzo-tinto style, and of a wild and., weird description. A double page illustration, ' Loose,' is full of character, and as much ': . may be said for ' I'm good now !' By way , of extra, we have a great number of enter taining sketches entitled ' Summer Holiday.' Mr. R. J. Cribb, of the Apiary,. Toowong, sends us his new work, the ?'Queensland Bee Book,' a practical treatise on bees, their management and culture in Australia, together with a description of the inventions used in the apiary. Bee-keeping costs little, md there is money in it. Not a single trick uf the trade, if we may so designate it, appears to have been forgotten by Mr. Cribb, und his work possesses the further unspeak able advantage of being that of a practical Australian speaking to Australians. Every instruction can be followed out, every suggestion adopted. The work is both well printed and well illustrated, and no bee keeper should be without it. A series of articles on the frozen meat industry, which have appeared in the Pastoralistsy Review from time to time, have been reprinted in pamphlet form, and are. worthy of the honour. The writer appears well up in his subject, and now that meat freezing is generally acknowledged as the sole resource of the Queensland grazier, the pamphlet should be widely, read. The price is is. 