J.¥t£lv*£'MT'EKCE| *.....M^wiin?«gcogDsr. ... nm \- No. 12. " *THBXBiJ> OOHSTABtE. Although Convict Theodore Dixon had never actively shown signs of madness, there is no nonbt that the mysterious mental dis ease which baffles aU BcientiBtB, must have been latent in him, for on the day of Bradly'e murder he had to be secured in a straight waistcoat through his violenoe. The queer manner which had earned for bim his nick name was hot the outward sign whioh told of the deficiency within. Like Vesuvius and its thin column of smoke, men knew that BOfflitbiog ont of the ordinary was present, ( bin no one conld tell when the quiescent j volcano would burst /orita, carrying destruc- j tion in its train. I The head constable was especially pleased I at the turn affairs bad taken. iiT&dly; was I becoming inconvenient to him. He knew J more about Scanlon than be wished him to. Now he was out of the way. and Diroo wonid eoon follow him, tor there waB not the least doubt about his being hanged. Even if he was insane the easiest and cheapest method according to Norfolk Island law was to exe cute him as soon as possible. Madmen had been hanged before, and no loss made about it, itnd Dixon would certainly end his life on thegallowB. . . The Head Constable had a failing whioh was common to a good many officials on the IsUndi He sometimes indulged rather too freelyih the "flowing bowl." "When the VfineiBinthe wit is oatn was a proverb peculiarly applicable to him. He eaidand did many things when under the influence of Bacchus whioh he was sorry for afterwards when it was too late. Two nights after the murder of Bradly he j was in the quarters set apart for himself, the chief turnkey, and the bead overseer. A small but convivial party were assembled. In addition to Soanlon and the head over Beer chief constable Baldock, overseer Whiffen and constable Wilcox from the head prison were present, having come over for the even ing on a visit. They were all heavy drinkers -when they oonld get it,-bat the vile ram whioh they were consuming seemed to take abater efleot on the Cascade head oonstable than on the others. Before nine o'clock his toagae had got the better of him. The bibli cal injanotion to keep a watch over one's month was entirely forgotten, and Scanlon was relating some of his exploits with a Koeto and minnteness of detail which only a iialf intoxicated man indulges in. His com panions were slightly surprised at some of the narratives. To Bay they were very much surprised wo a Id bs untrue, for they were well rersed in the tricks and subterfuges whioh were practised on the prisoners, and by whioh they were so often unjustly punish ed. Each of them had been guilty more than onaa of the same kind of sots of which Scan lon made nimself the hero, but they had never been foolish enough to tell the public BO. Chief Constable Baldock only laughed at the iodescretion of his subordinate, and gave him a few hints to change the subject, but that only made the constable chatter the faster. The chief overseer at the Cascade Gaol treated his comrade's talk ss so many good stories, bat to overseer WbifTen and constable Wiloox the conversation had a fascinating and peculiar interest. These two worthies had lor some time cast longing eyes on Soanlon'a billet, and though they drank with him they would not stay at any trifle that might assist towards hia re moval. The laEt incident that the Cascade . constable described clearly -.vsa the manner 1 in which he had conveyed the three ounc«a | ot sugar to the pocket of Hendricks jacket ? and tor which i.ha convict, received one hun dred lashes. Everything ha Baid was care fully noted by the two interested men for future use. £t waB close on midnight when they left for the head prison, but at nine o clock next morning Wilcox was in the commandant's office giving him a *'full true; and particular acoount " of what Scan ?--- Ion hadeaid the previous night. ^ The commandant had a strong dislike to the-head constable. His system of having favourites to carry him tales was distasteful to the chief officer. He didn't object to having such tools himself, but his subordinates had no right to trench npon his'domain in thai respect, and he listened willingly to the charges which were made against Soanlon. When overseer Whifien returned with the . gangs in the evening he also repeated the charges whioh had been made in the morn ing,mentioning Baldook also as one who was present when the statements were made. That official was called, and relnotantly ad mitted that the head constable had made indisoreet admissions, bat tried to extenuate them by saying that the man was evidently joking. When he saw how the commandant was Inclined he speedily changed his apolo getic mood, and strenuously declared that Scanlon was unfit for the position that he held. The result was that next day the command ant went over to Cascade prison, accom panied by Baldook, Wilcox and Whiffen, and an enquiry was held into Soanlon'a state ments. In addition to these witnesses the local head overseer admitted having heard the statements made, and outside evidence was soon obtainable to prove that Scanlon had only told the truth about himself. Hie former favourites saw that he was likely to fall, and like enoh cravenB they were the firsti to help him on his downward road in the hope of winning the favor of his suc cessor. The commandant held the charges to beclearlyproved, andat once suspended Season,intimating that he would recom «>e anthorities at Hohart Town. Wiloox was installed in his plaoe, much to the disgust of Whiffy The late head constable was furious when fa..T?* £?W had been duped and be trayed by hfe supposed friends, and by his own foolish tongue. The reference to Hobart ^atfae wo°ld have to remain on the Island for several months until the decision arrived, but of oourse he would be found in quarters and rations as long as it was necessary to stay. During that time many things might happen. He was an im pulsive man, and when he fairly decided on a project he carried it through with the greatest tenacity. For two weeta hew Dtoined at his quarters brooding over his fancied wrongs, and then the trial of conviot Theodore Dixon, for the murder of Bradlv joame on. '' \- Scanlon had witnessed the occurronoe, and when he was placed in the witness box he swore that Bradly was the aggressor, that he first struck Dixon, and that in self defence the latter seized him by the throat. This evidence w»e totally unexpected, and the only one who could controvert it was oonvict Mer cer. This man still had a regard for his former- benefactor, and aB perjury was of little flonsequenoe in his estimation, he generally bore out the evidence of Scanlon Without doubt Dixon would have been ac quitted of the charge of murder through this Qvidenc8, had it not been for the statement of the prisoner himself. He told the jury thatboth Scanlon and Mercer had been mis taken in the aocount they gave of the affair. ThatBraSfhad not struck him, nor had he bBen the aggressor. According to English law the statement of softener in the position that Dixon was is nota&nisBible;, and little notice would be taken tt It hy the judge or jury, especially if passive-if not active-madness was present, andon the prisoner's own words, because no oneelaa coup Bay who was the aggressor, he was condemned to death. Norfolk Island ^law was peculiar*tb itB own soil. A week ""after sentence, CoaVict Theodore Dixon, per ship TaBman, ships number i6S,prison num ber 1973, was swung off, and a vacancy left at Cascade. It was three months; after this event that dispatches arrived from HobartTown, cover ing, amongst other papers, - the dismissal of Head Constable Thomas Scanlon, with ab Intimation that he could have a free' passage inlbV vessel back to Van Dieman's Land. ^ ' io! months the conduct of tbe Il&te; head oonetable had been very qaeex< H® wandered about: in &n; aimless manner Ant ing the day; and frequently during the night also, and he was bat the ghost ol his former | Belf. Most fctsople pot this change down to had received a ennstroke - whilst oat in the fields, and it was mote probable that this injury was reasserting itself. On the 7th of July, 1847, head constable Wilcox, accompanied by a field oonviot named Heide, had occasion to inspect a flax field on the onter edge of the cultivated district fao ing southwards. The locality in question was very hilly, and in the intervening deep gullies the plant was grown. The surround ing district wae the wiideBt in the Island, although it was not more than n mile from Cascade prison. The forest was a densely j tropical one. snd no attempt had besn made I as yet to utilise it. Three quarters of a mile I from the gaol the lost gang of laborers -wae j p&psed;, and it wae from thin party tha* Wii* } cox took Heide to oecorspany iiim. As they I proceeded the hills bccflijie steeper and higher, ' and on sir of wild lonliness hung over the place. It was here that the wild flax had been first found, and it was still almost in its virgin state. It was part of iha bead constable's duty to vi.«it the locality once a month and report on it, and in pursuance ot that order Wilcox visited it that day. The two men had proceeded almost to the extreme limit when they were eeddenly startled by a langh not far from them, and turning in the direction from which it came they were astonished and alarmed at seeing Soanlon ashort distance np the aide of a hill on their right. He was standing behind the trunk of a large fallen tree, and only hie breast and head were visible. " Where are yon going to ?" he hailed from his elevated position. " We are jast inspecting the plants," r« plied Wilcox, who felt very mnch alarmed at his appearance, and wished to conciliate him. " Will yon not come and join as, old fellow." " w. T 3 >i BAn pto. J aon * care to join you wuro you are abont to go. I dare say I'll get there BOOH enough myself. I've come bere to give 1 you a parting gift before I leave the Island. I'll take care thia time that yon will sot be able to tell the commandant any tales aboat me. I have been waiting for thiB lor two months, and now that I have got you X in tend to have my reveDgQ." As Soanlon spoke it was quite evident to both Wilcox and Heide that he meant mis chief. His appearance was wild, and his eyes blazed with a deadly hatred. The head constable was armed, bnt Heide was not, and if Scanlon had a gnn ha had a considerable advantage over them, as they were standing in a clear portion of the gully, whilst the ex constable was well sheltered. If he would descend from bis position the two men would have a better obance against him. I " Gome down and dcn'fc beat ill will. I I am a friend of yours, Saaalon, and w:ll_do anything I can to help you. Come back with me and have dinnor," Wileox said. " You showed your friendship once, didn't you," sneered Scanlon, and i am going to show you now how I appreciate it. I have came here expressly to kill you, and I may as well do it at once." As he epoke he pointed a musket over the log, and proceeded to take aim at the head constable. Hcide rushed for shelter, but Wilcox inttantly rose his musket and fired hastily at his enemy. It would have been better had he followed Heide's example and made for cover, for the chances would be against Scanlon hitting a running man. _Aa it was his hasty shot missed its intended mark, but it gave the ex-constable tine to take accurate aim. An instaot alter tbe re port of Wilcox's rifle rang oat it was an swered by another, and the head constable of Cascade fell dead with a bullet through his heart. When he saw his enemy fall tbe cUioiiuf d i-lTiuitil ran in the direction of the thicket -where 11-ide wa: concealed, but tha lat'.-ir flo-A wi'.b ail epead. :'.rid a race lor lite 1 1 eiieued. Had if. not bp.en ior the proximity I i ot the citsr yang of laborers the flying con- I I vict would most certainly have been over- I J taken, but he managed to reach that party 1 before his pursuer, and tbe latter ceased to I follow him when he b&w; the laborers. He 1 evidently wished to kill Heide in order to destroy any evidenoe of his guilt regarding Wilcox. The convict made hie way to the gaol as ' rapidly as possible, and gave the alarm of | Wilcox's death. The superintendent at once 1 eent a party of soldiers to the place under | tbe guidance of Heide, and he also sent a | messenger to the head station to inform the ? commandant of the oooarreaee. The day 3 following the murder WBB an extremely wet * and stormy one, as WBB also the eeoond suc 3 ceeding day, and the chief official did not 3 despatch any search parties to capture Scan lon nntil the third day after the tragedy. ' This broke fine and clear, and so lsas than ' four different expeditions were sent into the ' forest to hunt np the ex-head constable. The 1 commandant knew well that if he was not 1 mad he mast be in a desperate Btate, or he would not have committed tbe deed he bad, \- being a free man at tbe time. If not cap ' tared he would doubtless resort to further ' acts of violence, and no efforts should be 1 spared to bring him to justice. The four search parties left the head sta tion in different directions, and the com mandant himself accompanied one of them. This body headed for the centre of the island where the hills were high and steep, and the forest dense. Tw> of the others skirted along the eea shore, and tbe fourth went in a paral lel line-about a mile distant-with the commandent's party. A most thorough search was made. Every thicket was ex amined. Hollow trees and logs were looked at, and it seemed almost impossible that the fugitive ooald evade his pursuers. Towards noon they had reached the centre of the is land, and on the top of a commanding hill the commandant's party halted to have some refreshment. The ohief officer had seated himself at the foot of a large tree, and when the light meal was over he bade the soldiers cesarou a aense tnicttet about two hundred yards to the south, and then return to him to explore the gloomy valley in front. The men had not departed five zninntes when th6 commandant was rndely startled from a noonday reverie, into which be had fallen, by a hoarse voise saving, "Attempt the least resistance, and yoa are a dead man." His hands instinctively sought his pistols, hot as he looked op and saw the drawn and haggard face of Seanlon peering at him a few yards away with his musket at the shoulder and pointed at his heart, he saw how completely he was in the power of the desperate and hunted ex-constable. " What do yon want with me. Ton might lower yoar gan," the officer at length found voice to say, feeling at the same time that he was lost. " I want revenge. There is nothing else left for me but that" hissed Seanlon, "Yon came to hunt me down, bat I have turned the tables, and hunted you down." "Why do you want reverge on me. Iam only doing my doty," the commandant an swered firmly. " for many reasons. £ wonld not be in the position I am at this moment had it not been for you. As your guard will be here in a few minates I will not waste any farther time with yon." As he spoke he pulled the trigger of the musket, bat it missed Are. The heavy rain of the previous two days had rendered the powder useless. Determined not to bo banlked of his victim he sprang forward to club the officer, but he was too quick for his assailant. His hand was on his pistols, and in an instant be had drawn one and fired point blank at Scanlon's breast, killing him instantly. While he was wiping the beads of perspiration from his face, wbioh were brought there by the terrible ordeal he had just undergone, the soldiers ran up, and he directed them to convey the body to the settlement. Nest week the series of records will be continn?d under the title of " Conviot Charles Mooney." The incidents narrated therein, which are stern truths, will prove of great nterest to the reader. 