CURRENT NOTES. IT seems to us that the legion of writers to the daily papers who have taken as their theme the presence of the Rev. Alex. Marshall, at the Princess' Theatre, the other night have, to speak nautically, "missed stays," if such a metaphor may not be considered immodest in the connection. Those of them who condemn his conduct do so without reservation bull-headedly ; those who praise it do so with as little apparent sense of proportion. None of them seem to have been struck by the presumptuous fiction of Mr. Walter Bentley, who holds that the stage is a teacher of morals—and even of religion. This claim could have been made for the Greek stage, bepause the dramatist in those days was both playwright and preacher, 110 other preacher being in evidence, but it can by no means be made for the modern stage. Mr. Bentley is following Mr. Henry Irving in making this preposterous claim 011 behalf of the stage. Mr. Irving is not satisfied with being the acknowledged Prince of Mummers in his generation—lie must also be a Shining Light and a Great Moral Teacher. Mr. Walter Bentley appeal's to be troubled with a similar ambition. t * * * These gentlemen appear to forget one thing— viz., that although they may speak the highest and finest and noblest sentiments with the tongues of angels yet having behind them 110 sanction—no acknowledged authority — these sentiments are of no use whatever as moral stimuli. How can we be seriously affected by the words of a man whom we know to be painted, and who manifestly wears a wig and a false beard ? One knows that in his most passionate paroxysms of virtue he is only acting. He is a mimic—a mimic—an imitator. And of such 110 good ever came. The writer of a leading article ill the Age of Saturday gives half- a-dozen instances of actors and actresses who had been pious. This is no argument in favour of the stage. You might as well say that Murder and Burglary were conducive to the development of the finer emotions because Peace and the notorious Wainwright were fond of music. Actors off the stage may be the most estimable of person*, but they have 110 influence—an ordinary policeman has probably more than that great man, Mr. Walter Bentley. No great and strong nation in its best times lias ever considered the profession of stageplayer worthy of honour. The worst revenge •which Julius Ciusar could take upon Labienus— who wrote comedies—for having offended him was to condemn liini to play the principal part in one of his own plays. Labienus seized the opportunity to say—" After having lived sixty years with honour, I left my home a lloman Knight, but I shall return an infamous stage player. Alas ! I have lived a day too long." We would like it to be understood that, personally, we have 110 disrespect for the stage, but when its exponents make claims for it such as that made by Mr. Walter Bentley we always like to do our little best in the way of gently and firmly putting it back in its place. And its place is not to instruct, but to amuse—a contract which it does not always carry out. The old school of actors- the lveans, Macreadys, Fechter.", i£c.— had 110 idea that they were religious regenerators. They simply (and honestly) acted their parts— spoke the words written for them by somebody else, and made no pretence of wanting to save the souls of their audiences. But when that distressful little person, Mr. Toole, became a friend of the Prince of Wales (it should not be forgotten in this connection that a former Prince of Wales had for friends Falstaff, Bardolph, Poins and a few others of the like kidney) and Mr. Irving grew up 011 familiar terms with the territorial and ecclesiatical aristocracy, we began to hear about actors being artists—as though a man would he an artist who did not produce something original, were it only a brick. There is a story told about Mr. Irving's first meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury, which speaks more for Dr. Benson's power of saicasm than for his regard for Mr. Irving. "I hope Vour Grace has 110 objection to actors," said the latter, after having been introduced. " Well, 1 rather have," said his Grace, pursing his lips, " but," pleasantly, "that doesn't say that I'm not happy to meet you." * * * » We think finally that it can hardly be contended that the Rev. Alexander Marshall went to see "The Silver King" in order to obtain moral lessons from it. And if he did not go with this purpose in his mind, we hold that, being a minister of the Presbyterian Church, he should not have gone at all. The cult of the Presbyterian Church liketh not such things, and if a minister of that body wishes to assert his individuality he should take example by the action of the Rev. Charles Strong, and start a sect of his own. Then he could do as he pleased. We might say, drily, as a conclusion, that the whole discussion seems to us to be by 110 means a bad advertisement. Rogers, who was famous for his inventions as an advance agent for Minnie Palmer, could not have improved upon it. It would surprise us very slightly if the writer of the original letter, which raised all the row, was not unremotely connected with the stage. A MKKTIKG of members of the Presbytery of Melbourne North was held the other night with a view to conducting an " Inquiry into the state of religion." The speaker upon the occasion, Mr. A. Harper, said, among other tilings, that —" Neglect of ordinances was said-to be most characteristic of the yoimgnien as a class. . . It was said by the ministers who had sent in reports, that sceptical views of any decree of intelligence were not appreciable in the elements against which Christianity had to fight in the community. That was an answer for which he had been totally unprepared. The social habit which most prejudicially affected the practice of religion was the curse of drink The gambling spirit and the sporting spirit were also said to work against the interests of religion." It does not require that a ghost should come from the other world to tell us that gambling and drinking will not bring us'to Heaven by electric tramway. At the same time, when responsible speakers say, in all ap; arent seriousness, that "sceptical views of any degree of intelligence were not appreciable in the elements against which Christianity had to fight," we feel inclined to remark that they are stultifying themselves. In effect they say that they cannot deal with sceptical arguments which are intelligent. And if ministers of religion are not prepared to meet with eijtia! weapons intelligent scepticism, then they should be chary about challenging it. The sublimation of intelligent scepticism is the philosophy of Schopenhauer, and Schopenhauer was the man of whom the story is told that being in a restaurant one day and noticing three Prussian officers at an adjoining table, and having given an order he replied to a remark of theirs, " Yes, gentlemen, you heard me give an order for three dinners—because I have the brains of three." Vulgar, of course, but Scepticism (which in the caso of Schopenhauer ran to Pessimism) is al ways vulgar. The spiritual part of religion is the redeeming element of common life. The vainest and most frivolous of us when we go into a church are affected with a feeling of reverence. If we had not that feeling it would be time for us to go to Africa and become missionaries. THE martyrdom of the labour leaders of Broken Hill has begun, and those noble sufferers for the righteous cause of the boycotter and the terrorist, socialism and anarchy—Sleath, Ferguson and Co.—rejoice over the opportunity of immolating themselves and winning cheap immortality. There is an evident yearning upon the part of the arrested agitators to have their sufferings for the "caws" consummated on the gallows. They would probably prefer the stake and the greased faggots as more consonant with the traditions of the martyrs, but, as the stake is 110 longer an institution amongst Britishers, they would doubtless be proud to accept the conventional vehicle. The liiuch-telegraphed sympathy for the Broken Hill leaders is really a flagrant waste of sentiment, since those ambitious apostles of the New Unionism enjoy the situation so hugely, and are so heartily envied by all other members of the confraternity, that the latter actually petition to be allowed to share with them the distinction of imprisonment and a public trial for sedition. Of the innocence or guilt of the prisoners nothing can be said just now, but we feel called upon to request Mr. Sleath's friends and admirers not to let their feelings overcome them, or to feel bad on his account, since he and his fellows are so little impressed with the gravity of the position ill which they find themselves, and since this opportunity of gaining increased notoriety is sighed for by the leaders still at large. Tni; justice of the privileges enjoyed by clulw is again being questioned, and with a good deal of reason. That many of the numerous 1,0- called clubs which have sprung i>p like mushrooms ill Melbourne and its suburbs of late years are merely speculative concerns, the chief purpose of which is to obviate the great inconvenience of the Sunday Closing clause to a certain number of very thirsty citizens, is known well to most men about town, and that the gambling evil is greatly encouraged by numbers of these institutions, which make 110 pretence of supplying the wants a wellregulated club is supposed to cater for, is equally obvious. Not the least reprehensible feature of the club evil is the manifest unfairness it imposes upon the keepers of reputable public- houses, burdened by heavy licenses, and curtailed in trade by the conditions of severe laws. Many excellentlyconducted hotels in the city have had their businesses almost ruined by the competition of boosing dens, run as clubs by enterprising individuals with a discriminating eye cocked to the main chance. MANY of our footballers are evidently bent upon creating for the national sport a reputation like that earned by ruffians of the John L. Sullivan stamp for the P.R. The indignant protests of the most judicious friends of football are little heeded by the larrikin element in the various clubs, and an opportunity of lending variety to a tame or unsatisfactory game by jumping 011 an unoffending policeman, or tearing most of the clothes off an umpire who has failed to cultivate the art of diplomacy to the extent of pleasing both clubs ill a match, is not often missed. The Adelaide affair created great indignation amongst those people who find in a well-conducted and temperately- played football match a pleasant form of recreation, and who are, in consequence, concerned about, the reputation of the game. The Fitzroy trouble followed this, and the more recent outrageous outbreak at Geelong must serve to alienate the interests of many old friends, and seriously endanger the future claims of football to the title of " The National Game." From the point of view of the general public the question of individual guilt is 110 great matter ; the real trouble is in the prospect of respectable people being unable to witness a " friendly game" without the "intervention of a large armed force of police, and the probability of matches being conducted in a season or two in the presence of a regiment of mounted artillery, aud supervised by umpires clad in boiler-iron suits, and armed with guns and bludgeons. Indications of a decay of interest ill football are not wanting, and if the Association hopes to win favour aud sustain the game's position as an institution it will have to use 110 half measures in suppressing rowdyism, and must support those magistrates who display this anxiety for the preservation of peace by imposing severe sentences upon culprits. THE builders of the Beulah to Hopetoun railway are not to he called upon to fence in the line, it being held that fences are unnecessary, and rarely ornamental. One Minister contends that if there were 110 fences along our railway lines there would be fewer accidents, as the people would look where they were goinc, and not expect to he pulled up by a State fence or a Parliamentary regulation every time they wandered into danger. This is all very fine, and it is, doubtless, true enough, that we would move about with a livelier suiihe of the fleeting nature of breath, aud a fuller consciousness of the fact that we are here to-day anil yone tomorrow, if there were a possibility of our running into ail active locomotive at every turn. It is also more than probable that a few loose and open railway lines scattered about the town and country would tend to encourage the spread of sobriety, since the man wjjo got drunk would stand a ten-to-one chance of being mowed down by an express or cut short 111 the pride of manhood—and beer—by an overloaded goods train, but at the same time the unfenced lines have their disadvantages. A cow, for instance, is not restrained by instinct from wandering 011 an exposed permanent way, and when a tram runs into a cow something is bound to be upset. Usually it is the cow, hut occasionally it is the train. In the former case the proprietor of the cow would want damages, and ill the latter the relatives of numerous disabled or deceased passengers would cry aloud for compensation and vengeance, and in any case trouble must ensue. The argument of the American railway director :—"Our engines don't wander—you mustn't let your cows wander," would not here be accepted in satisfaction, we are afraid." 