A FRIENDLY SERVICE. ffrom Ida Skymouu to Giucb Russell. Villa Bellina, Nice, let June. /1JRACE, my dearest, dearest friend, I am half wild. To you only can I reveal Jiy sorrow, my faithful one. My misery is complete. A cruel and unexpected blow had fallen on me. Listen ; You know that I bave been staying hero fo»- the p»\t week with mother, the doctors having ordered her South-afca day's notice. I could not find ib n my -heartto ask my husband to accom* pany us, just as the London Season had commenced, and ib is impossible to rojoin bim before the end of the month. Yesterday the English post brought me— j * guess what ! An anonymous letter, written in an unknown, and manifestly disguised band, informing me that my husband is earring on an intrigue with Mrs. St. George —that tall, stout woman with* reddish hair, ' and a deservedly bad reputation. You 1 must know her : one meets ner everywhere. I am jealous, you well know, but 1 believe this person to be dangerous. Somehow, all the men admire her, bub I think her absolutely horrible. I am informed that ah* was very intimate with .George before our marriage, and that now the intimacy is resumed. What to do 1 knew not, bub I feel persuaded that you will advise me wisely and well. You aro so clever. At thin time all London is about, and on* meets everyone. You are certam * to see him and perhaps her also. Watch, observe, and tell me what you see. My 1 dearest Grace, remember your friend is tortured with cruel doubts, which ahe desires to dispel, that uncertainty is killing her, and that sho prefers the truth at all cost, bitter though it may bo. Reply at once— watch closely. Think of me, dearest Grace; for you, my mother, and my child ore all I have in tho world to love.— Yours forever, Ida. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. 1000, Half-Moon-etrect, Piccadilly. 4th June. You aro mad, my poor friend, absolutely Etark, staring mad ! Take heart, and be reasonable. You have received an anony mous letter from some spiteful, jealous woman ; for such epistles always como from women. An anonymous letter ! Whoever t pays tho slightest attention to-sucli a thin;; \- Bum it ! Burn ib ! If you only knew how many I received in tbe lifetimeof Mr. Russell —bub I never took the least heed of them. Nevertheless thoy sometimes spoko the truth — but peace to his memory. As you i havo often observed, I am happily indepen dent and still young— only 32 a few days ' ago. You are by fivo years my junior. Follow my example — don't worry yourself away with trouble. But, to return to your letter— well, ib-would-^ive me tho greatest ?atisfaction to destroy it, and think no more af-it. Youliave a'lmsbuid who loves you, of this I have no doubt. You aro a happy woman . to be so loved. Your husband is wealthy and generous — you have a lovely child ; in fact you possess everything a woman could desire. Bub you are jealous. Do not leeelve yourself. Even admitting that there is some truth in tho letter, is it nob-better that you should close your eyes to it ? I can see you jump off your-chairaftyourcad theso words. My dear, I have had more experience of the World than you. Notwithstanding tho facb that I had little depth of affection for my late husband, I Buffered in feeling that I was deceived. Ib woundodmy amour propro. Wlinb can we jjoor women do in auch a case ? Hold our tongues, that is all. You complain that Mrs. St.Georgo is dangerous, and that her repu tation is faulty. Well, so much the bettor, -' ? for'I 'mn persuaded that' your 'liUBtefd' Is' purs at heart, and if he havo any stupid fancy . (or this woman, it is only a passing one. Now surely you see clearly there is.no eerious-cause for anxioty. As to myself, ib is hardly necessary to assure you that thero is nothing I would nob do for you ; and if you insist, although ib is repugnant to mo to play the part of a spy, I will do what you wish. But you will nob insist, I feol cer tain.— Your old and sensiblo friend, Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 8th Juno. Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand ing your advice. Be frank with me at once ; and if I ask too much in expecting this service from you, I must be released from this state of nncer tainby. I musb know all. I believed bhab I could havo counted on you, as yau could on me in a similar circumstance. To me ib appears that true friendship has no scruples, and nover hesitates to render a service to a loved one. Bub perhaps I am wrong : your reply will provo this. — With fondest love, Ida. From Graoe Rcsset.t, to Ida Seymour. London, 12th June. Your letter wounded mo deeply, Ida. Sou believed tliab my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which hesitated. But, since you persist, notwithstanding all I have said to dissuade you, and sincc you question my affection for you, I no longer hesitate. You can count on me— I have sharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to find out whether your fears have any foundation. Now wo understand one another. I thought of you only ; and if anything disagreeable happens, you will havo no right to reproach ' no. Como what may, believe always in the friendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend, Grace. P.S.— On Thursday nighb Mrs. Leslie tecaives. Your husband is pretty certain to bS thero, and perhaps the lady also. I know (he goes there frequently. 1 shall bo there. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 15th June. Thanks — my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon mo. I was, indeed, hasty nnd \- unjust ; but I was suffering horribly. You B ure so good — so affectionate — I am suro you jg will forgive me. » Wlmt I havo gone through during bhe S past, few dnys ! Yes, you arc right ; I am £j 3ealous. For a long time past I believed K inysolf safe from any violenb sentiment; ® nnd then, besides, a jealous person is always ridiculous. At this moment you must bo aboub to start for Mrs. Leslie's ub you pro inised. Dear friend 1 Now that you have consonbed to do what I wish, I feel almost ashamed of my request. Bnt, be assured, whatever comes, and no matter what ycu may communicate to me I shall not bo angry ?with you. To do so would be nothing more or less than infamous. No; we shall be faster friends than ever. Half- past ton. Now, you musb be at Mrs. Leclie's, surely ! What will you dis cover? Merciful powers, how I tremble! Thcnks, again ami again, my darling Grace. ?—Your true friend, Ida. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour,— The person nob ab Leslie's last nighb. George alone. Spoke to him. Tried to get something from him. Impenetrable. Hope nothing true. Love. — Grace. . [Telegram.] ' To Grace Russell.— Thanks for message. Contimn your observations. Send news by telegram. Moro rapid. Write only to give particulars. Fondest love.— Ida. , [Telegram.] i To Ida Seymour.— Nothing new. To-day it- private view Water- colours. Saw hor. George nob thore. Going away to-morrow. — Grace. ( [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— At Academy. Saw George, -but not the person.— Grace. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— Garden party ab Rich mond. Saw George and the person together. Letter follow:. —Grace. Grace R jssell to Ida Seymour. London, 17th Juno. Only two words to confirm und explain the telegram I sent yoii ton minutes a~o. Yes, 1 bave'w.i iiin-j-o and Mrs. St. Q«org« together, Very Ua-ndtsoma the looked, too, notwithstanding her 40 years. Your husband did not appear until rather late, and the moment he saw her he joined her. He remained at her side until tho parly broke up. 1 never loat sight of that bonnet with tho yellow ostrich tips for a moment. I really believo there is nolMng serious between thein. Ab all events, werel in your ( place, this prolonged conversation in public would reassure me. When there is anything between two persons they do not speak much beforo others. I will continue my observa tions. — All my love, and, believe me, 'ever yours. Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 20th Juno. ^ Do not be discouraged, my dearest, dearest (.race. I do not believe the meeting at Richmond was accidental. Georgo has always objected to accompany me to garden parties— said they bored him ineffably. Continue your mission courage ously, and tell me all— even though ib should break my heart, I must know all. Oh, that odious woman St. George ! How I hate her ! And my husband — woll, if mjL doubts are justified, I shall hato him also, and I will never, never pardon him. — I send you fondest love. Ida. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour. — Mot both ab private view British Artists. Have bad news. Don't be too anxious. Nothing positive, nothing really serious, only certain symptoms. Letter follows.— Grace. Grace Kussell to Ida Seymour. London, 24th Juno. Ivly poor darling Ida, I have just returned from tho private view of British Artists. Tho exhibition is a remarkable one this year, and I was lost in admiration-of a lovely study of a head, when your husband, accom panied by the lady in question, passed in front of me obstructing my view ; he looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing a yellow bonnet! How tho woman adores yellow ! The momenb your husband saw mo he left her and came to speak to me. He was most gracious, and not in the least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of the scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next he would tell youjio had seen mo. It was comical, and I could have laughed had I not thought of your present state of anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be inter ested in tho pictures. Two or three times, however, she glanced furtively at me. Georgo said good-bye, and off they went togother. I seated myself, and watchcd them us they passed round the room ; hut at length, fearing I might arouse suspicion, 1 thought ib prudent to go, but wished above all things to see their parting. There is so much in the way people greet one another and say farewell, enpecialty the latter. 1 left bhe place, and turned into a hall door in Suffolk-street, next to the Gallery. Right in front of me stood a brougham, which, from the somewhat untidy appear ance of the servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. St. George. I had not long to wait They both camo out, your husband accompanying the lady to her carriage. The footman opened the door, closed it, aud moved away. Up to this point, you see, thero was noth ing to find fault with. But whilst the foot man went behind the carriago to get, to his place on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few words rapidly : ' To-morrow night — Lyceum — Box A.' At the same instant the cuachmati whipped up the horses and drove away. Your husband lookod after it tor a second or so, lighted a cigarette, and went off in the direction of Piccadilly; and 1 drove to my dressmaker in Bond-street. Here, my darling Ida, is what happened. I assure you ib grieves me intensely to tell you all this, but 1 must remind you that you wished it. This is now the critical momenb ; you still have time to reflect. Will you stop here, or do you wish me to go 'lo'tW Lyceum /?W^TTUpaliiyl — telcgram as soon as you receive this, and I will obey. — With fond love, ever your dovoted Grace. [Telegram.] To Grace Russell.— Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will never forgive you. — Ida. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 2tith June, 3 o'clock a.m. Courage, Ida dearest ; I am obliged to do that which is cruel. I was at the Lyceum to- night, as you | wished, in the back of a box facing Box A. I I arrived as the curtain rose ; and just as bhe ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs. George entered the box, followed by , your husband. | Sho seated herself at tho front, shading herself with an enormous fan. He seated himself behind her. There was no ono else in tho box. Tho play over they roso to go, I lost them in the crowd, of course j but, 1 was not to be beaten, so I pupped into u hansom and drove to her houso, just to see i ! if he would accompany her home. To my great relief she was alone ; and I was just ' about to give orders to the driver to tako | me home, when another hansom stopped at her door, and from it George emerged, and entered thab fatal house. Hoping ho would come out evory moment, 1 remained on the watch until two this morning ; bub when 1 left, he was still there. Now, I have accomplished the mission which you entrusted to mo faithfully. It has turned out badly, bub I do nob complain if I havo given you a new proof of the dcop affection I have for you. Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 30th June, i Thanks, my deareBt ; oh, thanks ! 'You havo indeed proved your friendship. I will nover i'orgivo him— a man whom I adored— whom I married in opposition to tho wishes of all my relations.; to whom I gave my whole life. . . The horrible wretch I I telegraphed to himtocomo to Nice instantly, without saying why. When he arrives I will tell him all (without compromising you, however, my dearest Grace). I will fling my reproaches in his face. Whatever may bo his reply, I have decided on my course. There can never again be anything in common between this man and mo. It the law bo insufficient to protect ine, I know how to ceparate myself for ever from such an hateful being. As for you, my darling friend, I ncvor can bo sufficiently grateful. You are tho. best, the most noblo of women. Weep for mo, and love me its I love you. Ida. Grace Russkll to Ida Seymour. London, 11th August. For eight days, dearest, not a line from you. I am most anxious. What has happened ? Your husband lefb suddenly for Nice they informed me at your house when I called to-day to make inquiries. ' Sum maned by n telegram,' they said. Yours of course. How did the painful scene end ? What ia your decision? How are you? Bend me a telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, ono line for Heaven's sake bo relieve my mind.— With most affec tionate wishes, always your Grace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russf.ll. Nice, 18th August. My Dear Grace, — Your letter crocscd one from mo— that is to say, one I was nbout to writo to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and one things thab I really have not had time to write seoner. Thank you for your solicitude for mo and my health. It is, however, quito unneces sary, for all my troubles havo disappeared. Does thisamaze you ? Strange things liappen in life, my dear, and suspicions, which often seem sorior.s, are frequently unfounded. To adopb your pleasing expression, the 'we ne' between George and me took place immediately on his arrival, but ib finished very differently to the way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, that there was nothing, absolutely nothing, between him and Mrs. St. George. He cer ( tainly hud nil appointment with her at the IBi'iti-di Artists and at the theatre. You were perfectly correct, but, at the latter place there wan a th-'rd person in the box. You \- did notsee that. He also wont to her house after the theatre, but he c.:d net stn.V as long as you imagined, lor half an 'wur after you saw him outer, ho left by the ctqor leading ire n the biUiktd- room »ut qf the back of the liotifo. Why these repeated I appointments, you will ask ? The reason is ! simple. It was a projected marriage I between an acquaintance of my husband j and .Mrs. St. George. Some hitch concern- i ing settlements had occurred, and Mrs. St' George wished to havo the advice of an old friend. By- the-by, she is not at all as bad as she is reported to bo by scandalmongers, and no intimacy ever existed in the past between her and George, as I stupidly believed. George was induced to act as intermediary between the lawyers, and j to look to Mrs. St. George's interests, and ho made an appointment with her that night at tho Lyceum as she wished him to speak to a third person, and bo announce to him tho fact that the match was broken off. Of course this was no fault of his. All this explains itsulf, und the terrible 'scene ' finished in the bost possible way. George scolded me a little for my insensate suspicions, but has pardoned me so generously, so tenderly, that all my former ' contented stato of mind is restored. j ' As to the anonymous letter, he believes i that itwus written by a discharged servant of Mrs. St. George. Now permit me to speak frankly concern ing your action in this matter. You should ; not have allowed me to go so far in this '? ridiculous campaign. You will reply that , you tried to prevont me ; I admit this, ; bub did you do so wibli a necessary ! force of persuasion ? In short, did you ! nob feel a certain pleasure— perhaps ' unconsciously— to see a cloud pnss over j our felicity, of which you were always u little jealous. But I bear you no ill-feelinir. ' You were unhappy in your own marriage,; and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But [ had you been tho true friend 1 believed you , to be, you would have overcome this unworthy feeling, and, at any cost, have I refused energetically to play the humiliating part which 1, whon almost out of my sensed begged of you to accept. Yes. you should have refused ; thab is what a true friend would have done, and you did not do it. It j appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things,! and that in your love of bhe romanbic you. desired to find them guilty. j I must stop, for I might say too much if 1 1 continued. Ida. '! [Extract from tht FrivnSe Journal of Grace Russell.] | To-day I received a most detestable nnd unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymonr. ' Behold mo now at variance with her for ever ; und I worked for her so con scientiously and so loyally. I, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have remembered the old Ibalian proverb, ' Fra moglie e marito non nuttere il dito. [Extract from the Private Journal o/Ida Seymour.] Has George told mo the truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain lady? Bo that as it may, I did right to believe it. Well, when he is by my side, speaking to me with that soft, riclrvoice of his, looking at me with those eyes I so dearly love, all my anger dies, and 1 am all his. As to Grace— 1 have, iu reality, nothing to rcproach her with. Nevertheless, 1 wroto her such a letter ! It was her own faulb ; sho should never have believed that Georgo was unfaithful to mo. — Vanity Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. I hold ib to be a truth constantly self evident that etery man will defond a woman against oil men bub himself. Clap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, and two phenomena will become obvious. Firstly, thore will be a large . amount of open and covert staring ab her, to all ot which' Ifer obliviousness is, of course, only assumed. Secondly, if one of the starers happens to realise that others are at tho same game, ho will manifest plainly his disgust at such treat ment of unprotected beauty, utterly ignor ing his own offenco. A husband and wife got into u street car. The man was some what dandified in dress. The woman was under 20. and as pretty as nutur* and art are in the habit of combining to produce. They wero chatting on the very subject thab I have here introduced, ' 1'ercival, dear,' said she, ' I will prove to you that I am right, and take only ten minutes to do it, if you'll promise not to gcb ungry about it.' He closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though the husband sitting beside her was an entire stranger, and waited for the car to fill with passengers. ' Now,' sho whispered bohind her fan, ' observe how I uin ogled when alone.' Within fivo minutes he saw that halfa dozen masculine passengers, from hoary age to callow youth, eyed hia bride with more or less audacity, and several manifestly would not have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her parb to seize upon her then , and there. That part of the exhibition was a triumph for tho wife, but the most anions . feature of her experiment! remained to be I tried. ' You certainly do seem to attract a good deal of admiration,' said the husband, sup posing that tho pretended strangeness was at an end. ; Sho lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, | as though an importinent fellow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned hor face away from him. He understood her now, and did not speak to her further. Nexb, she drew her shoulder away from contact wibli his. By this bime the spec tators woro believing thab he was annoying hor dreadfully, and 6cornful glances wore aimed ab him. A man arose from the oppo site side. ' Will you exchange seats with me ?' he very gallantly and politely said, lifting his hat most deferentially. Now, ho had been formost among tho original oglere— the veriest simpleton of them all. ? ' Thank you, sir,' she answered, ' bub I prefer to sit besido my husband.' Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture bird and the dove mate whom she had undertaken to instruct as to the philosophy of male gallantry. ALL GONE. Ho talked about divinity, and pur.dered on infinity, And spoke of base humanity as animnlculie, He studied up astronomy, bhe science of autonomy, And wondered if insanity was common to tho flea. lie plunged into zootomy nnd wandered through phlebotomy, And read for weekson history frotn Adam down to date. He lectured ou theogony, and dwelt upon cosmogony, And sounded deep the mystery attending human fate. He showed extreme anxioty for late and early piety, And spoke with great felicity of higher states than this. He lectured quite dramatically to show how syctomatically The forced electricity was contred in a kiss. But while with such intensity ho spouted on immensity, His wifo with sweet dovexite was cutting quite a dash ; And with such ingenuity she monkoyed his annuity, Ile'd found to his perplexity she' dressed away his cash. ' Tho man I wed must be handsome, brave and noble ; he must have no bad habits, and must love me devotedly.' ' But, my dear, that is impossible, you know, quite impossible.' 'Why?' 'There is only one such man in all the : wide world, and ne is going to marry 