THE VEXED QUESTION. WHAT THE POETS HAVE SAID. PAUL TWYFORD.] II. " Labour, Art, Worship, Love,-these made man's life."-THOMAS AIRD. And again, in the " Pauper's Christmas Carol," Hood sings this refrain: After labour's long turmoil, Sorry fare and frequent fast, Two-and-fifty weeks of toil, Pudding-time is come at last! But are rasins high or low, Flour or suet cheap or dear ? Heigho 1 I hardly know, Christmas comes but once a year. Fed upon the coarsest fare Three hundred days and sixty-four, But for once on viands rare, Just as if I wasn't poor! Ought not I to bless my stars, Warden, clerk and overseer ? Heigho! I hardly know Christmas comes but once a year. Nothing could be more pathetic than Hood's poems-nothing more truthful. Hear the tune of THE WORK-HOUSE CLOCK. Who dares oot hear the tramp Of thousands speeding along Of either sex and various stamp, Sickly, crippled, or strong, Walking, limping, creeping From court and alley and lane, But all in one direction sweeping, Like rivers that seek the main. Who does not see them sally From mill, and garret and room, In lane, and court, and alley, From homes in poverty's lowest valley Furnished with shuttle and loom Poor slaves of civilization's galley And in the roads and foot-ways rally As if lor the Day of Doom 1 Some of hardly human form Stunted, crooked, and crippled by toil; Dingy with smoke and dust and oil, And smirched besides with vicious soil, Clustering, mustering, all in a swarm. Father and mother, and careful child, Looking as if it had never smiled The Seamstress, lean and weary and wan, With only the ghost of garments on The Weaver, her sallow neighbour, The grim and sooty artizan ; Every soul, chi'.d, woman or man, Who lives or dies by labour. Stained by an overwhelming zeal, And social impulse, a terrible throng ! Leaving shuttle and needle and wheel. Thread and yarn and iron and steel Gnashing, rushing, crushing along A very torrent of Man. Urged by the sighs of sorrow and wrong, Grown at last to a hurricane strong. Stop its course who can ! Stop who can its onward course, And irresistible moral force; O, vain and idle dream ! For surely as men are all akin, Whether of fair or sable skin, According to Nature's scheme, That Human movement contains within A blood-power stronger than steam. To close Hood's volume without quoting from his famous " Song of the Shirt" would be like leaving a page out of history. I will quote two stanzas only: Oh men with sisters dear! Oh men with mothers and wives! It is not linen you're wearing out But human creature's lives 1 Stitch, stitch, stitch! In poverty hunger and dirt, Sewing at once, with a double thread, A shroud as well as a shirt. Work, work work! My labour never flags And what are its wages ? a bed of straw, A crust of bread-and rags. What shattered roof-and this naked floor A table-a broken chair And a wall so blank, my shadow I thank For sometimes falling there! Truly the poet is also a prophet-a seer and well may Longfellow sing: And the poet, faithful and far seeing, Sees alike in stars and flowers, a part Of the self same universal being, Which is throbbing in his brain and heart. He sees all things-not only with the eye -as the painter-but with the soul. He sees the misery, and sorrow, and sin around him ; and what he writes to-day is a fact fifty or a hundred years hence. Should the sceptic think Hood's poems overdrawn, let him read a little book entitled " Darkest London"-a story of the Salvation Army, by John Law, with an introduction by General Booth. This work was written four years ago- probably before Booth con ceived his idea of relieving submerged London-in fact it is pretty well known now that the General is only an adapter the credit of the scheme belongs to Frank Smith, editor of the " Workers' Cry." In this book will be found sufficient material for a dozen Thomas Hoods to work upon ; and the man who reads and does not curse the social system under which it is possible for such misery and vice to exist, must have a conscience of lead and a heart of brass. Let us "g6 back to o&e; of England's of not the mostbmll&ijt; [ I mean George Grabbe, who, in his BONO OF LABOUR, has the following Go then! and see them riling with the tun, Through a long course of daily toil (o run. See them beneath the Dog Star's raging heat, When the knees tremble and the temples beat. Behold them, leaning on their scythes, look o'er The labour past, and toils to come explore. See them alternate, sun and showers engage, And hoard up aches and anguish for their age; Through fens and tnarsbj moors their steps pursue, When their warm pores imbibe the evening dew; Then own that labour may as fatal be To these thy stares as thy excess to thee. Every reader of English classics must have read Mrs. Browning's CRY OP THE CHILDREN. I venture t9 quote two stanzas to illustrate uiy contention that Hood did not exaggerate. For oh 1 say the children, we are wear/. And we cannot run or leap; If we cared for any meadows, it were merely To drop down in them and aleep. Oar knees tremble sorely in the stopping, We fall upon our faces trying to go; And underneath our heavy eyelids drooping The reddest flowers would look as pale as snow. For all day we drag our burden tiring Through the coal-dark under ground; Or all day we drive the wheel of iron In the factories round and round. Aye, be silent I Let them hear each other breathing For a moment mouth to mouth ! Let them touch each other's hands in fresh wreathing Of their tender, human youth 1 Let them feel that this cola, metallic motion Ie not all the life God fashions and reveals i Let them prove their living souls against the notion That they live in you or under you, O wheels I Still all the day the iron wheels go onward, Grinding life down from its mark. And the children's souls, whiohGodis oalling sunward, Spin on blindly in the dark. Thus Shelley: Then Promethus Gave wisdom, which is strength, to Jupiter, And with this law alone-Let Mac tie tree! And Jove now reigned, for in the race of man First famine, and then toil, and then disease, Strife, wounds and ghastly death, unseen before, Fell Oliver Goldsmith, too, has something to say on the unequal conditions of those who toiled and starved and those who neither toiled nor spun, yet waxed flat upon the choicest products of the earth. Thus the " Traveller": When I beheld a factious band agree To call it freedom, when themselves are free; Each wanton judge new penal statutes draw, Laws grind the poor, ana rich men govern law. And these lines, from " The Deserted Village," are very applicable to my sub ject: 111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay ; Princes and lords may flourish, or may fade, A breath can make them, as a breath has made; But a bold peasantry, their country's pride, When once destroyed can never be supplied. A time there was, ere England's griefs began, When every rood of ground maintaitt'd its ra&ti; For him light Labour spread her wholesome store, Just gave what life required, but gave no more: His best companions, innocence and health, And his best riches, ignorance of wealth. But times are alter'd, trade's unfeeling train Usurp the land, and disposses the swain. Where, then, ah! where shall poverty reside To 'scape the pressure of contiguous pride ? If to some common's fenceless limits: stray'd. He drives his flcck to pick the scanty blade. Those fenceless fields the sons of wealth divide. And e'en the bare, worn common is denied. (Concluded in our next). Broken Hill was appropriately named One half of the population is financially broken. The other half is ill. The cost of the representation of N.S. W. at " Damn Chicago" Exhibition will be about ^"60,000. One-tenth of the population of the State of New York are more Or less paupers (says a New York papier called the " Hospital"). Sir George £>ibbs didn't see one, and he travelled all through. America. The " Wild Cat" party are in a bad way. Crick was summoned the other day by John Norton for assault, and this week by his wife for maintenance; whilst A. G. Taylor was run in the other night for drunkenness. The National Ass' army of footballers, cricketers, &c.;,-strong m the legs and weak in the heads-turned out the other night in Sydney as a band of special con* stables, but managed to keep off at a safe distance from the crowd. The only attempt yet, on the life of any person at Broken Hill, was made on Saturday night,-by a non-unionist, one of the hoodlums brought there from Mel' bourne. The daily press did not announce that circumstance is big type* They say America is the land of the free, where one law is served up hot to all alike. Cablegram In connection with the precautions against cholera, President Harrison has issued" orders refusing to allow SECOND-CLASS passengers arriving by steamer from Europe to land in Boston unless theyarpApeWjcan citizens, 6r residents returnir^.;$v hy 