The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "l am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspond uti to ai o advised to keep copien of their letters, us this rule will hu adhered to strictly. No notice can lxi taken of anonymous communica- tions. E\ory letter must ho accompanied In* the name and »ddiess of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To oxoid inconvenience and delay to persons in- terested, wo have to request that nil bushiest com- munications, Including advertisements, orders for the p.iper, and ícmitútices, he addressed to Wiusov and MACKINNON, and not to Tur. ISOJTOR. laments b\ post-ollice order, hank draft, 01 Yictoiiau postage stamps will oblige. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1892. The Government, as they have in- formed Parliament, have it in their " serious consideration " to permanently appoint the present Acting Railway Com- missioners. There are many reasons why this action should be challenged. In the first place, the present acting com- missioners were notoriously appointed as stopgaps. It has never been con- tended that they are the best men who could be selected for the position, and the country has a right to insist that the best men attainable shall be found and shall be appointed. It may be confidently alleged that the permanent appointment of the present acting officers would neither be approved of by the business community nor by the service, nor by the candid opinion of tho House, if the candid opinion of the üousc could bo arrived at. The all-round verdict would be, " We could do better." And if tho country can do better, why not 1 ] t is nn absolute duty to seo that the permanent arrangement is tho best possible arrangement that can be effected ; and io provokes a smilo lo say that tho appointment of the acting oflîcers would comply with that con- dition. If the acting commissioners had displayed any particular and command- ing genius since their appointment the case might bo different. Hut so much will scarcely bo alleged in their favour or on their behalf. They were ap- pointed because under tho former rit/ime the state was losing money heavily at the railways, and under another régime it was hold that the loss could be reduced. The acting commissioners bid for place by favouring this idea, and by giving the Ministers the reports -which Mini- sters needed, to the effect that the loss was not the result of any commercial depression, but was due to the bad man- agement and the lavish outlay of the first commissioners. The economies and the reductions which the first com- missioners were prepared to make in order to meet the times were described as radically ineiïicient, while tho com- munity was assured that the plans of the new men would at once lighten tho load on the taxpayer. Their policy happily chimed in with that of the Ministry, and would make the railways pay. It is needless to put the question whether thoro has been any such re- sult. Wo all know that at the present moment the railways aro dropping moro money than they have over dropped before. If it were a personal sin that the railways did not yield a profit, then these men are tiro greatest of sinners, and it must bo remembered that they backed up Ministers in the assertion that tho falling-olï was duo not to misfortune, but to apathy, ex- travagance, and folly. From the stand- point insisted upon by the Government and accepted by the acting commis- sioners the present appointments have been a failure. Assuredly, judged of by the standard of commercial results, the administration of tho acting nominees affords no justification for a permanent appointment. The public pays more, it receives less, and the Treasury is a loser and not a gainer. Where then does success come in ? It is an open secret that strong pressure is being put upon Ministers to make the appointment in certain private interests. The acting commissioners aro charged with showing much malevolence towards their predecessors, and are believed to have lent them- selves with eagerness to working up a case against thom. The allegation is that all the aid that can bo afforded to the defendant in a ponding action is readily afforded, and that all the impedi- ments which can with decency bo thrown in the way of the plaintiff aro being thrown in his way. Such is a prevalent impression. And if the acting commis- sioners were permanent commissioners their powers in this direction would be much greater than they arc. They could better reward and could more* strongly influence- any lickspittle underling who might bo content to invent stories or to travesty facts under the plea of speak- ing out. Or men might bo deterred from giving ovidonco on the other side by recollecting in whoso power they would permanently be. The Govern- ment should not only be impartial in this matter, but they should shun the appoaranco of partiality. Until the trial is over the department should not be made secure by one of the parties to the suit through either his friends or his agents. Tho attention of members may be directed to this matter, because pre- vention is better than cure. In impor- tant appointments, such as that of the Agent-General and that of the Railway Commissioners, it is idlo to say that the House should not tie the hands of the Government from doing an impending and obvious wrong. Had the House acted last December instead of leaving Ministers to their freedom dining the recess, much scandal would have been averted and also a great public evil. So it is with the Hallway Commis- sioners-and the Agency-General-to- day. The Government ought to take the House unreservedly into its con- fidence in both instances. And as re- garding the Acting Railway Commis- sioners, the House is ontitled to say that they aro not the best men who can be obtained for the permanent posi- tion, and that if they were the present would not be the proper time to appoint them. "A hooked noso nnd a cedar " counter " constitute, according to a shining light of the Trades-hall firma- ment-now, alas! sufi'eiing tragical eclipse- all the capital necessaiy for the modern banker. This certainly j seems to i educe banking to its simplest ' olements ; but in Malta'it has boen found possible to build up a largo banking business on a more limited and surprising capital than oven that which Mr. HANCOCK deemed necessary. - It seems wildly incredible, but it is literally true, that within the last few months a totally uneducated washer- woman in Malta suddenly set up a " bank," and revolutionised the finances of that ancient seat of the Knights of St. John by the simple but brilliant methods she adopted. She calmly announced that she would receive money in trust, paying interest at the generous rate of Is. in the £ weekly, or 260 per cent, per annum. This new financial system was characterised by a more than Spartan simplicity. It knew nothing ol' capital " called " or " uncalled ;" it was, unporplexcd with directors or auditors : it was absolutely innocent of balance-sheets. It offered to investing mankind nothing but this courageous washerwoman's assurance that she would pay a wildly impossible rate of interest. A few shy depositors actually presented themselves and deposited their cash in tho dripping fingers of this banker in petticoats. The interest was duly paid and received with fearful joy, and tho much-daring depositors, of course, doubled their capital in a very brief period of. time. ¡Sleepy Malteso eyes opened wide in astonishment at the whole process ; curiosity gave way to greed ; then to this novel bank of a washtub, presided over by a red elbowed charwoman, set in a cataract of deposits. A veritable craze swept the island- which, it must bo remem- bered, is one of the strongholds of the empire and under British government. " High and low," says The Times, " Government officials and clergymen, " ignorant and educated people, rushed " from all parts of the island to deposit " their money with the woman. Any " thing that could be converted into " money was sold or pledged. Large " sums deposited with the .Government " Savings Lank at a nominal rate of " interest were withdrawn, and tho " rush to pledgo articles with tho. " Government Mont do Piété became " so great that that institution had " practically to close its doors." . The advantages of this new system of banking were, of course, hugo, visible, and delightful. A woikman liad only to deposit .£20 to find himself in receipt of ¿C1 weekly-a sum which, in sunny Malta, that paiadiso of the lazy and of the unwashed, is equivalent to a handsome competence. Tliis surprising washerwoman, who combined so ingeniously clear-starching and cash, soapsuds and fixed deposits, soon had a procession of competitors, and her bare-armed rivals "went one " higher" by making their interest Is. Gd. in tho £, weekly, or 3G0 per cent, per annum ! These pelticoated Roths- childs, too, practised an undiplomatic honesty which to bankers in breeches would seem simply suicidal. " At the " time the deposits were being made," says The Times, " the women distinctly " warned their clients that they would " not hold themselves responsible for " the money placed with them, but " craftily added that the deposits could " be withdrawn as long as there was " any money." This announcement, however, only mado public confi- dence more enthusiastic. Hore was Truth, in the condition of our first parents before their fall, " naked and not ashamed " ! This new banking system scorned the luxury of cedar counters. The money was probably kept in a stocking, and tho "accounts" inscribed on the back of the washhouso door. " The women bankers," says The Times, " belonged to the lowest " classes, and lived in the poor " quarters, driving their business in " the one room that served for all thoir " domestic purposes. Thero was also " not even tho pretence of the money, " being utilised in any extraordinary " way to pioduce the fabulous in " terest they were paying." Of course the end came, oven to this golden system of finance. There was the usual forerunning whisper of doubt, followed hard by a furious panic, and a " run" of very activo quality indeed. "For tho last few " days," says The Times, " these ' banks' " were so besieged by roaring crowds of " depositors anxious to recover their " money that the police had to inter " veno to maintain order. Writs hav " ing been taken out by some of the " depositors, a search was made in the " dwellings of these women. In tho " case of tho ' original firm ' the large " amount of money and jewellery the " woman had was found to have " already vanished. Another woman, " not so astute, was . found to have " ¿£30,000 loft of the deposits she had " recoived. It is computed that tho " total amount deposited with the " several women exceeds ¿6100,000." Was there ever such a talo of credulity told beforo in even this credulous world ! A Maltese char- woman, with no other capital than her washtub and a little soap-not even of the " soft " variety-was able to attract deposits to the amount of nearly £100,000, and disarrange the whole finance of a British possession! " Mostly fools " remains still, alas ! the ono adequate and all-comprehending definition of the human family ! This Maltese washtub represents, of course, the burlesque of modern finance'; and M. m3 LESSEPS and the Panama Canal may bo taken to represent its tragedy. The prosecutions just begun in Paris are on a scale commensurate with the size of tho ill-fated canal itself. All the direc- tors of the Panama Canal Company aro to be prosecuted, and one has been killed outright already by the prospect. In addition, about 150 French senators are publicly charged with having levied blackmail on the enterprise. The central figure of the tragedy, however, is M, DE LESSEPS himself. He is by no means a Sir GALAHAD; he has many of .the vices as well as some of the virtues of a modern Frenchman in a superlative measure ; and the history of his greatest achievement, the Suez Canal, is disfigured, not only by some dark shades of duplicity, but by some crimson stains of blood. That wonderful chaunel was largely dug by miserable Fellaheen under tho argument of tho whip. Rut M. DE LESSEPS is a great figure, and has a great history. And now, at eighty-seven years of age, after deeds which are sure of a place in history, ho has to stand, a mental wreck, at the bar of n court of justice, and supply a new illustration of the satire of human fortunes ! Rut what bubble ever before blown by human breath can comparo with the Panama Canal? Not the South Sea Rubble itself, or the ill-fated JJarien venture, exceeded in scale and gorgeousness and disasteu the Panam» business. The company has 870,000 shareholders, . and included in ' ita lists probably, every seventh pea- sant in Prance. The capital raised and spent amounted to £75,000,000 sterling, of which one-third was' ex pendod in commissions, advertise- ments, bonuses, &c.; The canal fired the imagination of the French, since it promised to find a new channel for the commerce of half the world, and it wni expected to yield a harvest of more golden dividends than the Suez Canal itself. But the £75,000,000 have been as absolutely wasted as though they had boon emptied into tho Gulf Stream and the United States propose to make M.DH LESSEPS' heroicenterprise unneces- sary by cutting a rival canal through Nicaragua at one-fifth the cost. All that is left of the Panama Canal is a half-dug ditch, and a long line of human graves in Panama itself; and, in Franco, 870,000 shrieking share- holders, and a cluster of grey-hended directors, with M. DE LESSEPS at their head, in tho dock ! The Maltese washtub and the Panama Canal aro, wo repeat, object lessons in human credulity. Faith is supposed to be a puiely " religious foi co, inhabiting those lealms vvheie leason has but a limited otiice and the wnt of science does not run Wliero the pocket is concerned leason is suii posed to bo e\ceptionally vigilant, anil money is onlj invested on very definite evidence indeed Rut a thousand hcts piovo that, even in the lealmof finance illuminated with the di) light of «-tein common sense, man is a cieature ot quite stupendous gullibility The sketch of New Ral), which lias been watton by Mi PiruHtuh. OnuDTiicit Cm tonn and issued fi ora the Coveimncnt Pimting-olhte at Sjdnej, should be full of in terest and suggestiveuess to all \UK> aie vvoiking for the development ot the natuial lesouires of tho country Tho Italians who have founded tins little colony neal the Richmond Rivei, and who have leclanned i,000 acies fiom tho waste, hld no assistance save suchas was given bv then own skill andindustiy When the) landed in New South Wales they were ballied and disheartened men, strangers in a foreign country, possessing only the knowledge of agriculture that hail been instilled into them in their native land. Whatever means they had formerly possessed, they had lost iii the Marquis DI KAY'S disastrous colonisation scheme. When they «uno to Sydney, destitute and half-starved, they were spoken of with the sympathy that people naturally show to a ship- wrecked crew. And yet nothing was done in their behalf specially, either by the Government or the public. They were told in the kindest fashion that Now South Wales was open , to them. And - they ? have used the opportunity to show how districts that are regarded by many settlers as useless . may bo made productivo and profitable. When a few of them took up small selections near the Richmond Tiiver, tbo ground which they occupied was covered with timber, and the soil was supposed to be of au inferior sort. They were at some distance from the direct routes of communication willi the markets. Everything, in a word, was apparently against them. Without much capital to support thom, they had to undertake the arduous labour of clearing. The soil, after this heavy task had been accomplished, proved to lie jione of the best, and the fruit which they grew had to bo transported a consider- able distance to market. In the face of thcso difficulties tho modest success that they have achieved must be le garded .as most important. None of them has made a fortune, but the com- munity has been able to exist, until it is now fairly prosperous, and may in a short ' time become nourishing. Tina result is all tho more commend- able because it is due to men who were gulled and ruined by a lying prospectus that promised them comfort and ease with little labour, and who have made new homes for them- selves by hard work and unstinted energy. It will be noticed from the brief sketch which we give elsewhere that these Italian colonists made use of the timber growing on their selections. They entered into contracts with the Haihvay depart- ment, and every valuable tree that they felled was sold. This was the source of income on which they relied at first, and without it the little colony could never have been maintained. And, takingithis as an instance, Mr. CLIF- FORD is perfectly justified in denouncing the recklessness with which timber is wantonly destroyed throughout the . colonies. Ile refers to the fact that forests have been totally annihilated, and that the haulage of timber to the navigable rivers has increased from 10 to 50 or GO miles. The supply grows scarcer, the cost of bringing it to tho market greater, and the price higher. The deforestation of the country is a natural evil, inasmuch as it affects the climate ; it is a financial evil, inasmuch as it means that a vast amount of timber which ought to be put to a profitable use is utterly destroyed. Tho ono value which nature has given to the forest wilderness is thrown away. Instead of being conserved, so that it may aid the settler in bringing new products from the soil, it is dissipated. From such timbur as enabled tho Italians under wiso management to found their colony, the selector often expects nothing more than the value of the ashes which are left on the ground when he has burnt the trees. t Many causes, as a matter of course, have conspired to prevent the growth of the science of forestry in the colonies, The selectors have been anxious to clear the land in order to grow the ordinary agricultural products ; the miners have demanded a free hand in cutting timber ; the wood-splitters want to earn their livelihood as easily as possible, and object to reserves being closed against them. But the fact that the colony of New Italy has been main- tained and supported simply by the sale of the natural timber ought to convince everyone that the trees in Australia form a most valuable asset in the national prosperity, and that in each colony there ought to be a proper scientific system of forestry. The experiments made in New Italy have not been all successful. The in- habitants have found out, for instance, that their climate is not suitable for growing bananas, and that the soil is not favourable either for maize or sugar- cane. As a set-off, however, they can boast that a number of fruits, including especially the grape, flourish luxuriantly. We need not follow Mr. CLIFFORD in his remarks on the necessity of encouraging viticulture throughout the Australian colonies. Everyone is becoming aware that there are places in Australia so suited in soil and so tempered in climate that in the course of time they may produce wines which will rival the most famous vintages of the old world. We have but to point out for the present that the successful culti- vation of the grape or of other fruits can only be accomplished by skill and by peisistent industry. There are many of us who would not care to see the women and children working in the fields, as they have been compelled to toil in the little colony of New Italy. Settlements might be encouraged in the country districts without the necessity of compelling all the members of the family to work under a blazing sun. The Italians had no aid and had to live as best they could. But their career shows what may be done in Australia with land that the ordinary settler regards us worthless, when it is subjected to intense culture and tilled by people who know their business. And the secret of success will always so, as in the case of New Italy, in patient work, in the steady unrepining cultivation of small allotments, in cheerful labour, and in contentment with modest profits. Mr. Matthew Lang, the late Mayor of Mel- bourne, was elected yesterday without oppo- sition to fill the vacancy in the representation of the South Yarra Province in the Legislative Council caused hy the death of the late Sir .James MacBain. The ofiicial declaration of Mr. Lang's election will be made by Mr. H Balderson, the returning officer for the pro- vince, at the St Kilda Town- hall, at noon to- day. It certainly does not come well from the present Government to accuse the Oppo- sition of wasting time in connection with v otes of want of confidence whiuh have been pro- posed this Hessian. 'When Mr. Shiels und some of his colleagues were sitting in Oppo- sition to the GilHett-Ueukin Government in IS'JU, Mr. Munro tabled three actual \otes of want of confidence during that session, the debutes on whicli occupied 10 days ; while those proposed this session by Sir Henry Wrixon und Sirllryan O'Loghlen weie disposed of in us many hours. On the 22nd May, 1890, Mr. Munro moveu an amendment nu the address in leply to the Governor's speech, expressing regret that Parliament hud not been called together curlier, and that the Railway Construction lull waa not the first measure ol tin) session. The House at, once adjourned, and the debute un the motion extended over the 27th, 28th, und Bath of May, anil the .'ird, 4th, and Oth June, thus occupjing six lull iluys. The next vote of «ant of confidence was proposed by Mr. Munio on the fith August, when he moved that the financial accounts submitted by the Treuhuiy in delivering the Budget were unre- liable, uud should be referred back to him for correction. The House again udjouined beíoie I! p.m., and the debate lusted over the Util omi 7lli August, terminating on the latter date, nnd thus occupjing, two du)h. Tiiu.debate on the (third motion, on which the Government vvns ousted, begun on the ¡Mill October, mid finished on the following iluy, . limiting HUH in nil 10 ilu}8 spent in considering votes of want of confidence. On ench occasion Mr. Gillies intiinuted that the Governments vuia compelled to treat the motions us noj conlidence motions when they were tabled«1 Contrast this with the history of the actunl no confidence motions of this session. Sir Sir Henry Wrixon on the 23rd August Inst moved that the Budget proposals of the Government were unsntislnotory, and the delate ended the same night ; and the sume expedition was shown in disposing of the motion proposed by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen on Tuesday lnat. In euch instance only a little OUT four hours was spent in discussion. The settlement of disputes by nrbitrution lins proved very unsatisfactory, as far as the Government is concerned. Sir. Gillies, in addressing the members of the Législative Assembly on the subject last session, said Unit Hie Government vvns invariably " slnted" in nrbitrution cases. The Board of Lund and winks lins decided that, ns far as tile con- struction branch of the Bailwuy depaitnient is concerned, the settlements of disputes (arising out of contracts) by menus of urbi tuition shall cense. AU disputes in future nre to be settled by Hie cngineer-in-clnef alone, ns was done in former years. The clauses relating to arbitration, which hitherto appenred in the conditions of contract, will therefore he omitted, and aclnusc will appenr providing that nil matters of dispute must be leferred to the engineer-in-cliief for settle- ment. U the meeting of the Cabinet to be held on Monda), the replv sent by Chaffey liros Limited to the letter forwarded to them bj the Government containing the complaints made 1>.\ the settlers at Mildura regarding ulliged infringements of the indenture exist ni), betwien that firm and the Govi minuit vi ill be considered It is the intention of die Munster of Water Suppb to have the c iniplumtfl of tie settlers und the replj of the firm which was published in The Aigus of the lSth inst, ns well us Mr Howitts uport on the difficulty, printed in pninphlet f( nn and distributed among members of Hit legislative Assembly, BO that the) will lmv e an opportunity of understanding both si lis of the dispute before they consider the bill which Mr luvcrncr has introduced deal m., vv i ti i this v exed question HIL A\ater Supply department has com pilel a book showing all the river guugmgs malle in the colony up to the end of 18'H) lins authentic record of the volumes of w iter (low ing in the different strenms will be ? fgrtat service in computing the quantity available for diversion for nutation or lomestic supply purposes Gauging» have 1 ctu tal en daily for some 3 ears past of the lollowmg watercourses - Murray Mitta Mitta Kiewa Ovens, King, .Broken, Goul lum Catnpaspp Loddon, Wimmera, M Kinne und Glenelg riveis, und Mathers (nil 1 lie increase in the fuies for seaside excur tiona decided on b) the Acting Itiulway Com misionéis recentl) are now bLing enforced I he increase, general!) spenKing amounts to ni out one eighth more than the onginnl 1 ires but m regard to seaside places near (Melbourne the inciense is about one fourtli more J o give some idea of the effect of the lnerensea chnrges, the first class return fare from Armut, for instante, was £1 17s , but it is now £1 I'la Gd , nnd Hie second class fare has been mcieased from IHs Gd to £t <s ixl , from Ararat to Queenscliff the first elliss return fnre lius been increased from £1 . Jj Gd to £17s Gd , and ttie second class re turn from 13s to 18s Gd 1 he residents of the Ballurnt nnd Gren ville district Btrongly object to the restnc tions on cutting timber m the state foreBts nt J mtons mid Scarsdale which have recently been imposed by the forestr) branch of the 'Mining department, and the) vi ill wait on the Munster of Mines on M nines la) nexttoUBk lor their removal It is contended that the conditions insisted on bv the conservator of lorest8 hamper the obtaining of the necessar) timber to earn on the mining industr) 0 he ilepnrtmeut however, consider it essential to adhere to the regulations imposed so that the torists mn) be preseived from denudation, « Inch would be the result ii the indiscriminate eutting of timber which has prevailed until rctently were allowed to continue J he dentil sentence passed a few da) s ago nt the Benalla Assizes on a )oung woman named Mar) Fitzgerald will be considered at the meeting of the Cabinet on Monday 1 ltzgerald was a domestic servant at Craigie burn, nnd visited Wangaratta a few weeks «BO, where she gave birth to a child, winch »na afterwaids found drowned In a water hole It is considered unlikely Hint the sentence will be ordered to be tarried out \ shipment of 200 tons of butter will be sent to London to day by the R M S Oro) a Hie greater portion of the shipment is fat tut) made, and ia being exported under the supervision of the officers of the department of Agriculture. The Secretary of Trade and Customs re- ceived a telegram yesterday from Mr. Christey, the sub-collector of Customs at Warrnam bool, stating that a vessel named the Cen- turion had passed there at 'J o'clock yester- day morning (lying the signal for u pilot. Later on a second message was received from Mr.Chri8tey Btating thattheCenturion wasout of sight, proceeding towards Melbourne. . Ile presumed she was strange to the coast, and signalled for a coastal pilot. He did not think anything was wrong, because the' steamer Julia Percy passed within Bpeaking distance of her, and no appeal was made for assistance. The Hoard of Land and Works accepted the following tenders yesterday for posts for fencing the Warracknabeal to Jieuluh rail wuy :-Thos. White, 500 posts ; Chas. Mac guinness, 1,500 ; - Urquhart, 1,000; at £21U3. per 100. The vacancy in the head teacherehip of state school No. 1.SIIG, Windsor, has been filled by the appointment of Mr. William II. Powell. Detectives Considine and Cawsey, the officers deputed to investigate the shocking discovery of human remains at Hawthorn, have not so tar been able to find the slightcstclue to the mystery. Their inquiries np to the present have ull tended to disprove the theory that a ghastly practical joke has been committed, because they have es- tablished it us fairly certain that the body could neither have been spiiited iiwuy from any or the hospitals or from u disseotiiig room, nor could it well have passed through the hands of any undertaker. On the other bund, no direct evidence has been elicited to strengthen the theory of murder, and the in- vestigation is on all aides beset by difficul- ties, not the least of which Is the impossi- bility of definitely settling whether the amputated limbs were those of a male or a female. , Another step albeit a short one was mnde in the Dixson will case jesterdu) vi hen Mr Isaacs concluded his examination in thief of Mrs huth Dixson widow of the testator lind "Mr Purves QC on bihulf of the pro ponents commenced his cross examination of that lnd) Hie witness completed her story of Mr Dixson s drunkenness anti eirutit behm tour and bald that on one octa sion she asked a medical man to cull on him as she was of opinion that her nusbuid was not quite sane After her husband wintto Lntland for the last time she lollowed lum n feu months later and vuis stn)me, with friends in that toimtry when her husband died She was never mnde nware that he «ns so scnousl) ill and MUS VI r) much surpnaed v\h< ii jhe heard of his dentil Her daughter I limn went to see lu r father one during Ins visit to] noland but he wrote a letter iletliiiine, to be furthel trouble 1 w lill his lamil) uffnirs Hit cross examination was only commenced mid tuve no ver) deluute iden of the line the piopuneuts pro posed to tal e up in record to Mra Dixson s testimon) 1 he main point brought out w us that one of the testator s letters which Mr Purves described ns a ver) s mc nn 1 in some respects an aflectionate letter hal not been put in evidence b) the other side I his letter Mra Dixson sind she lind forgotten but she admitted that when she neu led italie noted it up with a view to future production Hie further healing oi the Cast was adjourned until Monda) next A petition v\us presented to Mr Tustice iMillinms in Chambers on lliursdn) pru)in" that the Beul Látate Mortgage and Deposit Bank I muted shoul 1 be wound upuuder tile supervision of the Court Hie petitioner was Mr Janies Sutherland a creditor of the bank His Honour directed til lit the petition should be heard on December s A motion for setting aside a composition which lind been made in the estate of Mr Henrj England, of Melbourne, tea merchant, w as set dow n tor hearing m the Insolveni) Court yesterday bilore Judge Molesworth, but when it was called on there vv us no up peiirance of purtles on either side His Honour said the application was made, amongst other things, to lame the «inca tiou whether, under the 54th sec tion ot the Insolvency Act, uu extra ordinary resolution of creditors should be passed by three fourths m number undvnlue of the créditais appealing on the statement ot the debtor, or vv hether it w as sufficient if it were passed bj three fourths of the creditors attending the meeting at which the composition wus ngiccd to Uthcr points w ere also to be determined m the ease The application was made us far back ns the 28th October, und, ut the instance of the part} apply ing, the matter li id been adjourned from time to time until j estadas, and vvlipn it was called on nobodj appeared to support it The result was, therefore, that the case must be struck out Whutever arrange ment had been nrnved ut between the purtles he had no knowledge of, but he would be more careful in the future in grunting ad journments in such cases It might be-he did notsaj it was so-that the powers of the Court were evoked meiel} to ennble the part} mov ing to make a satisfuetoi} anaiige ment for himself He had adjourned the ease from time to time, but now the part} making the application did not appear. 'J he powers of the Court had been moved foi some purpose of which he had no knowledge The I ease was then stiuekout An adjourned application was made in the Insolvenc} Court }esterdu} b} Mr C 1 'la} lor to fudge Molesworth fora certificate of discharge from his debts to be grunted to William, llisiker, of bouth Yurru, land and estate agent When the application was made on the previous I ruin} his Honour lind intimated that he did not see his wa) to grunt it, as the insolvent lind bein a hcuv) land speculator, owed £23 000 to creditors, and hail not nfarthing to pi) with .undtlinteveniflie did grant a certificate it w ould not be of an) use, because he could not dispi use with the condition m the act requiring p i) ment of 7s in the £ to «editors iesterduj he again stated that he bud us u rule refused to grant certifientes in such eases, but Mr 'lavlor drew his attention to a somew hat similar case in which, he said, a certificate had been granted His Honour stated that he would look into the ease mentioned mid adjourn the application foi a vvetk Mr lu)lor then asked his nono ir, if he found he could not grant the apphcution, whether he would state a case to the 1 ull Court with lcfereuee Slate ueiiat tu ine J un e.uuiu ",, iti«u wv to hiB luling His Ilonoui said he would be ver) glad if he could do so, but he could not lhere was power ior a Count) Court judge or for a Supreme Court judge to state a case for the 1 ull Court, but not for an msohencj judge He would ver) much like the opinion of the 1 ull Court on his decisions in such cases, and he was told that a purt) in such a cnse could get the opinion 01 that Court on the matter for £8 the case was then ad journed for a v\ etk Mr Maxwell applied, in the Insohenc) Court,)cterdoy for a release from court of the estate of James 1 homos Andeison and -\\\ ilham John Stritkland, ot Prahran iron mongers, the requisitemnjont) of tilt cn ditors having accepted a composition bl one farthing m the £' '1 lie application was mnde under the 131st section of the ntt, mid Mr Maxwell pointtd out that the creditois had prcv lousl) been paid Is Gd in the £, so that they wouldreall) receive Is GJd mtht£ His Honour said that an application vuis made m August for a certilicate of discharge to be granted to the insolvents, and he then refused it, although ttiej had paid Is Gd in the£ Hie) now ofleied their creditors n farthing m the £ composition, mid he would have to grant it if the application were mnde m regular form He was not in favour of these farthing compositions, as lie was not sure that they were for the beneht of trtditors, and, as he had pointed out beioic, there was a ruling in a case in Hnglund, where it was laid down that a composition of 3d in the £ was foi the benefit ol the debtoi and not of the treditoia Hie insolvent in tins cuse had plungid vvildl) into land speen lotions 'lhe affidavits were not sufficient, and he would adjourn the application so that the insolvents and their solicitor could lilt further allidov its showing that ns far as they knew, the signatures to the relense lind not been obtained by undue means and flint no trulitoi wns obtuinuu an) advantage over otheis When that was dont lie would further consider the application The case was then adjourned for one week. A certificate of discharge from his debts was ¡minted }esterdn) b) Tudge Molesworth in the Insolvency Court to Michael I affin, ot Itichniond, railway eniplon, on the motion ot Mr Garnison Members of the Chamber of Manu factures, in continuance of their custom of periodical inspections of Melbourne work shops, visited the works of the Expanded Met ii Company Limited, Capel street, North Mellourne, jesterda) The MSitors saw in work the three large machines by which metal trellis work of different gauges is rapidly manutactured, i band ol metal Sin broad j,omg into the machine at one end, and issuing us a piece of trellis 9ft long by3ft 6m broad The metal was shown fitted up m the )ards of the company in the different varieties of work to which it can be applied, such as orniment-vl garden fences, gutes, summer houses, fow 1 pens, LL , but the elnet use to which it is applied m America is as u substitute lor wooden laths in plaster work The ofhees erected on the eompan) s works were built ni this wa), and it was stated that in Chicago metal lathing wns compulsorv in all buildings over the height of si-sty feet, special concessions being given in lnsurince rutes where it u> exklusiv el) used Before Itnving the toast " Success to the Company ' was proposed by Mr S 1 loyd, the president of the Chamber or Manufactures Some very neat specimens of Victorian saddlery have been made bv Mr D Altson, ot Bourke street, which will fmd their wu) shortly to the Chicago 1 xhibmon I he tw o saddles were made to the order of Mr A\ H Caldtr, ot Couche, Calder, und Co, one of them a white buckskin hunting sidule, being for Mr T C A\ illmmson, of hichmond \ ir guim the principal m the well 1 nown tobacco expoiting linn of that n ime the second a la 1) a saddle intended fi r Mrs \\\ illuiniHon is of ver) beautiful workman ship 1 he main part is of hogsl in stitthed with white silk while the seit cave uni flaps are of Ienutifully inlaid white doeskin stitched with blue silk lins saddle which is a vtr) handsome one is fitted willi modern balante girths stirrups and other fittings, the) will be sent anuj shortly m the blup Linn M leo I the quurterl) general meeting of members ot the Culedomon Society of Melbourne was held last tveninc, Mr J Bljth (vieepresi dent) occup)in= the chair Several new membeis vire tlected It was deudt I thit a sum ot _0 guineas should be votel tow ords the Sir hunts MacHom memorial fund the deceased tentleman having bein tht lirst president and foim 1er ot the societ) Sever ii inemljers spot t in leeling terms ol regrtt ut the decease of the ex president, mil n fe i rid to the f,reat s)inpith) windi lit hal ulna)« evinced in tilt nffuirs and gather nits uf the so iel) Captuin \rtliur Devlin met v ith a some what serious accident lost ivenuij, coining out troin the Opu-house lie missed his footitiL, at tht last step and severe!) injured Ins ru,ht 1 nee He was taken to the Mel bourne Hoopitiil bv Constable Se) ton when tlie uijurj wus attended to but lie declined to remain there and vvns dm en to the resi 1 nee if Ins me hen! attardant Dr ljtte of Iit/rov, who accompanied lum home He was progressing favourablv at a late hour last night Captain Devlin is m Ins tUnil icar, and is a native ol Liverpool, New South Walis 'L\\\e Iltitmii of White'*, which Mr Alger- non Hourke issued on the eve of the bl centenar) of tins famous club, is, remarks the London Dailii Telegraph, a superb book, in itself and m its illustrations, and is one ot those publications which honest!) deserve the much abused title of édition de luxe . It also illustrates the wealth ofsocml chronicles embodied in the minute books of gathering places like the old world haunt in St James s street lnitswav, indeed, it is nn extract from the records of two centuries Tor \\\ hite s is not only the oldest ot existing clubs, but has been, after n career rather chequered within the last deciide, one of the most exclu sivc of its order Its traditions are those of the Tor) part, just as Urooks's chronicles ure linked with those of the once powerful Whigs It began in adn) w hen clubs w ere few and were still in the coffee house stage of their existence, and w hen the sort of men who in our times ure members of half ii dozen of these caiavnn«erais esteemed, like Dr lohnson, a tavern chun tho throne of human fehcit) " Whenever I lose u friend, sind George Silw)ii, "I go to 'Wlutib' und pick up another ' Most of the wita ot two centuries have hud some thing to sa) about it, and a bcore ot satirists from l'ope and Addison downwards have been ironical at its expense In the words of Ga), " the harness'd dum man nil) stands, and swings around his waist his tingling liniids ' It carne into existence in un a¿e when, us Mr Bourke justl) observes, clubs were either assemblies of men bound to gethcr by strong political feeling, like the vanished "October, ' smallgroupsof pluloso phils and rhetoricians who met to discuss abstract thiorns of ethics, like the " Hota, ' 01 bunds of choice spirits such as those whose questionable domgs found a historian m Ned Ward, of the London Spy " White s ' has outlived all of its contemporaries It was wel established before the last of the Stuarts left the throne, and among its members w ere man) men w ho lu lncd to set up the llunovennn d)nust) 'Hie nustocrntic Governments of the eighteenth centuiy were practicall) com posed of the le idmg members of White s All the Pi uno Ministers from Walpole to Peel, iindtheniajoritv of their colleagues, have been membeis, and most of the great sailors and captains w ho executed the schemes of these statesmen figure among the galleiy of portraits with which Mr Houike s noble quartos are embellished White's bus, therefore, a right to lank among the most venerable of our institutions It is a vein older than the Bank of longland , it has seen, and man) of its habituel have helped iii, the conquest of tlie Indi in 1 mpue, and some of them were milong the soldiers and politicians who lost the American colonies 'Hie sixth pinte of the "Hal esProgitss 'is a view of a toom ntVWutts It is just possible that were a like painting made of an afternoon gathering tudu), future generations might recognise among the faces not a few of those w ho have helped to rule England in the A ictonin eia \ correspondent of a Shanghai journal, writing irom Kiukinng on the \angtse, men tions that he bus seen n sieht w Inch is not often seen even in China I his is a man who bus tal in u vow to watch three lens ot his mothers |,rnvo 'I lit lud) died nt the end of Just jem, nndwss buried, is usual, on the suit ol a ntigiibourmg hill in the fonuly bui) iiv platt» AWicn the remains had been consigned to the eartn the son de dared that he would not leave the grave for three )tnra and so fur he bus been true to his word J he neighbours took upon themselves to provide for his wants, and a subs-ription list wns started, 111 piculs (11J11) each) of nee being contributed b. his relations and those w ho knew him 1 nimbes toke turns in preparing his food und bungin.? it to lum Others brought straw mid poles and mnde a rude hut for lum lur"e enough to contain himself and the grav e of his mother '1 he w riter saw him when lit hod airead) been nt Ins self ippomted tusk nearl) seven months, and so) s he will not soon forget the sight and smell. Around the hut there were three well kept groves, those of his father, brother, and wife, and inside, that of his mothei Dur mg ' the three )eors of his vigil he dora not wash himself, the straw upon which he lies is not removed, he does not change his clothes till the time has ex pired, he does not come out of the little place lor any cause whatever he speaks to none, except, perhaps, ottnsionnll), and then onl) bnell), to Ins nearest relatives LTe spends the time muttering prajersond burning in cense nt the head ot the tomb, along the length of winch he is stretched 1 he hut is not high enough to allow lum to stand up right, und is onl) a few feet longer tliuii lum self " One um faintly imagine the foulness of such a den nnd ti e condition of mi un shorn human being after Buch on existence, w hat he w ill be like at tht end of the Summer 1 tiinnot tonreive It does not seem po3 sible that a man should be able to live through three years of such horrors-none but a Chinaman could do it." If he survives the three years he will be highly honoured, the officials will go in state and receive lum, aiid report the matter to the throne, und he will receive from the liinperor's banda board containing four characters lauding )\\\a virtue. He may also receive some small .official preferment, and will thus.be well provided for. The natives say that, although he is alone on the hillside among the graves no I ghosts or devils will interfere with him, and poisonous snakes will not come near bim. Some ot the people were not quite sure what his motives were. Some saul, significantly, that he knew what he was doing-there was not v ery much to do, and at the end of three years Iving nt the grave, being fed by his friends, he would likely enough find a com- fortable support for the rest of his natural life. ' . . A "meadow party" is .'to be held at Toronto, Orrong-roud, Toorak, this after- noon, on behalf of St. Albans Church, Armadale, for which an extensive programme of amusement and interesting entertainment has been prepared. Mrs. Skinher,' mayoress of Prahran, is to perform. the opening ceremony tit 2 o'clock. A cake fuir will be held during the afternoon, and stalls for fancy goods, flowers, and iruit'will be pro- vided. A number of side, shows have been arranged, including troops of performing dogs and monkeys, merry-go- round, Le A special feature of the afternoon's proceedings will be u parade of Highlanders and also Highland dances (in costume), by a party of Highlanders from the Caledonian Society. The bund of the 2nd Victorian llegiment will supply the music. The Tramway Company will allow transfers to the Toorak tram line tis on a former occasion. ' ' ' ' The first annual festival of the'Minis'ering Children's League will be held in the Town hall, Melbourne, on Saturday afternoon next. TheMo) or of Melbourne has consented to take the choir, and the speakers will be the Bishop of Melbourne, the lievs. Dr. JJevan, J. I1'. Macrae, and II, Howard. Friends and chil- dren of all denominations, whether belong- ing to the league or not ore invited to attend, mid the Ministering Children nre invited to bring their iriends. Children can bring gifts if they choose, but this is not compulsory. There will be no collection. , The Intercolonial Lawn TennisTournnmenr, which has been proceeding during this week on the Warehousemen's Cricket-ground, St. Kilda road, will be brought to a conclusion to tiny. The contest of most interest to-day is the final for the Singles Championship, which will be fought out between Green and Balfour, and which begins ut 11 n.m. His Kxcellency the Governor will be present to see tlie finish of this match, reaching the ground nt hnlf-past 11. The Ladies' Singles Until will also be played in the morning : mid in the afternoon the finnis for the Doubles Championship and the "lidies' Doubles will be contested, besides other mutches of interest. Advertisements under the heading "Dress and Fashion" nre published on page G of to» duy's issue The Mayor of Melbourne, at lion, treasurer of the BauDaiu Memorial Fund, desires to acknoulediro rrceipt of the folloulug additional subscripüous :-Sir Heim' W'rkon, £5 5s.; Sir. Oeo. Meares, JUG r>9.; Mr. T. U. ía> ne, f/lôs. It is announced by the IMucation department that tile date of the military drill examination for teachers has been altered to December 17, and the date of entry to December S. i In The Aryiis of jesterday our Ballarat corres* pondent reported that at the horticultural show In that rilya special first prize was awarded foradesbciD table to .Mr. Thomas Webb, or Melbourne. Wo are (I ed I red too\plain tliat the table was shown by Thoa. Webb and Sons Limited, or Ballarat and Melbourne. < Attention Is desired to be directed to un adveitise ment in todav's hsue of the Cambrian Choral Society, which is an\ious to augment the number of Us members. The Hay Excursión Company announce that the p.s. Ozone will leave the Port Melbourne railway pier at 3 p.m. to-moirow, calling at St. Kilda at 10 minutes past 3 p.m., and proceeding to Mentone and Mordialloc, lea* Ing the latter place on return at half past ü p.m. Last Sunday afternoon's trip was a gleat Kucccüs, 01 cr 1XJI) passengers being on board, a créât I number of whom embarked at r*t. Kilda. I A Barden party and Ch rib ti ima ffte in aid i of the funds of St, Columb's Church, Haw. thorn, will be held at the residence of Mr. James Paterson, The Terricks, Burwood-rood, Hawthorn, during the afternoon and evening; of Saturday, Uni December. Tho lion, sec* i-etary, Mr. 11. J. Prockter, lias arranged an Interest' Ing series of entertainment«, By permttkslon of Lieut.-Colonel Templeton the military, band of the ¿ml Victorian Reuimeiit will -fi\o their sónicos. The «rounds will be illuminated in the evening, when an lnbtrniuental and vocal concert will be held in the moonlight. < The Senior Cadets' Battalion Band will play a pro* gramme of music this etcntmr in the new* Victoria* pavilion, Esplanade, Middle-park. A cake fair, the proceed* of whlcii arc to be given to the choristers' fund of Holy Trinity Church, is to be held to day in the Recreation-hall, Kew. The sale will be opened at 8 p.m., by Mrs. Coe, and will be held in the afternoon and evening., Mr. Max Hirsch, president of the Single Tax Leairue, will «ive an address "The Landslide in the btaUs," dealing with the late Presidential election in America, and the question of free trade and protec- tion in (hat country, on Monday evening, at the Bourkc-street Coffee-palace. The public are in* Uted. Members of the Elsternwick University, Extension Centre are notillcd that the examination on the sub- ject of the recent course of lectures will be held on Friday, December 0. Intending candidates are re- quested to communicate as soon as possible with the secretan', from whom further particulars may bo obtained. The St. John Ambulance Association announces that a women's first aid class examination will be held at the town-hall, Prahran, on Monday, at 3 o'clock, Miss Parsons, Sah-Luina, Balaclava-road, East St. Kilda, acting as lion, secretary. The choir of St. Paul's Cathedral will sing Spoht's " Last Judgment" on Wednesday evening, December 7, when a short add reba will lie given by Canon Carlisle. The sen ice will commence at half past 7. v , pas. 7. y t , Anniversary Eon lees will beheld nt Stí George's 1 Church, Ko\a.-park, to- moirovv-in the morning by I the Rev. A. Toomath ; afternoon (children's service), Air. F. S. II tu den ; .evening, Kev. O, J. Armstrong. The annual tea meeting and concert will he held on i Thursday, December 1. 1 Competitors for the special prizes in connection M ith the J'tte to bo held in the grounds of Christ Church, South Yarro, on Saturday, December 3, aro requested to leave exhibits with the verger on the Saturday morning. Tile Council of Trinity College decres to give notice thal, in addition co the open scholarships and exhibitions already announced, which nre to be com« petcd for at the annual examination beginning cn the 12th prox., there will be several theological scholarships o (Te red at the same time for candidates Intending to take Holy Orders in the diocese of Mel- bourne. In addition to the ordinary Mary Armytage Scholarship, which has just become vac-ant,. Ino other scholar-hips on the same foundation aro | offered pi o hoc vice, and are open to all stndonte, i whatever may he their university standing, who 1 have been for not leys than tv\o \ears pupils at the Geelong Grammar School. Further jjarnculars can ? be obtained bv applj ing at the college. | The monthly committee meeting of the Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent Society was held at Mossgiel, Bruuswick'-trpet, Fitzroy, on Wednesday, 23rd fnst. Present-Mrs. Ii. Abrahams (president, in the chair), Mn. S. Dav is (treasurer), Lady Benjamin, Mesdames M. A. Alexander, II. P. Hams, S. Abrahams, 51. Cohen,.I. Abrahams, II. Goldberg, L, Levy, and S. Motts. The expendiiuro for the inorrth vyat ¿1$ lös.., and 25 cases of very great distress were relieved. Mesdames S. Davis and S. Tartakovcr were appointed us v Islting committee for the ensuing month. The committee of the South Melbourne Ladies* Benevolent Society rcuort having relieved lift owes during the fortnightemlhigN'ovember 2_. The expen dim re amounted to £2f> M*, lûd. Donations In money or clothing will be thauMüllv leeeived by the lion. treasurer, Mrs. D. A. Madden, :t0 Canterbury-road, South Melbouinp; or by the lion, secretary. Miss M'Grill, llillholme, Bank-stieet east, bomb Mel- bourne. 