THE EARTH TREMBLED. BY THE REV. E. P. ROE. ( Continued) CHAPTER XLIY. HOPE TDRNED INTO DREAD. CLANCY was guided by the voice of Aun' Sheba, the wailing of Sissy, and the groans and unearthly sounds to which Uncle Sheba was giving utterance. The adjacent fire was so far subdued that only a red glow in the sky above marked the spot. The stars shone in calm, mocking serenity on the wide scene of human distress and fear. ' Alas I ' he thought,' What atoms we are, and what an atom is this earth itself 1 It would seem that faith is the simplest, yet mightiest effort of the mind at such a time ;' and he paused till Aun' Sheba should be more free to listen to him. Mr. Birdsall, with his youngest child in bis arms, had beeD exhorting those of the people near him, but his words had been of little effect in quieting Sissy and Uncle Sheba. The latter had concluded that he would not wait till the coming winter before again' 'speriencin' 'ligion,' and his uncouth appeals to heaven were but the abject expression of animal fear. Aun' Sheba had lost her patience with both him and her daughter, and was expostulating vigorously. * I'se asham' on you, Sissy,' she said. Wot good de 'ligion you fess do yo', I'd iike ter know ? Ain't Vilet in heben 1 Ain't yer got de bes' husban' bawn 1 Ain't de oder chil'n heah 1 Now ef you'se 'ligion any good 'tall, be quiet an' tankful dat you bettah off dan hun'erds. Une. you kin pray all you wants, but ef you specs de Lawd ter listen, you'se got ter pray like a man an not like a hog dat wants his dinnah. You'se 'sturbin' everybody 1 wuss dan you did when you got sot on. I won' hab it said my folks made a rumpus in dis time ob trouble. You'se got ter min' me, Mr. Buggone, or I'se hab you took out de squar'.' Uncle Sheba was never so far gone in his fears but that he shrank from facing anything worse, and so he subsided into low, inarticulate groans. Sissy was not BO tractable, for her weeping was largely nervous and hysterical. She had an affectionate, emotional nature, but was far from being gifted with the strength of mind and character possessed by her mother and husband. 'Aun' Sheba,'said Clancy, kindly,'your daughter needs something to quiet her nerves ; I will bring it to her.' He soon returned with medicine from the doctor, and under its influence the bereaved mother became calmer, and wept softly by her dead child. Clancy drew Aun' Sheba a little apart, so that others could not hear, even if they were disposed to listen at this time of intense preoccupation. ' You have been a friend indeed to-night,' he said. ' I must ask another proof of your goodwill. The earthquake has brought trouble enough, but I fear that Mara and I have brought greater trouble upon ourselves. Probably you've seen enough to explain what 1 mean.' I've seen a heap, Marse Clancy.' ' Well, you are Mara's old nurse. She loves and trusts you. She is engaged to Captain Bodine.' She ain't married to 'im.' ' She feels herself bound, and has said if I was a true Southern gentleman I wouid not interfere. This is bad enough, but there is worse still. I thought she was lost to me—you know about it I reckon.' ' Yes, I knows now. I was a blin' old fool, an' tink it was wuckin' 60 hard dat made her po'ly.' ' Oh, we've made such fatal mistakes ! I, like a fool, when I believed she would never speak to me again entangled myself also. Now, Aun' Sheba, what I wish is that you say nothing to anyone of what you have seen and heard. We've got to do what's honourable at every cost to ourselves.' ' Does wot's hon'ble mean dat Misse Mara got ter marry Marse Bodine, an' you de limpsey slimpsey one what say you '6erted her ?' ' Nothing else seems to be left for us.' ' Pears ter me, Marse Clancy, you an' Misse Mara gittin' orful muxed up in wots hon'ble. I'se ony got what folks calls hoss-sense, but it'6 dead agin ye bofe Take you now. "Fust yon got ter tell the gal lies, den lies ter her fader and de minister wot jines you, an hull world'. Misse Mara ud hab ter lie like de debil too, an' yo bofe go on lyin' 'miscuously. Anyhow you'se hab ter act out de lies if you didn't say ,em. Ud dat be hon'ble wen all de time you'se yearnin' for each oder ?' ' Oh, Aun' Sheba, it's hard enough without such words as yours 1' ' Ob corse it's hard. It orter be, fer it's agin de Lawd on' natur'. Marse Clancy, took kere wot you do an' wot you let Misse Mara do. My 'sperience teach me a heap. S'pose I don't know dediff'nee 'tween Une. dar an' a man like Kern 1 I was young an' foolish onst, an' married Uuc, kase he was good-lookin' den, an' mo' kase he ax me. Well, I's made de bes' on it, an' I'se gwine ter make de bes' on it, but if de yearth crack right open heah, as like nuff 'twill 'fo' mawnin' I'd jump right down in de crack'fo'I do it oberagin. You'se on de safe side ob de crack yet, so be keerful. I knows women-folks soon as I claps my eyes on dem. Misse Mara quar in her notions 'bout de Norf— she was bruDg up to 'em—but dere's nufE woman in my honey lam' to make a toucan ob die yere limpsey Biimpsey j one.' Clancy clenched his hands in mental distress as he listened to the hard sense and unerring judgment of the sagacious old woman. ' I'm in terrible perplexity,' he said, ' for there iB so much truth in your words. How can I escape the consequences of my own acts 1 Think how Miss Ainsley stood by me in my unconsciousness I When I revived ' ' Dar now, Marse Clancy, you'se been fooled, she stood by hersel-. De fac' am she didn't stan' 'tall, but run like a dear, hollerin fer all she's wuth. Wen you swoonded Misse Mara cotch you in her arms. eben run away an' lef' my honey lam' mysel', but I come back sudden, and dar she was a hol'n you head in her lap right un'er a big bildin' dat ud a Bquashed her. I drag you paBs dat, an' den Marse Bodine jis ordered me, an' Missee to go to de squar'. He spoke stern an' strong, as if we his sogers. An' Misse Mara look 'im in him eyes an' say you— dac'syou, Marse Clancy—may be dead, or you may be dyin', an' dat she can't leab you an' 9he won't leab you. She got de grip ob true lub, an' dere'll neber be any runnin' away in her heart. Wot you and Marse Bodine gwine ter do 'bout sich lub as dat 1 Fo' de Lawd, my honey lam' die ef you an Masse Bodine 'sist on bein' so orful hon'ble. She ain't one dem kin dat takes a liusban' like dey takes break fas', kase it's ready.' Clancy was so profoundly moved by what ne heard that he turned away to hide his emotion. After a moment he said,' You have been true and faithful, Aun' Sheba. You won't be sorry. Please do as I have asked.' And he hastened away. ' Reckon I put a spoke in dat hon'ble business,' Aun' Sheba soliloquised. ' Like 'nuff I put anoder in, don' cotch me hep'n' along any sich foolishness. I gibs no promise an' I'se gwine to make my hoLey lam' happy spite mysel'.' Then she took one of her grandchildren and soothed it to sleep. The slow hours dragged wearily on; the majority of the white people quieted down to patient yet fearful waiting; crying children one after another dropped off to sleep ; parents and friends watched over them and one another, conversing in low tones, or praying silently for the Divine mercy, never before felt to be so essential. The negroes were more demonstrative, and their loud prayers and singing of hymns continued without abatement or hindrance. The expressions of some were so extravagant and uncouth as to grate harshly on all natures possessing any refinement, but when such men as Mr. Birdsall exhorted or prayed, there were but few among the whites who did not listen reverently, and iu their hearts acknowledge the substantial truth of the words spoken, and their need of the petitions offered. Clancy went back to his watch. Few men in the city were more troubled and perplexed than he, for he had not the calmness resulting from a definite purpose, as was true of Bodine. Unmovedly the two men remained at their posts of duty awaiting the day, or what might happen before tbe dawn. George lay down beside his father, and soon slept from fatigue, while Mr. Houghton, no w so softened and chastened, vowed to make him happy. Ella watched her father in deep solicitude, feeling vaguely that his trouble was not caused wholly by the ceneral reasons for distress. At last she stole to his Bide and laid her head upon his shoulder. The act comforted and sustained him more than she knew at the time, for he was not a demonstrative man. He only, kissed her tenderly, and bade her return to her cousin, with whom she carried on a whispered and fragmentary conversation. Mrs. Willoughby sat beside her husband, her head pillowed against his breast as they waited for the day. A bTeeze sprang up and the freshness of the morning was in it. Would the sun ever rise again 1 Was not nature so out of joint that nothing familiar could be looked for any more ? The terrors of the long night inspired moibid thoughts, which come too readily in darkness. At the appointed time, however, thero was a glow in the east, which steadily deepened in colour. Truly, to the weary, haggard, shivering, half-clad watchers the sun was an augel of light that morning, and never did fire-worshippers greet his rise with a deeper feeling of gratitude and gladness. There was a general stir in the strange bivouac, an increased murmur of voices. The hymns of the negroes gradually ceased, and people, singly or in groups, began to leave the square for their homes, in order to clothe themselves more fully, and to discover what was left to them in the general wreck. There had been no shock since the convulsion at half-past two, the" fact inspiring a general confidence that the worst was over. Hope grew stronger with the blessed light, and fear vanished with the darkness. Mr. Houghton touched his son, who immediately awoke, meditating deeds of hospitality. ' Father,' he said,' our house is near. Cannot I, with the aid of Jube and Sam, get OUB friends some breakfast 1' Yes, George, aud extend the invitation from me.' ' Oh, Father, I'm so grateful that you are giving me this chance to—to—* • You shall have all the chance you wish, In fact I,m rather inclined to see what I can do myself. I may need a good deal of nursing,' and the old man's face was lighted up with a kindly smile, which made his son positively happy. Approaching Bodine he asked, • Do you think it will be safe for tbe invalids to leave the square 1' ' I scarcely think so,' was the reply. • At least not untill more time passes without disturbance. Erom what I've read of earthquakes, our houses may be unsafe for days to come.' ' Well, the first thing to be done is to see that you all have your breakfast. Fortunately, our house is not far, and, although our women servants have fled, I have two men who will stand by me. The fact is, my hunting expeditions have made me a fairly good cook myself. My father cordially extends the invitation that oil my jriends here breakfrst with us.' " I wiil join you in your labours, Houghton," said Clancy promptly. " Having no home, 1 gratefully accept your father's invitation." " We're all shipwrecked on a desert island," added Mrs. Bodine, cheerily, to George. " You appear to be one of the friendly natives, and I put myself under your protection." " Our custom here is," replied the young fellow in like vein, •' that after we have taken 6alt together we become fast friends." " Bring on the salt, then," she answered, laughing, while Ella's smile seemed to the young fellow more vivifying than the first level rays of the sun. Mara, Mr. Hunter, and Miss Ainsley were still sleeping, as also was Dr. Devoe. ' Houghton,' called Mr. Willoughby. ' won't you enrol me as one of your cooks or waiters ?' ' No,' replied George,' I must leave you and Captain Bodine in charge of camp.' ' Too many cooks spile de brof,' said Aun' Sheba, rising from Mara's side, where she had been watching for the last hour. " Marse Houghton, you berry fine cook fer de woods I spec, but I reckon I kin gib a lil extra tich to de doings.' Ah I Aun' Sheba, if you'll come, you shall be chief cook, and I for one promise to obey. Mrs. Willoughby, I'm so very glad that I can now return a little of your kindness.' « x take back what I said about absolving you, she whispered. • You'd better. If I don't make the most of my chance now, my name is not George Houghton. Of course I shan't say anything while these troubles last. You understand, I don't wish anything to happen which would embarrass her, or make it hard to accept what 1 can do for her and hers, but when the right time comes,' and he nodded significantly. ' You are on the right tack, as you boatmen say,'she whispered, laughing. 'See here, Houghton, remarked jolly Mr. Willoughby, 'earthquakes and secret conferences with my wife are more than a fellow can stand at one and the same time.' ' You shall soon have consolation.' said George, hastening away, followed by Clancy, Aun- Sheba, Jube, and Sam. When the last-named worthy appeared near Mr. Houghton's barn, the horses whinnied, and the two dogs barked joyously. ' Mr. Clancy,' Baid George, handing him his pocketbook, 'since you have kindly offered to aid, please take Jube and visit the nearest butcher shop and bakery. I suggest that you lay in a large supply, for we don't know what may happen. Please get eggs, canned dilicacies, anything you think best. Don't spare money. Help yourself if owners are absent. I will honour all your I O U's.' ' All right, Houghton, but remember that I'm an active partner in this catering business. Fortunately I don't need to go to the bank for money.' Aunt Sheba exclaimed over the evidences of disaster along the street, but when she saw what a wreck Mr. Houghton's massive portico had been become she lifted her hands in dismay. " That don't trouble me,' said George,' since I'm not under it. I passed beneath a second or two before it fell.' ' De Lawd be®praised ! Pears ter me He knows wot He 'bout, an' is gwine ter bring down pride ez well ez piazzers.' ' It loooks that way, Aun' Sheba. Here, Sam, make the kitchen fire before you do anything else. Now we must rummage and see what we can find.' Aun' Sheba took possession of the kitchen, and with broom, mop, and cloths soon brought order out of chaos. Sam found that although the chimney had lost its top it fortunately drew, and the fire in the range speedily proved all that could be desired. George ravaged the store closet until Aun' Sheba said, ' Nuff heah already ter feed de squar.' Then he went up and looked about the poor wretched home, meanwhile setting Sam to dusting chairs and carrying them to the square. Then a table, crockery, knives, forks, spoons, napkins, &c.;, were dispatched. Clancy and Jube found that the proprietors of some of the shops were plucking up courage to enter them and resume trade, and so they eventually returned well laden with provisions. Then Jube was sent with wash-basins, water, and towels for ablutions ; meantime George and Clancy took a hasty bath ,and exchanged their ruined clothing for clean apparel. • Houghton, you are a God- sent to us all,' exclaimed his friend. ' I suppose the whole affair is a Godsend,' was the rep ly. ' Anyway, I'm getting my satisfaction out of it this morning.' As sprightly Mrs Willoughby saw the appliances for their comfort following one after another, she said to Ella,' We may as well make believe that it is a picnic.' Ella smiled and replied, 'I'm better dressed for breakfast than you ara, for I have on a wrapper, and you are in low-necied evening costume.' ' I feel as if I could eat a breakfast all the same. What creatures these mortals be I A little while ago I was in the depth of misery, and now I'm hungry and kind of happy.' ' Oh, you are,' said her husband, ' when you may have to take in washing for a living, while I shovel bricks and mortar.' ' No, indeed,' cried his wife, ' I'll join the firm of Wallingford and Bodine, and you can help Aun' Sheba peddle cakes.' ' That's right, children,' said Mrs. Bodine, ' That's the true brave Southern spirit. We are all born soldiers, seamen ratbeT, since the land has been as freakish as the waves. Now mind, I'll send the first one below who shows the white feather.' Mr. Houghton lay apart fromjthis group, and, while he felt his isolation, knew that he was to blame for it. They also felt the awkwarkness of their situtation, not knowing how far he was willing or able to converse with them. Mr Willoughby was about to break the ice, but Ella forestalled him. ' Mr. Houghton,' she said, timidly approaching,' is there anything we can do for you 1 We are all so grateful,' Yes, Miss Bodine. Forget and forgive.' There seems very little now to forgive, and we do not wi6h to forget your kindness.' • Good Lor J ' whispered Mrs. Bodine to Mrs. Willoughby. ' I couldn't have turned a neater sentence myself.' Well, Miss Bodine,' resumed Mr, Houghton,' I suppose we shall have to let bygones be bygones. Now that sunshine and brightness have come we should not recall anything painful. I trust that the worse is over, but our courage may be yet sorely tried. I will esteem it a great favour if you and your friends will accept without reluctance what my son can do for your comfort.' Ella could not repress a little laugh of pleasure as she replied.' It is too late now to affect any reluctance. We owe him so much that we might as well owe him more.' Then, ever pratical, she arranged a screen to shade his face from the sun's rays. Mr, Willoughby now came up and spoke in a friendly way of the probable effects of the disaster upon the city, and so the touch of mutual kindness began to make them kin. Mrs. Hunter began to moan and toss, and this awakened Miss Ainsley, who looked round wonderingly. Mrs. Willoughby in low tones recalled what had happened, and explained the present aspects of affairs. Mrs. Bodine performed the same office for Mara, who also had been roused by the voices near. The girl's habit of self-control stood her in good stead, and she immediately rose, gave her hand to Bodine in greeting, and then knelt beside her Aunt. Seeing Mara so near Miss Ainsley quickly rose also, and moved away in instinctive antipathy. Mrs. Hunter was feverish, and evidently very ill. She was unable to comprehend what was taking place, but recognised Mara, whose soothing touch and words only had power of quieting her. Ella bathed Mrs. Bodine's face and hands, and enabled her to make ' the ghost of a toilet,' as the old lady said. Then Ella whispered,' I wish I ! c could do aa much for Mr. Houghton.' 4 1 dare you to do it,' said Mrs. Bodine, with a mirthful gleam in her eyes. Ella caught her spirit, and without hesitation, although blushing like a rose, went to Mr. Houghton «,nd asked,' Will you please let me bathe your hands •also?' ' Why, Miss Bodine, I should not expect such kindness from you. I can wait till my son returns.' 4 He is doing so much that he will be tired. It would give me pleasure if you will permit it. In waiting on my cousin I've learned to be not a very awkward murse,' 'Well, Miss Bodine, lam learning that even earthl quakes can bring pleasant compensations. You shal have your own way. Yes, you are a good nurse, and a brave patient one. Your kindness to that poor creature •who died in your arms touched my heart.' 4 And mine, too, Mr. Houghton. She told me a very rpitiful story.' ' You shall tell it to me sometime, my dear.' Her heart thrilled as he gently spoke these words, 'George, striding up with a great platter of steak, almost dropped it as he saw the girl waiting on his father as if filial relations were already established. The old <man enjoyed his look of pleased wonder, and when he •had a chance whispered—' I'm getting a head of you boy. I don't want yours or Jube's clumsy hands around me any more.' Mrs. Bodine put her head under the blanket and shook with silent laughter. {To be Concluded.) 