<TI|e Cairns îi ost. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBEB 24. 1S03. Elections Act Amendment. Tlic discussion iu the Assembly on Tuesday last was interesting in the ex- treme, particularly when it is coupled with a calm consideration of the names advertised by thc newspapers of the colony as liable to be struck oft the roll. The Labour Party, the Capitalistic Party, or any other party has no interest in retaining on the Electoral Koli the names of persons »lead or gone, or van- ! islied in some mysterious way,' and the urstuhiln inlellisxeiit electors who aro now in tho better land, or thc cemetery or the prison, have no just cause for complaint. But the injustice comes home with twenty ton power to such persons, who. as citizens, should bc en- titled to vote, and who by some sudden twisting or turning of thc Act, not otily fiud themselves deprived of a vote, but discover that they are advertised like a lost dog or a horse that has strayed. Yv Imo it eau bc taken for granted that all the so-called parties making up the so-called politics o! Queensland desire to disfranchise the dead, the left and the ghosts ot' the old Electoral-Koli, I can it be argued that any particular party is anxious to deprive men that are living and working in Queensland of their right to have a voice in the re- turn of Parliamentary representatives? We think not, and \et the suspicion is abroad that the new Act is being used in,an unworthy manuev;and that the authorities'cxercisc a little brief power to the detriment of thc working classes.. J)ecii!e<)ly the tremendous number of names at present' advertised ;as . called into uuestion leaves the Government on tho horns of a dilemma-either a" frightfully iax state;».of? arrairs'exfstefd in lSiil, orit is intended that a very stiff state of things shall exist in ISiri. The members who, iu the discussion in thc Assembly, attributed blame to thc Electoral .Registrars were wrong, inas- much as these ' olficials have merely carried out a very onerous and diffi- cult duty in accordance with official instructions. It is the Act that is to blame for thc' 'excitement now existing in tho minds of those Tiona fide electors who have beeii notified that they will be struck , off : the list, uiiless ac great inconvenience Jhev afc teKa'the'Kevision üönrt'itnä- cläintrthcir rights. With regard to the length of time it would take a Police Magistrate to adjudicate on a few hundred con- tested claims for voting.. rights" we should not like to hazard a guess, hut it is tolerably certain,, that rather than face the ordeal of being treated asa, suppliant or a criminal by any Bench, many.of the ought to be free and inde- pendent voters will let the matter drift.* WMieu tho Govormnont has had its turu and purged the Electoral Koli of airdipeordaiit elements it is difficult" to see where fresh voters will come froui. it is tolerably certain tIiat.the«ou>adit',-; the drifting and working population of Queensland, will be disfranchised alto- gether, as it goes " without saying (for reasons that heed iiot be particularized) that m> if,P, will run the risks of attest- ing any doubtful cláiii). the whole affair front beginning to,eiid see.ins,.tQ b.o in a muddle. The 'viphristérs 1 give " soft answers, to turn away wrath, to ajl objectors, and theis apparently 'giyo. contniryinstruetions to Electoral iiogisV trar^and play up on those unfortunate individuals as the monkey, in the fable,! endeavoured io do wit!; the caf in' get- ting the chestnuts out of. the ii rp. 