Our Tuesday's Tale. A WIFE WORTH HAVING. THE old ship Vincent seemed to be one of those craft that, according to the theory of sailors, are doomed to ill fate. James Marshall, a young man from New port, R.I., had been her captain for five years, and during that time she had been twice "knocked down;" once had she carried away her foremast, and at the time of which we write the old ship was docked at Liver- pool undergoing repairs from a serious damage she had received during a heavy gale in St. George's Channel; but in all these mishaps the owners had been forced to acknowledge that the young captain was entirely free from blame, while, on the other hand, he had made better "time" in his trips than any other master had ever been able to get out of her. The last damage which the Vincent re ceived proved to be the occasion of the dawning of a new era in the life of Cap taiu Marshall, for, while waiting in Liver pool for his ship to be repaired, he fe'.l in with a New England girl named Emma Ramsay, the eUest duughler of the agent who did the business for the Vincent's owners, and ere long they discovered that between them there existed a peculiar feeling of mutual love. Captain Marshall popped the delicate question, Emma con sulted with iier papa,! and at length she consented to become Mrs! Marshall. It was a happy day for all when the mar riage took place, for, from the known characters of the bridegroom and his beautiful bride, all felt sure that the match would prove one of peace and con tent. The Vincent was once more ready for the sea. Her cargo was all ou board, and shipped for Hoston, and Emma had re solved to accompany her husband to the United States. For a number of days the weather was pleasant and the wind was fair, while Captain Marshall himself felt supremely bappy in the delightful company of his wife. The old sailors shook their heads as they saw the gentle Emma pacing the deck, and they very mysteriously asserted that /' such plea sures could not always last, and so in deed it proved ; for at the close of a plea sant day, when they were within three or four days' sail of their destined port, 11 things began to look auything but agree able. A way to the sduth'td and east rd the horizon began to assume a sort of inky blackness, with her® and there a ghost-like, livid spot, while on all bands the heavens had changed their ethereal blue for a cast of deeper and more fearful import. ■ " 1 Captain Marshall felt, as he had never felt before on the approach of a storm. For Iiimseif, for his ship, he had no thought then. There was one on board who engrossed his every sympathy—for his young wife he felt a degree of intense anxiety that was painful ; but he forgot 1 not his doty^ and with comparative calm ness he set about it. The courses were hauled oil and snugly furled, the lighter sails taken in, and the lofty yards and top-gallant masts sent on deck, and the three topsails close reefed. ; 1 Long before the sun went down the un dulating ocean had assumed almost, the blackness of night, and not many mo ments elapsed after the spars had been secured upon the deck ere the storm burst upon the ship. It was a regular south-easter,. and those who have en countered one of these storuis in the gulf 1 know something uf their power. Higher and higher rose the mighty tempest until : • at length it was found necessary to take ' in the topsails and trust to the fore and main storin staysails a lid a balance reefed spanker. In this way the ship layto till morning, the gale increasing every hour. Captain Marshall trusted that when the sun rose on the nest day the storm would abate, but in this he was disappointed,for a part of the forenoon he was actually 1 obliged to scud before it. It was not un til two staysails had been torn from their bolt rope that lie fully explained his an ticipations and the extent of his fears to bis wife. " Emma, ' said he. "I wish I had not( brought you with nie." " Why so?" she asked, as she gazed up into her husband's face with apparent astonishment. , '•Why so? Do you not: comprehend our danger ?" 14 But the ship does not leak, does it.?" returned Emma with remarkable cool mess. ■ ■.•■.. . "'NO." , i . "Then let us not f-ur the storm. I was born . upon the Atlantic, and I feel that I can yet trust to my native element." The captain was astr ni=hed at this trait in his wife's character, and, clasping her iti bis arms, he felt his own soul swelling with a new life. r " Emma," he said, as he gazed more affectionately linn ever iiitu her face,, "my heaviest fears are past. For you ■ alone have I feared the most j now X can calmly tell you w herein lies our aanger. This storm has driven us far out of oui course, and iwice have we been scudding before it. 1 fear that the coast of Maine cannot be far to the leeward, and of that coast I know nothing save ...what I may gather front my chart. For us u. layto is next, to impossible. The rising sea has rendered our staysails useless, and I have been obliged to set the close reefed main topsail, but she cannot hold, it long." v. "My husband," returned Emma, "tfadugh you may know nothing of the coast of Maine, yet there are but few spots along her rugged shores that are not as playgrounds to me. My father was for years a surveyor of her islands and harbours, and I was his companion. To me her cliffs imd inlets present nothing that can alarm nie." Hard ly had she ceaErd speaking when a sharp crack like the report of a pistol sounded from aloft, followed by a tearing and crashing that started the captain to . his feet. , , , " The main topsail has gone,'" he ex claimed, and he immediately sprang upon the deck.. Again the ship was put before the gale, and for several moments O&ptaiu; .Marshall was undecided what to do. While in 1 this quandary he felt a hand laid upon his shoulder, and on turning he beheld bis wife. She had a " sou'-wester" upon her head, and a peajacket buttoned closely about her. "What is the matter, James?" she ."Said."",,"'' The husband explained his perplexity. A strange look of fearlessness and con fidence rested upon that fair woman's face, and, looking for . a moment, at the compaSB, she said: ' " We head due-north-west.1 Station a trusty lookout in the foretop, and let the ship atand on 5" Captain Marshall felt at that moment as if an angel had been sent to pilot him ! to a haven of rest. Whence arose the j feeling lie knew not, but instinctively he { obeyed. Fearful and loud roared the I mighty storm, on dashed the riven ship, f but all fearless and composed stood the : heroic woman upon the quarter-deck, and : the hardy seamen,, as they . gazed. upon v her, felt that what daunted not a woman should not daunt them. i " Land, ho !" came from the foretop. In three minutes more, as the ship : rose upon the bosom of a giant sea, the land was made out upon the deck, bear ing about two points on the larboard bow. Emma caught sight of it. and seizing a glass at the next swell, she discovered a ' lighthouse upon its summit. Then she [ turned her glass over the starboard beam, ; and in a moment she exclaimed : I " There are the Bantam Ledges. The i land on the larboard bow is Seguin, and fceyoud 1. can see Cape Small Pmut, i -James," she continued, as she gazed into her husband's face with a look all made I up of conscious power, " if you will drop your foretnpss.il I will take you into the Kennebec 1" ■ For a moment Captain Marshall hardly • credited the evidence of Jus own senses, . but tine look into the calm radiant fea uies of his wife determined hiui, and in five minutes tlie foretopsaib was sheeted ; .home. ■■■■■■.■.■■■ ■ ■ . ! Emma Marshall seized 1 he spanker out haul, and sprang upon the wheel house, j and, calm as the tailing of the summer's ' dew, fell her orders to the man at the wheel. The island Seguin was cleared in 1 safety, the th,p buwied fearlessly by the | foaru diished rocks, and ere long her bows cleft the smoother waters of the noble Kennebec. AM danger was past. Though the storai sttil raged, yet the old Vincent rode at anchor, and the howling tempest i could harm her no more. . m Confidence was restored to the hardy crew.. . 1 Emma Marshall descended from her : station and sought her cabin. Her rough habiliments were thrown aside, and -ere j long she reappeared in all the modesty ■ and beauty of her native' grace.1 Captain i Marshall pressed her to his bosom, and at i that moment the hardy seamen waved ' their hats high above their uncovered | heads, while a prolonged shout of joy and ! gratitude went forth from their relieved souls. They had been saved from the ■ terrible coast storm, and from the bottom' I of their hearts rhev confessed Emma » Marshall was a wife worth having. —Yax KEE 15 LADE. 