THE SILENT SEA . By Antarlo, Author o£ " An Australian Girl.!' Chapter XXXI. As for Viotor, ho was lost in that tide of unreasoning, tumultuous bliss which comes to a man but onco in his lifetime, and ' in his youth or not at all. He reflected when it wsb too lato that his purpose had been to speak no word of love to Doris till after he had seen Mies Paget; but it was all too inevitable, and now he was too restlessly happy to sleep. The night was very still, but cool, and full of starlight. He wont outside, and walked to the top of the reef. Tho throbbing of the air compressors, and the din of the engine, travelled far into tho night. By that sound he knew it muRt bo after 12, for ou Sunday work was not re sumed till midnight. As he stood look ing into tho vast spaces of the plains all round, vaguo and grey and level, without form or , motion, he was thrilled with wonder as ho thought of the sequence of events which had brought Doris into the heart of so desolato and melancholy a region— thrilled with tho thought that here, where nature was at its sternest, and man's existenco in its barest form, they two should And each other, and tho great happinoas of thoir lives. While lost in these reflections, a man came hurrying up tho reef from the mino, and paused within a fow paces of Victor, saying — " Is that you, cap'en ?" "No, 'Zilla, it isn't tho captain," answered Victor, who recognised tho voice. Something had trono wrong, and the engineer wanted to consult the manager. " I bait and bait at 'is door, but 'e ain't in, and I thoft 'e must a-como to ask for Mr. Challonor." On hearing tho oaptain was not at Stone- house, 'Zilla stood for a moment in dcop thought. 44 Perhaps he's in by this time. He may have gone for a stroll somewhere," suggested Viotor. But 'Zilla didn't fall in with this view. It. was now nearly half an hour sinco he had first gone to tho captain's rooms, just ten minutes after ho had been at the shaft's mouth seeing tbo men go below. 'Zilla had waited and gone again, but the rooms were in darknoss, and still no sign of TrovaskiB. Viotor suggested that he might bo asleep. 44 'E may bo took in a fit, but 'e couldn't bo asleep and not 'ear the knooks I give. I wish you'd como down, sir, and go to 'is rooms by the insido way, and make sure. The cap'en looks very bad to me lately, and very bad tempored — like a bedgaboor at the least word, and when a man don't moan nothin' in tho world." Thoy were descending tlio reef by this time. Viotor went into his office as suggested, and through the four rooms intervening, followed by 'Zilla. He knocked at tho door and called out 44 Captain ?" repeatedly in a lusty voice. But there was no response. As they were. leaving tho purser's office tho engineer came up. The driving wheel of the pari shaft had got out of gear, and he was anxious to hang up the battery and stop tho machinery. 44 But if I do it off my own hook ho'll most likely make a devil of a row," he said ; 44 more especially as the fortnightly cleaning up is so near." ,4 He can't be in," eaid Victor ; 14 it's im possible." Thoy walked back to thepan room and waited another half hour. The driving wheel had worked looso and could not be righted without a stoppage. 44 But if I stop without his orders he'll damn my eyes till lie's black in the face, and want to know who's master hero," said the engineer, a quiet, steady going Scotchman, who found the Trevaskis rdgimc rather an exasperating one. 44 I'll tell you what, Mr. Purser," ho said, when the half hour was up, " you como with mo to tho manager's office, and if I can't make him hear I'll break a pane, open tho window, and go in to make sure; and if he isn't on tho premises I'll stop tho maohincry on my own responsibility. If he goes gallivanting about at night, God knowc where, it's his look out." Victor agteed to this arrangement, and the three oncp;;tn.ore walked up to. the manager's office. They knocked and Bbouted with tho same re sult as before. Then the engineer got a stone, and, making a olean break in one of tho lower panes, ho opened the window of tho manager's office and got in. He struck a light and passed into the bedroom. It was empty, and the bed had not been slept im As lie was gotting out, the door of tbo office that led into the iron pas sage was unlooked, and Trovaskis entered, a bull's eyo lantern in one hand, a parcel in the other. He gavo a savage yell, when ho caught sightof a man disappearing through tho win dow. Either by accident or design tho lantern fell from, him with a crash and tho candle was extinguished. Ho rushed to tho window, and, seeing throe men dimly in tho darkness, broke into an ex cited volley of abuse, in a thick, strango voice. Tho engineer attempted to speak, but coitld not at first make himself heard. Thoy were thieves — they were consigned to eternal and active perdition ; but first thoy would be haulod to gaol. 44 If you've quite finished, sir, perhaps you'll allow me to tell you that I'm tho engineer." Ho drew nearer to tho open window as lie spoko, and Trovaskis eavo a muffled exclamation. 44 Pienso take notice," tho engineer went ou, in tones quivering with anger, 44 that it was on the business of the company I forced my way into tho mannger's rooms, as Mr. Fitz-Gibhon, the purser, will bear witness." Tho mention of this nnme had a singular offeot on Trovaskis. Ho remained quito silent for a moment, neither attempting to light candle or lamp nor to make any reply. The engineer had again to ask for instructions bo- fore Trevaskis spoke. Then, aeoing Victor turning to leave, he called out to him to .wait a moment. "I'll bo down after you in five minutes, " he said, and on this Bruce and 'Zilla returned to the engine room. Trevaskis wont into his bod- room and camo out in a few minutes, looking tho doors after him. 44 Of course you're making all sorts of con clusions about my being in tho cave room, Mr. Fitz-Gibbon? And your being about here, at this time of night, proves that you are full of suspicions." Ho had begun in a calm tone, but again that curious sudden change ensued ; a loud, uncon trollable fierceness crept into his voice. Victor could see in the starlight that tho nmnogor's eyes wore glaring wildly, that his bauds were twitohing, and that his face was working con vulsively. 44 He must be drunk," was tho thought that passed through Iub mind. And there was some truth in the supposition, though there was mucli more than ordinary intoxication to account for Trcvaskis's uucontrollablo exoitcment. He' had been working on Friday night till near daylight. On Saturday night, after receiving oflioial instructions to dear out tho late manager's effects, ho had not gone to bed at all. Ho had worked all night and part of Sunday, now it was 2 o'clock on Monday morning, and after all ho had been almost caught with his pots and bars of gold ; all his sleepless nights and bril liant visions of success, all hisBobomos and con trivances, had been in vain. This boy, who hod from tho first como to spy on him, had over reached him in tho end. His brain whirled, and everything swam round him as ho spoko. A sudden murderous instinct rose within him to take Victor by tho throat and orush tho life out of him. The paroxysm passed away, leaving him miserably shaken, and with an almost in sane longing to tell Fitz-Gibbon the whole truth — to take him into the cavo room there and thon, and show him the great glittering heap of gold in massive bars, the bottles full of amalgam, and cty, 44 This all belongs to tho company !" Viotor, perceiving that tho man was la boring under some cruel emotion, and be lieving that his brain and imagination were demoralised just then by strong drink, an swered him in tho tones that turn away wrath. Great personal happinesB makes even hardened natures magnanimous, much more ono that is innately generous, and has not as yet been indurated, either by time, or calamity. The imputations thrown out against him by Trevaskis would, under ordinary circum stances, have prevented Victor from offering any explanation as to his presence at the offico with tho engineer. ' But it had been forced on him that the manager's morbid suspicions were like a disease which ho was unablo to get rid of. Ho therefore fully cxplaiucd his meeting with Jen kins, and Trovaskis listened and believocL But when, after midday on tho morrow, ho mot Vic tor coming out of tho telegraph office, all his old suspicions returned. Ho himself1 had gone there to send a message to hi.i brothor, implor ing him to como at all hazards without a day's longor dolay. Trovaskis had roaolved, as a last reaourco, to shift all tho gold and amalgam to the hut ho had erected on tho claim, noar tho broken down whim, as soon as his brothor could arrive. Ho had this morning bought a strong spring cart and a stout horso from a man who had loft tho diggings at tho creek, very much down on his luck. Ho was negotiating with the company for . tho purchaso of certain old machinery, which they wore only too glad to sell. Thero would bo two or three loads in all. In tho dead of night he would load tho cart with tho gold and amnl- gnra, tied up in old sacks. In the morning ho would hnvo nomo of tho maohincry fixod in tho cart, with Dan to help, and after Dan started ho would overtake him on horseback, and ox- plain that his load was worth, not an bid song ' for old iron, but £20,000 ! Even in tho thiokof all his terrors and anxio- tios, and tho profound physioal ncrvousnoss that a-sailod him from time to time, ho would dwell with a sonso of intoxicating elation on the sense of getting the gold all safo away. He would see Dan driving slowly on tho big dusty track towards Broombush Creek, looking from time to time around him as he got half way, for tho great whito posts of tho broken down whim, beyond which ho was to sluo off to tho left for a milo and a half to tho lonely hut, which could bo clearly soon from tho vioinity of tho old well. Then ho would go galloping aftor him, and that night thoy would make a rcocss in tho floor of tho hut, in which to hido the gold. 44 Thnt quartz claim will turn out tho richest in the history of Australian mining, only this won't get into history," ho thought. And then ho chuckled to himself as ho pictured Fitz- Gibbon going solotnnly into tho cave room and making his ineffectual search. But all this hung on Dan's speedy arrival. Ho despatched histole- gram, wording it as strongly as possible. As ho eamo out of tho telegraph office he mot Victor faco to face. ho going to send a .messago as to tho further delay in his searoh of the cave room ? Ho resolved to koop a - bravo front to tho last, and fight to the uttermost for dolay, hoping for Dan's speedy return. A' few minutes after he had aeon Victor go back to his otfioo Trovaskis followed him, to mako a certain statemont regarding the search of tho cave room. As soon as bo entered Viotor rose, saying — 44 1 was just ooming to see you, captain. I want to get away to town for a few days." 44 To town for a few days ?" repeated Trevas kis mechanically. "Yes; will you bo well enough to olean up the gold this week?" 44 1 intend to do so on Thursday." 44 Oh, that will suit me famously.-' . I can then start by tho afternoon coach on Friday, and pay the men when I return." 44 How long shall you be away ?" 44 Not more than four or five days at the longost." 44 Not more thau four or fivo days ?" repeated the manager, in tho same mechanical voice in which he had first responded to tho purser's announcement. . It would be impossible to disentangle the chaos of thoughts that dartod through his mind. But olear above all olso rose tho con viction, 44 Ho is now suro about tho treasure ; ho is going to secure police assistance." Trovaskis struggled to aet on the belief. It seemed as if he spent several moments in trying to utter the woid, "You better some- down into the cave room this morning, and have a look round. Tho half search I mndo last night makes mo believe there's some gold hiddon there." / But every instinct of his nature rose up in revolt against this aurrendor. Each faculty of. liia mind became centred in ono su preme effort to gain time. To have so much woalth in his possession — the ond and aim of his dearest ambitions, tho objeot of his most jealous passions— and to give it all up ! No ! no ! not so long as tho ghost of a chaucc of success remained. ' ."Isupposo I could put off paying the men till I returnod on Tuesday or Wednesday ?" said Victor, looking a little wonderingly at tho ma nager's haggard face. " Certainly, that will bo all right ; I camo in to sny that, owing to tho arrears of work caused by my sore eyes, I cannot go into tho oavo room with you for a fow days." 4,4 Oh, we'll lot it slido till I return," said Victor carelessly. The manager looked at him narrowly. Thon, sinking his voice, and speaking in a Bomi-con- fidential tone, ho said— 44 The fact is that, judging from a cursory examination, I am under tho impression that Dunning s effects wore tampered with after his death. It will bo thereforo better that wo should act conjointly in this matter." 4 But tho hoys were in Scarle's possession till ho delivered them to you," said Viator' quickly. Exactly, and therefore I am going to write a noto to him unking a fow leading questions, " annwerod Trovaskis coldly as lie walked away. When he reached tho door ho turned as if struck by an attor thought. It will bo about tho 8th Decomber when you get away. You have spokon about leaving the mino at Christmas time. Do you think of making any arrangement about resigning whon you are in town ?" Victor hesitatod beforo replying. He could not explain that his movements de pended on tho courso of events- at Stono- hotiso, nor did ho think it advisable to say that he know of a suitable candidate ready to apply for the purnorship . as soon as it was vacant. His friend Mnurice Cumming had recently bospokon Victor's intorest In the matter, finding that a little extra ready money, for a year to como, would materially aid himself and his . brother in their strenuous fight at .Wynans ngainst tho rabbits. Victor by this timo know enough of the manager's jealous and suspicious temper ament to feefi sure that to speak of his friend's appointment as a foregone conolusion would bo on impolitic measure. Ho theroforo compro mised tho matter by saying— "I don't think I shall decide about the date of. my leaving till later on. . I believe we shall find uo difficulty in gotting a purser at a short notice." Of course tho half embarrassed pauBo, and the cautious reply, could bear but ono interpretation to Trevaskis. 44 1 knew it — I know it ! Ho is going to try ond snare me like a rat in a hole !" he iriuttorcd to himsolf, as he strode away. Ho hurried into his offioe, fearful of botraying the passion of impotent rago which, ho felt, threatened to carry him beyond all bounds. As soon as ho had gained his own room, he broke iuto a volloy of tbo most horrible imprecations ; his eyes started in their sookets, and he foamed at the mouth. His first coherent thought was ono of torror. 44 1 am going mad— I am going mad !" ho said to himsolf lopeatedly, staring at his face hi a small square looking glass that hung above tho washstand in his bodroom. His wild, dis torted oyes ; his livid skin ; tho great cold drop3 of porspiration that stood on his forohead ; the tromor which at short intervals shook him from head to foot, wore all repetitions of tho paroxysm that had overtaken him, for tho first timo in his life, in tho small hours of tho morn ing. Ho tried to reason, but thought failed him. He lost all gra3p of the subjcot or tho plan that struggled through his mind. Ono Aftor the other terrible pioturcs rose beforo him, irrespective of mental volition. He follov/od ono man who orept with trcnohorous footsteps to commit murder ; he saw auother suddenly stricken down dead ; aud still another writhing in mad ness. . . . When he grew oalmor ho reasoned with himsolf tlmt it was not incipient madness thiit had attacked him, but the result of constantly dwolling on exciting thoughts ; of - utter sleoplessness for throo days and two nights; tho want of propor food; a dangerous use of stimulants ; and, to crown tho whole, this siiddcu overwhelming torror that all would be in vain— that Fitz-Gibbon lmd acquired a oertain knowledge of the Bto- . len gold, and was dogging all his - actions. Probably, ho had last night bribed tho en- ' ginecr to tamper with the pan shaft, so as to have witnesses as to tho manager's absence in the cave room. Now be was going to tho directors with his tale ; of what use would it be to try and k hido so groat n quantity? ' A black traokor, 1 or even an ordinary detective, would trnoo It like a boaton highway. Uo must think of some plan— something thnt would give him timo, that would savo him. But tho moment that he tried to think or frame a plan, a throb bingonmo in the bnokof his bond, liko tho rapid echoes of a hnmmor boating persistently, mad deningly. Ho must alocp for seven or eight bourn at n strotoh. 'Uo took ono of his accustomed rounds, seeing- to all that was boing done ; he gavo somo directions to tho shift bosses who would be in charge of tho night gangs, underground. Then ho xummonod Mick, and told him to let no ono knock at Ins office door, or disturb him in any way ; ho was fooling ill, and was going to liavo a good sloop. Ho undrcflsod and went to bed at 4 o'clock in tho aftomoun. But the room socmod full of sounds,' sudden cries, strange voicos, and violent shoutB rent tho nir. He drank glass after glass of almost undiluted brandy ; but iustcad of serving as a soporfic, this, for a time, made him moro acutely conscious of tho ruin that stared htm in tho face, whilo his powor of connected thought had absolutely deserted him. At last ho foil into a deep dreamless stupor, from whioh he did not awakon till near uunriso tho noxt morning. His hood was aching, but the long rest and unoonsoiousnoss had in a moasuro re stored his mental balanco. Hn brewed him self a pot of ten, and drank cup aftor cup, hot and strong, till his boadnoho was almost gone. But the moment his anxieties and fears and surmises rotumed upon him, ho felt that dull, porsistent, all absorbing beat in his brain— that vaguo wondering of mind : his train of thought |o«t suddenly, as if in an unsounded deop— whioh had before torrifiod him. Ho went about tho businoss of tho mino all that morning, rcsolutoly turning his miud away from tho torturing and distract ing thoughts of tho cavo room. Ho reflootod that the oloaning up on Thursday would yield tho largost avorago to tho ton of quartz which had over been roportcd at tho Colmar. There had boon a steady and continuous incrcaBo of gold sinco ho camo, whilo at tho samo timo tho working expenses of tho mine had been, by his unrclaxing vlgilanoo in every department, con siderably diminished. Nor had any of theso points escaped recog nition by tho directors. Within tho last month thoy had given him a considerable rise in his salary, at tho satro timo complimenting him highly on the unprecedented sucooss which had marked his tenuro of manngomont, ond express ing a hopo that ho would see his way- to onter on a fixed torm of office. This Trovaskis had so far refrained from doing, on tho ground that circumstances might in any month compel him to resign. Thinking over these things as he went through the routine of his mine work on Tues day forenoon, TrovaskiB reflcctod that though Drummond might lend1 a willing ear to' his nephew's tales, the directors as a body would be very loth to take any notion that would ro- fleet on a mnnagor who had in less than thrco months made his valuo folt in so marked a manner. . . . If he could only by aoino moans fasten a quarrel upon Fitz-Gibbon apart from tho matter of tho cavo room — some stigma of carelessness, of neglcot of duty 1 It would bo so readily believed that a young man of independent means, who camo to the mine for a mere freak, and who could loavo it at any moment without the least detriment to Iub prospeots, should fail in some respects to work liko a man whose daily bread de pended on, his daily work. . . , But as Trevaskis reviewed the manner in which Viotor discharged his duties, ho failed to recall any inst&nco; of negligence moro serious than forgetting to look the office door on one or two ocoasions when he loft it for tho night. Arrived at this point in his cogitations, Trovaskis suddenly stood motionless. Ho was in the pan room, where tho loosened wheel was giving some trouble. But ho had dcoided not to have it tonohed till Thursday, so thnt tho yield of gold Bhould not bo impaired by any stoppage. The din around him seomed all at onoe to sharpen his faouitios, so that he saw, as in a completed picture, tho sohemo aftor whioh ho had been vainly groping. Ho had found it- he hold tho clue. Towards sunset, ho saddled his horse, and rode across to his claim near tho broken down whim, so as to get bis sohemo all clear and straight before him. This wna the plan ho formed. On Thursday, after ho and Fitz-Gibbon had oleaned up the gold, aud looked it in tho safe as usual, he would hand his key to tho purser, and. ask him to keep it till Friday morning, as ho was going across to Broombush Croek, and would most likely stay there that night. He had duno this thrco weeks ago, so there would be nothing unusual in oithor . action ; tho unusual part would como lator on. Ho would return shortly aftor midnight, got the duplicate keys which he had found in Dun- nitjg's private box, go into the purser's offico through the insido entrance, and take away the 700 oz. of gold. In tho morning, whon Viotor gavo him back tho key, lie would, as was custom ary under such ciroumstancoa, havo tho safo unlooked, so as to make suro that all was right. Tho safo would bo ompty ! A huo and cry would be raiaod. His first duty as manager would bo to send an official telegram to the directors. The polico trooper would at onco begin to searoh round ; so1 would he— Trovaskis ; and that night ho would disoover the gold whore tho thlof had secreted it. Thon Fitz-Gibbon would no doubt go on to town as ho proposed. Ho might, perhaps, bo confi dent that the keys had not boon out of his possession ; but there tho foots would bo public and patent to nil. The same trniu that conveyed Fitz-Gibbon to town would carry a letter to tho . directors from tho mino mauager, declining to act any longer with a purser whoso negligence had so nearly cast an irretrievable slur on thorn both. . Ho would point out that if tho thief had succeeded in carrying off tho gold as eusily as ho had ob tained possession of tho keys and rifled the safe, the consequences to him as a poor man, with a wife and family dependent on his sole exertions for a livelihood, would havo been serious in the extreme. Any insinuations made against him by Fitz-Gibbon would thon bear a vory suspi cious aspect. If he went to tho trouble of stirr ring up an inquiry as to the cave room, he would tnko up the position that he had special reasons for not caring to interfere with Dunning's effects till his legal lopresentative was ou the spot. By tho timo that a week or two was oonsumod the treasure would bo secured in a. way that would leave no possibility of recovery. Then thoy could search till they were block in tho faco. Trevaskis laughed aloud in his glee as lie saw himself at last triumphant over ail dangers and obstacles. He wont ovor the whole scheme time after timo, strengthening lamo places and elaborating littlo details, during his rido to and from his quartz olaim. Ho worked that night in the cove room again for sovoral hours, aftor finding that ho could not oloso his eyes' in sleep. During the noxt two days his domeanor to Viotor was moro friendly than usual. Ho was most of the time slightly under the influence of driuk. Ho tried to refrain, feeling that in his excited Btate stimulant was dangerous. But tho tension of his nerves, tho fits of miserable un certainty which assailod him, tho almost total look of appetite, and tho loss of sleop, mode it impossible for. him to bear up without a liberal rcoourse to the old Bordeaux brandy of whioh ho hnd a caso iu his office. Nor had lie any dread that the habit to whioh he yielded at this pinch would take. a mischievous hold of him. He regarded his drains as a sort of, medicine that would help him ovor a steep pull, liko doses of quinine for aguo fever. Tho gold cleaning up was ovor by half-past 6 o'clock on Thursday. 44 1 am going over to Broombush Creek to soo ono of tho managers thero. I'll most likely stay the night, and perhaps havo a littlo turkoy shooting on tho way back. I'd bettor leave my key in . your olmrgo," said Trovaskis, as he was loaving the offioe, aftor the two bars of gold wore looked up. 41 All right ; of course you'll he back beforo I leave?" 44 Oh, yos ; I'll be here by 11 in the morning at latent." And with that the two parted. Chapter XXXII. A celebrated Greek philosopher was of opinion that women were only created whon Na ture found that the imperfection of matter did not permit her to carry on tho world without them. It is possible that some might demur to this; but most of us would be ready to admit that letters are written oblefly be- cauno of tho imperfect development of our senses. And yet thero aro certain communica tions whioh ono might profor to moke in a little note, oven if telepathy wore an assured arid exact ecienoe. Of this kind was the annonnoomenfc that Victor had to mako to Miss Paget. He had put away tho thought of their aotual meeting ns often as It had arisen ; but now that he was to set out on the morrow, and the hour was drawing so noar in which his story must be'told, its awkwardness camo homo to him more and more. Ho reflootod how very frequently he had found Mrs. Tillotaon installed with Helen for tho afternoon or evening, how often she was summoned by' hor father into the library, and, still moro embarrassing, ho thought how very foolish ho would feel whon it gradually dawned on Miss Paget that he had como, not to woo but to make a confession and rido away. Yes on tho wholo it would bo hotter to write a little noto — ono whioh, without going into tedious details, wonld put Holen en rapport wtyh his position. This ho would leavo at Lancaster Houso personally as soon as he readied town, leaving a mossago that he should call an hour later. Ho had almost succeeded in persuading himself that his mother's suggestion was true- that Mi'bs Paget had fixed a term of probation, not so much to test his fidofity as to let him down gently, without too abrupt a refusal. But as ho sat at his dosk to writo his littlo preparatory letter aftor Trevaskis had loft the offioe, cortain recollections aroso whioh made his task a difficult one. He wanted to find words that wonM put the matter adroitly aud delioately, but all the finer nuances of expression seemed to escape from bis pen. After writing half a sheet he stared at it discontentedly, and then. sat resting his head on his hand. Tho day had been sultry and airless. Ho had bcon at work from 5 in tho morning, and it was now nearly 7. The pen slipped from his hand. Ho did not fall aaleop, but ho went off into a waking dream. Somo linos he had read in &n; old poem c&mo; back to him — Open tho temple gates unto my loro : Open them wide, that she may enter in. A look of beatitude overspread his face. Sud denly ho was startled by the sound of a dull, loud report, speedily followed by a second and a third. He thrust his unfinished letter into tho drawor of his desk; and went to the outer door of the assay room. Roby stood talking to tho mino blacksmith, a few paces away. 44 What aro thoso reports, Roby ? Are they making another grave?" asked Victor. 44 All, Mr. Purser, in tho midst o' life we are in death!" answered Roby, with the" strong nasal accent habitunl to him When giving expres sion to any serious sontiment. Then he ex plained that ono of the Coriuell children had died of fever that morning. The father and another minor wero now employed in blasting out a grave in the little cemetery,- whioh was within half a inflo of the mine, where tho gfound was so adamantine that it could not be dug out in the ordinary way. Victor had recoguised the sounds, having beard them on a few occasions previously. This procoss of forcing a last resting place from tho bluo clay slate rook had always seemed to him a rather horrible preface to being buried. Just then, when ho was lost in blissful waking dreams, the thought of death struck a sudden chill to his heart. He was turning impatiently away from Roby, who seemod inclined to improve tho occasion, when Miohael reached the door of the assay room with a message for tho purser. It was to the effeot that Circus Bill's. trap with p&ssongors; from Broombueh Creek was going to start at day break, so as to reach Nilpeena in time for tho early train to town. "Ithoht, as ye were going, sor, to-morrow, ye moight loike to start ourly, so as to save the ' waiting at Nilpeena. 'Tie a sthrange droiver. Circus himself boing laid up at Broombush wid a touch av sunsthroke. It's glad oi am he washn't tuk wid the samo on the way from Nil peena, for tho sako av the lady that como to Shtonehouse." 44 Has a lady come to Stonchouse?" asked Victor. 44 At what time? Havo you heard whoHheis?4'. Michael, who;spoko of the new arrival solely because ho divined that Anything which rolated to Stonehouso was of passing importance to tho young purser, was not surprised to find tho eager interest with which ho received the news. He, however, know nothing beyond tho fact that a lady had arrived by Cireus Bill's trap half an hour before the mail conch came in. As soon as Viotor had despatched the little man to ask .tbo driver to seourc a seat in the early trap, ho went acrosB to- Stonehouso. "NVhon he reached tho house he found an air of unusual bustle pervading it. Sbung-Loo was ' flitting about tiio placo with as near an approach to a smile as his faco ever woro, Bridget was hurrying in and out between the kitchen and diningroom ; Euphemia had a Urge basket of flowers in tho verandah, which she was arrang ing in vases on the little wicker table. "When Victor joined her she had a great deal to toll him. Her aunt, Mrs, Muiray, had como from Ouranie, Doris's old home. She hod all at onco mado up her mind when she found that Mr. Challoner's illness was likely to bo a lingering one. " Sho has come to stay, and help to nurse father, ami seo that mother gots plenty of sleep, and that Doris docs not do too much. Aunt thinks that sho is looking rather too pale.'1 " But there is nothing wrong with her. She .was well this morning," interrupted. Victor anxiously.. "Oh yes; 'she isn't ill, you know," answered Euphemia placidly, 44 But she went -to see Milly Council— that little girl who has been so ill — and found she had diod. Then aunt canip and brought a lot of things from Ouranie. Doris is in, her own room now, reading over and over a littlu old book that belonged to her mother. You can always tell whon sho thinks of her mother; sho sits so still and hor eyes get so lnrgo and dark." (To be Continued,) 