CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The anniversary of the Unitarian Sunday-<*> school was celebrated on Sunday. In the morn-<*> ing the devotional service was conducted by the Rev. J. C. Woods, B. A., the lessons were read by the Rev. R. C. Dandy and Mr. C. L. Wbitbam, -whilst an appropriate address was given by bliss C. H. Bpenoe. Special hymns and an anthem were excellently rendered by the scholars and choir. In the evening (he Rev. J. C. Woods, 8.A., spoke as to "The self-sacrificing spirit of Jeeus and its lesson." The church was tastefully decorated, and there were good congregations. A Sunday -school floral, festival, and choral service was held in St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-Btreet, on Sunday afternoon. Xne musical selections, which were given by the church choir and Sunday-pchoolohildmn under the guidance of the organist and choirmaster (Mr. D. 13. Adamaon), included "There is a green hill" (Gounod), "Low at thy feet" (Lindsay), "In thy keeping" (Pinsuti), and "Angel voices" (Anon). Every pieue was excellently sung, and the whole service was marked by much beauty. The Very Rev. the Moderators of the Victorian and South Australian Churches read the lessons, and short addresses were given by the Rev. W. Gray Dixon, of Victoria, and the Eev. John Bargees, M.A., of Kew South Wales. The whole servioe was arranged by the pastor (Rev. J. T. Robertson, M. A) In the morning the Rev. George Tait, M.A., of Melbourne, preached from Ps&bjis; iv., 8, and iiL, 5, whilst in the evtioing the Rev. James Gibson, of West Melbourne, gave an eloquent discourse founded on Titus ii, I—"Speak thou the things which become Bound doctrine." He referred to the great difference between the preaching of former timea and that of to day. That difftrence consisted in the character of the preaching. Id used to be held that sound doctrine consisted in orthodox views, and orthodoxy really meant a man's private belief. He claimed that all questions connected with the public and private life of the individual and of the Slate could be dealt with in the pulpit. The sermon received very earnest attention. The church was charmingly decorated. The Rev. H. T. Burgess, with the assistance of the church choir, conducted a choral service in the Archer-street Wesieyan Church on Sun day'erening, which was very largely attended. The service chiefly consisted of musical selec tions illustrating the'topic—" Joy, what it is, and does," and the service closed with Handel's well-known "Hallelujah chorus," whioh was given with great effect. The Rev. H. T. Bur gess announced as his text—"The joy of the Lord is your strength" (Nehemiah, viiL, 10). He said there was no greater libel on religion than to describe it as dull and melancholy. The kingdom of God was not only righteous ness and peace, but also joy in the Holy Ghost. Joy was not merely a matter of temperament, but a divine gift by die grace of God working in the heart. It was as superior to happiness as sunlight was to moonlight. It imparted strength to resist temptation, patience to en dure difficulties, and courage in time of trial. Thus it was of practical value, and there was every reason to cultivate the joyfalness which ought to pervade the Christian life. Mr. Broadbent presided at the organ and Mr. F. J. Fash officiated as conductor. On Sunday a number of the members of the Presbyterian Federal Assembly who have come from the other colonies occupied pulpits in several of the city and suburban 'churches. The moderator (Rev. D. S. McEachran) preached in the morning at the Flinders- street Church, while in the evening the Bey. J. Meiklejohn conducted the services. The Rev. A. Hardie delivered a sermon at the Fine street We&leyan; Church in the morning; while «t St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-Btreet, the Rovb. George Tait and James Gibson con ducted the services in the morning and evening respectively. In the afternoon the Rev. W. Gray Dixon and the Bey. John Bur gess took part in the Sunday-sohool festival and choral service. During the afternoon a united juvenile service took place at the Hinders- street School, and the Revs. W. It. Morton, W. S. Rollaad, and C. J. Legate gave addresses. Dr. Steel preached in the morning at Chalmers Church, and the Rev. G. Tait in the evening, while at the Goodwood Church the Rev. W. It. Morton occupied the pulpit in the evening. The services at St. Giles's Church, Norwood, were conducted in the morning by the Rev. j. Gibson, and in the evening by the Rev. D. S. McEaehran. At Stow memorial Church Dr. Steel spoke in the morning. Semeee in connection with the forty-second anniversary of Chalmers Church were held on Sunday. The devotional services were con ducted by the Rev. R. A. Steel, M.A., of Qoeambeyan, K.S.W,, the preacher being the Rev. B. Steel, D.D., Ph.D. t of Sydney, the former gentleman's father. The text chosen was John v., 25 —"He was the lamp that buxneth and ehineth." A reference to the panegyrics of the pulpit fitly introduced the theme, the text of which was itself nothing less than a splendid, yet not extravagant, euloginm on the Baptist by the "Troth incamatn." Oooaeion -ma taken to depiot in graphic terms the hollow and heart less omdffions of that worn oat age and the necessity which then existed for the quickening anew Df the moral sense, that statement being paralleled by analogies borrowed from the history of the Reformation in Germany, Hun gary, England, and Scotland, .&c.; " John " was represented as a light, not original indeed, and yet not kindled in the school of HUlel or Sbammai, but by the touch of God's Spirit—a light, swift, electric, luminous, and if eccentric and short-lived then, necessarily so because the age which he helped to irradiate was one of tcansitiaa and of preparation for the "Son of Righteousness." Special prominence was given to *fof ** burning" character of John's illumi sating: ministry by showing how it was calcu lated to *' consume" tihe gfo?w>g and shows, t£he deed forms and the shallow pretences, the faypoorisies, the credulities, and the unrealities and superstitions of that day, and establishing the fact that in fulfilling his function as a reformer of crying abuses he most efficiently prepared the " way of the Lord." By an easy process, therefore, the preacher passed from the exposition to the application. The pos session of a "fervent 73 spirit was the secret of success, not in religions enterprise alone, but in every department of human activity— witness the achievements of Columbus in navi gation, of Newton and Darwin in science, of Dryden in producing at one long Bitting his "St. Cecilia's Day/ of Reynolds in painting, of Carey and Livingstone as missionaries, of WhitSeld and McCheyne as evangelists, and Thomas Chalmers of preaching^ fa-nm, all of them being fired with a passionate earnestness for what they deemed the -work of their life. "Let your light co shine bsfore men." The reputation of the venerable preacher attracted a large auditory, who listened attentively to an eloquent discourse, the music being ad mirably rendered and led by a - affi^on^ choir under the leadership of Mr. T. N. Stephens. The evening servioe was conducted entirely by the Rev. G. Tait, M.A., of Melbourne, who preached from the text Genesis xiL, 2— "I wfll bless him and make him a blessing." The gist of the Bermon was that the gifts of God in nature, providence, and grace, were be stowed on economical principles. As the son did not possess its light for itself, so were Abraham and the Hebrews not called, but that ke and his might be a blessing to tihe world, and so was no man crowned with any endowment of body, mind, or heart, of power, wealth, or property, bat that he may use it tot the benefit of afl. A good congregation listened with mariced attention to thererarend gentleman's very practical and appropriate address. The church" and platform were tastefully decorated for the occasion. 