90INO RMING; I ' t ever1e. -I s y n vmy sister Giro vcr~ never a autiful as she is eretn ow in t fae f her forty years, bsheut h hr, bu her early yoaith; ard th: herand . alone would seem to hare nmrsed lor grand alliance-one chosen fro atm I?og ityf of tile highest in the land olferd to he?r And you are too well bred to acd what I eee you feel that you are just as touch eri ± ind me, who am a mere nobody rcompas my saster-small and dark and shy evren for all mn four big bays, thile air and reg:l-hero at the ead of this pun etablishment, and the wife of a man like : husband, for whom Guinevere s?tculte very way fitted more than myself,y Well, it iist ?.se, Iait. But shall I tell you mny si.te's toy tp is not quite one c f ever day Ida f hi . ere is nothing out ragernsly seasoat;l it. Still, it mayin tecrrt you i s'' at of ecircumstat:ce and chsraclat;? 's all events, it is trin. We wcre alayi you see us now-the queenr and her t he adored and her ilorer, a misttems a eralare. Guinevere, live years older tht was, as long as I can remember, like 5oi di of a superior being wham it :as ty iy as well as my joy to wora?bi anld sy; 1Her beauty was always phentitmelto e, more especially as I had none. ?,d a say "Oh I" in that de precating way. Itinr unkind of you to wish to spare et self.fore, d putme on good terms with myscif; bhat I heard the truth too often. As a child Ii resed y mother many times to tears, wen sri was low-spirited, be cause she stid I wasso like a little Aztec or thoror of that tind; and as a girl she often de clined to take me into society, because I was such a contrast toGalnrers that, she said, she was ashamdoelme. f But my husband and my bars are satisfied with me, and that is everything. And, indeed, only ycsterda my huaband said tome laugh ing: "I declare, Rahchel you are getting quite pretty in youear old agel" So perhaps I am growing less plain. Women sometinmes do as they get older. You do not maind ,niy telling you this nonsense ? It is only for fun, not ranity. But if I was the Aztec of the family,Guine vere was the dorer-our crown imperial, our stately lily, our royal queen, our hope, our love, our enchantment. There were no brothers, and she was the heir. We were not made joint heiresses; but Goinerere, -u was only fitting, was made sole beiress, and i had a younger child's portion. When my father explained this to me, I told him how glad I was, as Guinevere ruborn for wealth and position, and I was not; and it was only right that she should keep the family name when she married, and be the representativo of the house as if she had been a saon. She was the superior and my queen. "'then you are not jealous-not disappointed llttle Rachelf You do not think I have done wrong by yoen" my dear father said, drawing ume nearer to him. I thouaht he looked a little anxiously into my face, as if lie were troubled and wanted re. assuring. Dear, dear father! I have often thought since that he was not quite sure of the rightness of his decision. But it was right, quite right. "Jealous of Guineverel sorry that you have made her the head of the family ? No. father, darling," I said; "how should I be You hare done only what is right and wise, and I am glad and grateful-very glad that Guinevere is to be always the superior, and very grateful that you have thought it worth whrle to speak to me about it at all. And here I kissed him, and s:roked down his dear bushr beard as I used when a little one ; but he held me to him very, very close, and kissed me back again with something so sweet and almost sorrowful in his manner-and some .tthlin almost like tears in his eves. 'I hope I have done right,' he said, softly ; S"but it seems cruel and unjust,' he added, as if speaking to himself. Mother, bowever,saw the things as I did, and spoke to him rather sharply. N: onsense, Jerome 1"s he asid in her quick "way. *' How cold such a girl as Rachel carry off the dignity of her position or hear the weight ''oft heirship? It woould be ridiculous to make her equal with Guinevere. She has neither :?manner nor beauty,. neither dignity nor style, and no chance of ever getting either. Guine were is of counse the head of the house, and niust represent the family when we have gone. How could it be otherwise? Rachel is out of the question. " Ah, well, I suppose it must he so; andI little Rachel does not d uind," said my father. "Of cottrsa not; she knows better ;" returned my mother,always alittle sharply and as if she Swere displeased. I fancy theyhbad had along discussion on the Smatter, and that she had at last persuadled my ifather against his originial intention of leaving s m joint heiresses. "I trust she has too much good feeling, and too much sense of duty and pIropriety to ob. ject to an irrangement so nmalici tl- proper, so e?vidently marl:ed out by Providence." she added impresssvely ; and I said: "I hope so, too, mother," to confirm her nnd cheer up nmy father. SI was almost sixteen when this was told me. OGuineverer was just twenty-one. At sixteen a girl is rarely very colicitous about money or the future; an. I did not care i.r either ole or the other. Butif I had I shouid ihave bt:een re jiced all the same that my silter should receive by my father's will what she de srred bl: ti1ht of natunral inheritance, and that shite sh u!d b." made the head of the house b law as st, eas our queen by love. Beautiful as she was, the hdireiss of such a fine estate as lhe iKnoll, and wit1 wh!t, '. y mother lrized quite us uc as hIer Le?u:ty whichlI had once heard callted the "mocn, f ctor in the suin of her charms '-her perfec: style you may be sure that lovers were not i:ai:ting to Guinevere. She had as muany as Po:rtia, and she was cs 'difficalt to please as her protctype. She took exception to every one, and tIade insup:rable obstaclks out of the most trivial maitters. A man's name, tihe colour of his :hair and the way in which hie wore it, his voice, his halnds, his favorite floweres, his Imanners, eveCn his sisters his very Ecarf tlil and rit:gs-- anivicin was re::. son enough w:Sy she should reject him; till really it teemed as if she had vowed icrself to celibacy altogether and did not intend to marry any one. My myther ised toget quite rened with her for some of the ofters were of a kiud which did honor even to uchl a queen ancnesu wutomen as Guinevero; and, as mother said, these good chances do not come too often itn any girls life. But Guineve:ro stood her ground like some stately fower which shuts itself up if it hn been so much as looked at; always withll tihe same cold regal bearing that she has still ; turn ing all men's heads and winning all men's hearts, but never lon?g lher own, and 1aking the disappointeo world more desperate us her coldnes grew mnore confirmed. For whom or what was she waiting? Mly mother used to ask her that question twenty timnc a week, but Guinevere always answered the same thin : " For k'rino Charming." Yhich esu all very well, as mother aIsld, but he tmaghtt tlavlo found him before norr in the croWt ot sit?ra who had made her the offer I ca nds, and hearts, and rent tolls and estates One day he seemed to have coel. At least we all thought so, andl it seemed impossible but that Guinevere should not think so too. Oar neighlbour, Morso Herbert rcare h1om,. lie had been a lonl time abroad--ever sorle hi.a father' death-but at list hi calte back ami prepared to live at his hratiifuil c'. E;ery one was very clad, for au empty I iaue like Whltnino:to ] fall 5.k1s a '-rea diticrreico in a sutall ?,e ety like ours: un, thfu Mr. ilerb:rt himtself has p pular, aul pepli erev.' pleased to set h11u a 'ai. ItD is handsaom now, but 1i t r0?l?iaBs tweentay ~ears ag, hie w'a snimly ila::l. ficent . lie was as handsome for a smaut as G.:increre was for a a,,nn. Aud that: was savilg -Overythini . When they stood side by sile tollther it was really gaund to see thel:i. They looked like som:tithli on0e 1had. seen In a dream or a pictoure-sitatlhin ideal and beyond one's ordinary experience. It was evidently the match for Guinevere. Iho was rich, of right age, hal:aome, in every tray desirable; and although his fatiher belonlgod to the ne?ly rich, Morse himself was, as yo knoew him, something more than an erery-day gentleman. fie was a Ibyard. S:))lt tih neiglhbourhood settled it all to its own satisfaciona and care these two to each other, according to the law of manifest fitnets awl destiny as tIlhe :said. And soon, of course, he fell in love with her. Who could help it I Tiley all did. lieoide, these two were fitted to each ether. No; do not shake yoear heal. Tiey wre in those days; if only she coull have seen it, and made herself soft and plastic: It seelted as if nature had betrothed them, and some malign intfla'ce interftered to) prevint the thing from going ri:hlt. For iii spire of all Morse Ilerbert's handsore looks andt linle estate, in spite of nall his noble nature and fer. rent love, Guinevere would have tlo:hino to say to him. When lie made the itevitable otfer she refused him, just as sire had refundl others; and all that could be got out of her, when my father and mother retonstlrated with her was, "IHe is all very well, but he is not Prince Charming.Y I remember my father turning arar in a rage when she said this in her niiet, srrcastie war. le0 was so seldom angry. dear, good, father, that it made a great itupreesion on me. '"The girl is crazed with vanity," I heard l:im say in a lor voice. "Sine dotas ot knot w v, at she wants, and some day the will make a tre mandous mistake, aid then she will come to her senses when it is too late. That will be her punishment." I was standing near him at the time when lie said this-so near that hI knu, that I mu't have heard him. It went to omy heart to hear him blame Guinevere. To me she was so grand and beautiful-so free from fault--antl o was hie. 1 could not bear to see the s?allest misunder standing between them, so 1 took his hand and kissed it, and said to him lovingly, "You would not have her ma:rry him if she does not lore him, dearest father, would you ? That would not be right." "So, my Rachel," hlie answered kindly. " I't it argues some kind of moral perversity that ohr does not love him. No one else in the field and she ought to lave him. If she were a good girl she would." "No, n1o, there is nothing morally wrong about Guinevere!" I said. "She is fastidious, if you like, and scems unalble to be won by any man, but she is good ant true and noble, and she is not to be blamed bheou-, she will not marry even such a man as Morse Herbert if she does not really lore him." I remember now how my dear father looake at me when I said this ; and how lie drew nme near to him, and said witi? Iis sweet smile, " I ought to be a prou. father! I have a queen for one daughter, and an angel for anothcr! If that does not contenlt a utini, what should ?' But really. though it made me divicely happy to be praised by hin, I did not eeo why lie should call lme an angel because I defended my beloved sister, who had always been like some kind of goodnes or sulperier being to me! This matter of Morse Iierbert's, howev:r. did not rest here, for that erening my father and mother had a long talk with Guiuevere, to which I was not admitted, but which ended by Guinovere causenting to something unp!easant. For she said to me at night, when I went to read her to sleep, as I always did: "' You are very happy, little Rachel. not to be the eldest of the family, and the grand matri monial investment. Heirship antd "ueceship, thoughl all very well, have at times their dis. advantages; and it may be better to bo a humble little daisy than a crown imperial lily, as you sometimes call me!" She did not speak with feeling or with temper, or as if shelo were sorry or annoyed ; jins: with that little disdainful carl of her Iea Itiful lips which was habitual with her when thiugsrwent cro-s ; and of course I did not dare to ask her more than she chose to tell. We were always so much more like queen and sub ject than like daughters of the sante fatiher and mother, that I neuver presumed to takne liberties with her-nor with my mother. l31y fathler and I were the friends; but with my mother anid Gainevcre, tlhough 1 adored them both- esyprecially Guineerre, I was always on the lower shne, and of both-I confess it candidly-I vts a little afraid. The tnex day-I do not know why, but I be lieove that my mother wrote to hiim-3lorse Hlerbert camne over to the Knoll, about half an hour before luncheon. Ie was sith Guinevreo alone in the drawing room for rome time, and brougl;t her into lunlcheon on his arm. I re member iow deadly pale she was, and how flushed and triumphant, yet ill at ease. he looked. And I remember lIe trembled hlike a girl when Ihe shook hanlds writh me and said in a voice that was scarcely like Its 1,n, " You itust conlgratulate nl, RIchel. I am goil:g to be your brother, and marry Guinie tere. Co then, he and my siler oere engaged ! The pr ,:d and s:ttely ar;s Cras at last tamed; the flower lhad at last opened to the sun ! BIlut for lhat metans? 9 iot ordintry oies, for thlte en tcagment ast not hlike t11,0e ono readsof or fancies for one's self when one is yotunz; and fir the tirt and only time in my hte I was in. clinted to be lard on Guitevere. She was so cold to him, so dis?ainfu!. At her best she was only placidly inditlferent, at her worst she wasn actively sarcastic, anld seemed to take a cruel pleasure in wounding him. And I thought that as she had accepted teim, the ought to lhave be hared with more consideration. 1 used to wonder how the bore it, cuch a lhigh-spirited ntat in all other thintgs cs le was But he was so deoperately in love with herin those days, heo would lave borne anything, only for the deliltofsitting by her atd louoking at her and calling her hin. Alnd her very coldness made himt more desperate, as it 3had made so many others. It was co:ething to battle against- sonlethilg to strugcle with and over. come : a kind 'f challetgi e lung down to the meo rh1o cared for her, shich they accepted an Alntalants lovrers accepted hers. Atala,:tl defied thot whho10 loved anda would in her to surpans her in saifrenes, and Giuiteero defied those who luroved alnd would win hier to break dorin her statuesque coldness and tanko her a warm sand livitig woman. Evidently Morse Herbert had net as yet been her real conqueror, her truePriematiol. Ife had won her promise, hut he hadnuot carried herheart, and st s as still untoluchced. I was sorry for hitn and he Inet it. With. out being a traitress to miy Larling, my queen,. I could nut help pityilng this handsomte, manly fellow ho:n she treated so badly; so that at the last he got into the h:tbit of coming to me for comfort, as he said ; for if I were not ths rose, I lived ltear it; if I were not Guii;.ere I was her stster. And whent sho would lnot let him talk to hier of his love for her, hs could come asid talk to me ; aid he knew that I lea a patient listener, for that 1 loved her too well myself not to like to hear another Praise her. Still, I wiahed t1at sle could have loved him more than she evidently did ; or even if she did not lore him, that she would have treated him better. 1, like Morsn himself, trusted to time, hii owln lore, aid the indissolubility of mar. riage when once they were united, to bring it all right. lHer comoini sene then would culom into play, and her dignity toi, ar d she woild surely accept wi:h a gid grace a condition of things of u:tch a bad one would not rid her. ,.o we talked to each other, always skirtinog round, but never coming to, the fuil adiuission of Guineverc's walnt of love for him, I doing mty best to give him hope and courage, till he got at last to really love me like his sister, and to mean it when ho called ie his comforter and his good angel. This was now the early summer, and the marriage was to take place in the autunlti. Meanwhile we all went to Seo:iand ; and Morse Herbert, as Guine veres .;aurcc, went too. She would rather he had not b: en with us. She had none of that girlish.silly pride, which likes to parade a "conquest "-more especially one in wvlich her osn heart was not engaged. And, en far from m iking this jint stay a pleasure to poor Morse, she turned it into a torture, and really made hun wry, very unhappy. She was too well bred to be rude or to flout him openly. She w:es always noble, like herself; but sino wa3 colder than ice ; harder than atone; more and more statuesque and indifferent as the days went ,on; as if she wanted to discharzo hier cor;iseieoca of all suspicion of deception, so that 31orse should know, if he married her, lie was marryinig only half of her-and that the half wanting was that of her heart. But tie bore it with the wonderful Lope and patience of a strong man's love. She showed hieu no angry aversion, remember; only cold ness, without warmth for any one else ; and he always believed that this was constitutional re. serve. and that some day he should warm her into the life and knowledgo of love. The G!enbarrons, at whoso house we were staying, were nice people. Mr. and Mrs. Glenlarron, and their daughter Adeline, were c',arming, but I did not like Din aild, the eldest son. The second, Mackenzie, was much better ; in fact, he was as nica as his parents and Adeline. But Donald wr.as one of those fast dissipated men, who are only cads with a correct acenrt and perfect taste in dress. lie as a man who alwa:s loioked as if he had bken up all iiight-very pa!e, as thin as a graoshopper, and with those red eyelids and odd smeared kind of mouth lwhichl makes you think of drinluing, as if they had been reddened by the lees of wine. lie u? ad me feel that he was living on the bri:k of a precipice -as it fre:m day to day hisi charac:or and hor.',r were unsafe, ad mought at any moment be deistroyc by some terrible dis closure. I knowhe maie his father and mother very anxious, and Adeline, who was gentleness in person, was sountirnes severe upon him. In fact, hie was a horror ; but, poor wretch! he hal some good points in hint, as you will see. lie had bronuht down to the castle with himn a tlungarian l'crice with an unpronounceable name. I mnver could pronounce it, and I do not knowr how as i elt; buas s hle was always celled Prince, it does not much signify what his name really was. lie was a areat friend of D.nald's, and, per. baps partly on thai ace utit, I took a violent hatred t i him front the beginning. Do not laugh and look as if I am unable to take a via. lent hatred to any one. We quiet li:t'e worlon are nIftn volcanoes like the rest, only our tires lay a little deeper thia' with surte, and our ealp!osiuo:s are not so ft cqerint. But if I hated him, I waR the on'ly person who deld-except, perhaps, Adeiine. And she dlid not s) e:,tirely diteest hint as I dii. Ste did not like himr : and elackenzie. too, was in different to bhit, so was Iurse Iterbert. Biut every itno else prais d hinm th the skies and applaudled him to the echo. lIe was very, very handsome, that I must confess, neither so tall or so fiely built as Mlorse ; of a slighter, lighter kind altoether, and as ,lark as M3rso was fair. But hi hdh really a aln most perfect face of its kind, and ihe hat the most graceful manners you can ira gine. They were as p:rfect as h;s face. Though I did not lire hitir, I could rot be blind to the thiits which fascinated others, his grace, his beauty, his readiness to oblige, his pretty way of asking you by his manner to forget that he was a prince, whil lie e himself alwavs remnemhered it; and then his cleverneas. Ite spoke all tire principal languacCes, one as well as another, and all well. lie danced most beautifully, and sang well, played tihe pianoi well, and ro:le and fenced and played billiards, and all that; was a first rate shot, and was most amriuing besides. lto could do all sorts of conjuring tricks as well as any professed prestidigitator. On3 day IMr. Gleubarren said to him, laughi. "Well, Prince, if ever yu are br.ought down t3 the bare boards, you cau get yrour living as a conjuror, er worse. By George, thoIle trumns I" "Tt1ink so '?" the prince said with a s?nile ; but I n-a surprised to s:e IoV he lashied up, hko a girl, more than a man ; and thr;ugh he smile-d, he did not look prleased. Nevecr after ditd hie do any more conjrriing tricks for us. 3Ir. Glenbarrun had evidenitly piqued him snmeliow. \Viren thile PI'rince first came he devoted him. self to Adeline. Thi ws was perhaps natural, sve ing that she w:s the daughter of the hirese and so sweet and pretty in herself ; but ste was sa decidedly cool to lhim th:it Ie seerned to gct tired et paying iher eoImplinments and ltoling into her eyes. Besides, Donald evidently did not lilo it; nor did Mackenzie. Indeed, I overheard Donald say to the prince, in such a .stranSe voice, one day, when they were on the terrace below and 1 osn that aborve, Y'iou promisetd io Karl, by all you hIld sacred-if there is anythingr you hold sacred in lheaven or earth-that you world leave my sis!er alone, and I hold you to your pro They pussed out of hearing, when Dr.ald hld said this, so I did not hear the Prince's an. swer. At al events, after this hle left Adeline alounie. But he turned to Guinevere, and paid hier as muchl attention as he had paid Adeline in the beginning. I colld not understand my si;ter in those days. Stir, so proud anid cold to all the world, so inditfferent to her owan affianced livrer, Morsa Hlerbert, became ilsomehow a transformed being with the prince. Ie could make her sad or merry, enthtrsiasvic or angry, by his anceid:tes of things or persons, as no onue elsa had ever been able to do. I have ai:en the tears in her eyes when he sang his plaintire Hungarian songs, andt she never seeuned to tire of his Ilinherto she had certainly not been more enthuiasatic about music than about anythinig else; now sIlte would sit in a kind of hlushed, rapt way whoe he played, and it wea pathetic to sea thie way ia which sIhe came back to her self, and, as if it woero reality, wRhen he had linihedl, She grow, too, so mtuch gentler to every one. Gentlo iS not quite the right words for she was nerver anytbineg but gentle--ymp'thctie, afflc tiorate rather-and to onl especially so; to every one indeed, save poor Morse Ilerbert, and to him her former chilling indifference chIanged into samcthing that looked like hIate and fear. Ieo saw it too. I knew that hedid, altlhouth heosaid nothing to me; but I saw it in his sad, grave, wondering rges, in his compressed lips, in his forced calmness, and in the flashes of fire that sometimea shot from his eyes when he lookd at the prince. Donald too, was dreadfully dismtutbrd, :e had gone down before Guiuevere, as all the wIorld did, aia he wu madly in love with her. ie hkee" tbhat las t?s ing?esd'mLed he kLaew there was no hope for him. Tnat did nrutpro. rent him loving her, or wishing that there had been hope. Poor wretch I lis love did him this good- it opened his eyes to his ,wvn vileness, and matle him ashamed of the inf,.eous life e led in secret. Fir even hatl she b:en free, he knew that he was unworthy -.f her, and that it would have been sacriicgo to have matched auch a ipootlkss hly, suchl a stately san, nwih a thtitt steeped to the hI's in va:e, a mere well-dressed, correctly speaklny, ruffian Wht,w a dre:adful time this was ! Under the smooth exterior of a pleasan: country party, her. nereo we all in ruchi, turmoil and tuimult ;f doubt and fear and Iroe and sorrow as made the whole thing a traredy. I think 1 had as hard a ,art to play as any one. G;uinevree made over More IHerbert to me as if ha had been a fan or a bouquet to hold. Wheneverho wattled to be with her she used to call tns on some peratxt, and then glide quietly away and leave us t glther. For the most part she went off nith the prince, and naturally Mor.e could not be as rude as to leave me alone. I was so sorry for hin ! I used to feel that I would have thankfully aitl down my life to have made hint happy. 1 wonderet at Guine. vere as much as if the had suddenlychanged by some supernatural iruluenee, and I hated the prince more and more, because of the pain that he had caused my poor friend. And Morse was to grateful to me: It almost broke my heart to cee how this tine, noble fellow clung to tmte because I was Guinevere'a sister, and how touched Iie was bv my sympathy. One dahlie said, "Ah, Rachel! if Guirnevere had your sweet nature and lovely character; and if she only cared foar me as touch as you do, dear little sister " "She is far better than I amn, Morse," I an awered; "and some day she will love you as you deserve to be loved." I felt my face grow crimson when I said this, and, in spite of mys,.lf, the tears would come i i to my eyes-I do nt know why-only, perhaps, it pained and shocked me to think that my sister-my queen, my star, my beloved-should have fallen so far below her best self as not to love this noble fellow, and to givehim pain be cause of such a man as the prince. We were all out on the terrace that evenint. and. as usual, the three men had clustered around Guinevere-Donald, the prince, and Morse Herbert. It was a kind of triangular t duel among them-a trial of skill which sclould claim her attention, and imake himself the meat t favored. Morse, with an outburst of passion and pride strangely unlik, himself, seemed as if he stood on his rights and intended to make Gtinerete respect anl acknowledge them. The prince, quiet, subtle, fascinatitC-, offering homage like incense, asked lotelty f,- favor. Donald, feverish, eager, and in o one cases insolent, at leist to the prince, Iltu- himself, as it were, on the spears of her scor,. but w;th a wildd, strang' air, as if he wished to protect her-from tthoa or what? And all this while ishe stood as ac queen among them, supreme in grace and ibe uty and unconquerable pride, at teost to Marse and Donald, but all a;reeteces tand almost tenderness to tile Prince. Adeline and I, with Mackenzio and one or two others, were at a little distance frosnt tihem -just n few step ; but I stood wiere 1 could hear and see all. "1How bcautifully the moon shines on the I fountain!" l aid Gu:neve:e, suddenly. laoiingt down the long, dark avenue to where :he fountain, at the end, shone in the mooalight like some pale softly shtreuded ghost. " Yes, let me take you to it," said M3ores' H!erhert. eagerly, offering his arm. "Yes; let us go," said D oald, raunging himself on the other side. Tioe prince said nothing, but he looked at her with !,ekadintg eyes, antd :!.e looked ba:k at him t with answering ones. " very well, we will go." sail Guinevere. Then in her quiet, queenly tway, turning, It Mlore said : " Morse, br-ng Rachel. The Prince will take care of me." Sae ignored D,nald altogether. Sutch a strangely rapt, such a wonderful look of love and triumph and delight came on the face of the prince as he took her hartd and d-ce it on his arm He was playin; no part. here! Ha did truly and really lore her. Who, inC4ed, could help it? But I saw Donald Glenbarron seize his arm and ho!d it for a minute, as if In a vice, and I distinctly Iheard him say: " Scoundrel, you shall smart for this ." as he pushed past himt rudely and left the terrace in a rage. Morsc, too, was painfully agitated and I could feel his arm trembhl with suppressed passion. Bat what could het d ? lie was not the kind of man to make a rul?:r brawl. for the faver of any woman. If she preferred another to him self, thouogh it broke his heart, he would re. spect her choice. lie inight, being a man, find somie occasion to rer,angu himnielf on hi eriva!. but he would not make t scene in tihe pletence of his lady, and he would not found his iu:rrel on her name. I did my best to cunsole him. bht my bet nas very. very little. IfI-r c:uoll I consols hin in lhisa terrible position, i:tih all tihe agony and humiliation that beset it? What eolerm fullest love and sympi;atiy to hlil, ca 2pared with the want of Guineere'. I lIe seemed pleasei, however, by my tendntuas.. and he made mly heart light for all va snrro,,iul iteae. ings for himnt by tiee nay it wlhich hea said, "lMy darling little tadster, without you I should be wretched inde.d ! You are the only iutt of light in my pr.ennt hlfe. You are worth very muchl to nie-you are very, very dearr." "I wish I could mzke you hiappy"' I answered, "I would if I could, Hear' n knows." "I knaw you woulf." he said: " and. so far as you caln,you do. For my olwn eelf-reScct I imust tot ,tdure this psitaio any Iltter. Is. is unenduiu rale, anl Islhoal! ,lestise tmyalIf fl I did inot put an endl to it. I nost make a:Gine-tl yere eallain herelif clearly; atid if sihe canoet, lo.e mc-" lie stopped, fIr his oico ;;dl:dlly broke, and I sate hiint rai'e his hand t, hiis thlrat and loosen the knot tf his ntscktic. S"Toes we shall lose you again,' I s?aid; and tears came into my eyes, whetihler I would or ItO. "You will never lose me," he nnawered, pres'ingmy hand kindly. "To the etid of my life I shall never forget your saeet kodness ti, cie in my trouble; and cover cea to love veyou as my dear little sister, itly sweet child frieted." "Thank you," Itaid. Bat 1 was not qtite a child. I wasn marly eigihteen now. Guinevcere was just twenIty three. That night there wasi an aufl row down stairs amongst the men. I was standing by thet open wind·-o', for I wan too uaihappr atnd be wildered to sleep, and I heard first Donald and Mors,: talkitg together, then I)onald and tile prince. I did not hear the whole conversntion, of courte. Ididnot listen, an] ,l cooul nott hay' heard it tll even if I had lisht'teil. Besites I did not wish to hear it. Dit I did hiear Donald say to Morse,I - "L;aee him, to me, Hierbert; I will settl him better than yoat can," aind I heard him afterward say to the prince : " "You're a scouudrel-a bi-ger scoundrel than I thought you, Karl. If vyou d, iot drop it, I will expose you, csnt what it I will not add the oaths and bad langu-go with which he clenched this exclnamtion. I did not hear what the prince said in reply. lie had a lsoft, low voice, and alwayn Pnmke in a rather cubduted tone; but Donald's voice was harsh ant load tid rough, anid he never moderated it, so that it wen eauy bt hear his answer in retlmrn, blhnugh I ctld not estch a sound of the o1*t.'r4Ts Coi.we'aC. PC 