THE ST. KILDA LAWN TENNIS CLUB. An Harmonious Backet. The clerk of the weatber had a down on all concerts last week, and he jumped with 'particular ferocity on the splendid entertainment of tbe St. Kilda Iawo Tennis Club at the St, Kilda Town-hall on Thursday, which the enereetic boo. sec retary, Mr; E. J. Watson, has had in preparation for some time past The weather was only suitable for young ducks, hence the' preponderance of ducks of dresses, among tbe small but brilliant audience present. The concert, which opened the programme, was a gem in its way, beginning with ' Die Marionetten ' by the crack amateur organisation, the Bohemian Orchestra. Tbe 6olos were : *' It 1 was a Dream,' by Miss Jennie Bamsay ; 41 When Love is Dead,' by Miss Ada Crossley ; Chopin's Waltz in A flat, by Miss Bcrnat ; and 44 Eetudianlina,' by Mr. H. 6tockwell ; all of which were executed by those accomplished artists in their usual perfect style. Misses Bamsay and Crosaley also gave a duet, 44 In the Dusk of tho Twilight,' and with Mr. Stockwell the trio, 44 I'm Not the Queen.' Mr. Joe Blaschcck, tho amateur star, recited an Exeter Ball missionary speech, and in response to a delighted cncore, a youngster's opinions ou ghosts. 7 'he viccc dc rcsUtanee of the evening was Gilbert's farcical comedy ' Tom Col»b,' an amusing whim sicality dealing with the fcathelic erase, by that sterling amateur association, tbe Balaclava Social Club. Mr. D. Paul was excellent as Colonel O'Fipp, an Irish adventurer familiar to readers of Charles Lever. Mr. J. Batten sustained effectively tho scapegrace Tom Cobb, and his brother sawbones was well done by Mr. Godfrey - Castieau, Miss Hilda Fraser was as charming ns ever in the adventurer's daughter, Matilda O'Fipp. The (esthetic Effingham family, a pronounced type of the Bunthorne-snnflower genut, were capitally taken by Mcesrs. Gardner and Gibbs, Miss L. de C. Berthon and Miss Frances Goldstein, all four catching the spirit of Gilbert's satire to perfection. The action was generally good, but wc would venture to remind this excellent company tbat we don't expect them to depend on the prompter. The stage fittings did credit to Messrs. J. Miller and Co., of High-street, wbo kindly lent them. The ' programme as a whole evidenced Mr. j Watson's talents as an entrepreneur and was worthy of a bouss many times as large. ; 