OUB MODERN MIKAOLE8. Mr. Maskelyne, the well known coDjuror, sod Dr. Weatherly are evidently ? of oplDloD tbat tblngsare growing serious In the world of mlraote. Tbey nave ac cordingly laid tbeir beads together to pro duce a sort of counterblast against tlie marvellous in a volume wblob tbey oall 'Jhe {supernatural with & noteof interroga tion at the end. It la not a moment too soon. Everv dav hrinim farili ite»hlhl. or abnormal powers, and Loudon bas be come one vaBt lecture room of the Sal pGtrlfere. In one establishment tbey are hypnotising people In battalions, In another tbey err heidlng heated debate on the possibility of growing roses witb a wave of tbe baud. Elsewhere two or three strong uien Hre breaking chains or lifting weights by tbe ton, oue agalDat tbe otber, as ' abnormally ' a. tbe rest, for tbeir musclj Is as much gat of the common as a Mnhatma'a Drain. Lastly, a delicate womati is putting even these giants to shame in feats of physical strength, and In ber case it Is only the touch of an electric hand. Tbe doctor and bis coadjutor have evidently not put pen to paper a moment too soon in tbe Interests of public sanity. One of tbem Is a human witch Ii oiler, tbat Is to say, a finder out, and be may be regarded as tbe band of tbe proems of exposure, while the other is the brain. Dr. Weatherly expounds tbe philosophy of Illusion and hallucination, Mr. Maskelyne shows bow tbe thing iB done. Tbey bave chapters on spiritualism, chapters on dreamB. Gboeta receive tbe hardest measure from from them ; tbey will bold no terms witb phantasms of tbe liviDg ; and for tbeosopby In tbe occult department tbe severity of tbeir laoguage Is only tbe just measure of the Intensity of tbeir contempt. Tbey have nothing new to say about these tbiugo, hut tbey repeat tbe old things for tbe purposes of warning. Dr. Weatherly boldB tbat natural causa tion Ib tbe origin of all supernatural seeming. All our pbantaBme, he eays, are either illusions— that is tossy, cases in wbicb, having some fixed idea in our mlnde, we connect it througb the organs of sense, witb a wholly fanciful ImBge wiiuoul — or DaiiucinaiioDB iu wnicn we reverse tbe process. Id tbe latter we work from without iuward:. We see something— the bead of a turnip outside of us, and it immediataly suggests to our ! disordered mindor inner imnthebetdofa ghost. 8peabiug broadly, tbe pure theory of this exposure is not much more recondite tban ' late suppers.' There Ib something tbe matter with us when we have these experiences so much out of tbe common, and we bave only to get well again, in body or mind, to have our illusions disapper. The maddest people see tbe most sight?. Al wuys keep a box of matches by your be.dntde in a haunted house As often aB oot tbe phantom Ib merely rats. These were tbe directions for ghost lay ing, given to onr fathers, and tbey are nearly as venerable as tbe gbost stories themselves. Tbe annoying tbing is tbat tbe stories persist in spite of tbem, and tbat tbe gbosta impudently assume new disguises in every Bge. This lays a heavy burden on tbe police of tbe night side of natnre. Tbe best bBunted man in all London is probably Mr. Maskelyne bim self. GboBiB tbat be bas collared a drzen times, and ' put away' for ioog terms of peoal servitude in tbeir own sphere, are constantly returolng to break bis rest. He bas laid the Indian miracle men over and over again, yet here tbey are once more. It is but tbe old imposter in a new disguise. If these men are half so extra ordinary as their dupes would bave us to believe, Mr. Maskelyne wonders why tbey have never been brought to London to reap a harvest of gold. Tbis seems a very pertinent observation. The basket and child trick, which some people re gard bb marvellous, is tbe simplest thing in tbe world. The basket is so made Uiat tbe little cbild can be snugly coiled all round the upper part of it, wbile tbe juggler is passing tbe sword backward and forward beneatb, and producing tbe streams of blood by a process too simple to deserve mention. When be lifts up tbe basket, tbe cbild bas disappeared, for it is etill in tbe narrow prison within. Wben be sets it down again, tbe little oue who is seen (rotting up from tbe neighbouring grove is merely a twin brother of tbe si ill concealed ori ginal. Tbe mango trick iB done witb tbe belp of a bagor cloth fitted witb pockets, in wbicb (he various specimens that are presently produced by watering a dry stick are carefully stowed away. As forspiritulitts, well nigh every medi um of note has been in the long run fully exposed. Tbe Misses Fox, who made a great impression In America some years ago, were found on medical examination to be mere 'loosely constructed girls,' wbo produced the raps by snapping tbeir toe and knee joints. Tiiey finally 'owned' in the handsomest way. Tbe Davenport Brotbers, who were exposed by Messrf. Maskelyne and Cooke, were the sons of an Amorican policeman, wbo taught tbem tbeir trade. It was but tbe new form of an old trade which oomes from tbe east, hut tbe brothers carried it to great perfectim. Tbe instantaneous tying and untying wassiuiply marvellous, says Mr. Maskeiyne. It beftt'd him for a long wbile, till the accidental falling of a piece of drapery from a window, at a critical moment, let blm into tbe secret. In a few months after tbat be aod Mr. Cooke reproduced every item of tbe Davenport cabinet and dark seance. Tbe inexplloable, according to Mr. Maskelyne, Is merely something we bave not bad time or opportunity to explBln. In some Instances, it is to be very simply explained by a word of three, letters. Tbat word would come in useful, in our estimate of a certain story of the Em peror Jebangire. His Majesty declared he bad teen a chain thrown Into tbe air and remain flxed, wbile lions, tigers, dogs, pigs and panthers were made to asoend and vauisb at tbe top. A few years ago, as Dr. Maudsley bas reminded ub in bis well known book, a chief fudge of a British Consular Court told a gboBt story of a most interesting character. He bBd once been disturbed, be said, in the middle of tbe night by a reporter of the court, wbo insisted on having a copy of ? written judgment wblob tbe judge was to deliver on tbe morrow. Tbe mac simply walked into bis bedroom, and tbe Judge, fearing to awaken bis sleeping wife, compiled with tbe extraordinary request. Tlie next day, wben tbe judge entered the court, tbe usber announced the sudden death of tbe reporter In ques tion. It had taken plaoe at the very moment of hlB nooturnal visit— about 1 in tbe morning. Tbis story was afterwards contradicted in almost every Important Eaiticular by one wbc knew all tbe facts. n the first place tbere was no sleeping wife in tbe matter. Tbe judge was a' widower at tbe time. In tbe next, tbe judge had no written judgment to de liver on tbe day to wblcb be referred, and therefore be delivered none. Then, tbe reporter did not die at the boorof tbe alleged visit, bat between 8 and 9 in tbe morning, and after a good night's rest. TbiB contradiction was sent to tbe judge; be was angry, but be was notable to oon trad let It in biB turn. Our authors are clearly nf opinion tbat all otber narra tives of this sort would fare no better, if tbey cnuld be tested in tbe same way. ' Mere schoolboy trloks — nothing mare.' Tbls Ib how Mr. Maebelyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, desorlbes the feats of Miss Annie Abbott, tbe 'little Georgia magnet.' Mr. Maskelyne bbsb nothing remarkable Id tbem. Ia bit opinion tbe wbole matter Is purely one of leverage. Tbe performer Ib acquainted witb certain natural laws, known to every soboolboy— ' and to many school girls. if It oomes to that,' added Mr. Maskelyne, and ' these are employed by ber with considerable skill. A very In teresting entertainment, no doubt,' re marked Mr. Maskelyne, ' but believe me, there is nothing supernatural or even remarkable about It.' 'Suppose It bBd been claimed for Miss Abbott tbBt she poBseBBed more than mortal powers ; wbat tben ?' ' Ah, thep.' replied tbe wonder worker. 'I should bave felt it my duty to repeat tbe performance upon tbe stage of the Egyp tian Hall, and to show how the thing is done. As it Is, tbis is not necessary. The publio are finding out tbe secret for themselves.' ' But what about Miss Abbott's abnor- 1 mal temperature; surely tbat Ib not arti ficially produced ?' ' Of course, tbere la nothing simpler. If you Inhale through tbe llpa and exhale througb the nostrils your moutli will naturally remain cosl.*' ' Naturally ; but Ib It not Inconceivable that a scientific man should be content to Infer tbe general temperature of tbe lady from tbe condition of her m- utb ?' ' Not at all -. scientific men are always tbe most gullible. Tbey Bre so accuBtomed to wonders that tbey are ready to credit a remarkable story whenever and where* ever found. Whatever tbe men of science wbo were present at tbe Albam braon Saturday may tblnk, no practical man can bave any doubt aB to the true nature of tbe performances. It consists of elaborated soboolboy tricks— very in teresting and amuBlng. but no more Buper natural tban Bre my MabBtmas.' At tbe Egyptain Hall, London, Mr. Maskelyne and hlB confederates have taken occasion to traveBty the supposed wonders of tbe Theosophists. They ' precipitate ' not post cards or letters, but a human being. Tbe new and origi nal mystery wbicb tbe inventors have named 'Ob!' is thus described by an eye witness: — Tbe human being was brought on ; was seated iu a chair witb a sheet ot Iron placed beneath it to prevent him getting tbroDgb tbe floor; one gentleman from the front held a string fastened to blB waist ; another grasped bis hand ; and then aome curtains being drawn around him, be, on tbe word of 'tbe master,' vanished into thin air to come up slightly dBzed soon I afterwards near the front row of etallB. This new edition of tbe vanishing trick wbs very neatly done, and was loudly ap plauded ; and then Mr. Maskelyne made haste to explain that although apparently tbe work of spiriiB, it wbb so mundane | that the inventors had legally secured tbe principl e without exposing the secret, and tbat if MahBtmB9 or anybody elte attempted it, Mr. Nevii Maskelyne and Mr. Charles Morritt would be 'down upon tbem ' In a way to make tbem re pent of tbeir rashness. 