MYSTERY^rTHE ABBEY. CHAPTER CXXVL Sing not of home—tbe words recall Hopes buried in a lonely grave ; BriDg back to wounded memory all Time hath berefr, or love e'er gave. The day fixed for the return of the longexiled wife of Sir William Mowbray to the home of her short-lived wedded happiness at la8t arrived. Tbe setting sun was shining brightly upon the ivy-mantled walls of the old abbey, as the carriages rolled along the newly-gravelled road in the park, through crowds of respectful tenantry and villagers. There were neither shouts nor waving of handkerchiefs. The long-slandered lady was welcomed to tbe balls of her murdered husband with a silent sympathy which expressed more than words—which are too frequently liphomage—not the language of the heart. When the carriage drew up to the porch, where Mrs. Jar my, old Martin, and the rest of tbe servants were waiting to receive her, the emotion which Lady Mowbray had hitherto successfully repressed burst forth when she recognised the well- remembered features of Jarmy and old Martin, scarcely changed Bince the day she first arrived at -Carrow, a happy, blooming bride; the memories of the past crowded upon her brain, resolution gave way, nature asserted its supremacy, and she wept bitterly. Henry Ashton received her half-fainting in hiB arms, and supported rather than led her to tbe drawing-room, where be resigned her to the care of Ellen and lhe Duohess of Devonshire, who, throughout her recent sufferings and trials, had proved herself a sympathising friend. " Thank Heaven," said Dr. Orme, as he shook our hero warmly by the hand, " she has arrived, and borne the shock of revisiting the home of ber early love and sorrow better than I expected 1" " Did you observe," asked Henry, " how she shuddered as I bore her past the library door?" " I did," said tha rector, with a sigh at tbe recollection at the sad fate of bis murdered friend. " Her grace has imparted everything to her." " Everything ?" " Yes; we judged it best. An incautious word—the imprudence of servants—their involuntary terror on passing the fatal apartment—might suddenly have revealed it to her. In my observation of life, Harry," he continued, "I have observed that great shocks seldom kill—it is the petty, repeated ones which wear out the heart and mind!" His former pupil turned aside to hide the emotion he felt at his observation. "What is the matter with you?" continued the old man kindly; " at your age —the world opening brightly before you— your heart should be all sunshine, cheerful as your fortunes t" Taking the arm of the speaker, our hero led him towards the lawn, and related the discovery of his long-absent father in the person of the Khan—the conversation between them—the tone he had assumed, and his Budden disappearance from the farm; adding how deeply his singular conduct had pained him. Respect, if not affection, kept him silent on tbe subject of tbe solemn denial he had previously mrde of any such tie existing between them ; even to the rector he could uot reconcile his mind to utter a word dishonoring to bis parent. " Strange!" said Dr. Orme, musingly; "there can be no reason.for such concealment, unless " He paused, fearful of unnecessarily wounding hiB feelings. " Unless," repeated Henry, finishing the sentence for him, "he had acted like a worthless seducer to my mother; that is the fear which haunts me—sits like a nightmare on my soul—broods over my sleepless pillow ! As for the adventitious advantage of birth, I value it as little as any man; but can I—ought I to ask Ellen to share the fate of one who perhaps haB not even a name to give her?'' Seldom bad his friend s£en our hero yield so completely to vague forebodings. It was evident that his imagination had dwelt so long and intently on the supposition of his illegitimacy, that he considered it a reality. " But you have a heart, my dear boy ]" replied Dr. Orme, soothingly; " and that is all that Ellen cares for 1" "If I have a heart," exolaimed the young man sorrowfully," what must it endon to w« the generoui, high-bora girl who has blessed me with her love, humbled in the world—degraded, perhaps, in the eyes of society, on my account t It would break—break!" " You consider this matter too seriously," said the rector, uneasily. " From the little I have seen, and your description of your father, he does not appear to have been tbe heartless being you suppose. Have ynu never questioned the farmer and his wife upon the subject " Frequently." " What s iy they?" " They know as little of the name asd station of my mother as myself!" answered the youth, with bitterness ; " my life," be added, " is a mysterious problem—its solution, degradation and misery!" " Nothing of the kind !" exclaimed the rector, more and more alarmed at tbe distress of tha Bpeaker ; "your father may have married above his rank—far more likely than below it. Rely upon it, Harry, had you been merely the child of chance, he neve.r would have consigned you to the care of his brother—insulting his honest roof by introducing such an iomate as his nephew. I am disposed to think that he has other and better reasons for his apparently unnatural conduct. Leave it to time," he continued, " which has solved more mysteries than yours. In the meanwhile hope." Without permitting him to resume the subject, the speaker led his adopted Bon towards the house, where he passed one of those sunny hours which, like the oases, mark life's desert, in tbe society of Ellen. There is magic in the eyes of woman, especially wl^n they beam upon us with affection. As the warm rays of the sun disperse the noxious vapours from the earth, so will the smile of woman disperse the mist of care, cleansing the oppressed heart of that perilous stuff whereof Cares and unquiet dreams, which haunt The restless pillow and the waking hour, in youth and ase are alike composed. For that hour Henry Ashton forgot his sorrow, and was happy. Those who, like the hero of our tale, have loved, alone can tell how happy. The return of Lady Mowbray to Carrow Abbey was followed by the silent dispersion of the tenantry; there were no bonfires, no rtj >icings ; all felt that such demonstrations would afford pain rather than gratification to the unhappy widow, whose wounded heart shrank even at the approach of pity. Amongst the rest, Joe Beans, after taking a farewell of Susan, wbo remained to attend on her young mistress, was making his way through the park, meditating most probably on matrimony and the farm which the rector and Henry had both promised him, when the skirts of his best coat, whioh he hal donned for the occasion, were pulled with a violent jerk ; the young man turned somewhat sharply, and recognised his little protege, Red Ralph, who, since the execution of the warrener, had fallen somewhat into disfavor—Joe not approving of the unseemly joy he had dis* played on tbe occasion. " Well, Ralph," he said, " what brings thee here ?" " Partly to see thee, Mister Beans," replied the lad, " and partly to see the fun—' Master Harry, parson, and ladies. There be no harm in that, I s'pose—there wor no hanging; but thee beest angry wi' I; but I knowed no better." " No better, Ralph ?" said Joe, seriously. "No; I wor never taught better I How should I 'a knowed it wor wrong to Bee old man hanged? Arter all, it worn't so pleasant!" There was a truth in tbe poor lad's defence which his patron felt; although, to make an impression on the mind of the speaker, he did not for the moment choose to acknowledge it. He had never been taught better ( How many an unfortunate, arraigned at the bar of justice for some outrage to the laws of honesty, might retort the same words upon that society which accused and punished him. Why spend BO much upon prisons, when school- houses are not only cheaper, but far more effectual for the prevention of crime ? The schoolmaster is a better instructor than the gaoler. " You must go to school, Ralph !" said the young man, in a kinder tone. "Ees! I should like that!" " I'll get Master Harry to speak to the farmer to spare you of aa evening. I am no great scholar myself; but thank Heaven I can both read and write 1" " Can 'ee, though ?" exclaimed the boy, with a stare of admiration. "Ay, and oipber, too!" added Joe. " And you, if you choose to be industrious, p»y soon do the same," :-> —" ITALY," BY THB AUTHOB. Ralph cat one of* those extraordinary capere—something between the pirouette of a French dancer and the gyration of a dervish—his usual mode of expressing satisfaction. " Thee beest mortal kind to I!" he said. " And if there be anything I can do, only tell II Hang it, I'd ehoot anyone that did thee harm, Mister Beans, and think nought on it I" " Be attentive and honest," replied Joe, with a smile at tho exuberant gratitude of the lad; " and any little good I can do for you, Bilph, will be lepaid. You must leave me now," he added, " for I have a great deal upon my mind, and " " I know—I know!" interrupted the boy, with a grin. " You know ?" " Ees ! Thee beest thinking o' Susan ! I heard farmer tell dame thee wor to marry her, and Master Harry gi' thee a farm. I wish someone would give I a farm/' he added; " wor it no bigger than Hemnant'o Field at Mortlake." "All in good time, Ralph," said Joe, laughingly. " Stranger things than that may happen. Good-night!" And BO they separated; Joe Beans towards the rectory, and the red-haired urchin through the wood, a short cut to the farm, where he had been employed, ever since his arrival at Carrow, by Farmer Ashton. Red Ralph continued bis route, whistling and ocoasionally muttering to himself, more like some elf-begotten sprite than a Christian lad, till he approached the deep, secluded dell in which the hut or cottage formerly inhabited by his old enemy, Will Sid^ler, was situated. Ever since the «xecution of the murderer, it had been regarded with a superstitious terror by the country people and farm laborers 5 the old women of the village even went so far as to say that it was haunted. Now, though Ralph, as we have seen, during his residence at Mortlake was anything but superstitious, still, somehow or other, since the death of tbe warrener, he did not feel quite so courageous as formerly. As he approached the spot, his whistle gradually subsided into a sort of humming sound, produced by impelling the breath between the teeth; and more than once he started at the rustling of the fox or wild cat stealing like a thief through the farze and brushwood. " Dang it!" be said, pausing and looking round him; "it be almost dark) I have a good mind to go back 1" He advanced slowly for a few paces. "They'd laugh at I at farto! No, I man go on?" The boy, who had spent much of hie time ia the woods and gelds, and had been conoerned, on more tbau one occasion, in poaching excursions in the hallowed precincts of Richmond Park, possessed an eye and ear almost aB acute as a yonng Indian'?. Under the influence if not of positive terror, at least of alarm, he began to exercise them, avoiding, involuntarily as it were, each clump of trees or brushwood in his path, behind which any evil-dispoBed marauder might conceal himself; by this time his whistling had entirely ceased. In this frame of mind be reached, at last, the little open sward in front of the hut. To his astonishment, he noticed a stream of red light passing through the windows. At first he thought it was the reflection of the sunset in the glass; but the window was due east, and Ralph was sufficiently an observer of nature to know that the sun never set in that direction— " at least," as he afterwards used to say, when relating his adventure, " I know'd that it never did at Mortlake!" All the strange reports which he bad previously heard and laughed at, touching the hut being haunted by the spirit of Will Sideler, came crowding on his mind.' After the stare of astonishment which the conviction that the light came from the inside of the cottage, instead of being reflected from the casement, had subsided, his first impulse was to fall flat on hie face, and creep, like a wild anim«J, under tho brushwood. He did not feel himeelf in security till safely sheltered there. "What the stable was to old Martin, a hole in the hedge, or a nook in some furzebush, appeared to Red Ealpb—the beBt place in the world for counsel or meditation. Even when a boy, he could always collect his thoughts, or devour tbe fruit he had pilfered, with greater satisfaction there. Oa such occasions he did not like to be intruded upon. " What can it be ?'' he mentally' asked himself. "I heard steward tell farmer, . only this mornin', that hut wor a-comin' .down I flobody vould live in it. Soma. body, though," he added, " does live in it 1 Mayhap, only poachers; mayhap, sunnnut worse 1" Ralph had great faith in a stick. • His first care, therefore, was to choose a stout young sapling, which he cut and trimmed till he had obtained an excellent cudgel— which, there is little doubt, he would have the firmness to US' 1 , if assaulted—for there was an instinctive combativeness in his nature, very like that which is observed in young terriers in their stage of puppyhood. Most puppies merely bark—th?y do not bite! " If it bean't a ghost," muttered the boy, passing the stick critically between his finger and thumb, " I don't so much care 1 I bean't afeard of real flesh and blood like myself; but I shouldn't wish to see t' old man wi' a cotton nightcap over his face, his legs a skriggling and a skriggling —ugh !" A shudder, and an involuntary expression of disgust at tbe recollection of the scene he had witnessed, came over him. iArmed with his cudgel and resolution, Ralph ventured to creep from his hidingplace to an oak tree, whose gnarled blanches overshadowed the road, and nearly reached the roof of the warrener's hut. Cautiously climbing the trnnk, he placed bimsell astride one of the branches, and gradually advanced till he found himself in a position to perceive whatever was taking place in the interior of the cottage, from whose window the light continued to stream with a still redder glare. A cheerful fire was burning upon the hearth, and an iron kettle or pot swinging over it. Upon the table in the centre of the room was a plate, together with a loaf of bread and a bottle. Bat what most excited the boy's attention was a small black box, with bright silver clasps to it. He felt assured that he had seen it before, although be could not remember where. "They bean't no ghosts," thought Ralph; " but poachers! What a fool I wor!" Satisfied that the conclusion he had come to was the correct one, he would have descended from the tree and pursued his way towards the farm, had not a vague curiosity restrained him. He fancied that he should like to see the person for whom such preparation was being made. « Some brave chap, no doubt," he muttered ; " and fond o' a bit 0' sport! So be 1; mayhap we shall sgree together. Still the black box with the silver claspB excited fits attention; he could not remove his eyes from it. It appeared to possess a species of fascination for him. He felt both curious and provokedj curious as to its contents, and annoyed at himself for not recollecting where he had seen it before. To all appearance the hnt was tenantless, and the occasion was very tempting, Ralph gradually went backwards along the arm of the oak, till he reached the trunk, down which he carefully slid, carrying his stick between his teeth during tbe operation. " I will see, I be determined !" he said ; " if they catch, they can't hang 11 I arn't a thief!" The curious urchin approached the do3r with the firm resolution of entering the cottage by the window, in the event of finding it locked. With a caution which the most experienced housebreaker might have envied, he placed his hand upon the latch, and pushed once or twice gently; finding that it resisted his effortB, at last firmly. He was puzzled—there was no lock, that he could see, to the door, and yet he could not open it; the natural inference was, that it was barred on the inside; if so, some one must be there. The discovery made him cautious. " It be a rum go 1" he mentally observed. " I can't see any one, and there be only one room in t' plsce 1" His next attempt was at the window, where a terrible surprise awaited him—a surprise which, from being a half-sceptic in ghost storieB, transformed bim at once into a true believer. Standing with his back to the fire was tho warrener; he could tot be deceived—it was his dress, his tall, gaunt figure, hat, and gibern. The red hair of the urchin began to rise and fall as if life were in it; fortunately, his terro» waB too great for words or exclamation. He dropped from the windowsill, and fell senseless upon the sward. {To bt continued ) 