Apostolical Succession. I am, &c.; CHARLES L. MARSON. S. Oswald's, Feast of S. Perpetus, 1892. I am, &c.; P. R. PYMAR DODD. Burnside, March 7,1892. -I am, &c;, H. M. POLLITT. All Saints', Hindmarsh. I am, &c.; AUDI ALTERAM PARTEM. WESTERN DEACON. I am, &c.; H. GAWLER. Oakbank, March 8, 1892. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—For the benefit of " Ajax" please allow me to complete the passage from Von Dollinger, of which I have already quoted the portion applicable to my dispute with "Another Observer." It is as follows:—"The fact that Parker was consecrated by four rightly consecrated bishops rite et legitime with imposition of hands, and the necessary words is so well attested that if one chooses to doubt this fact one could with the same right doubt a hundred thousand facts, or (as was done in jest after the appearance of the 'Life of Jesus' by Strauss) one could represent the history of the first Napoleon as a myth. The fact is as well established as a fact can require to be. Bossnet has acknowledged the validity of Parker's consecration, and no critical his torian can dispute it. The orders of the Roman Church could be disputed with more apparent reason." With reference to the state ment- of "Ajax' that the Anglican Church does not claim apostolic succession, the follow ing is an extract from the " Book of Common Prayer" (preface to the ordinal), where it has stood for centuries unaltered—unaltered in deed save slight verbal changes since the re formation, before which time no one will pre- tend that the Anglican Church had any doubt in the matter: —"From the apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church, bishops, priests, and deacons. Which offices no man might presume to execute except he were with imposition of hands admitted thereunto: and therefore no man shall be accounted to be a lawful bishop, priest, or deacon in the Church of England, or suffered to execute any of the said functions, except he be admitted thereto according to the form hereafter following, or hath had formerly Episcopal consecration or ordination." In the "form" alluded to the bishop and his assis tants are directed to lay their hands on the head of the person to be consecrated or ordained, with the words " Receive thou the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a bishop (or priest) in the church of God," Ac., &c; In the face of. all this it seems strange to find even a Rr.Tna.niat asserting that the Anglican Church does not claim the apostolic succession. "Ajax" says that the ordinal of Edward VI. is wanting in the essentials of a sacramental rite, because it possesses no form which deter mines the matter to the prescribed end. I suppose he means that the office of bishop is not specified in the actual words of consecra tion, for there are three mentions in the ser vice of its purpose being to consecrate a bishop. Is "Ajax aware that there was a Hi'miKr omission in the " Sarvm Pontifical" used by the Anglican Church before the reformation, and ako in the Boman Pontifical? Moreover, the mention of the purpose of the rite at that particular point in the service is not among the essentials of valid consecration prescribed by various early councils {eg., the African Canons of the Fourth Council of Carthajge). With respect to Barlow not having been consecrated, this theory was set np A.D. 1616, 80 years after Barlow's accession to the See of S. David's, and was founded on the discovery that the actual official record of his consecration was missing, asare those of not a few other bishops of Henry VUX's reign. Bub Barlow's " con firmation" as bishop is entered in the register. Moreover there is plenty of evidence that he was accepted as a bishop by contemporaries who would certainly have been most forward to repudiate him if there had been any douoD of his consecration. Bishop Gardiner, writing to Protector Somerset, speaks of Barlow as "bishop," and calls him his "brotherof S. David's," and Queen Mary's cong€ naming Bourne to the See of Bath and Wells, whither Barlow was translated, specifies the " resignation of William Barlow, last bishop thereof," as the cause of the vacancy. No argument against Barlow's consecration has ever been adduced except the loss of a paper which may even yet be found some day. But even if Barlow never had been consecrated it would not be an important matter, for the only way in -which it could nave affected the apostolic succession in the AngKram Church wonld have been through the fact thai) Barlow was Hie chief oonseorator of Archbishop Parker, who succeeded Cardinal Pole at Canterbury. Now the record of Parker's con secration is extant in the archives of Lambeth, and we know that Barlow was assisted by three bishops, about whose consecration no doubt has eyer been expressed. To get over this some objectors have found a last resort in a theory that assisting bishops laying on ((heir hands could not remedy the defect if tne-prin cipal consecrator were not capable of giving valid orders. But this really can only be called puerile quibbling. The express reason of the enactment of the ancient Kicaean canon re quiring three bishops to take part in every consecration was to guard against any chance of invalidity, so that B and C might supply any defect in A. This is dearly enforced by Ligvori and others, and is, of course, obvious. The register of Parker's consecration moreover happens to mention particularly that each of the four consecrators recited aloud the formula of consecration when laying on bands. Vet again. Even if all this could be put aside, and it could be shown that she apostolic succession was lost to the Anglican Church at the time of the reformation, it was regained in Archbishop Laud, for of the six bishops who consecrated him, one (Bishop Felton of Ely) had been consecrated in IGI7 by the Archbishop of Spalato (whose possession of apostolic succession no HV>matiiat at any rate will deny) and others, and two others had been consecrated by Irish bishops, concerning whose possession of valid orders no question has been raised; In concluding this letter it is only right to say that of course I do not pre tend to be furnishing original information, but am largely drawing upon what has been published by Dr. Yon Dollinger, Dr. Little dale, and others. —I am, *c, One Entitled to Couuisebation ash Pabdok. P.S. —The "opinions of the reformers" which " Ajax" calls one of his " points" against the existence of valid orders in the Anglican Church will be found formally stated in the extract from tte Prayer- book printed above. Sir—The Italian mission rashes to the help of non-theological in the controversy ixooa apostolical succession, and these foreign gentlemen join with the Wesleyans in the vain attempt to assert that the Prayer-book does not teach us to believe in "one Catholic and Apostolic Church," and that if High Church (sic/) divines do teach this, it is faulty, (or the English Christian Society has been broken up and reconstituted. True the record of Bishop Barlow's consecration is lost, but three other bishops simultaneously consecrated Parker, and the Nicene canons order but three in all! If our ordinal was defective, so was the ordinal at Rome for 1,000 years. If we fall the Italian mission tails too, and the Weeleyans may build consecration oat of the wreckage of the whole church. The belief of the reformation bishops might have been faulty, but even the Primate of Borne himself has not always been free from heresy. In fact the grace of boly orders is the grace of position and not of character. The Italian mission would like to claim Australia as a merely Protes tant continent, but it cannot be done, for the Australian Catholic and Apostolic Church bars the way. If, however, we ardently re form the con upt Australian Church, and they ardently reform away those wicked anti democratic and anti-national taints in the Italian Church, the spiritual children of S. Augustine will be ready and willing to return to devout filial (not servile) obedience to the eon of S. Gregory. But to help Wesleyans to revile the Holy Mother is inexcusable, and puts off that reunion. Some foolish man asks me to cive texts bom the New Testament to prove the authority of the Holy Church. Will he find me any Parliamentary authority for the authority of Parliament: The church wrote, cuited, and gave such authority to the New Testament as that text-book possesses. Apart from the Church the Bible is a dangerous fetish, especially for ignorant book worshippers. Sir —Two Roman Catholics write In your ietjxe of the 7th inst. endeavoring to disprove the validity of Anglican orders, and bringing forward the usual stock arguments which are wont to be propogated by Romanists for this purpose. Tbeir Tetters are so similar that one is tempted to infer that the writers took counsel with one another. "A member of the Church of old England" gives us certain opinions of Luther; we are not concerned with the private opinions of Luther, who never hod anything to do with the Church of England or even with the private opinions of Cranmer, who had. The question is, does the Church of England bold the doctrine of apostolical succession, and has hhe acted as if she p?«^cl and valued it? It is absurd for R-jtnmi-.ts, who know very little mbout the Anglican cn.-u -mnnion, to assume that this doctrine is u.iiy held byafew High Churchmen; itUbelievedin by the main body of Anglicans, whether high, low, or broad, and the truth of this fact is nut altered by bringing forward individual ex etption? like Dean Lefroy or the late Dr. Hatch. The present Bishop of London once said in answer to some querist —" Whether or no the Church of England has laid doira this doctrine as an article of belief in her formu lajiee, she has taken good care to assure her self of her practical possession of it." For many years it was customary with Romanists to put forward what is known as the Nag's Head Fable. Firet Idngnard, then Estcot*, compelled, them to drop this story, which we now seldom hear of; we have, instead, to con tend with their argument that Barlow, the chief consecrator of Parker, was never himself consecrated. The only testimony brought forward in proof of this is the fact ot the loss of the register of Bar low'e consecration, but because there is no mention in the register of Archbishop Wai ham of six of the 2U consecrations per formed by that prelate Romanists do not venture to state that the six biehopa concerned were never consecrated. There was a good deal of carelessness about these matters of registration at this time. We know that Barlow was treated aa a bishop; he took his place in the House of Lords and also in con vocation ; he is commissioned by Cranmer to assist in the consecration of one Arthur Boolby to the bishopric of Bangor. He is therefore acknowledged as bishop by Church and State. Moreover, no objection was ever taken to his performance of episcopal functions during the 30 years of his life as a bishop, or until 40 years after his death, when the Pope wanted an excuse for sending the present Italian mission to England. There is plenty of indirect evidence showing that Barlow received consecration between June 11 and Jane 30, 153 C. For further information let me refer your correspondents to the Roman Catholic writer, Courayer. The pri vate opinions of Bishop Barlow have nothing to do with the matter. As a condition of entering the episcopate he had to conform to certain observances insisted upon by Church and State, and it is no argument to say that he must nave refused conformity because he attached little importance to the observances in question. Doubtless there was same inoon -Bia|picy between his professions and practice, but Roman Catholio bishops and even popes themselves have not always been famous for the virtue of consistency. Farther, the validity of Parker's consecration does not depend on Barlow's consecration, for Barlow was assisted on the occasion by three other prelates, all of whom, as is proved by the liambeth register, recited the actual words of consecration. No doubt has been cast upon the consecration of these three bishops; indeed one of them, Hodgkiss, wa? consecrated according to the old pontifical form in St Paul's Cathedral in 1537. I believe that according to the Roman theory there can only be one consecrator. That is not the view of the Church of England, and for that reason the Church of England has always taken care that at least three bishops should officiate at every consecration. In the Roman Church this rule is often dispensed, e.g , the whole Roman episcopate in United States of America owes its origin to one bishop, who of course duly received his commission to consecrate from the Pope of his day. One of your papal correspondent* avers that "the ordinal of Edward VL contained no form determining the matter to sacerdotal ends; this ordinal was the only one in use for 100 years, and was only altered because Anglicans were taunted by Catholics (sic) with lacking apostolical succes sion." This is a most unscrupulous statement, as I shall proceed to show. A deliberate fiction is here given out as a solid fact. In the last revision of the ordinal the words, " for die office and work of bishop" were added. The words were not a return to the old form, whether tint phrase denotes the use of Edward VL earlier office book or theme-reformation rite, for they are in neither of them, and are in fact a new departure altogether, entirely peculiar to the CTmting ordinal, intended to bar a Presbyterian gloss on the office, and having no concern whatever with the Roman controversy against the Church of England. The express mention of a distinctive order is not necefifiary in ordination, neither is mention of sacramental consecration necessary. This has been decided by the Sacred Congregation at Rome in the case of the Abyssinian Ctturch. Bnmnn Catholics also assert that the non delivery of the "instruments" affect the validity of the orders. To this it may be replied that there is no delivery of instruments in the Eastern Church, and yet that Bomanist? allow the validity of the orders of that Church. On the question of jurisdiction I will not enter. If bishops and clergy must have their authority to teach and preach from the Pope alone, and all jurisdiction and power must come from the See of Rome, then it is very clear that Bishop Kennion and all the other Anglican bishops have not a leg to stand on, but our ration d'etre is that we do not hold this doctrine. Sir—The Rev. Joseph Nicholson, whom I am glad to find numbering me among his friends, would apparently like me to say more definitely where I find a threefold ministry in the New Testament. I really thought I had sufficiently indicated the Scriptural beta. However, here are some of the texte:— S John xx. 21. Acts vi. 6, xiv. 23, jrii. 17, xv. 13, xxi. 18, L Tim. L 3, iii. I—ls, v. 1—22, vi. 3, 5, 20, H. Tim. i. 6, Titns L 5, iiL 10, Phil. ii. 25, Col. iv. 17. Philem. 2, Rev. iL L 8, 12.18, iii. 1, 7,14. Here we see the pleni tude of itiiniKterial power divinely given to the apostles, who ordain elders and deacons, and after a time commission others, giving them power to ordain, and ruling authority over both clergy and laity. For historical proof it seems to me difficult to imagine any thing stronger tium that implied in Hooker's chalTengeTtoe unanimous consent in its favor of all ancient Christendom, east and west, orthodox and unorthodox, primitive and mediaeval. It fulfils the requirements of the Vinnpntian canon, "Quod temper, quod v/nqve. quod ab onawbut." However, let me add an extract from Smith & Cheetham's Dictionary of Christian Antiquities:—"The power of ordination belonged to bishops exclusively. They were the organ by which the Church was enabled to perpetuate the ministry. Start ing with the fact that no one is spoken of in the New Testament as ordained except either by an apostle or by one delegated by an apostle "to this special office the earliest intimation we meet with is the statement by S. Clement, of Borne (in the first century), which draws a plain distinction between the original appointment of presbyter-bishops and deacons, and the subsequent provision made by the apostles of an order of men who should be able to perpetuate those offices. When next the suoject happens to be men tioned the ordainers are assumed as a matter of course to be bishops, and the question is only of their requisite number, and acts, and the like. Apettolic cnjvmi—L ' Let a bishop be ordained by two or three bishops.' 2. ' Let a presbyter be ordained by one bishop. 1" Then after citing numerous testimonies of fathers and councils notice is taken of several cases of attempted ordination by presbyters only, which were annulled by Synods. Sorely, sir, if none but bishops were allowed to ordain then the very existence of clergy to-day in the churches which unite in die ancient belief respecting the essentials of ordination proves irresistibly the succession of bishops continuously from the apostles. Granting, for the sake of argument, that some of those who have been taken for bishops have not really been so, still any defect in this or that mesh of the net has soon been made good by the operation of the primitive canon that a bishop must be consecrated by two or three bishops. "Si," says the late learned Dr. Littiedale, "Liguori lays down, while Martene (another Roman Catholic authority) is express in defining the assist ing bishops to be co-oonsecrators and not mere witnesses." This means that if only one of the three oidainers was himself validly ap pointed the apostolic succession would be per fectly preserved. I musti repeat what I said in my former letter that the apostolic succes sion is not a chain, but a vast net. The plurality of consecratars required by the primitive church was a wise provision to remedy any possible defect in this or that con secrator, and to render a breach of continuity practically impossible. The great Yon Dol tinger's vindication of Anglican orders, if it stood alone, would be amply sufficient to clear them from the asper sions of a whole wilderness of anonymous Romanists. Those aspersions may therefore be disregarded, at anyrate for the present. I have already occupied too much of your spaoe. Perhaps Mr. Marson may think it well to belp the writer who waste chapter and versa for the Church and the Faith. I was fully aware, and thought every student of the Holy Scriptures knew, that in the New Testament the words "bishops" and "elders" both stand for the same order. As to Alford I for get, but Bishop Lightfoot certainly finds a threefold ministry in the New Testa ment By the bye, Mr. Nicholson kindly offers me some lessons in ecclesiastical history, and I may be glad of them; but in the meantime might it not be as well for him to look up again the date of Archbishop Cranmer? I am afraid he will find that the poor man had been burnt long before the seventeenth century. However, "Jove some times nods."- Sir—While the question of apostolical suc aee?ion is dividing the nominal Christian com munity here into two sections, allow me to quote the opinion of a. third party. Mr. Fronde, the historian, who for several yeaca 'was a clergyman of the Church of England, came to the conclusion that it was based on a fallacy. In his volume "Short Stadias on Great Subjects" he writes:—" The Church of England may play at sacerdotalism and masquerade in mediaeval garniture; the dergy may flatter one another with notions that they can bind and loose the souls of their feUW- Chnstians and transform the substance of the sacramental elements by spells and gestures; bat they will not at this time of day persuade intelligent men that the bishops on their ordi nation gave them really supernatural powers. Their and processions may amuse for a, time by their novelty, bnt their preten sions deserve essentially no more respect than those of spirit-rappers, and the serious forces ot the world go on upon their way no more affected by them than if they were sh&dowe.;" Sir Charles Dilke, the author of " Problems of Greater Britain," re ferring at page 590 to Australia, writes :—" Of f reethonght in its various forms there has been some growth during the last 15 or 20 yeara that nave witnessed an increase of church subscrip tions and church attendance; but as a rule freethinking colonists continue their member ship and their attendance at orthodox churches, evtn where their beliefs are honeycombed with doubt, rather than disconnect themselves from their congregations. Australian freechoaght is not aggressive in its character. Freuthought leotnres oocwC00*"? draw enormous audienoea, but the unbeliefB™ of tne working class stay at home asarttk on Sunday mornings and evenings, and do Joo' trouble themselves to join societies to spr«d their ™™-" Thus there are three aides JO the question. Sir—Mr. Joseph Nicholson ha« said (hat the dogma, of aooatolieal succession cannot be proved either from Scripture or fr?Btory._ I would call his attention to the following points as summed up by a great divine of the Kigiish Church:—" 1. \Ve have the I*ord Himself per sonally appointing the apostles, and appa rently assuring them that their ministry would last nil the end of the world. 2. We have in the New Testament the history of the first 30 or 40 years of the Church, during the whole of which period the one sole supreme govern ment is the apostolic with the exception of the Church in one city- 3. This inception is the mother Church of Christendom, which (if St. James be not an apostle) is under episcopal as distinguished from apostolic rule. 4. We have the great apostle of the Gentiles ruling the churches committed to him with an hyper-episcopal oversight, keeping apparently all power of every sort in his own hands. 5. We have the apostle at the close of his career writing letters to the men throngh whose means he had exercised his episcopal control over churches in all parts of the civilised world, in order to in struct them in the right nee of the qnasi apostolic powers he had made over to them. Then there is a gap of some 70 years at the most, and at the end of this period history presents us with the spectacle of the Christian Church everywhere officered by men poe?eabUi? the governmental and ordaining powers of the apostolic delegates, though (as was to be expected) with more denned and localised spheres of action. And yet we are asked to assume the existence of some inter mediate Presbyterian or Congregational system, of the constitution of which history has not preserved to as one fragment, and which, if established, must have been established with out any principles of permanency impressed upon it • so tint, according to the confession of those who conjecture it, its very memory had perished out of the mind of the Church within a hundred years after its appointment. It seems incredible that a Preabyterate ap pointed by Knox and Melville should have bs'ed 300 years, whilst a supposed corre sponding system appointed by St. Paul himself hopelessly collapsed in half a century." Apostolical succession as a principle of continuity in the Church is required by the ideal of the Church as set forth by Christ and by His servant, St Paul, and it has been maintained in disciplina and practice from the first by the universal Church, including the venerable Church of England, as indicated in her ordinal. Mr. Nicholson says he will be happy when Confe rence duties are past, to supply us with the particulars of the *'hiatus" in Anglican oon tinuity. I am afraid he has been deceived by that papistical story of the Nag's Head and Archbishop Parker, which is acknowledged to be false even by all re putable Soinieh writers, such as Dr. Lingard and Mr. Tierny, and indeed the story itself bears upon its face its own condemnation. And speaking of Conference reminds me to a*k Mr. Joseph Nicholson whether the follow ir g is a true copy or not of a minute passed by the Wesleyan Conference of 1793:—"We do assure you that we have no design or desire of making our societies separate churches. We have never santioned ordination in England, either in this Conference or in any other, in any degree, nor ever attempted to do it. The representation of us concerning this point ia entirely false." If the above be true surely the Method'st Society must have gone in for "development" akin to that with which they sometimes charge our outer the Roman Church. Sir—The various letters which have appeared in your columns for and against the validity of the claim to apostolical succession by biahop3 of the Church of England have come in very handy during this hot weather, for they combine the maximum of amuse ment with the minimum of instruction. The opposing parties launch at each other's heads quotations from Scripture and secular history, mixed up with the Opinions of divines more or less learned, as if the salvation of man kind (or at any rate of the Cbriatian portion) depended upon a true solution of the question. The fact is that the origin of the controversy lies in the spirit of sacerdotalism common to the priests or ministers of all religions. The claim to spiritual descent from the Apostles has given to Episcopalian ministers a long run of ecclesiastical pre-eminence, and non-Episco palian iminigtM?j especially ip these colonies where there is no Slate church, naturally feel that unless the validity of this claim can be got out of the way they must continue to hold, ecclesiastically, an inferior position; in other words, that their craft will always be endan gered until they can reduce Episcopalian minis ters to their own level. If we are not to believe anything with sufficient confidence to govern our actions except what is capable of positive proof, I think that many cherished popular beliefs would be knocked on the head ; even the Christian religion itself would have rather a hard time of it. History repeats itself. In early times one was of Paul and another of ApoHos; and so now, one is of ex-President Nicholson and another of General Booth. And we are told that one man esteemed one day above another, while one esteemed every day alike; but that each was to be thoroughly persuaded in his own mind, and not constitute hjiruwlf a judge of his neighbor. Instead of which we cow find a professing Christian talking inhigh falutin' style about the " brotherhood of man," and in the same speech contemptuously carping at a fellow Christian for scrupulously observing Ash Wednesday. The "brotherhood of man" will remain, as it is, a mere twaddling platitude if even a small body of Christians cannot treat each other with more courtesy and forbearance. Why do not the non-Episco palians tackle the Roman Catholic Church, the fountain head of apostolical succession, in stead of wasting their learned efforts on an off shoot? Why? Because they know that the Church of Rome, conscious of the strength of her position, would scorn to enter upon such an undignified controversy, and also because if she did so enter they also know that they would come off considerably second best in the scrimmage. 