MELBOURNE. - - - (FR05I.OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.j;_ " * -Tuesdav* " Sonic of the members'of tlieljegislativo Assembly lire much anuoyed at the pro posed reduction of -.their salaries under the retrenchment percentage " scheme. They do not thmk 'it . should 'apply :to. them, as 'they have many demands on' their pockets which private folk or the ordinary civil servant wots not of. i Plenty of other people who favor extra taxation and retrenchment, lookafc the- matter, in a similar way, and heartily -approve of all the Government proposals so long *as they don't apply to them. It is urged that as a matter of fact, the members should be reduced 5 per cent., but the Govern-" incut are letting them off-^with, 2i per cent., or. £" 10s per annum, and. yct.tlie ' grumblers think they, should be - exeuipt. .?The law pomiitting prisoners to give evidence on their own behalf opens up a very wide avenue for lying, aud another illustration to that effect was afforded in the Criminal Court to-day,when a young man named James Smith was charged with stealing a watch from a person un known. The chief witness for the prose cution was a porter named-M'Douald," attached to the Melbourne Post Office. He saw two men robbing a third one night in Elizabeth-street and went to the hitter's assistauce. The thieves van away, but one of them, who subsequently- gave the 'name of Smith, was captured by M'Donald, when he virtually admitted the offence. To-day, however,be entered the box and coolly protested his inno cence, and the Chief Justice followed by calling the . attention of the Crowii to prisoner's statements, and concluded by complimenting M'Donald for his con duct. : .' - «" Thafcinteresting specimeii of criminality known by his familiars sis " The Plum," aud in official records as Alexander "Wil liams, "was before the Carlton court to day on the elastic charge of vagraucy. Prisoner is believed to have been con cerned in the plunder of the Albert Park railway station, but the police could not quite prove his connection wit h it. Pri soner, in his defence, contended that he had been leading an honest life, but the Bench thought otherwise and ordered him 12 months' imprisonment. . < The affairs of the Land Credit Bank were further ventilated to-day in the Criminal Court, when the hearing of the charges against Taylor and Clarke was continued. ' Charles Martin, ex-chairman of the directors, was . farther examined. He instanced a number of transactions in vihieh the bank had been interested, and reft>-red to one case in which the cheque of a laau had been honored for £300 though \>e had no account at the hank, but was hugely interested in the institu tion. Mr Purves, in cross-examining witness, was very severe on him, in sinuating that he had been guilty, of gross neglect, and had generally bungled aud mismanaged matters. Then Dr. H. St. J. Clarice, another , director, was ex amined, but there was iic fresh light- on the ease'up to the hour for adjournment. : The Metropolitan Board of "Works had its. first " free discussion " to-Say in connection with the proposal to .raise certain officers' salaries, as recomnicnflnd by a committee. The enginccr-in-chiet, whoso branch the officers belonged to, refused to endorse the recommendations, aud several commissioners strongly sup jjorted him. The interchange of language between 'the contending parties got decidedly warm at times, hut the ad vocates of incre:ise were in a slight majority, aud asserted their position :by , negativing an amendment to refer the recommendations back to the -committee -thus virtually confirming them. : There is a rumor abroad .that the Treasurer purposes to cut down the prospecting vote to £70,000, hnt.it lacks confirmation. Judicial sanction was given by Mi 'Justice Holroyd to-dry to the scheme for the reconstruction of the Australian De posit aud Mortgage. Bank, subject to somesliglit modifications which suggested themselves to his Honor, and which in his opinion will provide additional safe* "guards for the rights of those interested. At an auction sale in I.'Omion an early English MS. Bible sold for £21 10s. It was decided at a meeting of farmerslield at Gamperdown, to hold a ploughing match competition in the district on Thursday, llth August. The movement in connection with the ploughing contest was - readily taken up and a sum of £15 towards the prize fund was subscribed at the meeting. . There was a splendid attendance at the meeting in conuection with the Geelong ^SIuttiaLImprovemerit Association on Monday night which was set apart for elocutionary re citals. .,The president occupied the chair* Mr Jarman was elected a member, and one nomination was secured. ; The following took part: Messrs E. Cotton "Eugene Arani," A. Hunter The knight's toast."-. A. "\Villiatns "The Baron's last banquet," "W. Burns "Gniliy or not guilty," E. Creer "Thesick stockrider," E. Oouves "A hunting song," E. Heudv "Pandecu O'Kaffertv's ' sea voy age^" T. Shepherd " Montrose," E. Wilcox " "Virginia," and the dialogue "Bochiel's warning " hy D. Marshallaud A. Aikinan.' A decided improvement was uoticed in mem bers' eiforts, no doubt due to the excellent tuition imparted to them by Mr Lauranccj teacher of elocution at the Gordon College. The subject for next meeting is "short essays on famous Generals," which no" doubt will prove very interesting. - v ! The vagaries of the stupid individual who lias for some nights past caused much an noyance in the neighborhood,of . Biillarufc North by - 'suddenly appearing robed in white before unsuspecting pedestrians, are now assuming a serious aspect. Un Sunday; night as a number of young ladies were pro ceeding- homeward from church, they, were pounced upon by the supposed ghost, whose hands and a portion of liis faco aro phos-^ pliorised. Xhe apparition (says tlio ? Ballar.it Slur) asjmijrbt be imagined, greatly frigh tened the young ladies, one of whom swooned, and it was only with great difficulty that her companious restored her to 1 con-: sciousness. She was subsequently taken home, and all day on Monday she was suifering considerably from , the eftects of tho uupleawint experience of tho. previous evomnjr. 