The Beauty of tl\e Family. , f- ? | CHAPTER VlL— {Continued.) ' ,j.So she lighted a candle and unlocked the secret drawer in tremolus haste. Her dream had been a true one — the ring wis gono ! a cold prespiration broke out over Muriel's hands and face, and her heart beat in such dull, heavy thuds she fancied she was going to faint. She sank into the near est chair, covering her face with her hands, and presently tears mercifully, came to her relief. It was not the loss of the ring that troubled licr so much, sacrcd as she had held it, but it was the pain and humiliation, the miserable des poilment in another way, for in one flash tho whole secret seemed to be revealed to lier. Vivian had taken the ring and had bribed Dan, by the gift oE a couple of sovereigns, to dispose of it for her. They had all three leagued themselves together against her to do this wrong, just as if she had been keep the ring for some sel fish or unworthy purpose, and they had found it necessary to oppose cunning to force. The boys had cut their own throat, metaphorically speaking ; but, of course, they were so young they would have realised nothing beyond the gain of the moment, and Vivian had the gift of talking people into anything she wanted. She could not blame the poor boys over much. This was the first deception, anyhow, but Vivian's conduct made her ' feel as if a great 'gulf had been cleft be tween them — the daughters of one dead mother — *md from henceforth there could never bo any real union or sympathy be tween them again. It was no use going back to bed under the circumstances, for Muriel was fartoo | agitated to make sleep possible. So she dressed herself and sat at the window, watching the daylight as it gradually overcame the shadows of night, and the sun showed his benign face above the hills, scattering golden tensions as he came. At about , six o'clock the boys tumbled out of bed, laughing and shouting to exercise their lungs, and then Muriel called the servant, and went downstairs and through the darkened house into the dewv garden, where the flowers grew-iu wild luxuriance, and coiled about each other in a bright tangle of bloom. Tho light she had left for Vivian over night had been still burning when she passed through the hall, but this did not surprise her, considering how careless her sister was. But it did not surprise her to think that, boing awake, she had not heard the other return, and, after thinking it over a little, Muriel re-entered the house and ?went to the door of Vivian's room. She tried it ever so softly, but it yielded at once, and' she entered with a feeling of alarm she could not account for, even to. herself. The dark curtains were draAvn, and in the faint light a. white dressing-gown of Vivian's. ? pendant from a hook in the wall, looked like a ghost, and made Muriel's pulses quicke'i to a gallop. But only for a moment ; she soon conquered her timidity, and walked boldly into the chamber. The bed had net been slept in, and that, as well as the whole room, was littered with Vivian's belongings, as if ? she had' been; turning out her drawers and cupboards. This struck Muriel as odd, but as yet her suspicions were not aroused. Vivian was naturally untidy, and might have scattered things right and left in her haste tb find something she wanted. Only, why cumber the bed on which her tired limbs were to rest when she came home weary from the ball, and had not much energy left for an unwelcome task that she had never much relish for at tho best of times 1 Muriel had not answered this question to her own satisfaction when she heard the boys pass on the landing, and hurried down after them. They met in the hall, aud both the young faces lifted to hers with a sort of terrified wonder, whilst her eyes were very wistful and Bad as she said — 'Oh! boys, how could you deceive jne so ? ' Dan hung his .head: littlo Jack pressed close to her and burst into tears. ' We couldn't, help it, Muriel,' lie said ; ' we had been wailing a fishing rod for'ever so long. I said you would he sorry, and wc haven't enjoyed the fishing-rod because of the feeling about you— we haven't, indeed ; but we sort of promised we wouldn't tell.' Muriel was crying, too, as if her heart would break, Jack's curly head resting, against her shoulder. ' It was our mother's ring, and you knew why I kept it— at her wish— —to help you oh later — and to be sacrificed for the sake of a ball dress and a fishing rod—' 'What do you mean about mother's ring ?' mterruped Dan, looking at her in a startled sort of way as if ho feared she was going mad. 'We don't know anything. about that.' Oh ! Dan — for shamo ! JLo ado. a lie to your sin.' ?'I never told a lie in my life,' an swered Dan, sturdily ; and wo don't un derstand what you are talking about — do w s Jack ?' ' With what, then, did you buy your fishing-rod?, she asked, sternly. ' Why, with the money Sir Shad worth gave us, to bo sure. He offered me a soveroign the night I took the gamo back, but I wasn't so mean as to ? take it then, for he might of thought 1 had only done what was right with the idea ot getting something out of him ; but one day Jack and I were fishing in Ill's lake (where the keeper had told us wo might go), and lie comes up and ex amined our rods, which wo hnd made ourselves, and then he said we would novor do much damage with things like that, and he said he had seen some at Vv est Farley ho could particularly re commend. ( To ba continual}.) 