THE THEATRES, Ac. Mr. Dampier, in pursuance of his com mendable custom, of giving an occasional Shakespearian performance, produced "Hamlet" at the Alexandra Theatre on Friday -night last week. There was a numerous and attentive audience. The tragedy had been very carefully rehearsed, and the representation was highly creditable for a company which is usually occupied with modern melodrama. Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is a well-studied, consistent, and effective performance. Host actors possessed of a fine voice have a tendency to be tempted into continuous declamation. Mr. Dampier avoids this danger, and presents the philosophical and introspective-minded Dane as a man communing with .himself. The soliloquies are all delivered in a conversational tone, and with an agreeable diversity of gesture and in tonation "which help to elucidate their mean ing.: Bat there was enough of fire in the affecting scene with Ophelia, in which the Prince is goaded to the use of wild.'and whirling words by the .eaves-dropping of the King and Polonins; and the quarrel with L&ertet; at the grave was also very vigorously depicted. Mr. Dampier lias probably not de voted any timeto the oonsi deration of so worth lesaaiinestion as that of Hamlet's sanity or inaafiity. .Most sensible jpeople think that fihakspeare <waa profoundly indifferent as to hi? exact meaning on the point It was sufficient for him that he wrote a great tragedy of ondying intefest, in which pro blcmS '#rhich will <be insoluble to the end of £mB *re disciiBsed in a spirit of the purest philosophy and expressed in the mostibeau tiful languafte, while the dramatic interest of the play is never allowed to flag, Hamlet was, no doubt, as mad as most young men ate when under the dominion of the pas sions. and his behaviour is at all times Admirably suited to sustain the enthralling iutereat of the play from its melancholy com mencement to its tragic close. Miss Rose Dninpier made her first appearance in a Sliakspeariau character as Ophelia. She played the part intelligently, and with a careful attention to its traditional treatment, . but without force. Mr. R. Vernon, as the King, delivered the long speech beginning, " Oil, my offence is rank," exceedingly well, and in a manner which showed - that he had carefully thought out its mean ing. Mr. E. Palmer was a good Polonias, and the next best impersonations were the I first Grave-digger by Mr. R. Rede, Laertes by Mr. A, Jtolfc, the Ghost by Mr. E. Holloway, | Horatio by Mr. T. Atholwood, and the Queen by Miss Julia Merton. Suitable musical ac i companiments arranged by Mr. II. Percy I Kehoe were effectively rendered. " Hamlet 1 was to be repeated on Friday evening, with I Mr. T. R. Treloar, an Australian native, and I a well-known Ballaratamateur* as the Prince. ; The drama of " Faust" will be played at this house this evening. The broadly farcical character of Mr. J. F. Sheridan's season of Irish plays at the Theatre Royal has been varied by the pro duction of "The Shaughraun,"one of the beat of the late Dion lioucicault's Irish dramas. It is marked by clever construction, witty dialogue, skilful blending of the comic ' and the pathetic, and a dextrous handling of j delicate subjects in which sharp blows are I delivered on both sides of vexed questions I without any hitting below the belt. A mixed | audience is generally well pleased with this composition, for no national prejudice is wounded, while the loyal friendship of the Irish retainer, with his foibles presented in their most amusing and picturesque aspects, is contrasted with the Irish miscreant who belongs to the informer class. Mr. Sheridan, who enacted Conn the Shaughraun with much liveliness and spirit, can be serious though not pathetic. In hiB liauds the comic aspect of the character, and it is nearly all comic, was depicted with a humorous breadth which kept him on good terms with the audience throughout. The scene in which the supposed corpse, in his grave clothes, has an interview with Captain Molineux and j Claire Ffolliott, and in answer to questions suddenly remembers that "» dead roan can tell no tales," was one of the numerous bits of good comedy acting by which the imperso nation is marked. The episode of the wake, with the wailing of the keenera over a laid out person, who himself joins in the ghostly revel of whisky-drinking whenever the eyes of the company are averted from him, kept the audience in a high state of merriment. Miss Grade Whiteford, who represented Moya, is far from resembling a typical colleen, but then she sings and dances in a way which would no doubt have been the despair of the girl who sat for the portrait, and she is able to substitute dash and rattle for the softer qualities. The Arte O'Neil of Miss Athenia Claudius, and the Claire Ffolliott of Miss Florence Harcourt were j agreeable rather than distinguished perform-j ances. Miss Harcourt will do better when she has more confidence, and has & better | command of that tupieglerie which should , ! Accompany Miw JTfolliott'fl ussunictl veil of j coquetry. Mr. A. Booth man was a capable j Captain Molineux, Mr. W. Bernard gave a j vigorous impersonation of the unjustly out lawed Robert Ffolliott, and Mr. G. R. Ireland's Father Doolan was a very pleasing representation of the benevolent parish priest. Mr. a Brown invested Corry Kin chela with an appropriate trpculence of : demeanour, and Mr. Oily Deeriiig a portrait | of Harvey Duff, the despicable villain of the play, was drawn with a strong hand and in pronounced colours. The drama was alto gether well placed upon the stage. Mr. brunton has painted some very attractive scenery for it, notably the picture of the I Coot's Xest, a seas cape with a far-off headland, | on which the beacon which serves as a signal for Robert Ffolliotfs friends to come to his rescue is lighted under such highly dramatic circumstances. Mre. Beroard-Beere has repeated her very fine impersonation of Fedora at the Opera house during the week, and has met with muck public appreciation. In the repre sentation of Loris Ipanoff, Mr. Otho Stuart, who undertook the part at very short notice, owing to the indisposition of Mr. Standing, has made a distinct success. The passionate intensity he infuses Into the more thrilling scenes, especially those" «f : the third and ! fourth acts, have been largely instrumental in securing the favourable reception which has been accorded to the play. " liondon As surance" is announced at this theatre for this evening. I Hie opera of "Carmen" continues to be the attraction at the Princess's Theatre. At the Bijou Theatre the -farcical comedy " The Solicitor," in which Mr. Brough gives a highly entertaining representation of the principal character, has been affording merri ment to numerous audiences. A very large audience attended the fare well matinee given to Mr. Fred Mnccabe at the Athenaeum-hall last Saturday. A testimonial and an address (written by Mr. Garnet Watch) were presented by Mr. Alfred Dampier, who acted as the representative of a number of members of the dramatic and musical professions. Mr. Maccabe, with Mdlie. Minnia, performed the comedietta "The Magic-Statue," and the second part of the programme was ?contributed by Mr. Sheridan. MiBfc Grade Whlfceford,Mi68Ro8e Dumpier, Mr. H. Stock well, Mr. A. fl. Gee, and Mr. Percy Kcogh. Mr. Maccabc leaves for England to-day. Hie Jubilee Singei* have been-giving very successful fconcerta in thfe Ajthenteum-hall during the week. Fitzgerald's drcus is performing in Swan stonnjtreefc north. The combination is un OBudlf strong in trick horses and ponies j and there are also some good athletes in the company. Hie- pony Commodore seems to be a highly intelligent auunal, some of the feats he executes being quite astonishing. Mr. Dan Fitzgerald's troupe of Bix white bronco bortes fire oatractable And obedient to the word of command as bo many dogs. The evolutions on bare-backed horses by Mdlle. Connars and Mr. A. King are of the brat in this class of circus business; and Miss Lee's performances on the aerial trapeze are deft and graceful. Mr. C. Hogan's bounding jockey act is as good as anything of the kind that has been seen in Mel bourne. The minor entertainments have included | Mons. D'ATC'b marionettes at St George's ! nail, variety performances at the Gaiety Theatre and the Victoria-hall, the Wax works and the Cycloramas. Mr. Seymour Hale is lecturing afternoon and evening in the Rotunda in Bourke- street, upon astronomical subjects. The discourses, which are plain and to the purpose, and well adapted for the instruction of young people, are illustrated by the oireryand the tellurion, ingenious mechanical contrivances forexhibit inc the Beveral motions of the heavenly bodies. * 