LETERARY The Storyteller. The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XIX. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of "The Son of his Father," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," " The Rose in June," "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.;, &c.; The week passed in the sombre hurry yet tedium of a house lying under the shadow of death; that period during which when it is night we long for morning and when it is morning we long for night, hoping always for the hope that never comes, trembling to mark the progress which does go on silently towards the end. Colonel Kingsward was rough and angry with Bee that first morning to her consternation and dismay. She had never been the object of her father's anger before, and this hasty and imperious questioning seemed to take all power of reply out of her. What had she been doing to her mother? She—to her mother! Bee was too much frightened by his threatening look, the cloud on his face, the fire in his eyes, to Bay anything. Her mind ran hurriedly over all that had happened and that last terrible visit which had ohanged the whole aspect of the earth to herself. But it was to herself that this stroke of misfortune had come and not to her mother. A gleam of answering anger came into Bee's eyes, sombre with the unhappiness which had been pushed aside by more imme diate suffering yet was still there, like a black background, to frame whatever other miseries might come after. As for Colonel Kingsward, it was to him, as to so many men, a relief to blame somebody for the trouble which was un bearable. The blow was approaching which he had never allowed himself to believe in. He had blamed his wife instinctively, involun tarily, at the first hearing of every inconvenience in life, and it had helped to accustom him to the annoyance to think that it was her fault. He bad done so in what he called this unfor tunate business of Bee's, concluding that but for Mrs. Kingsward's weakness Mr. Aubrey Leigh and his affairs would never have become of any importance to the family. He had blamed her too, and greatly, for that weakening of health whioh he had so persistently en deavoured to convince himself did not mean half so much as the doctors said. Women are so idiotic in these respects. They will insist on wearing muslin and lace when they ought to wear flannel. They will put on evening dresses when they ought to be clothed warmly to the throat and shoes made of paper when they ought to be solidly and stoutly shod, quite in different to the trouble and anxiety they may cause to their family. And now that Mrs. Kingsward's Btate bad got beyond the possi bility of reproach he turned upon his daughter. It must be her fault; her mother had been better or he should not have left her. _ The quiet of the oountry was doing her good—if she had not been agitated all would have been well. But Bee, with all her declarations of devotion to her mother—Bee, the eldest, who ought to have had some senso —Bee had brought on this trumpery love business to overset this delicate equilibrium which he himself, a man with affairs so much more important in hand, had refrained from disturbing. It did him a little good, unhappy and anxious as he was, to pour but his wrath upon Bee. And she did not reply. She did not shed tears, as her mother had weakly done in similar circumstances, or attempt excuses. Evon, if he had been suffi ciently at leisure to note it, an answering fire awoke in Bee's eyes. He had not leisure to note but he peroeived it all the same. Presently, however, every faculty, every thought, became absorbed in that sick chamber. Things had still to be thought of outside of it, but they seemed strange, artificial things, having no connection with life. Then Charlie was summoned from Oxford, and the younger boys from school, which increased the strange commotion of the house, adding that restless element of young life which had no plaoe there, nothing to do with itself, which roused an almost frenzied irritation in Colonel Kingsward when he saw any attempt on the part of tho poor boys to amuse themselves or resume their usual occupation. "ClodsI" he said; •« young brutes! They would play tennis if the world was falling to pieces." And again that glance of five came into Bee's eyes, marked un consciously, though he did not know he had seen it, by her father. The boys hung about her when she stole out for a little air one at each arm. "How is mother, Bee? She's no worse? Don't you think we might go over to Hillside for that tournament? Don't you think Fred might play in the parish match with Sidde more? They're so badly off for bowlers. Don't you think " " Oh I think it would be much better for you to be doing something, boys; but, then, papa might hear, and he would be angry. If we could but keep it from papa." "We're doing mother no good," said Fred. " How oonld we do mother good ? Why did the governor send for us, Bee, only to kick our heels here, and get into mischief? A fellow can't help getting into misohief when he has nothing to do." * The solo right of publication in Queensland of "The Sorcerers" has been purchased by tho Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. " Yes," repeated Fred, " what did he send for us for? I wish mother was better. I suppose as soon as she's better we'll be packed off again." They were big boys, but they did not under stand the possibility of their mother not getting better, and, indeed, neither did Bee. When morning followed morning and nothing happened it seemed to her that getting better was the only conclusion to be looked for. If it had been death that was coming surely it must have come by this time. Her hopes rose with every new day. But Mrs. Eingsward had been greatly agi tated by the sight of Charlie when he was allowed to see her. " Why has Charlie come home ?" she said. "Was he sent for? Was it your father that brought him ? Charlie, my dear, what are you doing here ? Why have you come baok ? You should have been going on with Did your father send for you ? Why, why did your father send you, my boy?" " I thought," said Charlie, quite unmanned by the sight of her, and by this unexpected question, and by all he had been told about her state. "I thought—you wanted to see me, mother." "I always like to see you—but not to take you away from And why was he sent for, Moulsey? Does the doctor think?—does my husband think? " Her feverish colour grew _ brighter and brighter. Her eyes shone with a burning eagerness. She put her hot hand upon that of her son. " Was it to say good-bye to me ?" she Baid with a strange flutter of a smile. At the same time an argument on the same subject was going on between the doctor and the Colonel. " What oan the children do in a sick- room ? Keep them away. I should never have sent for them if you had consulted me. It is bad enough to have let her see Charlie, summoned express—do you want to frighten your wife to death?" "There oan be no question," said the Colonel, "if what you tell me is true, of frightening her to death. I think, Benson, that a patient under such circumstances ought to know. She ought to be told " "What?" the doctor said sharply with a harsh tone in his voice. " What? Do you need to ask—of her state— of what is imminent—that she is going to " Colonel Eingsward loved his wife truly, and he could not say those last words. "Yes?" said the dootor, "going to ? well, we hope it is to One that has called her, that knows all about it, Kingsward. Doctors are not supposed to take that view muoh, but I do. I'd tell her nothing of the sort. I would not agitate her either with the sight of the ohildren; or those heathenish thoughts about dying. Well! I suppose you'll take your own way—if you think she's in danger of damnation —but you see I don't. I think where she's going she'll find more consideration and more understanding than ever sbe got here." "You are all infidels, every one of you," said Colonel Kingsward; "you would let a soul rush unprepared into the presence of " "Her Father," said Dr. Benson. "So I would—if He's her Father he'll take care of that. And even if He's only a Judge, you know, a Judge is an extraordinarily considerate person. He leaves no means untried of coming to a right decision. I would rather trust my case in the hands of the Bench than make up my own little plea any day. And, anyhow that you can put it, the Supreme Judge must be better than the best Bench that ever was. Leave her alone. She's safer with Him than either with you or me." " It is an argument I never would pardon— in my own oase. I shudder at the thought of being plunged into Eternity without the time to —to think —to—to prepare " "But if your preparations are all seen through from the beginning? if it's just as well known then, or better, what you are thinking, or trying to think, to make yourself ready for that event ? You knew yourself, more or less, didn't you, when you were in active servioe, the excuses a wretched private would make when he was hauled up and how he would try to make tbe worse appear the better cause ? Were . you moved by that, Colonel Kingeward? Didn't you know the man, and judgo him by what you knew?" "It seems to me a very undignified argu ment ; there's no analogy between a wretobed private and—and my—and one of us—at the Judgment Seat." " No—it's more like one of your boys making up his defence —when brought before you—and the poor boy would need it too," Dr. Benson added within himself. But naturally he made no impression with his argument, whether it was good or bad, upon his hearer. Colonel Kingsward was in reality a very unhappy man. He had nobody to blame for the dreadful mis fortune which was threatening him except God, for whom he entertained only a great terror as of an overwhelming tyrannical Power ready to catch him at any moment when he neglected the observances or rites necessary to appease it. Ho was very particular in these observances— going to church, keeping up family prayers, contributing bis proper and carefully calculated proportion to the charities, <fro. Nobody could say of him that he was careless or negligent. And now how badly was his devotion repaid 1 —by tbe tearing away from him of tbe com panion of his life. But he felt that there was still much more that the awful Master of the Universe might iniiiot perhaps upon her if she was not prepared to meet her God. He was wretched till he had told her, warned her, till she had fulfilled everything that was necessary, Been the clergyman, and got herself into the state of mind becoming a dying person. He had collected all the children that she might take leave of them in a becoming way. He had bo far as he knew thought of everything to make her exit from the world a right one in all the forms—and now to be told that he was not to agitate her, that the God whom he wished to prepare her to meet knew more of her and un derstood her better than he did 1 Agitate her I when the alternative might be unspeakable miseries of punishment instead of tho acquittal which would have to be given to a bou! properly prepared. These arguments did not in the least change his purpose, but^hey^xreiteff'wag irritated him beyond meas^rfe^^t^thabott^B of all the idea that anybody. know., better than he what was the right thing-star hjs*' own wife was an intolerable thought.", J^ ; < He went in and out of heVrocwri-'with ttaC irritated though self-controlled look which; she'< knew so well. He had never shown it toMlhe world, and when be had demanded of her iarnis angry way why this was ami -th at, and how on earth such and such things bad happened, Mrs. Kingsward had till lately taken it so sweetly that he had not himself suspected how heavy it was upon her. And when she had begun to show signs of being unable to bear the responsibility of everything in earth and heaven the Colonel had felt himself an injured man. There were BJgn3 that he might eventu ally throw that responsibility on Bee. But in the meantime he had nobody to blame, as has been said, and the burden of irritation and disturbance was heavy upon him. The next morning after bis talk with Dr. Brown he oame in with that clouded brow to find Charlie by her bedside. The Colonel came up and stood looking at the face on the pillow, now wan in the reaction of the fever and utterly weak, but still smiling at his approach. " I have been telling Charlie," she said in her faint voice, " that he must go back to his college. Why should he waste his time here?" "He will not go back yet," said Colonel Kingsward; "are you feeling a little better this morning, my dear?" " Oh, not to call ill at all," said the sufferer. "Weak—a sort of sinking, floating away. I take hold of somebody's hand to keep me from falling through. Isn't it ridiculous ?" she said after a little pause. " Your weakness is very great," said the hus band, almost sternly. " Oh, no, Edward. It's more silly than any thing—when I am not really ill, you know. I've got Charlie's hand here under the counter pane," she said again with her faint little laugh. " You won't always have Charlie's hand, or any one's hand, Lucy ?" She looked at him with a little anxiety. "No, no. I'll get stronger, perhaps, Edward." "Do you feel as if you were at all stronger, my dear?" She loosed her son's hand, giving him a little troubled smile. "Go away now, Charlie, dear. I don't believe you have had your breakfast. I want to speak to—papa." Then she waited, looking wistfully in her husband's face till the door bad closed. " You have something to say to me, Edward. Oh, what is it ? Nothing has happened to any one?" " No, nothing has happened," he said. He turned away and walked to the window, then oame back again, turning his head half-way from her as he spoke. "It is only that you are —my poor darling—weaker every day." "Does the doctor think so ?" she said with a little eagerness, with a faint suffusion of colour in her face. He did not say anything, could not perhaps— but slightly moved his head. "Weaker every day, and that means, Edward 1" She put out her thin, hot hands. " That means " The man could not say anything. He could do his duty grimly, but when the moment came he could not put it into words. He sank down on the chair Charlie had left and put down his face on the pillow, his large frame shaken by sobs which he could not restrain. These sobs made Mrs. Kingsward forget the meaning of this communication altogether. She put her hands upon him trying to raise his head. "Edward! oh, don't cry, don't cry! I have never seen you cry in all my life. Edward, for goodness sake! you will kill me if you go on sobbing like that. Oh, Edward, Edward, I never saw you cry before." Moulsoy had darted forward from some shadowy corner where she was and gripped him by the arm. " Stop sir, stop it," she cried, in an authori tative whisper, "or you'll kill her." He flung Moulsey off, and raised his head a little from the pillow. "You have never seen me with any such occasion before," he said, taking her hands into his and kissing them repeatedly. He was not a man of many caresses, and her heart was touched with a feeblo sense of pleasure. "Dear," she said softly, "dear!" feebly drawing a little nearer to him to put her cheek against his. Colonel Kingsward looked up as soon as he was able and saw her lying smiling at him, her hands in his, her eyes full of that wonderful liquid light which belongs to great weakness. The small worn face was all illuminated with smiles, it was like the face of a child—or per haps an angel. He looked at first with awe, then with doubt and alarm. Had he failed after all in the commission which he had exe cuted at so much cost to himself, and against tho doctor's orders? He had been afraid for the moment of the sight of her despair—and now he was frightened by her look of ease, the absence of all perturbations. Had she not understood him ? Would it have to be told again, more severely, more distinctly, this dreadful news ? Chapter XX. Mrs. Kingsward said nothing of the com munication her husband had made to her. Did she understand it ? He went about heavily all day pondering the matter, going and coming to her room, trying in vain to make out what was in her mind. But he could not divine what was in that mind hidden from him in those veils of individual existence which never seemed to him to have been so baffling before. In tbe afternoon she had heard somehow the voices of the elder boys, and had asked if they were there, and had Bent for them. The two big fellows, with the mud on their boots and the scent of the fresh air about them, stood huddled together, speechless with awe and grief, by the bedside when their father oame in. They did not know what to say to their mother in such circum stances. They had never talked to her about herself but always about themselves, and now they were utterly at a loss after they had said, "How are yon, mamma? are you very bad, mamma? Oh, I'm so sorry;" and "Oh, I wish Wou were better." What could boys of 12 and jU say ? For the moment they felt as if their hearts were broken, but they did not want to /stay there; they had nothing to say to her. Their pang of sudden trouble was confused with shyness and awkwardness, and their conscious* ness that she was altogether in another atmos phere and another world. Mrs. Kingsward was not a clever woman, but she understood miracu lously what was in those inarticulate young souls. She kissed them both, drawing each olose to her for a moment, and then bade them run away. "Were you having a good game?" she said with that ineffable feeble smile. "Go and finish it, my darlings." And they stumbled out very awkwardly, startled to meet their father's look as they turned round, and greatly disturbed and mystified altogether, though con soled somehow by their mother's look. They said to each other after a while that she looked " jolly bad," but that Bhe was in sucb good spirits it must be all right. Their father was as much mystified as they, but he was troubled in conscience as if he had not spoken plainly enough, had not made it clear enough what "her state" was. She had not asked for the clergyman—she had not asked for anything. Was it necessary that he should speak again ? There was one thing she had near her, but that so fantastic a thing!—a pho tograph, one of the quantities of such rubbish the girls and she had brought home—a woman wrapped in a mantle floating in tbe air. " Take that thing away,' he said to Moulsey. It irritated him to see a frivolous thing like that —a twopenny-halfpenny photograph—so near his wife's bed. "Don't take it away," she said in the whisper to whioh her voice had sunk, " it gives me suoh pleasure." "Pleasure!" he cried; even to speak of pleasure was wrong at suoh a moment. And then he added, "Would you like me to read to you? Would you like to Bee—any one?" "To see any one? Whom Bhould I wish to see but you, Edward, and the children?" "We haven't been—so religious, my dear, as perhaps we ought," stammered the anxious man. "Hlsent for—Mr. Baldwin perhaps to read .he prayers for the sick and —and talk to you a little?" She looked at him with some wonder for a moment, and then she said with a smile, " Yes, yes; by all means, Edward, if you will like it." " I shall certainly like it, my dearest; and it is right—it is what we should all wish to do at the " He could not say at the last—he could not say when we are dying—it was too much for him; but certainly she must under stand now. And he went away hurriedly to call the clergyman, that no more time might be lost. " Moulsey," said Mrs. Kingsward, "have we come then quite—to the end now?" " Oh, ma'am! Oh, my dear lady!" Moulsey said. "My husband—seems to think so. It is a little hard—to leave them all. Whore is Bee ?" "lam here, mamma," said a broken voice, and the mother's hand was caught and held tight as she liked it to be. " May Betty como too?* " Yes, let Betty come. It is you I want, not Mr, Baldwin." " Mr. Baldwin is a good man, ma'am. He'll be a comfort to them and to the Colonel." " Yes, I suppose so; he will be a comfort to —yonr father. But I don't want any one. I haven't done very muoh harm " " No! oh no, ma'am, none !" said Moulsey, whilo Betty, thrown on her knees by the bed side, tried to smother her sobs, and Bee, worn out and feeling as if she felt nothing, sat and held her mother's hand. " But then," she said, " I've never, never, done any good." "Ohfmy dear lad}, my dear lady! and all the poor people, and all tbo children." "Hush! Moulsey. I never gave anything—• not a bit of bread, not a shilling—but because I liked to doit. Never! oh, never! from any good motive. I always liked to do it. It was my pleasure. It never cost mo anything. I have done no good in my life. I just liked the poor children, that was all, and thought if they were my own—Oh! Bee and Betty, try to be better women—different from me." Betty, who was so young, crept nearer and nearer on her knees, till she came to the head of the bed. She lifted up her tear- stained face, "Mother! oh, mother! are you frightened?" she cried. Mrs. Kingsward put forth her other arm and put it feebly round the weeping girl. " Perhaps I ought to be—perhaps I ought to bo !" she said, with a little thrill and quaver. "Mother," said Betty, pushing closer and closer, almost pushing Bee away, "if I had been wicked, ever so wicked, I shouldn't be frightened of you." A heavenly smile came over the mother's f aoe. " I should think not, indeed." And then Betty, in the silence of the room, put her hands together, and said, very softly, " Our Father, which art in Heaven " "Oh, childron, children," cried Moulsey, "don't break our hearts! She's too weak to bear it. Leave her alone." " Yes, go away, ohildren dear, go away. I have to rest—to see Mr. Baldwin." Then she smiled, and said in gasps. "To tell the truth —I'm—l'm not afraid! look " She pointed to tbe picture by her bedside. "So easy—so easy! just resting—aud the Saviour will put out his hand and take me in." Mr. Baldwin oame soon after, the good rector who was a good man but who believed he had the keys and that what he bound on earth was bound in Heaven—or, at least, he thought he believed so—with Colonel Kingsward, who felt that he was thus fulfilling all righteousness, and that this was the proper way in whioh to approach the everlasting doors. He put away the little picture in which Catherine of Sienna lay in the hold of the angels in tho perfect peace of life accomplished, tho rest that was so easy and so sweet —hastily with displeasure and contempt. Ho did not wish tho rector to see the childish thing in which his wifo had taken pleasure, nor even that she had been taking pleasure at all at such a solemn moment —even that she should smile the same smile of wel come with which she would have greeted her kind neighbour had she been in her üßual place in the drawing-room disturbed her husband. So near death and yet able to think of that! He watched her face as the rector read the usual prayers. Did she enter into them ? Did she understand them ? He could scarcely join in them himself in his anxiety to make sure that she felt and knew what was her " state," and waß preparing—preparing to meet her God. That God was awaiting severely the appearance of that soul before Him the Colonel could not but feel. He would not have said bo in words, but the instinctive conviction in his heart was bo. When sho looked round for the littlo pic ture it hurt him like a sting. Oh, if she would but think of the things that concerned per poace —not of follies, childish distractions, amuse ments for the fancy. On her side the poor lady was conscious more or less of all that was going on, understood here and there the prayers that were going over her head, prayers of others for her rather than anything to be said by herself. In the midst of them she felt herself already like St. Catherine, floating away into ineffable peace, then ooming back again to hear the sacred words, to see the little circle round her on tbeir knees and to smile upon them in au utter calm of weakness without pain, feeling only that they were good to her, thinking of her, which was sweet, but knowing little more. It was the most serene and cloudloss night after this terrible day. A little after Colonel Kingsward had left the room finally and shut himself up in his study, Moulsey took tho two girls out into the garden, through a window whioh opened upon it. " "Children, go and breathe the sweet air. I'll not have you in a room to break your hearts. Look up yonder — yonder where she's gone," said the kind nurse who had done everything for their mother. And they stole out—two little ghosts over borne with the droadful burden of humanity, tbe burden which none of U3 can shake off, and orept across the grass to the scat whera she had boen used to sit among the children. The night was peaoe itself—not a breath stirring, a young moon with something wistful in her light look ing down, making the garden bright as with a softened ethereal day. A line of white cloud dimly detached from the softness of the blue lay far off towards the west amid the radiance, a long faint line as of something in the far distance. Bee and Betty stood and gazed at it with eyes and hearts overcharged, eaoh leaning upon the other. Their young souls wero touched with awe and an awful quiet. They were too near the departure to have fallen down as yet into the vacancy and emptiness of re awakening life. "Oh," they said, "if that should be her!" And why should it not bo ? Uulcßß perhaps there was a quicker way. Thoy watched it with that sob in the throat whioh is of all sounds and sensation the mots over whelming. It seemed to them as if they were watching her a little further on her way, to the very horizon, till the soft distance closed over, and that speck like a sail upon the sea could be seen no more. And when it was gone they sank down together upon her seat under tbe trees she loved, where the children had played and tumbled on the grass about her, and talked of her—in broken words, a little phrase now and then, sometimes only " Mother," or " Ob, mamma, mamma," now from one, now from another—in that first extraordinary exaltation and anguish whioh is not yet grief. They did not know how long they had been there when something stirred in the bushes, and the two big boys, Arthur and Fred, oame heavily into sight, holding eaoh other by the arm. The boys were bewildered, heavy, and miserable, not knowing what to do with them selves nor where to go. But they came up with a purpose, which was a little ease in tbe trouble. It cost them a little convulsion of reluotant crying before they oould get out what they had to say. Then it came in broken words from both together. "Bee, there's some one wants to speak to yon—at the gate." " Oh, who oould want to speak to me—to night? I oannot speak to any one; you might have known." "Bee," said Arthur the eldest, "it isn't just —any one; it's—we thought you would per haps " "He told us," said Fred, " who he was; and begged so hard " Then there came back upon poor Bee all the other trouble that she had pushed away from ber. Her heart seemed to grow hard and cold after all the softening and tenderness of this dreadful yet heavenly hour. "I will sec no one, no one," she said. " Bee," said the boys, "we shut the gate upon him, but he took hold of our bands, and —and cried, too." They had to stop and swallow the sob before either could say any more. "He said sho was his best friend. He said he couldn't bear it, no more than us. And if you would only speak to him " Bee got up from her mother's seat; her poor little heart swelled in her bosom as if it would burst. Oh, how was she to bear all this, to bear it all, to have no one to help her! " No, no, I will not. I will not!" she said. " Ob, Bee," cried Betty, "if it is Aubrey— poor Aubrey! She was fond of him. She would not like him to be left out. Oh, Bee, come, come and speak to him. Suppose one of us were alone, with nobody to say mother's name to!" " No, I will not," said Bee. " Oh, Betty, mother knows why—she knows." " What does she know ?" cried Betty, plead ing. " She was fond of him. lam fond of him without thinking of you, for mother's sake." " Ob, let me go! lam going in :I am going to her. I wish, I wish she had taken me with her! No—no —no —I will never see him more." " I think," said Betty to the hoys, pushing them away, " that Bhe is not quite herself. Tell him she is not herself. Say she's not able to Bpeak to any one, and we can't move ber. And—and give poor Aubrey—oh, poor Aubrey! my love." Tin boys turned away on their mission, crossing the gravel path with a commotion of their heavy feet which seemed to fill the air with echoes. Colonel Kingsward heard it from his study, though that was dosed up from any influence outside. He opened his window and came out, standing a black figure surrounded by the moonlight. " Who is there ?" he said. " Are there any of you so lost to all feeling as to be out in tbe garden of all nights in tbe world on this night?" [to be continued.] 