Simple Remedies for «reut Br SPECULUM. IF tnoso wno write and talk disparagingly of tho Australian " natives, " of their want of manners and useful knowledge-in short, of their " bar- barisms," as we bavo sometimes had these defects condensed for us-will devote themselves to sug- gesting a means of curing and preventing suoh ovils, they will be doing some good. To be continually exposing the bn.Be Bide of the young subject appears to give delight to most of the older members of colonial society. It unfor- tunately " needs no ghost from the grave " to indicate these shocking Saws in the character of our young people of both eexcs. Any thoughtful observer is aware that it far too often happens their desires are confined to a love of money mak- ing. Animal excitement, hurried mealB, off-hand, saucy style of address, spéculation on tho turf, exclusive d evotion to bicyole and football contests, and-amongst the young men and lads especially -a blackguardly colouring to their conversation, are characteristic. Admitting these deplorable blemishes to be, alas I fearfully prevalent, the question arises, How have our lads and lasses come to bo thus 7 The anBwer is not hard to find, thongh painful to acknowledge. The fault lies almoBt entirely with three causes-vir., the parents, the politicians, and the Press. The first, to pnt the matter plainly, neglect their duty to their offspring in almost every instance where an unsatisfactory record of behaviour is chargeable to our young people. The law-makers in our Parliament do little that is straightforward and free from political jobbery, waste their influ- ence for refining and elevating purposes, and com- promise matters for sordid and interested consider- ations, rather than fairly fighting for great isBues. The wholesome example and striotly sound training of parents who understand their respon- sibilities will work wonders. Parents require to inoulcate a love of refining studies and a courteous manner in their children, and, what is most im- portant, teach them the value of continuity in these pursuits, for many bc;/i it well, and show the " promise of May," but just where the water gets deop they declino the trouble of swimming, and prefer to flounder and sink, or go baok to tho shal- low ways again. At the tenderest years ehildren are apt to be spoilt by getting their own way. " Spare the rod and Bpoil the child" need not be always true of carly rearing, but it will not do to underrate.a timely application of the birch ; how- ever, those parents who choose to interest them- selves in their offspring to the extent they Bhould, will be able by a look, let alone a word, to oommand respect to their wishes. In every walk of life such precautions oan, and should be oarried out, for that " tho ohild is father of the man" ÍB as trne morally and socially as it is in ita application to hiB physical progress. How many youths are there oven in what is called respectable families who, when their schooling is in progress, and after Bohool days, derive but one idea from their fathers, that of making as muah money in as quick a time as possible-"by hook or by crook" make it! Never a single reference to the ennobling ainiB of life, to those pursuits whioh enrioh the mind, or help to lift suffering millions from out their depths of misery I " rat money in toy paree, using: tbe utterance of Shakespeare's double-dyed villain Iago, ÍB the everlasting burden of the business parent's song, and the continaous advice to his son. Mothers ia the same walk of life, who have their daughter's destiny to guard, for ever point oat the advantage of some sordid and imagined high sooial matoh for their marriagable girls, casting a very sidelong glanoe at the aspirations of the intellectual suitor whoso Btoro of knowledge far outweighs his trea- sury of bullion. AsBooiation is a great power for good or evil, and thus it is that children in the humbler walks of life, if allowed to roam around in the vicinity of beer-shopB and street corners, at dlfforent points of the oompass, to breathe in an atmosphere of degrading scenes and foul and blatant utterances, are certain to inhale the germ whioh grows into , the larrikin and larrikinees. Briefly, the duty of parents is to make ohildren fond of home, and and to render home, be it ever so lowly, attractive. Entertainments oat of doora should be the exoeption, not the rule. Let the home life be thus a source of true pleasure, and our streets will not be filled to overflowing with the young of both sexes, who night after night seem to enjoy a perfectly free rein for the road to ruin. Let the newspapersoartail their " penny dreadful" matter, and leave out entirely their unclean details and pugilistic and other brute force achievements of the hour, and substitute those respectable items of intelligence whioh shall not pander to the desires of the loathsome and brutal. Upon oar legislators, as the most prominent of pablio men, and as the mouldere of our laws, rests tho all-important duty of working and living in such a way as to deserve and receive the respect of the " budding " men and women for whom they pass various Aots of Parliament., It is often erron- eously contended that the private lives of publio men concern themselves only, but for the reasons here given it is espeoially desirable that men who lay down the laws for the people's guidanoe Bhonld not, for instanoe, bo seen lifted into hansom oabs in an intoxicated condition. Such occurrences have the effect of produaing an impression of meanest contempt for them upon_ the decent minded, and only encourage thoBO with an erring tendonoy to go and do likewise. - Let young Aus- tralians indelibly stamp upon their minds Long- fellow's golden advice : Let ns thou bo up and doing, With a hBart (or any fate. Still achieving, still pursuing, Xoarn io labour and to wait. 