Haunted Ancestral Homes of England. Written expressly for THE ILLUSTBATED SYDNEY NEWS by Henry Frith. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED* j DOWN in Norfolk stands the ancient pile of Baynham Manor, or Castle. The old hall, the seat of the noble Townshend family, is the outcome or the survival of a still more ancient moated Grange. The present building is pleasantly situated, and the surroundings are picturesque. Within, it is a commodious and comfortable habita- tion, lacking nothing in comfort, and harboring many mystic tales and veracious narratives of the phantom which, at times, and at varying intervals, appears to the inmates on the staircases and in the corridors. That Raynham Castle has been thus haunted is incontestible, but who the figure actually represents, or who it is generally supposed to represent, we have not been able to ascertain. The phantom is known as the " Brown Lady "-a female figure, generally attired in a brocaded silk dress, moving with some self- possession and stateliness - up the stairs in the direc- tion of the bedrooms. She carries no candle ; there is no sound when she appears. She seems to arise suddenly and move gently and slowly along the car- peted floors. Some correspondents designate this the figure of a " housekeeper," a youngish dame of former years, but why her rest is thus perturbed, and why she seeks to return to her old haunts, no one can say with any certainty. The certainty is con- cerning her appearance. Several anecdotes are related of the Brown Lady, whose soft rustling dress and somewhat elegant shape have manifested themselves on so many occasions. We have taken the trouble to compare these narratives and experiences related pointed- ly with truth, avowedly as true, and in one instance at least the names of the chief actors in the ghostly drama are given. In other narratives the names and the place are thinly veiled under the most transparent initials and " dashes." Wc have examined and collated these narra- tives, and our investigations have led ut to the same result in each case : the phan- tom, the Brown Lady-a dressed skeleton -a Death's head on silk-robed shoulders These occurrences-the appearances, oi the Brown Lady-have happened a various seasons, and she has appeared to people who, being entirely unacquainted .with her existence, may, therefore, be entitled to claim credit. On only one occasion has her appearance-after a long absence-been followed by any fatal results. Whether she has appeared lately we are unable to state-at any rate, we have received no statement of her visits, but the narrative we shall now give bears the evident impress of conviction, and had the story been unfounded it would have been contradicted, particularly as * the chief personages in the narrative are the repre- sentatives of the noble family, the owners of the property, themselves. We will now only add that the incidents respecting the appearances of the Brown Lady have been vouched for as true ; the names have been published, and the collateral circumstances confirm them. * . * * ' Some years ago, the Lord and Lady Charles Townshend were spending their Christmas season in the old castle, and had gathered round them a number of relatives and friends. Amongst the former were the brother of the hostess, Colonel Loftus, and his wife ; a Miss Page, who apparently related to a friend all the facts of the strange visi- tant's appearance, and other guests. The festive season had set in ; a merry party listened to the Christmas bells"; a pleasant party attended the ancient ivy clad and holly-decorated church ; a joyous party assembled round the board, which smoked seasonably with choice Christmas fare. Healths were proposed and honoured j logs were cast upon the hearth, no doubt, and the dull night air excluded. The wintry wind rushed across the flats, but had no terrors for the inmates of the castle. The servants had withdrawn ; the merry circle chatted ; each one to his neighbour spoke, and then, without any reason, the general conversation died away ; each person became thoughtful ; some strange influence had been brought to bear. ' At length, while the others pondered, some one remarked Has any one heard of the Brown Lady lately ? Has she turned up again ?" This sudden change of conversation was remarkable, but the other guests-with few exceptions--were unacquainted with the incident of the phantasmal appearance. The host was naturally appealed to. " Come, Lord Charles," cried one of his more intimate friends, " you are the pro- prietor of the ghost ; do you believe in it?" ... ' -vi-- ? This quotion, lightly put as a challenge, was expected to produce a laughing denial, or at any rate a half serious excuse. Few present could have been prepared for the actual reply. ^1 cannot help believing it," replied Lord Charles. «' The Brown Lady has ushered me upstairs and into my room ! " " Oh, come now," exclaimed another of the sceptics, " are you quite sure ?" " I am certain," was the reply. " Posi- tive." The more nervous of the party looked round, and someone noticed that the candles were burning in a sudden draught, as if a person, had whisked suddenly past. " Quite positive*" continued the host, as the guests remained silent. " There can be no possible mistake." " I daresay it was only a trick, Loftus, eh?" remarked the sceptical gentleman who had already spoken. " At Christmas time we all are ready to accept spirits. Ha! Ha!" " But it was not at Christmas time that I saw her," said Lord Charles, smiling. " No, she is a fact." " Biit didn't you make any inquiry ? Perhaps the servants-" " Hush ! the servants have no idea of it. They would not remain another week in the house if they suspected that it was haunted. I took precautions ; I had a detective down. I even dressed the man in my livery, and tried to detect the trick- ster. I had bolts and bars fixed to the doors, and, in fact, made rather a fuss about it." " It is certainly curious," remarked a lady ; " but the thing is harmless, I sup- pose ? " "Quite, so far," replied the hostess. " It merely performs the duties of major- domo ; conducts one to one's chamber and then vanishes." r " Is there no tradition which will account for it ? " asked Miss Stone. None could be given, and after a while the conversation drifted into other chan- nels ; but there was still a feeling of mild apprehension dominant amongst the guests. It was, of course, satisfactory to learn that there was no danger to be apprehended, but, nevertheless, it was rather uncanny to be living in the same house with a Brown Lady, who might appear at any time of the evening, when you were retiring to bed, and show you the way, as a stranger, to yoür bedroom. When bed-time arrived there was a de- cided disinclination on the part of some of the party to go first. But the difficulty was removed by the suggestion that all the guests should go together, and then, if the lady housekeeper appeared, there would be safety jin numbers. So it was arranged that the gentlemen should, at any rate, accompany their wives and wives' friends to the staircase and lobby. The escort could then return, smoke, or chat, until it was, in their opinion, time to retire. The procession was formed, but every one reached his or her apartment in safety. No rustling of brocaded silk, no shadowy, yet apparently substantial, figure appeared from the servants' staircase to indicate the apartments which each guest was to occupy. All was quiet in the house when the guests retired ; nothing occurred to alarm anyone j no footstep, no creaking or noise of any unusual import was heard during the night. The most timorous person slept, after a while, and the Brown Lady was in daylight generally regarded as having taken another situation. So the time passed in alternately laugh- ing at the ghost and wondering- whether she would appear to anyone that season. Certainly, it was the proper time, but the Brown Lady remained unseen, unfelt, but still uncanny. "Shall we have a game of chess, Mr, Hawkins P w - said Colonel Loftus one evening, a few days after the assembly of the party. " "With all my heart," replied the gentle- man addressed. " I am ready." It waB already rather late when the chess board was advanced, but the antago- nists were pleased, being fairly matched. For a while the game proceeded cautiously, , then some others of the party carno to witness the moves, so seldom made, and ! so cautiously conceived. Inside all were warm and comfortable. The tire burned brightly, the lamps shed a < full gleam upon '» fair women and brave men." But outside the tempest sighed and rushed again in anger at the panes and casements, as if anxious to get in, and quit the darkness and the cold for the warmth and light. One by one, two by two, the spectators dropped off. The ladies had no fears now. They had heard nothing, or, rather, seen nothing, of the Brown Lady," and her appearance was no more expected than desired on that occasion. Colonel Loftus and his antagonist sat in friendly rivalry rather later than was usual with them. The game of chess had so absorbed their attention that they had paid no heed to the hour, and when the clock struck midnight and the fire began to crackle and fall in the dreary way we all know is a sign of dissolution, the gentlemen thought it was time to move. ' The game was finished; the pieces replaced in the common grave-box of the pawn, and knight, and king, and queen. The fire was guarded carefully, and the late antagonists lighted their candles. The lamps were then extinguished. " Well, good-night, Loftus," said his friend, as he turned away. " Wait a second j I am going up your staircase," said the colonel. They proceeded together j they went up the stairs, and were in the act of bidding ] each other good-night, when Mr. Hawkins suddenly exclaimed : " I say I who is that standing at your sister's bedroom door ? " Colonel Loftus--Lady Townshend's brother-was rather short-sighted. He put up his eye-glass to ascertain who it could be, and as the shape moved quickly . away, both gentlemen simultaneously followed it. The female form made no sound as it glided over the floor, and both men were satisfied that they saw the Brown Lady herself. But as they rapidly pursued the figure it suddenly and unaccountably dis- appeared, leaving the men surprised and astonished, but by no means alarmed. Yet there was an eerie sensation in the minds of both as they followed the female figure which glided so silently from door to door, continuing its way until it sud- denly seemed to go out of sight. There was no terror, as there might have been if one of the female servants had been thus J encountered by the gentlemen. No excla- < ¡ mation of alarm, but a silent and stately carriage befitting the role of the house- keeper. The gentlemen regarded each other in silence for a moment, and having made a > search as far as possible at the time, retired to their respective apartments in the firm conviction that they had seen the veritable Brown Lady of Raynham. The recital of their adventure on the following morning was received with some j incredulity at first ; but they were so evidently honest in their assertions that no doubt was subsequently permitted to be shown, and curiosity again became mingled with the mild sense of dread already experienced and half rejected by that time. The days passed in the usual manner ; of course the occasional topic of conver- sation was the appearance of the Brown Lady, but some of the guests quitted the castle without any interview with the j pretty housekeeper, whose somewhat old fashioned costume had been the object of some discussion. ** There is some curious tale connected with this house, I daresay," remarked a guest. " I wish we could trace the ghost to her lair," " You might never return," said a lady who waB, perhaps, interested. " No one ever tracked a ghost." ¡ Many comments were made.. The subject arose at intervals. Guests came and went ; of course the story, of the apparition was reconciled, and the sensation was beginning to subside, when one evening Colonel Loftus came down with a sketch of the snectre in his hand. * This sketch he declared he had drawn from memory while the impression was strong in his mind. " I saw the drawing,", says the lady who narrated the circumstances. So there is no room, BO far, for scepticism. The narrative of Colonel Loftus is per- fectly circumstantial, and distinctly deserving of credit. Pressed to disclose the circumstances, the Colonel told his story, which waB, in nart, confirmed by his wife, who had seen him hurry into the room and make the drawing while the incident was fresh in his mind. Colonel Loftus had been sitting up by himself after the guests had retired on the previous evening. *'.It was rather late," he said, and he was* perhaps a bit tired, for he strolled rather languidly up to his apartments, candle in hand, think- ing of nothing in particular. It seems that he. had ascended the stairs, pausing a moment to look at the moon racing along behind the clouds. As he gained the end of the corridor he felt an irresistible inclination to turn round, Something impelled him to look behind him-some consciousness, perhaps, of thc presence of a person which all have al times experienced. To his surprise, he saw, standing in th« full light of the moon which streamed ii through the casement, the Brown Lady somewhat elegantly attired in her brocade a coif upon her head. She had her bael to the. Colonel, who determined at once t< fathom the mystery, and ^turning towardi another staircase, went to meet her as hi knew he must. . Colonel Loftus managed so well that ii a few moments he came face to face wit! the apparition. He stood still and awaited her approach, expecting* perhaps,' to ascer tain who was playing him a trick, ye somehow conscious that this cold, pal form in the moonlit corridor was a beinj from another world. A tremor thrilled his frame as the forr came nearer and nearer. For one momen he fancied that this figure might be one o the guests sleepwalking, or searching fe the unaccustomed room. No 1 The woma: came on steadily, but its closer appearanc made the colonel's blood run cold. Horror The ghost turned its head, and he cou! see its features j but the head was th head of a skeleton, or, at any rate, devoid . of eyes 1 This was" an . appearance which the gallant soldier had never anticipated. No one had previously come face to face with the Brown Lady-only her. general ap- pearance had been noted. But here she had been fully discovered. Staggering, rather than walking, up the few remaining stairs, the colonel darted into his bedroom, and without any explan- ation threw himself into a chair to recover his composure. He was so evidently upset that his wife became somewhat alarmed, and nervously inquired what was the matter. "What is it? What is the matter with you ? " she cried in alarm, once more. He could only gasp his reply faintly " I have seen the Brown Lady I " " What was she like?" inquired Mrs. Loftus eagerly, staring at him. " I will make a sketch of her-you will understand then. Horrible ! Horrible t " After a while he rose, and as soon as he felt more composed he seated himself at the table and produced a sketch represent- ing the apparition dressed in its brocaded garments and coif, but with the head of a skeleton ! Mrs. Loftus was naturally much sur- prised, and carefully examined the drawing which her husband had executed from memory. . . , ? " It is exactly her appearance," he said " If I live for years and years I shall neve: forget her." The dress was examined, the« genera appearance of the figure criticised, but n< possible clue could be obtained to anyon* likely to play a trick on the ghost-seei , He had not remained to see it nearer, no to address it. The ghost had no doub appeared, and the drawing represented it Once again in the morning the specti was made the subject of discussion Someone rashly and imprudently declare« that its coming indicated death to th person who had seen it ; but this predic tion was out-voted ; there were no ground for any such statement, and the perso: who had made the suggestion felt rathe small. The sketch which Colonel Loftus ha made was handed about' and commente on. The lady who relates these fact deposes to having herself seen the sketc ' after the return of the colonel from Bayi . ham with his wife. The other guests were surprised at thi evidence, but putting aside the perils c the encounter, some desired to see ti apparition. But the Brown Lady was co; She did not make her appearance vei often, but it must be confessed that whe she did come there seemed no possibility, of mistake.. Some while afterwards two young men were going up to dress for dinner at Raynham Hall. They had no idea of the ghost, and cared nothing for her. The dressing bell was ringing, and they strolled upstairs. " I say, look ! there's a pretty figure in her evening dreBs," exclaimed one of the young men, as a lady-like form suddenly fluttered out on tne staircase in front of them. «. Who can she be ? " asked the other, admiringly. "She certainly haß an exquisite figure." "I wish she would give us a glimpse of her face," continued the first speaker. " Why doesn't she look round P " Hardly had he finished speaking when the lady turned, as the young man declares, and looked at them ; but the eyes were void of all . speculation, the beautiful Brown Lady had only a Death's head. This further testimony began to exercise the minds of the guests, and got abroad too. The servants soon picked up the notion that the house was haunted, but that the frequent-that is the comparatively frequent-appearance of the phantom was unlucky, and boded some disaster. Never- theless, nothing happened, yet one after the other the servants gave their mistress warning. They couldn't "abide" a house which was so haunted by the lady in brocade. In vain Lord Townshend repeated hie former tactics. He made alterations, anc sent for experienced detectives. Ther came a letter from a lady, a relative, whc had heard of the mysterious appearance oi the ghost, and wanted to see it. There if further testimony in her case. * * * # One day she called upon a friend anc joyfully informed her that she was abou to set out on a visit to the castle. " I hope, my dear, that I shall see th< * housekeeper,' " she said. " I'm off t< Raynham j congratulate me ! " " But surely you are too matter-of-fac to believe in the ghost ! " cried her friend " However, I hope you will succeed. Only mind ! there is a spice of danger in it After so many times it carries a warning. " A warning-what warning ? " " They say it may be fatal," replied th lady. " Nonsense ! " was the reply. " I ai going to the castle and shall remain unti I see it ! Don't you think that I am afrai of any such notions." The resolute lady departed. Subs« quently came a letter full of regret « her great disappointment. " Picture my disgust," she wrote j " have been here all this time (two months) and have not yet seen the ghost of the housekeeper!" But this condition of things did not long remain. After the lapse of a couple of weeks another letter arrived, stating the . writer's pleasure and satisfaction. " Imagine my delight," it began. ** I have seen the housekeeper." She had encountered it in much the old way, no doubt ; in the same old- fashioned drees ; gliding up the stairs in the same stately fashion 1 The. incident was com- mented upon and once more forebodings were expressed as to the result. All went well for a time. The usual life passed calmly at the castle. The lady who had seen the phantom was in excellent spirits, and actually discussed her future plans. One eventful morning, however, the lady's maid came down and. announced to . the servants that " her lady wasn't quite . herself." : . ' " Who is she, then ? " may have been the comment, although the flippancy fell flat in the remembrance of what had so lately occurred. The. appearance of the Brown Lady had affected some, and others were not averse to seeing the result of the efforts of the ghost-hunter. The illness rather increased than diminished. A doctor came, and could not pronounce a decided opinion. But the result was fatal. Within a fortnight of the appearance of the warning spectre, the lady who derided it had seen it, and had fallen a victim to its malign influence and wounded feelings. * # * * Of late years we/have seen no stories connected with: the Brown Lady. We have therefore no means of confirming these narratives, which credible witnesses have vouched for, and which we have filled in. It is somewhat curious that the Brown Lady has been seen so often, and it would be interesting to learn whether she has visited the glimpses of the moon in our own memory. Many persons have declared that they have seen the Brown Lady, and Mrs. Crowe, in her "Night-Side of Nature," mentions the phantom ; but those who desire the fullest details should study ' " Rifts in the Veil," in which a lady sets forth her own friend's actual experiences in the castle, and from this personal narrative ' of the circumstances concerning the vision vouchsafed to her fellow-guests, this ' recital of tbe events, there stated to1 be true, is derived. [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from ' Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] 