ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, JUNE 0. 1892. THE IMPERIAL BUDGET. Paradoxical though it may seem, the Budget speech ia the House of Commons is always interesting reading. In thc hands of a master like Mr. Gladstone, who could endow his figures with life, and make them pass before the reader clad in all the gorgeous robes of his glowing imagination, the Budget could be called entrancingly interesting, without running any great risk in the way of charges of extrava- gant exaggeration ; but although Mr. Goschen's presentment of the year's work is much more prosaic, it yet makes a captivating story. The Budget throws so many rays of light on the life of the people, allowing, as no other statement can do, how they have prospered during the year, and also what progress or retrogression has occurred on many lines of social life. And the figures are so huge, dealing with such a stupendous trade, and relating to so large a population, that they may be relied upon to a degree that would be highly imprudent with smaller totals. Although not the pleasantest Budget Mr. Goschen has submitted, the present was in its main points a very satis- factory statement. The Chancellor of the Exchequer fears the country has now reached the crest of one of those periodical waves of prosperity, and for a time nt least the revenue will display little or no elasticity. So far it has not failed him, for the year ended with a realised surplus of £1,067,000. This accrued under three heads: an excess of revenue over the estimate of £565,000 ; a decrease of expenditure on the esti- mate of £336,000 ; and the surplus of £166,000 which he calculated on twelve months ago. But Mr. Groschen re- fused to be deceived by this satis- factory result of last year, and he estimated for a decrease of half a million in the revenue of the current year. Then he expects to spend £300,000 more than last year, and this works out that he is left with an estimated surplus of £224,000, a narrow enough margin on an expenditure of ninety millions. This saved him from any necessity to impose new taxes, but it likewise pre- vented him from making any of those splendid gifts to the nation which dis- tinguished his previous Budgets. So he hod perforce to be content with rectify- ing two small grievances. He first re- duced thu patent fees in certain par- ticulars which press heavily on the poor inventor, at a cost for the current year of £24,000, and next he made an adjustment of the wine duties, which will save the importer a lot of trouble, and make no difference to the revenue. His final figure tims showed an esti- mated surplus for the current year of £200,000. An expenditure of ninety millions annually seems à hugely extravagant total by a Government which does not carry on public services such os rail- ways. But Mr. Goschen was careful to point out that though it had risen during his reign, the increase was in directions which would be matters of congratulation to the country. In the first place education was now free, and this meant annual grants from the Imperial Exchequer, aggregating eight millions. Then.in the last twelvemonths, the National Debt had been reduced by £7,400,000. It is worth noting that the National Debt, which stood at £801,000,000 at the close of the French wnr in ISIS, has been reduced to a little under £670,000,000. In the same time the population has grown from 18,000,000 to 37,000,000. The burden of the debt, therefore, is very consider- ably less than half what it was eighty years ugo. Indeed, if the increased weal tli of the country, and the de- creased charge of the debt, were taken into account, it might be found that it is not a quarter as oppressive ns it was nt the time when the Waterloo laurels were still green. But reducing the National Debt and abolishing school fees does not complete the list of Mr. Goschen's successes. Two or three years ago the Government resolved on a heavy expenditure to increase the defences of thc Empire. This included large additions to the Navy, tho fortify- ing of coaling stations, providing new dock yards, and improving the barrack accommodation. In ail £14,000,000 has already been spent on these works, and of t hat sum £12,000,000 has been paid out of revenue, und only £2,000,000 borrowed. The wooden headedness of Admiralty Boards, the denseness of thc Horse Guards officials, the red tape conservatism of the Civil Service, ure all targets which serve continually for thu wit and wisdom of the reformer. One very significant fact, however, told by Mr. Goschen, shows that these various bureaucrats cannot be the altogether incompetent noodles they are sometimes called. Taking tho last three Budgets, the aggregate estimated expenditure came to the fabulous sum of £264,000,000, and the actual expendi- ture differed from that by the nn'cro scopial amount of £137,000. In other words the variation between the esti- mated and thc actual expenditure was one twentieth of a per cent-one shilling in a hundred pounds. Most interesting nre the effects which tho Budget discloses of the removal of restrictions on trade in increasing thc comforts of the people. Thus last year Mr. Goschen reduced the duty on currants from 7s. to 2s., with the result that the people in- creased their purchases by twenty-five per cent, notwithstanding that the extreme abundance of fresh fruit last summer interfered largely with the trade in the dried nrticle. In previous years Mr. Goschen has had to confess that his good fortune had a dark side, in that it was due to a large increase in tho consumption of spirits. One year there was a rush to rum, and another a marvellous increase in tho- receipts from tho wine duties, which be humourously ascribed to people toasting their prosperity. He had not to confess any dissipation of that kind on the part of the people this year. Tobacco, and not drink, was thc weakness in 1891, and so marvellous was the increase in the duty, that Mr. Goschen asked the House whether or not urchins were all starting to smoke. A few years ago the duty was lowered, and yet the sum received last year was £600,000 higher than the record year under the old duty. In alcohol the most remarkable facts were a decrease in the consumption of beer, and an increase in whisky. The latter was chiefly in England, where it reached C'53 per cent, os against 1-62 per cent in Scotland, and 1-05 per cent in Ireland. The inference is that the Englishman is dropping his natural beverage in favour of the Scotchman's whisky. When on this branch of his subject, Mr. Goschen remarked that wine was the article which first begins to feel the cfiect of commercial depression. Then spirits fall, next tobacco, and on the other hand tea shows no appreciable difference, good times or bad. One change is to be mode this year in the Excise regulations. The artful distiller, in league with the equally smart spirit merchant, is fond of using new casks. These are filled to the bung in the distillery, and put in bond ; but when taken into consumption there is a considerable shrinkage, the wood having absorbed a quantity of the spirit. The merchant pays duty only on what is in the cask. Cut once out of bond, he empties the - cask, Ulis it with warm waler, und so manages to draw out the absorbed spirit, which -he thus secures "free of duty. This mixed water and whisky is the original "grog"-a word now in general use for all kinds of liquor-and the process is known as "grogging" casks. A puncheon which held 100 gallons will sometimes yield as much as three gallons of proof spirit by this treatment. The Excise has known of this all along, but now a method of preventing this "legalised smuggling," as Mir. Goschen termed it, has been dis- covered,'and it is expected the revenue will gain to the extent of £200,000 annually. The income tax has been denounced as the most inquisitorial impost it is possible to conceive. So it is, but per- haps no facts which have ever been wormed out by its collectors will cause greater astonishment than those Air. Goschen made public in this Budget. We are accustomed to look on the cotton industry as a gigantic concern, yielding fabulous incomes to the mill owners; but Mr..Goschen informed the House that, taking the ."cotton lords" in the broadest sense-but excluding employees of nil kinds-their aggregate profits did not reach the earnings of the medical profession. The coal owners are another marvellously rich class according to popular belief, but nevertheless their revenues do not equal the aggregate incomes of the lawyers. Again, from the total manufacturing in- dustries of the country, cotton, wool, silk, ready-made clothing, metals, hardware of all kinds, shipbuilding, sugar re- fining, tanning, chemicals, brewing, dis- tilling, and so on-from the whole mam- moth structure of 'British manufactures, the sum of the profits is only half the amount earned in the work of distribu- tion and transport. In other words, the shopkeeper is twice us wealthy as the manufacturer, a discovery which throws quite a new light on Napoleon's remark about a nation of shopkeepers. Lastly, Mr. Goschen confessed that the aggregate salaries on which income tax was paid reached the gigantic sum of £50,000,000, e-irncd by 350,000 employees. Figures like these, which are beyond question os to accuracy, go to show that it is the obscure shopkeeper, and not the lordly capitalist who is the " bloated " monster of wealth, and some people in this part of the world might do worse than make a note of the fact. Were the question propounded in a Young Men's Debating Society-"Are witches useful or ornamental ? "-a parly could bo formed to maintain the affirmative. Regard must be had to the mental condition of thc people among whom thoy exist. Wc all know policemen are ornamental ; and thc price we have to pay for them establishes their utility. Yet a story that comes to us from France shows they «'ere not so useful as a common fortune- teller. " A collection of ancient gold coins, valued at £1200, was stolen the other day from M. d'Armont, Mayor of Faratnans, in the Ain. After several days spent in fruitless search for the thief, a couple of relatives of M. d'Armont announced iu the village that they were geing to sec a fortune-teller at Lyons, who would certainly tell where the guilty man was. This ruse was successful ; and before they had set out on their joumoy the bog of gold coins was found in the ben roost. The fear of disclosure hy thc fortune-teller had induced thc superstitious thief to return MP booty." The dread of thc .possession of occult powers by one individual over another is a very old superstition; and the manifestation in the case referred to shows how hard it is to eradicate hereditary and in- grained belief. People believe in ghosts: at least there are many, who, with regard to spectral appearances, ghostly warnings, mysterious signs, and sounds, and prognosti- cations, do nut deny tho probability of such things. It has become fashionable to intro- duce these in literature ; and David Grieve heard u voice calling him to Paris, where ho arrived just in lime to witness his Bister's death. A Now Zealand contemporary has been making a long parade of its readiness to publish any veli established instance of the kind indicated. That any public journal will do with alacrity- provided always the evi- dence is presentably credible Wo can say for ourselves wc will be delighted to assist in the discovery of witches, ghosts, and other " uncanny creatures " in Australia. 