Dreamers and Dreams. The'article in the August number of the Contemporary which will excite most interest is one by Mr. IP. Greenwood on "Imagination and Dreams." Mr. Greenwood does not at tempt to theorise in any way abont his sub ject, but speaks of what he knows from his own experience. DBEAil FACES. Before entering upon the subject of actual dreams Mr. Greenwood lingers for a short time over what he calls dream faces. " It may be serviceable to remark (we read) that visions of this kind sometimes present themselves to us in the dark when we are awake, perfectly sane, unaware of any sort of physical disturbance, and without any effort of imagination. They are dream-stuff, so to speak, and the percursors of the dreams that fill our minds when quite asleep." Quoting from Mr. IP. Galton Mr. Green wood says—" In this way a lady used to see showers of red roses, which turned into a flight of golden speckles or spangles; and not only were the roses presented to her vision as distinctly as real flowers in broad daylight might be, but she could Bmell their perfume." "a face, and nothing more." He then goes on to say—" There is nothing like that in my experience, except that at in frequent times of fatigue I share the sensa tions of those who are said to have discovered a rose-scent flowing from and about them. An evanescent but very distinct violet-scent flushes from my hands, or so I fancy. But M. Maury and Mr. Galton relate stories of faces seen in the dark in like manner; face3 seem ingly standing off upon the air, and coming and going as if with a will and purpose of their own. M. Maury's_ experience seems to have differed from mine in this particular. In his case these phantoms nearly always repre sented persons known to him. In mine ib has never been so on a single occasion; and the difference is a noticeable one. As I look at these faces, asking myself who wai ever like that or that, 1 find no answer except iu a fanoied resemblance to some historical or mythological personage. They strike the _ view as entirely strange and sur prisingly 'original.' Possibly Blake's visions were some such faces as these, pre sented to his eyes in broad daylight; I am in clined to think so, because his wonderful, dreadful drawing, 'The Ghost of a Fiea,' is precisely such a transcript as I could have made by the score had I possessed his pictorial skill. Under my own eyelids I have seen many, a face of the same awful family; some even more dreadful still, being all astir with animation. But the greater number of them are Dot of the too terrible kind. After the faot that nothing foreknown or familiar ever appears amoDgst them, the next most remark able thing about these visions is that they often look like the fleeting embodiment of some passion or mocd of the mind ; usually not the bettermost. Some faces expressive of a great nobility and serenity appear, but I have never seen amongst them the mask of pity, or love, or any soft emotion. Grief the most despairing, scorn, cunning, pride, hate, enquiry, envious or triumphant mockery—no human face that ever was seeD, I feel sure, displayed these emotions with a comparable fulness and in tensity. It is not the characteristic of all, bub it is of some to an almost appalling ext3nt; and if Blake did see these faces, either in day light or in darkness, he had more than his imagination to draw upon when he depicted the Passions." "THE OTHER SIDE OP DEATH." Perhaps the most interesting part of this in teresting article is that in which Mr. Green wood deals with dreams connected with the supernatural and the mysteries of the world beyond the grave. We have only space to quote the following example:—"As an illustra tion of this more remarkaole kind of dreaming I may relate one of a series of dreams which followed each other at intervals of a year precisely—a year and a day. A long time ago a genbleman, who may be called A., losb a child by death. He had been very fond and proud of the boy, who was seven or eight years of age, I think, when he died. Indeed, between the two there had always been a strong sympathy, and when the child was taken the father was plunged into the deepest grief. Like many another one in the same situation his thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question, ' But yet, is ha still in existence ? Is there a place in this vast universe where I may think of him as living, no matter how infinite the distance, or even if we are parted nob only now but for ever and ever?' Many poor souls have been t033ed about in the same yearning speculations, day after day, month after month, with no diminu tion of doubt and pain. A. was one of these unfortunates. To this great trouble was added another, which took the shape of a deep and surprising disappointment. At first one of the poor man's very few comforts had bsen that the hoy would haunt his dreams, and that they would be together many a time that way. But it is not invariably true that what you think of most you dream of most, and for all his hoping and praying the father never once dreamt of his son. That is to say, never had any such dream for a whole year, by which time, I daresay, the praying had been given up, and the hope exhausted. Bub then, on the morning of the child's death, and at the very hour in which he died, the father woke from a wonderful dream so intimately and touchingly responsive to the whole year's grief that it cannot be thrown into the glare of print. It is only mentioned —together with the fact that after another 12 months of black and empty nights another dream of the same character occurred at the same hour—in order to give its own setting to -the third dream. The morning had again come round. A. dreamed that he had awakened about dawn, and thinking of nobhing but the hour to rise had drawn his watch from under his pillow. In doing so he saw that ib had been completely shattered. Bub how could ib have been broken so violently, lying where it had been Bnugly placed a few hours before? A reasonable but an injurious con jecture occurred to him. At some time in the night the watch had been taken from beneath the pillow by bis wife, who Lad allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there could be no other explanation he was about to drop asleep again, to get rid of ill humor at the accident (this i3 all in the dream, he it understood), when the door opened, and in came a foreman of works to whom A. gave instructions every day, and between whom and himself there was a great liking. It seemed as if the man had come for the usual draft of work to be done, and it did not strike A. as anything out of the way that he Bhould be visited in his bedroom for it. But ha wxs struck by the look of mysterious enquiry on the man's face. The next moment he connected this look with the broken watch, and drew it out again; the glass gone, the hands swept from the dial, but seeming less like his own watch how. What was the meaning of it? While A. was asking himself this question in a sort of expectant trepidation, the foreman of works said, 'Pub it to your ear, sir.' This A. did; and as he listened bo the even beat within the other said, ' Sir, we know how much you are troubled, and this is our way of showing you that, though every sign of life is destroyed, life may still be going on.' Whereupon A. woke ' all of a tremble,' heard the tranquil tick ticking of his watch under hi3 pillow, and, when he could compose himself to take ib forth, saw that the hands stood at within five or eiehb minutes of the time when his boy died on the same day in the calendar." THE USE OF DREA3IS. But while, on the whole, dreams do not further the practical progress of the world, Mr. Greenwood thinks that they may serve some practical purpose:—" Nearly all dreamers can be brought into one theory—namely, that since in dreams we pass through a great variety of experiences, none of whioh are ever likely to befall us in real life, we are pub to te3ts of character which we should never endure otherwise; and therefore that we ought to come to a bebter acquaintance with ourselves. Thus, if I have never been plaoed in a situa tion of extreme danger, a3 by attack of armed thieves, or in a burning house (together with others more helpless, perhaps), how am I bo know what my feelings and conduct would really be under such circumstances ? Think of himself what he may, no candid man can give a confident answer to that question. Ib is a common experience to discover in one's self a surprising coolness and resource, or a totally unsuspected and crushing cowardice, under a sudden severe test. To some such best, ib has been surmised, we are frequently exposed in dreams; passing through emotions strong enough to affect our physical senses no less than if the daDger were real—as broken knuckles and quaking limbs testify when we awake— and therefore all the more to ,be trusted as like to those which we should actually expe rience if the dream were reality," The Rev. Joseph Robertson, M.A., who ha3 been on a visit to the eastern colonies, is announced to preach in his own church to morrow. The subject of the evening discourse, which will be addressed to young men, is "Higher conceptions of life." A fair to assist in paying off the debt on St. Cuthberb's school building will be held this afternoon and evening in the schoolroom, Clifton-street, Prospect. Mrs. Reunion will open the fair at 3 o'clock, and ib is anticipated that a satisfactory sum will be raised. The building is now used for both Sunday and day school. An important football match will bake place on the Adelaide Oval to-day, when the Norwoods play the Ports for the last time this season. It is expected that the game will be close and exciting. The Rev. Dr. Cosh, of Sydney, one of the deputies to the Federal Assembly of the Presby terian Church, is announced to preach in Flinders-street Churoh (Rev. Jame3 Lyall's), at both services to morrow. 