SPORTING- NEWS. SPORTING NEWS FROM MEL BOURNE. Br 'NiJNQUAM Dormio.' MbiibWene, September Oi THU'TUBF. The Hawkesbnry gathering of 1892 ;is now- -numbered amongst ' the things that have been, and so far no light has been thrown on events to come. Possibly when the A.J.C. meeting at Raadwick is over we may be able to cast the racing horoscope with a greater degree of certainty than at presents but still, I fancy, that will only be in relation to the decision of the weight for-age events of the Spring. The items from the Kandwick training tracks only confirm the excellent preparatory work:put in by Autonomy, Caliioola, TJlrie, Donation and Trieste, of Tom Payten's team ; com billed With information as to the exceedingly good nick Marvel, Bunger bah, Oxide and Little Bernie are in.' I notice too that the . Queenslonder, Realm, has been despooling himself along BidelOxide, and haying none ;the worst of the bout either. THis horse is bound to be properly dangerous whatever his mission isu Camoola knocked spots off Arquebu3 over a mile and a half on Saturday morning, whilst Autonomy downed Trieste in a mile dish, wherein the former was ridden right out, the time occupied being 1 min. 49J sees. Little Bernie spun over a clink ing good mile and a half, finishing in splen uiu scyie. xne aiarvei iamuy were au in good form, the '.toff' himself travelling once round like 'a piece of machinery, whereas the Derby colt) Blarney Stone, .de- feated' The Workman and Ottimar over e'even furlongs, in.first-classtime, whilst Wanganelia (the twc-year--old) spurted/ «* fast half mile with Thespian. Both of these are engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. ? ; The Hawkesbury Race Club gathering on the Clarendon course on Thursday and Saturday was seriously interfered with ow ing to climatic influences, rain, .falling : on the last day and seriously affecting the at- ; tendance, besides rendering the going somewhat heavy. Although the noble army, , of tipsters were a'l abroad in their selec tions for the HawkeBbury Handicap, -the winner, Selkirk (by Robinson Crusoe from Pratch) started favourite at 5 to 2, 4 to 1 being on offer against Gaytime, 7's Triden tine and Princess, 8's Isaac, 12's Everisias, Hegira and Rostellaii. The issue was never in doubt, as Selkirk ' lay behind the ten op posers until a'milo han been traversed, when heclapped on sail for the remaining three furlongs, eventually romping home ten lengths in advance of Princess and Everiatas, the eleven furlongs occupy ing 2. min. 33 sec3. ..Owing to his victory in .the Hawkesbury. Handicap, Sel kirk will have to put up a penalty of 71b. in the Metropolitan Stakes; but even then' he will only have to carry the light impost' of 6st. 121b., or 2lb. less than he carried to victory ' last Saturday. Correspondingly, Teddy 'Key's Alcides will advance from 6st. 101b. to 7st. 61b. in the Epsom Handicap, his 101b. penalty having been incurred through winning the County Purse, in which he was handicapped at 7st. 111b. Selkirk is not engaged iu either the Caul field Cup or Melbourne Cup. Iu fact, al though he was foaled, reared and raced in Victoria, very few benefited by his win. ? We have it on the unimpeachable author ity of a reverend Doctor, which his name was Watt, that the race is not always to the swift nor battle to. the strong. An ir the reverend Doctor was not the originator of that idea, which, he said, emanated'from a marginal . note made, on his cuff by, the Apostle Paul,' after witnessing .'a pedestrian contest intheColosseiim at Rome. Be that as it may, it is certainly a very trite remark, and it is equally as certain that on the Colonial Turf victory does not always declare itself in favour of the high est priced yearlings. In fact, so far the experience of the Sapling stakes at present contested for this reason. proves the reverse to be the fact. -Meg, the treble, winner in Victoria, was picked up by the Messrs. Miller for 50 guineas. .Pharamond, who sailed away with TattersalTs Two-year-old Dba&eB.ubxi;'tiuuw.ii'.H. mau outiiuuay weeii, wua secured by his owner, Mr. W. J. Franks, for 48 guineas ; whilst Innamincka, the winner of the Nursery Handicap at the South Aus trian Jrckey Club Meeting on Saturday, was purchased at: the ? Bale of -Mr.. Sam.' Gardiner's Bundorra Park yearlingB last March for 30 guineas ! For all that theue are only the exceptions to a pretty generally accepted rulfr—nameiy, that if you want a really first-class article you must pay a good price therefor. But only to think,!, if one owner had happened to have had ' the un paralleled good luck to purchase such a ;rio of youngsters as Meg, Pharamcnd and Innamincka for 128 guineas ! Despite some, strenuous, .opposition the third reading of the Totalisator Bill, waa agreed to Dy tbe Legislative Atsembly on Wednesday, night,- after several amend ments had been made. One of thosd limits the operation of the bill to the 31st Decem bar, 1895, while another provides that the ainoant deducted from the Totalisator for charitable purposes shall be placed in the hands of ..the Trea3urer for distribution. .Eventually the bill was ordered to be for-, warded to the. Legislative Council, and io is there the. i eil struggle will eventuate, the bookmakers offering odds of 2 to 1 that it will be thrown.out by the so-called Tipper House. Doubtless the wish'is father to the thought. Still there's ' no shutting one's . eyes to the fact that the opposition to the 'infernal machine' (as the bootmakers dub it) will be a moat strenuous one; in witness whereef I may mention that ? last Friday a large deputation of clergymen, - amongsd whom were Dr. Goe (Bishop of Melbourne), the Eev. A. Yule (Moderator of the Presby terian Assembly), tbe Rev. F. Nea'.e (Pre 8'identof the Wealeyan Conference), as well as a large number of ministers 'from other denominations, Mrs.McLean (President of the Women's Christian Temperance Union) and. inpmbers of the Social- Purity Society; waited upon the Premier, and. stronsrlv condemned the BrjDosal to legalise gambling by means of the Total izator. The opinion was expressed that a Legislative recognition of the evil would only tend to increase it. Mr. Gordon, M. LA., said that if an earlier day in the week had been chosen the deputation would have, been supported by a large number of members of both Houses of Parliament, and he was authorised by Messrs. Outrim,. Gra ham and Peacock (member^ of.the Cabinet) to mention that, they endorsed the ;objec tion of the. deputation to the use of the Totalizator. Mr. Shiels.in reply, .pointed out that when a bill was in the hands of a private member the Government could not. prevent Parliament from expressing an opinion upon it. .He did not agree with the deputation that all gambling arid gam ing was a vice, any more than he would at taking some whisky on a cold night;. He . freely admitted that: the world would be . batter if., there was no drinking or gambling ; but it was simply impossible to absolutely stop these eus toms by prohibitory methods. The Totali sator Bill was supported bp members of the Legislative Assembly who were connected with, thtt church, and by men. whose re Bpeetability. would not be questioned even by the Bishop., HebelieveA that the Totalisator might lead to a slight increase in gambling; but that drawback would, be accompanied by the advantage of getting rid of the dangerous Bysttim of ere lit betting and the low-class bookmakers and welshers. They might take different views as to the means to be adopted to minimise the gambling evil; but they all sought the public good, and the Government thought this end could be attained by surrounding the evil with practicable and possible re s' notions. : After which the deputation diln't thank the Minister, but got up and got.' ? , , . ? ' . . , , Mick O'Brien, commonly known during tbe zenith of his racing career as the 'Crouching Panther' (from the way in. which he was wont to gather himself to gether prior to making his final effort), passed a ff ay, after a lingering illness, the otitcome 'of asthma and 'bronchiil , coji plaint3, at his residence, CaulfHd, yester day week, and was buried on Wednesday, ia the St. Kilda Cemetery. O'Brien, whe was never possesed of a strong constitution, expired at the comparatively early age of 34; his father, who was 68 years old, being eo affected by his death, that he, too,yielded up the ghost the afternoon his son was buried. ? f . ..,,,.. St. Blaize has been scratched for all his Australian; Jockey Clnb engagements at Randwick, the ostensible reason being that a bruised heel has been giving his owner (Mr. Ike Earnshaw) a deal of trouble. However, he may possibly recover by Caul field Cup or Melbourne Cup time, as Mr; Earnshaw is a remarkably clever person. In the language of Hamltt, 'he knows a hawk from a cronstraW t ?,, ; :, .: ? Cricke't.. ? Already the note of preparation ha3 bsen Bounded in our cricket camp's, arid from ' the sign ' I shall not be far wrong in an ti ipating a strong return to the old-time interest evinced in club cricket. Time was — and not so many years ago either — when people woHld flock down t» the East Mel bourne, Melbourne, and South Melbourne grounds iu thousands of a Saturday after noon to witness the knights of the willow contesting for supremacy; but, unfortun ately, fir a number of years the ''vim' seems to have died out — not eo much amongst the players as the spectators. One great factor in this defection has undoubt edly been the haphazard kind of way in which the senior clubs have been drawn against each other for the Premiership Pennant and Shield ; it being a remarkable' fact that under the system adopted (winners against winners and losers against losers; soucn meioourne ana iast Melbourne have not met each other in a premiership contest for two seasons. Now the system that can produce such a result as that between two crack clubs must be an pxtremely : bad one ; and, becoming seized of this fact, the Victorian Cricketers' As sociation appointed a committee some time ago to consider aridiJeport tipon the rules for the conduct of Pennant matches for the season of 1892-93. This report was present ed to a full meeting of the V.C.A.last Mon day week, and consisted of '. seven recom mendations afffcting^ first eleven8.'': These, -after- some discussion,: emendations and al terations, were adopted, as- follows :— ,, First Elevens^' '' ' '' : .1.— That the clubs which played for lasb T year's pennant be divided info itwo . .?, (Classes — A'andB — according , to per . fdrmahcea/of last season, as follows: — A Class.— South: Melbourne, Mel ?.?}: ' ' bournej .Fitzroy, North Melbourne, St. Kilda and' Ea&t; Melbourne. B Class.— Carltbn, University, . Port ;.... . , Melbourne,, Richmond, Williams , . . . town and.Essendoh. . . . a. — ahat the clubs compete in their, respec . . tivec-asses until. all the clubs have met one another once, making five rounds. 3\. — A Drawshall be made by the Pennant Coramittee prior to the. second Satur . day in October, to fix the order of play for the first' five rounds in each class. ? . No club shall meet another club twice ?in the i first five rounds. 4.— ;At the termination of the fifth round the four leading clubs ' in each class (the two lowest being then out of com petition) shall meet one another in ? i;their respective classes until the eighth ' lound is completed. . Order of play to ? : 'be decided by a draw. ''. 5\. — In the casa of ties in any stage of the . competition:: tbe positions of -'.the clubs shallbe determined by .the averages of their performances in batting and bowl .'?-'? ihgonabaBis to be decided at the first meeting of the Association after the adoption of this report; 6\. — The club scoring the higbest number of points in each class to be awarded a . j pennant .and shield, with a badge to ..' each member who has ? played in. four ?' matches. . ... „? ; y.-rin each following, season tbe lowest '?'/?liih.ftiif: nf cnmTi.AfiKfin affo^ flio flPM, ;' ' roiind in A Class shall change place ... with the'l highest in B Class. . That last clause occasioned a good deal of discussion, there being a strong feeling ex pressed that as .this waa the. first year of the subdivision of clubs into classes and as the 'colour line' (so to speak) between some of the clubs in A Class and others in B Class was not, any to clearly defined, it would be more equitable to have the two club3 out of competition »in A Class ab the end of the fifth round change places with the two highest in B Class the following year:. Eventually, after the ma'ttir was well threshed out, a close division resulted on the clause being allowed to stand a3 pro posed by the committee, and as printed above. With regard to second elevens, there was a big hitcb. . These 'were 'proposed by the committee to be dealt with as follows : — , ' , ' '.' , .Second Elevens. :?','?' ,' ' Second Elevens shall also be dividedinto two classes as above, and play, under the same conditions, except after the termina tion of the fifth round, when it may ;be VlPftARsarv fnrf-.ViA Ponnnnft CnmniH-.toa ¥n arrange the-groundB on which the further! contests shall take place. A badge to be awarded to eaih member of the Premier Second Eleven in each class who has played in four matches.' ? ? - . ' ' ' ' ' Upon this being submitted to the meeting a terrible pow-wow.ensued, some delegates being of opinion that; the' second. 'elevens — that is to say. when perhaps the Melbourne first eluven got relegated to B. Class (ahem!) its second eley;n. should follow suiF. Howeveri that idea didn't find favor, and as thie majority were not quite clear on the point asto what the committee really did mean, and as it was - deemed advisable to leave no hinge or loop to hangi ' a doubt on, that pirtion of their report dealing with second elevens was referred back to them for further elucidation on the point. Thus stands the : matter. To my mind, the whole portends a 'great revival being' taken in club cricket during the ensuin; season. . Dr.' Barrett was vey firm in ^ the faith that all matches should be decided in two Saturdays at the outside, one innings each being the basis, and the: Pennant Committee being given the power to compel clubs to finish up' during the week nights when necessary. ?' But, Doctor, in a two Saturdays' ma'ch, look how the element of luck might come .in, with, regard to the weathor,' I contended. ' 'It is jiist as fair for one as the other,' was his didacticreply ; ' and,,another;tbing, the best clubs would meet oftener under my scheme, and that the matter of luck would in all probability be more evenly balanced than it is now.' East Melbourne held their meeting last Saturday; and were most enthusiastic over the incoming year. ? They will be conaider Huiy sueujjuiuiieu uy .toe presence oi Vautin, a good all-round cricketer and foatbaLer. He came over from Tasmania a few months ago, and has done good ser-. vice.in the football field for EsBendon. Footbail Is dragging its slow length wearily along. There have been some fearful scenes on some of the grounds this season, but the match between BalLrat Imperials and Ballarat (at Hallarat) on Saturday, completely broke the rec9rd for pure brn tality. . Eventually the pups won the match and the district premiership. 