I YADA THE LILY. I By H. RIDER HAGGARD. I coprbight, 1S91, Br H. Bidee I Haggard. I (ALL BIGHTS RE8EBVED.) I CHAPTER XXII. (continoed.) I MOPO gobs to SEEK the slaughterer. I Nov Dlngaan, deserting tbe kraal I jjnenza, moved back to Zalnland, and I built a great kraal by the Mahlabatlne, I which he named Umgognndhlovu ' — I that is, ' the rambling of the elephant.' I Also, be caused all the fairest girls in I the land to be sought oat as Ins wives, I and though many were found yet he I craved for more. And at this time a I rumour came to the ears of the Ring' I Dingaan that there lived in Swaziland I among the Halakazi tribe a girl of the I most wonderful beauty, who was named I the Lily, and whose skin was whiter I than are the skins of our people, and he desired greatly to have this girl to wife. I So Dingaau sent sn embassy to the chief I of the Halakazi, demanding that tbe girl I should be given to him. At the end of I a mouth tbe embassy returned again, I sod told the king that they had found nothing bat hard words at the kraal of the Halakazi, and had been driven thence with scorn and blows. This was the message of the chief ofthe Halakazi to Dingaan, king of the Zulus : That the maid who was named the Lily was, ! indeed, the wonder of tbe eartb, and as yet unwed ; for she had foand no man upon whom she looked with favour, and she was held in euch love by this people that it was not their wish to force any husband on her. Moreover, the chief said that he and his people defied Dlngaan and the Znlus, as their fathera had defied Chaka before him, and spat upon his name, and that no maid of theirs should go to be tbe wife ofaZnln dog. Then the chief of the Halakazi cansed the maid who was named the Ialy to be led before the messengers of Dingaan, and they foand her wonder fully fair, for so they said : she was tall as a reed, and her grace was the grace of a reed that is shaken in the wind. Moreover, her hair cnrled, and hnng upon her shoulders, her eyes were large and brown, and soft as a back's, her colour was the colour of rich cream, her smile was like a ripple on the waters, aud when ehe spoke her voice was low and sweeter than the eonnd of an in strument of music. They eaid also that the girl wished to speak with them, but the chief forbade it, and caused ber to be led thence with all honour. Now, when Dingaan heard this mes sage he grew mad as a lion in a net, for he deBired this maid above everything, and yet he who had all thinga could not via the maid. This was his command, that a great impi should be gathered end sent to Swaziland against the Halakazi tribe, to destroy them and seize the maid. Bat when the matter came on to be dlBcnssed with the indunas in the ureeeuce of the king, at the Ama- pakati or conncll, I, as chief of the in dunas, spoke against it, saying that tbe tribe of the Halakazi were great and strong, and that war with them would mean war with the Swazis also ; more over, they had their dwellings in caves which were hard to win. Also, I said, that this was no time to send itnpis to seek a single girl, for few years had gone by since the Black One fell ; and foes were many, and the soldiers of the land had waxed few with slaughter, half of them having perished in the marshes of the Limpopo. Row, time mast be given them to grow up again, for to-day they were as a little child, or like a man wasted with banger. Maids were many, let the king take them and satisfy his heart, bnt let him make no war for this one. Thus I spoke boldly in the face of the king, as none had dared to speak before Chaka ; and courage passed from me to tbe hearts of the other indnnas and generals, and they echoed my words, for they knew that, of all follies, to begin a new war with the Swazi people wonld be the greatest. Dingaan listened, and his brow grew dark, yet he was not so firmly seated on the throne that he dared pat away our words, for still there were many in the land that loved the memory of Ghaka, and remembered that Dingaan had murdered him and Umhlangana also. For now that Chaka was dead, people forgot how evilly he had dealt with them, and rememharpd nnlv that bp. was a great man, who had made the Znln people out of nothing, as a smith fashions a bright spear from a lump of iron. Also, though they had changed masters, yet their burden was not lessened, for, aa Chaka slew, so Dingaan slew also, and as Chaka oppressed so did Dingaan oppress. Therefore Dingaan yielded to the voice of his indnnas and no impi was sent against the Halakazi to seek the maid that was named the Idly. Bat still he hankered on her in his heart, and from that hour he hated me because I had crossed his will and robbed him of hiB desire. Now, my father, there is this to be fold : Though I did not know it then, the maid who was named the Lily was no other than my daughter Nada. The thought, indeed, came into my mind, foat none bat Nada could be so fair. Yet I knew sorely that Nada and her; mother Macropha was dead, for he who brought me the sews of their death had seen their bodies lying locked in each other's arms, killed, as it were, by the ame spear. Yet, as it chanced, he J&s.wrong; j for though Macropha in deed was killed, it was another maid who lay in blood beside her; for the people whither I had sent Macropha and Nada were tributary to the Halakazi tribe, and that chief of the Halakazi who sat in the place of Galazi and Wolf tod quarrelled with them, and fallen on them by night and eaten them up. As I learned afterwards, the cause of their destruction, as afterwards it was the causa of the slaying of the Halakazi, wis Hie beauty of Nada and nothing cme, for the fame of her loveliness had gone abont the land, and the old chief of the Halakazi had commanded thai are girl should be sent to his kraal tc five there, that her beanty might shine on his place like the son, and that, i) in she willed, she should choose "a" has tonafrom among the great men of thi Hsfokaa. Bnt the head men jof thi kraal refused, for none who had looker ® would suffer their eyes to los sight of Nada the Idly, thongh there was thfo fate abont the maid that none strove to wed her against her will. Many, Indeed, asked her in marriage, both there ; and 'among the- ffsisbigi people, bnt ever ehe shook her head and eaid, 'Nay, I would wed no man,' and it was enough. For it was the saying among men, that It was better that she should remain unmarried, and all shonld look on her, than that she shonld pass from their right into the faionseof a hnsband ; for they held that her beauty was given to be a joy to all, like the beanty of the dawn and of the evening. Yet this beanty of Nada's was a dread ful thing, and the mother of mnch death, as shall be told ; and because of her beaniy and the great love she bore, ehe, the Inly herself, mart wither, and the cup of my sorrows moat he filled to overflowing, and the heart of TJmsIopo- gaas the Slaughterer, son of Chaka Hie king, mast become desolate as the black- plain when the Are has swept it. Bo ft was ordained, my fattier, and .80 it be fell, seeing that thne all men, white and black, seek that which is beautiful, and when at lut they find it, then it passes swiftly away, or, perchance, it is their death. For great joy and great beuty are winged, nor wiil theysojonrn.long upon the eartb. They come down like eagles ont of the sky, and into the sky they return again swiftly. Thus when It came abont, my father, that I, Mopo, believing my daughter Nada to be dead, little guessed that it was she who was named the Lily in the ' kraals of the Halakazi. and whom Dineaan 1 the king desired for a wife. Now, after I had thwarted him in this matter of the sending of an impi to pluck the Lily from the garden of the Halakazi, Dingaan learned to hate me. Also I was in bis secrets, and with me he had killed his brother Ghaka and his brother Umhlangana, and it was I who had held him back from tbe slaying of bis brother Panda also ; and, therefore, he hated tne, as is the fashion of email-hearted men with those who have lifted them up. Yet he did not dare to do away with the, for my voice was loud in the land, and when I spoke the people listened. Therefore, in the end, he cast abont for some way to be rid of me for a while, till he should grow strong enough to kill me. ' Mopo,' said the king to me , one day as I sat before him in council with others of the indunas and generals, 'mindeet thou of the last words of the Great Elephant, who is dead ?' This he said meaning Ghaka his brother, only he did not name him, for now the name of Chaka was Monipa in the land, as is the enstom with the names of dead kiogs — that is, my father, it was not lawful that it shonld pass the lips. ' £ remember the words, O Ring,' I answered. They were ominous words, for this was their burden : That yon and yonr house shonld not sit long in the throne of kiogs, bat that the white men shonld take away yonr royalty and divide your territories. Such was Hie prophecy of the Lion of the Zaln, why speak of it Once before I heard him prophecy, and his words were fulfilled. May the omen be an egg without meat ; may it never become fledged ; may that bird never perch npon yonr roof, O King 1' Now, Diogaan trembled with fear, for the words of Chaka were in his mind by night and by day ; then he grew angry and bit his lip, saying — 'Thou fool, Mopo ! Canst thou not hear a raven croak at the gates of a kraal bat thon mast needs go tell those who dwell within that he waits to pick their eyes ? Such criers of ill to ' come may well fiad ill at hand, Mopo.' He ceaeed, looked on me threateningly awhile, and went on : 'I did not speak of those words rolling by chance from a toogae half loosed by death, bnt of others that told of a certain Balalio, of a Slaughterer who rnles the People of the Axe and dwells beneath the .shadow of the Ghost Mountain far away to the north yonder. Surely I heard them alias I sat beneath the shade of the reed-fence before ever I came to save him who was my brother from the spear of -MaeO.0, the mnrderer, whose" spear stole away the life of a Jong?' . 'I remetaber those words also, O Bang !' Isaid. ' Is it the will of -the king that an Imp! ehoold be gathered to eat np this upstart ? Soch Was the command of one who is gone, "given, as it were, with -his last breath.' « Nay,' Mopo, that is not my will. If no impi can be found by thee to wipe away -the Halakazi arid bring one whom E desire 'to delight my eyes, then surely none can be fonnd to eat np this Slanghterer and his' people. Moreover, Bnlalio, chief of the People of the Axe, has not- offended against .me, bat against an elephant . whose trnmpetings are done. Now, this is my will, Mopo, my servant : that thon shouldn't take with thee a few men only and go " gently to this Bnlalio, and say to him : ' A greater Elephant stalks through the land than he who has gone to sleep, and it has- come to his ears — that thon, Chief of tbe People of the Axe, dost pay no tribute, arid hast said that; because of the death of a certain Mopo, thon wilt have nothing to do with him whose . shadow lies npon the land. Now ooe Mopo is sent to thee, Slanghterer, to know if .this tale is trne, for, If it be true, then shalt thou learn the weight of the hoof of that Elephant who trumpets in the kraal Umgngundhlovp. Think, then, and weigh thy wordp before thon dost answer, Slanghterer.' " Now, I, .Mopo, heard the commands of the king and ponder ed . them in my mind, lor I knew well that it was the derign of Dingaan to be rid me -for a space that he might find time to plot my overthrow, and that be cared '/little for this matter of a petty chief, Who, living far away, had dared to defy Chaka. Yet I wished to go, for there had arisen in me a great desire to see this Bnlalio, who spoke of vengeance to be taken for one Mopo, arid whose deedB were„snch as thedeeds of Umtdopogaaswoald'have been, had Umslopogaas lived to look upon the light. Therefore I answered — I hear the king. .The king's .-word ; shall be done, though, O King, ikon sendest a big man npon a little errand.' 'Not so, Mopo,' answered Dingaan. ; My heart iriUs me jthat this chicken ol i a Slaughterer >wRi grow to a great cock i if his comibie.iotmY presently; and i thon, Mojjojiart raided in catting combs, \- even of the uDttt? t I hear the king,' I answered again. 5 So, my father, it came about that or 1' the morroWj fcaldng with jusTjut tea s chosen men, I, Mopo, abated onmj journey towards the GhoBt Mountain, and it I journeyed I thought mnch of how I bad trod that path in bygone days. Then, Macropha, my wife, and Nada, my daughter, and Umslopogaas, the eon of Chika, who was thought to be my son, walked at my side. Now, as I Imagined, all were dead and I walked alone ; doubtless I also shonld soon be dead. Well, people lived few days and evil in those timeB, and what did It matter 1 At the least I had wreaked vengeance on Chaka and satisfied my heart. At length I came one night to that lonely spot where we had camped in the evil hoar when Umslopogaas was home away by the lioness, and once more I looked npon the cave whence he had dragged the cub, and npon the awful face of the stone Witch who sits aloft npon the Ghost Mountain for ever and for ever. I could sleep little that night, because of the sorrow, at my. heart, bnt sat awake looking, in the brightness of the moon, upon the grey face of the etone Witch, and on the depths of the forest that grew abont her knees, wondering the while if the bones of Umslopogaas lay broken in that forest Now, as I journeyed, many tales had been told to me of this Ghost Mountain, which all ewore was hunted, so said some, by men in the shape of wolves ; and, so said some, by the EsemJcofil — that is, by men who have died and who have been brought back again by magic. They have no tongues, the EsemJcofu, for had they tongues they wonld cry aloud to mortals the awful secrets of the dead, therefore, they can bnt utter a walling like that of a babe. Sorely one may hear them in the foreet at night as they wail 'Ai—ah ! Ai, — ah !' among the silent trees ! Yon langb, my father, but I did not laugh as I thought of these taleB ; for, if men had spirits, where do the spirits go when the body is dead ? 'They mnBt go somewhere, and wonld it be strange that they shonld retnrn to look npon the lands where they were born! Yet I never thought mnch of each matters, though I am a doctor, and know some thing of the ways of the Amatongo, the people of the ghosts. To speak trntb, my father, I have had so mnch to do with the loosing of the spirits of men that I never troubled myself overmnch with them after they were loosed ; there will be time to do this when I myself am of their number. So I sat and gazed on the monntain and tbe forest that grew over it like hair on the head of a woman, and as I gazed I heard a spnnd that came from for away, ont of the heart of the forest as it seemed. At first it was faint and far off, a distant thing like the cry of children in a kraal across a valley ; then it grew louder, bnt still I could not say what it might be ; now it swelled and swelled, and I knew it — it was the sound of wild beasts at chase. Nearer came the mnsic, the rocks rang with' it, and its voice set the blood beating bnt to hearken to it. That pack was great which ran a-hnntlng through the silent night ; and now it was nigh, on the other side of the slope only, and the Bonod swelled so loud that those who were with me awoke also and looked forth. Now, of a sadden a great koo doo ball appaared for an instant stand ing ont against the sky on the crest of the ridge, then vanished in the shadow. He was running towards as; presently he saw him again speeding on his path with great bonnds. "We saw this also — forms grey and gaunt and galloping, in number countless, that leaped along npon his parth, appearing on the crest of the rise, disappearing in the shadow, seen again on the slope, lost in the valley ; and with tbem two other shapes, the shapes of men. Now the big back bounded past nB not half a spear'e throw away, and behind him streamed the conntless wolves, and from the throats of the wolves went np that awfnl music. And who were these two that came with the wolves, shapes of men great and strong! They ran silently and swiftly, wolves' teeth gleamed npon their beads, wolves' hides hnng about their shonldera. In tbe hand of one was an axe — the moonlight shone npon it — in the hand of the other a heavy club. Neck and neck they ran ; never before had we seen men travel so fast. See ! they sped down the slope towards as ; the wolves were left be hind, all except four of them ; we heard the beating of their feet ; they came they passed, they were gone, and with them their conntless company. The mnsic grew faint, it died, it was dead; +.Vin linnf. oro a few a man flia arne still again ! ' Now, my brethren,' I asked of those who were with me, 'what is this that we have seen ?' Then one answered, ' We have seen the Ghosts .who live in the lap of the old Witch, and those men are the Wolf- BrethreD, the wizards who are kings of the Ghosts.' CHAPTER XXIII. mdpo reveals TiTURltT.v to the slaughterer. All firit Dight we watched, but we neither -saw nor heard any more of - the wolves, nor of the men who hnnted with them. ' On the morrow, at dawn, I sent a runner to Bnlalio, chief of tbe People of Hie Axe, saying that a messenger came to him from Dingaan, the king, who desired to speak with him in peace within the gates of fab - kraal. I charged the messenger, .however, that he shonld not teU my name, bnt shonld say only that it was ' Month of Dingaan.' Then land those with me followed slowly on the path of the man whom I sent forward, for the way was for, and I had bidden him retnrn and meet me bearing the words of the Slanghterer, Holder of the Axe. All that day till the snn grew low we walked ronnd the' base of the great Ghost Monntain, following the linei of the river. We metno one, bnt once we """" to the rains pf akrasl, and in it lay the broken bones of many men, and with the bones Vasty, assegais and the remains of ox-hide shields, black and white incolonr. JSowi I examined the shields, and knew ' from their colour that they had been : carried in' the hands of those soldiers who. yearp ago, were aent opt by Chaka i to peek for Umslopqgaasi'bnt who had ,/ .returned no more. ' ; ' > "Now,' Isaid, 'it has fared til with t those eoldiere of the Black One who Is i gone, fori think jijirtriieserire the shields I they bore,ahd that their eyes orice looked upon the world through the holes ln: yonder skulls.3 'These are the shields they bore; and those are the skulls they wore,3 answered one. 'See, Mopo, eon of Mskedama, this Is no man's work that has brought them to their death. Men do not break the bones of their foes In pieces as these bones are broken. Wow ! men do not break them, bnt wolves do, and last night we saw wolves a-hnnting ; nor did- they hunt alone, Mopo. Wow ! this is a hauoted land 1' Then we went on In silence, andall the way the stone face of the Witch who sits aloft for ever stared down on ns from the monntain top. At length, an hoar before sundown, wb came to the open lands, and there, on the crest of a rise - beyond the river, we saw the kraal of the People of the Axe. It was a great kraal and well built, and their cattle were spread abont the plaint like to herds of game for number. We went to the river and passed it by the ford, arid eat down and waited, till presently I saw the man whom I had sent forward returning to wards nB. He came and sainted me, and I asked him for news. 'This is my news, Mopo,' he said : ' I have seen him who is named Bnlalio, and he is a great man — long andlean, with a fierce face, and carrying a mighty axe, each an axe as he bore last night who hnnted with the wolves. When I had been led before the chief I sainted him and spoke to him — the word yon laid npon my tongne I spoke to him. He listened, then langhed aloud, and said : 'Tell him who sent yon that the month of Dingaan shall be welcome, and shall speak the words of Dingaan in peace ; yet I wonld that it were the head of Dingaan that came, and not hie mouth only, for then Axe Groan-Maker shonld join in oar talk — ay, beeanse of one Mopo, whom his brother Chaka murdered, it wonld also speak with Dingaan. Still, the month . is not the head, bo the month may come in peace.'" Now, I started when for the second time I heard talk of one Mopo, whose name had been on the lips of Bnlalio the Slanghterer. Who was there who would thus have loved Mopo except one who was long dead 1 And yet, perhaps the chief spoke of some other Mopo, for the name was not my own only — in trntb, Chaka had killed a chief of that name at the great mourning, because he eaid that two Mopos in the land were one too many, and that though this Mopo wept sorely when the tears of others were dry. So I said only .. that this chief bad a high etomach, and we went on to the gates of tbe kraal. There were none to meet as at the gates, and none stood by tbe doors of the hats within them, bnt beyond, from the cattle kraal that was in the centre of the hots, rose a duet and a din as of men gathering for war. Now, some of those with me were afraid, and wonld have turned back, fearing treachery, and they were yet more afraid when, on coming to the Inner entrance of the cattle kraal, we saw some five hundred soldiers being mastered there company by company, by two great men, who ran up and down the ranks shouting. Bnt I cried, ' Nay 1 nay ! Torn not back I Bold looks melt tbe hearts of foes. Moreover, if this Bnlalio wonld have mnrdered us, there was no need for him to call np so many of his warriors. He is a proud chief, and wonld show his might, not knowing that the king we serve can master a company for every man he has. Let ns go on boldly.' So we walked forward towards the impi that was gathered on the farther side of the kraal. Now, the two great men who were marshalling the soldiers saw ns, and came to meet ne, one fol lowing the other. He who came first bore the axe npon bis shoulder, and he who followed swnng a huge clab. I looked npon the foremost of them, and ah 1 my father, my heart grew faint with joy, for I knew him across the years. It was Umslopogaas ! my fosterling, Umslopogaas 1 and none other, now grown into manhood — ay, into such a man as was not to be found beside him ' in Zalnland. He was great and fierce, somewhat spare in frame, bnt wide shouldered and shallow flanked. His arms were long and not over big, but tbe muscles stood ont on them like knots in a rope ; his legs were long also, and very thick beneath the knee. His eye was like an eagle's, his nose somewhat hooked, and he held his head a little forward, as a man who searches con tinually for a hidden foe. He seemed to walk slowly, and yet he came swiftly, bnt -with a gliding movement like that of a wolf or a lion, and always histangers i played ronnd the horn handle of the axe 1 Groan-maker. For 1dm who followed, ' he wee great also, shorter than Umslo pogaas by the half a head, bat of a ; sturdier build. His eyes were small, and twinkled unceasingly like a little 1 star, and his look was very wild, for ; now and again he grinned, showing his white teeth. When I saw Umslopogaas, my father, by bowels melted within me, and I longed to run to him and throw myself npon his neck. Yet I took counsel with myself and did not — nay, I dropped the corner of the kaross I wore over my - eyes, hiding my face lest he shonld know me. Presently he stood before me, searching me ont with his keen eyes, for I drew forward to greet him. ' Greeting, Month of Dingaan 1' he said in a iond voice. ' Yon are a little man to be the month of so big a chief.' 'Tbe month is a little member, even; of the body of a great king, - O Chief Bnlalio, ruler of the People of the Axe, wizard of the wolves that are npon the Ghost Monntain, who aforetime was named Umslopogaas, son of Mopo, son of Makedama.' Now, when Umslopogaas heard these words he started like a child at a rust ling in the dark, and stand hard at me. 'Yon are well instructed,' he said. 'The ears of the king axe large, if bis month be small, O Chief Bnlalio,' I answered, 'and I, who sm hut the month, 8 peak what the ears have heard. 'How know yon that I have- dwelt with the wolves npon Ghost Mountain, O Month !' he asked. 'The eyes of the king see for, 0 Chief Brilalio. Thus, methlnks, last night they saw a great chase and a merry. It seems that they saw a koo doo bull; running ; at;:«geed, - «nd after . him countless wplves 'making ,their music arid with the wolves two mat dad in wolves' ddns, euoh 'meri'iBs yon, Bnlalio, and he with the dab who fol lows yon.' ...Now Umslopogaas lifted the sxe Groan-Maker as thongh he wonld ont me down, then let it foil again; whilst Galazi the Wolf glared at me with wide- opened oyes. 'How know yon that I once was named Umslopogaas, who have lost that name these many days? Speak, O Month, lest I kill yon. ' Slay if you will, Umslopogaas,' I answered, 1 bnt know that when the brains are scattered the month is dumb. He who scatters brains loBes wisdom.' 'Answer 1' he said. 'I answer not. Who are yon that I shonld answer yon! I know ; it is enough. To my business.' Now Umslopogaas ground his teeth in anger. 'I am not want to he thwarted here in my own kraal,3 he said ; ' bnt to yonr business. Speak it, little Month.' This is my business, little Chief. When the Black One who is gone yet lived, yon sent him a message by one Masilo — such e message as he had never heard, and that had been yonr death, O fool puffed np with pride, bnt death came first npon the Black "One; and his hand was stayed. Now, Dingaan, whose shadow lies npon the land, the king whom I serve, and who sits in the place of the Black One who is gone, speak jto yon by me, Ids month. He would know this : if it is true that yon refuse to own his sovereignty, . to pay tribute to him in men and maids and cattle,and to serve him in his wars - ' Answer, yon little headman ! — answer in few words and short!' j Nov Cfflfllonnonfta muuwul fnn hvAai.lt in his rage, and again he fingered the -great are. 'It (a well for yon, O Month,' he said, ' that I swore safe con duct to yon, else yon had not gone hence — else bad yon been served as I served certain soldiers who in bygone years were sent to search ont one Um slopogaas. Yet I answer yon in few words and shore. Look on those spears — they are but a fourth part of the number I can master : that is my answer. Looknowonyondermountain, the monntain of ghosts and wolves — un known, impassable, save to me and one other only : that is my answer. Spears and mountains .shall come together— the mountains shall be alive with spears and with the fangs of beasts. Let Dingaan seek his tribate there 1 I have spoken !' Now I laughed shrilly, desiring to try the heart of Umslopogaas, my fosterling, yet farther. ' Fool,' Isaid, ' Boy with the brain of a monkey, for every spear yon have; Dingaan, whom I serve, can send a hundred, and yonr monntain shall be stamped flat ; and for yonr .ghosts and yonr wolves, see, with tbe month of Dingaan I spit upon them 1' and I spat upon tbe ground. Now Umslopogaas shook in rage, and the great axe glimmered as he shook. He turned to the captain who was behind him, aqd eaid : 'Ssy, Galazi the Wolf, shall we kill this man and those with him J' ' Nay,' answered the Wolf, grinning, ' do not kill them ; you have given them safe conduct. Moreover, let them go back to their dog of a king, that he may send ont his puppies to do battle with onr wolves. It will be a pretty fight.' Get yon gone, O Month,' said Um slopogaas ; ' get yon gone swiftly, lest a worse thing befall yon ! Without my gates yon shall find food to satisfy yonr hanger. Eat of it and begone, for if to morrow at the noon yon are fonnd within a spear's throw of thiB kraal, yon and those with yon shall bide there for ever, O Month of Dingaan the king ¥ Nowl made as thongh I wonld depart, then, turning suddenly, I spoke once mora, saying — ' There were words in yonr message to the Black One who la gone of a certain man — nay, how was he named ? — of a" certain Mopo.' NowUmslopogaasstartedas one starts who is wounded by a spear, and stared at me. ' Mopo 1 What of Mopo, O Wnnt.li, whose eyes are veiled f Mopo is dead, whose son I was 1' 1 Ah P I said, 1 yes, Mopo is dead — that is, riie Black One who is gone killed a certain Mopo. How came it, 0 Bnlalio, that yon were his son ¥ ' Mopo is dead,' qnoth Umslopogaas again ; 'he is dead with all his faonse, his kraal is stamped flit, and that is why 1 hate the Black One, and therefore I hate Dingaan, his brother, and will be as are Mopo and the honse of Mopo before I pay him tribate of a single OX.' NowJ my father, all this while I had spoke to Umslopogaas m a feigned voice, but now I spoke again and in my own voice, saying — ' So I Now yon speak from your heart, young man, and by digging I have reached the root of the matter. It is because of thiB dead dog of a Mopo that yon defy the king.' Umslopogaas beard the voice, and Bhook no more with anger, but rather with fear and wonder. He looked at me hard, answering nothing. ' Have yon a hat near by, O Chief Bnlalio, foe of Dingaan the king,. where I, the month of the king, may epeak with yon a while apart, for I wonld learn yonr message word by word that I may deliver it. Fear not, Slanghterer, to sit alone with me in an empty bnt ! I am unarmed arid old, and there is that in yonr hand which I shonld fear,' and I pointed to the "» Now Umslopogaas, still shaking In his limbs, answered, '-Follow me, OMonth, and yon, Galazi, stay with these men.' So I followed Umslopogaas, and presently we came to a large hut. He pointed to the doorway, and I crept through it and he fallowed after me. Now, for a while it seemed dark In the .hat; for the son was sinking withont and the place was fall of shadow ; so I waited while a man might count fifty, till onr eyes could search the darkness. Then of a sadden I threw the blanket from my face and looked into the eyes of Umslo pogaas. ' Look on me now, O Chief Bnlalio, O Slaughterer, who once was named Umslopogaas— -look on me and say who am I Y Then he looked at me and his jaw fell. 'Either yon are Mopo my father grown old— Mopo, who Is dead, or the Ghost of Mopo,' he answered in a low voice. < I am Mopo. your father, Umslopo gaas,' T said. 'Yon have /been long in knowing me, who knew yon from the fitBt' . Then Umslopogaas cried aloud, bnt yet softly, and, letting fall the axe Groan- Maker, he flung himself npon my breast and wept there. And I wept also. ' Oh ! my father;' he said, ' I thought that yon were dead with the others, and now yon have come back to me, and I, I wonld have lifted the axe against yon in iny folly. Oh, It is well that"! have lived, and not died, since once more I look npon your face — the face that I thought dead, bnt which yet lives, thongh It be sorely changed, as thongh by grief and years.' 'Peace, Umslopogaas, my son,' I said. ' I also deemed yon dead in the lion's month, thongh in truth it seemed strange to me that any other man than Umslo pogaas could have wrought the deeds which I have heard of as done by Bnlalio; Chief of the People of the Axe — ay, and thrown defiance in the teeth of Chaka. ' But yon are not dead, and I, I am not dead. It was another Mopo whom Chaka killed ; I slew Chaka, Chaka did not slay me.' _ ' And of Nada, what of Nada, my sister P he said. ' Macropha, yonr mother, and Nada, yonr sister, are dead, Umslopogaas. They are dead at the hands' of the people of the Halakazi, .who dwell in Swaziland.' ' I have heard of that people,' he answered presently, 'and so haB Galazi the Wolf, yonder. He haB a hate to satisfy against them — they murdered his father ; now, I have two, for they have murdered my mother and my sister. Ah, Nada, my sister ; Nada, my sister !' and the great man covered his face with Ids hands, and rocked himself to and fro in his grief. . Now, my father, it came into my thoughts to make the troth plain to Umslopogaas, and tell him that Nada was no sister of hiB, and that he was no son of mine, bnt rather of that Chaka whom my hand had finished. And yet I did not, thongh now I wonld that I had done so. For I saw well how great was the pride and how high was the heart of Umslopogaas, and I saw also that if once he shonld learn that tbe throne of Znlnlaod was his by right, nothing conld hold him back, for be wonld swiftly break into open rebellion against Dingaan the king, and in my judgment the time was not ripe for that. Had I known, indeed, bnt one short year before that Umslopogaas still lived, he had eat where Dingaan sat this day ; bnt I did -not know it, and the chance had gone by for a while. Now Dingaan was king and mustered many regiments rouod him, for I had held him back from war, as in the case of the raid that he wonld have made npon the Swazis. The chance had gone by, bnt it would come again, and till it came I would say nothing. I wonld do this rather, I wonld bring Dingaan and Umslopogaas to gether, that Umslopogaas might become known in the land as a great chief and the first of warriors. Then I wonld cause him to be advanced to be an in- dona, and a general to lead the impis of the king, for he who leads the impiB is already half a king. So I held my peace npon this matter, bnt till the dawn was grey Umslopogaas and I sat together and talked, each tell ing the tale of years that had gone since he was borne from me in the lion's moutb. I told him how all my wives and child ren had been killed, how I had been pat to the torment, and showed him my white and withered hand. I told him also of the death of Baleka, my sister, and of all my people of tbe Laugeni, and of how I had revenged my wrongs npon Chaka, and made Dingaan to be king in his place, and was now the first man in the land nnder the king, though the king feared me mnch aDd loved me little. Bnt I did not tell him that Baleka, my sister was his own mother. When I had done my tale, Umelopo- gaas told me his : how Galazi had rescued him fromthe lioness ; how he had become one of the Wolf-Brethren ; how he had conquered Jikiza and the sons of Jikizi, and become chief of the People of the Axe, and taken Zinita to wife, and grown great in the land. I asked him how it came abont that he atill hnnted with the wolves as he had done last night. He answered that now he was great and there was nothing more to win, and at times a weariness of life came opon him, and then he mnst np, and together with Galazi hnnt and harry with the wolvee, for thus only conld he find rest. I said that I wonld show him better game to hnnt before all was done, and asked him farther if be loved his wife, Zinita. Umslonoeaas answered that he would love her better if ehe loved him not so mnch, for she was jealous and quick to anger, and that was a sorrow to him. Then, when he had slept awhile, he led me from the bnt, and I and my people were feasted with the best, and I spoke with Zinita and with Galazi the Wolf. For the last, I liked him . welL This was a good man to have at one's back in battle; bat my heart epoke to me against Zinita. She was handsome and talljbnt with fierce eyes which always watched Umslopogaas, my fosterling; and I noted that he who was fearless of all other things yet seemed to fear Zinita. Neither did she love me, for when she saw how the Slanghterer clnng to me, as it were, instantly she grew jealons — as already she was jealons of Galazi — and wonld have been rid of me if she might. Thns it came abont that my heart spoke against Zinita ; nor did it tell me worse things of her than those which she was to do. CHAPTER XXIV. THE SLAYING OF THE BOERS. On the morrow I led Umslopogaes apart, and spoke to him thos — 'My son, yesterday, when yon did not know me except as the Month of Din gaan, yon charged me with a certain message for Dingaan the king, that, had it been delivered into the ears of the long, bad surely brought death npon yon and all yonr people. The tree chat stands by itself on a plain, Umslopogaas, thinks Itself tall and that there is no shade to equal its shade. Yetaro there other and bigger trees. Yon are such a tree, Umelopogaas, bnt the topmost branches of Urn whom I serve arethicker than yonr trunk,and beneath his shadow live many woodcutters, who go ont to lop snch as wonld grow too high. Yon are no match for Dingaan, thongh dweU- . log .here alone in an empty land, yon have grown great in yonr own eyas and the eyes of three abont yon. , Moreover, Umslopogaas, know this : Dingaan already hates yon because of the words which In bygone years yon sent by Masilo the fool to the Black One who ia dead, for he heard those words, and it la his will to eat yon np. He haa sent me hither for one reason only, to be rid of me awhile, and, whatever the words I bring back to him, the end will be the eame— the night shall come when yon will find an impi at yonr gates.' 'Then what need to talk more of the matter, my father?' asked Umelopogaas, ' That will come which most come. Let me wait hero for the impi of Dingaan, and fight till I die.' 'Not eo, Umslopogaas, my son ; there are more ways of killing a man than by the assegai, and a crooked stick can still be bent straight in the stream. This is my desire, Umslopogaas: that instead of hate Dingaan ahonld give yon love ; Instead of death, advancement ; that yon shall grow great In hie shadow. Listen ! Dingaan is not what Chaka was, thongh, like Chaka, he is cruel. This Dingaan is a fool, and it may well come about that a man can be fonnd who, growing np in his shadow, in the end shall over shadow him. I might do it — I myself; bnt I am old, and, being worn with sor row, have no longing to rale. Bat yon are yoang, Umslopogaas, and there is no man like yon in the land. Moreover, there are other matters of which it is not well to speak, that shall serve yon as a raft whereon to swim to victory.' Now Umslopogaas glanced np sharply, for in those days he was ambitions, and desired to be first among the people. indeed, naving tbe blood of Chaka m his veins, how conld it be otherwise ? ' What in yonr plan, my father T he asked. ' Say how can this be bronght aborit f ' This and thns, Umslopogaas. Among the tribe of the Halakazi ia Swaziland there dwells a maid who is named the Lily. She is a girl of the most wonder ful beanty, and Dingaan ia afire with longing to have her to wife Now, awhile since Dingaan dispatched an embassy to the chief of the Halakazi asking the Lily in marriage, and the chief of the Halakazi sent back insolent words, say ing that the Beanty of the Earth shonld be given in marriage to no Zola dog. Then Dingaan was wroth, and he would have gathered his impis and sent them against the Halakazi to destroy them, and bring him the maid, but I held him back from it, saying that now was no time to begin a new war ; and it is for this eauae that Diogaan hates me, he is so set upon the plucking of the Swazi Lily. Do you understand now, Umslo pogaas ?' 'Something,' he answered. 'Bnt speak clearly.' ' Wow, Umslopogaas 1 Half words are better than whole ones in this land of oars. Listen, then ! This is my plan : that you shall fall upon the Halakazi tribe, "destroy it, and bring back the maid as a peace-offering to Dingaan.' ' That is a good plan, my father,' he answered. ' At the leaBt, maid or no maid, there will be fighting in it, and cattle to divide when the fighting is done.' ' First conquer, then reckon np the spoils, Umslopogaas.' Now he thought awhile, then said, ' Suffer that I summon Galazi the Wolf, my captain. Do not fear, he is trusty and a man of few words.' Presently Galazi came and sat down before us. Then I put the matter to him thns : that Umslopogaas wonld fall npon the Halakazi and bring to Dingaan the maid he longed for as a peace-offering, but that I wished to hold him back from the venture because the Halakazi people were great and strong. I spoke in this sense eo that I might have a door to creep out shonld Galazi betray tbe plot ; and Umslopogaas read my purpose, tbongh my craft was need less, for Galazi was a true man. Galazi tbe Wolf listened ia silence till I had finished, then he answered quietly, but it seemed to me that a fire shone in his eyes as he spoke — ' I am chief by right of the Halakazi, O Month of Dingaan, and know them well. They are a stroDg people, and can pat two fall regiments nnder arms, whereas Bnlalio here can master bat one regiment, and that a small one. Moreover they have watchmen ont by night and day, and spies scattered through the land, so that it will be bard to take them noawares ; also their stronghold is a vast cave open to the aky in the middle, and none have won that stronghold yet, nor conld it be found except by those who knew its ocuctt jlucjr aac anw| juv j. nan wua. of them, for my father showed it to me when I was a lad. Therefore, Month of Dingaan, yon will know that this is no easy task which Balalio would set himBelf and us — t') conquer the Halakazi. That is tbe face of the matter so far as it concerns Bulalio, bnt for me, O Mouth, it has another face. Ruow that, long years ago, I swore to my father as he lay dying by tbe poison of a witch of this people that I wonld not rest till I had avenged him — ay, till I had stamped ont the Halakazi, and elain their men, and bronght their women to the houses of strangers and their children to bonds ! Year by year and month by month, and night by night, as I have lain alone upon the Ghost Monntain yonder, I have wondered how I might bring my oath to pass,and fonnd no way. Now it seems that there is a way, and I am glad. Yet this is a great adventure, aod perchance before it is done with the People of the Axe will be no more.' And he ceased and took snnfij watching our faces over the spoon. ' Galazi the Wolf,' said Umslopogaas, ' for me also the matter has another face. Yon have lost yonr father at the hand of these Halakazi dogs, and, thongh till last night I did not know it, I have lost my mother by their spears, and with her one whom I loved above all in the world, my sister Nada, who loved me also. Both are dead and the Halakazi have killed them. This man, the month of Dingaan,' and he pointed to me, Mopo, ' this man says that if I can stamp out the Halakazi and make captive of tbe Lily maid, I shall win the heart of Dingaan. Little do I care for Dingaan, I who wonld go my way alone, and live while I may live, and die when I mnst,by the hands of Dingaan as by those of another — what does It matter I Yet, for this reason, because of the death ol Macropha, my mother, and Nada, the sister who was dear to me, I will make war npon these Halakazi and conqner them, or be conquered by them. Perhaps, O Month of Dingaan, yon will see me soon at the king's kraal on tbe Mahalabatine, and with me the Lily maid and the cattle of tbe Halakazi ; or perhaps yon shall not see me, and then yon will know that I am dead, and the Warriors of the Axe are no more.' So Umslopogaas epoke to me before Galazi the Wolf, bnt afterwards he embraced me and bade me farewell, for he had no great hope that he shonld meet again. And I also doubted it ; for, as Galazi had said, the adven ture was great ; yet, as I had seen many timee,it is the bold thrower who oftenest wins. So we parted — I to retnrn to Dingaan and tell him that Balalio, Cluef of the People of the Axe, had gone up against the Halakari to win the Lily maid and bring her to him in atonement; while Umelopogaas remained to make ready his impi for war. I went swiftly from the Ghost Monn tain back to the kraal Umgagnndhlovn, and presented myBelf before Dingaan, who at the first looked on me coldly. Bnt when I told Mm my message, and bow that the Chief Balalio the Slaught erer had taken the war-path to win him the Lily, his manner changed. He took me by the band and said that I had done well, and he had been foolish to donbt me when I had lifted np my voice to persuade him from sending an impi against the Halakazi Now he saw that it was my purpose to rake this Halakazi fire with another hand than his, and to save his hand from the burning, and he thanked me. I Moreover, he said, that if this Chief of the People of the Axe bronght him the maid his heartdesired,not only wonld he forgive him the words he had spoken by the month of Masilo to tbe Black One who was dead, bnt also all the cattle of the Halakazi should be his, and he would make him great in the land. I answered that alt this was as the king willed. I had bnt done my duty by the king and worked so that, whatever befell, a proud chief should be weakened and a foe should be attacked at no cost to the king, ia such fashion also that perhaps it might come abont that the king wonld shortly have the Lily at his side. Then I sat down to wait what might befall. (To be continued.) 