DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. i " I would give a million dollars for a sto mach,"said a wealthy American recently. 1 Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a A .. ... Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, bnt he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing be hadn't got. Here is bis story, aod be shall tell in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say ; Dp to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I had dread ful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would Gil with water and. slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I bad a racking poiipb. an d-wnuld -congh-.-wd strain till f bled at the nose, ana the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and bad to call the doctor,and was in bed 5 or 6 weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little bet ter. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Ab bey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said no thing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grouuds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on lilie this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, some times as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites af my eyes turned yellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I ■ often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, aod the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, he said I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are dis eased. I then gave over taking bis medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough <cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, 'Well, you. won't couch much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Taiham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, * Tom did you ever try Mo ther Seigel's Syrup V and told me how he had been cured after being in the hos pital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Vic toria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. I fell asleep felt rested and when 1 awoke. Taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go for -a Aiort-pitik. By the end of a fort night I went to see my master, who asked what bad wrought the improvement, and I told him. as I tell every one, that Mo ther Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. "Of coarse my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was stroDg as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving bis consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gas kin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Jveetley, Head gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now what was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not galloping con sumption, certainly (one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his gravein less than three months, in stead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consump tion, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken aud wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the diseases yielded, as all dis eases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificient preparation. We heart ily congratulate Mr, Gaskin on his re covery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 