SAVED BY SHADOWS. BEING THE ADVENTURKS OF A MAN, A BOY. AND AN ASS WITH A TRAVELLING SHOW IN NEW SOUTH WALES AND CHAPTER III.—{Concluded.) QUEENSLAND. BR SMTP BOULAISE, Author ot "Tbe Night IWickers ot Moonlight Flat," "Tales of the Bush," • The Mysteries of Melbourne," " Yackaudandah Station," &c.;, <FCC. So the next day we started in our donkeycart lor Ipswich, a town twenty-five miles disiaiif, J^ART O: our WAY lying through a forest), WLINO LUI- blossoms of great choanut-trees peilumtd the air, and the Moretoa Bay fig tree drooped with luscious fruit, all intermingled with glossy-leaved bananas and their golden clusters of pods, while rose-coloured KX&atooi; and many-huod paroquets flitted fron. bowh to bough, and butterflies, as large as bats, and of a my riad glittering tints, perohed on the GREAT tropical flowers thathung in chains and fee toons, making the air heavy with FRA grapce from the tree branches. JUST M gorgeous in their colouring, too, were the snakes that sometimes crossed our path, or raised their beads above the flowers to kiss a us as we passed by, and occasionally we would catch sight of A bright green lizard, almost as |arge AS A baby alligator, basking and glisten ing in the sun, and, seemingly, sound asleep. We bad left Brisbane about twelve miles behind, and got into a less thickly timbered country, when we heard a variety of shouts AND cries ahead of us, and, on rounding the spar of some rising ground, suddenly caught sight of A couyle of the Queensland Mounted Police pursuing about half a dozen naked aboriginals. Another minute and they bad come up with them, shot down a couple with their revolvers, ridden over and dispersed the rett, and were prancing and curvetting alongside of us, asking laughingly if we bad any liquor or tobaoco to spare. " What did you shoct those two blackfellows for?" demanded Mortimer. "Oh, some of their tribe speared a white shepherd up at the Ten-mile Creek last week, and so we've just obeyed orders and pay 'em out for it," responded one jauntily. "And why did they spear the white shepherd V persisted Mortimer. " Because he peppered some of the black rascals with swansbot for prowling about bis but luoking out for what they could steal, "said the other trooper. " Did they steal anything 1" " Not that I know of, mate," was the reply. "And.have you just killed the same blackfellows who epcared him ?" " I'm sure 1 don't know. We think they belonged to the same tribe, and that's quite enough for us. The niggers are all so much alike that there's no telling t'other froir which, as the saying is, so for every white man they kill or wound we sboot two of them, and then WE consider the debt's wiped out. That's Queensland justice, my good friend."* The trooper spoke half jestingly and half sneeringly, and his companion immediately added— "And as it's dry work arguing a point, now for the beer and baccy." " I'd sooner see you banged for murder than I'd give you cither," retorted Mortimer, who, though a rogue in his own way, WAS anything bat a cruel or hard-hearted one. " I call you cold-blooded butchers—yes, that's what I call yon." " As for that, mate, we obey orders, as I said before, and I can show you a Christian Magistrate's warrant for what we've just done; a gentleman who goes to Church every Sunday, and wouldn't trample on A worm, that's to say if it wasn't a black one. Well, be mean if you like, and go your WAY ; and here's A bit of uuasked-for advice that you'd better lay to heart: Give the natives a wide berth yourselves after this, for I don't want the job of avenging such a mean ens*, I'm sure, and they will be sure to spear or waddy you after WH&T; e JUST HAPPENED it you give 'em naif a chance." And so saying, the two troopers galloped off, leaving us to our reflections, which weren't veiy agreeable oneB, 6ince the country we were traversing WAS very sparsely settled, and we had not a weapon of any kind with us. Far all that, however, we reached Ipswich, a etragglicgly built, and quite new place, in safety, and performed there for five nights to fair houses. Then we started on again for Rockhampton, a very much longer journey, and one that would take us several days to perform, accompanied B^ the disagreeable necessity of, for one or two nights, camping ont in tbe bush, owing to townships, and even single houses, being so far apart. WE dared not go back, however, aa it would have been starving work to have revisited townB and oities that had already wearied of us; so we shut our eyes to possible dangers and disagreeables, and pressed on. Three miles north of Ipswich we said goodbye to pineapple and tobacco fields, but soon found that guavas and wild gooseberries and raspberries, as well as a species of custardapple, grew wild in tho now really tropioal forests, and were delicious eating, though great bloated spiders, with hairy legs, and bodies as large as penny pieces, centipedes six or eight inches long, large red ants that would snap at your fingers viciously, give them but a chance, and snakes, all more or less deadly, had to be braved whilst in search of these dainties. As for the heat, it was something terrific, necessitating a rest during the middle of the day, when we would take the donkey out of the cart, fetter his forelegs with a species of handcuffs called hobbles, so that he could not wander far whilst grazing, and then lighting a fire, we would boil some tea over it in A tin saucepan, yclept a billy, make a damper cake of flour and water, and bake it in the ashes, and after enjoying a good meal (for hunger is a capital sauce) would lie down and go to sleep, and perhaps not start again until nearly evening; for we preferred travelling on under the brilliant starlight, not only because it was so cool and pleasant, but also by REASON that tbe natives, as a rule, fear to leave their camp fires of a night, through believing that AU kinds of evil spirits are about. " And we are now journeying over the very country WHERE James Moril WANDERED as a wild man for so many years, never thinking that he should see a white face again; and fifty yearsago lie'd have had to have travelled a goodmany hundred miles before he'd have had the slightest chanceoi beholdingone. By Jove! how the black natives would stare at an exhibition of our magic lantern. They'd call us ghostmakers, I expect, for they believe in ghosts, I'm told, and they've an odd notion that white men are their own dead come to life again, which is why they never ill-treated us before we began to use them so shamefully," Mortimer said on one occasion. " In what way have we used them shamefully V I asked him. " Why, we've shot all the animals, great and small, that God gave 'em to live on, and in nine cases out of ten only just for wanton sport, but when the poor half-famished creatures appropriate one of the white squatters' many thousands of sheep in turn, he calls that thieving, and tbe shepherds pepper them with small shot for even looking at them with hungry eyes. Then, when they retaliate on tbe shepherd, the mounted police are sent after them, and hunt them down like wild beasts, as we have seen. Now, I am not a bloody or a revengeful man, but if I was an Australian blaokfellow, Z think. I'd try and kill every white man that I came across, the Christian savages!" "I hope they won't turn yonr way of thinking until we are out of the country, at any rate," I responded, with A shudder; though little thinking at the moment how much cause I had for the fervent wish. * As it was regularly meted ont up to 1869. 