THE 1MRGLAK BAFFLKD. /IJVU. UAI,U0HAN was busily engaged * 'J in nn inspection of sllver-w.irti that teemed lo Intoicsb him exceedingly. He oxiiiiiincii cuuh nrtlnle' carefully, often stopping loii£ enough to test the particular object with' his teeth, or oven to bend it. Ab tho same thnn, Ids actions were, quiet and, ono might suy, reserved. Ho did not uppcur to euro to bo noticed. ? Ho was a rather tall young fellow, 'care- lossly dressed,' as they say in novels, nnd had a palo face, like a student's. Ono might, iuilted, have thought him a pour studont, were it nob for his eyes, which, instead of looking tired and dreamy, liko a student1!, were exceedingly active and rest less. On tlio whole, his face mid his general appearance were not prejioHsesslng. Indeed, tho policeman on tho beat most frequented by Mr. Cullaguan in social lire roported him at tlio preclnct-houso as '? general tough— suspicious.' Mr. Callaghan; though very young, had already learned the value of exceeding cau tion. Honco hi was almost novelets, and he inspected the silvcr-wuro in the very mild light of a half-opencd dark lantern. A happy smile played around the corners of his face thu while, for the silver- ware ho was examining proved to be of the line.it and newest, and boro tho monogram of a famous Now York family, For that matter, the entire surroundings of Mr. Callaghan at the timo were of tho richest. The very side, board at which he laboured was worth a it inn 11 foilunCt hiiu the cut jjIom upon : Icjkeil very beautiful in tho mellow light. There were rich tints in some of the glass ware, occasioned by their contents ; but Mr. Calliighan did not stop to cxamino them. Ho did not bellevn in drinking dm ing busi him hours. The timo was something aftor midnight. Mr.Callnglmnwas aroused from hi* pre occupation by n faint click. It sounded very much like the click of a trigger us a revolver is cocked. It was a trille startling, but he did not lose his presence of mind. He faced around liko n llufti, and turned ofT tho rays nf his dark lantern. H« knew it was almost ui-ele-s to tiiko the latter precaution, however, for lie was well informed, and he knew that in the house of tha rich of today it required but the lltessSug uf a button to turn ou a full stream of electric lights Ihroughuut un entire Hoor. Tin sudden hurxtof the light came, juyl m he expected it would, and us it did bo he heard a voice say: ' Don't dare to move.' Ho whs moro stnrtled by tho voice than he was by tho sudden cIiiih uf the electric, lights, for it was the voico of a young girl. Mr. Culhighau blinked a few time;, look s good look, and then his thin face broadened a triliu into a smile. At the utber end of tho room stood a very palo but resolute girl in a pink wrapper. She held a little gold mounted revolver of a calibre so small that Mr. Culhwliau. but for his natural iwliteneM, would have Inughed nt it outright, and she wnabiliiigher lip, for cho wn» apparently verv immi on... 'llio revolver was pointed ill Mr.' L'ullu'lmn'* direction, but, alas! the hand that held it was shaking perceptibly. Callaghnn grinned. ' Isn't It rather late for you to be out!' he u-k«l her. know precisely what tn do. Papa loid me before be went away. I am going to noiuiit the burgluralurm, and have you aireitcd. Then you will be -cut to State prison.' ' Well,' almost laughed Mr. Callnglian, '- why don't you ilo it! I'm waiting.' 'Because,' she answered, hesitatingly— ' bccauie you 're standing in front nf it.' 'Oh, am I!' answered Cullmjtmn. ' Then I'll move away. I uhvay- like to be polite to ladies.' Ho moved away a few steps. She frowned a little bit. Then she said : ' Excuse me, will you plcnte move a little further away!' 'Certainly,' ho answered. 'Anything to oblige a rcnl lady.' She i-iepped towards tho alarm, which Callughan had not until then perceived, and stretched forth her hand. She wan about lo turn the little handle, when Calluzhan said, hastily : ' Hold on a minute. Do you think that would be a nice thing to dn!' ' Of course it wouul,' she answered. 'Just think about it a moment,' Calls ghan continued. 'If you do that, I'll be arrested, nnd sent up for lidecn or twenty years. Fifteen or twenty years in a little cell all by myself, with nn nne to talk to nnJ nothing to do— except break stono for my health. Now, I don't caro anything about myfclf. Of course I haven't done you any wrong. I haven't got away with the silver, and therefore there isn't any wrong done you— is thore! I tried to, but you havo got tho best of me, und you'ro an awfully brave little girl to do it, too. But just think of yourself during the next fifteen or twenty years, if you have mo sent up. Every day you'll be thinking about the poor fellow who's doing time becauso you made him, and every night you'll be lying, awake crying because you made him sutler so much for such a little thing, and every time the minister in your church says anything about forgiving your enemies you'll be thinking ho means you, She broke in : ' I think I'll let you go '-the oid It very earnestly. Callaghan luugheil aloud. 'That's light,' he said. 'I knew you would, for I knew you were a lady the minute 1 saw you. I didn't mean what I said. Probably in u month you'd forget all about me. No one remembers a fellow who's doing time but the police and tho detectives. I was just trying an experiment. Do you think I was afraid you'd cull the polico! Nnuxeuxi! Dn ynu think 1 wn» afraid of your littlo revolver! Xnn-enie ! l'vo been flint twice by mil revolver*. II you had tried tn send the burglar-nlium dn you know what I'd have duno! I'd havo mudo n quick jump for yuu, und W have had niv bunds about ynur throat, befon, you could 'have winked. If you hud tired the revolver, you would have inbsed me. Cirls can't shoot.' He said thix lasb almost contemptuously ; but hiMvan -orry a moment. uftenv.itiU. tor ho noticed tlmt *lie wns growing very white, and very frightened, too. Nevertheless, ho continued : 'And nftci- I'd not, my baud, about your neck, and you cuuldu'b scream or struggle or shoot, what do you suppose I'd havo She did not roplv. Sim could nut ;pcak. She was trembling violently. 'I'd have- I'd have '-he «»? embarrassed, nml he actually bIu«hed- Cal!aghali bluahed — ' I'd huvo kiwed you,' he iold, with an effort, 'nnd then I'd' have gone a way. But you needn't look frightened any lou)-cr. I aln'6 going to hurt ynu, and I ain't gnin' to 'S you ; for i-ome day yuu d tie aiHtunietl (il it, und you'd be nshumcil tn tell your sweot licarb that Kooky Cnllaglian kissed you. And I ain't ajjoing to take anything tlmt belo.ir.-s to this linu'C, although I could riuht before your eye*. I'm just a-going peaceably He storied to walk towards tho winnow by which hu had entered. As he did so, how. ever, ho looked ut her ci 'iticully,atop|wd, and ' Vou're jroinjj lo liolti nut jtt^t. nnnttt until I'm goiio : then you me going tn fnint. I ain't Icavo you here alonu in a luint. I'll | He walked ilolilnmlelv to the sldebeai*! Mill ponied nut a glass of wine. 'Hero,' mid lm, 'drink this, and then en upstairs tn bed as qniok as ynu can. I'll look thr, wtndnw ulter I go nut.' She took the wino with a frlghtencl 'Thank you,' and drank It. Mr. CallngliBii turned to leave. 'That brings the red bank in ynur chcekn,' ho said. ' It's a good thing when not taken during business hours. Now I am going, butl want you to remember that I'm not afraid of tho burglur-ularm or the uiiio revolver, i m nob gom* to rob vou iecuuso-becau.0 you ure so brave, and tacuiiMi vim me mi protty. 1 sort of hate tu makn a fuihiro of u job, mid I guena the boy« will guv me a bit for it. t but you aie too pretty.1' Savin' which, Mr. G'ullaghan cliinbr-' nimbly tUnghthe window unndliuppeaicC -Harper', »'««;/. ' MANA0ING A BABV. All the Michigan Central train wns com ing to Dotroit ono dny lust week tluro wan a baby on board that cried for two itruight, hours. It was not a m-y of teething or colic, but just Iho whining squall of an infant vixen tlmt wasn't going to be suited any how. The iiassengers on that car could nclthrr sleep uur ifiul, mid at, hint, u reil- fuu.il ,,W gentleman turned to thn mother nnd said : 'Madam, If you would stop trotting iho life out uf tlmt young 'n It would let up ?creaming.' ' I giKfy I know more about babies limn you do,' -impi,ed the mother. ' Well, ull l'v« gut to suy is, l'vo raised eight, nnd the whole caboodlo of them never mudo an much noise us that one,' hit retorted. ' Perhaps yon would like to Uy ynur hand on thin one. If you can stop iilin it's ' Oive ' him 'to°me, madam, and in ten minutes ho'll ho as quiet a* a lamb. I've seen worse children inuiiy a time.' Ho winked ab tho other luiHrcugers us ha reached nut his hand* fur the Iraby. 'Tnolsey-woolfey turn,' he urged, tin it the Infant opened one oye lo look at him, while it stiffened liko a poker, and roaied louder tliali ever. ' If ynu will step Into the next car no that It won't tm you,' sulrl the obliging traveller, ' I can hush him sooner. He'll be all right, ma'am, don't you worry.' ' I won't,'suid the woman thankfully, as sho resigned the squuller nnd disappeared into the next car. ' ir-u-K li-li, Mop now, little fellow ; ride n cock hnrso tu Banbtiry cross, there was an old woman ?h-sh-eh— let go of my hair, you littlo wretch I' The babv had tangled 111 fingers In the chin vvhl.kcM of its new friend, and was pulling them out by the loots. 'Stop that noise,' howled the pusaengers ill chorus, ' or give that kid back to its He would have been very glad to have acceded tu cither of these requests, bub the mother was gone, and tho baby wus increasing its music every minute. ' Wulky- wulky, pet!'' he asked In a voice like n calliope; 'hush, my dear, lie still and —murder ! Won't somebody go ufter its mother!' But nobody would stir. They nil wauled to sec him manage that baby. When tho conductor cilled 'Detroit' and tho train slowed into the de]iot, a wild eyed man, coatlcss and dishevelled, wus tearing from one end of the train tn the other, while tlio baby screamed over his shoulder. ' I'll lake him now,' suld a mild voice, anil as its mutber appeared, tlmt child Hopped howlim..; a ctallbie smile dimpled its face, and it looked as if it hud never shed a tear in it* lire. But its volunteer nurse wut a complete wreck. KILLING THE BARBER. Drrrr.ntT bus a burlier who if tnlking hart never existed would have invented it, and still ho is an nxcellent burber with a good patronage. Since last Tuesday evening, of gloom and disappointment, and some of his friends think he I. contemplating suicide. At seven o'clock of the evening mentioned a man evidently from Chicago camo in, and removing his external integuments took a chair. 'Shave, sir!' inquired the barber, get ting his implements ready. ' Certainly,' responded llio customer, fixing himself comfortably. ' I haven't been shaved for three days owing to the fact tliat several days ago, in resiionse tn an invitation from a man whom I know only slightly, having met him but onco or twice during his trips to Chicago on business in which we were both interested, I went over here Into a back county of Canada about fifty miles from any railroad station, in a section of country wheie there weren't any razors except those the hogs wore on their backs, and I haven't been able to slide my chin against anything sharper than a Can adian zephyr twenty degrees below the ice notch, and tho consequence has been that I have hud n growth of bristles that I think if my wife should run hor face against on my roturn to my native villauo would give her such a shock that she wouldn t lot mo come near her ugain for the next six months, or at least until 1 had promised her faithfully that I never would let myself get into such a condition again, even if 1 went into bhs wild- of Africa, where I suppose a man's whiskers in llio luxuriant climate of thai latitude would grow to such a thicket of hirsute stubbin:«s that there wouldn't bs any way of cutting them, unless he imported a double strength reaper und mower witli reinforced knives in order that there might not be any mistakes in the accom plishment, of the job for which it had never been designed bub for which, thanks to ths excellence nf American manufacturers, it would readily adapt itself In an emergency of this kind, provided it were In the hands of a competent and efficient person who knew exactly its capabilities and was conveisant with the proper methods of its application to— Vou ala't though, are you ! I don't want any shampoo, haircut, or anything else. How much ! Fifteen cents ! Here's your money.' and alappingon his coat and hat hs bounced out without giving the barber a ON'CK WAS ENOUfJH. A vokm; gentleman who lately left hi- homo in Kiiu-lmid, having exhausted his credit, telegraphed tn his parent* : ' Voin von was killed IhU murning by a fnlliug ihlmimy. What shall we do with tlinieuinin-!' In reply a clinqno wa« «enb for £l'O, with tho. request, 'bury them.' Tho younjf gentleman pocketed thn money am) hnu an elaliniati! nprci.-. When In a condition for writing he »eut his father the following nolo: ' I bnvo just learned that an inf.unnus scoui.tliel named Barker sent you a llctitfnus account, of my ih'alii, and swindled you out of £20. He al.-o bor rowed ill! of me and left, the country. I write to inform you that I urn still alive, and long In nee thn parental roof stum**, tlio uixumulutioni nt the hut live years having been ln»t-a disuMrnus slock operatiun-andifyou would only spare mo JL'JO 1 would be ever thunkfiil for your favour. ! Glvo my love to all,' I A lew days later thn young man received the following dignilied letter from his out ! raged parent : 'MyllearSon.-I have burled you once r.ml tliat i- the end of it. I decline tn have any transaction with a ghost. Yours In the flesh, F.lTllKlt.' Too Expntsivi!.— Tack ; 'Edith, will yo» hnvom-i! Thn heiiws : 'Thanks, Jack-I can't afluitl you.' The ,l.ip:m.-e huvc astonished the Yankee: by applying for no lets than 124,000 squuri! itcct oi space at the Chicago Exhibition, 