CAPT'N DAVY'S HONEY MOON. BY HALL CAIN?. Author of " Tho Deemster," "The Bond man" and " The Scapegoat." CHAPTER I. My money, ma am — my money, not me. "So you say, sir." " It's my money you've been marrying, ma'am." " May be so, 3ir." " Deny it, deny it !" r» ii jr auuaiu x . xuu sujr tb »u, tuiu aw be it." " Then d the money. It took me more till 10 years to make it, and middling hard work at that; but yon go bail it'll take me les3 nor 10 months to spend it. Ay, or 10 weeks, and aisy doing, too ! And 'till it's gone, Mistress Quiggin — d'ye hear me—gone, every mortal penny of it gone, pitched into the sea, scattered to smithereens, blown to ould Harry, and dang lain — I'll lave ye, ma'am, I'll lave yc ; and sink or switn I'll darken your doors no more." The lady and gentleman who blazed at each other with these burning words, which were pointed, aud driven home by flashing eyes and quivering lips, were ncwly-niarried husband and wife. 1 bey were staying at the old Custlc Mona, in Douglas, Isle of Man, and their honeymoon had not yet finished its second quarter. The gentleman was Captain Davy Quiggin, commonly called Capt'u Davy, a typical Manx sea-dog, 30 years of age, stal wart, stout, shaggy, Justy-lunged, with the tongue of a trooper, the heavy manners of a bear, the stubborn head of a stupid donkey, and the big, soft heart of the baby of a girl. The lady was Ellen Kinvig, known of old to all and sundry as Nelly, Ness or Nell, but now to everybody concerned us Mistress C'apt'n Davy Quiggin, six-aud-twenty years of age, tall, comely, as blooming us the gorse, once as free as the air, and as racy of the soil as new-cut peat, but suddenly grown stately, smooth, refined, proud and reserved. They loved each other to the point of idolatry ; and yet they parted 10 days after marriage with these words of wrath nnd madness. .Something had come between them. What was it? Another man? No. Another woman? Still no. What then? A ghost, an intangible, almost an invisible but very real and divorce- making co-respondent. They call it Education. Davy Quiggin was born in a mud house on the shore, near the old church at Ballaugh. The house had one room only, and it had been the liviugrouin, slecpingroom, birth- room, and deathroom of a family of six. Davj, who was the youngest, saw thorn all out. Th® last to go were his mother and his grandfather. They lay ill at the same time, and died on the one day. The old man diou first, and Davy fixed up a herring net in front of him, where he lay on the settle by the fire, so that his mother might not see him from her place on the bed. Nob long after that Davy, who was 15 years of age, went to live as farm lad with Kinvig, of Ballavollcy. Kinvig was a solemn person, very stiff' and starchy, and sententious in his way, a mighty man among the Methodists, and a power in the pulpit. He thought he had done an act of charity when he took Davy into his home, and Itavv repaid him m due time by falling iu love with Nelly, his daughter. When that happened Davy never quite knew. "That's the way of it" he used to say. "A girl slips in and tnerc ye arc." Davy carnc home late from the club meeting on tho street and rapped at tlic kitchen win dow. That was the signal of the home circle that some member of it was waiting at the door. Now there are ways and ways of rap ping at a kitchen window. There is tho pit a-pat of a light heart and the thud-thud of a heavy one, and there is the sharp crack- crack of haste and the dithering que-we-we of fear. Davy had % rap of his own, and Nelly knew it. There was a sort of a trip and dance and a ruxn-tuin-tum in Davy's raj) that always made Nelly's heart and feet leap up at the same instant. But ou this unlucky night it was Nellie's mother who heard it and opcued the door. What happened then was like the dismal sneck of the outside gate to Davy for 10 years thereafter. The porch was 'dark, and so was tho little square lobby behind the door. On numerous other nights that had been an advantage in Davy's eyes, but on this occasion he thought it a snare of the evil one. Seeing something white in a petticoat he threw his arms about it and kissed and hugged it madly. It struck him. at the time as strange that the arms he held did not clout him under the chin, and that the lips he smothered did not catcli breath enough to call him a gawbie and whisper that the old people inside were listening. The truth dawned on him iu a moment, and then he felt like a man with an eel crawling down his back, and he wanted nothing else for supper. It was summer time, and Davy, though a most accomplished sleeper, found no diffi culty in wakening himself with the dawn next morning, lie was cutting turf in the dubs of the Ourragli just then, and he had four hours of pastime, with spells of sober meditation between, before he came up to the house for breakfast. Then as he rolled iu at tho porch and stamped the water out of nis long-legged boots be saw at a glance that a thuncicr-cloud was brew ing there. Nelly was busy at the long tabic before the window, laying the bowls of milk and tho deep plates for the porridge. Her print frock was as sweet as the may-blossom, her cheeks were nearly as red as the red rose, and like the rose her head hung down. She did not look at him as lie entered. Neither did Mrs. Kinvig, who was bending over the pot swung from tho hook above the lire, and working the porridge- stick round and round with unwonted energy. But Kin vig himself made up for both ot them. The big mau was shaving before a looking-glass propped up ou the table, and against the Filgrim's Progress" ana "Clark's Com mentaries." His left hand held the point of his nose aside between the tip of hia thumb and first finger, while the otlier swept the razor through a hillock of lather and re vealed ft portion of a mouth twisted three- quarters across ins face. But the moment he saw Davy he dropped the razor, and looked up with as much dignity as a man could get out of a couutcnance half covered with soap. " Come in, sir," said he with a pretence of great deference. " Mawther," he said, twisting to Mrs. Kinvig, "just wipe down a chair for the gentleman." Davy slithered into his seat, "I'm iu for it. " lio thftlU'hL " They're telling me," said Kinvig, "that there is a fortune coming at you. Aw, yes, though, and that you're taking notions on a farmer's girl. Respectable man, too — one of the first that's going, with 60 acres at him aud more. Amazing thick, they're telling me. Kissing behind the door and the like of that ! Tho capers ! It was only yestcsday you cutijo to me with nothing on your back but your father's ould trowis, cut down at the knees." Nelly slipped out-. Her mother inado a noise with the porridge pot. Davy was silent. Kinvig walloped his razor on the strop with terrific vigor, then paused, pointed the handle in Davy's direction, tried to curl up his lip iuto a withering sneer, that was half lost iu tho lather, and said with bitter irony. "My house is too mane for you, sir. You must lave me. It isn't the Isle of Man itself that'll hould tho likes of you." Then Davy found his tongue. "You're right, sir/' said he, leaping to his feet. " It's too poor I am for your daughter, is it ? May be 1 11 be a piece richer some day, and then you'll be a taste eiviller." " Behold ye now," said Ivinvig, "as bould aa a goat I Cut your stick, and quick." "I'm off, sir," said Davy, p.nd then looking round, and remembering that he was being kicked out like a dog, and would see Nelly no more, day by day, the devil took hold of liim, and he began to laugh in Kinvig's ridiculous face. " Goodby, Ould Sukce," he cried. " I lave you to your texes." Aud turning to where Mrs. Kinvig stood with her back to him he cried again, " Goodby, mawther, take care of his ould head. It's swelling so much that liis chapel hat is putting corns on it." That night, with his " chiaa " of clothes on his .shoulders, Davy came downstairs and went out at the porch. There he slipped his burden to the ground, for somebody was waiting to say farewell to him. It was the right petticoat this time, and she was oil, the right side of the door. The stars were shin ing overhead, but two that were better than any in the sky were looking into Davy's face, and they were twinkling iu tears. It was only a moment the parting lasted, but a world of love was got into it. Davy had to do luuiance for the insults lie hud heaped upon Nelly's lather, and in return he got pity for those that had been shovelled upon himself. "Goodby, Nell," he whispered; "there's thistles in everybody's crop. But no matter ! I'll come buck, and then it's married we'll be. My goodness, yes, and tako Ballaery aud have six bases, and ten pigs and a pony. But, Nelly, will ye wait for me?" " J) yc doubt me, Davy ?" " Xo ; but will ye though ?' " Yes." "Then it's all serene," said Davy, and with another hug and a kiss and a lock of brown hair, which was cut ready and tied in blue ribbon, he was gone with his chest into the darkness. Davy nailed in an Irish schooner to the Pacific Coast of South America. There he cut his slick again ami got a berth on a coasting Lleainer trading between Valparaiso and Cailuo. The climate was unhealthy, tlic ports were foul, the government was uncer tain, the dangers were constant aud tho hands Above him dropped off rapiuly. In two years Davy was skipper and in three years more he was sailing a steamer of his own. Then the money began to tumble into bis ehost liko crushed oats out of a Grown shaft. The first hundred pounds ho had saved no sent home to Drumbell's Bank, because be could not trust it out of the Isle of Man. But the hundreds grew to thousands, and the thousands to tons of thousands, and to send all his savings over the sea as he made them began to bo 3I0W work, like supping porridge with a pitchfork. Ho put much of it away in paper rolls at the bottom of his chest in the cabin, and every roll he nut by stood to him for something in the Isle of Mau. " That's a new cowhouse at BaRa- volly." "That's Ballaery." "That's ould Brew's mill at Sulby — he'll be out by this time." All his dreams were of coining home, and sometimes ho wrote letters to Nelly. Tlie writing in them was uncertain, and the spell ing was doubtful, the love was safe enough. And when ho had poured out his heart 111 small "i's" and capital "U's,'' ho always inquired how more material things were faring. " How's the herrings this sayson ; and did the men do well with the innck'rel at Kinsalo ; and is tho cowhouse new thatched, and how's tho chapel going? And is the ould man still playing hang with the texes?" Kinvig heard of Davy's prosperity, and received the news at first in silence, then with satisfaction, and at length with noisy pride. His boy was a bould fellow. " None of yer randy-tandy-tissimee-tea tied to the old mawther's apron-strings about him. He's coming home rich, and lio'll buy half the island over, aud inake a donation of a har- inonia to the chapel, and kick ould Cowley and his fiddle out." (To be continued.) 