RANDOM NOTES. M.L.A. Jttack has at litst dectdetl to fuc delta Norton for libel. Black may nnt be a model raau in cver respect, but he can hardly be ao rile as the puritanical Norton would have the world believe. Jf J.N. has anything? to lose vein: inclin&l; Lo tiiink he'll drop 5t this trip. That roll-squinting as60of which W. Epps is kinp, objected to 4U0 names on the East Sydney roll at the revision court last Tuesday, and managed to pet .r>2 erased. A fcvvpcople tri&l; topctcxtra votes but the " national " ass. didn't oppose them. They didn't ric a shindy when a Mr. Carey, by virtue of his being a shareholder in some money-making racket iu that electorate, begged for just one more butt at the workers voices, neither did they stand on their empty heads and go " clean off " when one Cohen on Alike grounds asked a similar favor. Oh, bo, for yortly Cohen and Carey are of Epps kidney, nnrl that being so the police hod to sec that these names were not put on, while Epps' dear little heart thumped at the rate of 1000 a minute and his eyes were £xed upon the largest mlholc in the fxxlldiug. And they call this the purification of the rolls ; they say, for tliis, sensible people should contribute to Efips screw, and tliey say it is a national movement. We sar it isn't, but tliat its . all humbug. For downright unadulterated cussod- MCH6 commcrnl us to the u national " aha. On the £Srri instant when the last breath of life Is choked out of-thc body of Frederick Bayley Deeming, Victoria will rid the world of the most cold-blooded murderer yet " worked off."1 He slew his vielimB and cemented thero with apparently little oonecm, occupied for several <la-s the houses wherein he had secreted their bodies, and no sooner despatched one lot than he act traps for another. Hovvcrcr, he's had hi, day, and as cirilbation thinks he is indebted to it and that he can only square matters giving up the ghost, he must dangle at end of a rope. TTiis abnormal offspring," as Lylc styled him, sought in more ways than one to make himself famoas, but he had to resort to butchery before be coukl place bis name on the lips of every sky- pllok every devil's servant, And every dodge- between throughout the ciWllsod world. But the the artful woman-charmer is not satisfied with being a unique murderer — he now poses as a poet. He having pouc thus far, wc hereby withdraw all sympathetic notices .with reference to Deeming pahlibhpri la these column since his culture, and altfaough wedo cot favor the idea of the Btatc committing -sumlcrs, wc .won't harp on that cord mitil bu hn -been " worked off with ncatrw am! TlcH»atch;, Tjco a nun fcc'Ip out Mpoftiy" like ih is — 4,.0f iriemls and kindml tiny bereft znc f I'm Ibiy- Deeming, His all that# left me ' i- Y — il >sltincitO/sct iiimago, II isa bleASiog that .f what's left.wiU might soon be bereft him. The 'V ' . ilay-btarc i>M Vic.s blrilaUy Uc'H cwinp. Tlic N.S.W. bund oLJgislata were given a' tmliiluy until ruiic time in MhyAru1v4liin being the j month of May it is neuly i(me wc ho.inl uf the call tonrras. But 1c nmttci not vhethor this be May or whether it oe June, the K45.W. legislator ate, and always have been, agrcrygirod people, and although they arc i>o terribiy fnfjgnLil in consc- vjuoocc of the lalb' lengthy sessiattof talk and do nothing, the ohl, old style of prorogations must be rigorously adhered to. Our paid legislators must wander about like a lot of lost sh\sb"d|h(jFdircy% like it br not 4iulil tffic Gbvcrrmeut sei«t it would bu dan gcrons to allow tHc gaRM to & plnyoM' any longer. Then the bugle rail sounds orci hill and d.ilc that the dismal old -'hapjiyo-luftky luxr- p; itching machine isApiin having its rusty crunks greased for another turn. . 1 . . . " Ro IVemier Dibbs is on his \v<iy to old England — lie could be climbing up the Buuth pole and the country wouhl tiavenoiicisl tomnunitf Pavlurncnt were only allowetl to assemble and tmnsact t he busi ness of the country without him, but the qjhincosnra that crc May of 92 numbers 31 days nnofher jiro- claraation further proroguing I'ailiameut until another date — perhaps July, perhaps October — will have taken place. Yhefi for the same old game of Rkittlcs with the many measures so long promised a people disgusted with the flo\v-o\ich I'arli.amcut of N.S.W. Labor u ill pcihajis again rise 'upon its haunches, hark about what it is going to do and theui muddle itself up as it did last »u-ion ; capital will vpluttcr about like ati ohl hen, and Frcctoction xvili mounpolisc the rest of the time while the public pitches up its hat and shouts hoorav when it antici pates another dig at the ballot-box. They'll put better in next time; do awful things, and tliey liar c done it. Anyhow, its time Parliament assembled. — Dibbs or no Dibbs, money I or no money. Give us focal government, and one in.ati one vote next session ami let us luve that Tlic D.T. lias onec again made an ass of itself, this time by abusing the Postmaster-General for not surchaigiug alicady stamped Quecnblntid, Vic toria, and South Australian newspapers b era use those colonics decline to convey N.S.W. norv-stampcsl papers free. A pretty nie<s there would be if the T.M.G. were to attempt tn en Force such nn unjus- tiec, and \> hat about the postal union We arc of opinion that the other colonies have been exceed ingly poo<l to New South Wale for fio long carrying tion- tainpc»i papers free, while their own are taxed. But it is not surprising that the D.T. should pull away at the I'.M.G. He is a protectionist, and that paper is purely a party one, and can see nothing but good iu frvctnulei and nothing but bad in pit>- tectjcinist. Wc don't ntn Thk Timkb in the in- tcn.st of either part)-, but we think the present I'.M.G. quite as good a nnm as the Jk.mnou who occupied th.it position before the form.iliouof the Dibbs" Administration. 