CHAPTER I. n;r..NimooK. No spot in tlio whole Son thorn Hemis phere can boast suuh a ruggod and im. posing const lino us Now Zealand. On its most iiorthorri lodgo towora tho ('iroat Harrier Hock— the Jirst point on whioh the ocean lossud mariner rests his woary eye — (ho first hind soon whon bearing up for Maoriiand. A slmngo land this. Along its nhoro-3 tlio vision oiiuautitcrs huge nnd mystic slmpos at every turn of tho acii wall. JJorc, tlio Colossus of Illiodoa ; thoro a ponderous Sphinx, ris ing sheer abovo its follnws, and whoso biwo has boon lapped by tho rostloss wiivob for a thousand years, Truly, a strange country is thin of To wake, tho Maori, and tho most inystio and awo- inspirlng spot of all is that of the Barrier Rock. Savo tho Fire Mountain of j TungiiiiL-ofa, it in the yr.ir.tU; t and iil?.'- I th- l-iiihr-sA point, in Now S'k-aland. It ii si !ji.^aiiti.i mount, as laijjo nn fSi'-iraltur, and oijiiallyiiiigecl in by tho sea, excopt at tii' v.vstVrn end, where rhcro is a nar j row strip of Icnuri foresr, ivhich links it w'nM thu mainland. Viuivrd fnmi tin) Hf'ii tho Harrier pro I aeiits the i' i naneu of an e.viut cone up j lowiiliin ,,.,.? yards of its topi. Thero tho uiopiii!j end.s. I'eyond il is tivolnss, and :is baro and bald as the crown of a friar ; ?ilhet'.visu thu nidi's of the. yiant guardian of Maonlaml are densely wooded to tho w.it'Ta ndgo. .Singular induotl, botmio-, ' ?. !'u? Iron lesj .'uutimit. SeiMncd nui i ??./.? ml, ita Hiul'aee in mottle. I with ??? -i :ilas'.o, which, durin;; tho Riinli'r i-.:i.l nven uiidfr thu liiollower beamt t,1' tlm moon , Hiivo-s furth a ooriisoafioii, ast if the lights were ivIU'otfd from iicahi armour. 1 liven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, aro everywhere arounrl it, r.nd the strango li'i'iw in over all. Xo norlhorn paintor in primeval day ever deenmed of forms so mighty, so gi*nli!sr|uo, as seems to look down upon you from tho rocks uround. It required only a very meagre p.trotoh of tho imagination to people those heights /iud depths with it race of Titaufl, to con jure up the sculptor at his work, rudo though it may be, after all tho cnuntloss ages that havo passed. On thu southern sido of tho Burner, and within a milo of that narrow nock of earth which joined the grout rock to tho mainland, stood a largo and solidly built mansion. Its position was a broad, slop, ing ridge, which ran parallel with the baso of the mount for more than half its entire length, overlooking a lovely vidloy. Tho architectural stylo of ti'is building was almost as quaint and as strong as the natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years previous to tho opening of this story, Colonel Harry Pernbrook — a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a largo fortune in London, ?mold hiu commission, and with the money emigrated to New Zealand and purchased the I'inrrier Hock and its adjacent land from old To Mini, tho Maori chieftain, and there made his future homo. The colonel, who wan a bachelor, bad not boon settled twelve months at the Itock ero ho fell in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori hnlf-coBt girl of great, beauty, and heiress to immense wealth. Oihi sou only was tho issuo of this mar riage— -Hilton 1'Vrnbrook. The boy was sixteen years old whon ho lost his iiarents by a boating accident off the 'Harrier during a squall, and tho duty of the youth's personal welfaro devolved upon Rita, a tall silent Maori woman who had been Mrs Kernbrook's nurse and chiof domestic. A bold, weird looking landscape is this around tho Uarrior I look, with its gliston. ing pinnacle :, its far receding peaks and downs of worn rock with tho sotting buu full upon them, and lighting up many a gloomy doll below. Hero where the sun glinted upon the fncu of the cliff an iris might bo seen uhining amidst tho lleece-liko vapor. But rare was the oj-o that beheld this boauti fill phenomenon, for Iho placo had the reputation of being haunted. Few thoro are in our i\ay who believe in ghosts. This [jo-a-hoad era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that. Wo havo become too iimtter-of-1'ai't and prac tical for such humbug. Nevertheless, he was (t bold follow who Would vei/turo alone into the dim and dismal region of that ravine, and not feel the intluenco of the plaeo upon his norves. It was evident aomo daring mortal had ignored the peril, for a tiny spiral column of snioko could ho Been ascending from tho haunted depths of tho ravine upward to whore a kind of stairway, was traced, formed of creepers, tho outstanding stems sorviny as stops. It waa only by standing upon Iho very outer lodge above, and parting the foliagi) that screened it that, the smoke could bo senn ; and if only superficially observed, it might easily havo been mistaken for a strong waif of tho fog that lloatod abovo thu waterfall wear which it roso. (Jlosely scrutinised, however, its blue color and soft filmy hn/.e rendered it recognisable as tho Binoku of a wood lire, and olio that must havo been made by somo human hands. Under tho brunches of a largo kauri standing by tho odgo of the lagoon a canoe of; rtidct construction was moored by a twisted piece of supplejack attached to tho truo. Nor was this tho only indi cation of tho presence of maa, Oloso under tho cliff, and near whoro the tor rent came tumbling; down from tho rocks stood a kauri pino of onorinoua dimen sions. Its buttressed trunk covered a surfaco of moro than forty foot in di amotor, and tho top roso noarly to tho brow of tho cliff, with a thick foliage upon it which completely shut out the views overhead. Beneath it stood a whare, or Maori hut, constructed of Max thongs nnd rushes, with a door opening out to tho pith up tho rook, tfow, and simple indeed worn tho articles of furni turo in this primitive) nbodo. A couch intido from two poles interlaced with dried (lax and forn thereon, formed a bod, a shsot of bark placed upon four stakes for a tahlo, and a knuri log for a sent. Savo an old tin kottlo nnd ono or two utensils, thoro was nothing oka in tho establish ment in tho way of goods and chnttols. Against (ho walls hung a variety of singu lar objects. Tho aku.ll and tusks of a savage hoar, enormous bats, with human like, fuccn, ugly snnkos, strings of tooth and bendo, and quaint imngoa carved in wood. ?Squatting by tlio door of tho tvharo was a Maori umoking n black, short clny pipe. Ho was of gigantio proportions, nnd frightfully tattooed over overy part ofhts fnco. Ik'tweeii his broad shouldora wna sot a bu'.l-liko head almost neoklnss. TliiH porsonago was ovidontly watching and waiting for tho npponrauco of somo ono expected by way of tho cliff:, for at tho slightest sound ho would orano hiuiaulf mid listen intently. At such times his back was bout liko n bow, presenting a. gront hunch, pnrtly tho offoctof advanced »go, nnd partly from natural malfor mation. I Tho Maori's cos: umo wsm in keeping with his abode. A short thick tninba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, much Worn, together with a blanket formed into a toga (coat), completed his costume. At his hand stood a double-barrelled gun, with a shot, bag manufactured from the skin of somo wild nnimnl. Whoever tho individual might bo for whom the old Maori watched and waited, did not appear to hurry, for the sun he yan to dip into Iho sea away beyond the Tonga Reef era lUo expected pcrsouago nmilo Ilia nppcarnnce. In tho fast deepening twilight tho form of a man appeared .it the npo.v of tho cliff, who {;;ivo a peculiar cry, in imitation of tho tohn. 'J.'ho Mn'-i-i below immediately sprang to hia foot at tho aound, and began climbing up tha face of tho jagged rock with astonishing rapidity. The lagoon reached, ho unfastened the canoe from its mooring», and paddled ai-ross to whero the ninn Blood for whom he had been waiting. There was ju.sfc light sufficient to sou that this latter personage was a little hardy-looking joung man, and with a form as lithe and supple ns nn oe!. His face, though bearing no particular indi cations of manly beauty, denoted both daring and cunning in a remarkable de gree, othorwise thoro was nothing to mark tho man from any ordinary mortal, ex cept when ho opened his mouth ; then ono folt a disagreeable sensation, as may bo felt at tho growl of a panther or tho eroak of a raven. In a very short time the pair reerosscd tho lagoon nnd descended tho cliff. .Not n word passed between them till they reached tliu lict. Thoro tho Pakeha (white riiiiii) threw himself upon tho rudo couch, and emitted n long whistle of rolief. ' So this is tho Great Barrier, is it ?' ho cried, with a mild irony in his un pleasant vobe. '? I guess I've seen sumo few places on this globo besides Now Zea land, but hang mo as high as Captain Bragg if evor I saw anything to compare with this. Thorn isn't a lovol yard of term jivnm on tho emiro rock. If ono wants to «o over tho way to visit one's uoighbour, although there aro no neigh bours hereabouts that I ennseo, you can't do it unihr five or nix miles climbing. Fnngh ! givo mo a match, Boson.' Tho hugi! Maori grinned, and at the sumo timo handed his whito companion a curiously carved box containing vestas. ''Now, old follow, I'm going tu rest hero for half an hour,' continued thu little man, lighting a cigar, and handing another to his companion. 'In tho in terim I want you to aeo that tho gear is put into the boat all ready to mako a start.' ' What, to-nijflit ?' enquired tho Maori. 'To-night, Ijosoo! Tho moon will bo up in an hour. Wo will sail when (hero's light enough, if you plcnso.' Tho herculean sava^o gavo a grunt po culiar to tho Maori race, lit his cigar, nnd loft tho hut. Tho other sat nnd smokod in ailenco for some timo, until his thoughts found vent in uudiblo mutter ings. ' Egad I thi3 is going tho ticket, and no miutako,' ho cried, taking tho cigar from his lips and apostrophising the curling smoke above his head. ' Hero nm 1, Timothy Sharpf, alins tho Ferret, nnd vnlet-do-shiun to his greatness Mr Milton Fernbrook, lord of tho Barrier Rock. Hero am I, ambassador, courier, mosKongor, fororminor, and what not, to herald tho npproaoh of my bos3— master,. I mean— to this bis homo, after an ab sence of fivo years apont in England, nnd on tho continent of Kurope. Ha! ha ! ha 1 it's rnro fun to bo a gentleman, and to do tho grand tour us tho boss nnd I have dono foe (lioso years past. ]fo ! ho I ho !' And tho idea so tickled tho risible muscles of the littlo man that ho rolled over tho bunk in a lit of uncontrollable merriment. ' Woll, well, J'vo dono my mission hero natisfactorily at any rate '' when ha had recovered himself. ;i Ono trump card played, which will go far to win tho gamo if properly followed up.' 'XoWjlntmo gl.inco onco moro over my instructions to mako suro I hnvo missed nothing. Firat to givo Bosco, tho Maori, half a dozen linos scribbled in somo out landish fashion that old Nick himself could not road. Tho snvago rend it though, nnd doucod glad and pleased ho Boomed af tor it too. Mu placed himself at oneo entirely at my disposal, and put tho misaivo away in his dirty blanket ns if it had boon tho Kohinoor. Second — received nt tho house— whon I got. thero, that is, which took a terrible time, and dovilish tired I folt, too, scraping my shins agnin.st tho sharp, stoop rocks — ro- ceiv c-dat tho house with open Arms, and cspociiilly by that tall, dark old sho cat — Rita, the hnusukeopor. What an oyo sho hna, and what long claws for scratching. Humph I Ferret, you rascal, bowaro of that Maori dovil in petticoats. How her withered faco lighted up whon I told hor that Master Hilton was coming homo. Ah, woll! if tho placo doesn't suit you, Timothy Sharpn, you can pivo notice. I la t ha ! ha I Lastly, 1 am not to delay my return ; very woll, Master Hilton Fombrook. Tho wind is fair for our sixty mila journoy, and I'm glad it is so, for an open fishing boat is not tho most 3nfo nnd comfortablo conveyance on tho saast of Now /fjoaland on a dark night, ?wid with a chopping aea on. JSntre hom.i, Korrot, if tho wind holds tho Master of Fornbrcok ahull ooo tho faco of his huiublo servant uru to-morrow's dawn.' ' Who's tlioro ?' Tho harsh voiuo jroakod out tho latter pxclainalion fiorrc. ly, and ut tho flame instant n revolver wna [Uillod forth from the broaat of hia but toned up coat, 'Bnh! it'a only Bosco returning,' ho .?ried, after nn intonno pnuso, ' This in. 'omul don ot ponkH nnd chnsnis would un nervo tlio dovil hinmolf.' Ho hud only timo to rophicolha wonpon n his coat whon tho Maori ro-entorod tho .vhttro. ' Well, the boat ia rondy ? ' 'Yes.' ' Come then, lend tho way Bosco,' criod ho othor, rising, and lighting a fresh ligar. My master gavo me positive ordors :o be bnok at Pukonhina by to-morrow nornlng,'— To be Continued. 1? I) I ? i_ 