$utum. Why Did So Lon Ser? CHAPTER XXX (Continued). " I am not informed of his opinion,” re*, plied Mrs. Berkely, “.but we can hope on, mj child. Can yeu not return with me to the Vale. All the members of my family are anxions to welcome you among ns. You eaa eome or send every day to learn how Claude progresses, and we will-do all in | etir pawer to render yon contented.” ", You are too good to me; bnt I will prove te you how sensible l am of the kind ness extended to me at this time, when 1 need it. But I cannot return with you to night. It grows late, and Ishajl have mueh packing to do.” “ Cousin Carrie will eome for you herself, - for she is anxious to bear you from those she is eonvineed are unfriendly to you. She bade me to say that henceforth you are to look to her, as to an elder sister, for every thing you need. Her fortune is ample, and the friendship she lias long dberished for Claude gives her. the right to: assume the place he lias so long.fliled toward you.". Lola had suspected the interest with' Which Miss Cnrleton regarded Fontaine, and she comprehended that to extend kind ness to the orphan he had loved, as his child would be a solace to her heart. She replied to this oiler with so much feeling that Mrs. Berkely felt more tenderly toward her t han she had done before. * Alter a long conversation their plane were settled, and the elder lpdy. arose to leave. Dr. Sinclair had forbidden all ac cess to his patient, who was confined to the two rooms lie had occupied. So Mra. Ber kely was compelled to leave tfae; house without seeing Fontaine. Cwsnr and Aggy watched over their master, who was never violent with them. Jsola had the grief of learning from them that her name was never mentioned by him; that no wish to see her again passed his When the carriage containing her old friend drove away, Isola ascended to her own room, with a feeling of desolation in her heart at the thought of leaving the. house which had so long been a happy home, to her. When Isola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins were built, and informed them that she had eome to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expressions of re gret and attachment affected her. Escap ing from the blessings that were showered on her she rode back to the house, to find the Senora awaiting her return' on the piazza witii nn expression of anger on her face. As Isola ascended the steps, she ad dressed her; “ Vou have taken a strange liberty in ordering that horse to be saddled -for your self, Miss —I hardly know what to call you, j since you have no right to the name you have so long borne. Selim is now the pro perty of my nieeo, and I have ordered that it shall be kept for her exclusive use.” By this time Isola had become accus tomed to the insolent speeches which were addressed to her by this imperious woman, and she replied : “I no longer elaiii anything here, ma dam ; but Savella wfuld not object to my riding, for the last/time, the horse which has been so long considered as my own. Cease your insults, for to-morrow I leave the home which has so long sheltered me, driven from it by your uncivil treatment.” . Leave La Fontaine 1 Where will you jo!” ‘‘I have promised Mrs. Berkely . to take up my abode at the Vale. Sinee I am ba nished from thepresenae of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now he is unable to proteet me, I shall go . to the friend whose heart and home are open to “ Te depend on her, I suppose,” she re plied; " with sueh a lady as you are, any thing will be better than working for your living, though I’ll wager anything those you lawfully belong to have to work hard enough for theirs." . .To this vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no reply. She went up to her apartment, to indulge her repressed emotions in a hearty erj The Senora had left Savella under the surveillance of Summerton, while she awaited Isola's.return, for the purpose of giving her what she called a piece of ber mind, for the impudence in ordering Selim without her permission. During all these weeks the strictness of her wateh over her nicee had not relaxed, for t.be dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. She sought Snvella’s room, in which she and Summerton were sitting, and whis pered in his ear. The two went out leav ing Savella alone, but takingjthe precaution to lock the door on the outside, unsuspi cious of the pantomime that was perform ing within. When they disappeared, the girl jumped up and sprang toward the window. A handkerchief was waved from it, a thread lowered to a which a letter was -fastened, and an answering signal came from the woodland, to assure her that Phillip was on the wateh. When the handkerchief was waved, Philip waited till nightfall, came to the rosebush below the window, disengaged the missive, and placed one for Savella on the thread, which escapedeven. iheiglance ■ of the Cerberus who watehed over her. While this was passing, the Senora drew Summerton into her apartment, closed the door, and said: •• I have warned yon more than once that your potion had (ailed in its effect. In place of hurting her, it seems to agree with tier, and now she is escaping from us alto Aitcr deliberating a moment, Summerton • • If it wore not for the will I would let her go. But Fontaine will not last many months, and we;cnnnot afford to give her tan thousand dollar’s that lawfully belong tn in. Are you sure that she has drunk the water? I hare made the infusion stronger than the first, and it seems strange it no longer nffects her.". 1 have foutnl ’-means "to look into her chamber every morning, and the pitcher is always partly-emptied. That, proves that she uses it ; you must have given me some thing that is harmless." J ' As if I shouliLdo suck a tiling 1” be re torted. ‘■ l iiblieve now that sift pours out I a portion of the water to make you believe I ahe lias drunk it.- If encb is the case,-you I must risk everything sooner than permit I her to leave this house alive. How can we manage to .give her what will effectually put an end to her claims on any portion of the estate we have fairly earned for our* lelves?” : The Senora rapidly said : ' ■ " Of late she often has-her tea sent to her own room. To-night she will do so, for she is now crying because she is going kway. I can put the powder in the sugar.' She must die before another day-dawns safely. Your skill can produce the symp toms of some sudden and fatal disease?” “ Oh, yes. The house 1ms been recently painted, and she shall die of wliat painters call lead colic. I shall say the delicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join the angels. Nobody can contradict us, for my nostrums loave no trace behind them.” There was something diabolical in the coolness with which this wns uttored. lie morse was unknown to the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. She rapidly said: " That will do ; bring me the death war raut, for I am impatient to make all safe by getting into the dining-room unobserved.'' Summerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering white powder, the deadly qualities of which lind been con densed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora lloselli descended the-gtairense, and, after a passing glnnce into the dining-room to ascertain if it was empty, she glided in. The supper-table wns set, and a cup and •attccr of tine blue china,- which Isola al ways drank her tea from. To drop the powder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noise lessly as she bad entered. She went up to Savelln, who wns revolv ing in her brain tlio menns of effecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her everything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could manage to evade her aunt and join him at their old trysting-plnco. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an excuse from her young Indy ; she hnd a headache, and wished a cup of ten to be sent up to her. With unblushing cheek the Nemesis pre pared the liquid, and placed it on the waiter. She insisted oh sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after her headache went off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savelln seemed in better spirits tlinn she hnd been in of late. Through the servants she hnd heard of Isola’s intended departure, and when supper wns over Bhe said; “ I must go up and see Isola ; it seems hard to be turned out of the home she lias so long been taught to look upon ns her own; but'the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we must let her do j “You can bid her adieu,” said Summer | ton, " but tho warning voico which lins spoken to you lias forbidden you to claim her as your friend." She shuddered and changed colour. “ She can never be my ffiend, for I shrink from her with fear since that drendful night in Uncle Clnude's room. But I’ll bid her good-bye. I cannot let her go without thill. You nen«3 not oo»»»..wlLU, me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go to Isold’s Night hnd fallen; the Senora knew it would he impossible for Savelln to esenpo from the upper storey, and she wns per mitted to ascond alono. Instead of going to Isola, she noiselessly flitted into her room, threw up the window, and drew tip a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, with the light of love shining from her eyes. One paragraph she dwelt od, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met. I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me agBin. Come to me Savelln, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I icil/, come,” she said; and a few hur-' ried lines were dashed off, sealed, and low ered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com munication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her knock received no reply and she went in. Isola was Bitting beside the fire in her dressing-robe, with her hair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, hut her hands had fallen powerless beside her, aud her head was resting against tha high back of the chair. She was colourless, aud seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savella sprang toward her, exclaiming: “ Good heavens! Isola, what can be the matter with you ? You look as if you are dying." “ I believe I am," she said. “ I sent Celia down to her supper, and soon after ward I was seized with so violent a pain in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed as quickly as possible, S.ummon Celia to me.” Savella pulled the bell-cord, and in a few moments Celia came in, looking frightened. When she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. “ Oh, Miss Savella, -what can • linve; come overlier since I went down stairs? She said she felt better after drinking her tea. What is it, Missy? “I don’t know-^I feel ill all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one for Dr. Sinclair. The two girls lifted her in their arms and placed her on the bed. On her appearance Savelln hnrricd from the room, to inform her aunt that Isola was ill; that something must bo done for her at once, hoping that this nttnek might make a diversion in her own favour. Senora Boselli went to see Isola’s condi tion herself. She looked upon the face so. chnnged within the last hour. Already the livid hue of death seemed setting over it, and her senses had. so failed her that she was unconscious of what was passing around her. Celia was wringing her hands, and exclaiming: “Oh, wliat shall Ido? She tole me to sen’ for de doctor, an’ I must do it now ; for ef he’s not here soon my dear Missy will “ Hush that uproar," said tha Senora. '* It is useless to send for Dr. Sinclair now ••or she will be past help before lie could get here. ;Mr.Summerton is as good 'apliysh eiah as he is—ask him to come up and see what can be done for her." Celia left the room to seek Summerton, and the Nemesis bent over her Victim to ascertain how long life might linger in the frame she had doomed to destruction. The Senora's breath came in.quick gasps, and she beenmo paler Ilian the half- lifeless eing.on the couch beside her. Unable to sustain herself she sank on nclinir, and sat trembling before the conviction that,arose within her mind. Summerton obeyed her summons; but when he entered the chamber and saw tho changed fiice of his accomplice, lie started back in dismny. He asked:’ “ Wliat has happened to unnerve yoit so 7 Put off that look before the girl returns; or it may betray all." 1 ‘' , .< “Look thero," she said in a whisper. " Wlinl of that.?" lie asked. : “ It: seonis that she is marked with red wine.! Cdme^— this will never do;you'look'ris if' you had setui a ghost.” . - “ So I have,” was the reply;." the ghost of the past. The girl must not die—save "Have von lost your smses!” he asked. “ Why should I save her when you doomed \- She placed her lips close' to his ear,' and breathed a few words into it: .‘His face changed ns he listened, but lie answered . "Even if this be true, it should but con firm yon in your purpose.” “No—I tell you no ! .1’ am ,a.ilinrd woman, I know ;.but this cfiinel dure -not perpetrate. I tell you she Wm/f-not die..Wo cun otherwise dispose of her:n-i.. “But how?” ■ ' " Leave that to after consideration: Act now; I insist, upon it. There is nnnntidpte; use all your skill to save licrj-or—I" know what I may do.’.’ “Is that a threat?” “ Understand it ns you please; lint niy will shall be yours, liefuse, and I willsend for Dr. Sinclair. lie will couiprchcd ; all, and who will be held nnswe'rnhlc?’ ‘I will save myself by criminating you. 'There— —you know me—to work, for no tim'd is to be lost." , . Her imperious tones were snvnge in their earnestness, and Suiumerton said: “ I will do your bidding ; but’ if your, sus picions arc true, she,.will give, tis ,mucli trouble hereafter." . : i :;. , I do not act on suspicion, but on a cer tainty. Hasten for your antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she . dios, it will riot be well for you.” Suiumerton ordered Celia to bringwarm water, and in n few moments he returned, bringing the antidote to the. deadly ngent he had used in preparing his subtle mes senger of death. -. The lips of Isoln were forced open;-and the liquid poured down her throat; her chilling limbs wero rubbed' with flannels wrung from warm water. . The Scnora seemed novel to weary in her efforts to restore her, and Summorlon used all his skill to undo wlint they had done. At length the purple hue left Isoln’s lips and hands ; her eyes opened,, but with a. shudder she closed them as they fell upon the Sonora. "What has happened to me?” she asked. “I feel like one just rescued from death.” Aggy rushed to her side, ‘pnd said: , Ji r'1” - •-r—m». HurlfnL _ been for tho Snory an* Air. Suinm’rton, you’d a been wid de angels by dis time." “I have been so ill, and they have aided me7" she murmured. “It seems impos “ Why so, Isola?" asked Summerton “ Savella found $ou here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous cflluvin arising from the paint which has been used on the house. Fortunately I knew what remedies to apply; you have been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Senora Boselli and myself." "Then I must thank yon,” she feebly Said; “ but I nm too weak to talk much.” "Nor is it desirable you should, do so. You must now rest,” replied Summerton, and after giving some directions to Aggy/ who was to remain with her till morning, the two confederates left the room to gether. Isoln was too much exhausted to think, though she was in a stale of bewilderment ns to their conduct towards her. When slie first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had montaliy accused them of having effected their onds by destroying her, yet to their efforts she was assured she owed lief life. But she soon fell asleep, and at a late hour of the following morning, she was •roused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella’was repeated.’;' ‘ 