' . , 0» LAUGHTER. . — I — LA'U'KK day civilisation, with all its points of excellency, has to plead guilty to the charge of lapsing into duluess. For the most part, even convivial assemblages -are dull to a degree which is exasperating, and the laughter is too often that of politeness. It has been gradually dying out of the nation foi years past, and is almost as much a relic of the past ; as the four-bottle man ana the ;ii lojal jesters. . Even the clowns at the ' * cucus have lost their genuineness, and ? have become but the ghosts of facetious, gag. It is . rarely that one comes across a Lohnen to brighten up the gloom with genuine wit flashes and grotesquerie, and the bubble joy which laughs in folly's cup. has burst. Some.authority, presumedly of a religioua turn, is responsible for the theory that the man is a. bad man who has not within him the power of a hearty laugh. Viewed from the hygienic standpoint, theloss of the laughis a* distinct drawback to the satisfactory growth of mankind. Like its cousiii german, the yawn, described as the most healthful exercise possible, the true laugh:- has ,a wonderfully - reinvigorating power. The apoplectic wheeze and the fat chuckleare, of course, injurious phases ; but the hearty, happy, merry laugh is a lung expander incalculably beneficial. From the scientific . standpoint the expulsion of air from, the lungs and the shaking of. the sides, tliu agitatian of : the windpipe, the movement ol the facial/. mus- cles, and the over-running of laughter from the eyes .arc all productive of great relief to the system. Hitherto uo; effort has been ft made to prompt the cause of laughter-— if we except the miserably apologetic exhilaration produced by laughing gas, which infallibly leads up to a depression still' more profound and more melancholy. But to-day there comes from bright, cheery, and gay Paris the announcement that a benefactor of therace has discovered an elixir which may verily be termed a life draught.. It will , produce laughter to any extent, according to the modulation of the quantity of the dose, and at varying prices (for the inventor, like most, men of special ability, as poor), you can provide yourself with mirth-ineiters ranging j from the -gentle titter' and merry chuckle 'to, the full-grown loud and hearty laugh. It may be resorted to only on special 'occasions, say '.when it is desirous of. gaining, a reputation of exceeding merririess', or it. may be. taken as a regular tonic treatment.; 1 ^Beginning with gentle '.and subdued, merri ment, it leads up by slow degrees to the: perfect freedom of government of the comical muscles. As a benefactor to his species the; ,i. inventor takes arhigh place/ To be able to. i*C ' coerce people of a dismal and gloomy turn of; .£ mind into a genial vein will be a distinct boon; to the less lugubrious section of human kind. 