U; .".'ST 5IARY'S CHURCH. .. ... "Whit Sunday, Jor' Pentecost, the festival of the ! Catholio Church, in solemn . remembrance .of ;the' descent of the Holy Ghost on the A"post|es,'. was , :oUteerve'd: iii- the' above church -by grand servicete'. morning. 'and 'eye'riirig yesferllay.'' At the 11 o'clock Maes the , celebrant ,wa3 ..the Very(Reyr ''Pere; Martial Mary ! 5Iissionnire.ApostoIique;im ;TaSuriinia/- whb' chanted tlio- tuusical' pdrtiou-of. !the.feervifco in lho' R uptei'i GrddOriah Order tefitH- !goo'd ;voico ' arid' perfect" int'ohatiOii. Iti' cbth'--' iripticiria ;hts" sermon .'/he '"said th'rtfc' heI!wtes.:'de- lligiited to see the, solfeniri' seryicfes'bf "ilifa ch'iifcii so beautifully, rendered .asi. they had," lle'o.H that' j day,, and. also. < the. "largo "congregation !Jp'reent at the second. 6Inss.,, jThe .Rev .Father ...Fero toukq |for tho-Bubject .of .his.diHcourae the/origin :arid, -nature of the feast aud the effects of ;the descent _ of the Holy Ghost ori the Apostle's and also on the faithful when they receive 'the' holy isacfa- ihentte bf the oliurch worthily;-"Irt' ebricju'dirigr .he paid a very high coinplifnerit to tlite 'olibit;' for 1 the iuanrier ill "whicli the inueic of tlite 5I#sb Was rendered, also to the conductor for the ; evidence of the great care iitad fttteniioH exeii- ' cised in training . the. choir, and to. tiny instru mentalists for their excellent performance. The- one thing ."he specially remarked wna<llieJ,yer£.i 'poor instrument the choir had for ari' organ, tend he.. aajd that with such a oapable .clipi.r tlie. congregation ought to see that a .inbrd, teuitalilfi instrument was provided, .so that' Ino glo/itfute; services of the church could "lie still' mdre' im proved.. ; ; ; ii ... k The 5fass performed was Weber's in G with orchestrte. Soprano; Slrs Hobsun ; contralto, Miss Biddlck j "teuor, 5Ir Farrant ( rbsssV! 61r Reid; fltite, 5Ir Bickle ; clarionette, oSir Rack et row ddubie-bass, Sir Nowl)y ; 1 organist/ Mrs Westaway. The introduction of the Mass is a short syiiqjhorijr tehich gives a sacred tone to the worlt at the very coniniehcement, and loads to the. prftyerB Kyrie (" Lord lmvo iherby")" '.iblt chorus, and is of a highly, doyotiorial cliarabtbr. The Gloria(V Giory") is a joyous. mo vemerif, full chorus, and leads to somo nice solos for'soprano and tenor. The Quoniam (" For Thou only") chorus is very grand. The Credo, ("I Bp- lieve ") is a majtestic chorus 'for full choir ; Et Incarnatus ("He was conceived "), so- ; prano solo, a Bolemn movement; 1 and wiis beautifully roridofed by theteiriger. ; Et'Resurexit- ('' Ho rose again") is Aribthet grand bliorus, finishing in a great display bf harhiony /SahtetuB (V.Holy ") is a fine chorus of powor aud dignity. The Benedietus ("Blessed") quartottq.ite/tHe, most beautiful part of tho 51ass, and was. given by the singers exquisitely. Tho Agnus, . Dei, (" Lamb of God "), contralto' solo, is a porfect;, devotional piece of music, and was very nicely rendored by the soloist. The Dona (" Give us peace"), soprano' solo and chorus, _broughta fine musical performance to a finish. -The offertory, " Yciii Sancte Spiritus " (" Come, Holy Ghost "), is a magnificent bass solo with flute obligato. Tho tendering of this solo by Mr Reid was very fine, indeed, and tho tluto obligato was neatly rendered. Thte organist. (Mrs Westaway)' dfeBerves great praiso for her highly finished rondering of tho organ pnrt, and the instrumentalists did their portion effectively. The conductor was very successful in tne judicious irianagenient of his forces/ tend tna Gloria (" Glory ") -Mozart's No. 12— brouglit/o n Riiccessful termination one of tbo, grand sorvioes of tho Catholic Church. Vespers were given by the Rev Pere, who also preaahed. As this wa tho first Sunday of tho month of June, ne vory appropriately took fdr his subject the origin an history of the devotion to the -Sacred Hear-—, of that heart whioh loved marikihd teo w . There was a large congregation,- tend Vespers were rendered in a nioe.eneot o. manner, Th o , ! ' J olorjjy iliari! . alsbl celetratecl firsl Mass at- Golden Point, and preaohed before A largo congregation. He also in the aftornooii drove jrtoj Maldon'/ and delivered au beautiful addretQjHe cbildteri bf St ' BridgeVfe Sunday School. ' I 