''HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION?' .Now, which it th» worse — to have no appetite for your dinner, or have no dinner for your appetite? ........ There are lots of people on tho one side or the other of this question. . When ' good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is tho ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. Cut most: of us are not blessed in that way ; we either havo too much food without an appetite, or n vigorous appe tite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yot the fcommon sense of it is that, within reason able limit's, it is bettor to have an appetite without a dinner, beoause, shbrt.of the starva tion, line,' a hungry, man is a- healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating,' stands in noed of ''alterations and repairs.1' To illustrate.' 'We recently received a com munication in whioh the writer Bays, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did he fauoy his food -was poisoned, or did his nature robel against the nourishment. lived on P If the latter,- why P Let him clear the myBtery himself. ' ; He says, 'In the year 1889 I ohanged my work from riilway porter to signalman. I bad been signalman twelve months, and thon all it once, bo to speak, I did not' feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet sosmod to lose their flavor ; tho palate, to put it in that- way, appearod to have nothing to say to Ihom. One thing .was like another, and none was good. My tongue was ooatod'and furrod, with a-dark line down:the middle and yellow fur round it.' My breath was offensive and my appetite ? poor, with pains through the ohest and shoulders, which wore' always right before I had .eaten. any- thing. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It wouid gather ao it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would ohoka me.' . Wo cannot wonder that undor theso cir cumst&noes; our friond failed to do. justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he civile ' a pricking sensation.' at his heart, us though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, p.t times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was bo severe tbat the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded,' he says, ' the thought of. eating; and many a scanty, meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat. ' . ' ? . 'After a timo I scot into a low, -weak, ner vous condition, and felt misorable, as if sbmo thing was going to happen, and thU caused me to less a good deal of sleop.' . What he means by .the foar of ' something going to happen' is, of oourso, the fear of Borne calamity, such as the losa of his poBi tion, his own death, or tho death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as ho intimates, to the impoverished stato of his blood (the life bearer), his unBtrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Tho night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a rootless and ungovernfid imagination. ' With great difficulty ,' Jbo says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So I struggled on, but what I nufForod for two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one hat sufered so much as I have done.*' In the latter statement he. is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to hear than is one's notion of his neighbor's pain. Thero is a oountloss multitndo who aro all tho while going through the samo wrotchod experience, only wo don't happen to oomo in touch with thorn. Well, tho writer finally mentions that after all medical troatmont had loft him whoro it found him he chaucod to read in a book of ft casa exactly liko his own having been cured by Mother Soigoi'B Syrup. ' My wife,' ho Bays 'got, mo a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in WoooloBford, and aftor using its oontonts tho ailment loft mo and has novor roturnod siuoo that fortunate day. I should like tho whola world to know what it did for mo. I havo boon employed by the Midland Railway Com pany for olevon years. -~ (.Sisnod) ' George Hunt, ' Car Bottom-road, ' Apporloy Bridge, near Loods.' Wo publish tbiB by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what rouon. 