IN the midst of the political tumult of Europe there is borne in upon us a terrible warning. Too well do the people recognise its import. Too well have they learnt and too well do some remember what is likely to happen, and what has happened when cholera is abroad on its fatal crusade. From it there is no , escape, against it no defence. The. residents of districts traversed by it can neither avert an attack, nor mitigate its seve rity if it come, but must. wait in the misery of suspense, seeing victims fall to the right and tb ; the left, with the terrible consciousness that they them selves may be the next to fall. All must take chances in this gruesome lottery of death with, an equal chance of drawing a ticket branded with the fatal cross. There are. two special elements of disquiet in the present European outbreak. One, that it is one of the most malignant varieties •■of Indian cholera, and another that it was first observed, in its aggravated form, in Persia, and is following practically the same route as has been followed in days gone past by some remarkably fatal visitations. Late cables to the effect that the cholera has appeared in "Western Europe, and has made many victims in Paris, show that the situation is not only in itself most serious, but • that the plague is within easy striking distance of Australia. 'No doubf'th'ere iS' some - unconscious exaggeration in the statement that al ready thousands of cases have occurred in St. Petersburg. The announcement that the plague had placed its grip on certain towns in Italy (Brindisi, the mail port, among the rest) appears also to hare been premature. But it is only human nature to exaggerate an impending, danger. A reliable gauge of the terror it has caused may be found in the stampede of 5000 people from Baku, a Caspian port on the south-eastern frontier of Russia in Europe, who have rushed panic stricken out of the supposed track of the destroyer. One curious thing is that, in these cholera visitations, the plague seems to travel with a sort of method. In the present case it first appeared in Turkestan and Persia, from whence it travelled slowly along the shores of the Caspian Sea to the mouth of the Volga. Astrakan, the port at the junction of this . river with the Caspian Sea, having been , taken possesskn of, the cholera wheeled northward along the river’s banks into the far interior, attacking the citizens of Tsaritzen and Saratov upon its way. Here, again it follows the programme of previous .visitations which usually followed the course of the "greater river valleys. From this point it may be said to have all Europe at command, and is spreading in all directions. Unfortunately, in much of the Russian interior, famine has been in advance, preparing the ground. The pitiful distress of the last winter has not only predisposed the unhappy peasants to an attack, but sapped their normal power of battling with the disease. Of course, the panic-stricken query now is, “Where next!” Our late cablegrams advise that fatal cases have occurred among Russian troops on the Austrian frontier, and, again, in the suburbs of Paris, the question must be regarded as answered in 1 a most disquieting way. It is now sixty-one years since Great Britain had her first recorded visit from Asiatic . cholera. In that case it travelled 'from Central west ward, athwart Russia; was con veyed to Great Britain from Rija,,, swept the British Islands, devastasted Europe, and retired by way of the United States. Since then there have been visitations in 1846-54-65-75 and 85, but the last did not effect a landing in the United Kingdom. The evenness .ot the inter vals, or of most of them, is very remarkable. It would seem, seeing that the disease has been known in* Eastern Europe for centuries, that a new set of conditions came into opera tion in 1831, or thereabouts, which encouraged, or, at least, permitted, the movement of the plague westward. Our purpose in adverting to this subject is not by any means to utilise materials for ■p, ~ gruesome story. It is said that' Indian or Asiatic cholera is to small-pox what the latter in its turn is to a mild form of measles. If, then, the arrival of a case of small-pox within our waters creates such widespread) klarm, and stirs our sanitary authorities into feverish activity, with whit degree of care should we take precautions against the more terrible disorder! With so many channels of com munication open between Australia and Europe, who shall say that the dreaded cholera may not find its way to us through. one of them! To say that tve have for many years been in constant communication with parts of the East where cholera is always' more or less active without getting it here is to beg the ;i whole question. There are,.'it appears, periods at which it is abnormally active, and these are marked by its marches of death. No sane man will attempt to deny that it is possible to introduce Asiatic cholera along with freight and passengers, and the barest possibility of-such a sort ought not to be disregarded. Wk regret to see that the Government declare their intention to proceed with the Pascoevale railway. Whatever the fate of the measure, it will be long remembered against Mr Shiels and his colleagues that, having been placed in office as a protest against the making of unpayable railways, their first act was to attempt to force,through the House a very flagrant case of that very evil. The line is condemned on ail hands, and many members who voted for it did so, we understand, on the understanding that the Government would not persist in the attempt to carry but a proposal that is not wanted -by the public and will'not pay its way. From the mer ciless disclosures made with .regard to it in the Argus, no other conclusion can be come to than that it is a syndi cators’ line. We still hope the better sense of the House will prevail, and the bill he withdrawn. Its appearance on the Government programme has already raised the possibility that Ministers are riding for a fall. About the completion of the line to connect the Korumburra coat pits with the Gippsland railway, not very much need be said. The risk is not heavy, and it will be admitted that a railway which served to open up a Victorian coalfield would be remarkably cheap at £3OOO, or, for that matter, three times the money. We, of course, un derstand that the course taken with re gard to the Korumburra mine is not to be regarded as a precedent. There may be excellent reasons why a pay able coal mine should remain unworked for years, for the want of less capital than would be needed to start a public house, and we must assume their pre sence here, but still the State will have done its share, or more than its share, in assisting to demonstrate the existence of payable coal deposits in Victoria, and, the rest may well be left to private enterprise. The directors of the Korumburra coal mine owe it to the country, and to themselves, to lose no time in demonstrating that they are worthy of the consideration shown to them'. In the Legislative Assembly last night the Premier assured Mr Bowman that, as far as possible, every chance would be given to candidates for Government employment who had already passed the civil service examina tion. Mr Peacock informed Mr Gordon that teachers were instructed to teach from the “ Manual of Health aud Temperance” once a fortnight. Mr Outtrim informed Mr Camp bell that the Hobson’s B->y railway lines were returning a profit of 6 64 per cent, on the capital cost, Mr E. Murphy gave notice of his intention to move that the Agent- General be temporarily relieved of his duties to afford him un opportunity of rebutting the charges brought against him in connec tion ..with the Real Estate Bank, in fair ness to Mr. Munro and in justice to the credit of the colony. -Another 1 petition was presented against the proposed beer tax, Mr Outtrim asked leave to bring in a bill to authorise the construction of a- railway line from Flemington Bridge to Pascoevale, Mr Staughton remarked that the line was con demned by every thinking man. The Premier said members would have no oppor tunity to discuss the bill on the second read ing. The Government was bound by the Act to bring it in. The bill was then read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for to day. Mr Turner moved the second rending of the Railway Lands Acquisition BiM, remarking that the measure endea vored as far as possible to carry nut the recommendation of the Standing Committee on Railways. He then explained the aims of the bill, the principal one being to establish the “ betterment” principle. To avoid excessive compensation the bill fixed the value of land required for railway purposes at its worth on the first day of the session during which a Railway Construction Bill was introduced. Mr Turner quoted figures to .show that in the past excessive compensation had been paid; and briefly explained the details of the measure, which have already been published in The Star. Mr Webb asked for the adjournment of the debate to allow members time to digest the complications at the measure. The Premier reminded members that : the Budget debate wodld ' probably last for two mouths, and pointed nnt that until this, bill was disposed of no railway construction could be under taken. Mr M'lntyre thought the mea sure was too cumbersome. What was wanted was a simpler measure, to be made part and parcel of every Railway Construc tion Bill.. He seconded the motion for adjournment, which was supported by Mr Gillies on the grounds that time would thus be saved. The debate was adjourned till Tuesday by consent. Mr M’Lean moved the second reading of the Village Settlements Bill, a precis of . which appears elsewhere in 1 ha Star. Mr Rchardson complained that the provisions of the bill were too stringent, and thought poor people should be given better chances of settling on the land. He wished to see co-operative selection allowed, Mr Webb characterised the bill as then, ret’cal and impracticable. Private mem bers’ time arriving, the debate was ad journed till next day. After unimportant business, the debate on ' the Miners’ R : ght Titles Bill was resumed. Mr Dunn strongly supported the bill, as tending to strengthen the miners’ right titles. The second reading was carried. In committee Mr Outtrim proposed an amendment to the eff mt that titles under miners’ rights be only confirmed when -the holders' bad 1 , received compensation. This was accepted, and the bill was passed through all itt remaining stages Another minor bill was passed through all its stages, amt the House ad journed. Matters political (writes our Melbourne correspondent) are exceedingly quiet to-day, and will remain so uatil the Budget speech has been delivered, although, on every side, expressions of disgust with the Ministry are to be heard. There oan be little doubt that if the Budget speech had been made, the life of the Ministry would be but short, as, in addition to their general weak ness and apparent incapacity to deal with large questions, their action over the Pascoevale and Korumbnrra railway lines has alienated many of their best disinterested friends. How things will go during the next fortnight it is hard to say, and as the leading men in the Opposition have a positive aversion to taking office white things are so mixed os they are just now, it is quite probable that the Ministry will be allowed to go on for a time, although their own sup porters in the Corner, many of whom are openly greedy for office, may at any time effect a diversion, and bring about a com plete-change in the atate of affairs. As re gards the Pascnevaie line, there, is a very general impression abroad that the scheme will be dropped, ' ' The final returns for the general elections in Great Britain give Mr Gladstone a ma jority of 40. Another complaint, which seems to be of a very, unfair and trivial nature, has been made against the resident surgeon of the Hospital. The enquiry held three days ago has doubtless inspired Mr John Dwyer to complain of what he considers bad treatment by Dr -Morrison. . Yesterday Mr Dwyer stated his grievances to two members of the committee, Messrs L Phillips and P. Pap»n hagen, and these were to the effect, that he had been ejected from the institution one morning at half-past 1 o’clock. The facts of the case appear to be all in favor of the resident surgeon. Dwyer, who is a big, strong individual, had been an inmate of the Hospital for about six weeks, suffering from a disease of the gums, and On the morning of the 14th June, he created a disturbance in No. 9 ward, where he was located. The doctor was Called in, and to maintain the dh-cipline of the institution, was forced to discharge him at once. The ex-patient com plains that the hall-porter was called in to look after him, bat the resident surgeon states that this was done while he went away to telephone for the police, a course which would have been followed but that Dwyer left the Hospital. As the latter had no money, Dr Morrison gave him sufficient out of his own pocket to pay for his bed and extras at an hotel. ' The whole affair hap pened over a month since, and would pro bably have not been made public in any way but for the late enquiry regarding other complaints, A Warden’s Court is to be held at Meredith > n Ist August (writes our Melbourne corres pondent) for the purpose of hearing applica tions from Messrs Moore aud Cos., the pro moters of a syndicate to work alleged rich gold discoveries on private land at Staugh ton Vale, The applications are opposed by the proprietor of the land, Mr Staughton. A meeting of the executive committee of the A.M.A. of Victoria was bald yesterday afternoon at the Trades’ Hall, when there were present—The president (Mr Hunter) in the chair. Vice-president Williams, Ex president T. H. Lawn, Secretary Sainsbury, Treasurer Sampson, Trustees R. Smith, Angwin, and Bath; and the following other delegates:—Stawell, Mr Eggleston; Cres wick, Mr T. W. Toole; Diylesford, Mr T. Wagstaff; Curisbronk and Majorca, Mr J. Herd; Ballarat, Mr T. Porter; Malmsbnry, Mr Lambert; Bendigo, Messrs Sbeppard and Praed; Egerton and Gordon, Mr W. T. Edmund-; Dunolly, Mr T. Barber; Talbot and Avoca, Mr J.- Bullock; St. Arnuud,- Mr J. F-Kenny. Apologies were, received for the absence of the delegates from the Chil tern, Castlemaiue, and Maldon- branches; Messrs A. W. Hunter, president, and W. Williams, vice president, the delegates ap pointed to visit Mount Zeehan,Tasmania, and to report in regard to the strike, submitted an exhaustive report in reference to the pre sent position of affairs. The report con cluded:—“As regards the chance of the men maintaining their position, your delegates on this question are most sanguine of results, backed by a wide margin of sympathy from all sections of the community, by a liberal and honest press, strengthened by the sup port (which we recommend) of the A.M.A, the Zeehan branch will fight a just and honorable battle, and in winning prove the usefulness and stability of the A.M.A.” The president also reported verbally that if the present trouble was satisfactorily got over, the Tasmanian miners intended to do all they could to unite and form a separate district. The report was adopted with the elimination of the recommendation of support, in order that this matter might be fully discussed. The mover and Ssonder, Messrs T. P->rter and R. Smith, referred to the excellent work done by the delegates in Tasmania, and a vote of thanks to them was unani mously passed. A lengthy discussion took place in regard to the question of according support, and it was finally decided on the motion of Mr- Sampson that the sum of £2OO be forwarded at once to Mount Zeehan, and that a levy of 3d per member per week be struck throughout the Victorian district of the A.M.A, The meeting adjourned until 10 o’clock this morning. Early yesterday morning the individual who for some uighta past has been roaming, attired in a white costume, through the central thoroughfares of Soldiers Hill, nar rowly escaped meeting with a tragic end. As Mr A. Craddock was proceeding home wards shortly before 1 'o'clock yesterday morning he encountered his “ghoatahip” in Lydiard street, near the North Star hotel. The individual, robed in white, who moved noiselessly along, made two or three somer saults before Mr Craddock, and then went through what military men would term “ extension movements.” A shrill whistle was next heard, and then the “ ghost” made a rush at the affrighted pedes trian, who, in self-defence, drew from his pocket a large tobacco knife, with when he made a thrast at the supposed apparition. Seeing that Mr Craddock was determined to beat him off in a practical manner, the “ ghost” made off in the dark ness, pursued by Craddock. -After a smart run, the supposed “ ghost” sprang over a fence, and was lost to view. 'Mr Craddock, who is a member of the Ballarat Militia, subsequently called at the City Police Camp, and meeting with the- officer in charge there, he enquired, “ If I were to see a ghost, would I be justified in shooting him?” The officer replied—“ That’s for a judge and jury to decide. A ghost, yon knnw, is formed of vapor, and therefore you could not kill it. If you fired, and the ghost happened to be a man and you killed him, you would be tried for murder." This explanation satis fi-d Craddock who left the camp vowing that he would procure a stout cudgel, follow up the perpetrator of the practical joke and give him a sound flagellation. The serious ness of the affair has been seen by Serjeant Murphy, who last night sent out on special duty a number of plainclothes constables with a view of apprehending the foolish indivi dual, whose pranks have already been at tended by sad results. A number of females have been greatly scared by meeting the supposed ghost, and one young man, it is stated, was so the erratic move ments of the rascal that on reaching home he took a fit from the effects of which he has not yet recovered. It is rumored that Mr J. Reade, assistant stationmaster at Ballarat West, is to be ap pointed to the charged of. the Warruambool -station, and that bis-place will be filled by Mr Herriot,-sub-inspector of telegraphs in connection with the railways, and who has, it is stated, been promoted to the position of stationmaster. Nothing is known of these rumored changes at the Ballarat West station. Thanks to the alertness of Constable ! M’Eenzie, the police officer in charge of the Western Railway Station, what might have proved a fatality was prevented last night, when a naan - in an inebriated condition rushed on to the platform as the Mel bourne train had started on its j«nrney, and shouting “ I want to go to Gordons,” made a dash at one of the carriage doors. By this time the train was in full motion, and the stupid fellow was thrown violently back. He was only saved from falling on to the rails by the constable named, who caught him by the foot and dragged him oat of danger. For the man’s own safety th’ constable lodged him in the lock-np on a charge of drunkenness. Avery large and influential meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr E. Stein feld, one of the candidates for the Welling ton Province of the Legislative Council, was held last night, in the Free Library, Barkly. street. The meeting was 'very enthusiastic, and several apologies, were received .from a number of prominent electors; Mr James' Lonie occupied the chair. The chairman, in his opening speech, remarked that the large attendance augured well for the future suc cess of the candidate, and he believed Mr Steinfeld would be returned by a large majority. The candidate, who was met with loud applause, referred to his long connection with the commercial and mining interests, as well as municipal affairs in this district. He stated that he had time at his disposal to attend to the interests of the electorate, and if elected the requirements of the province and the colony in general would receive his earnest attention, Mr E. W. 6. Chamberlain moved—“ That Mr Steinfeld has our sincere and hearty support, and that we do all in our power to secure his return to the Legis lative Council.” The mover remarked that he was' pleased to see so many old identities at the meeting that evening. He had known Mr Steinfeld for upwards of 30 years, and had always found him a gentleman, ready and willing to further the interests of Bal larat and its surrounding districts. Mr J. R. Elsworth' seconded the resolution, and stated . that Mr Steinfeld’s extensive knowledge would be an acquisition to the Legislative Council. The large commercial experience gained, by . him during his long business career, as wall as the knowledge gained by his extensive travels throughout Europe aud America, would enable himto frame better laws dealing with the financial institutions of the colony than we are accus tomed to. Messrs J. Roff and Goddard supported the resolution, which was carried unanimously amidst loud and continuous ap plause. MrJ. W. Lartermoved—“Thatthose present form themselves into a committee to'secure the return of Mr Steinfeld to the Legislative Council.” This was seconded by Mr R. Llewellyn, contractor, and also carried unanimously. The following were appointed an executive committee:—Messrs J. R. Elsworth, E. W. G. Chamberlain, R- Llewellyn, L. L. Roberts, Geo. Tippett, J. W. barter, D. Martin, W. H. Matthews, J. Phillips, John Heinz. R. M'Gregor, VV. Goddard, J". Rnff, J. Ready, W. Flegeltaub, J. MTntyre, W. Webster, H. S. Simmons, J. S. Vickery, H. Jenkins, J. Maher, W. Trotman, W. Feary, A. Gray, J. Trethowan, R. Hyland, and J. Brown. Messrs Elsworth and Chamberlain were appointed vice-chair men, A vote of thanks to the chair termi nated a very successful meeting. A deputation from Ballarat and Creswick waited upon the Minister of Lands yester day to ask that 200 acres of worked nut auriferous land near Creswick might be set apart for a village 'settlement on co-opera tive principles. .Mr M’Lean suggested that amendments might-' be'made in the Village Settlements Bill now before Parliament to permit of selection on the co-operative prin ciple. Further particulars will be found in our Melbourne letter. Some undesirable characters are at present visiting Ballarat East, and it would be well for householders to be on their guard. One of the fraternity while engaged in removing a valuable canary arid cage, which was hang ing in front of Mr J. B. Johns’ residence in East street, was fortunately observed by a young lady living opposite, who called out to him. The individual immediately ran off, leaving the bird and cage on the footpath. The following letter was : read at the meeting of the A.M.A. of Victoria held yesterday afternoon:—“A.M.A. of Austral asia. Broken Hill,’ 20th June, 1892. E. Sainsbury, E«q , Secretary No. 1 District A.M.A.—Dear Sir, —T"ur favor, dated 11th June, to hand, notifying the intention'of your district to withdraw from the A.M.A. Allow me to point out that under existing circumstances that withdrawal cannot be accepted. In the first place, your district is in arrears in contribution, as you will clearly see by referring to the general rules, and; in ' the "second place, no provision is made for districts withdrawing. Under those conditions it is only .reasonable to suppose that the same conditions would apply to districts withdrawing as apply to districts joining. Your communication will, therefore, be laid before the first meeting of the chief council, and in the meantime I would thank you to forward the arrears of dues owing by your district.—l am, yours, in unity, R. SlbatH, Secretary Central Council.” There was some discussion on the matter, and it was resolved that no action be taken. The local option Arbitration Court re sumed its sittings at the Supreme Court yes : terday. The evidence in connection with the Market and Pioneer hotels was taken, and the case of the licensee of the Pavijion hotel, Eastern Ova), was partially heard. The court will sit again at 10 o’clock this morning,'when the case of the lastriiamed hotel will be concluded, after which that of the Countess hotel will be taken. A report of yesterday’s proceedings appears in an other column of to-day’s Star. A meeting of citizens was held yesterday afternoon at Craig’s hotel, in order to make arrangements for the return ball to Mayor Shoppoe. Lieut.-Col. Greenfield occupied the chair, ami there were about 40 gentlemen present. It was decided that Colonel Green field be appointed permanent chairman. The following gentlemen -were’also elected an executive committee ;—Messrs Bechervaise, Nevett, Fitzgerald, Smyth, Corbett, Brophy, Bentley, Salter, Niohol, Retallack, AUender, King, Bhllikuspo, Davie, and T. J. Smith. Messrs G. Ruffle and E. P. Wynne were appointed joint secretaries. The opinion was expressed that the ball should, if pos sible, be held on a Wednesday, and a depu tation was appointed to consult with the mayor and fix the date. At the Warden’s Conrt yesterday, before Mr Warden Foster. P.M., a number of miners sought an order asking for the for feiture of the quartz claim known as miuing tenement 802, Buninyong division, and re questing to be pot in possession of the said claim, or of such portion thereof as they might be entitled to hold under their miner’s rights. As the defendant offered no objec tion, the application was granted. The remains of the late Edmund Uren were brought to Ballarat yesterday from Dandenong for interment. Mr Uren came to the colony 37 years ago, and was well known in mining circles, especially in the Buninyong district, where he principally resided. About seven years ago he removed to Dandenong, where his family still live. For some time past his health has been de- clining, and his once robust body became reduced to a mere shadow of his former self, the complaint from which he died being con- sumption. Some valuable specimens in the School of Mines museum bear his name as the donor. During his last illness Mr Uren received many kindnesses from neighbors and friends, for which his relatives expressed gratitude. He leaves a wife and a family of four grown-up children to mourn his loss. The funeral was well attended, amongst those who joined in the cortege being many who were associated with the deceased in the fifties. The Rev. C. Lancaster officiated at the grave. The remains were interred in the Old Cemetery. Messrs J. Hosking, P. Blyth, H. Johns, and S. Mitchell acted as coffin-bearers, and Crs P. Hedrick, T. Caffery, H. M. Greaves, J. P. Wilson, G. Whykes, E. Bradshaw, C. Milner, and Thomas as pall-bearers.- Mr C. Morris con- ducted the funeral arrangements. Another case of diphtheria was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, the patient being a child five years of age, a sister of the young woman admitted ou the previous day. The fortnightly meeting of the City branch A.N.A. was held last night; the president, Mr J. H. James, occupied the chair. The half yearly report of the Sandhurst • branch was received, and showed that body to be in a flourishing condition. Messrs W. Dongan and A. Coward were elected benefit members. Five new propositions were re ceived, Accounts amounting ,to £l7 3s 94 were passed for payment. A'snm of £1 Is was voted from the emergency land to assist a member of the Richmond branch, who is in distressed circumstances. The committee were alio requested to enquire into the case or a member of the branch who is in bad circumstances, with a view to rendering him immediate assistance. The report of the committee with reference to the social was adopted; the price of tickets has been fixed at .7* 6d double tickets, 5i single tickets, and 2s 6(1 extra Indy’s ticket. A first-class bind will be engaged, and the catering will have special attention. The date has been left to the social com mittee to fix, and will probably be about the middle of August,. It was decided to sup port the Australian Productions League in their objects, and should a branch be formed in Ballarat, every effort will be made to in duce members to join it. Mr Heaney de clined to deliver his address ou account of the small attendance of members, and it was decided, to take the item at some future meeting. Mr G. Ewin gave notice of motion for next meeting—“ That this branch take into consideration the question of the sub division of the mallee land from grazing areas into allotments for cultivation,” The trea surer reported receipts for the fortnight to. be.£B2Us. . . .. . ... ... The condition of Mr W. Angus, of whose illness we made mention a few days ago, was last night very low, and his medical adviser. Dr Pinnock, gave up all hope of his recovery, Mr Angus’ sons, who «ro in various parts of the colony, have been sum moned to return home, as his death was at the time of enquiry hourly expected, A number of influential gentlemen havei daring the past few days, interested them selves in endeavoring to have the services ol Mr Joy, of the local Lands Office, retained. Yesterday a petition was extensively signed in the city, praying for his retention. This will be forwarded to Mr J. VV. Kirtnn, M.L.A., to-day, and by him presented to the Minister for Lands. An old offiender named Janet Geddes was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday with vagrancy. From the evidence .given by Plainclothes-Constable M’Pherson and Constable' Curtain it .. appears. 1 that the woman, had been a great nuisance about the streets. She had called on Mr Martin Husking, the Town mission ary, and had received assistance from him, and afterwards returned to the house and became abusive. The bench sentenced her to three months’ imprisonment. One in ebriate was - discharged. A- young man, charged with using obscene language, was sentenced to five hours’ imprisonment. , The accused appealed piteously to the magis trates to deal leuieotly with him, as he wished to return home to his wife, whom, he said, was very ill. Messrs Miller and King, J’e.P., were the presiding magis trates. At the meeting of the local Painters’ Union, held at the Trades’ Hall last night, Messrs E. Meagher and J. Robinson were appointed to represent that body on the Trades and Labor Council. Amongst other business transacted was the carrying of a resolution of sympathy with the Broken Hill miners in their efforts to uphold the principles of unionism. The unanimity that has characterised the valuation and evidence generally of Mr J. W. Rail and Mr J. J. Brnkenshire in con nection with the proceedings at the Arbitra tion Court wan dispelled yesterday for the first time since the court opened. Mr Brokenshire agreed with the valuation of the publican party, and considered that the capital value of the Market hotel should be based upon a 15 years’ basis, whereas his colleague (Mr Rail) contended that as the hotel was not a distinct building, but a por tion of the market buildings, a 12J years’ purchase was sufficient to allow. It is almost needless to state that in this case the Crown tendered the evidence of the last named gentleman. The third of the university extension lec tures (being the second lecture of the first course) will be delivered by Professor Spencer in the Mining Exchange this even ing. ' The subject for to-night is “ Liud and Fresh Water Invertebrate Animate found in Australia.” Amongst these are animals of great importance to the national welfare. At thia and all subsequent lectures the lan tern will be used, together with drawings, for the purposes of illustration. Mr Stoughton will on Tuesday next ask the Minister of Railways is the statement contained in the Age of the 15th ultimo, that—•“ One of the chief consideratione which influenced the Acting Railway Commis sioners towards the decision to transfer the Adelaide express from one line to the. other was the dangerous character of the direct mute and the liability to accident,” pub lished with the authority of the Acting Rail ways Commissioners; and, if not, will the department issue an authoritative denial to the rumors of insecurity which have been so assiduously circulated. At the close of the m»eting nf St. John’s Literary Union en Tuesday, ttie Rev. Canon Mercer made a farewell speech to the .m.einbera. He stated that in retiring from the incumbency he likewise relinquished the presidency nf the union. He expressed the warmest feeling of regard and belief in its great future usefulness. Genuine regret was expressed by Messrs Jones and Wollaston at the canon’s determination, and both speakers stated that this feeliog was uni versal. There was a blank charge-sheet at the City Police Court yesterday. Messrs Fitz gerald, Shaw, Greenfield, and Talent were the magistrates who attended. The Ballarat Liedertafel Cinderella bill will be held this evening, and promises to be a most successful gathering. The decora tions which were used for the Mayor’s ball will still ornament the building. The Lieder tafel, who have been in active rehearsal, will give selections from the opera “ Lucia di Lammermnor,” S'gnorina Rebnttara taking the character part. Dancing will commence at 9 30. At a small meeting of the Tinsmiths and Japanners’ Society, held at the Trades' Hall last night, it ivas unanimously decided to disband. This action was decided upon in consequence of the falling-off of members and the want of interest that has of late been shown in the welfare of the organisa tion. The remains nf the late Miss Gertrude Preston, who died, after a lingering illness, on Monday night, were yesterday morning interred in the Ballarat New Cemetery. The funeral was of a private character, and was attended only by the deceased’s relatives, by whom the coffin was borne to the grave. The burial service was conducted by Arch deacon Green in a very impressive manner. The deceased young lady was, until the time of her illness, a pupil teacher at the Mao arthur street S’ate eehonl. where aha was riot only very popular amongst herfellow teachers, but a general favorite with the little ones. The teachers and scholars yesterday pur chased a very costly wreath, which was sub sequently placed upon the newly- made grave. Mr W. M. K. Vale, arbitrator for the Crown in the Local Option compensation court, announced -yesterday that ns there was no arbitrator for the owner and licensee of the North Star hotel he would sit at 9 o’clock on Saturday morning and hear the evidence in connection with that hotel. An entertainment in aid of the Women’s Christian Temperance Union rooms was given last night, in the Manchester Unity Hall, Grenville street. The programme, which was provided by the Town Mission choir and elocution class, consisted nf solos hy Mrs Cameron, Misses M. Tremhalh, Furlong,. Andrews, and Mr Brown; choruses by the choir; recitations by Miss A. Trem bath and Mows W. Smith and A. Wesley. A dialogue, “ Taming a lion,” was well rendered by the elocution class. Mr Parnell presided, and there was a good attendance nf the public. Ths annual meeting of governors and con tributors to the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum will be held in the Benevolent Asylnm Boardroom on Thursday, 28th inst., at. 8 p.m., when the annual election of officers, &c.;, will take place. Nominations for any of the vacant offices must be for warded to the secretary, at his office, at the Orphan Asylum, on nr before Tuesday, 26th July, not later than 8 p.m. The' members of the Local Presbyterian Fellowship Union last night conducted a very successful evangelistic service in Scots Presbyterian schoolroom, Soldiers Hill. The service, which was largely attended, was under the presidency of Mr R. Thompson, by whom a stirring address was given from the words “Come unto Me.” Impressive addresses were also delivered by Messrs Johnson and Menzies. The singing of ap propriate hymns was led by MissL. Kiel, who presided at the organ. There will be another service to-night. A Revision Court will be held at the Court-house, Ballarat, on Tuea'day, 2nd August, at 11 a.m-, for the purpose of re vising the eupplementary lists for the Ballarat VVest, Buogaree West, and Black Hill divi sions of the Electoral District of Ballarat West. The wet weather was the cause of a small attendance of St. John’s Literary Union ou Tuesday night. The award in the essay competition, “ Books—their use and abuse,” was forwarded by Mr.E. P. Date, the ad indicator Miss E Ele.noT^^T 1 prize 10 the senior division, be,i.„ h th * the value of 10s 6d, and Mr H 4h?M 0ol “ to the junior prize.’ or 5, worth Canon Mercer, the president warml k '- ? r.tuUtod the winner., and intention of eiviuc an addin,.- i.“ mi U,H. Sheldon. wa. passed to Mr Date for his kindn,? ' noting as judge. It was resolved to pnzes for the winners of the spelling b ' next meeting. v n S bee at At a meeting of the committee of th Bungsree, &c.; p toughing match, held AS* Leigh Creek hotel on Mondavi* • Mr J. J-. Walsh K mously decided to hold this year’s ln .,T“'’ Mr Thos. Neville’s farm. o„ s!“* ,«• . Hl ‘l TV."* T l,arad, 'y. 18th August o 8 land (stubble) ,s a splendid piece of oo only about seven miles from Ballarat . ??’ considered admirably adapted for a’ili.ai of champion ploughing. The thanks ,f P f 7 committee were accorded to Mr Nevill t so kindly giving the use of his U nd f„ purposes of the match. . lor t ‘ le On Tuesday next Mr Starry will ait .. Minister of Public Instruction whether . ing that there’ are teachers in the "*• u F HU their allowance 9 although not 30 years in the service or ’ age, h» will taka steps to amend the *"!! admit of such retirements taking place The annual meeting for the puroce .f electing a oommittee for the Linton hr“ .a of the Springdallah and Linton relief f„ s was (writes our correspondent) held i„ ,v“ Shire Hall on Tuesday, the 19th lust Thos. Wise occupied the chair. The balanc sheet for the year ending 30th June ISM and auditors report were read and of, and Will be formally passed at the joint committee meeting of the society u" Shepherd moved, and Mr Fraser seconded “That the best thanks of the me ,T ing .be recorded to Messrs Nichbl.i Edwards and Edward Keys, whs ha” left the district, for their va | a ,h|! services.” A vote of thanks was «l Bl> nn .mously. passed, to the whole of the tetirinv oommittee. The following gentlemen then appointed a oommittee for the emuinv 12 months, viz., Messrs J. Shepherd JR 8 Graham. J. C. Fraser, P. O'Sullivan, Vd Thos. Kennedy. A vote of thanks to the auditors and chairman concluded the bnii ness, and when rising the newly-el-cted' members expressed a hope that the public would render the same valuable assistance ns had hitherto been given the above worth* institution. ■ At the recent examination for admUiiog to second -year’s course of training, Min Bessie Mercer and Miss Emily Blamirt both of Linton, were two of the Bucceaafof candidates. A peculiar experience occurred Is the passengers going to Stawell in the train which left Ararat.at 9.20 a.m on Tcesihw (says the Ararat Chronicle). When within a mile or so of Stawell a dense smoke wu observed to be issuing from one of the closed luggage vans, and it became evident that the contents of the truck were on fire. Some alarm was felt by the passengers who were aware of the circumstances, but no panic occurred, and it was not long blare the train pulled up at the Stawell platform. Here the hoses were brought inio play, and the fire was speedily extinguished without doing more damage than consuming a quan tity of drapery goods, boots, &c.;, contained in the van. It is supposed to be a case of spontaneous combustion. A cablegram from London conveys the important information that the Emperor of Germany lias killed a whale in the Northern Seas. The chronicler is silent as to whether it was captured by meana of salt, or the prosaic harpoou was used. Owing to the prevailing depression seri ously affecting business in Sydney (says the Age) the Tramway and Omnibus Company have found it necessary to curtail their ex penditure, and it has been decided that the wages of all men receiving above £2 pet week will have to suffer a reduction if the men now employed are to retain their paeitiooi. The salaries of the higher officers will alio be reduced. An endeavor will be made to reduce the company’s plant, and as no addi tional ’buses will be required the manufac turing shops will be closed. This will throw a number of men,out nf.work. The employe - ! have perforce decided to accept the propoied reductions. Prior Butler, superior of the Canneiitsi, arrived at Sydney on Tuesday from San Francisco, after 17 months’ absence. He leaves for Melbourne on Friday. Fifteen building societies were registered during the year 1891. This is the greatest number registered since 1875, in which year the Building Societies Act 1874 esmeioto operation. The. new societies were all formed on the Starr-Bowkett principle. Between 8 and 9 o’clock on Tuesday even ing a terribly sudden death occurred in Mitchell street, Bendigo (says the deter tiser), the victim being a young girl named Sarah Cook, a daughter of Mr Robert Cook) the well-known eogiuedriver no ths Vic torian railways. With a friend, .Miss Carrie Quick, the deceased was just on the point of entering Mr Romer's fancy gonda shop, when she suddenly fell down on ths footpath and -expired. In divorce pp c-edings taken in Tasmania, the evidence showed that tiie husband had held his wife’s hands in h oling water for some time, and had also ill-used their child. Separation was granted. Mrs Beaton, 83 years of age, was burnt to death at Moorimpna on Tuesday, ShewM living in a house at the rear of her son a re!l * denoe, and it appears from the position in which she was found that she roust Imvefae.o in the act nf preparing food in the fiteph* and probably fell down in a fir, as the bo } lay across the left hob, the right arm being raised as if in the attempt to get away fn® the fire. Last week a little girl named Lntti- Ccouch died suddenly at Parramatta, an a the inquest the jury expressed an opinion that the child’s death hail been hastened!)? excessive study. The extra work was nn i taken by the child herself, and not pre scribed by the teachers. The estimated population of Australia at the end of June was , I males and 21,677 females, or » total » 55.864. The birth- during thequwW bered 483, the arrival- 2011, the death*-W. and the departures 679, the uet gai 1532\. ' , Senior Warder Nesbitt, of Herrimr N.S.W., was on Monday night Bt ' ,bbe^, 1() ;j visiting a prisoner, a shoe ,niLker > 1., doing four years. The man used. f maker’s knife, and inflicted a ' er \\. . j.» wound behind the shoulder while ri wus stooping, - During the six months ended “j 382 Chinese arrived in VmtePa, number of departures was -69- 0 Dl ta- It is stated that fully ome-ten , . ralised Chine-e. who w»re returniu o colony after visits to China. Reciprocal arrangements have been m into between the Victorian am 1 0 ( land Governments hr the protects patents taken out iu either colony. 