CIIA.PTER IIP Professor Wayne looked—and re coiled. The inky darkness of the night had1 passed away. A weak, watery moon shone down 'into the glade, and tinged with a grey ashen pallor the trunks of the adjacent trees. In the centre of the dear ing sat a female figure upon a little hill; and this figure, from time to time, rocked itself despairingly to and fro, and wept copiously after the manner of females who don’t quite know where they are. The woman was elderly, with an enormous nose, and tangled grey hair which had escaped from its fastenings and floated out from her shoulders in snaky coils. Her eyes were red and in flamed ; she looked broken, bunt, sub dued, and utterly crashed ; one of her shoes had burst at the point and her: toes stuck out. Her costume, battered and tom by the bush, was muddy and' disarranged. From time to time she angrily brushed away clouds of mos quitoes. Tbe repeated attacks of these irritating insects had ail been centred on her nose, which tow was truly of Brob dignagian proportions. The Professor could not restrain an exclamation of pity, as he gazed on this utterly forlorn aid; woebegone woniau. Then she began ti> speak. Which was nnwise. j “Ah-h,” she erjed, rocking herself to and fro. “Ah-i ! it’s all my fault. What did I want (to aggravate him for ? ’ The Professor was moved to pity. “ Most likely he’s dead by this time, r^nd I’ll never g<t another husband— , never!" “ That is extremely probable, should any aspiring candidate For the post know as much about you as I do,” muttered the Professor angrily. “ I —I call it indecent.” “Hush-h-h !”said Mirandy. ‘’Listen The woman caBt up her eyes mourn fully to the surrounding tree tops. “ Here am I,” she said, “lost in the bush. I’ni tired, hungry, footsore. What’s to become of me ?' Nobody answered this very natural encpiiry. “And he was fond of me once. Never cast my nose in my teeth, like the others did.” “ It would have !bccn a physical im possibility,” said the Professor, as he contemplated the abnormal size of that more than sufficiently prominent feature, “ Why didn’t he bully me ?” she wailed. “ Why didn't he thrash me as I deserved ? Why did ho go away and leave me a lonely widow 1 I know he meant to kill himself.” “ Fudge 1” said the Professor, “ I didn’t mean to do anything of the sort.”. “And I was so proud of him,” sobbed Mrs Wayne, to the pitiless moon. “So proud of him, though I didn’t dare to let him sec it. I never met a mail of his size who could use such big words, and lie was the only man who ventured to take me out sleigh-driving when I was a girl.” “ It - it was a bold thing to do, said tlio Profc--or, in a pleased whisper. “ And what I’ll do without him to worry at, I don’t know,” deplored Mrs Wayne, with a fresh outburst. “ lie was such a lamb.” Gratifying, very,” remarked the Professor. “ I haven’t had anything to cat for hours, and I can’t get out.” She looked round. “ Seems to me. I can smell meat somewhere. P'raps it’s Indians. I—I don’t care. I’ll club the lot. T’raps they’ve eaten him—the poor Iamb ! ” She lifted a big sapling from tiic ground, and prepared to set forth on her I errand of destruction. “ Noble woman ! ” said the Pro fessor, his heart swelling with pride. “ I'd like to see the Indians who’d stand up against her. She’d clear out the camp.” Mirandy laughed silently, as the Pro fessor advanced towards his wife, plate in hand. “ Sophrouisba,” he. said majestically, “ I bring you food.” Soplironisba screamed, and let fall her chib. “It’s you, is it?” she said ungraciously. “ Put it down. I thought you’d be somewhere about here.” The Professor reflected that she was only dissembling her joy with an out ward show of indifference. “ Yes,” he said, “it is I,” and put the plate by her side. For some minutes the Professor a fleeted to be scrutinising the surround ing scenery. When lie again faced his wife, the platter wa3 empty. “ Help me up,” sho said sternly. “ P111 going home. I’ve had enough of this foolish The Professor did not stir. “ Good night,” he said coldly. Mrs Wayne sat down on the ground with startling suddenness. ‘ “ I give in,” she said. The Professor again assisted her to rise. “ Pardon me if I don’t quite under stand you. We had a little difference of opinion- this inorniug. I think we may take it as arranged. If not-” “ If not ?’’ “ Hero you slop,” and he moved to wards the shadowy trees. Mrs Wayne’s heart quailed. She could stand death, but she wa3 afraid of ghosts. The spirits of dead tree3 had haunted her for hours past. “ You misunderstood me,” she said. “ 1—I came after you to explain.” “ And Fraser goes back to town to morrow ?" “ Yc-cs,” very reluctantly. T he Professor turned upon her fiercely. “ Woman,” lie said, “ L will not ex tort anything from your fears. Years ago I loved yon—years ago ; anil-now, we, husband and wife, have trodden different ways, sundered, drifted apart, quarreling, and bickering, and hiding our chains out of sight. God knows ii has not been my fault. IIarc I ever denied you anything? Have I ever doubted or mistrusted you ? And now —aud now,” his voice rang ont in bitter scorn and anguish, “you want to sell our daughter to that hoary old million aire, and blight her yoiuig life as you have blighted mine.” She knelt at his feet. He pul his hands before him with a gesture of abhorrence, as if to shut her out from his “ And wc ~oncc loved,” he said. “ Loved ! Can you imagine it ? I was to become famous, you were to help me. Wc were to go through life hand, in hand. Have wc done so ?” She made no answer. Only crouched still lowcr at his feet, as if to hide her face from his sad, accusing eyes. “ Why should 1 appeal to you ?” he said, “ why ? Come, we w.U go back to the old slavery, the old quarrels, the old bitterness, till death do us f art. Break Cynthia’s heart, break mine. It doesn’t matter. Yon have already ruined our lives. Come!” But Mrs Wayne, weeping, clung to his kuecs and begged for pardon. She humbled her pride in the dust, and there in the shadows cast by the pines, with the moonlight streaming down upon them ; there, amid the hush of the dewy nigiit, husband and wife came together again. Torn, dusty, dishevelled, dis figured, they were indeed unsightly ; hut there was that within their hearts which banished all thoughts of mundane things. Gone Tor over the tyranny of the past; vanished nil doubt, suspicion, distrust. Great Mother Nature had taken them to her heart and healed them with her magic touch. The Professor opened his arms, and Mrs VYayne sank wearily upon his shoulder. Then she came back to everyday life. “ How are wo going to get out of this ?” she asked, in her enstomary keen tones. “ Follow me,” replied the Professor; and she followed meekly, as befittetb one who recognises the superiority 0f \- her lord and master. Mirandy led them whatappeared to be many weary miles before they reached the spot where the Professor had starte i in the morning. Then she disappeared, and the Professor an I his wife sneaked up to their rootn3 without attracting observation, When the Professor came ilown stairs again, his first impulse was to find Cynthia an 1 tell her all about the (lay’s adventures. He discovered her watch ing for him on the verandah. Cynthia did not appear to be at all anxious, but looked charmingly cool an l composed. “ Sit down, papa,” she said, as she rocked idly to and fro. The Professor was hurt. “ Aren’t you just a little hit unfeeling, Cynthia ?” lie enquired. “ We might have been murdered, and yet you sit there with a book in your lap, as cool as a cucumber.” Cynthia laughed. “ Reckon you ain’t no Sunday school slouch from the Four Corners,” was all she said. The Professor staggered back against the house. “ Miranda !” he cried. “ Yes, dail,” answered Cynthia demurely. “ 1 wasn’t going to let yon old people lose yourselves, so l dressed up and eamc after yon ” “ Yon !” said tlic Professor, “you!” “ Yes, dad. The bush is only five miles aeross, and you and mn have been going in a circle for hours. I knew every inch of it. It’s done mother good. Dad, if you ever betray me. I’ll-” “ What ?” asked the Professor. “Plugyer,” said Cynthia. Then she Hung her arms round the Professor’s neck and kissed him softly. “ Is—it all right now, dad ?” she asked. “Yes,” said the Professor. “Ylenee forlh I mean to assert-” “ Pro-fcss-or-r !” called, a well-known voice. “Come in to supper!” And they went in. 