"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION !” Now, which is the worse—to have no appe tite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite? There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When “ good digestion waits on appetite and health on both,” that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. Rut most of uh are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appetite, nr a vigorous appe tite without enough to satisfy it. different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within rea sonable limits; it is better to have an appe tite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to cat and doesn’t feel like eating, stands in need of “ alterations and repairs.” To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the writer says, “I was afraid to eat.” Did he fancy his fond was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says: —‘In the year ISS9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman 12 months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did uot feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that the ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavor; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dink line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appe tite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wthd. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls “ a pricking sensation ” at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times ho was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. “ I dreaded,” he says, “ the thought of eat ing, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat." “After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, amt felt miserahle, as if something waS going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.” What he means by the fear of “ some thing going to happen,” is, of course, the far of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or. the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as ha intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life hearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungorerued imagination. “With great difficulty,” he says, “I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. Sol struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. lam sure no one has suffered so much as 1 have done ” In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One’s own p»in is one’s own, and is always harder to bear than is one’s notion of his neighbor's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don’t happen to toms in touch with • them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his own having bren cured by Mother Sviget’s Syrup. “My wife,” he say-, “ got me a bottle at Mr LangstafFe, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me ami has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Rail way Company for eleven years. (Signed) “Gkorgb Bust, “ Car Bottom Rond, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.” We publish this by Mr Hunt’s desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. With all India, all Australasia, the Cape, and large patches everywhere of Africa, with the vast Dominion of Canada, and ‘ all the isles of the sea ’ —with the print of Britain on all these lands—the map of the world shows the British Empire for what it is to day, the greatest that the world has ever seen. —Saturday Review. Dr Friedrich Hermann, who died recently at Heidelberg, was for 40 years surgeon to the university students, and almost daily was patch ing up the wounds of duellists. He is said to have been present at 30,000 duels. 