IN THE CEDAR CHAM BER. It would be almost impossible to discover Anyone more entirely devoid of superstition than myself. But when I was seventeen years old an event happened which caused me to . believe mine a haunted life. I was staying at Paris in the house of my guardian, Mr. Charles, and dressing for my first ball at the English embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian taste, had been fastened, and I stood before the glass while the maid arranged the flowers in my hair. A splendid bouquet lay beside my gloves and fan on the table. " Ah, now mademoiselle is beautiful !" J us- tine exclaimed in French, as she stepped back to survey her work. I blushed with pleasure. It was the first compliment that had been paid me, and my glass told me that it was true. "I wonder who sent me these flowers ?" I aid, taking up the bouquet preparatory to leaving the room. . "Mademoiselle will doubtless discover her admirer among her partners to-night," was the reply. At this moment there was a knock at the door. A telegram was handed to me. V Mrs. Northcote is dangerously ill, and ' wishes to see her step- daughter before Bhe dies." ; Startled, dismayed, Ipb beyond all measure vexed at receiving such an untimely mes sage, I dropped the paper upon the floor. " Bring me a railway' guide — quick !" I said to Justine. ..Mrs. Northcote was my stepmother, but we had never met. My father had married in. India, taking an half-caste for his second wife, and when he died he left to his widow, for her life, the old family estate at Crowsnest, to , which he had only just succeeded. Iiound by the railway guide that if I changed my dress with speed I could catch the last train that night from Paris. By noon, next day I Bhould reach Dashire, in which Crows- neat is situated. "Justine," I cried excitedly, "bring my travelling dress. You must go with me to night to England." " MonDieu , mademoiselle! would you take off that ravishing dress that suits you to such marvel. Would you give up the bail?" Once more I looked at my reflection in the v glass, then took up the time- table again. At , nine o'clock next morning there was another 'train. Meditatively I raised the bouquet to my fsee. Who was it said : " The woman who hesitates is lost ?' The sweet perfume of the flowers permeated my senses. Who had sent them to me ? Curio sity prevailed. I would go to the ball and, solve the mystery. Mr. and Mrs. Charles were wailing for me when I went down. I said nothing about the telegram. We entered the coupe and drove at once to the embassy. The ball was a brilliant one, and I was quits intoxicated with the adulation I received. " The new debutante !" was on everybody' li>s. The night was half over before I even re membered that I had not discovered the sender of my beautiful bouquet. " Of what were you thinking so profoundly, Miss Northcjte ?" asked a gentleman in a way that made me start. The speaker was Mr. Weston. He had been -introduced to me a few days before at my guar dian's house. " I was thinking of the sender of tliee lovely flowers, and wondering who he is. See, my . name, ' Nina,' is spelled out in white violets," and I held the bouquet toward, him. Y "1 hope you were thinking kindly of the do- , nor." "Indeed I was." "Thank you. Will you always so think of him — of me ?" ' My surprise took away my breath. Besides ; his manner embarrassed me. It inferred much i . more than the words. I danced with him more V frequently than with any one else, arid v found a new and strange attraction in his pre- v;:; senco. On returning from the ball I told my kind host and hostess of the telegram, and my de termination to. start for England on the mor row. " Yoa might have saved a few hours, dear," she said. "Only a few. And then I might have missed the most delightful experience of my life," I answered fervently. " But it was a case of life and death, my child." she added gently. I answered nothing, for I felt her words were a reproof. My trunks were soon packed by Ju3tine, who was to accompany me. My guardian also in- listed on going with me, and late the next night we were driven through the dark country roads to Crowsnest. A si ately house keeper met ns intlie iiall. "Miss Northcote, you come top late, "she said severely. " My dear mis'reas died rlir-o hours ago. If you had left Paris last night- --'you would have been in time. My lady bad a communication to make to you." ." What was it ?" I asked ' "That no one will ever Know in this world," . was the answer. I was much distressed ; and somehow J 1 felt as though Mrs. 'Stevens was my enemy. My guardian remained till after the funeral. Then, in vain, he urged me to return to Paris. I wished to remain a few weeks longer in the old house, now my own. With the exception of one bedroom, a des cription of CrowsneBt is not nec-ssarv to the de velopment of my tale, but to describe that is imperative. It was 'long and large and the walls were panelled with cedar wood. On the panels hung framed tapestry pictures, the work of past generations of the Northcotes. The ceiling of cedar, with curiously carved rafters, made the walls look even lower tlum they were. A liine- mellowed s-quare of Indian carpet covered the centre of the floor on which stood the bed, raised on a dais. There w- re two windows, that nearest the bed a b .y with diamond panes, the hangings similar to those of the bed. of rich brocade with pink satin linings. On the side of the window neirest the be I was fixed a mo dern gas bracket, which struck me as a strange anomaly amid antique surroundings. It was in this chamber my stepmother died, but not being superstitious, I decided to occupy it ray- . self. No Booner had my guardian left Crowsnest than I told Mrs. Stevens to have the cedar chamber prepared for rne. She looked troubled and . urged various reasous against my occupying it, noue of which appeared to me of any weight. At last- she said, — "It was Mrs. Northcote's wish that that room should not be used. She died in it." " And do you suppose I am so foolish as to be afraid to sleep there on that account ?" " It is not my p-ovince to suppose anything, Miss Northoote. If you had seen my late mis tress before she died she would have given you her reasons herself. As it is — " " As it is, Mrs. Stevens, I am now mistress here, and have set my heart ou that particular room. Have it prepared, please, as I wish to occupy it at once." But as she turned away I caught a particular lcok on her face which perplexed as much as it annoyed me. My -belongings were promptly removed into the coveted room, J ustine occupying a small adjoining dressing- room to which there was no communication. The first night in my new quarters was close and oppressive, and 1 re nembered waking to find the scent of the cedar wood rather over powering. About midnight 1 rose ; threading my way across the floor with difficulty, for the room was almost in total darkness, I opened the nearest window. The next night before J o« line left me, I desired her not to turn the gaa mi. Three nights laterltagsin woke with a ssnse, of languor and oppression. The . gas beside the window gave out a -dim light; beyond it a faint moonbeam slanted across the room in which lay the shadow of a pear tree that grew close to the house. I could trace the shadow of the branches and the leaves, and watched them as they flickered, stirred by the night wind. Keep ing my eyes open in a half sleepy manner, all at once I became conscious of seeing some thing else besides the moonlight and the gas light — something that seemed to be between the two. It was faint and indistinct, certainly, but none the less it resembled a female form. ' The head appeared to rest on the hand, the hair with a ruddy gleam on it floated back on the shoulders. The rest of the figure was lost in darkness. I was sufficiently awake to know it was no freak of fancy, and yet the figure was altogether so faintly defined and vague in de tail that before long I fell asleep and the next morning remembered it as a dream only. The succeeding night, however, I again awoke, and on opening my eyes beheld the self-same figure. But this time it was more clearly visible, especially the face, which, turned toward me, I saw to be that of a very beautiful woman. Moreover, to my unspeakable dismay, I dis covered in it a resemblance to my step-mother, whom I had seen once only, as she lay in her coffin. The sight was the more distressing to me in asmuch as the face wore an expression of sad reproach. Had the spirit of my father's wife returned to earth to upbraid me for not obeying the summons to her dying bed ? In vain I closed my eyes. Whenever I opened them I saw the sweet reproachful face : and it was not until the summer morning dawned that it entirely disappeared and I arose from my bed sad and tired after the night's vigil Twice more the visitation came ; after that, for two or three weeks, the visits ceased ; then were once more resumed. Before I had been two months at Crowsnest all my vaunted courage fled ; and though 1 had spoke of what I had seen to no one, vet I was sensitively conscious that Mrs. Stevens saw something was amiss with me. I was morbidly fearful that she had a suspicion of the cause. I was sure of this when she said one morning — not by any means unkindly — " Justine tells me you have not slept well, Miss Northcote. Do you not find the cedar chamber comfortable?" " Yes, perfectly. I would not change it for anything," T replied. Comfortable with that haunting presence ? I hope I shall be forgiven for the subterfuge ! As to Justine, she'was continually urging me to quit the place, attributing my depression to the climate, to the dull life I led, to anything rather than to the real cause. But at length her persistency arid my guardian's beseeching letters prevailed, and I returned once morS to Paris. There I renewed my acquaintance with Mr. Weston. It was impossible ,to be blind to his intentions. Every word and look told me that he loved me, and the day came when he asked me to be his wife. To his evident surprise, and to my inexpres sible sorrow, 1 refused to marry him. Could I join a haunted life to that of the man I loved with all my soul ? True, I had had no visita tion from the beautiful, reproachful face since I left dear Crowsnest ; but might it not return at anj' hour ? Oh, why had my step- mother cast this blight Upon my life? Was it such a heinous crime not to have gone in tune to see her die? . Suddenly 1 became possessed with a strange longing to re- visit Crowsnest, to see again the weird apparition that had exercised so subtle an influence on my life. With tne persistent waywardness of a spoiled child, I insisted on go ing home ; 1 insisted also that no one but Jus tine should accompany me. My guardian yielded to thy wishes and I went. But not once more during my month's visit did I see the haunting face. I believed that my persecution was ended. U.i my return lo Paris Mr. Weston renewed his oiler and I accepted him. A few moutas of married happiness effectually dispersed the clcud that had overshadowed me. My mind — warped and weakened as it had been. by giving way to morbid fancies — gained tone and vigor daily by associating with my husband's, which was eminently matter of fact and practical. It was therefore without the slightest foreboding of evil that we set out tor Dashire to spend the summer months at Crows nest. Guy was much pleased with the old house ; above all with the cedar chamber, -which I found had been prepared for us. It was late at night when we arrived, and there was no time . to alter the arrangements. ; besides, there was no need, for I be lieved as I have stated, that I had outlived niy fears'. Both Guy and I were tired by our journey, . and on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep, Toward morning I awoke. A stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old the shadow of the pear tree lav along the floor, flickering in the night wind. I watched it for a while, and then this shadow being closely associated in my mind with some thing else — I looked toward the bay window and could scarcely suppress a cry. There in the ojd place, between the gaslight and the moonlight, appeared — the face ! "Guy," 1 whispered, trembling, "awake! I'm so frightened !" ' What is i% Nina ? Have you seen a ghost ?" he asked lightly. "Hush! Look" there !" Raising himself upon his elbow lie glanced toward the window. "Why there is a woman in the room !" he exclaimed in great consternation. Then after a moment's nause. he continued nlnwlv nml do. liberately, us though, reading by a bad light from a book. " No it is only an illusion — but what an illusion! 1 seem see a b aiitiful woman, her head turned thla way, supported by her hand. lier auburn hair haugs about her shoulders. It is a very handsome face, but sad." " Stay ! What would you do ? ' I asked, as he made a quick movement forward. " Disp l the illusion, dear." "Oh, Guy!" -Unheeding he went to the window and shook the curtain. "May all ghostly visitants be as easily dis persed," he said, laughing, as the figure quiv ered, swayed, became distorted, then in a mo ment vanished. " What was it V" " I will produce it and you shall see." He let the curtain fall loose ard it took its old folds and creases. There sure enough she was again. _ " And is this what scared you on your first visit here ?" turning to me suddenly as though a new light had broke on him. " Yes, I thought it was the spirit of my step mother. I imagined the likeness of course.'' Then between laughter and tears, 1 made a full confession of all my superstitious folly. Next morning we closely questioned Mrs. Stevens. She expressed her belief that the cedar chamber was haunted, and that the com munication her mistress had to make to me was to that effect. We read of strange results brought about by the juxtaposition of certain heavenly bodies. Here was an instance most unique in its way, in which a heavenly body — the moon— aided by such commonplace materials as a gas bracket and an old silk curtain, produced as perfect a speci men of a beautiful female ghost as ever visited our world. She : " You're getting too proud to recog nize your friends.. I bowed to you yesterday, and you didn't even deign to return it." He : "Return it ! Of course not ! 1 think too maeh of anything coming from yon to return 