OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXIII (Continued). THE END OF THE PEOPLE, BLACK AND GREY. Now Faku bids the men who are left to hold their shields together and push the two from the mouths of the paths, and this they do, losing four more men at the hands of the brethren before it is done. "Now we are on the open! Ring them round, and down with them!" cries Faku. But who shall ring round Groan-Maker that shines on all sides at once, Groan Maker who falls heavily no more, but pecks and pecks and pecks like a wood bird on a tree, and never pecks in vain. Who shall ring round those feet swifter than the Sassaby of the plains? Wow! He is here? He is there! He is a sor cerer! Death is in his hand, and death looks out of his eyes! Galazi lives yet, for still there comes the sound of the Watcher as it thunders on the shields, and the Wolf's hoarse cry of the number of the slain. He has a score of wounds, yet he fights on ; his leg is wellnigh hewn from him with an axe, yet he fights on! His back is pierced again and again, yet he fights on! But two are left alive before him, one twists round and spears him through the back. He heeds it not, but smites down the foe in front. Then he turns, and whirling the Watcher high, brings him down for the last time and so mightily that the man before him is crushed like an egg. Galazi brushes the blood from his eyes and glares round on the dead. "All! Slaughterer, " he cries. and the sound of smitten shields. "All save two, my brother," comes the answer, sounding above the clash of steel and the sound of smitten shields. Now the Wolf would come to him, but cannot, for his life ebbs. "Fare thee well, my brother! Death is good. Thus, indeed, I would die, for I have made a mat of men to lie on," he cried with a great voice. "Fare they well! Sleep softly, Wolf!" came the answer. "All save one!" Now Galazi fell dying on the dead, but he was not altogether gone, for he still spoke. "All save one ! Ha ! ha ! ill for that one then when Groan- Maker yet is up. It is well to have lived so to die. Victory! Victory!" And Galazi the Wolf struggled to his knees and for the last time shook the Watcher about his head, then fell again and died.'' Umslopogaas, the son of Chaka, and Faku, the captain of Dingaan, gazed on each other. They alone were left alive upon the mountain, for the rest were all dead. Umslopogaas had many wounds. Faku was unhurt; he was a strong man, also armed with an axe. Faku laughed aloud. "So it has come to this, Slaughterer," he said, "that you and I must settle whether the king's word be done or no. Well, I will say this, however it should fall out : I connt it a great fortune to have seen this fight, and the highest of honours to have had to do with two such warriors. Rest you a little, Slaughterer, before we close. That wolf-brother of yours died well, and if it is given me to conquer in this bout, I will tell the tale from kraal to kraal through out the land, and it shall be a tale for ever." CHAPTER XXXIV. THE LILY'S FAREWELL. UMSLOPOGAAS listened, but he made no answer to the words of Faku the captain, though he had liked them well, for he would not waste his breath in talking, and the light grew low. "I am ready, Man of Dingaan," he said, and lifted his axe. "Now for a while the two circled round and round, each waiting for a chance to strike. Presently Faku smote at the head of Umslopogaas, but the Slaughterer lifted Groan-Maker to ward the blow. Faku crooked his arm and let the axe curl downwards, so that its keen edge smote Umslopogaas upon the head, severing his man's ring and the scalp beneath. Made mad with the pain, the Slangh terer awoke, as it were. He seized Groan- Maker with both hands and struck thrice. The first blow hewed away the plumes and shield of Faku, and drove him back a spear's length, the second missed its aim, the third and mightiest twisted in his wet hands, so that the axe smote sideways. Nevertheless, it fell fell on the breast of the captain Faku, shat tering his bones, and sweeping him from the ledge of rock on to the slope beneath; where he lay still. "It is finished with the daylight," said Umslopogaas, smiling grimly. "Now, Dingaan, send more Slayers to seek your slain," and he turned to find Nada in the cave. But Faku the captain was not yet dead, though he was hurt to the death. He sat up, and with his last strength he hurled the axe in his hand at him whose might had prevailed against him. The axe sped true, and Umslopogaas did not see it fly. It sped true, and its point struck him on the left temple, driving in the bone and making a great hole. Then Faku fell back, dead, and Umslopogaas threw up his arms and dropped like an ox drops beneath the blow of the butcher, and lay as one dead, beneath the shadow of a stone. All day long Nada crouched in the cave -listening to the sounds of war that crept faintly up the mountain side ; howl ing of wolves, shouting of men, and the clamour of iron on iron. All day long she sat, and now evening came apace, and, the noise of battle drew near, swelled, and sank, and died away. She heard the forces of the Wolf-Brethren as they called to each other like bucks, naming the number of the slain. She heard Galazi's dying cry of "Victory!" and her heart leapt to it, though she knew that there was death in the cry. Then for the last time she heard the faint clanging of iron on iron, and the light went out and all grew still. All grew still as night. There came no more shouting of men and no more [The sole right of publication in West Aus tralia has been purchased by the proprietors.] clash of arms, no howlings of wolves, no cries of pain or triumph-all was quiet as death, for death had taken all. For a while Nada the Lily sat in the dark of the cave, saying to herself, "Anon he will come, my husband, he will surely come ; the Slayers are slain-- he does not but tarry to bind his wounds ; a scratch, perchance, here and there. Yes, he will come, and it is well, for I am weary of my loneliness, and this place is grim and evil." Thus she spoke to herself in hope, but nothing came except the silence. Then she spoke again, and her voice echoed in the hollow cave. "Now I will be bold, I will fear nothing, I will push aside the stone and go out to find him. I know well he does but linger to tend some who are wounded, perhaps Galazi. Doubtless Galazi is wounded. I must go and tend him, though he never loved me, and I do not love him overmuch who would stand between me and my husband. This wild wolf-man ia a foe to women, and, most of all, a foe to me ; yet I will be kind to him. Come, I will go at once," and she rose and pushed at the rock. What, what was this ? It did not stir. Then she remembered that she had pulled it beyond the socket because of her fear of the wolf, and that the rock had slipped a little way down the neck of the cave. Umslopogaas had told her that she must not do this, and she had forgotten his words in her foolishness. Perhaps she could move the stone ? no, not by the breadth of a grain of corn. She was shut in, without food or water, and here she must bide till Umslopogaas came. And if he did not come? Then she must surely die. Now she shrieked aloud in fear, calling on the name of Umslopogaas. The walls of the cave answered " Umslopogaas ! Umslopogaae ! " and that was all. Afterwards madness fell upon Nada, my daughter, and she lay in the cave for days and nights, nor knew ever how long she lay. And with her madness came visions, for she dreamed that the dead One whom Galazi had told her of sat once more aloft in his niche at the end of the cave and spoke to her, saying "Galazi is dead! The fate of him who bears the Watcher has fallen on him. Dead are the ghost-wolves ; I also am dead of hunger in this cave and as I die so shall you die, Nada the Lily! Nada, Star of Death ! because of whose beauty and foolishness all this death has come about." Thus it seemed to Nada, in her mad- ness, that the shadow of him who sat in the niche spoke to her from hour to hour. It seemed to Nada, in her madness, that twice the light shone through the hole by the rock, and that was day, and twice it went out, and that was night. A third time the ray shone and died away, and lo! her madness left her, and she awoke to know that she was dying, and a voice she loved spoke without the hole, saying, in hollow accents "Nada? Do you yet live, Nada?" "Yea," she answered hoarsely. "Water! give me water!" Then came a sound as of a great snake dragging itself along painfully. A while passed, then a trembling hand thrust a little gourd of water through the hole. She drank, and now she could speak, though the water seemed to flow through her veins like fire. "Is it indeed you, Umslopogaas?" she said," or are you dead, and do I dream of you?" "It is I, Nada," said the voice. "Hearken! have you drawn the rock home?" "Alas! yes," she answered. "Per chance, if the two of us strive at it, it will move." " Ay, if our strength were what it was -but now ! Still let us try." So they strove with the rock, but the two of them together had not the strength of a girl, and it would not stir. " Give over, Umslopogaas," said Nada ; " we do but waste the time that is left to me. Let us talk !" For a while there was no answer, for Umslopogaas had fainted, and Nada beat her breast, thinking that he was dead. Presently he spoke, however, saying, " It may not be ; we must perish here, one on each aide of the stone, not seeing the other's face, for my might is as water; nor can I stand upen my feet to go and seek for food." " Are you wounded, Umslopogaas ?" asked Nada. " Ay, Nada, I am pierced to the brain with the point of an axe ; no fair stroke, the captain of Dingaan hurled it at me when I thought him head, and I fell. I do not know how long I have lain yonder under the shadow of the rock, but it must be long, for my limbs are wasted, and those who fell in the fray are picked clean by the vultures, all except Galazi, for the old wolf Deathgrip lies on his breast dying, but not dead, licking my brother's wounds, and scares the fowls away. It was the beak of a vulture, who had smelt me out at last, that woke me from my sleep beneath the stone, Nada, and I crept hither. Would that he had not wakened me, would that I had died as I lay, rather than lived a little while till you perish thus, like a trapped fox, Nada, and presently I follow you." "It is hard to die so, Umslopogaas," she answered, " I, who am yet young and fair who love you, and hoped to give you child- ren ; but so it has come about, and it may not be put away. I am wellnigh spent, husband : horror and fear have conquered me, my strength fails, but I suffer little. Let us speak no more of death, let us rather speak of our childhood, when we wandered hand in hand ; let us talk also of our love, and of the happy hours that we have spent since your great axe rang upon the rock in the Halakaki caves, and my fear told you the secret of my womanhood. See, I thrust my hand throug the hole ; can you not kiss it, Umslopogaas?" Now Umslopogaas stooped his shattered head, and kissed the Lily's little hand, then he held it in his own, and so they sat till the end-he without, resting his back against the rock, she within, lying on her side, her arm stretched through the little hole. They spoke of their love, and tried to forget their sorrow in it; he told her also of the fray that had been and how it went. "Ah!" she said, "that was Zinita's work, Zinita who hated me, and justly. Doubtless she set Dingaan on his path. " " A little while gone," quoth Umslopo gaas; "and I hoped that your last breath and mine might pass together, Nada, and together we might go to seek great Galazi, my brother, where he is. Now I hope that help will find me, and that I may live a little while, because of a certain vengeance which I would wreak." " Speak not of vengeance, love," she answered, " I, too, am near to that land where the Slayer and the Slain, the Shed der of Blood and the Avenger of Blood are lost in the same darkness. I would die with love, and love only, in my heart, and your name, and yours only, on my lips, so that if anywhere we live again it shall be ready to spring forth to greet you. Yet, husband, it is in my heart that you will not die with me. but that you shall live on to die the greatest of deaths far away from here, and because of another woman. It seems that, as I lay in the dark of this cave, I saw you, Umslopogaas, a great man gaunt and grey, stricken to the death, and the axe Groan-Maker wavering aloft, and many a man dead upon a white and shin- ing way, and about you the fair faces of white women ; and you had a hole in your forehead, husband, on the left side." " That is like to be true, if I live," he answered, " for the bone of my temple is shattered." Now Nada ceased speaking, and for a long while was silent ; Umslopogaas was also silent and torn with pain and sorrow because he must lose the Lily thus, and she must die so wretchedly, for one reason only, that the cast of Faku had robbed him of his strength. Alas ! he who had done so masy deeds might not save her now; he could scarcely hold himself upright against the rock. He thought of it and the tears flowed down his face and fell on the hand of the Lily. She felt them and spoke. "Weep not, my husband," she said, "I have been all too ill a wife to you. Do not weep for me, yet remember that I loved you well." And again she was silent for a long space. Then she spoke for the last time of all, and her voice came in a gasping whisper through the hole in the rock - "Farewell, Umslopogaas, my husband and my brother, I thank you for your love Umslopogaas. Ah ! I die !" Umslopogaas could make no answer, only he watched the little hand he held. Twice it opened, twice it closed upon his own, then it opened for a third time, turned grey, quivered, and was still for ever! Now, it was at the hour of dawn that Nada died. CHAPTER XXXV. THE VENGEANCE OF MOPO AND HIS FOSTERLING. IT chanced that on this day of Nada's death and at that same hour of dawn I, Mopo, came from my mission back to the kraal of the People of the Axe, having succeeded in my end, for that great chief whom I had gone out to visit had heark- ened to my words. As the light broke I reached the town, and lo ! it was a black- ness and a desolation. "Here is the footmark of Dingaan," I said to myself, and walked to and fro, groaning heavily. Presently I found a knot of men who were of the people that had escaped the slaughter, hiding in the mealie-fields lest the Slayers should return, and from them I drew all the story. I listened in silence, for, my father, I was grown old in misfortune; then I asked where were the Slayers of the king? They replied that they did not know ; the soldiers had gone up the Ghost Mountain after the Wolf-Brethren and Nada the Lily, and from the forest had come a howling of beasts and sounds of war ; then there was silence, and none had been seen to return from the moun- tain, only all day long the vultures hung over it. " Let us go up the mountain," I said. At first they feared, because of the evil name of the place ; but in the end they came with me, and we followed on the path of the impi of the Slayers and I guessed all that had befallen it. At length we reached the knees of stone, and saw the place of the great fight of the Wolf-Brethren. All those who had taken part in the fight were now but bones, because the vultures had picked them every one, except Galazi, for on the breast of Galazi lay the old wolf Death grip, that was not yet dead. I drew near the body, and the great wolf struggled to his feet and ran at me with bristling hair and open jaws, from which no sound came. Then, being spent, he rolled over dead. (To be concluded.) 