,r.t..allttl?rie's C:hurch W, 4 THE LAVING OF THE. CHAN?CEL MEMORIAL STONE. IsT responer to thle notice that the t ,t.;i - d ritiol tonle otf the chancel and re~rst the c(surrch tit Elngland woul lie eI.,,c. M1onday, 14t1 inst., at 3 o'clocr:k p1,i., ,. , s i:. Gn avtt. a!routt loo0 peron.S, ser ' bled to witness the cerelnoly, wlic r performted by the lncumblent .' t hurch, the lRev. 1 i Braddock, a-" hy the Revs. A. 'l'oomnath alnd i . ( A ll thinjsrl2 ing Ili,''r ,-ed in M i , lnculmbelnt condicted tihe service a leas :-" Our hip is in the name e Lord ; who has rm;de He.tvnve and Behold sai:h thl e Lord, layr la in Zion a corner stone, elect, p-ecious,and he ; believe on him shall not be confuol rr The S!one which the builders rej has becor-e the head.tone of the co . ''hls is the Lord', doing and i i is m;: lous in our eves. Other lorndati . -. no mlen lay lthan that is laid, ?h , Jes.n, Chlilt. Dearly beloved in the L.ord cuistomary m the erertion of public ings to Irly wnth sremniily somte ipal stor:e, to represenlt the foundlrt' orrtner-s?one. In ;tccordittance with ceusolrn, we are now ara emlbled to l%'. iid , .lcen:ori:rl Stone of the chancel Vestry of St. alettrhew's Church of ' lhnd, to be ('edicated to the speci.,: rice of God. l.et its then remember it is written : ' Ex:et the Lard the hcutse, theiir labor is but lst build it ; excespt the Lord keep the the watcitlan wcalketh but in rain; ' let us implore the blessing of Alm: God on this our undtvrtaking." '1 hen followed the Lord's, prayer. ?4rt l'salm, the pro ;er lesson, whi.,t ii taken from I Corinthiarns it. 9-'5 ar ' creed, after which r ir. It. \Vhit the Secretary of the Church, at tl quest of the Miniter read the histe, . the Church, which was inscribed . parchm:ent scroll, as follows : This scroll was depcsited beneat demlnrial Stone of the Chancel Vertry of St. M.atthew's Church, irh a iroa in the lhral Deanery of Kiaienore, i , r': Archdeacornry of lteechworth, upon the o: day of SNovember, A.1., tSg:. The beareth the folilowing inscrption - Ilmemort.d stone was laid by the donor. :l Chancel and Vestry, 1is.s Emily Gav Taatooke, upoa tile 14th November, '. 1892\. lRev. I? . Braddock. Minister of ll. ford and 'tl;laro.r:k; Mes.srs. Smith ..?, Johnson, architects; Messrs. Donald [. Snmith, builders." The history of the rise and progr"-, . thechurclh was tlrrs:--Aborit the y,:, our Lord, 1862, D)iv;ne :;rvices were ducted in the hortse t' the Rev. Armstrong, situate near this present si ,. ,i n the Rav. Win. Singleton, Incumbe Christ Church, Kiimorc. This " chu. the house" was succeeded by a bh i erected in 1863, by the joint efforts late IRev. WVl. Singleton, and tile lat Purrier, aided by other' ;rupon a site , some 2oo yards di-tant frIom the preset, Upon the opning of the railway it ,. r IImoved, ad re-erectedr here with nrave .. porch, by Mir. Worod, at a cont of :, 55o, in tie e.ir 1873. The folloawing are the namr-s of the ressive clergy, resident at Kilmore:- Rev. WVilliamn Smnglet,.n ideceased), 18 i 186S; the Rev. James W\atson (decor:r.. and the Rev. Thoumas Boo:hrovd G:.,.i: (rtsignedl, 1869; the lev. H. F. W.h 1870 to 2872; and the Rev. A' Toomath, t873 to 1891 (resigned;. The guardians, upon the restilnati" Mr. Toomari, decid d to apply ri Lord Bishop far separation fim r Ki, ar and the Irev. Hlrenty BLIrirdck was pointed to the 'aro. 'r.dt District of B13 :t tord and Tallarsok, ly the I:ight ri;v. ! e "t ! Flowers Go,r D.D., and wss inducted by thi'o Ven. John Hferring upon Easter Suai :y. 1892. Here followeth the signatures of the dor., t of the Chancel and Vestry, and of !. officials of the Church :--Messrs. Futh:err!: Dlavis, Harris, Lloyd, McLeod, Skin Whitehead, Zwat, Ziwar. " Be this the chosen site; the virgin sod. M2oris?ened from age to age by dewy eve, Shall disappear, and grateful Earth rec r: The Corner Stone from hands that bhui. :r God." \orouswotr'. The sct ll and some of the current , q of the rearll, deposited in a bottle, then placed in a cavity in the wall o: etr: building, and the Memorial !,,r was placed in position by Miss I. Ga. ,,, the following words being used - " In the faith of Christ, and i:; prayer for tihe blessing of God, I lay nts Alemortal Stone of the Chancel ,.:f Vestry of St. Matthew'a Church of in'' land, in the Name of the Father, and ,r! the bon, and of the Holy Ghost." Am:'n 'iThe hyimn, O Lord of Hosts," v then sung by the choir and a ter pray -. by the incumbent, the Rev. hi. Cahill. ii. Kilmore, delivered a lengthy address. rn which he stated that the ceremony. j?-:t witnessed was a witness to infidels ;a" c unbelievers, of the great Hereafter. li, Ihoped those present, an I especially mm-r, bers ot the church would feriodlcal!!. vriit the church and at the altar of I.e chancel which was now being eonstr. - red take the haol sacrament of the I o0l' and blood of Christ. At the close of ti. address he congratulated the church r: the advancement it was making ant thanked his listeners for their attention. The Rev. Andrew Toomath, so nw-!: and lavorably known as the Incumbent of tlis district for over 18 )ears, theer addreosed thie asserrbliage. He had bet.: connected with St. Mlatthew's church tot manv )years and remembered how it c-e always thire wish ot the guardians to rha, a chanicel and vestry erected. lut lthi. owing to various reasons, had been found impracticable iitil now, w-hen a mnember of the church ot bretween forty and filty years standing, actuated by a spirit cbh; aacteristic o herIli had come forward ant c-ncrously provided the rcnecessary mneas. iThe donor, he was slre, hal given tc donation Irotm her heart, and hIe might tell thrm thiat, had she hiad her own way, they wetlId iit hare be,-n there that da\ to 'itnesrs thie ceremony of thIe laying ci thie Ihundatiot stonle, for it would have been done privately and withrout cere llrnv. l!e congratulated throse connec. ttd 'ilth tie churchl on their progressie attitude both inside and outside the church, and pjra)ed that all present might be built up as lif'ely stones in a ~critual 'Temllerl. He concludedi by wishinlg tlirrtm a ll tuture happiness. 'iThe hymn," Saviour, blessed Savioar, was tlhenll snne and alter the pronouncing of thie doxolrog, the adults present laelr initeIl to pertake of licht refreslhmlents, kindill provrided t the ihanrds of the lRe,. and slrs. Bradlrrck, whilst thie children were entertained at 1a generously pro vided try Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Lloyd, alter wlich various games were indulged 'Tihe whole crermony passed off in a most sllccesslul in;ll.ner. IpourrarT.-Overr too different Patent atrtld Homoerpathir Medicines for sale at hI S. Browrn's.- AtrT ] 