The la-n were, dry in Funston Park, (liere truth inspire Imy tale), h?h. lonreli fnootpath. tilf and dark, Led orer hill and dale. PBniltledlt wa an aneient lame, AndI fearful haste she made To gain the rale of latkcnnham, And hail its willow shade. 1er footrteps kne:v no idle stop,. But folloh:red faster still And echoed to thie da:rksome copse Tthat whispered on the hill, Where el:arsrro?a roonks yet seareeel hnuhed, Ii epoke a peopled shade : Antd :many a wing the foliage brushed And hoveritng circuits made. 'liT' dapplei herd of grazrin dleer, 'That r:onltht the shaires hr dav. Nox tarted from their paths werith fear, And gave the stranger way. iarker it crer, and darker fears latme o'er her troubled mind ; Whett nos? n ihort. 1inihk step sIhe hears, Come patting clie hahind. Shi turned,it stopped - nought conld she see U'pon the gloontr pl:n ret an she °trnre the sprite to tlC e She heard thnse ame again. Nor terror seize l her quaking frame, For, where the path was bare, The trotrto enlu t kept on the tsante Shie muttered Ian:Ly a pr. er. Yet onee n~ain. llid'l tier frightt Qhle tried whi~t ;ictht twit~ do: \Vtint, tltowt'.4i the2 chating gleon of c nictIt, tlo A e nscrc~t , iood in view iteln02ott of tiato or stot foil, It f.,,¶oo i doe the Iplain ; Sltc mmne l t r sIne. and damn she knelt, And saittoer ratygrs agtin. Then on olt' np'd, awl htopn grew strootg, ' oin hte lm"-:tto in vi. Whitih ttttinttt hart, ott lotte it tw000. Tb-it glioot :Inlil a in-nt p iothrolgh (,tntl fell th'e gnteo tt'int tie pnoe, HIer neartlc-hin~t like to nock ; -Inr ntnell :he fearetntoo e rigty glhoit Vocod leap nptin her hackl. 1til n -t ,tt--:--at-thl e gtlioWnent, An it lidt doin before hIer sltrn-lth andi resolutono nltnt, She faintcl at tlhe door. Ott' c.inot teo h ittind. tot.h onrtpriseel, Otnt noon iter ItI.ghttrdear : (,not-natoted onool. alt untaotvised Of wht tiet Iliy oo to fear. Tie carntlle gleam pierced through tihe Some short spare o'er the green Amr there the little trotting sprite Distinctly might he seen. an ass's foal had; lost its dnam Within the sparioun park : Atnl simple as a playfutl lanb lInd folohecd in tihe dark. A f veurite the ghost hccatme Atnd 'lrwa his fIte to thrive; Anld long he lived ndl :pread his fate, And kept the joke alive. Flormany alarugi went through the vat!e And sotme convaetion too; Elach t?ieights onte other gohfil tale Perhapse was i>ut is trie. ,, .--Bloo.ov r l). . 