'0E3nfcl2 ijyrniza. (To the PS. \t or of the Scrutineer.) Friends of our faith v/o have, whom doubts like these, And keen rcmarko and bold objections pleas? ; Tlieyfrjrant/ouchdonbta have weaker minds opprcst, Till cournl conviction give the troubled icst. 'Cntctill,' they cry, 11 Icfc none theif ccnsurcs £7iey but confirm tlio /;lor:ouo hopca v/c ohnrc ; From doubt, disdain, derision, scorn and lies, With five-fold triumph cacrod truth shall rice. Sin, — Slnco Mr. Blomfield penned his first letter to you upon this subject he ha3 coolly and con siderately dismounted from the hich liorco he then rode, and he now favours me with what ho thinks to bo arguments in disproof of my ctatemcuta. Fair and frco discu&cion; v/ith right-minded persona leads to enquiry r.ad brings forth correct information, aud I uclicvc my great object iu v/riting could bo seen by all your fair-minded readers, viz. : — To advocate the retention of the present hymn book at St. John's Church unlecrs a majority willed other wise ! I objected to a few, or as * lr. Blomfield puts it — cue man (himself) being able to change the church hymn-book at his cole sweet will — perhaps, in direct opposition to the will of tho majority of church members. In doing this I introduced the opinion (held by many who have, like myself even, been using the book for many years) that in ' Hyuins Ancient and Modem' book certain hymns cavour of popery. Mr. Blomfield has not yet dis proved any of my statements. He ha3 such a weak case tiiat I»o mnsfc needs play upon the clear and plain-mcaniorr English word 'anitatinrr,' which I rightly used. Mr. Blomfield rigidiy and stoutly ceelwto twist the rensc of that T?ord as used, only showing r.a cgitr.liou, r.z I said, rc.illy iras on foot. Nose but a hynocrito will deny that an Magita-' tion' in'this matter had brjun when I first wrote. A schoolboy can tell Mr. Blomfield that even a mental consideration of any matter is an agitation of the mind. And Mr. Blomfield says deliberately that he him:elr had not only mentally deliberated in tho matter, but even actively started out to effect the change, and boastfully takes the cole rcsponaiblity for such action. I instanced hymn 450 (in A. C: M.) as a fair example of tha Romaniz ing teaching of certain hymns. Mr. Blomfield pre tends that he 14 is satisfied to compare hymn books with tho New Testament, and if their teaching agrees io substance he Ln contented.' Then he counot be here satisfied, for there is in this hymn the unscriptural and Romish teaching of Mariolatry. I again earnestly repeat that no true Protestant churchman will ever swallow all tho hymns the ' Ancient and Modern Hymn-book' contains — for certain hymns teach in a subt c way such blasphe mioua doctrine as Idolatory, Transubstautiation, nnd tho Real Presence, Baptismal Regeneration ; Prayer for the Dead, aud Salvation by Human Works. True Protestants believe that byrauology ohould promote tho diffusion of Divine truth — not human error. In this hymn (and I only gave it as one illustration of many like examples) ouch expres sions occurs as ' Mother of God, kc .' Now where, please Mr. Blomfield, in the teaching of tho New Testament is the Virgin Mary hold forth ao being the Mother of the Deity ? Never once ! Nor is the Virgin Mary ever alluded to as being anything else than tho favoured instrument of bringing into this fallen world tho 'flesh' cr 'manhood,' which, according to tho councils of Jehovah the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, Christ took 'into. God.' Whero ia^Mary called tlio 'Mother of; God' — where, but in the pages of human tradition ?' A doctrine co monstrously absurd as that the creature is superior to the Creator has no place iu the pa^cs of Divine Truth. Yet, the Romish theory now adopted by the Ritualists, is, thr.t God was born of Mary. And yet, Mr. Blomfield, i? you , inako a carnful analyois of Hymns A.. & M. the fact is revealed that the refcronces to Mary as .1 [other, aud the references to God as Father are : — Mary is referred to 5G times in 3-i hymns, while God is referred to S4 times in G3 hymns, the pro portion being neatly 5 to S I Thup, by omitting tho doxologie3, Mary's praises are almost on a par with those of the Divine Father. Did Jeauo, 'Sou of God, once call Mary Mother / Not even once in tho wholo course of tha four Gospelo, So youf point Mr. Blomfield, which you state that you arc ready to abide by is worthless and you must admit your error. And, Mr. Editor, all the absnrd designa tions of *ny arguments by Mr- Blomfield as being 'booms,'' Greek fire,' 'sharp-shooters,' 'skeleton brigade,' &c.;, docs not answer them. I will not waste your space farther but. await Mr. Blomtield's acceptance of my challenge to adhere to Ilia written declaration to abide by hymna only ( which in their teaching agree in substance with the Nov/ Testament, Air. Blomfield challenged me in a lot of military languago ?' to move my men into tho open and let him see them.' The men were thero already and he daro not fight them. I still leave them unacsailcd, or, at any rate, unmoved, for Mr. Blomficld's pen to attack if he can successfully with any New Testament teach ing — unless, indeed, it is a new testament provided by Mr. blomfield. Iu conclusion Icancgammo3t truly assuro Mr. Blomfield that no bonest and true churchman will dcuy hut that there are hymns in the A. and M. book, which they cannot receive altogether because thoy familiarise our minds with Romish phraseology, teach doctrines and practises contrary to God's word and contrary to the teach ings of the Church of England, and for tho rejection of which history tells us how the Roman Hierarchy eondemucd our noblo rcformero to bo burned at the stake,— I am, sii, yours faithfully, TRUE CHURCHMAN. 16th May, 1892. 