DJEVONYPOR1. P After a few days of beautiful spring we have winter back again. The rainfall has been very heavy, and farming operations necessarily retarded. ' Mr James Couston, the contractor for the waterworks, has made a start. Sub- tenders have been let for clearing the track, and Aherne Bros. are hard at it. The East Devoaport reservoir will be the first to go on with, as the position is drier. The coan. tractor intends using the horse-scoop, and will soon make headway. S The Town Board met on Tuesday, when Mr John Luck Miller took his seat in place of Mr Woods, resigned, who has aecepted 1 the position of clerk of the works for water I scheme. An item of interest to the general public is the low price road work is being clone for. An instance occurred where some grading, etc.,was required in Tarieton and Oldaker streets, East Devonport. The overseer's estimate was £27, the lowest tender (A. Lamout's) being £17 odd The P notice of motion in MerT. P. Cowle's name -" That the chairman should receive a salary" was lost on an amendment being propieed by MTr. D. Stewart, seconded by ilr J. Luck, that the qecetion ie postponed till next year, just previous to the now election for members. Tuesday evening the Literary Society held a meeting in the Library, GiblinH all, I when Mc'r L. Moore laid before the ueemsbems ai scheme for equalising the expenditure I and income of our finances. Mr T. C. Oldham occupied the chair. Mr Moore S proposed to make up the deficiency from retrenchment in salaries, an increased - excise duty, increase in charge of tele grams 50 per cent., wiping out the whole 2 of the defence vote, and several other items. Two amendments were proposed, but that of Mir W. Lovett was received C with general favour. He proposed to talo as little as possible from the Customs, tax cigars and cigarettes, retrench to some extent, and ralso a large part of the deficiency by n pro gressive land tax. The other speakers were Revs. A. Hughes and T. ]olling, Messrs H. A. Pratt and iSiFie. The two latter supported Mr Lovett's proposals. Mr Fratt especially referred to the evil of doing away with small holdings, and con verting the same into abig elseep run, thus dispensing with labour. He stated that he t was an ardent advocate for annegation to t Victoria, thus, as far as that colony was concerned, reaping all the advantages of C federatioc-wiping out Governor, both C Hfouses of Parliament, employing only one 1 judge to go on circuit, and sending a certain number of representatives, chosen men, to represent Tasmania in the i Victorian Parliament. Rather an amusing incident happened a short time ago, and has only just come to my knowledge. A certain gentleman of the broad cloth, who hails from Latrobe, was entertaining a lawyer and coal caer chant with a lot of hearsay evidench re. gcrding the contractor for the Devonport Waterworks, and forgetting that "c the tongue is ani unruly member,"' let his wag away without the ?lightomt discretion, not deigning to notice even that any other person occupied the carriage. After indulging to his heart's con tent, the other passenger introduced himself to the reverend gentleman, gsid advised him to practise a little of the charity he preached. I noed not say how uncomfortable the resginder of the journey way. ,Ta iely se have had a ghost rearo. He has been heso, there, and everywwhere, frightening men, women, and children. One merchant whilst coming across the Bee road from the Don was terribly dis concerted, and swears that next time he nmeets him lIe will-in fact there is no knowing what he will not do. The police are so seared that they have to I go in company, and as we have only an insceetog and constable this side, the ghost \- has a splendid chance of displaying his On Tuesday evening at East Devonport a quarrel arose between Mr H. A. Davis, late butcher, and Mr. R. D. Stewart of Pardoe notoriety. The former gentleman is severely cut about the face, and had to seek medical aid, whilst the latter is intact and only lost his hat and umbrella. As a the matter is to come before the police court next Wednesday (cross summonses being taken out) I will not pre-judge the case. A woman of colour named Black Bella witnessed the scene, and, I hear, will furnish important evidence. The s.s. Tambo arrived yesterday, and left again after about one hour's stay for Circular Head, Very little gcing on in chipping, season nearly over, although I bear of several parcels of the tuber in the Kentish distriot I still in hand. Bacon is a decided drug, and unless some outlet is found a lot of the farm-made'will t realseo next to nothing. I would advise t farmer: 'o clear at the first reasonable ofler. lgga are plentiful at 9d per dozen. . Tresh butter scares; 15 4d wholesale, is Gd retail. Aug. 21. 