MELBOURNE GOSSIP. [FROM A SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] I am getting tired of writing about politics when there is nothing in politics to write about, and I am something like the little boy who was asked to spoil “Je- hosophat,” and who commenced with Geehosa-o, “ please air, I don’t know any more ] ” but I will give you one bit of news for which I am personally extremely sorry, and that is that Mr. R. Murray Smith does not contemplate contesting any scat at this coming election. As he puts it, “ with my free trade views and my constitutionalism and my anti-stock tax notions, who would have mo 1” Yet do I much regret this, for Mr. Murray Smith was always one of those who helped to level and to steady things in politics. He always kept his own hands clean and helped, too, other people’s. Arc there to bo threo Bakers in the next Parliament? There is our old Lowan friend, Wimmora Baker; there is a Baker announced for somewhere in the North East, I think ; and Wimmora Baker's brother has an eye on Albert Park or South Melbourne, or soma other constituency that Larkin contemplated trying, bat is now uneligiblo for. Talking with a much travelled friend the other day, ho mentioned to me that though he had never i ravelled on Cook’s tickets, for ho "is a Melbourne clubman and a personage, and thinks Cook a Vv tie infra dig, he thought ho should secure his coupons next time. For, said he, wo were staying at Pisa, and there were r,wo ladies at the same hotel, faring exactly as we did, who paid throe francs (2 i 60) ad »y leas than we did. They were t.ravdii »g on Cook’s coupons, and af'er ih it in Rome and other cities, on -ou e, I bought the coupons regularly an I secured the same advantages, I in ntion this tu a hint to intending t »-•. V ■'! TH The rep >rl<TS of the morning pres* are lal.i ig to th msophy. As (hey cannot ox-met anything from the unscrutable an I youthful Premier, they think of con sul ing the Mahomatns. Mr. Shiols will shortly earn like one of his predecessors did ihe. sobriquet of “The Passage Ghost,’’ “ Ho flits by an airy nothing to dav !" I happened to ho on the stage of the Opera House the other night I don’t kn »w whether they called me a judge or an umpire, or an investigator, or a com* mittee. Slop, X believe I was a com mittee ; I don’t count the other man, be cause half the audience said he was a confederate, and I suppose the other half said 1 was, but L was fooled while th re by a very clover illusion, which, as it is sure to travel some day to the country districts, I will tell you of. A hoard is placed on trestles close to the footlightp, on the top of which arc iron fasteners or cobars for head, feo‘, and ankles. I put my head into the top loop, and certainly when it was pad locked could not draw it out again. Then Professor Oirl Hertz’s assistant was produced, and laid oat on the board, I or we, that is, die committee, waxed him up and put private marks on him so that wo would know him again if wc had bo pick him out of the usual distinguished twelve at the lock-up next morning, and then we fastened his head, wrists, and ankles down widi the iron gyves, pad locked them and pocketed the k-*ys. The padlocks, I may mention, weiv trick ones. Then the attendants lifted him board and all, and placed him on trestles in a -little square, composed apparently of four brass upright rods, with cross bars. The stage beneath was carpeted, so that traps would be at a disadvantage. I sounded the scene behind ; it seemed solid, the spaces between the uprigh's weie open, and several caudles were placed beneath the board to aho v th »t Dia bolus did not design to take him that way. This, I fancy, by the way, wus an arti fice, if they had let mo long under that boa-d, I could hive judged bet-ter. Car tai s pendant from the boss rods w»re then drawn round the recumbent fmn; they only came down half way, so that while they just concealed the board and its occupant, they still exposed the candles burning beneath them. Hand smack, hey ! pfi sto, pass; and in less than thirty sec >nds the curtains were with drawn, and there was the board srill, but in place of the man, though gvyed just as he was, a beautiful lady—mem. from my youth upwards I have always accepted it as a truism that all stage ladies wore beautiful. Our keys opened her padlocks, and we released her head wrists and ankles, the latter I did not do myself from an enhancement of modesty, and, of course, then came Sprightly from (ho back of the auditorium with all our identifying marks still upon him. Its an awfully clever illusion, but how the raishief is it done, for I examined all those properties moat carefully, even the fitting of the wrists, which hold the iron collars in the boards. I was on the stage the whole timexpected to be deceived, but can’t guess how I was. Perhaps some who read this may have a similar experience. The Institute qf Journalists bids fair to be a marked success. On Saturday a farther meeting was held, when the officers were appointed and a list of Ih* members accepted up to that -date read out. Looking down the list one or two names are discoverable, the claims to iqpinberehip of the owners of which are somewhat doubtful. But as a rule those who have been occepted by the Pro visional Council are gentlemen who are well known in the field of letters in one or tfae.-other direction. £ am assured that the utrqqst caution was ex crcisod in going through the applications for membership, and f cm well believe thj*, wjjsn I learn that over 30 applicants were sent baplf fqr further inquiry, and that anything known to a candidate’s di«;rodit was fearlessly stated at the Council table, The first officers of the jnajtuto appointed are capable gentlemen, and the portents point to Aus« trails at°Ja- it having a worthy journalistic guild. ‘ Our lovers of yo gentle art ! are exercised in their minds just now to tho condition of their favorite fidiing grounds'. Last Sunday week dwellers on tho banks of the Yarra at South Rich mond wore surprised to see Ihe surface and banks of tho river plentuouriy strewn with gasping fish. Cod, bl mk li-.h, and eefi), came down in largo quan tities. On Saturday hi#t the Saltwater River, near the Manbyrnong bridge pre rii.nugj somewhat similar features, though, of cjurae, the character of the fish was dilfiren*, mullet and hresm being »he sufibrers this time. Various theories I) w*> been propounded, but no one up to tho present seems to bu able to give the real ■reason..for this fishy disturbance, A poison theory cannot be accepted f>r the fiah have been collected in bucketsful and ealen, and no one is reported as being any the worse. It is p pularly supposed that ihi book maker never loses, that, in fact, his whole time is taken up in skinning the public lamb. Now, taken as a whole, the book maker undoubtedly lias the bort of the fi But there are racing seasons life-* the pre-aem, when he in turn has (o unde;go tho skinning process. An in stance of this occurred at Flemington on Tuesday (Australian Oup day). One penciller, who is not oyer rich, is also tin proprietor ojf a tobacconist shop where he does starting prjco betting, had fielded vigorously against Strathmore, the favorite for tho Australian Oup, .and had done fairly well; when said favorite was beaten. ; But immediately after ; the, race .’.he WJja. ~handed' the following tele *gi∈'from his shopman.£64 on High born at starting price." Now (he odds against Highborn, tho winner, at (he alurt were 10 (o 1, so that the Holder found himself liable for £354, aud now h<» wants legal advice as to whether ho can recover compensation from the Tele graph Department for delaying his im«i sage. From what I hear the project of bring ing out a grand opera company is not being taken up very,-warmly. Tho fact is that the signs of the times uro such as to make those who aro not apathetic some what afraid to enter into costly social o- gagoments. Tho prevailing feeling is rather to wait till thu company ia brought out, thou if it is as good hh it is said to bo to taku a certain number of ticko*s o*i the other hand, no onterprenr could afford to take such a risk, particularly with business uffairs as tln-y are just now in Melbourne. Thu koy note was struck on thn cablegram sent home by Mr. Coppin some time back to a well-known B iglish actor he bad uegoti.ted with:— “ Please postpone engagement. Business prospects throughout the colonies’ ruinous." The social events of the day are tho approaching marriages of tho two daughters of one of our merchant princes to two young gentlemen recently arrived from England, and who are biothers. There is money, plenty of it, on both sides, and tho marriage festivi ties aro to be on a grand .scale, after which lho hippy quartette will lo haw.* for England. It h turning out just as many people thought it would in connection with Had ing work for tho unemployed. Fifty men registered their names for employment in the oouutry, and only 37 turn up at the railway station. Thun again tlic paltry excuse is that the men don’t like the Salvation Army being connected with tbe ali'iir, just as if it mattered who found til-i work so long as it was found. This la* tor complaint is being fostered by the Tildes Hall authorities, who are laying themselves open u> the implication that they do not desire tho unemployed ques tion sect ed so easily, but would rather us" their meetings for political purposes at the present juncture. But this is a dangerous game to play, aud in their own interests they would do well to drop it at once. 