VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. [By WALTER BESANT.] The Theosophists are hinting darkly at a clearer knowledge of the other world than we poor Christians have ever possessed. Perhaps they will before long give us a distinct and de- finite explanation of the arrangements made for the universal pest mortem, Nothing con- cerns as all more deeply, and we ought to be very grateful for any information, especially of a reassuring character. Let as receive it humbly. The Theologians and Scholars may do the examining of the new doctrines; they may ask the nasty, doubting, incredulous, un- worthy questions; it will be for us to accept. At present I do not know of any authorised statement, so to speak. It is, I believe, said that at death the Soul goes into some newly-born babe, so that life is always continuous, the Soul passing from one body to another. The number of deaths, therefore, must equal the number of births, and vice versa. This seems to land us in difficulties, which will, no doubt, be solved by a more accurate census. Meantime the prospect of contintually passing from one life, full of disappointment and toothache, to another equally blessed, without even the comfort of remembering the last, is fatiguing. Perhaps we may now and then be allowed to sit out for a generation or two and look on, One would like very much to look on for a century, taking no part in the game, but critically discussing it, and watching it, as veterans on a cricket field, only invisible and inaudible. But without break or pause to pass from the pains of the sick bed and the infirmities of old age to those of babyhood—really! shall we like it? Then, again, it is suggested that we may, perhaps, have some choice or say as to the social position, the country, the profes- sion, or the sex to which we may be assigned at our next appearance. This, however, I can hardly believe, for the very simple reason that everybody would choose the most desirable lot that the world has to offer. For instance, that lot which is considered by the great mass of mankind to be the most desirable is one which gives rank, wealth, and a tine constitution. We should all ask for that, and the world would be entirely filled with noble lords, each with a splendid house, sixty thousand a year, and the iron constitution of Grandfather Methusalem. I believe, in fact, the exact contrary. No one will have any say in the matter at all. His next appearance will be assigned to him in punishment or in reward, according to the re- cord of the past. In illustration of this theory I have followed the method of the late Joseph Addison, and referred the subject to a dream. Methought I was waiting with a great many others my turn to be sent back into the world. One life over, another was to begin. I confess that I had grievous prickings and misgivings as to my portion, because I remembered too vividly certain omissions and commissions. Beside me stood a shivering ghost, whose chat- tering teeth proclaimed his forebodings and his terror at the approaching decision. We were moving in a mass slowly towards a portal over which hung a heavy veil. It lifted every few moments for the passage of another soul, but we saw nothing. Behind the veil nobody could see anything, though we peered and gazed and strained our eyes. "Alas! my friend," said the shiverer, "I was for many years on the committee of the great Society for Sweating knowledge out of authors in order to advance Religion. We used to give poor gentlewomen £30 or £40 for things out of which we were going to make ten times that amount for profit. We were deaf to their prayers; we were hardened to their tears. We paid them their sweating wages, and we left them in their poverty. Alas! alas! now I see—now I lament —now I tremble. I have degraded Religion. I have turned her into a base and greedy trader.'' Then there was another, whose face and form I seemed to remember—until the soul takes another shape it retains something of the old figure. He shook his head mournfully. "I shall know,'' he said, "before long, I suppose. I expect the worst—the very worst. Oh! There are horrible things which some men have to do—loathsome lives—degrading tasks. I suppose I must look out for one of them. I cannot hope for anything better. Oh! It serves me right. I was a politician—a party politician—and I lived on lies. Nobody, certainly, ever told so many lies as I did. I stumped the country up and down. I invented calumnies; I exaggerated facts; I concealed facts; I bade the people despise and loathe things which the other side had never done. I derided them for things they never said. I suppressed any thing that was good, and I magnified any thing that was bad. My next will be—it must be—a wretched lot, indeed: I pray only that my life may be very short," I remem- bered him. His figure had adorned many a page of Punch, and I could not choose but agree with him. Lies had been his daily bread. Votes the only thing for which he lived. On the other side of me was a sturdy figure who moaned and groaned, and wrung his hands with remorse. "I had a milk walk," he said, "Yes. I had a milk walk. It is true that I made money—not so much as I hoped to make—some. But how did I make it? How? How? What will they make me do next?" Said another, "I have been a great specialist. I pretended to know more than anybody else in the world about my special subject, and I knew no more than any hospital student. They gave me two guineas for my consultation fee—and I looked wise and wrote a prescription with deliberation. Never was such a humbug. What will they do with me next ? They made me a baronet, and I have left a fortune of a hundred thousand pounds. What, what shall I have to do?' Said another, " Patience! Our only hope is that, as all men are humbugs, the thing won't count. I, my friend, was an art critic. I knew nothing at all about painting. My brother, who is still below, is a literary critic. He knows as much about literature as I do about art. I wonder what they will do with me. Whatever happens, there will always be plenty of room for humbug." "I," said another, "was a variety actress." She heaved a profound sigh and said no more. Slowly we arrived at the veil. Nothing was seen, but as each passed through his next lot was proclaimed. " Sweater of woman!" said the Voice, clear and distinct, "Go below, to be thyself sweated. Thou shalt get, in the sacred name of religion, a seamstress's pay for works of beauty, purity, and nobleness. Thou shalt live long—very long—in penury—on cheesesparings and candle ends, thy days embittered with the continual sense of injustice. Go!" The soul shrieked, but passed swiftly through and disappeared, "Politician! Become a Cheapjack. A hard, long laborious, and uncertain life. Shout lies all day and half the night through—never to be believed." He groaned and vanished. "Milkman? Become a party politician, thy doom never to be able to speak, or see, or discern the truth. Pass on!" " Actress! There is a cell in readiness for thee. Thou shalt be a Little Sister of the Poor. Pass through! Be a good and faithful nun, and return in hope.'' " Art critic! Thou-shalt become a medium, a rapper,' a spiritualist. Go!" He shrieked. He had not looked for anything so terrible. But he could not choose but go. The Voice called out my name. And at the sound I awoke. And Behold! It was a dream. This paragraph is addressed to a hundred and fifty thousand young people who have MSS. which they . want published. My friends, be warned. Be warned. The adver- tising bogus publisher is abroad. He is always abroad, but at this moment he is active. His method is always the same, and is extremely simple. I have told it before, but I tell it again. For your own good I will tell it again and again. The young writer sends him a MS. He replies, that his reader has reported so favorably on the work that he is prepared to make the following offer. Mind, his letters are always written in exactly the same form. The young author is to send him £70 or £80, or anything else. Sometimes he says it is half the cost of production, and sometimes he does not. This money paid he will then publish the book, and the writer shall have no further lia- bility. He very often adds that he will "meet all demands up to 5,000 copies." The young author sits down and makes a calculation. He finds that the sale of 5,000 copies will give him a comfortable little profit of £500, or something like that, and he sends up the money. He presently gets the back back in type, and in due course gets a copy bound. Then comes a demand for corrections—say £7 14s. 6d. —he had not thought of corrections. He pays that bill. Next he wants to know when and where his book is advertised, and is told that the publisher never promised to advertise it. He most himself advance £10 or £20 for advertis- ing. Then comes a return showing a sale of a dozen copies. Where —oh! where—is the de- mand up to 5,000 copies? At this point the publisher proposes, with the author's consent, to change the title page, call the book a second edition —commit a fraud, in fact—and to spend another £10 or £20, which the author has also to find, in advertising this fraudulent second edition. If the author makes a fuss he pro- duces what he calls his reader's opinion, very likely he keeps some poor starveling on the premises to assist him in this his honest course. Now these words of mine are sure to reach some who long for literary success. My young friends, do not seek it in this way. If you want the better way take the advice of those who know. Remember that if your work is good enough to publish, it is good enough to be taken by some respectable publisher. If it is not good enough for that, nothing can make it a success—nothing at all. Never—never— never pay for publishing your work. This is an aristocratic country. Feudalism survives, The nobles form a class apart. There are certain lines in which only a man of good birth can enter. Yes, Very true, and yet—con- aider the career of the late W.H. Smith. He was a simple man of business; a successful man of business; an honorable, upright, and greatly esteemed man of business; but, if you please man of business, with no aristocratic cousins at all. And he becomes First Lord of the Treasury ! Not mind you for a Liberal or for a Radical Government, but for an aristo- cratic Conservative Government. He entered the House as a Conservative; he won his way upward by sheer force of character; he attained the highest place, short of Premier; he became the leader of the a House. It is really difficult to imagine a more successful career; to crown it with a Peerage would have been a kind of bathos. I wish to point out, upon this career, that it is simply impossible in any other country for a man of business to rise to this i splendid petition. Certainly not in France, where the man of business is regarded as a mere bourgeois, an object of good-tempered contempt. Not in America, where the trade of politicians is in the hands of lawyers— and a very dirty trade it seems to be. Not in Germany, where a statesman must either be "well born "or ennobled. It is only in Great Britain, the aristocratic Great Britain, the land of feudal survivals, that the nearest ap- proach has been made to the greatest freedom of all—the freedom to rise. It is only here that every boy can be said to have his chance. Mr. W. H. Smith had his chance and he seized it. The more honor, therefore, to the memory of W. H. Smith. Perhaps it may be said that he was a rich man, and that all gates are open to wealth. Certainly, he was a very rich man, and it is also true that in order to succeed in the political line one must be rich, or at least, beyond the reach of want. Fawcett was never rich, but he was always beyond the reach of want. The first and most important role for success in every line is that a man must possess the qualities which go to make suc- cess. Everybody knows that. But what are the qualities? They are many, and they in- clude certain things which are too commonly forgotten by the young man when he goes forth to war. Thus it will generally be found that a successful man possesses good manners; the semblance, at least, of good temper; the show, at least, of sympathy; and the appear- ance, at least, of courage and of kindliness. When you add to these qualities the indis- pensable one of skill in your profession, you will now, dear reader, by looking around you, understand why the shore is strewn with the wrecks of those who fail. There are also little things peculiar to every profession. The medical man should have a warm hand. One medico of my acquaintance never takes his hand out of his pocket except to feel a pulse. It is naturally a cold hand, and he therefore keeps it in this way at a genial temperature. Ladies especially cannot abide a doctor who brings a cold hand into the sickroom. Barristers who go into court must carry a front of brass; one that never knows a rebuff and never confesses a defeat. The clergyman must be able to persuade; there- fore be must be able to speak. It is the first essential. Our young clerical friend, who works like a nigger in his parish, may rest assured that he will never—never -never—suc- ceed until he teaches, and trains, and drills him- self to speak readily, forcibly, and persuasively, for which purpose he most learn the art of oratory. Then he will persuade. Then the people will flock to hear him. Then he will succeed. The solicitor, again, who would succeed must learn to listen to every client as if his case was the most interesting on record and the most difficult to tackle. Mr. Solomon Pell is the true type to imitate. I wonder how many people, even in East London itself, know of the Chinese quarter? It is a very little quarter—fancy a whole quarter of London being in the hands of the Mongols! You may walk about this place and never find it out; perhaps a Chinaman or two may lounge along the pavement; the observant person—but he is rare—may see a Chinese name over a shop door; that is all to mark the street where nearly all the Chinamen in London congregate; there is but one street, and it is a short street off the main thoroughfare; nobody for choice would enter that street. Lastly, it belongs to a part of London which is, to put it mildly, unattractive to persons of strict principles and religious conviction. Yet in this quiet retired street, there are lamps and slices and small chunks of China, of the great Chinese Empire itself, transported and set down in this corner of London. Behind these dirty doors, above this grimy little shop, are the opium dens and the gambling dens, the lodgings and boarding houses of the Chinese. They are a floating population; a few only are residents—those who keep the houses; the rest are sailors or men who have been engaged upon ships in the China trade; they do not, for the most part, dress in the national garb, but in a semi-nautical fashion. Nobody could make a Chinaman look like a sailor, yet some Chinamen dress like sailors when they are in the Port of London. Will you enter the private hotel kept by Mr. Uh- Kee? Downstairs there are, front and back, Chinamen sitting on British chairs, smoking. Every man has pipe, cigar, or cigarette between his lips. They look up as you open the door, but nobody takes any notice. They do not seem to be talking. Come upstairs. There is a tinkling, a metallic tinkling, and a rasping. It is Celestial music! The land- lord himself, who is sitting behind the door, produces the tinkling from a kind of banjo; a friend produces the rasping from a fiddle which looks like a stick of tin tightly screwed into a cap of tin with an instrument like a tin bow and a wire bowstring. There are about a dozen men and boys in the place. They are all sitting on chairs and smoking—every man is smoking, and the atmosphere is heavy and sickly, for besides the tobacco there is that other thing of which we hear so much. In the corner of the room is a broad bed covered with a rug, and on the rag lie two men, one asleep, and the other nearly asleep. They are opium smokers. When they recover they will get up and walk away and others will take their place. The opium den is curious and interest- ing, and not in the least bit horrible. Come away. Let as go into this shop oppo- site. It is a little bit of a shop crowded with Chinamen. The keeper of the shop speaks English—a little —a very little. He knows our guide, and we all shake hands. May we go upstairs? No, nothing upstairs—no opium— nobody—nothing. He stands at the bottom of the stairs and vehemently protests that there is nothing, and is so very violent about the nihilism—or vacuity or empty space upstairs, that one comes away bursting with curiosity to know what they were actually doing upstairs. May we go behind? "On, yes. All a same as pel-ay car." Behind the shop is a small room, which is simply furnished with a big table and nothing else. Stay: in the room is the shrine, the lamp burning before it, and the joss sticks stack in a pot with tawdry colored papers and all complete. On the table is a grass mat. And round the table, three deep, some on the table and some standing, are the gamblers. They play with Chinese coins; they have a banker and a croupier; the game is one of dominoes, and the excitement is intense. Look round upon the faces. Outside they are brown faces, heavy, complacent, good humored, con- temptuous, with the ugly thick Chinese mouth which speaks of cruelty and pitiless, merciless, ruthless selfishness. Inside, round the table, their faces are white, their eyes are bright, their lips are parted; they hardly breathe; they clutch the coins in silence; they stake them in silence; now and then there is a howl of triumph; they take no notice of the strangers. We walk round the table; we re- mark on the shrine; we look between the players; nobody cares. At the back of the room are a window and a door, the latter open ing upon the kitchen. Through the window we can see a great cauldron. One man has an instrument with which he stirs the contents of the cauldron. Suddenly he calls out. Then there is a scuffle from the shop and from the rooms above—Ha! There was some body upstairs, then!— They run in bearing basins and bowls; the cook ladles out the con- tents of the cauldron, and they carry out their basins full. The dinner hour of the Mongol is, therefore, 3 p.m. But the gamblers hear not the call to dinner. They play on. Mark, especially, that nowhere—not in the opium den —not in the gambling den—not in the shops, any sign of any drink. One would not rashly infer that the Chinaman never drinks or gets drunk. But so far as we could see —no drink. Only we were not allowed to go up those stairs, and I wonder still. I wonder and surmise in vain what was going on up stairs and why our friend was so eager to pre- vent any approach to the upper chambers? 