ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. . ? w ? P. B, — Your. tank contains 6005 8-Oths cubic yards, J. H., Hayi-r' He is older than I am' is the proper gram lriaticalform. Stntax;— (1) J over W is the rogisfcered brand of James Welmore, Currawaug, Guuuinjj. (2) Address, Pitt street, Sydney, will find them. Publications Received,— Issues for the current mouth of ' Tho Messenger of the i Sacred Heart' (Molbouruo), ' Australian Pastoralist ' (Brisbane), aud ' Young Australia ' (Sydney). Yass.— Thero arethroo places named Homburg in Europe — one in Hosse-Cassel, the Becond in the duchy of Berg, and the third in Bavaria. The name must not ho confounded with Hamburg, which is a maritime city in Gormauy. Bombo.— You would have to prove, not only that you wore misled in the matter, but that tho other party had deliberately misled you — in other words, that he had falsely represented his position in order to obtain the goods. Irish Songs 'Wanted—' Subscriber' requires the words of the 'Curse of Doneraile,' and another correspon dent asks for those of ' Granuaile.' Wo have been unable to discover either in a largo number of Irish collections ; but perhaps some of our readers may have them and oblige with copies. Dorothy. — The Unitarians are a heretical sect who, under various forms of Deism, deny the divinity of Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost, the doctrine of the Trinity in Unity, the Creeds, Sacraments and authority of tho Catholic Church and Holy Scripture. In matters of belief their leading guide is private judgment. Tho sect had its origin in the early Arian and the later Socinian heresies, A Subscriber asks— 'Can the Land Board compel my wife (who is a Public school teacher) to live on a selec- tion with me that I have lately taken up ? When we married I went to her home at the school, and I wish to know, if she refuses to reside on the selection, can it be cancelled, or is it a breach of the residence clause ?' — According to the letter of the law, it is not necessary that a conditional purchaser's wife should reside on her husband's selection ; but the law requires that bona-fide residence must be performed, aud it is there- fore considered that a man's home is the place where his wife aud family reside. In such a case as yours, in which your wife would be subjected to grave incon- venience and loss if she were to reside with you, we think if your own residence were unquestionable it should be sufficient. November 5. —Sue rises, 4 58 ; quel sets, 6.30. SATU14DAT, NOVEMBER 5, 1892. 