THE SOCIAL DEMANDS INSUR ANCE COMPANY. ftimkh. 22nd novkmi1eh.1 "Whatia tho least I can give without seem ing shabby?" is a question which many citizens have to ask themsolvos on the arrival of ovcry poBt. A largo percentage of our letters (we nro not speaking of charities) are requests for monoy, for monoy to be spent on futilities with which we havo no sympathy, hut to which tradition compels us to subscribe. There scorns to he a race of busy bodies, for example, whoexistforthe purpose of getting up testimonials, and monu- mcntsand memorials. They appeartoconsulttho almanac daily and to ask thoinsolvcs, "Whom can we tcaso tho public into commoraor&ting; ?" Almost cvory day is tho birthday, or tho cen tenary, or tho tercentenary of somebody. A hundred years have passed sinco l'rodgcrs was born, or died or published his immortal work. " Let us do something," cries the buBybody, " for the illustrious memory of Prodgers." He then consults tho liioyraphical Dictionary, and finds that Prodgers was born at Little Pedling- ton, or died there, or was at school there. So he determines to make Little Pcdlington a kind of Strfttford-on-Avon ; ho takes into his counsels seven other busybodlos worse than himself ; ho makes a committee, ho writes to the papers, he sends letters to ull tho conspicuous people whom ho can think of, ho asks for their names, nnd, worst of all, for their money. Those things cannot bo done without monoy, and Little Pcdlington (whioh never heard of Prodgers beforo) is enthusiastic, but docs not subscribe. A Prodgers drinking foun tain ia proposed by tho temporanoe peo ple ; the. local bookseller is all for a Prodgers library (as if any ono in Little Pod- iington ever read a book !) ; a Prodgers muneuin, containing Prodgers relics, the walk ing stiok of l'rodgcrs, his old hoots, his n ii ill pens, letters to Prndwor- nn«! similar objects, is "a felt want." Every man of lottcrs is asked to subscribe. There Is a Prodgers fete — many distinguished expressions of regret oro recoived, the local olorgy perorate, and all those splendors have to be paid for. Then the prob lem arises, " How Httlo can I give for Prodgers and his glory without seoimug shabby ?" There aro thousands of such demands. It iu Professor M'Glashan's silver wedding or his golden wedding, or ho is resigning his chair and somo noxious person decides that M'Glashan must have a testimonial or that his vuncrablo features must be immortalisod on canvas or In motble. The natural, and just thing would be for tho enthusiast to put his hand in his own purse and defray tho ncccunary and considerable expennos. But that is the last tiling of whieji the enthusiast thinks ; he gives his useless timo to committees and ciroulars, and a world of honest people, who novor think of M'Glashan, aro asked to subscribe. There is no help for thcrn ; subscribe they must, that M'Glashan inny smirk iu marble or frown in oils. If they hold their hands, will they not bo thought moan, envious and unfriondly ? Yot they have no enthusiasm in the cuuuo. The world lias wagged on without a statue of Prodgers or a portrait of M'Olnahan, and might contiuuo to do so. But they havo to pay, and naturally wish to pay, as little as possiblo, and with the smallest conceiv able amount of troublo. In addition to thoso endless and superfluous demands, thero Is the constant tax of wedding presents. These usually take tlio form of the smaltcst and cheapest artiolcs iu silvor and ormolu, but there is the trouble of selecting them and the expense of buying them at rotail prices. To meet all these difficulties, nnd to lighten tho needless burdens of life, the Social Demand Insurance Company hns been formed. Tho society, on receipt of a subscription, graduated according to tho income and neods of tho mem bers, will transaot for them the whole business, on tho cheapest possible scale. Tho socioty is not afraid of being called shabby ; it has no cor porate delicacy of feeling. Doing a large ready monoy business, the society enjoys exceptional facilities for the purchase of silver muffineers at a considerable discount, nod is thus prepared groatly to reduce the anuual ex penditure on wedding presents. It has esta blished a fixed ratio of contributions to testi monials of all descriptions. A large bankrupt stock of cporgncs and ducorativo clocks has been secured, and silver weddings can now be ar ranged for on tsntiufnotory, yet economical, terms. In the matter of portraits, the Boeicty has ongnged a staff of Impressionists and sculptors' ghosts, who will work at low rates, yet produce articles which, tho society flatters itself, aro calculated to give artistic satisfaction. Moreover, a collection of painters' misfits has been secured, on very reasonable terms. These are portraits rejected by the vanity of the sitters, and it lias been esti mated that they can be converted into tolerable likenesses of almost any professors, actors, schoolmasters, generals, musicians, landlords or masters of hounds, at aii almost nominal ex penditure. Thus commanding tho market, and utilising artistic refuso (that great principle of modern economy), the society is prepared to conciliate the most apparently antagonistic inte rests, and is equally ready to treat with tho organisers of testimonials and with tho unfor tunate persons who are at present compelled to defray the oxpem-es. Tho socioty, of coarse, makes no pre tence of being a purely philanthropic affair, but has all the prestige of a paying concern, Tho dividends, as tho society frankly announces, aro earned partly on the life insuranco principle. Inquiries are mado into tho character and habits of each membor, and his liability to calls for testimonials and memorials is estimated by an accomplished staff of aotunries and accountants. Special privileges are allotted to litorary persons, who arc pcoullarly subject to these taxes and peculiarly conspicuous for lnok of ade quate means. The mutual principle is also taken' luto account, aa auy ono of tho members may conoeivably become tl.o object of n testi- 1 raonial or a memorial himself. On fclio principle of lending libraries, opergnes, decorative clocks and similar expressions of esteem may go tho round among the members, who will thus bo re lieved, at intervals, not only of those distressing objeots, but of suoh wedding presonta as aro now reserved for tho domosbio chamber of horrors. Thoso will be removed by the society at stated periods without extra charge, tho expooses being defrayed at a kind of clearing house and by menns of s&io; by nuotion. Tho system is admirable in iU simplicity. Members (who have paid their subscriptions) merely send in to the secretary their weekly pilo of social begging letters, and have no further trouble with tho matter. The secretnry, -who has been ohosen for his immense experi ence and intimate knowledge of the human ,hcart, will send the smallest possible subscriptions or a letter conveying an elegant and moving expression of ro- gret, and of inability to contribute. For dukes in advantageous circumstances the highest subscription to a testimonial will bo £10 10s., whilo in no case will a person of let- tors bo charged more than 6. 8d. Owing to the socioty's system of transferable portraits, it is estimated that abundaucc of theso memorials will always be on hand for any occasion. Tho society is prepared to purchase old portraits of the Victorian era, nnd busts ; but must firmly decline to deal in equestrian statues, for whioh tho demand is slack, while a sufficient supply has been laid iu to moot tho demands for por traits of masters of hounds. The society ia not without hopes that its Erocciluro may end in ontirely destroying the usiness in testimonials, memorials, drinking fountains, statues and wedding presents. But this, of courso, must bo an affair of years, perhaps of centuries, and in tho meantime the society offers eligiblo opportunities to persons iu almost ovory class oi life. Artists rejected at the Royal Academy find hero a markot for thoir output. Almost any portrait of a gentleman, by aid of a gown and a gold chain, may be converted into a' mayor, whilo the addition of a Liddell and Scott, and an expression of responsibility, will furnish a headmaster on eeonotnio principles. The society employs its own architects, builders and decora tors for memorial halls, fountains and museums, and is prepared to treat with tho organisers of bazaar. Having secured a large supply of theological works, the society can furnish pre sentation libraries to towns on tho lowest terms consistent with efficiency. Candidates for Par liament will be dealt with on Bpeoially favorable term. 