\ '4 DA£ Itf THE cti&NiRY;, BY DAVID OHBISTtE MXTBEAT. His' name ; wai Brown-Smith — be wrote it with a hyphen, and was hurt when' people in familiar converse neglected to mark that faot— J. Brown Smitb. He wak a poet,' not avvery fine one-nerhabs. bnt cRrtainlv not a very bad one. Years of practioe hta.d given him the literary trick, which goes for more than ah uninstructed person wcnld be apt to' fancy, and 'he bad ft good heart and an Unaffected love for all things beaatiftilarid graoious. , He wore a slphched hit pnda long paletot, and sported a- big russet beard and' meustache, so tbat heibok'edratherlike abrigandotit of liiuineBS, until'hismildBhd!beneficent \- eye bewrayed him. He waB geDerally to be .seen with the amber stem of a big meereQbaam between his'lips, and he talked a good deal in a harmless ? tiray about Bohemia. . 'When he iiad i teen younger, Boh'emiahad .hid '-an j ? actual ' existence; but Brown-Smith | .lived in the lights 'and shadows '6f 'a dby' whioh had for some time departed, | and was faithful to traditions whioh weresoorned by the majority of his I . etinipeers. ' 'i He had been in love, probablymore ihan onqe.sin his time, .hat once at least. He had been alreadymiddle _ : aged when '.be. had made , his . :. .final ] nhoioe, ' and now 'hia --temples— warsj grizzled andhe was, bald on top, and were were lines of silver in the rnsset beard. The lady on whom he had be stowed iia affections had.been bnt half his age, and had elected to marry a xnnoh younger man. Brown-Smith proposed to her when she had been a : month . engaged, and, learning tbe ! truth, went away sorrowful, end made j his verses his wife, ' and the eronies of i his olnb his family oirple. . It befel upon an autumn morning; that .the breathof the dying .year put j -him in mind of the country as he sat ! in his London lodgings, and awoke a ; maving in bis. mind for tbe sight of ; yellowing trees and misty pastures, j ^Everybody he knew lived in town, and i of late years, though he wrotea great - ' deal about ratal things, he had hardly \- Been the country at all. He hated - ' constitutional walks end journeys ! without a purpoBe, and. for awhile. he ; ' conld think of nowhere to go to.: But \ ou asnddenhe -bethought, .him of his : old' sweetheart; who wassettled -fifteen ; or sixteen miles : away. fromLondon , ; andhe fanoied tfaietit would not he.an | nnpleaeant thing .to go:down «ud look j at her abiding place. ' He had rip idea f of calling upon her, or of intruding! himself in any way. His olumey and j -futile ' courtship 'Was ' now a matter of j ariinent history, and the probabilities i -were that he' was long ago forgotten, j He bod a notion thatin one way the! theme might be fruitful. . His mnse of ! latehad been a little Sterile, ' and per- : liaps the journey might' prove to have i a Bet of verses in1 it. That is the way i ^-f poets, and indeed of men of letters; . in general. Any little flower ' of ; 'emotion we may grow goes to market, : and is more or less consciously nur- ; tared and watered to that end. ' When i ^ ^^e'ha».'4jttp;: Jong^tJibe bnsineBB we j ? ~ . 'are market gaMenelVpnre atdsimple,, and grow roBe,; lily, and forget-me- : toot side, jby ^ide . with mandra-; gora and the deadly' 'hellebore, pull-! ing them and arranging tbem into' bouquets to suit the .fashion or fanoyof the moment. Brown-Smith; ?arose, donned the sombrero and the' long paletot, saw, to it that his tobapoo . pouoh and Britannia-metal fuBee-box! were well stooked, end, walking into' the street, hailed a hansom... That was; bis. constant babit. . If ever jie went: further away from , home than to his; club, ' whioh was just round the oorner, he went in a hansom, . He.hated rail way carriages and omnibusea, and if he by rare chance tried to go any where' 'ton -foot he Buooeeded only in losing 1 himself, and bad finally to call on a . cabman to extrioate bim from the London maze; He hadahandsome income of his own V indeed, - if he-had ' liad a head for business, instead of ' rhyming, he migbthave been awealthy man, and this was bis sole'exttava \- ganoe. He was soaroely seated 'when tbe poetic springbegan'toshow that it \- -was wound and;' whilst the cab ' clattered down 'Wellington-street and toverWaterloo-bridge, thepoetbegan tornanufacture verses:— {' Cabman, .who plieet in theroariDg Strand; . .Sleepily plieatin thettutumn weather, ? ( .! Pause, at the signal of my waving hand, . 1' J' let's aw»yitogeffier.r[! ' ?» iyj. 'Efiere at least .was a beginning, ftn^ . tlie feeling of the momenta The ''ineapQfei' ^as. i£e .practised' in suob ^ ^liles; B& 'gol a-eLe iri^mb'ryo bni ^pf ^a^owa. bf 'litjle children wti i ; : . ? whioh ^'iniBarithropio Bw eerktohiBd \- v.'tend of-d^eotion^ {Chenjn dae.timb :i; p'Uid'the cth nn betWeehgreenfields. : ' the igrttehd'emellot^troddeh ' ? .f.ni .g'atitwMfcifci?-; . h v.: ? \ : \- ' ^Vswoetw^Mt-' yjfeoe! i 'SJiej io^l^^yNi;' -^nBiderinlg- 'tbe^iuBineBB 'whfoh -twi/ ' ^fiim' afield tbat mornibgt — , : S?o thoilght Cl ;®ftB touchedtny, memory -for half « lo«tr^ ;i i- :? AnaiowvKow last; iyh|it a^veetEiit \- - ' 5-rise ? ; The fanciea mu»tor l ? ?^1l^ej4iLy*t-joTe, and .th!nk (tple-8aDt play, Ana^li^enyBnl it, »oo,a pretty paitime, ? . DpMlthei(d.tiinBflfde(MBda'«omedBj - ^'&DB;^S^el^^6u'SnS&®!,Sw6et^Di(ir?r--.-. 'Too :qo1te£oiget mk/aniillTO «l(haat you ! Anaonlyotiairmeilkaihlal^uuro ; To thiDk eboot you. ?' . ? ' fcfae'; . . ; fefirS was not goingi to ^be - pvet- een ti- ' i t U yh ? 'iiepifil; ' %ailousjy- *' -1 itt^lie'i' to look at hie old sweethe&rt;'s honBe. Perhaps, if be had fot-tned no such purpoBe,hemightbaveohoaen another measure and another oietbod of ex pression. But, in the ..oirouQStanoeB, if he must touoh hiB ghost at all, per- , baps it was well not tp lay a finger -of ' too much stress uponit. It slept, and v had Blept for many years* It would hardly , pay . to do more than half awaken:. it. ? He i went' on with ;his : verse-spinning, and in a dreary, half- 1 regretful way was happy.. He did not often say a humorous thing) but :his whole ; turn of mind was' humorous, and be had: never dared to take bim Belf too seriously. '. Onoe in a;way ,he had given his whole soul to a woman ; - hut she had: never cared- for him„ and ; he had been sent out' oft her i presenoe ? with a sore headache, jwhich had faded | away little by little into a tranquil regret with a sense of . romance abound It. ! These melanshblieB of the middle aged are not unpleasant. ,} ,? The- journey oame . to an end, ;and i the oabman pulled up; quite .naturally : at a publiohouse of the better .sort, ? and' Brown* Smith was ' welcomed at | the door. Oould .he Aave- .? luncheon : ?there! by-and-bye ? Anything .would' .serve. A little oold meat and a salad.? ; That would. do.. Their home-brewed ,; was greatly eBteemed in tbe neighbor- ; hood, tbeooarUeyinglandlady eseuKd | bitn. He would essay a glass atonce, j and so would the. eabman. The cab- : mau. J-auig.^ppealed Jto touched: the ^ brim of his hat and expressed a husky : preference' for something short. 'Two i of. gin; if you pleaBe, ma'am.' The ; bard drank bis beer rmeditatively and ! slowly, and: filled bis pipe anew. He had meant to inquire .of bis old sweet heart's whereabouts. That was a i -simple thing enough ; but tbe presence of tbe oabman somehow made it diffi- - wilt, and when, the driver had with- 1 drawn with instruotions to stable and feed hiB horse, and. get a snaok fori himself in the tap-room, it Beemed tool late to proffer tbe inquiry. . Brown-: Smith was shy, in fine, andhad a fear' whioh his himself confesssd ridionlous, ; lest the sentimental oharaoter of his: errand should be '.known, s He wandered 'Put a little disconso lately into the- lane. - It. was . high! noon, but there was an autumn mist! abroad, and autumn gossamer, clogged ! thick, with ^congested, .frost - dropB,, showed .-everywhere in the hedges.; Tbe lane was carpeted thick withi -fallen 'leaves, and . an earthly ? odour | ?rose from them, . remindful of a hun-: dred memories, -all more or less of a: mildly sentimental kind. Exoept! wbec the poetioal watohspripg set his; internal works agoing, and the. poetio' musical box sounded its.ipretty little- inward.tuneB, Brown-Bmith was, .inj the main, a mildly cheerful person.! But to-day, what with tbe train in! wbioh his thoughts had. started in thej morning, and his. propinquity to his' old sweetheart, and the eigns of lovely I deoay everywhere about, he grew to, feel aotually downoast and dejeoted.; All tbe mistakes of;liie :life. roBe np; 'before him, all itB failures and follies.; He felt . fprlorn and old, and. life in' .general , seemed to he a very fitter business. . ? \\-'- \- In.this melancholy ; mood /he wan-i dered on, untilit baourred to him tbat' he had made half-a-dozen aimless' tutnings, and had no. idea of hiB present whereabonts. He got lost in; his favourite London onoe a week; but there he -had always the l ubiquitous oabman to appeal to... Here there was nobody. The lane in which he found ' : himself was just wide enough for the: passage of an ordinary .vehicle, and was so walled in by tbiok-leaved hedges, and so arohed over by em- bracing boughs, tbat .the foggy gloom . of the :day was doubled, and only a damp and mournful twilight, illumif nated his surroundings. , The silence .and tbe solitude suited tbe mood' into which he had allowed himself to fallj and, since he had made it % lifelong praotipe- to .surrender himself to his own fanoies, he found it easy to give way to thiB. He arranged his long paletot so that he might take no \- damage from. -tbe moist grass, and, sitting down .upop a bank by ith^ roadside, took the russet beard in both hands,- land ' sat staring . at the bank opposite like a znodelfor a statue of poet in reverie. : Somebody might .come by to guide 'bim in. a while ; if not, no matter, ;, ! Just as he had arrived comfortably . at the conclusion . that there wap .nothingiin the world : in whioh it was . worth: while 4o belo^'A moment inter- . tested, he was': recalled to ibis honest, natural sslf by the merest trifle of , an. incident, in: the progress of. which h'e .. immediately beoame .absorbed. 3 .7 . ] v.:.-' .This v way, 'gentlemen, if ? : you- ipleaee,' eaid a voioe atonce suave and ' -bnsinesB-like; -J-., v-. : Tbejioet turned, , and iooked aorpds: ! his shoulder in the .,direotipn; pf th*e Vvbioe; iJnst wbere he . sat there was ja ; elight gap in the hedge^-r-a mere eyelet- ^ viiulei luje.eiipngh v^prdhim i^eBtnctedvie w, but .epsmall, that thv 'hedge r effectually ognoealed , his ..pjte-'. serioe. ;iHe ,«iW sbefon bim j» jipet^yy 4ittje-,gatden,jL.smopth.^Bhavenlawi}.^ and a small and tmpreteiitinus reel-'' MBentle bjf^ewtti^e-vill&'prder. Fro®' iits'dddr' emc^geda bustling gentlemab^ ' ina ;white'*faat,,.oarrymg:'ain6tebopk m -lonehi^d^nd'a'pehoUv^n^tbeiothe^l He was fellpwed -by. edme half-dozui'' 'men in Various ' etages of v dirty ifias^- ' 1 nesBj^rho'hadeaoh and aU4-eadyejreb,- a'nd'red 1ipB,!and thiok hooked hose^,': ?and whoeajsh carried jin one hand )a ?^m^hlet'a'hd^n'. the other 'a^nb^.; ^-h^ardil^mediatelyxeoogniBedthese' ^iinUemehk'B^bnkere,knd-£ witbbutneed of explan^tiottithetaeele; '«f^iousehiild effeotB'inife going on iq !. ' the pretty retired ' little villa. 1 T^e' j niacin the white .liat bhstlediorwud into the middle1 sf-Jtheflswh. jmd 'Jlf e j| , th wk-nosed^ppntingent. grouped abopt mm' at'Ta^ng distances. :. j ^ : ' .'pypti See yobi oentlemeh,' . ? , Baid. ' th'e ^ abptioneer, ? Beven g^r4«n-Beats, yariojiie|J 0^e patent/dupUx- aotion lawn-Dab^elr, *nfi , irohroUer/threewateiing-IiotB.'Bph^e, rake, and lioe. How mttoh for tuis lpt,.gentlemeu ? ' J :(-V The Vhandful bf brpkers ivanderedi unconcernedly about 'tb'eAlawii, ih-: 'speoting rthe' various Particles ^'ffer^d for sale with depreciating aspect and gesture.- ,? ?? ' noome, gentlemen,' said the.auo^ tipneer?-^%e jpatist^fa^ ihere ^U day. , How muoh ? Give me a bid to starts with.' : ???? ; 'Ted beb,' Baid 'one of thethick hoeed men. - ' : ; ? 'Ob,' gentlemen, 'gentlemen:| 'i -oried tbe- auctioneer,;, and beoame; fluent,, almost passionate^' in lauda-] tory critioism of . the articles offered, for sale. His voioe took a tone of pathetically remonstrant indignation.: ' Tin shillings! Oh, really^ really, gentlemen 1 Let us be .reasonable') Another thiok-noBed gentleman 'soared eo ' high into- the . air of -pure reason as to incrtaBe the bid - by six pence'; : The aactioneer expostulated.: The goods were .being thrown away. He was there to sell without reserve, but it was grievous-and hardly to be borne that the things he had: to offer should liave to be knooked down at: prioes 'so far below their real value. The Hebraio crowd listened to his.j ; diatribes with dreary patience ; but, nobody offering a further bid for the garden-seats,' jrariout) and tho rest, the lot was knocked down, and the whole -party, headed by the auctioneer, : meandered babk to the house again. : This little episode had inspired the! nnsuspeoted onlooker with a variety, of emotions, and, after the manner of. 'his :tribe, he had profoundly, pitied' half-a-dozen imaginary persons before the 'soene was' over. His bardio. bospm had been fired with scorn for the handful of money-grubbers banded : together to -take advantage of tbe: straitB of the widow and'the father-, less ; but when the .curtain bad fallen on the trivial aot he fell into a dejec-' tion more mournful than before, and gazed at the ivy-covered poroh of the small villa as if he read in it a decree of mysterious and all-embraoing doom. 1 As be looked, a small boy — a boy. of five, or thereabouts— came out; nursing a puppy, a smooth-haired, pot-bellied, helpless oanine infant of a' month or two. The boy, a sturdy little fellow, was evidently labouring' under a sense of. inquiry, whioh be did his best to oonquer. He walked resolutely towards tbe poet, as if he had bim in new, and. plumping down: on tbe wet grass within two yards of him, hugged -hiB burden , tp hiB breast with a gesture eo ' emphatic tbat the . puppy uttered a yowk of remonstrance. At this the child released, him, and. the pup,- in infantile glee, began, with a tottering jocundity, to charge about the lawn, and to bark with a pretence cf valour at imagined intruders.: He was at the age at whioh dogs -learn tp bark, ind was phviously prond of his. newly-found accomplishment. When he had sufficiently asserted hiB. own! importance, and bad expressed with especial v'eh'emence his opinion of -the people then within doors, he returned to his childish : companion, and tumbled over him in an eostasy of fawning affeotion. The boy gathered him up again in a loose armful, and 'began to cry silently ; but at this instant a jeering call broke in upon his ' solitude, and tbe poet, peering through the leafy soreen, saw a mean boy, a- repulsive boy, with a face freokled all over like a toad's baok, who had thrown one leg over tbe ^garden _wall eojn^hing_ lejs than a score of yards away. ' Yah I' Baid the freokled boy ; ' who's being sold up ?' At this the eyes of the infant with the puppy glittered suddenly, and his tears oeased; He clinched his white milk teeth, and put both arms about tbe puppy. ' Who's being eold up ?' the repul sive toy repeated. - 'Yah I' He detached small pieces of mortar from the top of the wall, and threw : them at the object of his derision. . Then, emboldened by the .absence of -.retort, for be was obviously, at the first glancs, a. .bpy: who loved tp deride in safety, : he threw the other leg over „ the wall, and dropped stealthily, into 4he garden. Then, having . assured himself by observation that this way of retreat was clear, and that, if need were, he ooutd eoale the wall before, the enemy: reached him; be threw a etone, and 'finding that this elioited no retort;, he grew still belder, and ventured forward. He was an older -boj than the rightful oooupant of the lawn.iand topped him by three un gainly inches. : ' Yah l' he said again, for he was a boy. unfertile in resouroe ; ' who'B, being sold up ??' The little cbap-with the puppy was breathing bard,' and to Brown-Smith!s . ;%yb, looked 'likely to- be dangerous. The poet had half a -mind to steal silently along the lane until he found the gate; thdn to enter, and effeot at . leaBt a momentary modification in the ^sentiment of the boy, with tbe.freckles. ; But heiwaB,a8hyman,,-andcqntented \- himself ?? with ' - watohing. The mean 4 boyi quite seanre by. .this time, stood' over the .objeat. of his eoorn, and spaded him. still further. . ?? ,f. ; -T in '®? pat^ ^Vifitsviti^,ma!^Ier !j)oy. : etarted to liie fee|, huggtng*his^nrden.\ : ?! . : jdefi^ntly, ;but.; Jet ^ 'toemiir' pf . doubt in hi^ tone; ' , ; :. j ? : ' Yfes they have, thpugh,' said ^the treckled b'dy.' ' They're ^gpiiig tb sdll him, . Npt as he'll fetoliim^bV.^'Tsih l; ? You :have got toJ be -b'ard npabefore ypu'd seU B pup like thit.'; - ' - --j 'Then the pnp and the bant and the 'hoy with the freokles were 'fall: ' simnltaneouBly startled I ' ? Th'e^up i was -whirled 'wildly in air. the freckled: %oy Waeemiiten with extremeviolencs' 'oiijthe vwy 'tip of his- jeering-'iitee;. crightio ve^ult ^he'neypri^.^^iTthe-. trampled soul ^rise, and.. the ^r^it ;tremble. . The .freckled boy^ was not yaliant in fight, bnt -lie :w%8 irobiut jof ;lung. He yelled m^foUyt and bii , sorpjimisjfirpughli bntjan^xoiteid--'urse-' .sgvliu a^liirl pjfff«inoes. 4r ?'?Lbo|:-»jta--! paid. the. chastised, tormentor.^ His . .nose ' wits * bleedipgi^and ' ' the : epectaole he prcsented there was po knowing what inihiy he had ;reoei ved, . Oh; you bM'moked, «a^hty,: girl. and in pne eeoond thekchaittpibn: pf the right was on her inee;-ahd every adjeotive ?' took, emjph'bBis from a Uonnding. sift# V^^^liitile^^iUpir; ? Istif^i^d afeay. ffibm^e'r and .lipbd 'tin -the^efehsiye.:i?^ji-^K..,- 7,; 1.: ? ?iv: *^Hesaid tte^-'-^.my {iuppyi' t v ' 8o they: will,' eaid the nurse-girl, spitefully angry. ' I'll see to tbat. Oh, ^master Gordon, don't bs making : -that noise, you'll' have everybedy: thinking you'rskilled. Oome indoors and Jet me wash yiurfaoe.' With that she 'matched the discom fited ihtrpder away. The puppy, at j whose, age emotions, however violent, i aro short-lived,.' liad forgotten his] astonishment, ' and returned frisking! to his playmate. 'They shan't sill you I ' said tbe: boy. . ' I won't let them sell you. You haven't done'anything to be sold, have you, Tiny ? Look here, I'll goi away and be a cabin-boy. I'll take' 'yolT-witbme, and 'then they can't sell you.' He. kissed the puppy on the nose, ; and set out at once; hot with deter mination. Brown-Smith arose with intent to meet the child at the gate and soothe injured honour with the: planter of a' new. half-crown, bright' from the mint, ' which he happened to : carry in his purse.* But before be had ' gained the gate tbe -boy was in the' lane, running as fast as his small legs: would carry him. 1 ' He won't go far,' ssid the poet to himself, and refrained from quiokening! hiB pwn pioe, leBt he should frighten' htm. ' ' After a burst of thirty or forty! yards the' adventurer fell into-ajog-j trot, and from that into.a walk. But; tbe walk was dogged and full of pur-: pose. The poot would -not havo-been' a poet if-he bad not remembered his own childhood. He too had risen, though many years ago, egaii st abuse and tyranny with a soul which flamed with all the passionate valour whioh inspired Garibaldi or KoBciusko. If all good inen, so Brown-Smith mused, wistfully watohing the little figure; before him, kept the childish courage and1 the obildish hate of tyranny the \- world Wpuld have bad smooth going for the weakest long and long ago. ''We degenerate,' said Brown Smith. 'The Hampden of five iB a trimmer at five-and-twenty. The infant Oromwell grows up to vote at the order of Canons.' Tbe boy walked- on, and Brown Bmith followed him, recalling a certain experience of his pwn, when he tep' had ? at tbe premature age pf five, rushed tp face the'world. He recalled the faot that that determination bad endured for some 'tenminuteB, and be looked for'tbe'same rapid eooling of heroic intent in . this case. The' boy . in front, however, held ^steadily on for a mile. By this time he had set down the puppy who frisked irresponsibly at his heels. The poeVbegan to find bis long paletot oppressive, and disem barrassing himself of it,- threw it over Jiis arm. What thoughts filled the child's mind beyond -the rooted sense of injuBtioe and resolve it would be diffioult to tell ; but he pegged away at his best paoe, looking neither to left nor right, for a- full hour. Brown Smith admired his energy and deter mination, bnt began to hope tbey would be of brief duration. On a sudden, the puppy after a frantic burst of high spirits, lay down panting in the road, and refused to be allured or oommanded further. In the end the child took him up again ; but in spite of anger and resolve he was already growing weary, and when he had oovered another hundred yards, he sat down upon a bank by tbe roadside to rest. The poet Btnilingly approaobed him and sat down. ' That is a nioe little dog you have there,' he said, by way of opening tbe conversation. The child looked shy, and returned no answer. ' Do you think he would make friends with me 9 Let ns see I He's tired, I fanoy.' \- Brown-Smith's voioe waB naturally gentle, and bis face was friendly and j inviting. Me child and the puppy, | with the intuition natural to tbeir several states and ageB, trusted and | believed in him at' onoe. ' And where are we going to,- my little man ?' The boy hung his head at this.query, and answered nothing. '-Aren't we rather a long way from home.?: Doyoulmow, it strikes me, that if we go much further we: shall lose ourselves. .Don't you think we'd better be going back again ?' No answer still. The boy fpndled the head pf the pup as he lay in Brown Smith's lap, and lppked up enoe at hie strange ocmpaniPn. , ' Don't you think,' asked Brown-Smith, hazard ing a guess, 'tbat mamma will be likely to iniss you ?' ' Sbe's-gone away,' said thechild ;. 'Betsy says she . isn't ooming baok : again.'. ..? 'Now,_do yomknow.'Veaid theppet, with an air of weight. :and gravity, ' I don't. Relieve in Betsy ? I think it very likely that ihamma's at home this minute. I don't fcnoio, mind you. I only say I think -it very: likely. - iSuppoBe we go and see;4' : . . She went away, this muming,' -the child answered. There was a ? oatbh- in his voioe. iind the resolute ^corners of Ms mouth - began to droop -a little.!. Sbe weqt away before the saleVYand - Betsy ?- says 1 . she's never, comingibabkagain.' \- .- ' We won't tronble our heads.-abeut iBetsy,'eaid theiiard, : with an .air of. weightier vdeoiBion ' than- befprs. ! ' Betsy's talkingnonsebee, evidently. Wby, bleas your eoul,' he oontinnea, . inva VMge altogether convinced abd. intima^ ' I daresay I'm twioe as .old' Sae you are— three times as old, ' ''perhups— and / neveriieard of such a -thing.*:. -The idea of mamma- going saway and never coming baok-. again 1 'Why, that is obviously, firepoeterous. -Perh'apBybu:don'tUknbw'what''itjisi to be ^obviously jirepo'sUrbus luBpt.: :when':athing'MObviously .prepos terous; people el ways laugh at it. ; I 1 -know 'that, because -Liiave been - oh; : viously ?. preposterous myself, and : \- pebplehave laughed at me.' ' This mild joke tickled him * little,, and bis pwn kindly humpuri had opened his heut, and made laughter easy.-, -He laughed gaily, and 'his. infant ofauge laughed also. The. pup. sattipin the bard's lap, and barked ?'foit&nipMLy;, '?-? .. . : .. '' Why, the little Jog laughs to see -snob fun,' Brown-Smith oontinued. 'He linowe when a thing is obviously prbpokterous, don't you, doggie ? \- What's your same, old fellow ?' ,. . ' ffiB'naUje's.Tiny,!' said the infant WandereijuffhO'WM quiteioertaihof hk man by this time- ' Mine's Bob. He'B two months old, and I'm five yews.' ' How'e Tiny ^oing to be rated on the ship's books ?' asked the poet. ' Is he going to be a oabin-boy ?' The child looked at him half-ashamed, and wholly wonderstrickcn. ' I know ' a lot,' said Brown-Smith, solemnly. 'I'oould tell you a lot of things. I' ' don't wonder at your punohing: Master Gordon, but : porhaps you. needn't have hit him quite so hard.' From that moment Brown- Smith's reputation was established. It was evident tbat concealment waB abolately worthless with a man like that, and Bob was easily won to tbe relation of his own: short and simple annals. Papa, it seems, bad died ever bo long ago when Bob was little. ' Less than I am now,' he said explanatorily. Mamma, of oonrso, was mamma. Tbey lived at Fir Trees. He oould, give her a looal habitation, but no name. 'Are you ever hungry?' Brown Smith demanded. ' I am.' He thought, of the oold meat and salad ordered now two honrs ago, and his inner man yearned at the fancy. 'We passed a nice plaoe five minutos baok. A plaoe tbat looked to my: as if it had milktind biBSuitB in it. Not at all an unlikely plaoe for oake I .should fancy. There might even be plum-cake there. I knew a plaoe of that sort onoe, where they had a plum oake with eugar on the top — frosted Bugar us thiok as tbat, upon my word of honour.' He held up his thumb in illustration. ' That's not a thing, to be looked for every day,' he hastened to add ' but still it might be there. Suppose we go and see, eh ? ' The immediate resolution tp eBoape from the tyrannies of BetBy, and to become a cabin-boy, made itself air when tbe poet conjured up this splendid vision. Bob, resuming oharge of the puppy, waB hoisted on to Brown Smith's shoulder, and presently the two invaded a tidy roadside inn, where as good fortune would have it, plum cake and milk were aotually obtain able. The poet himself Bat -down to beef and ale, and rejoiced wholesemely above tbem. ' You know thiB little gentleman,' Brown-Smith asked of the landlord. 'I've seen him afore,' the. landlord answered. 'His mother's a widow. She lives about three miles from here. I did hear aB she was to be sold up to day.' Have you suob a thing as a trap handy ? ' asked tho poet. ' I should like to drive him borne again.' Tbe landlord had a trap, and in ten minutes it was ready. ' Drive to Mrs. Barton's, Jim,' oried the landlord ; and Brown-Smith started at tbe name and even paled a little; Tbe old sweetheart, about whom he had been spinning verses all the morn ing, bore that name. It waB hardly likely tbat there were two Mrs. Bartons in the same ontlying village. It was by no means an im possible thing tbat there should be two, but to his miud - it seemed improbable. Was bis old love really a widow, and in distre bs ? And oould it be really her child in whom he had taken a passing and kindly interest ? He scanned the boy's face with a new eye, and even thought be read some likeness to ber features in it. Tbat might be no more than fancy, bnt it was enough to set bis heart fluttering. Tbat organ had bo long been qoiet tbat its mild disturb anos seemed almost volcanio to him. He had never dreamed tbat anything would touoh it again in this world. If the old Olara of his dreams were really free ? He sat on thorns through the brief journey, and answered the boy's prattle at absent random. Suddenly the trap turned a corner of the lane, and the gate was in sight. Nursemaid Betsy was there with a slight figure in grey beside her. They beth turned at the spund pf wheels, and the boy sang out ' Mamma 1 ' in a rejoioing treble. The. poet raised his hat and blushed like any schoolboy. ' Mrs. Barton,' he said, as the trap oame to a standstill, ' I found your little boy some distance away from here, and I was afraid be might be lost. I have brought him baok to you.' He alighted, and lifted the ohild to tbe grpund. The yenng widow was pale, and lopk as if she had known trouble. She was embarrassed too, and aeoepted the ppet's proffered band with atshyneBs which, as he thenght, beoame her very prettily. The ten years whioh had elapsed sinoe he had' seen lier last had left her girlish still, and-he thought how wonderfully little she had.altered. The old roses would oome baok with prosperity and happi ness. He. was amazed to find himself, as muoh in love with her as ever. 'We have not met for a long time,' he said,. . . . . . , _ 'No,'' Bheanswered. ' It is along time sinoe wis met. You are a little ohanged, I think.' ' Am I ?.'.' he responded, 'I don't feel changed at all.' , -.V Here he remembered the - hostler, and dismissed him with a fare whioh ! sent off the simple fellow in astonish ment., Nursemaid Betsy, milder under, the maternal eye than when free of its' controlling influenos had led the obild away. ..The puppy alone remained as a : witness . to : the interview, ,' and he lppked from one tp the ether with an inquiring sagacity, mnch as if he'had .expected things tbi^ke this turn, so far, . and was interested In the dinoue mmt. ?? . j 'I.eame down('\eaid Brown-Smith, ?' pn .purpose : tp have a look at the .piece you lived in. II hope ypndpn't think that a liberty.' '' ? t ; ? She jgave :one tyief glanoe'at him, and lowered-her eyes. . ' I leam that you are lonely, Glara, . and l am afraid from what I have seen] and .heard to-day, tbat you are not top , -yell to dp. Exoiiseme; I am an old friend,- /pu.'knpw, and I Was always clumsy. If yon oould let me help you, Olara ? ' '? He etopped there, net daring tbl speak, all hU nund at onoe. : ' 'I have a plaoe tp gb to,' she answered. ' Some friends of mine : . have found me a situation.' ' Don't take it, Olara 1' said Brown-. Smith,, impulsively. . . 'What else is before me?' she' asked. — ^ ' My .dear I ' said the poet,, with a direotnesssuoh as poets rarely use, 'I am befere yen. Take me, and let the situatien go. I am np younger than I was, and I thought, until I heard the truth to-day, that I had oured my self of my pld fanoy. I find I have net.' She murmured something about it ; being all so strange— bp unexpected. ' Strange and unexpected to us beth,' he answered. I have kept : lonely for your sake all these years.' Fivo minutes later the wanderor, hiB desire for naval adventure clean forgotten, found mamma and tbe friendly stranger sitting side by side in a little arbour, and clambered without hesitation on tho poet's knee. ' Mamma,' he said, ' thiB gentle man found me when I was going to sea to be a oabin-boy.' ' A true bill,' said tbo poet. Ho was so bright and smiling, and in spite pf his grizzled temples leoked bp ypung again that for a time at least, the last ten years' ef heartaohe and of loneliness might have been clean wiped away from him. The little widow was smiling too, gravely and tenderly, and tbe roses of her youth were baok again. ' I say,' said Master Bob, boldly, dividing the poet's beard and looking up at bim, ' I told you what my name was. What's yours ? ' ' Mine ? ' asked the poet. ' I am papa.' ' Is tbat }rne, mamma ? ' ' Yes,' said the little widow, taking the boy from bis proteotor's knees and hiding her flushed face against his ohoek. ' It's quite true.' ' Well,' eaid Bob, with an aecent of decision, ' I call that jolly.' — Strand Magazine. A oommissary of polioe is, generally speaking, a diffioult man to surprise, but tbe. functionary ocoupying that important post at Aubervillers, near Paris, had to oonfess reoently that be was astonished fairly. Hib stupefac tion was oaused by a glass-blower, who oame to ask permission to eat in public five live rabbits in a neigh bouring oafd, in order to settle a bet. The oommissary having first eatisfied himBelf as to the eanity of his visitor, informed him that the law against oruelty to animals would not allow of tbe feat being attempted ; but if be would first kill the rabbits, he oould eat tbem raw with the skins on. Tbe glass-blower was quite eatisfied with this arrangement, and in the presenoe of a large number of spec tators attempted to win hiB bet. He got through the first rabbit without apparent difficulty, but tbe second disappeared less quiokly, and befere pommenoing bis third course the wagerer fell heavily to the ground in a state of unopnsoipusnesB. A man prominent in Canadian political life, bnt careless of bis dress, was pnoe on his way to call upon a well-known gentleman in Quebec, and etopped an Irishman in the Btreet to inquire the way. ' Oan you tell mb where Mr. Hunter lives ?' said the statesman. ' It's ne use your going there,' was the unexpected reply. ' But do you know where he lives ?' 'Faith an' I do ; but it's no use going there.' The inquirer began to get augry. ' I didn't ask your advice. I simply want tp knpw where Mr. Hunter lives.' ' Ob,' well, be lives down the street yodHer, the first house round the oorner ; but I tell you it's no use your going there, for I've just been there myself, and he's al ready' got a man.' Mr. Hunter bad advertised for a servant the day before, and tbe statesman, so the story goes, went at onoe and bought a new hat. 