Crumbs Wet. Cold. Fools. Wintry. Passion. Jerusalem. King Mob. Stock BtilL Crass folly. Might rules. Oh, Handy! Short Bitting. Rods in pickle. Reign of terror. Shameful scenes. Pitiful confession. Sunshine and rain. From bad to worse. Ruining their cause. Civil service scandals. Utopian ideas derided. No respect for age or sex. What will the climax be? Little hope of a settlemeni. ThereH be bloodshed soon. King Famine approaching. Do we live in a free country ? " Splendid act of treachery." Private rights trampled upon. Assembly only this afternoon. Unionism the supreme power. Lawless aots goine unpunished. Last two nights of Max O'Rell. No new principles in the policy. Barometer at noon to- day. 29*84. Parliamentary picnic to-morrow. South Australia will suffer severely.. Satan finding mischief for idle hands. HoneBt miners suffering for others' sin9. Law-abiding subjects must be protected. Who would have thougbt it of Handyside * Brother Holder has reason for thankfulness. British liberty counting for nothing at the- Hill. No progressive land or wealth tax this session. Proposed stock tax relinquished by Queensland. Broken Hill papers taking a peculiar attitude. Sale at Christchurch Schoolroom this after* soon. Cosmorama will open to-night in Rundleatreet. Nice weather for \iewing an irrigation oolony. The firm hand of Sir Henry Parkes is wanted. Stock tax bas brought many troubles on our neighbour. Mr. Copley as the champion of privateenterprise. Handy looks uncomfortableasaMinister, and no wonder. Tommy Hudson—last three nights—the Town Hall, Judge Lynch at work in all but his capital jurisdiction. Queensland anticipates a deficit of S150.0Mfor the year. Benefit performance this evening in the- Altert Hall. The Council have had enough of Parliament for one week. Those who can afford to do so are leaving Broken Hill. Tom will talk to-day, and he never was a crisis-monger. Broken Hill miners the best paid labour in New South Wales. No reason given for the ejection of the Playford Ministry. Very little assistance will be forthcoming from other Unions. Watohmen leaving tbe mines, believing their lives are in jeopardy. Miss GulL Hack has given a highly success* ful concert in Sydney. Public meeting this afternoon in Town Hall' 1 re Broken Hill strike. First instalment of the "rest and qu : eb~ policy"—a brief sitting. Let's have more rest and quiet of the earns character, by all means. Petitions flowing in for a stock tax. Theyknow not what they ask. Big deputation re women's suffrage to - Premier to-morrow morning. Respectable persons not allowed to go to • their homes without a Union permit. Village settlements proposal only the blockholders' loan system in another dress. Hon. W. Copley considers our conditions are far superior to those of the Swiss. Fourteen thousand questions answered to the Shops and Factories Commission. Sun ruse at 7-10 &.m.; sets at 6 p.m. Moon set at 4.25 a.m.; rises at 2.26 p.m. Victoria had the excuse of a deficit foe increasing her tariff. That can't be pleaded here. Mr. Copley says some of the Londoners live by their wits, seme by loafing, and others by honest labour. At the end of last session, Handy says, he promised to help Mr. Holder to oust the Playford Ministry. It iB urged that a display of force will irritate the men. We have heard that humbug before. " Nationa tbe mines," after private enterprise has discovered and developed them. Pretty idea that. Hon. J. V. O'Logblin says the progressive land tax 'movement is stronger than -ever. What sublime faith. It has been amply demonstrated that many - of the mines could not be profitably worked. under the old system. " The people"—not Legislative Council electors—to decide whether the term of the Council Bhsll be shortened. In the census of 1881 in New South Wales, Roman Catholicism numbered 275 out -every I,000, but in 1891 the proportion hod decreased • to 255. The legitimate Government of New Smith Wales will incur a serious responsibility if they do not at once provide adequately for the protection of the Queen's subjects at Broken Hill. " One specific cause stated by the Directors for their notice was that many of the men had tacitly broken tbe agreement by not giving eight hours' work for eight hours' pay—a charge also made openly at a meeting- of the Miners'Association at Broken Hill in March last." OBIT.—Amccg tbe many men who left their - "footprints on tbe sands of time," and departed on July (i, were the following:—Henry - II., of England, the monarch whom the Pope - of Rome compelled to do penance at Archbiebop Becket's gbrine at Canterbury, died • 1189\. Pope Benedict XI. gave up the ghost, - 1303\. Edward VI., the founder of<\- the - Hospitals of Christchurch, Bridewell, and St. Thomas, and p number of grammar schools, paid the debt of nature, 1553. Archbishop - Grindal, a learned prelate, who during. the reign of Mary found the atmosphere of England too stifiing for - him, and in consequence made tracks • for Germany, expired in 1583. Humphrey Wanley, archeiologist aud bibliographist, quitted his mortal frame, 1726. Michael.- Bruce, a talented and promising Sootoh poet, joined the great majority at the early age of 21 in 1761. Granviile Sharp, the uncompromising, advocate of the abolition of negro slavery, was delivered of the burden of the flesh, 181X. Madam Blanchard, the famous aeronaut, was killed by a fall from a balloon at Paris, 1819.: Sir Henry Raeburn, the famous Sootc'h portrait painter, entered " beyond the gate," 1823. Having been knighted one day by George HI-, the wits of the day said they saw the Ray-bam in the (k)night. FAX.—Do you happen to <cnow the origin of the phrase "cutting one's hair—I mean heir off with a shilling V If not, just read, mark,, learn, and inwardly digest what follows. Our indefatigable historiographer has hunted it upforyourppecialedification:—"In 1772 J. G. died at Lambeth, and his will contained the following complin- entary reference to liiisbeloved spouse—'Whereas it was m> misfortune to be made very uneasy by my wife Elizabeth for many years, from our mar- . riage, by her turbulent behaviour, for sbewas not content with despising my admonitions, but she contrived every method to make me unhappy. She was soperverse in her nature that she would not bereolaimed, but seemed to be bom only to be • plague to me. The strength of Samson, tha knowledge of Homer, the prudence of Augustus, the cunning of Phyxras, the patienoeof Job, the subtlety of Hannibal, and the watchfulness of Hermogenes could not have been sufficient to snbdae her, for no skill nor force in the world would make her good; and as we have lived several yean separate, and apart from each other eigh t years, and she having perverted her acm to leave and totally abandon me, therefore I give her one shilling. " How kind 1 But I guess titers was no love lost-. what say you ? 