'S LITTLE A NEW NOVEL. DAVID CHRISTIE MULEAY , Authoi: of " Joseph's Gout/' ':Auiit Radiol/' " Rambow Gold," &c.; STEC1AILY intJTTZ.Y FOJl AUSTRALIA*? VA /'7w?.V. 1*1.1, QT7£EKcLC*D r.IoilT8 JlESEBVED.j CHAPTER XXX. jfHEN Redwood had received the letter in which Dom informed him of his mother's knowledge of the truth, he had at once hastened to his employers to ask for leave of absence. The permit was given, all the more readily since the firm had need of his services in their London establishment. HcwaB bidden, bo soon as the urgent private affairs which took him away should be arranged, to enter upon an employment which would cost him some two months of time. He went to his work sick at heart, but resolute. Life was savourless, flavourless, without colour. He did his duty doggedly in spite of all, and in the meantime, an event was preparing which set him in a position perhaps unique in the history of mankind—a position so terrible and strange, that whilst it lasted it made the sorrows he had already endured seem trivial in comparison. To the amazement of everybody about him, Hetberidge began to mend again. Mind and nerves were alike so blunted that the shock of actual discovery and . denunciation came upon him with it& finitely less effect than might have been predicted. He had swooned in Mrs Redwood's grasp, and had lain long unconscious, but on his return to knowledge of the things around him, his medical men discovered to their surprise that there had been no second paralytic seizure. He was Bhaken and weakened, and it might bo that his recovery was indefinitely retarded, but the symptoms to be most dreaded were but littlg. aggra vated. Sir "William Keppell gave it as his'opiniou that his patient's fall upon the lawn was due to vertigo induced by over exertion, and the suburban practi tioners respectfully followed .in his train. Jiethendge's mind during the weeks that followed affords a curious study. He remembered everything that had passed, and from hour to hour and from day to day he expected the open denunciation of Mb crime, but how it had come about that he had been recognised after all that lapse of years he did not guess. He had been washed and dressed day by day by his attendants, and had not seen his own image in a glass from the moment when that damning likeness to his old disguisu had begun to steal upon him. Had he heen in full possession of his faculties, his instinct of caution would have taught him betterthan to permit himself to return to ' the similitude of the false Andre Dom, who had murdered Elliec llcdwood's hus band. But his thoughts were all clouded and undefined. They had no distinct and definite boundary, and they melted, as it were, one into the other, changing con fusedly, so that whilst he peered dimly at one idea ho would find himself suddenly confronted with another which in no way resembled it, and perplexed him with the strangeness of its aspect. In a sense, this mental condition was favourable to recovery, for it robbed all his sensations of their poignancy and gave his shattered nerves repose. Xothing seemed to matter very much to him. The worst had hap pened already. The unseen image which bad so long haunted him had at last declared itself, and in that instant ho had tasted the pains of hell. All the punish ment his undetected crime had brought him, the slow years of unrepentant dread, the remorseless accusation of the ghost that , tracked Kim, had seemed as if gathered into one appalling and over whelming avalanche of agony. Theroare things for the expression of which tho human vocabulary is inadequate, and the extremest words alter all express no 11W than averages. The stupendous force of the blow which struck ■ him, the earth quake rending of the soul with fear in that swift point of time in which it fell, the hideous and instantaneous rout of every vital force within him—all these things are properly indescribable. • They are outside the realm and sway of words, and even the imagination conceives them feebly. He learned by-aud-by, in a dim, un interested way, that he was ruined. That mattered as little as anything and everything else to him. The visits of Sir [William Keppell ceased without explanation on the side of that ex pensive physician, or curiosity on Hetheridge's. When, after a space of five weeks, the walks about the lawn were resumed, he found that two of his servants had discharged themselves and had taken flight in search of an unbroken master." .Tessamer came to see him and had an interview in which he set forth the irremediable character of the crash. Hetheridge heard and understood, and accepted the understanding with an in difference which looked astounding to anyone who had not the key to his mind. All his books and papers were in the 'hands of a firm of accoun tants, and his creditors were await ing their report and the sick man's recovery. The failure had carried wide spread ruin with it, and a dozen firms had gone down like so many houses of cards. .Tessamer was full of it all, and it possessed him with a sense of importance and personal merit which he had never felt before. There had been no such panic in the financial world of London for the past five years, and Jessamer enjoyed all the dignity pertaining to it, and experienced none of the attendant pains and penalties. He revelled in a sort of awe-struck exaltation, and savoured his own importance with a relishing nostril. His employer's indifference had, to .Tessamer's mind, something almost impious iu it. lie seemed careless of his own dignity. To bo the snpremest bankrupt of that decade and to hare no pride in it! One or two local tradesmen had hurried freely in with petty claims which were not even fleabites when compared with what remained of the gigantic figure they assailed. They sued in the County Court, and conjoined together to put a man in possession, hut Jessamerdismissed him with his claim, and with a scorn so lordly that the man shrank away abashed. Jessamer visited these presumptuous tradesfolk and rebuked them to his own great enjoyment. Did these yokel in telligences presume to imagine, he de manded, that a man, a man who had failed for two millions sterling, was to be harried by their like. He had never eared for Hctheridge the man, but he had esteemed Hctheridge the financier always. Now, in the grandeur of hi3 fall he would, had his employer shown a proper j spirit, have revered him liko an emperor. As Hethcridge's bodily strength re- ' turned his mind cleared, and his troubles and terrors became more real to him. It was as if with every ounce of strength he ' gained an extra ounce of weight were posed upon his shoulders. 1'or three months he had been free of his phantom, but now it began to visit him again and to tnko its old place at its shoulder. He thought with an inconceivable dread of the possibility of its reappearing before him, and ho would have liown to the uttermost ends of the earth ratherthan face again tho accusation of its gaze. Ho clung to life with a desperate tenacity. What-' ever day of life he could secure meant a respite from an imaginary something which must necessarily. be worse than what ho had endured already—that ugly f'-r.-icii! hell which is tho bugbear of ignorant and ignoble souls. He had put its contemplation to tho door thou sands of times, but it came back now with a constant insistence and reiteration. It had always returned after expulsion, but he had been used to contemplate it from far away. Perhaps he had been able to think it had been no more than a bugbear after all—a device of the nurse to scare , naughty children to propriety. In any case it had been distant. He had felt young and full of health and vigour, but now he dared doubt no longer, and the awful thing was near. Ha was an old and broken man, aged years before his time, poor and friendless, with no hand to guard him from the rubs of the world, or to help a wretched and despairing soul to cling to an enfeebled body. He wondered why he was not de nounced to justice, and as the days rolled by, leaving him still at freedom, his terror mounted to hysteria. So soon as he coald possibly gather strength enough to move about the world alone, he re solved on flight. He had an abject terror of the house he lived in, and had never once dared to re-enter the chamber in .which hiB phantom had suddenly re solved itself into seeming flesh and blood. A day or two before his illneBS a pay ment of some few hundred pounds had been male to him in Bank of England notes. This was a very rare occurrence, for in his establishment, where thousands and hundreds of thousands were gambled for, the game was played by the medium of paper couuters. Cheques, promissory notes, hills of exchange, securities of all sorts were plentiful; hut in that very temple of mammon a bank note was a rarity, and'a coin passed in the way of business a thing unknown. He had thrust this haphazard sum into his breast pocket, and had decided to pay it into the bank together with chequeB and securi ties of far greater value, but had forgotten his intention for the day, and had carried the money home with him. It was but a small affair, and he had thought hut little of it, but now he recalled it to memory with an extravagant joy. Granted that his strength came hack to him, he had the means of flight. He could at least put the sea between him and his fear3 of arrest. It was significant of him, and natural in him, that no thought of the girl whom he had reared to regard him as her father, entered his mind. She was f argotten as completely as if she had never existed. He had accepted the charge in one of the few touches of right he had ever ex perienced in his lifetime, and had con tinued it half freakishly and half to vent a spite on a man whose manner displeased him. It is probable that she would have profited immensely if he had died before ruin fell upon him, for he had no ambition to leave a name behind him such as has urged the founders of great charitable enterprises, and he had neither friends nor relatives amongst whom to divide his wealth. She would have been his natural heritfix although only by the perpetration of a harmless fraud which had become habitual to him. He remembered to have thrust the bank notes into a cash box which he had placed in an old-fashioned armoire in hi3 bedroom. So far as he had reason to believe, it had been under lock and key ever since, and when once the double idea had occurred to Mm that the necessity for flight was urgent, and that he had or ought to have the means of flight at hand, he was on fire with fear and impatience until he could decide that the precious paper had not been tampered with. The master of millions when he last entered the house sought now for this mere hand ful of money with a desperate eagerness. He was on the lawn when the memory of his treasure occurred to Mm. He sum moned his one remaining man servant and bade him assist Mm "in mounting the stairs. 1 Faster, you snail,' he snarled, as the man paused upon the midway landing to give him breathing timo. He dismissed him fiercely at the bedroom door, and having secured the door with fingers that scarcely obeyed his will, he hobbled on his two sticks to the armoire, and to his intense relief fouud that the cash box had not been tntapered jyith. It came into his mind that onee before in his career he had made use of a sum of money, set carelessly aside in safety without the merest glimmer of knowledge in his own mind as to the service it would render him, and for a time he exulted. 'I shall he away,' he said to himself, as he sat in an arm chair, fumbling with the notes and gloating over them. ' They tMnk I am helpless here. They fanoy that I can't get away. They are making inquiries to confirm suspicion, and are taking their time about- it. I am stronger than they fancy, t have- more wit than they think for. I rholl baffle them yet.' If he had not had Buch grounded reason to fear pursuit, his dread of it would have. amounted to a mania. It was in the air, he sweated at its menace in the night timp, his days were full of it, and every footfall in the quiet house, every arrival of the doctor, every innocent messenger who bore provisions to the kitchen quarters brought that threat nearer and made him tremble at it. His attendants had been honeBt, and the loose coin he had carried in his pockets at the moment of seizure was still in his possession. It amounted to some £G or £7 in gold and silver. The only personal vanity to which he had ever surrendered himself lay in the possession of jewellery, and he had ring3 and scarf pins, watch chains and jewelled pendants enough to have satisfied the desires of half a dozen average dandies. So as soon, as bis poor modicum of strength returned to him, he emptied all these from the various cases in which they rested, and made a littls glittering heap of them upon his dressing table. 11 shall have something to live on,' he muttered; 'something to live on. ~I shan't starre for one while anyhow.' He sat down at the table to arrange the searf pins in rows, pinning them into a handkerchief, preparatory to packing them away, but his fingers were clumsy and tremulous, and seemed reluctant to obey his will. He succeeded at last, how ever, and having rolled up all the wealthy gewgaws, he thrust them into the foot of a sock and locked them into the eaahbox, which inits turnhe secured in the armoire. From that hour he act himself resolutely to do whatever seemed likely to increase his strength. He followed the ordinances ' of the doctor with slavish fidelity, exer cised himself persistently but without overtaxing, and bent tbs whole remnant of his will to the one end he had in view. In his own dreadful way, he had given proof years ago of an iron tenacity of resolve. He was enfeebled in every reBpect, and brain and body had alike suffered. His purpose was not of the old indomitable force, hut he still made it serve. "Within two months from the hour of his daughter's departure from the house, he felt that he might dare to face the, world. He could far les3 dare to wait and face the danger which slept so quietly. ' He had had his hed conveyed to one of • the ground floor rooms, and had caused the apartment to be furnished in all respects as a bedchamber. The difficulty of mounting the stairs gave an absolutely valid excuse for this manoeuvre, but he was in great anxiety lest his real purpose should be discovered. The night was cold and raw, and when he looted out upon it from his window a thin gauze of . cloud, with an opalescent aqueous light within i^, was hurrying, wind driven, across the face of the half obscured cres cent of the .moon. The bare poles of the trees whipped the air and clanked against each other in the November blast. It was after 10 o'clock. The house had been still for a full half hour, and not a mouse was stirring. He had attired him self in a heavily furred overcoat, had packed his valuables and change of under clothing in a small bag, and now stood ready to depart. The French windows opened close to the drive, and once out side of the house there was no fear of his being missed before morning, and harlly any of pursuit even then until such time as the avenger should receive news of his flight. The night air struck upon him with a fresh chill, which braced him, and he walked stealthily towards the gate, taking care to avoid the drive, which was faintly illuminated by the rays of a distant lamp, and crossing the lawn where the shadows of the evergreens deepened the gloom of the night. The gate creaked upon its hinges as he opened it and gave his nerves a momentary jar but nothing came of- it. He walked along the street, seen now for the first time for nearly half h year;'.and quite unfamiliar inits wintcraspect.Thetje had been rain that afternoon, and the puddles in the road crinkled and shivered beneath the wind, and glimmered palely in the light of the street lamps. "SVith a view to his enterprise, he had feigned an especial weakness on that day, and had taken complete rest. The vigour which animated his limbs was surprising to himself, though the passers by saw ouly a tottering old mau-.,with darkened glasses and a great gray beard, who shuffled painfully along the pave ment with the aid of a walking stick. Ho had laid all'his plans beforehand, and was ready with a scheme to baffle pur suit when it should start upon his trail. He made his way to the nearest cab stand, distant, perhaps, 300 yards iram his own gate, and hailing the driver of the sole vehicle standing there, instructed him to drive to Kcw. He entered the cab with considerable difficulty, and was driven away. ' Have the glass down, sir ?' the driver asked him through the little aperture at the top of the cab. ' Ho,' he answired brusquely, in that distorted voice which had belonged to him since his first seizure, ' Drive on.' The cabman touched his steed with the whip and resumed the slashing pace he had for the moment relaxed to make his question audible. .Tho rush of cold air into the cab vivified and half intoxicated the passenger. Ho was coated well and had a thick silk muffler tamed about his neck, and it wbb a physical joy to be back in open spaces. Where the road was clear of houses, the flat meadow lands, with their trees which wrestled in the embraces of the wind, lay gloomy and sombre on either side, with winking rain pools throwing a slant light for a mere instant of time beneath the moon, or in the gleam of some distant lamp. The clouds hurried in confused and obscured masses across the sky, changing in form perpetually. The splash and rattle of the horse's feet, the whim and ramble of the wheels, the phantom trees that ran to wards him from the darkness with their battling branches, and were passed and vanished in a flash, the rushing wind, all seemed to speak exultantly of liberty. He hugged the precious bag upon his knees in both his fur-gloved hands, and leaning ' his bearded chin upon the crook cf his walking stick, he stared right and left into tho night, and triumphed at every stride that brought liim nearer safety. When he had reached the end of his drive, had paid the cabman, and bad seen him drive away, bis mood failed him suddenly altogether. He knew but little of Holy Writ, 07id could have made to guess as to where the phrase might be found or where he had heard it, yet the words came into his mind as clearly as if a voice had whispered them : ' Though I • fly to the uttermost ends of the earth, Thou art there.' His fear was at his shoulder again, the murdered Eedwood dogged his footsteps, and the delighted frenzy of a minuto back was a mockery and a delusion, which left his state yet bitter and more forlorn. He had caused himself to be set down ■within a little distance of the railway station, and walking thither he feigned to i make inquiries about a train to Barnes. Emerging, he chartered a new cab, and was driven Londonwards as far as Ham mersmith, where he had a confusing choice of lines of rail which would help still further to check pursuit. He chose the District Lino^md booked for Charing Cros3. Arrived there, he discovered that the mail started for Antwerp, via Dover and Ostend, shortly after 7 o'clock in the morning. He took a room in the hotel which commands the station, aijd having forced himself to eat, drank three or four glasses of brandy and water, and so betook himself to bed and to sleep. In pursuance of the orders j he had given, he was aroused in time to j dress, breakfast, and catch the train. The platform was full of hurrying figures, and a yellow fog blurred the lights. He bad taken a first- class passage, resolving to enter on a severe economy when once safely landed on the continent, but at the same time reckless in his expenditure of his narrow funds. He was eIow in mounting the carriage steps, and was rather roughly hustled by a burly and excited passenger who pressed up behind him with a portmanteau and a great bale of rugs and overcoat, determined to secure a corner scat. The whistle sounded, there was a slamming of doors, and at the very instant when the train began to move, a late traveller stepped into tlie carriage and took his seat opposite Hcthe ridge, who for the moment paid no heed to him. His eyes, indeed, were occupied in searching the platform for an alto gether problematical pursuer, and when he turned his gaze within the carriage, the train was already in motion, the light was flickering, and the filthy yellow oil washing to and fro in its j gUssbaan, so that he had no opportunity ; of recognising his vis-a-vis. He had pur- j chased a rug at the bookstall of the station, and wrapping thia about him he leaned hack in his seat, folded his hands, and closed his eyes in the hope of passing an hour or two in slumber. His night's rest, despite his potations, had been broken, and of almost no value to him, and he began to feci that if he were to continue liis journey without incurring a relapse, he must husband all his resources. For a while his thoughts dragged at him, haling him hither and thither, but at last his fatigue told. The rumble, rumble, of the wheels began to'sink and rise upon his ear with a measured music, and he fell into a doze. |. The clear, early dawn was bright when he awoke, and looking up ho saw his phantom in the flesh again, gazing straight through him as if with eyes that saw witbin him and beyond him. George Kedwood had fulfilled his com mission in London, and was travelling bask to his employment at Liege. 