WILLI A MSTO WN GOSSIP. BY LADY TEAZLE. The Council has got over its latest ■ law experience very quietly. This was j not a case where some awkward crab hole brought a valuable horse to earth, 1 or caused injuries to the lifo or limb of 1 some luckless ratepayer; it was a , serious reflection on the capacity of the Council and its oflieers. It was alleged that in attempting to drain Latrobe street the Council had caused a drain J to be made, which flooded and thereby : damaged property situated in the < highest part of it; and that the 1 damage was due either to negligence or ' incapacity. The Council has got off, ; however ; it has replied to the charge 1 of negligence by blaming Parliament 1 for the delay that occurred ; and it has ' proved to the satisfaction of Judge Hamilton that the drainage work it i undertook did not causo any water to ! flow on to the property. The candidate for the Council who : was going to tax hawkers of all sorts by a license fee, and by the establish- 1 ment of a local market, unfortunately did not get a seat; and the hawkers and the market are therefore out of mind, for the present. However, some enterprising councillor will very likely ' move in the matter of a market. The objection urged when the question was last discussed in the Council was that it would mean the closing up of the corporation yard in Parker street; but there is no reason why the market should not assume smaller dimensions. The site of the old fire station is very “ unsightly ” ; if it were transferred into a few stalls the experiment would be interesting; and the present dilapi datedpremisesmightwell be substituted for something which would either yield revenue or look less ugly. The position is a good one, and it is a pity it should lie unproductive. It is an ill wind which blows nobody any good. The discussion on the action of the Rev. A. Marshall in attending the Princess Theatre to witness “ The Silver King” has had the effect of inconveniently crowding the theatre ever since. Nothing could possibly be more pleasing to the management. Mr Walter Bentley, amused at the fact, easily persuaded Mr J. C. Williamson to continue the production for four nights longer, instead of introducing some of the plays with which the name of Henry Irving is familiarly associated. Wilfred Denver has now, however, run his course for the present. The only other piece played during the season was Hamlet, which is one of Mr Bentley’s best characters. All the points of this subtle- creation are worked out by him with artistic elaboration. Being a fine elocutionist, its varying phases are well expressed; new business is introduced in the ghost scene which adds to the solemnity of the effect; and altogether Mr Bentley exhibits a thorough grasp of the character, representing it intelligently and vigorously. 