PICTURESQUE DESCRIPTION OF NEW YORK. It is not easy, remarks Mr. Eudyard Kipling, in a recent contribution to tho London ' News' to escape from a big city. An entire continent was waiting to be traversed, and, for that reason, we lingered in New York till the city felt so homelike that it seemed I wrong to leave it. And further, the more one studied it the more grotes quely bad it grew — bad in its paving, bad in its streets, bad in its street police, and but for the kindness of the tides, would have been worse than bad in its sanitary arrangements. No one as yet has approached the man agement of New York in a proper spirit ; that is to say, regarding it as .the shiftless outcome of squalid bar barism and reckless extravagance. No one is likely to do so, because reflec tions on the I.ONG, NAEHOW PIG TROUGH are construed as malevolent attacks against the spirit and majesty of the great American people, and lead to angry comparisons. Yet, if all the streets of London were permanently up and all the lamps permanently down, this would not prevent the New York streets, taken in a lump, from being first cousins to a Zanzibar fore shore, or kin to the approaches of a Kaffir kraal. Gullies, holes, ruts, cobblestones awry, kerbstones rising from two to six inches above the level of the slatternly pavement ; tram lines from two to three inches above street levels ; building materials scattered half across the street ; lime, boards, cut stone, and ash barrels generally and generously everywhere ; wheeled traffic taking its chances, dray versus brougham, at cross roads ; sway backed poles whittled and unpainteel : drunken lamp-posts with twisted irons ; and, lastly, a GENEROUS SCATTER OF FILTH. and more mixed stinks than the winter winds can carry away, are matters which can be considered apart from the ' Spirit of Democracy ' or ' the future of this great and grow ing country.' In any other land they would be held to represent hloughiness, sordidness, and want of CAPACITY. Here it is explained, not once, but many times, that they show the speed at which the city has grown and the invariable indifi'erence of her citizens to matters of detail. One of these days, you are told, everything will be taken in hand and put straight. The un virtuous rulers of the city will be swept away by a cyclone or a tornado of something big and booming, of popular indignation ; everybody will unanimously elect the right men, who will justly7 earn the enormous salaries that are at present being paid to in adequate aliens for road sweeping and all will be well. At the same time the lawlessness ingrained by governors among the governed during the last 30, JO, or it may bo 50 years ; the BRUTAL LEVITY OF PUBLIC C0NSCI1JNCF.. in _ regard to public duty ; the tough ening and suppling of public morals, and the reckless disregard for human life, bred by impotent laws and fos tered by familiarity with needless acecidents aud criminal neglect, will miraculously disappear. If the laws of cause and effect that control even the freest people in the world say other wise, so much the worse for the laws, America makes her own. Behind her stands the ghost of the most bloody war of the century caused in a peace ful land by long temporising with law lessness, by letting things slide by shiftlessness and blind disregard of all save the material need of the hour till the trouble long conceived and let alone stood up full armed, and men sain, ' Here is an unforseen crisis,' and killed each other in the name of their God for four years. In a heathen land the three things that are supposed to be the pillars of moderately decent government are re gard for human life, justice, criminal and civil, as far as it lies in man to do justice, and good roads. In this Christian city they think lightly of the first — their own papers, their own iiuu imuu- uwu actions prove it ; buy and sell the second a price openly and without shame : and are. apparently, content to do without the third. One would almost expect the racial sense of humor would stay them from expecting only praise — , SLAB, LAVISH AND SLAVISH from the stranger within t.liolv rm+ni, But they do not, If he holds liis pcace they forge tributes to their own excellence which they put into hie mouth, thereby treating their own land which they profess to honour as a quack treats liis pills. If he speaks but you shall see for sourselves what happens then. And they can not see that by untruth and invective it is themselves, and themselves alone, that they injure. ' The blame of their city ovils is not altogether with the gentlemen, chiefly oi foreign extraction, who control the city, those find a people made to their hands, a lawless breed READY TO WINK AT ONE EVASION OF THE LAW if they themselves may firofit lid another, and in then' rare leisure hours content to smile over the details of a clever fraud. Then, says the cul tured American, 'Give us time. Give us time and we shall arrive.' The otherwise American, who is ag gressive, straightway proceeds to thrust a piece of JLALF-HAttGISD MUNCJP.AI, BOTCA-WOItK under the uosg of the alien as a sample ' of perfected effort. There is nothing more delightful than to sit for a strictly limited time with a child who tells you what he means to be when lie is a man ; but when that same child, loud-voiced, insistent, unblush ingly eager for praise, but thin-skinned as tho most morbid liobblehoys, stands about all your ways, telling you the same story in the same voice, you begin to yearn for something made and finished — say Egypt and a com pletely dead mummy. It is neither . seemly nor safe lo hint that tlie . . Government of the largest city in the ' States is a despotism of the aliep by tho alien, tempered with 'occasional insurrections of tlie decent folk. Only the Chinese washes the dirty linen of other lands. 