Smiles. EVBRY dog has his day, but the nights belong to the cats. 'How are you coming on with your tragedy P' ' Better than I expected. I've killed off all the principal characters eocept two, and they are not on speaking terms.' Teacher: 'Oan you explain what is meant by vicarious punishment?' Johnny: 'Yes, sir. When mother gets angry at father she whips me. Sunday-school teacher: 'Who loves every body, Johnnie ?' Johnnie: ' My pa does, cos he is trying to get into the Town Council.' This is a world of strange contradictions; one woman is unhappy because she isn'tmar. ried, another because she is. Of what feminine creature are you re minded on the completion of a building P A housemaid. 'Does your daughter speak the lan guages P' 'Not to any extent. She can say 'yes,' though, in five of 'em, in ease any foreign nobleman ask her to marry.' Teacher: 'Do you know the difference between right rnd wrong?' Boy: 'No.' 'If you were to take your little brother's cake from him what would you do P' 'Eat it up.' Playwright: 'Is her acting naturalP' Manager (enthusiastically) : 'Natural P Why, when. she appeared as the dying mother last night, a life insurance agent, who has her insured for £5000, and who was in the audience, actually fainted.' Young Wife: 'Don't you consider mar. rzage a means of grace, George P' Young Husband (who has already been forced to play second fiddle in the household): 'Yes; anything is a means of grace that leads to repentance.' Tailor: 'How wide a collar shall I put on your overcoat, air?' Customer : 'Make it so wide that when I pass you on the street I can turn is up so you won't recognise me.' No matter how cleanly the seafaring man may be while on the ocean, he has a stroag antipathy to being washed ashore. Examiner: ' I am surprised that you all have made mistakes in answering the ques. tion. Where was Magna Charts signed ? Think it over. Can no one tell me ?' Little boy (at bottom of class) : ' I can, sir.' Ex. aminer : ' Well?' Little boy : ' At the bottom of the page.' SYour son is an actor, I believe.' 'Yes Rupert is on the stage.' 'Is he a star?' 'I imagine so; he's generally out all night.' 'This is my sixth pint,' remarked the man in the hotel. ' I've quarrelled with my wife and had to come here to solace myself. It's terrible the money that woman costs me.' The Scientifio Amerizan-John L. Sul livan. Which is the longest night of the year? A fortnight. An ace in the hand is worth two in the deck. 'But what on earth could have induced you to marry a man so utterly your in. ferior?' ' My dear girl, I never met a man who wasn't' The hard rubs of the world are what make a man bright The man who claimed that the world owed him a living is slowly collecting his debts. Ho is a tramp. As no roads are as rough as those that have just been mended, so no sinners are so intolerant as those who have just turned saints. At a Glasgow theatre, after the impressive performance of Irving's ' Hamlet,' attention was drawn to the effuive delight of a young lady, who was thus trying apparently to show her gratitude to the gentleman upon whose arm she was resting. 'I've had a real good time, George.' said she, 'and it is a real lovely play; it's so full of quotations.' In Ireland recently a quarrel had taken place at a fair, and a culprit was being seo tenced for manslaughter. The doctor, how ever, had given evidence to show that the victims' skull was abnormally thin. The prisoner, on being asked if he had anything to say for himself, replied, ' No, yer honor; but I would ask, was that a skull for a man to go to a fair wid?' A Philadelphia girl has been arrested for burglary. As if a young woman had no right to be out with her jimmy. An anecdote is related of a certain Metho. diet parson who was loudly inveighing before a ministerial assembly against schools of theology, and finished by thanking God that he had never 'rubbed his back up against one.' 'Do I understand the brother to say that he thanks God for his ignorance ?' asked the bishop. 'Well, yes, if you want to put it that way,' he replied. 'Then all I have to add,' said the bishop, unctuously, 'is, that the brother has a great deal to be thankful for.' An amateur dramatic company gave a per formance a few nights ago. The piece was 'Hamlet,' and Gun Snobberly played the Ghoar. Gus expressed his lack of confidence in himself, but the manager reassured him saying-' Now, Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, 'I am thy father's ghost,' and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.' Gus said he would try and do his level best. When the ghost's turn came, he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performance by saying, 'I am thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice.' A Yankee, who had never paid more than 25 cents to see an exhibition, went to a New York theatre one night to see the 'Forty Thieves.' The ticket.soller charged him 75 cents for a ticket. Passing the pasteboard back, he quietly remarked: 'Keep i:, mister, I don't want to see the other 39,' and out he marched. ' I want some more chicken,' said four. yeae.rold Frances at the dinner table. 'I think you have had as much as is. good for you, dear,' said Frances' mamma. 'I want more.' And Frances pouted. 'You cant't have more, now; but here is a wish-bone that you and mamma can pull. That will be fun. You pull one side and I'll pull the other, and whoever gets the longer can have her wish come true. Why, baby, you've got it. What was your wish, Frances?' TI wished for some more chicken!' said Frances promptly. She got it this time. A big man from Maine, on paying his bill in a restaurant, was told that the sum put down didn't include the waiter. 'Wal,' he roared, ' I didn't eat any waiter, did IP' He looked as though he could, though, and there was no further discussion. An Irish peasant brought a litter of kittene to a Protestant vicar in a certain town in County Wicklow, requesting him to purchase them. The vicar declined. 'Your. riverence, they are good Protestant kittens,' urged Paddy, but his reverence remained obdurate. A few days after, the Roman Catholic priest (who hbed meantime,,een in formed of the offer to his brcther.clergyman) was approached, and on his refusing to make a purchase, the would-be seller urged a sale.. 'Sure, father dear, they are good Gatholic kittens.' ' But how is this, my man?' re plied the priest; ' you said a day or two ago they were good Protestant kittens.' 'And so they were,' said the peasant, ' but their eyes weren't opened.' 