And Nellie, daintily-nurtured Nellie, was going to join the band of aspirants. Who beg a brother of the earth To givo them loave to toil. She had, something with her. She was not going out into the world quite penniless; She took a little money, not much, but what was in her desk, and the jewellery that was actually hers. ' Surely they will not grudge me this,' she said, as she put it into her bag. She need- not have been afraid on that score. Vera. would' have grudged her nothing in reason. Shev would have liked to show her generosity to..the girl she was driving from her home, but it would have been shown in such :a way that to accept it would have been worse than to liave starved. 'She was bitterly annoyed Iin her own heart when she heard that. Nellie had gone away. Her triumph could hardly, be complete without .the visible presence and humiliation of her rival. Nellie calculated that she mnight have about twenty pounds when she had disposed of her jewellery, and that, no doubt, would last a longtime. She would go to :some very quiet lodgings and look for work. She. had no idea of the suspicion that always attaches itself to a single woman in London', or of the grasping nature of London land ladies. ' The journey up to town frightened her not a little. She had never 'travelled alone before nor otherwise than first class, and she found herself thrust into a dirty carriage amongst a 'lot-of rough people who 'did niot mean to alarm' her, but whose manners and conversation were of the coarsest. She almost wished she had thrown herself on Belton Leicester's good faith 'when the striking of the match revealed him to herain the lane. . She was too startled, and without' waiting she.had run forward fleetly and gained the open ground he had just left. She heard his voice as he called after her, but not what :he said, and she fled onward as fast as her legs would carry her, passing' the terrible pit' where her shawl was found. onily by a few feet and escaping a death in" its dark depths almost by a miracle. The day was still young when the train arrived at Euston Square station. and Nellie got out, dazed and giddy with' her journey and her sleepless night. She had had nothing to eat that day and very little the day before, her heart bad been too full, and now she was faint from actual want. ' Now then,'miss, any:luggage ?': A porter, who' bad nearly knocked her down with his. barrow, put the questioh to her, not rudely, but brusquely, after the manner of his race, and she saw that he- was looking at: her curiously. He had seen her get out.of thle third-class carriage, and- that she was something quite different from the ordinary passengers. ' What's she aiter, I wonder?' he said to himself. 'I'll keep my eye on her.' She looked so frightened and so unused to the noise and bustle of the station that he scented a runaway in her very appearance. ' Want a cab, miss ?' 'No. That is I--' And then .such a feeling of ..faintness came over poor Nellie that she, was fain to sit down on the side of ·his barrow and let him stare atli'er as lie would. ' : ' I. !hrnonly; tired,;' she 'said;.'seeing, his wondering face. 'I have, come a.long journey, ind-=' .--'. ..... And coriawe;aivay without you'r bre'akfast,' he said ; ' that's- the way lots of-people do. The refreshment room; is just there, miss, and there's hot tea and coffee ready.'' She thanked him atnd mnoved away, re turning in a moment to askshim "a question: ' I am'.a stranger in town,'- shesaid, .and I want a very quiet and clean lodging. Do you know of anyone who has such to let'?"I should not give much trouble.' He was more than ever convinced she was a runaway, but he let no suspicion of his thought escape him, and answered her quietly. 'I don't know whether a very 'humble place would suit you, miss,' he said, hesitat ingly, 'I don't mind how humble,' she 'said wearily. ' I am too tired to go far inrsearch' of a place.' '- ' -" : ' My mother lives close by, miss, and she lets a room-I 'can answer .for its being clean. ..The old lady keeps the. place likle a picture, and it's reasonable--five shillings a week.' ' I am sure it: will do,' Nellie said. ' I will get' a cup' of tea and conie with yoti if you will.show, me the. way.'. , She had no. fear of trusting herself to this man. Helooked and spoke like a' perfectly honest fellow, as inideed. he was, and she was too tired -to .think of the fact.that.she' was leaving it a very easy matter. for. anyone to find-her if they wanted to. 'They liad "no claim on her-no one had. She' was:her own mistress and free to go where she liked, She went to the refreshment room 'nd got her cup,of tea when it pleased the haughty young,lady in charge of the bar to serve .her with if. She got it all the more quickly that the porter was behind her, and there had been a good many comtplaints of late of. the slowness of the girls in attendance on any. chance.customers, and then she followed her new ipritector out of the station and through one or two dingy streeis till she came to his mother's house; It was dean arid respect able looking, and the lodging into which she was shown was as clean and airy as any London room ..could ...be. -She was-quite satisfied, and paid the old woman 'a week's rent in advance, and gave her some money to provide what awas necesstary. She 'iould be glad to rest for an bhour or two, she.:said, if they "otild kiiidly lealveher to0herseif, and then shehiiad to 6 ciut.ZTI'ee old lady took her upstaiiirsiid: lefiher to lie down, ?aiid then returned to her son. ' What do- you think. of. her,-Dick ?' she asked. 'Who is she?' '.. ' I don't kow, .mithe. .i kno?omt ko what I think.' ' What ?' ' Then' she has run away ;'fiorii her fiienods. She knows no more of the ways: ot::Laondon than a baby, anid she'll get into trouble as sure as fate if s'e's? left alsne : I'3here's sure to be an inquiry .made about .her, and we may as well have her as anyone else;.' She's a pietty' nice spoken creature too, ad. I shouldn't like to see her come to any lharm.' 'You 'don't th'inkl she's bad, do you?' asked ,the :' old "woman,• in ' alarmn " I should'nt.like to.have that sort of thing in the house, you know.' ' "... 'No, "that I 'don't,. Dick -replied. She isn't that sort at all. It's just. why I say. She's 'a lady who..has quarrelled with her friends. Take care of her, old litdy., Somne one'll be after her soon. ':' ' 'Wheredid slie'come from ? .'. ' I don't know.'.: She had no luggage but her bag. She came by the mixed train.- I must be off, or.I shall get 'fiied.' And besttowing a sounding kiss on his mother and a hug of the bearish order;, the porter ran 'off... . Nellie slept on for some hours, and awoke 'efreshed and ready fori the chop that the landladycooked for her, very tmuch better than mnost landladies cook chops. \\.When she had eaten it she announced her is tention of going out. She had some basi. dess to attend to. 'Do you know your way about, miss?' the old woman asked.. SNot about here. I wanit to get to Bond Street, I know where I want to go then. I have been there before.' Her heart gave a great leap as she thougbt. of the last time she had been in Bond Street to buy finery for her wedding, and for a moment she could not speak- only for a moment. She recovered herself directly and asked her way to the nearest omnibus route. ' Lots of 'busses pass the end of this street, miss,' her landlady said. 'Almost any of them that go to the right will take you to the West End, but if you take a red one with 'Paddington' in big letters on the side, that will set you down at the end of Bond Street.' ' Thank you. I shall do very nicely.' She thought she should,.but she did not. She managed to get to the'wiong side of the road and took an omnibus going in ex actly,the oiposite direction to the one she wanted, and did not discover her mistake till she was at least tivo miles out of 'her way. Evening came on, anrd `deepened into night and' sha.did not return, and when Dick came home from his work he found his mother in sad. tribulation and their lodger missin:g. ` Didn!t I tell you to take care'of.her ?' he said, almost angrily, for he was vexed at the contretemps. ' Couldn't you go with her. or something?'; ' No, 1 couldn't. She is nct.a baby and I couldn't see any excuse for; it. She only w-inted to know how to get :to the West. End.: She kniewt her .v'ay when, she got to Bond Street,' she said. .'I'm afraid she has come, to;some harm, he said gravely. ' She- did not mean to goa away and stay I fancy.' .'No that she did not. She told me that she sliould be back before dark; and she'd have some coffee when .she came. She's quite ailady, Dick,. she has such pretty ways.'; They sat up all night, these simple folks, hoping that she might come back. But morning came again and there was no. sign of Nellie, Dick went back to his work: half inclined to put the matter in the hands of the ,police, but deferring it in the hope that it would be all right at night and that he should. find 'Miss Smith,' which was the name Nellie had given,. safe under his mother's roof once more.., He was disappointed, she was not there, aind, afraid of he scarce knew what, lie didgo, to the nearest police station then. They did not exactly laugh at him, but they were very lukewarm about it.. They reminded him that he knew nothing ofsthe young person, and that she was a perfectly free agent. They could not quite see why he should trouble himself about her. She had doubt less had some reason for going to his mother's house and leaving it so quickly. She had taken all her belongings with her; and on the whole thei thlought he had better let the thiatter'fest. If ever they heard anything they would communicate with him at once, They rather ridiculed his notion of her. friends. They could see in her an 'artful girl who had made use of him and his mother for some reasons of hier own, and wbho'wduld' most likely come into their hands before long for some breach of the law. Dick listened to it all but maintained his own opinion. ,I don't believe a' word of it' hte said to his mother' when he went home:disappointed at their 'lukewarmness. " They may hint what they like but she w'as a lady I'll swear, and I hope' she'll come to no hurt, poor thinhg SCHAPTER XXVII': FoUR days after Nellie's disappearance a cab drove up, in' hobt haste- to the, house where she hadslept for an hour or twgo, arid ihen' disappeared, and' a gentlemeri got out and asked for Miss Rivers,. Dick happened ' to, be'.. at home and answiered the' stranger, whose appearance 'flurried his mother so that she could not find] anything to say to liim.' :If 'you' meani the':young' lady,tihat caie4 here," sir,':'he said, 'that 'was not.wh'at'she 'calle'd herself."' " " " No, she said her naimenwas Sinith.!. I daresay. Where ?is she ?'' "I wish I coald tell you; sir. W?We don't know.' Don't Itknow"?' No,' sir.' iThe gentleman seemed terribly pui about, and Dick proceeded eto: explain what had happened; and howi he had been to, the police but'could get no help from them. ' She was no kin'to us, you see, sir, and they seemed to:tlaink' that we had no call to interfere?mayy'be we hadi't, but I was so sutre that she had run awayffiom her friends, poor thing, that I janted to be a bit careful of her.' ' i: Yodidi not threaten heror do anything to frighten her away, did you ?'... 'Lor', no, sir., She .,was 'as welcome to stay: :here as-a--anything,' said Dick, floundering for a' simile and breaking' down hopelessly;. 'We were afraid of her getting into some trouble, mother and me, for she did not seem to know London very:well, nor where to go. ' 'No,'that she did not,' said the stranger, iwho:was ino otheri than Belton Leicester come to pickup a faint clue that had been found to Nellie's 'whereabouts. A village lad from a distance, who was employed on Mr. Blennerhasset's estate; had neclatred -that on the morning of Nellie's flight :he had travelled in.the same carriage with her from one station to, another. IHe was not believed, but he persisted in his story -abd describedi her dress with tolerahle correctness, Hei was sure it' was Miss'Rivers, lie said. ' He should have knownvheni anywhere,' shethad been! so good io him' when he was bad onee." " ' i Follorlitngthe trace tbus furnished they camed to thle codndlusion ihat their dread of Nellie''ideath was without foundatioi, and that sh'eha'idgone to London'to .lose herself in the mighty Babylon. Belton Leicester was quick at following a trail, and-he volunteered to- go tto-townainid see what could,be done towards finding her and bringinghier back' to the protection of her friends-thely were aillhter friends still.: : Dear dld -Mrs Blenherhasset and MisI Deacon, who haid' beenr used.-to lecture arid iate her so when she'did anything uhdigni fied,. which -was:ve;ry; often, for Nellie did not keep up the family dignity by any means and there was ;iLady Rivers too; who' had be lieved herself her atint, and who was fond of her in spite.of her snaplpishiness. They alli wanted. her back and mourned .her. loss ilai; way. that mnade Vera Rivers; and Nevtille Delamere feel, to say the least ofit, exceed ingly small,. ' - ' S"Bring her back, Mr. Leicester,! Mrs,: Blennerhasset said, with tears, "she shall be' my daughter now..Oh, if my poor husband 'nly:knew of-all this.it ivould'break: his' heart." ' ' ' i "It is as well be does noti'pebhaps," the young, doctor replied ,, he could not.have' preveintedr'whiat has-come about. If she is in London I will bring, her back to you, and I have every reason to uonle she is." Though 'only so few days had passed it was ev'ident to everyone what the end of Vera's claim to Milverstone Grange would be. The very worst construction was put upon Nellie's flight. She was declared to have been privy to the fraud all the time and to have run away to escape the consequence to herself. But those who loved her so dearly troubled very little what these slanderers said, they wanted to find her for her own dear salke-to hear her sweet voice once moreuand to see her bonnie face, all saddened though it might be now. Only Belton Leicester himself knew what the tidings of her supposed death had been to him-only he could tell how almost more than he could bear had been the revulsion of feeling when it was shown that she was not down the horrible pit by the side of which her shawl had been found. He followed the clue to London,. and easily discovered where she had gone to from the station, Dick's fellow porters knew all about that, but they: knew nothing more. Dick had not been communicative about her disappearance: More than a'week Mr. Leicester remained in London, striving with all his might to get hold at some clue to where the inissing girl could be, but all in vain, His patients at Springfield were left to the tender mercies of the.red-haired- practitioner from the aeighbouring parish, whom Nellie Ihad so disliked when she was; mistress of' the , Grange, while he,visited every hospital and workhouse in London in case she might have been carried to one of them insensible from some hurt or illness,. She was not in any of them, and Mr. Venables, to whom he went for advice, was singularly lukewarm and curt about it. ..'She has done a most ill-advised thing,' be said, ' there was the ghost of a chance for her if she had fought it outas I wished, her to do. But now she has literally flung every thingg into that woman's hands, and the race will be atwalk-over for her. It is a thousand. pities, and she was a nice little girl too, poor child-she was a better mistress of Milverstone than ever the new one will be withl her airs.' ' You talk as if she were mistress there already,' Mr. Leicester said, .with some asperity. 'She is virtually. From the moment of the other one's flight there- was nothing to be done. I tell you candidly I should have fought it to the end,;against my own convic tion.of mind, if this silly girl had not run away. I cannot play.a losing game for an invisible client. I am talking to you in confidence mind. There never was any chance of her keeping the property from the moment of the production of those letters-too many of us can recall circumstances that corroborate every word in them,. ' May be. But I feel as sure as that I am a living man at this moment that there has been fraud sometwhere, and. that it will be brought to light some day.' ' If you will point out where you will do me a service as well as the poor: child you are seeking, Mr. Leicester. I would give a great deal to be able to turn out that upstart woman and the fellow she will marry as surely as she has ousted poor Nellie out of Milver stone. You and I would not be the only people who would rejoice either-I fancy Miss Vera Rivers will not find herself exactly adored by the people of Springfield.' ": 'She has made herself a good many enemies already. I know, more about her than- she would like cried in the market place. ' When I have' found Nellie, Mr.' Venables-and, Heaven helping me, I:wiLL find her-I will show you what ground I have for suspecting a fraud. Till, then let the newv mistress' of Milverstone enjoy herself 'as she may. ' ':I think her triumph° will be a brief one.' It' was-hard to go back to Springfield con: fessing himself beatenr, and yet:it wais what Belton'Leicester had'to do.. He did all that 'could' be done' in Londono He put the matter in the h.nds of the police: 'and guaranteed rewards that would cripple him for years to pay if 'they succeeded in finding any trace of the missing girl, who might have' been swallowed::up by an earthquake,' so' :completely had she disappeared 'Wheni Nellie' blundered into the,. wioig, rnisiibus-to go, as she' thought, to' the West Enid she had ridden at least a couple of miles in the' wrong direitiorn before she was ibware of the fact, ai'd the conductor was one of the surly fellows who bring the whole of their calling into contempt and wouldonot. vouch safe her a'word of inforthation when he put her, down in' a dirty" thoroughfare redolent of fried fish;, onions, and ,decaying 'table refuse. There wereselatternly wodmen and iro~gh, unkempt men- about in 'plenty, but Nellie was horrified at th'' appearance of thb place and its inimafes'arid dared hot speak to any of them. 'They stared: at' her in. a rude fashion a's if.'bey' h'iad ineier 'seen 'a lady before, and there was ,something' ii the' appearance; of the` high-bred girl. 'that stamped hlier as being quite different from the women they were in the habit of associating with. ' Have you lost your way, missa? Can I be ofoany uses?.' The speaker was a. young maia, flashily diessed and commofn looking,:. who . had noticed the. fiightened, hesitation in Nellie's manner and had conme losie to her. S.She was as much aftraid of him s oi6f the rest'of ibhe people about, but'he lhad spblien civilly, enough and she was quite.at a loss which.. way to turn. She' asked him' to diirete& her to wheie-she could get an boniriibus for. the.West End, and he did so, anId then; to her 'great disgust, followed her.aiind .tried to enter into conversation with hier.,". 'Frightdned abd, disgusted,: shie walked is fas'r'as.sli' se as able, but he kept'.up'.ivith' hert and at.last' poked, his head almost in 'her face' a?drdbegged 'to bh' allowed to; :accom panhy her'and show ':her tl'e 'ay.> Teirified beyond I~~leasire' byl fis'o"ffen'sie jnshlne'ndi, she b'lrokd frboi him and raiL- she' caied not whither, so that she escaped his 6diodo titenionslin ' ' She rai oi bliridly, paititig forI breath; and not kInowing 'iithed lesst'wlhere~eS' t as' till sie' bwas euddenly briighti uip' by:a iari against vliohm :'she., striuck' violently, ':aid who had purposely' 'barted her passage: vitli opein arnm ' :s. :: '. : ' :?:' . :'e t .so fast, my pretty,' he said, iiiso 'And he. had no sooner spokioen than Nellie fiouid herself in the midst of a crowd in a filthy street where there., was no sign of.omnibiss or, cab or.: any way of getting away. She. was bustled and,: p;uished and pulled iandy1.nearly knocked .down, and wihen, oshe recovered ; her. balance .her bag was gone-gone out of her. hand ! -she never felt how, and, she was...alone and poswerlessainong these ?retche's... "Sheb shriieked in her terror, and ra police man .came sauptering round; ihe corner. The mob disappeared as if by magic, and ihe asked, her,o... t too civilly, what was.'he' matter.. She- explained' that she had missed her way and lost herbag, but she was slightly, incoherenit, for she was nearly out' rf her senses wih :fri;ght, ar.d he could, not discriminate between drunkelcnness .:and agitation. hie boldly accused her of having 'taken an extra drop,'. and advised her to hold her tosigue and not make a row. She hardly understood him, but she re iterated that she had been robbed, and then he took another view of the case. ' Whom do .you accuse ?' he asked. 'I don't know,' Nellie replied. ' They were all around me and they knocked me about, and then the bag was gone.' ' You should have kept a tight hold of it,' the man said, oracularly. ' If you have been robbed you must come along with meto the station fand the charge will be taken.' '.But that won't give" me back my bag,' said poor Nellie, bursting into tears of wear iness and despair. ' No, but if youve really lost it, you know, it will perhaps help you to trace it..., If she.had lost it. Poor Nellie did not know what.to say to him, and she plodded on helplessly by his side. ' Would yoi like a cab?' he asked her, at length. ' I have no money,' she said, with.a: sob: 'It was all in my bag.' '. S'Ah, well, then we must walk,' and he went on eata pace which taxed all :the poor girl's energies to keep up with, andd: brought her at length breathless add exhausted!into the presence of theinsipector.";. It was a very incoherent story she nhad to tell when- she got there, and she could see that it was received with a great deal of in credulity. What was she wandering about London with sich valuable property as she described for, she was asked, with some asperity. She had much better go back to her friends if she had any, and so forth. How it came about that her appearance at the police office never came to the know ledge of Belton Leicester can hardly be accounted for, but it never did, and Nellie passed out into the street again after her interview with the inspector about as forlorn a girl as ever stepped over the pitiless stones of a London'pavement. CHAPTER XXVIII. . Friendless and alone in London-!" How ofteniweasee the words writtenr and printed without ,realising what they mean. Alone amidst thousands, friendless-where there are kind hearts by the score ready .and willingto help did they but know that help was wanted. Terrified almost beyond bearing Nellie Rivers turned away Irom the door of the office to which she bad been taken and stumbled forward she scarcely knew bow., . She had no idea where shie was--certainly in some poor quarter from the style of: the people and the stalls and shops, which were all of the cheap kind. ,She was in Whitechapel, and the rough people and the noises made her brain whirl. She had not.a single sixpence in her pocket. Her purse had been in the bag she carried and was gone' with the rest of her belongings. She"could have sat down on the stones for very weariness and wretchedness, for she was worn out, poor child, as well she might be., It was. only a, matter of hours since she had, been mistress of Milverstone Grange and now she was a penniless outcast in the cruel streets. She had no idea of what she could: do to find a lodging. She had rings on her fingers and pawnshops flaunted them selves on: every side of her in that hand-to mouth district, but she did not know any thing about them, .and it never occurred to her that she could,raise any money for pre sent necessities by going into one. She had been going to take. her bag and its contents to the jeweller who had supplied her father and ask him to give her a. fair price for what she had brought, away. , She need not tell him where she was living or what she'. was going to do, and then she could :stay quietly with the porter's mother, till she. could see her way:to getting some thing to do..... . .. ...... : .This. had been her plan.. She had seen: from-:the very first thatthe old woman was .thoroughly respectable and the house -was clean. It was as good a refuge as she could find,: and she must count.her pennies; now and not spend an unnecessary farthing.. Now. all that was at an end. She could not go. back there without ;money even if she knew; the: way, which she did not-she hardly even knew the name of the street. ,. .She would go to Mr. Venables, he would help .her surely; He knew she was not the heiress.of Milverstone., Had she -not heard him say as:much ? But she was a friendless, girl-in distress and surely he: would help her toea shelter.. Going to him would upset all Iher ideas of being lost and never seeing any one she knew again.' :But what;was she to do? . She thought it, over, and made ,up her inind. Mr. Venables could not keep her against: her will, and perhaps. he would lend her a little money to start with.. She bad to begin, a new life, and she could not do .it penntiless and forlorn as sbe ,was.,,; His office was in Lincolo's Inin,;and she- thought if she walked fast she might get there in time to catch him. To ;o to his -house was out of the question, :it, was at. Highgate. Even if she had known the way she :could not get there. : -: She'was, terribly afraid of: speaking to any of the people in, the: street lest: she might meet -,with :-a ,repetition, of. the. rudeness that had led-to all -her- misery. But' she summoned courage at last to inquire of an old woman behind a stall' of miscellaneous objects how she could get to Lincoln's:Inn. -' Sure' it's a powerful way. off,' was sthe reply.- - - -. And Nellie with a sinking heart inquired how far. .. The old lady. !.couldn't say.' but opined that it., was ' a .many miles-over there somewhere,' : and pointed -in the direction, which.might have meant anything. - ,Nellie .w'nt 'away,withbher' heart full, she felt!,choking, and walked on till she met. a policeniman. He was something more civil than the member of .the.force she bad en countered- before. - , -:Lincoln's Inn, miss ?' he said looking at her with surprise. .!:You had better.take,a 'bus.'" - ' No, thank you, I am going to walk. Will you direct - me,:please? I am a stranger here.': . ,: ' ' I can.put you. in the wvay, miss, 'but you will, ~ave to ask again. . I couldn't direct you all tle way, :so that you could understand, unless you knew London well.' ,I '.Ah, I don't, but I shall find it I dare say,'. Nellie, said, hardly able to keep fromn bursting into.tears as she spoke, and he gave her the plainest directions he could think of and she thanked him and went on. ,'Going to walk to Lincoln's Inn, is she ?' he said to himself as be watched her till she was lost in the crowd. 'She'll never get there, it's my belief. Who is she, I wonder? She's a lady, and yet I verily believe she is walking because she has not the money to ride, she had the look in her face-and it's coming on to rain too.' It was indeed a close, horrible drizzle that soaked everything in a few minutes and made the streets long lines oflhopeless black mud and everything draggled and wretched in the extreme. It was bad enough for lucky people with umbrellas, and those who could take cabs and omnibuses and shelter them selves from the weather, Nellie toiled on through it with bent head and beating heart, The fact of-its raining did not trouble hier very much. :She used to Say at Milerstone that she was weather proof, and that the rain would not hurt her. She thought strangely as she fought her way through the rain and mist.of the very last time she had been exposed to any in clement weather. She had been out on horseback, and she and her favourite pony had been thoroughly drenched, and had made everybody at home terribly uneasy on account of the storm to which they had been exposed. 'That was fun compared to this. There were home and comfort at tiheend of the ex perience, and she asked herself as the rain bear in her face and soaked her to the skin whether.she was not in some horrible night mare from which she should wake at home when its hold on her had relaxed. Alas . It was all too real, and her strength was well nigh spent when a good three hours after, she had asked the police man to tell her the way she was clinging to the railing in front of the'old-fasbioned' house in Liticoln's :Inn that Mr. Venables rented for offices. " iShe was at her journriey's end at last, and she looked up at the windows and stopped a minite to recover breith'befoteshe rang at the door, She was a bedraggled and miserable object enough by this time, outwardly at least, for she had been splashed by passing cariiages and other vehicles, and the rain had taken the shape out of her. hat and left it :dformless thing. The place was all dark,'but there might be someone there. Mr. Venables's housekeeper would surely let her sit down and rest her self at least, if she did no more. ' If she repulsed her Nellie felt that she should die. She I:nocked, but no answer was returned, and after-twice applying to the knocker she tried thearea bell. This summons brought out a wretched-looking old woman, who came and stared at her from below and iddressed her'with a spiteful sounding voice 'Now then?', "Is Mr.' Venables here?' asked Nellie. : No;he ain't.''. ' Ndr ahy of the clerks?' 'Not one of 'em, they're gone and good riddance too-a nasty stuck-up pack.. What do you want ?' ' I wanted to see Mr. Venables, to ask him to let., me stay here for:a little while and to help me.' ` 'Well I never.' It seemed all ihedwomnin coild find words to say, and she had to stare at the dripping. girl' before she could' find breath as it were to go 'on. ' 'Indeed,! 'she said,' after a pause, ' and what part of.the house iould yoii like got ready .for 'you, ma'ani'?" Mr.' Venables did not give me. any orders about taking in tramps.' . But I am not that,' 'Nellie said in des peration..' Mr,. Venables knows me, When will he be here ?' ':Not till to- morrow-maybe not then,' the woman 'said, 'spitefully. ' He don't always say :when" he is coming back. If he'd a' knowed you was coming I daresay. he would have been here to receive you., ' . 'I daresay he would,' was Nellie's answer.' ' Are you'the housekeeper ? Because if you; are--. . : No- I'm not; she's ill and gone home for a spell. "I'm only' here'temporary, and if I'd. known it was to be my place to answer the door, at 'night to people afooling me' I'd never have undertook it.' ' Oh, don't shut the door,' Nellie implored,. as she sawe the woman retreating. Let me explain to you.' "'I 'don't want no explanations. If: you' want Mr.. Venables come at the, proper:time and see' him, and not call people out'in tihe wet withti a cock- ind-b'ull story about'comilng, to stop, It don't go down with the I can tell' ,you . . ' : SYiePnvet t'i ai'dnshut the doo?$irwith;a: hang; and'Nellie sankon the cold, wet door sfepj and moanied aloud in her' anguish; arid. ,the old beldame inside the. house went -to, bed ,aind'`wh'en shbewas' aked in theomorning if ahyone had cilled she said : ''. ' Not a soul except a tramp abegging,' and believed she spote the truth. : Now then,- you' must move .on, young wonian;' :. _ .. .. .., A hand was laid on Nellie's shoulder, and the' voice,,oi: a -policeman -sounded ' in her, earsr"Sheraised her head wearily. and looked, at him--speak she 'could not. ' You can't sit "aboit on 'doorsteps, you know,', he 'said, gruffly,;. bit riot .un kirdly.. ' Have you: no place to go to?'. ' Oh,',ye,I-ain only: tired;' '.Well,, you'd better get to it' wherever it is; this isn't the sort.of.night'to be sitting about on the itbones,' . " ' It was not indeed; the rain: was pouring off his' oilskin" cape as he'stood there talkiig to'l hr, and 'splbshing on the stoines. with a hissing noise that;sounded "eerie and cold in the darkness. . . h.Ahi'that's: better,' he. said, 'as Nellie stumbled to her feet with a dazed.look ''add nexit time ?iu are overtook likel, that, ?my 'dear, don't y ou sit ; down in the wet; you'll 'catci'a c6ld assure asyou'are borin, ' " ` , He wassa kind- hearted man, but stolid.; he understood his :duty' and very little'nmore, and he? could. see nothing in' the':slrinkig,; frightened figure and despairing face but a yo6ung woman who had. taken, a 'drop too muchb, and he wanted to get her off his.beat as soon as he could; and save her if poisible frtini the:degr'adatiop of tlhepolice office.', SI'Yona're sure. you know where -you. are goini'now?' he asked again, as she turned away, unsteadily enough to .wsarrant his" idea, ''Oh, yes;' • StWell, then go, I won' imieddle with you this time,' hut don't you let 'hie catch you hbre agein,th'ere's a good girl., She's got :a soaker already,' he said to himself, .as he' watched her away; it'll sober her, I daresay, id maybe do iher. no harriini the long run. She was decently dressed too, poor .thing, it ivdtild' have. een a 'pity to run her in.' : The best thing had '.he onily :known;, but' how - was he 'to' tell,' how eagerly the girl;he hdd;senit :iariay' wa being looked foi ?,i He was not to:know that the very manron.i'whose dborstep'hehad' found Iherewould have given him a year's paiy~ ialmbst for ine8ws df her-?he had mnissed a little'fortuiae by 'bidding her move on .' ' : . .:..' : , SMove on'; yes, that was the word. But Where'wh's ihetd'm'nive to? She was arrivi?,g at: thitsatse, df'.weariness and iamine, for she had eaeeti nbthing since "her -airival save a mouthful or twoiatihe;house of'"tlie riailway podter,"and .no solids had': passed :he'; lips since the discovery of 'shat Vera 'called' her rights at Milverstone; It could 'nidt be lierself, 'Nellie Rivers, sturely that was:crawling thirough these awful streets with wet and. sodden garments and limbs 'so feeble that the end'ol all things for her was surely not far ,dff--it must be some other helpless, forlorn creature, whose head was so full of fancies that she could not tell whether the objects in her pathway were real or imaginary. Thislwoman who wept aloud sometimes as she walked and laughed wildly now and then as.the, rain came beating down upon her was'inot Nellie Rivers,' of Milverstbne-2 it was all some wild dream, some nightmare, add she should wake presently; she must have courage and the morning would comn.' 'lWhere she: went or. what she did through the next hour or two of that horrible night: Nellie neve:r knew, she must have wandered into the park,.'for she weas dimly conscious of trees above ther head and of sitting down 'somewhere. She must have been told to'go away, for agreatldog came and licked her hand, and a man told her gruffly to be off. Then the streets again, and the end drawing nearer and nearer, and she was standing by a door-she knew it was a door, for she felt the handle and clutched at it-it gave way under her touch, and with a. faint moan she .fell down- down into blackiess and darkness unutterable. To BE CONTINUED. 