"HIDDEN IN MY HEART," A Beautiful Story, by DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "Crmesa' Widow," "The Broken Seal," etc., etc. CHAPTER II. TIHE FIRST VISIT. When Mrs Orme arrived to dine with us that evenling she asked me almost at once what ] thouglt of Mr Willoughby. "I think he is very good-looking," 1 answered, "aind seems very nice." "Oh, yes, he is very good-looking." she said, " but lie's rather peculiar, you kow ; for one thing, lie doesn't care for girls." "That's very sad. And you, don't, either; you know vyou told tne. I nust only hope that you will bollth make an exception in my favour." Helen gave a little laugh at this, but it had not the usual sweet iltural ring in it. "When did lie say lie would call here ?" she asked. lie did not uiine any tine--plerhaps lie mayn't come at all, as I unfortunately iappen to be a girl." "Oh, I daresay he will: I shlall bring hlint someday." But lie did not wait for her to bring hint. I was sitting in the garden at the front of the house on the following after nioon, wheni a servant ainle out to tell me that IMr Willoughby was ill the drawing-room, and wlhen I went upstairs to receive himi, lie was standing at one of the windowf looking at the view. "IHow clanrming this is !" lie said, as lie came forward, holding out Iis hand : "this is really ia lovely picture." And lie went back to the window as lie. spoke. "Yes, I never tire of it," I answered, going to his side and looking also at the grey ruins below and at the su,,lit river and the gleen hlills. "It is it quiet place, but I love Erdly," " And you have lived here all your life ?" "All but three years when I was abroad at school; before tlhat I hlid a governless at hoIne." " You were sitting in the garden just now, were you not ! Shall we go there l It's a pity to stay in the house such a glorious day." " Yes, come, and I will show you illy flowers." We went out together and crossed the lawn, and walked backwards anld for wards onu the gravel walk, just above the lha-ha wall. it was a brighllt clear August day, and an indescribable feeling of joyous less seemed to till imy heart. It was the beginning '.f a new life to mne--uys?teri oius dawii of aI fuller existence thanl I had known before. And be, too, looked happy and content, and presently lpro posed that we should go down the narrow stone steps jutting out of the lhi-la, iad thus reachl the steep hill, at the foot of which are the beautiful and romiantic ruins of Erdly A lbey. 1We walked round the churchyard walls in which the abbey statids but we did not cure to go nearer, ias this wouild lhave necessitated upplying to the old sexhvts who, kept the keys, and we neither of its felt in the humoiir to talk to him, or in deed to anlyone but each other. At least, I know I did not. TlChen we went along Iby the brawling river, and suddenly Mr Willughlby stopled alnd glanced up the hill at the vicarage shrullerics. " Let its turn the other way," lie said, and so we retraced our steps, going downl the stream instead of up, until we founid ourselves allmost out of sight of Erdly. What did we talk of as we went ? As other young people have talked before us, I supplse-the light, gay words our youth made full of hoplle. At last, usi willingly, I said I musIt go Lhowe. " But I imay see you ugain sometimes, imay I not ?" asked Mr Willoughby. I answered with a blush anid a laugh. I was but too glad, I know, to think I would see him aguaii, and we parled with the usderstauding that it would nolt be ling before we uiet. But, strange! neither lie nor I, though we both knew her so well, mentioned the ilanle of Helen Orme ... I wondered if he woulld call there after lie left nt. 1 11111 aslhamed to tell that I went to the back of the house and secretly watched him mount his horse, and saw hlimi look at Ihis watch as lie did so, ind thel he turned his horse's heald and rode away back up the green Iaue that, led to, Erdly cud inot oni to the vicarage.-gates, which were onil the other side of the Manor House. What made mue so glad wheln 1 saw him do this ? D)id I already nsessrstlasd that Helen Orue cared to inisiuchl for this Iandsoume geiintlmaniii, anid was 1 Il'eadv jealous of hIis attentions ? This couI;l scarcely be, so soon, and et the tlchought pleased tile that lie could be so inear Heleisalid yet lnot try to see her. His admiration could into be very great, I thoulght, slid I was plrosi allso thiat aifter all hlie hIal cared to call ulpon a girl. Isaw hiim aghaii two dlays aifter this first visit, for Isy father invited him i o dinsuter. "Este and Stanley are cisling to dine to morrow, iny deir," hle said, " inlld a good-looking y'oung fellow, calledl Will oughby, wIho claims to be a cousin of your mothier's, thouglh I don't exactly sec lhow. But at all events lie's comingg ti morrow. To be sure, yscI told iC ie Ie had called; but things go out of isy head soulchowv, noW. Anid, Latlurn, yusi mlay as well ask Orne's wife to mieet him : they saly hlie is a great friend of hers, sand Ornie ivill be away, for lie going to York to look after a mare that's to be sold tllhere." "I don't seae why I ishould ask her, father." My father looked rather llsurprised. "Just ,1s yiu like, siy dear." he sisid, "but I thonught she sund you were such griat chisnis.'' "Oh, we are very good frieilds, bit as it's just s pi3rty if inieni?" "Well, iliease yourself, ily girl. Ctider u goud diinner, land have the uel5 all tC yourself." Aid my father turned away writh a iittle laugh. And I did nit sck Ihelehn Orine. I wanited to show iher that IMri Willosughlly would cosise to diiilisr, thoigh ther' was inly a girl at thIe lheacd of lthe tible to enter(sctin hii. And I pIut ,i 1sy\ best gowii stlt tried Co lok isy best, asil my father s these gueist si all s IIed Io ejoII themselhes. Lord E'ste cwas sllite yUI g ll' lau. great ion hlses sid hol'rse-rllCl.ilsg, ialul CYtlssu Stuiiziley alsuo wiail devoCted ti the turf. ]lut le llalde mislleey isIi it, ilad lily father 1-t noosnes. Ile wac a tall. thhi. genilleilliunvl-,okls .hii? si sii of lthirty-lih' sir s0), wcih shuecl- nuiik, suruthiiihing vsca. lie aslwuys secelll?ld ts be cveiglhinlg yol, wcrds--" sceiglinig c is uhe suasaie," 1 :aid hausghiluly once to Mu Wiunoiils about hIis friend : but Mr Willouuh o liked Ihiun, am?l Lord i<ie likt in but somehow Isieves didh. ''hs! saiv was, to come when I grew afraid ut h;m, \whcu I trembled before the glance of his cold unfathomable ees : but this was not vet. He amused me, I remember, that night he dined at Erdy : he said such keen, crting things, with s?c-h an un moved countenance. "Do you ever go to hear poor old Orme preach he asked of me at dinner. "Yes, every Sunday," I answered. smiling; "even on wet Sundays there is no excuse, it is so near." "I wonder if he preaches to his hand some wife ' said Colonel Stanley, and he looked at Mr Willoughby as he spoke. "Do Tyo mean privately?" I said, with a little laugh. "I believe he is very fond of her." "No doubt; and I should say Mrs Orme was a woman with strong capa bilities of l'ring, of which we may hope poor old Orme has some advantage." "Come, old fellow don't be spitefuL" cried Lord Este in his boyish, good natured way, " Mrs Orme is very hand some, and old Oime can't expect her never to look at anyone except himself. I say, Erdly, about that roan colt- " He changed the conversation, and a few minutes later I left the table, going from the dining-room out on the dewy lawn. - It was a moonlight night, but weird and shadowy from the drifting clouds which were passing swiftly over the sky, while the wind stole throunh the trees and shrubs with a fitful mourning sough. But the wild night seemed to suit my mood. I felt excited, joyous. I crossed the lawn and went down to my favourite walk above the ha-ha wall at the end of the grounds, and there I paced, thinking of Stephen Willoughby: How handsome he was, I thouyht, and his brigRht smiling blue eyes seemed to follow me. Why did that sneering Colonel Stanley insinnate things ? It was stupid of Helen Orms, a married woman, to think of the admiration of yong men, but Mr thoughts were interrupted. Cross- I ing the lawn I now perceived what , might be a glow-worm in the darkness, but the subtle scent told me what it i really was. Some man, smoking, was coming towards me, and a minute later I reognrised who it was. " May I join you n said 31r Wil- 1 loughbs's voice. "And may I smoke '" I said " Ye" to both request. Ifelt I very glad he had come. " I left the others enjoying M3r Erdly's most excellent port," he continued. "1 1 went first up to the drawing- room to seek yon, but iound only an empty c shrine; the- I looked obt of the window, c and I saw what might have been at ghost, bat I guessed it was 3Mis Erdly's 1 white gown' -I thought I should like a breath of fresh air. I did not expect anyone to a lave the dining-room so soon." "I wanted to talk to you, you see. I We had a nice half-hour or so the other day, hadn't we ! It was one of the sunny t bits of life that get painted on one's memory-at least, it seemed so to me. f It's very cool of me though to take for ;rranted that you, too, enjoyed our stroll by the river " a -I did though." " I am very glad to hear it. That a means, I hope, that we may go again ; that we may Iecome the friends that In am sure we are meant to be ?" "I-I-shall be very glad." "That little link of kinsmanship between ?sis a sort of bond, isn't it! a M3y mother, we may suppose, loved your mother in their girlhood, and perhaps they know now that their children are r talking together. Perhaps they like to c see this- " t I laughed-a girl' glad laugh. " I'm getting sentimental, am I said Mr Willoughby. " D'ye know, it's not my war-but onu make me so, and c the night and the moonlight-- "And the ruined abbey and thet whispering wind." I said gaily. "We hare all the necessary surrounding, Mr I Willoughby; we only want a tragedy, at secret, and the scene will be complete." "We want neither tragedy nor secret. We are young, and one of us hand some- " Which one " " You know very well, and I don't need to tell you. So you are making merry at my expense, are you? Now that's not fair, 31iss Erdly. But hush ! what is that ? SIt is someone coming up the step' of the ha-ha," I said, now also pausing to listen ; and the next instant I saw by the moonlight a woman's head appear. "Halt " said a voice in.a pretenled tone of command. It was Helen Orme, and I ran forward to help her up the steps. "Have I frightened you ?" The said, taking my hand. "I heard voices as I came through the field, and I intended to have a peep at on and Mr Erdly-in fa;wct, I am the bearer of a message. What . Yonu !" 3Mr Willoughby had now stepped for ward, and as she recognised him Helen" Orme started back and it might be fancy, but I thought she grew pale. "I have been dining with Mr Erdly," said Mr Willoughby, as if he thought that being with me at this hour required an explanation. "I and Eote and Stanley. Ah! here they are toming- you will meet quite a lot of old friends, Mrs Orme." "So it seems," she answered; and when the other gentlemen joined us she was very bright and lively. She gave her husband's message to my father, and then I saw her deliberately cross the path to where Mr Willoughby stood. "Let as take a turn," she said, "the air gets chillyf;" and a moment later these two walled on along the dim path, andas they did so Colonel Stanley joined "Shall we go the opposite way," he said, "and leave lrs Orme and Wil longhby to admire the moonlight at their leisure " And he gv'e a low laugh. I felt angry at his manner, but Itried not to show this. "And so,"he said deliberately tura ing round and looking at me, "'you have grown up in thrs quiet spot-like iwhat shall I say ?-~.one of your own roses!> " "Why do you liken mte to a rose ?" "Because you are fresh and fair- isn't ilta'a pretty an?ser " "Very, if I could believe it. You don't even suggest' anything about tIhorns." ' "I don't object to a few thorns: a women is insipid without a little occa sional sharpness." "'That is good news for ie, a;s I lam supposed to be a spoilt chill, you koow." And I laughed. "I know what I would inot allow yVu to do if rou were mS child." "And whlat is that, Colonel Stanly :' " Yon admire Mrs Orme, I daresay Sdo you like her ' I hesitated a mnoment. I was wonder inm if I really liked Helen Orme.. 'I admire her," I said. "?So does Willoughby, seemingly. I don't. I neith'_r admire nior afrove of a married firt. I think Ehe is not exactly the person to be a voung rir: ' friend-and you must no: be anrr with me for candidly tlbing you mr oinion." I did no: eark. I knew he had no right to art this. and yet I did nos resent hi speech. We met Mrs Orme and Mr Wtlaozhh,r a moment later face to face in the walk. and she stopped. "Good-night Laura." she said:; -I am going home" "Don't go yet ; ome in and have some coffee." "No. I am going now: say good night to Mr Erdlr and Lord Este for me. Mr Villoughby wtll see me home. Good night. Colonel Stanley--unless you and Lanra will come and see us gracefully descend the steps of the ha-ha ?' "No, that would destroy the romance of the situation: we shall believe in the grace without seeing it; good-night. Mrs Orme," said Colonel Stanley. "I will not say good-night as I shall be back almost immediately," said Mir Willoughby, and he looked at me as he spoke. "Come!" Helen spoke this single word quite sharply, and 3Mr Willoughby turned away with her, and Colonel Stanley and I were alone. " Let as go in," I said. quickly. I was afraid to hear his comments on Helen Orme's conduct, and silently we returned to the house and went into the drawing-room to have coffee. We found Lord Este there talking to my father, and he approached me as I entered. "I hare been persuading M3r Erdly," he said, "to allow you to came over and stay a few days at Oreford. Mr sisters are both coming to-morrow," he added, with his boyish laugh, "or of course I dare not have asked yon." "But you are only a schoolgirl, Laura. as Ive been telling Este," said my father. "Lady Bagot and Mrs Brom head won't thank him for bothering them with you." "I am not a schoolgirl now, father: its month's since I left schooL I should like to go to Oreford, Lord Este." "That's awfully jolly; some of the men are goinmg to clear out before Madge and Joan arrive, as I can't have them there with such a houseful : so will ,on come on Friday ? There will only be Bagot and Bromhead and Stanley and Willoughby there by then." I was delighted to promise to go. Lord Este's place, Orefdrd, was abott seven miles from us-a beautiful place, of which the young lrd had but lately come in possession, for he was only in his twentyr-second year. And I liked Lord Este. He was a bright good-tempered young man, full of life and enjoyment, and .he, did his best to make everyone arond im iahbi also. "I had known his sisters when I was a young girl before their marriages, and as far as I remembered them they were very good natured too. After this my visit was settled, and my father asked me to sing to them, and Colonel Stanley was plea-ed to praise my voice very highly. He stood beside me as I sang, and I wished he would go away. I was thinking of Mr Willoughby and wondering why1 he did not return, Then the gentlemen began to play whist, and the time seemed very long to me. I went to the window and looked out, bat still there was no sign of Mr Willonghly. At last Colonel Stanley rose after looking at his watch. "A quarter to twelve," he said: "come, Este, send one of your people round to the vicarage to remind Will oughby of the flight of time; we ought to be going-we are wearying Miss Erdlr." "Best drive round to the vicarage gate ourselves," said Este ; "it's stupid of Willoughby." And hlie laughed. Colonel Stanley laughed, too, and then they bath shook hands with me and went away, and presently I heard their dog-cart drive from the. door, and then my father came back. " What a fool Orme's wife's is !"' he said, "making all their tongues wag." (To be cortinued.) 