TOPICS OF THE DAY, Tho "Woekly'Timcs" this week devotes spools) attontioKx«to the comimr Carnival, and "Caspian's" forecasts for tho Derby, the Cup, and other' events of tho V.ft.O. meeting will intwDat tlio legions oi readers who at this' season aro keen for tho well considerei't viows nna pro- dictions of tho uxpj;t, . 41 Caspian's" signal success1 in' sobering Paris for tho Cauifiolil' Gup v.iill causo tho selections indicated in ' tho courso of his pithy aitioles on tho V.H.O. gathering to bo noted with particular favor. Our contemporary, while oivingvkto attention to tho aport of tho hour, haa sacrificed the general interest of its new columns to the one permanent topic. V'ho action of tho Country Party in brlnckUff about the rejection of some of Sir-iSrahnm Borry'a high duty proposals is atvongly supported. Tltere are ono or two nt?V and attractive features in "The Favor's Gazette." " Hints for Home and Far.ti " and " Iioddon Groy's" supgestivo coriY.d- butione aro certain to provo vory accept able to country readers. In " Tho Story-' tellor," the isonal, " In tho Daya of tho( Mutiny," is supplemented by a complete' story entitled " Tho Ghosts of Hocking HalU" . - . Tbo' Cremation' Society' of Melbonrne 'has' Held ' its ihaugursl mooilug. His Honor Mr Justice a'Beckett presided, nnd thore was a good attendance of mem bers to which tho meeting was limited. It'.ilcs suggested by the committco ap pointed in August were amended and passed. . Mr Justice A-Beckott was clouted President ; Dr Grcsswell, Professor Kornot and Professor Mnsson, vice-presidents ; Mr Rusden, secretary and ticasurer ; nnd Dr. Brett, Mr Buxton, Mr ISIlcry, Mr li. C. Gcoghegan, Mr It. Godfrey, Dr. Neild, MrG. A. Syrac, Mr T. a'B. Weignll and Mr Justico Williams, members of Council. Tho now council then held its meet ing to dir.noBcof some urgent business It was decided to hold a public meeting shortly to bring cremation before tho citizonsof Melbourne. A model of tho Woking "Gorim " Furnace may bo seen for a few days at Buxton's Gallery. Tlio enterprising Uniou Steamship Company- announce their arrangements for summer excursions from Port .Phillip to that wondurlaml. New Zealand: These excursions have ..attained a world-wide celebrity, aud tourists from all parts of tho globe, nml tlio visitor from Aus tralia, on landing at the Bluff, havo the choices of proceeding along tho coast to Dunedin, or of gointr from luvercargili direct to the coK' lakes of the South Island by tram.dhvercnrgill is tho starting point for Lake To Annu nnd Mnnapouri, which arc reached, by coach in ono day from Lutusdon. , Matianouri is tlio most beautiful lake' ittT Now Zealand, nnd perhaps in tho world, wlulo tlio grnndour of the fiords of Lako To Anau is unex celled— nvor and Jake, forest and snow- : capped mountains, alternating in charm ing variety. Lake Wakatipu, Lake Wanaka and Mount Cook are tbo other points of special interest in the Middle Island. In tho/ 'North Island tho traveller finds the. hot springs district wliero boiling springs, geysers, fumorales, sulphur springs, and many other volcanic wonders enchain tho attention. Tho various fonturoa of Maori lifo can also bo studied to the beat advantage. The canoo trip up the Wangnnrri-River is one of unique interest, tlio aconery being varied -and imposing. The recontly dis covered Wai-tomo Caves in tho North of Auckland should bo visited. Tho special excursionists to the West Coast Sounds in tho splendidly-appointed steamer Tarawera will leavo Port Ghalniora this neason on tho 11th and 21st January, and 1st February. Each of these excursions consist of a charming ten days' picnic among scenery rivalling in its beauty nnd grandeur that of tho Norwegian FiordB. All information'ns to fares, routes, Ac., ut tbo offices of tho company, 153 Collins street. In our advertising columns will bo found the twelfth unnual report aud balance sheet of tiio Lungridgo Mutual Permanent Building Society. From the balance sheet iho assets of the society will basuen to be over L211.000, being greater than tho liabilities by moro than L8000. The profit and loss account bIiows a satis factory balance of L8000 odd. Tho cablegram about tho proposed withdrawal of tho. English troops from Canada is rather sensational. After all, it would only be equivalent to tho with- drnVnl of H.M. forces from Australia 23 years ago, nnd Canada has an enormously strong militia. Certainly Australia has not .so " dangerous" a neighbor as tho United States. An elccUon of n novel nature was hold on the vessels of the Victorian war fleet, ami at the naval depot, Wiliiamstown, yesterday to Bclcct a lifc- governor to tlio Wiltiatnstown Hospital from amongst those who bud assisted the institution by holding a hall lost year, at which nearly L75 was cloarcd. Seven candidates were nominated,' hut Mr G. V. linker, C.P.O., polled 70 votes to his opponents' combined totals ot 11 votes. At the invitation of the chairman of the Health Committee ot tho City Council (Alderman ifam), tho members ot the Coun cil will pay a visit of inspection to the Sanitary works on Monday next, the 3l9t iuat. " Cnp visitors and others desiring full infor mation concerning the railway times, coach times aod fares throughout the Australian colonies will fand Gordon and Gotoh's Aus tralian A. B.C. road and rail guido for November an exceedingly serviceable publi cation, more especially as it is corrected monthly to date of issue. Messrs Wm. Howard Smith aud 8on draw attention by special advertisement Itiiatyhhoir favorite excursion steamer Kdina will open the Sunday season and ran , a special excursion to Portarlington, Gcelong and Bolkirino to-morrow, loavioR Queen's wharf (top berth) at J1 a.m. A baud-will accompany the Edina on Sundays and all holidays, and also play on tho grounds. Ooo of the fcaturox of yesterday's pro ceedings at the Queen's Fund Bazaar, in the Town Hall was tho oraceful dancing of Mrs Green's pupil. At the conclusion of their performance Mrs Green was complimented by Lady Hopetoun. An alabaster replica of Mr Sheldon's eraoetnl equestrian portrait statuette of Mr George W&teon; is now at the National Gal lery, pending tho casting of the bronze, which the trustees havo secured for their coliecliou. Great credit Is due to Mr Shol- dou for his efforts to revive in the colonies tho cire perdu process et the crest sculptor Bcnovuto CelUni. A Tonnysou memorial card has been pro duced by Mr W. R. Chalmers, tho well- known penman and caligrapliist, of this city. A portrait of tho laureate, appro priately set In. a wreath, is beautifully exe cuted. It is flanked by verses composed by Mr H. O'Donnell, and beautifully written io duplicate by Mr Chalmers with tho right and left hand respectively. A public meeting for the advocacy of tbo priuciples of total abstinence will be held in the Tentp-xancu Hall, Rusoell street, to-mor row (Sunday) evening, at half- post 7 o'clock, when addressee will be delivered by the Rev, E. Tucker, from Orange, and Mr P, W. M'Gratii. The Rov. T, J. Malvon. LL.B,, preaches at the new Town Hall, Prabran, to-morrow evening. Tho popular excurston steamer Ozone wil run her ccopd Sunday trip for the present season to-morrow, when aba will start from the Port Melbourne Railway pier at 11.10 ivm. for,, those delightful seaside resorts, 6iiecncliff Katid Sorrento. Frequenters of Hemlngtoh wlU find this outing specially en- joyablo alter the slid cxcitemeatcf Derby day. On Monday the Ozone will again run to the above places, bet on Tuesday (Cup day) a holi day excursion will bn made to Bchnappor Point, Dromsna and Sorrento, as announced in the company's timetable in our shipping columns. . In our buiineu columns will bn found A large advertisement and plan of the Newcastle tnwnxhip, Coat Creole, Kormnburra, which is to bo sold by public auction, on the ground, on Snturday, 12th November,' at 2 o clock, by Messrs 1'attcrfim and Son and Most JolifTe aud Love, acting in conjunction. From the locality plan It will be seen that the land is iu the immediate vicinity of the Coal Greek, Tctlio, Coal Creek Extended, Silkntone, Stmt- Jccki. Jumbunna, and Outt'rmi iniues. ' A railway station is proposed to beereoted on the land, and a constant unpply of water is obtain able from the adjacent creek. Any fnrttier information may be obtiiued fromMrR,K. Macartney, the Olderfleet, , The Phoenix Fireworks Company, wbo have a large fireworks factory near Melbourne, are to Rive- diftplayii next week quite equal to any pru<(>uted to this city. The first will take place on Cup night and the second on the Saturday following on the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The band of the Senior Cadet Bat talion, comprising 40 pwfotutert, will render a musical programme from 6 o'clock. Tbo public aro specially notified that there will only be two displays. Mr G. Vriuoe was eleeted a member of the Victorian Stock Exchange at the afternoon meeting held yesterday ' Tho balloon raoe, advertised to take plaoe at the Jliohmond pony tract on Monday nest has, wsare Informed, had to be postponed owing to the indispositioa . of one of. the lady aeronauts. r . . From their advertisement in to-days Issue of this paper the Australian Mutual Provident Society have declared a bonus of £489,000 for tbo year 1891. The society also states Ua I invested funds to be over eleven millions. \ Messrs Hart and Co., o! 8«austou street, announce that they are prepared to exseute for the installation of the electric light itj > business promise or private bouses. Amwfftk rseret work doer nytbmu may be meiA/Votd the fitting of Mr B. Mitebellb new prcmuw in Elizabeth ilrcot, which was a»- cctnpliihod to the entire satisfaction of tha propriftor. The Union Mortgage and Agency Company of An»trslia Limited rrp'rt that they will hold thmr u»uil wool sale at the wool rxchauge oo Monday next, tli«3Ut inxr, at 3 nharp. Mary Foley, who had her leg amputated in consequence of injrrip«ustAtned thrmisrh b'tng run nvi-r by a railway train at the St. Ktida station on Wednandsy nirht. i progressing favorably in tin- Melbourne Hospital. Mr J. J. Brenan, auctionet-r, of Carlton, an- nooncs in our advrti-tng c lusnna that he will contest the seat tor Smith Ward. 