_... Oasis , Club Papers. NO VIII.— ON 'JULIUS C/ESAR.' (11Y..D. T. DILLON.) Cassias:— How many ages hence. Shall this our lofty scene be acted over, In states unborn and accents yet unknown ! Brutus,— How many times shall Caisar bleed . '? in sport, That how on I'ompey's basis lies along, No worthier than the dust ! (j.c. m. I. 112.) '??.-? . The modern drama, as is well known, had ? a religious origin. Its first performance took place in the 13th century under the title of miracle or mystery plays. These plavs were instituted for the purpose of instructing the common people in Bible history and in the legends of the saints, in a popular and -1 interesting ?way. They were staged and ? ''. ' acted by the clergy and the time of their per formance extended over several days as they included all the great events recorded in the Bible, from the creation to the day of judgment. A grotesque feature of them was the introduction of the Prince of Darkness, ?who, equipped, according to the vulgar notion, with horns, hoofs, and tail, supplied the low comedy clement and kept the audience in good humor. These were followed later, by moral plays or moralities, the' characters in which were abstract qualities such as Knowledge, Justice, Beauty, Virtue, Vice, and their professed ' ohjcct'was to inculcate moral lessons. After the beginning of the 16th century historical personages were put on the stage beside these allegorical characters. Plays of this kind were called mixed plays or interludes, but gradually the real characters became more prominent and the plays received the name of history plays or histories. Out of these elements was evolved the popular English drama in both its branches, comedy and tragedy, The earliest English comedy, entitled ' Ralph Royster Doyster,' a dramatic picture of London life, was written by Nicholas Udall about the year 1550, and the earliest tragedy, ' Gorboduc, or'Ferrex and Porrex,' by Sackville, (afterwards Lord Buckhurst) and Norton in the year 1561. ?Besides the popular drama, however, there : grew.- up. the. classical drama, patronized especially by the rich and cultured, and written by scholars after the style of the ancient Greek a.id Rmnan play.;. The popular drama was now called romantic to distinguish it from the classical, and just be Shakspeare's time these two schools were merged into one, that is, plays appealing to the mass of Englishmen in characters, scenes, and st»ry, were written by scholars and. men of a refined sense of art, which was derived principally ftom classical and Italian sources. The.greatest of these writers was Marlowe, born in the same year as Shakspeare but, unlike him, a trained scholar and an M.A. of Cambridge. He wrote in stately verse and pompous style, described by Ben Jonson as ' Marlowe's mighty line.' This then was the new school of English drama in possession of the stage at the out set of Shakspeare's career. Though inferior in education and experience to his contem poraries, he soon outstripped them all. He saw clearly,- what his contemporaries failed to see; the capacity of the drama for repre senting human conditions, and he utilised it in that direction thoroughly. His plays are not merely a series of pictures, on panoramas, or comic adventures, or tragic scenes ; they are instinct with a strong' human flavour, exciting a deep human interest and sympathy. ' So true and subtile,' say Collier,' an interpreter of the human soul in its myriad moods has never written novel, play, or poem.' Shakspeare's career as a dramatist is usually divided into three periods. During the first period (15S6-1593) his work bears evidence of apprenticeship, and he seems more the playwright than the playwriter. In the second period (1594-1598) his work is less mechanical and more original. The third period (159S-1612) is characterised by greater profundity of thought, more artistic skill, and a maturer conception of humanity. Tt was in this period, a time when his in tellectual powers were at their highest, that he produced the 'Julius Caæsar,' a play, Archbishop Trench remarks, 'dramatically and poetically standing so high that it only just falls short of that supreme rank which Lear ? ami Othello, Hamlet and Macbeth claim for themselves, without rival or com petition cve:i from among the creations of the same poet's brain.' The historical tragedy, 'Julius Caisar,' was first printed, as far as can be ascertained, during the year 1623, or seven years after the poet's death, in what is known as the first folio collection of his plays. This edition, comprising 36 plays, was published by the actors Heming aid Condcll, and in it ' Julius Cresar' stands between ' Timon of Athens' and ' Macbeth.' Concerning the exact date at which the play was written biographers and commenta tors have differed considerably. Malone, in his ' Attempts to ascertain the' order in which Shakspeare's plays were written,' assigns the composition of 'Julius Cwsar' to the year 1607\. Collier maintains that the date must be, before 1603, as he believes the play was acted in' tint year. Halliwcll places it before 1601, quoting a reference to it from Wccver's ' Mirror of Martyrs' published in the same year. Wright and I'urnivall agree in fixing the representation of the play between 1600 1601\. The data upon which these writers base their conclusions with respect to this matter are interesting. In the second scene of the firt act, whc:i Cassius is endeavouring to gain over Brutus to the pirty of the con spirators against Caisar, he is' made to use these words: O, you and I have heard our fathers say There was a Brutus once that would have brook'd The eternal devil to keep his state in Rome As easily as aking. ' Johnson, Grey, Hunter and Wright arc of the opinion that Shakspeare really 'meant to use the word 'in- fernal1, in place of 'eternal1, in these lines but that he deferred to the objections urged by the large and; powerful Puritan party against the use of profane expressions on the sta;;e. This popular feeling culmin ated shortly after the- accession of James I Jn the passage of an Act. to restrain the abuses of the stage,, and thereafter numerous instances occur in Shakespeare's plays where 'heaven' is substituted for 'God' in the '-'?'?.. earlier quartos. Whatever thereason, the fact'is that in three plays published in 1600 the .word ' infernal' is employed, e.g. in Much Ad6'al)dut Notliihi; ' '{11:1.264) Bene v: ^lick says Qf; Beatrice;, 'J.Comc, ,talk not of ?;?'. ??;.-., .her ; you shall find.her.the infernal Ate in ???' '?'??'??'. .?.?'??. E'npiliapparcl!' ; in the second part of King i ,v .'Henry IV, (11.4.1C8) Pistol says of Doll ; ;.; y 7;;Tearshcet,.;Vi;il;sce her damned first; to V^vS ?.;-V;:.I»lu'tp's damned, lake; by this hand to the ;',;:':;;*, infernal : deep, with Erebus and .tortures '''???? V :^*S'-vUeyiMP.''Ji'a:id'i,i Titus Andrqnicus(v.i.28) ?:;;;yh^Tamora;in'coijyerse with Titus 'says. ; .:'':? .?: ? ;'-:.i'.^-}vfv^ ^'Vr } f ?'?'.] -'?{ » ?' -? ' -? ' . - ? : *- :? ';:-vv-*?'Knjo\v'thpu;saii.man, Tarmnot Tamora; ' :, feivS^Ke/Lsfthy/cncmy,; and I thy friend : -WSiv^lAWiilR^Yehgetsentlfrom the infernal king rvX-;r'^-^:i;''ftwK5'ii.'.'.n-.--.r!--; - .,\:-': ,;'??.. '?? ,-'? vV\' . ;?? ^:::-;ft,;.Tp^s^t]ie;gnawing vulture of thy mind, ; ;..-.', W V.^\\-By. working' wreakful vengeance on thy foe's. ?v'.:' ???? ? -V '?'?' ,-j;^'ilKtcrnal'i5, used however,; as . the cqiii-' ;-'vi.'.'*-^;--nieiit-.of,-'iiif-!rn'!irin Hamlet (r.5.21). „. v.;'V: : .Ghost: But this eternal blazon must hot : ?')', .''.,' ?:'- ?'': he to ears of flesh and blood, 'v'-- : .'?''?;? ??ancUv.2.376) l''ortinbras : O proud death, ':?'' '.'? What feast is toward in thine eternal cell, ?; . that thou so many princes at' a- shot so bloodily hast struck?' In Othello(iy.2.i3o), . Kiiiiliasay*: '1 will be liau.vd if sonic ? eternal villau, some ..busy, .ami insinuating rogue, some cogging, cozening slave, to get some i' office, have not devised this slander,' ? rrid iii Julius Cwiarin the case under notice, Wright further remarks, ? ' By a similar eon cession to propriety the word ' tarnal is used in America.' The inference is therefore that these plays were produced subsequently to 1600, and as Weevcr quoted from Julius Crcsar in 1601, the date of the play is fixed between these years. Other dramatists contemporary with Shakespeare have handled the subject of 'Julius Caisar.' Dr. Richard Ecdes, a student of Christ Church, wrote a Latin play on Cresar's death in 1582, from which it is suggested that Shakespeare may have derived the famous Et te Br.Je. This expression does not occur in Plutarch, and in Suetonius' account of the death of Cresar it is said that he fell without a word, ' though some have written that as Brutus came running upon him, he uttered in Greek ^Kai sit, tcknon,' ' thou too, my son !' Other possible sources of Et' tu Brute may have been the True Tragedie of Richard, Duke of York, printed in 1595, or Nicholson's ' Acolastus his After witte,' published in 1600, Besides that writtenby.Dr. Eedes, plays upon the subject of .Caisar were written by Gosspn, Chapman Drayton, Alexander of Sterling, and an anonymous play was acted privately by the students of Trinity College, Oxford. The imagination of Shakespeare had been, evidently, deeply impressed by the character and history of Julius Caisar, and throughout his plays numerous allusions are made to that personage. In ' As you like it' (v.2.33) Rosalind speaks of ' Caisar's thrasonical brag of I came, saw and overcame.' In the second part of King Henry IV (J.1.23) and (iv.3.45) Lord Bardolph and Kalstafif refer to ' Caisar's fortunes' and ?' that , hooknose fellow of Rome' ; in King_ Henry V (v. Pro. :S). in the three parts 01 King Henry VI (n.56, iv.1.137. iv.7.67. v.5^53), i.i King Richard III itll.l.oS), in tnree pas .v»ge- in Hamlet, in various passages in Cymbeline. and in Antony and Cleopatra, the 'mighty Julius' testified to his occupation of Shakespeare's mind in no small degree. Furnivall, one of the most modern of Shakespearian editors, suggests that there was ' a possible reference in the moral pur pose of 'Julius C;esar' to the conspiracy of Essex,' and thinks ' that the performance ; of the play in 1601 would come home, closely to the ears aid hearts of a London audience, ] after the favorite's outbreak against his sovereign. ' Et tu /-/?«-?-?,' he says ' would mean more t - them than to us.' This is a point which, it is hoped, will not lead to as much controversy as the question of the j madness of 'the melancholy Dane.' Against the probability of Furnivall's con jecture is the fact, already mentioned, that the life and character of Julius Cai-sar. as evidenced by numerous allusions 0:1 other plays, had taken a strong hold upon the mind of Shakespeare and therefore there was a strong motif for the production of the play as purely historical, and apart from any bearing on contemporary topics. ' Besides, jis Wright remarks, ' Shakespeare showed a singular reticence concerning contemporary events.' He may have drawn upon the life around him to a certain extent. His nightly revels with Raleigh and Jonson at the Mermaid and the Falcon may have in spired the pictures of life in ' the Boar's Head Tavern, Eastcheap,' and at the Garter Inn where ' fat and vinous ' old Jack Flalstaff held undisputed sway. The court of Elizabeth doubtless supplied material for many a brilliant scene, and the beautiful woodland about Stratford and other charm ing spots in England must have suggested the leafy glades through whose cool air moralised the ' melancholy Jaqucs' and under whose ' odorous chaplets' sang and danced Titania and her merry train. But those characters which are not purely his torical arc almost entirely the creations of bis fanciful and inexhaustible imagination, and none of his plays relate to matters of any importance which transpired in his own day. The source from which Shakespeare de rived this play is evidently Sir Thomas North's translation of Plutarch's Lives, two editions of which were published, one in 1579, the other in 1595. North did not translate the Greek of Plutarch but used the French translation made by Jaqucs Amyot, bishop of Auxerre, of which two editions had, appeared, im 1559 and 1565. North used the earlieredition. Alluding to S'orth's translation, Archbishop Trench remarks : ' Whatever Latin Shakespeare may have had, he cer tainly knew no Greek. And thus it was only through this translation that he was able to reproduce the ancient Roman world as no other modern poet has done in his plays of Coriolanus, Julius Caisar, and Antony and Cleopatra. It is hardly an exaggeration to say that the whole play (Julius Cresar) is to be found in Plutarch. Shakespeare indeed has thrown a rich mantle of poetry over all, which is often wholly his own ; but of in cident there is almost nothing which he doea not owe to Plutarch, even as continually he owes the very wording to Sir Thomas North.' With respect to this opinion of Archbishop Trench's it is only fair to quote the Lang horncs, themselves translators of the Greek of Plutarch: 'It is said by those who arc not willing to allow Shakespeare much learning that he availed himself of North's translation ; but they seem to forget that, in order to support their arguments of this kind, it is necessary for them to prove that Plato, too, was translated into English at the same time; for the celebrated soliloquy, ' To be or not to be,1 is taken almost verbatim from that philospher ; yet we have never found that Plato was translated in those times.' Though Shakespeare has adhered thus faithfully to the material provided for him by Plutarch, at times he departs fom the ' litcralitics ' of history and chronology. In I. 1.32 and 52,' he makes Caisar'i ' triumph over Pompey's blood ' take place at the feast of the Lupcrcalia, February 15, 'B.C. 44, when the correct date is early in October, n.c. 45. It is interesting to note that this was the first triumph ever celebrated by a Roman general over Roman citizens. In 1. 2.264, Casca says, ' He plucked me ope his doublet.' Doublet and hose were garments of Shakespeare 5 time, not ot 1 Caisar's. In!. 3.4S and H. 1.73, Cassius: : ' And thus unbraced Casca, as you sec '; j and Lucius, 'No, sir, their hats are pluck'd about their ears.' The same remark applies — these articles of costume were of Shakspeare's own time. The Roman ' pilcus ' was a close fitting cap of felt without any brim ; and the ' petasus ' was worn only to keep off' the sun. Shakespeare dressed his Romans in Elizabethan slouched hats. In I. 3.20, Casca : ' Against ' the Capitol I met a lien, who glared upon me ami went surly by.' The commentators say that there were no lions in the Capitol, and that Shakespeare when. writing this line had the Tower of London in his mind. We are told however, by Plutarch that Antony drove lions in his chariots in Rome, and that Cassius complained that Crcsar had injured him over some lions which he had sent to Megara. ' Indeed it was said by some that this quarrel about the lions was the principal cause of Cassius' con spiracy against Cresar.' Shakespeare's al lusion may not be so mal-apropos, therefore, as is commonly held. ? In 11. 1. 191, Brutus: 'Peace! count the clock.' Cassius: 'The clock hath stricken. three.'1 The'use of clocks and watches was unknown to the Romans, but they had sundials and clepsydras, or watcrclocks, at the time to which this play refers. f- In'.ii!:'2. 16. Calpurnia : 'There is one ?within. ..recounts most horrid sights seen by the ?;«'«/-:/-.'.' Shakspeare was thinking of ?London;' .riot of ancient Rome where night ?watchmeni were 'not established before the time of -Augustus; :;? ; ? In 11. i'.- The 'assassination of Cajsar in the ? Capitol'. Caisar's^murder was actually per petrated- in the Curia, of Pompey, and : it is somewhat remarkable that not only, in this ?play hutin Hanilet(lil. 2. 108, Polonius : 'I. did enact Julius Cicsar: I was killed in the Capitol-: Uriitiis killed me.' Hamlet : .' It' was a brute part of him to kill' so capital a calf there.' A'.id in Antony arid Cleopatra, ] II.' 6. 18, Pompey :?':Wha't made the all- : hoiwrUf ?honest KomaU) Brutus— to drench , the Capitol?') the same departure from the truth of history is made. In HI. 2. 73. Antony: 'I come to bury Ciesar not to praise him.' Shakspeave was thinking of his own time and country. The custom of cremation had not been in use in Rome very long before the time of Caisar. In IV. I., the meeting of the triumvirs at Rome 1 The real scene of the meeting was a small island in the Reno, near Bologna. In v. 3. 109; Brutus : ' 'Tis three o'clock, and, Romans, yet ere night, We shall try fortune in a second fight.' This speech of Brutus would convey the impression that the two battles of Philippi were fought in one day, whereas twenty days intervened between them. A not uninteresting incident in con nection with the second battle of Philippi was the action of the poet Horace, then a Legionary Tribune in Brutus' Army, who saved himself by' throwing away his shield and taking t« flight. It would be out of place in a short paper of this kind to enter into any dissertation upon that interesting subject, Elizabethan English, which forms the material with which our poet expressed his burning thoughts. The importance to the student of Shakspeare of paying some attention to it cannot, however, be lost sight of. The jncre fact that the works of commentators, editors, and ex positors of Shakspeare are as plentiful as blackberries, attests the existence in his writings of many words, phraseologies, and passages, the meaning of which is, at least, not obvious to ordinary readers of the present day. This arises partly from the fact that, under any circumstances, by reason of certain characteristics of style, Shakspeare would be occasionally a difficult author, but principally from the doubtful state of the text in manv places and from the changes that have taWn place in our.language since his day. The English of the 16th century may be said (o be almost a different language from that of the 19th. The difference in the meaning of the words of Elizabethan authors does not present much difficulty. They can be understood by the aid of such a glossary as is appended ' to the Globe and other editions, or, with a little thought, the context enables us to arrive at their import. The differences of idiom are more perplexing and more frequent, yet one can hardly be said to be a close student of Shakspeare who has not noticed or is unable to explain these idioms. Of course it is possible to study Shakspeare from a purely siithetic point of view in what is know.i as the higher criticism, but it is only the philologist who can tell us what Shakspeare really wrote and how what he has written is to be* read and construed. In this connection it is worthy of remark that 'Julius Cresar' is said to be of all Shakspcare's plays the one of which the text has come down to us in the lexst unsatisfactory state. One instance, however, will serve' to show how widely it is possible for commentators to differ. In (in. 1. 263) Antony says, 'A curse shall light upon the limbs of men.' For ' limbs,' which is the reading of the First Folio, it has been proposed by different critics of repute to substitute 'kind,' 'line,' 'lives,' lymmes,' i.e., bloodhounds, 'loins,' 'tombs,' 'heads,' 'impious,' and 'imps,' while others maintain that ' limbs ' ij perfectly satisfactory. Truly here is a be wildering choice, and a permanent solution of the difficulty would be a veritable oasis in the desert of conjecture to the weary student. With regard to the First Folio, Craik has calculated that the number of readings it contains, either clearly wrong or exceedingly suspicious, is 20 to the page or about 20,000 in all. The action of the play of 'Julius Caisar' begins at a period in Rome's history pro ceeding the Christian era by less than half a century. The republic, born some 465 years, has grown old and inefficient, a dictator rules who would be king, and the partisans of republicanism and royalty are almost in open opposition. The leading characters of the play are in order of impor tance, Brutus, Cassius, Antony, Caisar. It seems strange that with the title of the play as at present, Shakespeare did not give a more prominent place to Caisar. His part in it is played out in the opening of the 3rd Act; after that we have no more of him but 'his dead body, his ghost, and his memory.' His character too is only partially limned'. W,e have nothing of the remark able qualifies, invincible courage, high in telligence, wonderful military and adminis trative ability which rendered him so illus trious ; nothing of those talents which in early youth won for him the ' proudest bays' in oratory, in poetry, and in prose, and which, as Napoleon III remarks, 'had made him a distinguished before he was a great man.' It is only in a minor degree, as it were, and from the utterances of others — from the sneers of Cassius, the impartial judgment of Brutus, and the panegyrics of Antony — that we are able to piece together an estimate of the Caisar of history. More over, the partial delineation of Ccesar /// propria persona, that Shakespeare gives us, taken by itself would leave an incorrect im pression on our minds of the grandeur of his real character. Craik says, ' We have a distinct exhibition of little else beyond Caisar's vanity and arrogance, relieved and set off by his good nature or affability.' It is as if Shakespeare had wished to palliate, in the mind!) of his readers, the murderous dagger of Brutus by dimming the lustre and displaying to the verge of exaggeration the less pleasing qualities of this intended victim. Take for instance, sucli speeches as (I. 2. 198 and 211): 'But I fear him not: yet if my name were liable to fear, 1 rather tell thec what is to be fear'd than what I fear; for always I am CaiSar'; and (II. 2. 45) : No, Ciosar shall not : danger knows full well That Caisar is more dangerous than he : We are two lions litter'd in one day; And I the elder and more terrible ? and (ill. I. 58): I could be well moved, if I were as you ; If I could pray to move, prayers would move me : But I am constant as the northern star, Of whose true-fix'd and resting quality There is no fellow in the firmament. The skies arc painted with unnumber'd sparks, They are all fire and everyone doth shine, Butthere'sbut one in all doth hold his place : So in the world ; tis furnish'd well with men, And men ? re flesh and blood and apprehen sive ; Yet in the number I do know but one That-unassailable holds on hii rank, Unshaked of motion : and that I am he Let me a little show it even in this. If arrogance were not clearly the spirit breathed 111 these lines, we could almost imagine that we were listening to the braggart utterances of a Falstaff rather than to ' the foremost man of all this world,' who, we are told by Liddcll, 'was noticeable for the entire absence of vanity and self conceit from his character.' Brutus, that ' noblest Roman of them all,' is undoubtedly the hero of the nlav. and in the hands of Shakespeare a most powerfully drawn character. A man of good birth and high moral reputation, he is selected by the conspirators as the leader most likely to cause their intended crime to appear a virtuous and worthy act in the eyes of the populace.' Supposed to be descended from the Lucius Junius Brutus who drove Tarquin the Proud into exile, with his family name seemed con nected' a stern and unbending republicanism ' that would have brook'd the eternal devil to keep his state in Rome as easily as a iking.1.'.' All through the play Shakspeare depicts him as actuated by the highest motives, and enlists ? our sympathy on his behalf in the misfortunes which ultimately crowd upon. him and culminate finhis death by his own hand, at thesecond battle of Philippi. . ; -. ? |. _ In the first scene between Brutus and Cassius, : the distinguishing features of I character, .and; the different motive which .influence the two men towards the same end , arc ele»rly manifested. ,-? '-.'. ?.???.?'?:? ..*-. ?: In Brutus it is not hatred of the man but of the would-be-king which is the impelling force. He 'knows no personal cause to spurn' at Cresar, but while every impulse of his noble nature revolts against the com mission of the contemplated crime, he sees no other way to conserve the public good. It must be by his death, (yet) let us be sacrificcrs, but not butchers, Cassius. We all stand up against the spirit of Caisar ; And in the spirit of men there is no blood ; 0 that we then could come by Caisar's spirit, And not dismember Caisar. Cassius, on the other hand, is influenced by private animosity as well as political feeling. He is a. typical character and corresponds with .our villain of modern melodrama. Physically, as well as mentally fitted for the unholy, work of conspiracy (for whoever heard of an adipose villain except Count Fosco), his 'spare' form and 'lean and hungry look' associate themselves at once with the unrcstful, morbid mind ever dissatisfied with the present condition of things and welcom ing change if only as the forerunner of still further change. The insidious manner in ?which he works 'the honorable metal of Brutus from ? that it is disposed' to ac quiescence in his projects and their ultimate consummation in the murder of C;\is:\r, is described with great a,rt by our author. Afterwards in the quarrel scene with Brutus, he shows Cassius however to be possessed of a nobility of soul which had hitherto re mained -concealed and unsuspected, and in the leavetakin'g with Brutus prior to the battle of, Philippi, brings out admirably the affection which Cassius entertained towards and inspired in that ' philosophic tyranni cide.' Indeed, in evoking the tender eulogy whieh Brutus pronounced later over his dead body, ' pale Cassius,' perhaps as the result of constant association with such a mind as Brutus', proved that the regeneration of his character had more than begun. It was surely of no envious conspirator, heart-full of malice and deceit, that the noble Brutus would say (v. 3. 99) : The last of all the Romans, fare thee well !. It is impossible that ever Rome Should breed thy fellow. Friends, I owe more tears To this dead man than you shall see me pay. 1 shall find time, Cassius, I shall find time. Of Antony's address to the citizens in the Forum, critics have affirmed that it is one of the finest specimens of eloquence ever uttered. The effect of its delivery was heightened by the aid of all possible scenic display and stage accessories. Before the rostra, in a species of shrine, lay concealed the body of the Dictator, on a couch inlaid with ivory and emblazoned with purple and gold. Above the shrine hung the toga in which Caisar had been killed, hacked by many stabs and stained with blood. A waxen image of the illustrious victim, painted to represent his three and twenty wounds, was turned by machinery before the gaze of the excited citizens. Representations of the murder of Agamemnon, of the contest be tween Ajax and Ulysses for the arms of the slain Achilles, and of other old legends whose application to the present occasion might be obvious, were also exhibited. Amidst nil this Antony stepped forward, and poured forth such a flood of impassioned eloquence as to excite a perfect ecstasy of horror, grief, and rage in the popular mind. Later, when by a quick action, he dramati call revealed the corpse itself with the words — Kind souls, what, weep you when von but behold Our Caisar's vesture wounded ? Look you here, Here is himself, marred, as you sec, with traitors — a frenzy seized the people and in the fervour of their exaltation they resolved to burn the body ef the deified dead in the ' holy place' itself. With this intent men and women flung down portions of their dress, their ornaments, their children's playthings, and wrecked the adjacent houses for material for the funeral pyre. Soon an urn in the Campus Martius contained all that was left of ' Imperial Caisar,' and Rome was given over to grief and lamentation. Antony's characteristic craft and subtlety pervade the whole of this speech. He has promised Brutus ' not to blame' the con spirators in any way, yet, though keeping'to the letter of his promise, how successfully has he inflamed the people's minds to ' mutiny and rage' against these ' honorable men.' Lest his speech might be considered an effort of special pleading, he tells his hearers that he is ' no orator, as Brutus is, but a plain blunt man' who speaks ' right on' and tells them what they 'already know.' The trump-card, ' Caisar's last will and teslamcnt,' he never loses sight of, and when, artfully played, it has the intended effect and the people rush off to wreak summary vengeance upon the murderers, how plainly docs the unprincipled hypocrite re veal himself in the triumphant utterance — Now let it work ! Mischief, thou art afoot, Take thou what course thou wilt! That Antony, however, always appreciated to the full the noble qualities of Brutus is evidenced by the eloquent tribute paid by him to the memory of the vanquished hero on the fatal Philippi field — All the conspirators, save only he, Did that they did in envy of great Cx-sar ; He only, in a general honest thought, And common good to all, made one of them. His life was gentle ; and the elements So mixed in him, that nature might stand up, And say to all the world, ' This was a man.' In this paper I have not attempted to illustrate our poet's marvellous genius and beauty of style by select specimens. With Dr. Johnson, I think that ' He that tries to recommend Shakspeare by select quotations will succeed like the pedant in Hieroclcs, who, when he offered his house for sale, carried a brick in his pocket as a specimen.' To know Shakspeare as he ought to be known, he must be read right through from first to last. Nor have I .presumed to look upon him with the cold eyes of a critic who reads merely for business, not for pleasure. Such a task would, indeed, be a profittess one, since criticism, when applied to Shakspeare, means eulogy ; and to seriously undertake to eulogise the immortal bard were to endeavor To gild refined gold, to paint the lily, To throw a perfume on the violet, To smooth the ice or add another hue Unto the rainbow, or with taper light To seek the beauteous eye of heaven to garnish. Ckrta inly the most effective medicine known is Sandkrs and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza; the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, the ac cidents of nil kinds, be they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy— no swelling— no innamation.: Like surprising effect produced in croup, diptheria, bronchitis, inllamation of the Jungs, swelling, &c;, diarrhoea,., dysentry, diseases of the urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medicaclics all over the globe ; patronised by His Majesty tke King, of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this ap proved article, and reject all others. Wk are requested to -intimate that Dr. Frank A. Huet, the dental surgeon of Brisbane, will receive patients at the Club Hotel, Toowoomba, on ^londay and Tiie-iday, September the 5th and 6th.- Monday from 1- p.m. to 5 p.m. j Tuesday ,fnio -j,-a,ut.--i.^'- 5p,nv; ;:';^;..;'^ '.--.. ;.;?. ?',. :r^.3?W', 