B!OB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'Rainbow Gold,' &c;, &c;, &c; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXI.^f Gon'.iwucd.) The boat was rolling and plunging, and to be sure of his foothold whilst standing still George was compelled to lean forward and clutch the rail by Hetheridge's shoulder, so that the husky voice breathed almost in his ear. He gazed at the man with keen enquiry, but ex pression is hard to read, and to Hetheridge's guilty and preoccupied thought the glance carried a stern and unrelenting accusation. 'Where did you see me last? he asked. He was bending forward so that the two faces almost met. 'I saw you last at Richmond,' Hetheridge answered. 'For God's sake, George, have mercy. It's a long time ago now. It's quite a long time ago.' Here for the first time suspicion of the truth, or rather suspicion of a mere fraction of the truth, shot into Redwood's mind. He knew now the nature of disguise his father's mur derer had assumed at Upnor years ago. The paralytic gait, the beard, the tinted glasses. He knew, too, that his mother had recognised Hetheridge by the resemblance to the disguised figure into which he had fallen by reason of his long illness. ' Tell me your name,' he said, between his teeth. 'John Hetheridge,' the stricken wretch responded. To have the unspeakable villain there, under his hand, to nave the power to yield him to justice, to have vengeance for his father's death, and payment for the miseries of his own torn heart within his grasp, and yet to know that he was bound in sacred honor to do nothing, bred such a tumult in his soul as was well nigh unendurable. Whether the mad man who mistook the living son for the dead father's wrath or the son himself, with all his wrongs -and hatreds thronging on him, suffered the more it would be hard to say. Redwood felt that if he lingered near the monster the mere physical temptation which beset him to seize him by the throat and to shake out the miserable remnant of his life would grow top strong: to be resisted. He turned away and staggered across the rolling deck, staring blindly at the billows as they rolled up to meet the elejaving bows. Inaction was not to be endured, j He began to pace up and down again on the wet and slippery deck. The roaring wind and driving spray had sent everybody but himself and Hetheridge to shelter. Hetheridge' sat helpless, and Red wood ploughed and stumbled to and fro with his whole mind in a ferment of love and agony and revenge. But there was nothing to be done ; he was bound to contain himself and to keep silence. As he mastered his emotions his thoughts grew clearer, and another part of the truth became manifest to him. It was evident that Hetheridge's mind was quite unhinged in one particular and that he took George Red wood for his father. George was fully aware of the surprising likeness he presented. Sir Eustace had emphasised it quite recently, and he himself had arrived at the fact Hetheridge's perturbed fancy had momentarily mistaken his solid presence for his father's apparition. He saw that that delusion had now taken fixed possession of the murderer's mind. The boat reached Ostend, and during the delay there for luncheon and examination of baggage at the Douane Redwood paced the platform without cessation, whilst Hetheridge, from a seat in front of the refreshment-room, watched bis every motion as if fascinated. He was under a compulsion to follow his victim's movements, to notice every gesture, and to strive to read every expression of his face. Vaguely he asked himself in his beclouded mind if his victim had died in mortal sin that he lived now in such inquietude. Were they companions for eternity? When at last the tram started Hetheridge, still under the same resistless compulsion, fol lowed Redwood into the carriage he had chosen; the young man had thrown himself into a seat and stared gloomily out of the further window with his back turned towards the carriage door. He kept that attitude for a long time, and it was not until they were miles upon their journey that he turned and saw his enemy still near him. All the venom of his nature stirred at the sight of him and to breathe the same air was a torture. At the first stopping place he dashed from the car riage and entered another compartment. Hetheridge's nearness still tormented him, but less esdgently than before. It oecurrred to him suddenly that he had seen the ticket for Antwerp at Dover town station and that by some oversight on the part of the officials Hetheridge had been allowed to take the wrong train. Once more his guess hit very near the truth, and he surmised that his presence had a sort of fascination which the other found it difficult, if not impossible, to resist. The train mid-way was enfiladed by the guard, who, climbing 'along the inarchepied, en tered each carriage in turn with his brisk and civil Vos billets, si'l vous plait, vicssieurs .'' In due turn ha lighted upon Hetheridge, who pro duced a ticket for Antwerp. 'LPsieu a fait erreur,' said the guard. ' H se trouve dans la train pour Bruzelles ct pas pour Anvers.' 'Alors,' replied Hetheridge. 'Ufautque vous. payes la difference, et vaon jierd de temps aussi. Jene sui pas change d'inspecteur de billets, moi.' He was only mad — 'Nor1, nor'-weat.' Where money was concerned he could still tell a hawk from a hemshaw. The guard saw the matter in a somewhat different light, and smilingly compromised by a promise of a free return to Antwerp. As a mere matter of fact, Antwerp and Brussels were one to the fugitive. If he were discovered to have taken a ticket for Antwerp he could naturally be sought in that city and then all trace of him would be lost for the moment. In the presence of his §host these things mattered little, and in the itation du Nbrd, of the Belgium capital, the ghost was back again. Redwood had been revolving certain things in his mind and had decided to bottom the mystery which for so many years had been un fathomable. He recognised his own power over Hetheridge and determined to put it to employment. When he appeared on the platform he saw at once that the fascination he excited had undergone no abatement. Hetheridge's eyes still held him and his tottering footsteps followed him. He expressed his desire to break the journey and to stay in Brussels for the night, and having seen to the unloading of his baggage he turned to Hetheridge. ' Come with me.' He was obeyed as by a man in a mesmeric trance. He saw the wreck into a fiacre and gave the driver orders to follow his own vehicle to the Hotel de Suede, in the Rue de l'Eveque. Arrived there he asked for a private room, and \- after a trifling delay was conducted into an up stairs parlor. 'Does monsieur require anything at pre sent?' asked the smart chambermaid. ' I will give my: orders later on/' Gecfrge- ' answered, and the girl retired. 'Sit there,' he commanded Hetheridge, pointing to a chair, ' and answer the questions I shall put to you.' Being obeyed he fell to pacing to and froV thinking how best to open his enquiry. There was a revulsion in his heard against the means he used, but the case was extraordinary' and not to be dealt with by common methods-. ' Listen to me,' he said, pausing suddenly. ' It is part of the punishment ordained to you that you shall tell me everything. What motive had you for that cruel murder ?' Hetheridge tried in vain to answer, but finally stammered out a few disconnected and un meaning words. ' Tell me the motive of your crime,' Red wood repeated sternly. Hetheridge, trembling with superstitious horror, unfolded all his story. Redwood dragged it from him scrap by scrap, remorse lessly, until at length the truth stood revealed in nakedness. ? ' I am quite broken,' Hetheridge resumed at the finish, 'quite broken. I ought to be a young man still and look at me. You might have mercy on me now ; for God's sake, don't haunt me any longer. Have pity. Let me die in peace, I shan't belong ; I can't belong.' ' If it were not for one thing,' Redwood re sponded sternly. VI would have you hanged like a dog. If I could surrender you to the fate you want without soiling your daughter's name I would drag you back to England and force you to confession.' ' No, no, no,' sereamed Hetheridge. ' Give me time. Let me have a little time. I must have time to repent. I must have time to make my peace with heaven.' ' You go scot free,' said Redwood. Using unconsciously the phrase which Hetheridge had found delightful years ago and in which had lived so bitter an irony in all his latter time. 'Your child's name shall not be despised by any public rumor of your crime. You are free. Go ; carry your own punishment with yon to the'grave. If you can repent, repent ; but let me see you no more.' He cast the door wide open and pointed out to it with a commanding hand. The abject misery arose, still clutching by iriaiinet the precious handbag in which all bis worldly be longings lay. He crawled. leebly to the door and down the staircase, pausing twice to look back. He disappeared at the turning of the stairs, and Reiwood, f alliag on a sofa, hid his face in bq*n hands. It cost him as nour or two to recover from the agitation into which the singular interview had t'nrowir- bin* A bath in stinging cold ^ater and complete change of raiment seemed necessary to purify him from the taint the mere physical nearness of his father's murderer had brought him. He had not broken his taat since leaving London and even now the food he tried to bwsUow seemed to chok* nj™! bn* he managed to ea-i a little and having' tubbed his pint of wine he put on his hat and* 5*£f es and overcoat and walked into the streets. .The winter night had fallen, but the streets we^« ablaze with light and ^brisk with many pae3ers to and fro. He had walked but a minute or two, when a loud and excited voice arrested him. He looked up and found himself in the immediate neighborhood bt the General Po3t Office, and there, with a curious crowd about him, was a burly Englishman vociferating in voluble but absolutely incomprehensible phraEes— French interlarded with English. Redwood recognised the voice and the burly shoulders as belonging to Sir Eustace Wyn comb. He dashed across the road and found the baronet engaged in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoul ders, and who gasped and stared at him with out understanding so much as a single word. ' Sir Eustace !': cried Redwood. ''What i3 the matter? Can I be of service to you ?'' 'Great heaven, Redwood V cried the baronet; 'that you should arrive at such a moment passes everything. I have just seen your father's murderer, the villain who called himself Andre Dom. I knew him in a second ; he was just starting to drive away in a cab. I dashed at him, but he cried out to the driver. I hung on for a minute, but I had a nasty fall at last. I should have known h?m anywhere amongst a million. I could swear to him. I collared this fellow, the firat policeman I could come across, but I can't make him understand.' He was wild with excitement, and now that hfe had time to observe him Redwood saw that he was mud from head to foot and that one ungloved hand was bleeding. 'Where are you staying, Sir Eustace?' he demanded. 'At the Belle Vue Hotel,' the baronet answered. 'Let me call you a cab,' said Redwood. 'I will call upon you in an hour. Better ! I will go with you and you shall give me a full description of the man. I will write it out in French and have it transmitted from the police station here by wire to every port and railway station. You are sure of the man?' ' ' Sure V echoed Sir Eustace. c ? As sure as I am of my own existence. I tell you I'd swear to him among a million.' The crowd stood round wondering and jeer ing. George called a carriage and the two were driven away. . I .-.??- ** Now tell me what the man was like.' Sir Eustace described Hetheridge to the life —bent, paralytic, bearded, the eye&defended; by goggle glasses. . - j:'. .-. 'He spoke in French,' he cried, 'and I could swear to his voice is well as to his looks.: He knew me, too, the villain. If I had found ? him in a Christian country I'd have had him by the heels in gaol by now.' 'There has been a great lapse of time,' George urged desperately. 'In a matter of such consequence there must be no mistake.' 'Man' alive!' cried Sir Eustace, with impa tience. ' ' There can be no mistake. I tell you the scoundrel knew me. He got back into the corner of the carriage the second I went for him. I heard him speak my name under his breath, and then he shrieked out like a parrot in his own jargon, and the fool of a cabman drove on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to open the door to get in, but I'm not so young as I used to be, and it caused me a nasty tumble. I was within an ace of being run over.' The cab was arrested at the entrance of Sir Eustace's hotel and George assisted him to alight. ' You have nothing more to tell me before I go?' ' Nothing more, except that the blackguard was well dressed. He wore a sealskin coat, the like of which I should think it a sinful extra vagance to buy. Now, don't lose a minute, lad, and if you want for money come to me. I?d spend a thousand pounds willingly to run that fellow down:' 'I will be with you in an honr,' George answered, 'and in the meantime I will com municate with the police. Drive me,' he called to the driver as he entered the vehicle, ?? to the Central Station of Police.' 'Do you know the lingo?' the baronet bawled to him as the driver touched his horse. . ' Yes, yes,' he answered ; ' wait for me here Sir Eustace.' Ten minutes later he was face to face with the officer in charge of the Central Station. ' Is there a detective officer in Brussels,' he asked, 'who will undertake private busi ness?' The official answered that there were several. 'Can you recommend me to a discreet and capable man in whom I can repose confidence ? He may rely on being well paid.' The officer wrote out an address, George read it, thanked him for bis courtesy, and drove away again, ready to spend wit and effort, time and money, to .save from justice the one man in the whole world whom he had cause to hate. Chapter XXXII. ' You are Monsieur Buls ?' 'At your service, sir.' ' I wish to discover the whereabouts of a person who arrived in Brussels to-day from Ostend.' ' The person is still in Brussels ?' ''To the best of my belief. I am recom mended to yon by the officer in charge of the Central Police-station. T shall have to rely entirely upon your silence and discretion.' 'They are a part of my stock-in-trade, J33OUSlGDr» Redwood drew a hundred franc note from his pocket-book and laid it in the detective's hand. 'That will do to begin with ?' 'Amply,' said Monsieur Buls, slipping the note into his waistcoat pocket. He was a little swarthy man, keen as a terrier to look at, and singularly alert and business like in manner. 'Monsieur will have the obliging ness to give me what particulars he can.' Redwood described Hetheridge minutely, and the detective listened, nodding here and there to signify attention. ' The gentleman is sufficiently marked,' he said. ' There should be little difficulty in dis covering him. He undertook to set to work at once and as he talked began to put on an overcoat. 'I should like,' said Redwood, 'to know your news at the earliest possible moment, and if I shall not be in your way I should prefer to accompany you.' Monsieur Buls offered no objection to this and they set out together to the railway-station. Then the detective encountered an ally in a member of the regular force. This man had noticed Hetheridge and had seen him enter a restaurant immediately outside the building. The enquirers crossed the road and the detec tive questioned the restaurateur. Yes, a gen tleman answering the description given had entered shortly after the arrival of the mail train. He had asked for a carafe ot cognac and had consumed a considerable quantity — five petits verrcs. 1 ' And could you tell me in what direction he went 1' asked the detective. As it happened the restaurateur, who was a large and florid man, with a pompously declama tory manner, could do more than indicate the direction. His widowed sister had recently established an hotel in the suburbs. The gentleman after whom enquiry was being made had appealed to him for the ad dress of a retired and quiet hotel. He had naturally recommended ma sister and there was sa carte— '? Madame Nefoart,- Hotel Toisoin dor Rue d'Artevelde. : ' That, I suppose/' said George as he and the detective emerged together from the restaurant, ' puts an end to the enquiry ?' 'IFm,' said the detective, smiling and shrugging his shoulders ; ' that depends. Has the gentleman any reason to suppose that he is being followed?' ' He may have,' George responded. ' And will he be willing to be discovered?' ' Decidedly unwilling,' George responded. 'In that case,' returned Monsieur Buls, 'it is very likely that our chase has only just begun.' In effect it proved so. No person at all answering to Hetheridge's description had pre sented himself at the Toison dor that day. Whether the fugitive had simply changed his mind or had deliberately adopted the device with a view to obscuring his trail could only be surmised: The detective inclined to the latter supposition and George, who knew nothing of Hetheridge's urgent fear of pursuit, leaned to the former. In any case the pursuit had now to be started on novel lines and conducted on an organised plan. Monsieur Buls, honorably retired from the executive, was on excellent terms with hi3 old colleagues and was afforded many facilities in the conduct of his craft. A description of Hetheridge was circulated by means of the police wires from^point to point of the city, aud this having been donethe detective set out to the spot Sir Eustace had indicated to George as the scene of his encounter with [the murderer. After a good deal of enquiry Jone shopman in the neighborhood was found who had witnessed the fracas and who knew by sight the driver of the vehicle which Hetheridge had engaged. The new trail thus discovered was followed, with ardor. It was followed in vain for three hours and at the end of that time resulted in a momentary but decisive check. The driver was speechlessly intoxicated and no information of any sort could possibly be extracted from him before morning. George had perforce to return to his hotel, whence he dispatched a note to Sir Eustace tell ing him the enquiry was in progress and that news wcTild probably reach them on the mor row. There was little sleep for him that night), . but whilst he sat at breakfast next morning Monsieur Buls entered, smiling and elate. 'We have our man,' he announced. 'He is stopping at the Hotel Continental. He has given the name of Walhaert, and he professes to be a negotiant .from Cannes.'' ' 1 don't see ho^- he can carry out that dia guife,' said George, 'for he ia an Euglish manv and I have npver known that he had any knowledge of French. '' T.he detective's countenance fell a little. ?'.'He is reported! to me as a Fien^hmau,' he responded, 'and as having tL'6 accent of the ?jd'? afl?id we're on the wr^ng scent,' saidEedwood. ' We must try aj£i-.' 'You had better at least see tEe m^m,' the detective urged. 'In every other na..-tieular he answers absolutely.' y 5reorge rose at once from the table and lef& his .scarcely tasted meal In two or th.'66 minutes he and the detective stood outside th '« door of Hetheridge's bedroom. After a whis- ' pered consultation he knocked and a voice he knew cried '-Entrez/' He obeyed, and with a motion to bis companion to await him in the corridor he closed- the door behind him. Hethe ridge looked up at his entrance, blear-eyed ami tremulous. He had discarded his glasses fou: the time being and sat with a cup of coffee on his knees and a small' roll on the table beforet him. || You're back again?' hequaveied, ' Yes,' said George ; ' i am back again, and I am here with a purpose. You must be pre pared instantly to come with me. You must be ready at any moment when I shall call upon y^M j- ,'* Ufe k m danger, and for your child s sake you must escape pursuit. Sir Hiustace Wyncomb saw and recognised you last night. Your description is already in the hands of the police, but nobody will suspect you to be in my charge. You will be safe with me. Stay here on your peril until I return for you. Every word of this he delivered in a swift and impressive whisper, and at the close of it, with a swiftly formed resolve, he left the room and rejoined the detective. 'You're right, Monsieur Bols,' he said. ' That is the man who reached Brussels yes terday,' but it is not the man I want. The mistake was mine, not yours. My in Eormant was misled by one or two points of striking similarity between this stranger and the man I am in search ot May I request your acceptance of this further sum of 100 f., and may I offer my apologies for having enrplo yed you in a wild goose chase V The secret agent took the money, made his idieux, raised his hat, and was gone, eminently satisfied with the result of his labors. He had no reason in the world for doubting Redwood's bona fides, and dismissed the case from his mind until circumstances recalled it as the 9trangest surprise he had experienced in the Bourse of his professional career. Redwood felt keenly that it was an es sential thing for him to appear to be deeply interested in the chase. He could not as yet make up his mind as to the best means of securing Hetheridge from pursuit, but he was fairly certain that. nobody could possibly sus pect him^of sheltering the man accused of the murder of his father. The best plan seemed to be to take the broken and helpless villain actually under, his own charge, and if need were keep him hidden in his own rooms. He thought of the chambers he had taken air Liege and discussed within himself the pos sibility of sheltering Hetheridge there. At nrst the idea looked monstrous, but when he came to question it more narrowly he dis covered that it had no real drawback apart from his own intense repugnance to it. En tire affection disdains nice hands, and in such a cause he dared not wait to think about his own pains, The one thing to be done was to save Elliee. _ At any cost and at all costs he was determined upon that. He had more than half decided in the course of his brief homeward walk, and on his return to the hotel be found a message there which precipitated bis resolution in an instant. 'My dear Redwood,' wrote Sir Eustace, 'I am just off to breakfast at the embassy. Ihe ambassador here is an old college chum of mine. I wrote him last night informing him aim of the facts of the case. We talked the matter over this morning and decided on what is best to be done. He has already promised to put the whole weight of the em bassy behind us, and you may rely on my word when I tell you that the entire police force of Belgium will be practically at our disposal until the villain I saw so providentially yes terday is arrested. Call on me at the Belle Vue at 12 and let me know what you have done in bhe meantime.' This note made the circumstances of the case look desperate. To be successful he must make a move at once. Redwood dispatched a telegraphic message to Sir Eustace at the embassy. 'On the track. Shall probably have news for yon this afternoon.' He signed this and sent it away by one of the hotel servants, and hurried back into the hotel in which he had left Hetheridge. ~ The more it seemed necessary to be near the man and to shield him from discovery the more his loathing grew, and by this time it was as much as George could do to force him self into that hated presence. He burst into the room with no preliminary announcement of himself and found the tremulous wreck still seated at the table, nursing his empty ' coffee cup and the untasted roll before him. 'Come with me at once,' he said. Hetheridge obeyed him blindly. He would have gone anywhere, would have done any thing at the commandment of that apparition. He guessed dimly in his own bewildered mind that he was being held in reserve for some fate more awful than he could imagine, but he was beyond all power of resistance, and had not even enough of will left to inspire him with a wish to combat the power which dominated him. . George helped him on with his furred Dvercoat and shuddered with repulsion at the mere contact of his raiment. Such a rage and hatred filled his heart that he was half tempted to take the law into his own hands and slay the man fate forced faun to protect. Hetheridge took his hat, his stick, his little black bag, and ais gloves, and they walked along the corridor, iown the broad stairs, and into the street to gether. Redwood hailed a fly and they were Iriven to the Station Leopold. He found that i train for Leige started in a few minutes. He bad not been quite certain of the hour of de parture and had feared that he was late. }n reflection he decided to book for Namur, to leave his charge there, and to return with the pretence that he had been led. away on a false scent. He was no pretender by nature and had 3, native abhorrence for a lie, but if the man were to be saved at all half measures were use less. Once more, entire affection disdains clean bands. He was there to save Elliee and not to spare himself from anything. The tumult of love and pity and loathing and vengeance which filled his mind upon that journey re fuses to be painted. In spite of all he laid his plans quite coolly. The only safe method he could think of was to restore Hetheridge to his former aspect, and on their arrival he put his plan into action. 'Obey my orders,' he had said. sternly enough on the way down. The two werealone in the carriage and he was without fear of being overheard. ' ' As you value your life and safety you will speak no word of anything bub English. You understand that ?' Hetheridge blinked and nodded at him in assent. ' I shall speak for you. You will if neces sary confirm anything I may say, but you will not speak at all unless I question you.' Again Hetheridge blinked and nodded, and on the understanding thus arrived at George led him to a hairdresser's in the main street of the town and there had the tell-tale beard and moustache removed. Under the razor John Hetheridge came back again, recognisable but) strongly distorted and deeply lined. The iron mouth which had once expressed so firm a tenacity of purpose had fallen to a flaccid weakness. The lower lip hung flabby and nervously and the upper lip was drawn a little from the teeth with a look of querulous com plaint and protest. A deep wrinkle on either cheek ran from nostril to chin and set the vacuous mouth in doleful parenthesis. Red wood seeing him thus metamorphosed realised for the first time what manner of man he had become, and in some slight measure at first, though later on increasingly, his rage abated. His detestation of the man remained, but the physical and mental degeneration indicated in thej face inspired something which was almost pity. It. was not difficult to guess what fears, what dry remorses, .and what shocks of mental agony had thus bowed and broken a nature originally Btrong. 'To have hanged this man,' said Redwood to himself, ' to have discovered his crime and have hanged him out of .hand would have been an unmerited mercy.' It seemed, [indeed, as if the providence of God had been a thousandfold sterner than human justice. . . Scot free? There is no crime that goes scot free, and hers at least was one man who had paid his debt to outraged humanity in f ulL Hetheridge had so long escaped identifica tion that now that he was returned to his common aspect there I was no fear of ;hia being suspected by Sir Eustace, but Redwood' thought it was best to be rid of the fur coat, which had been one of the baronet's marks of identification. It was a garment which would nave made any man noticeable' from its sumptuousness, and might have . cost any thing'; from a hundred and fifty to two hun dred pounds. To have made away with it without special precaution, or to have left it behind in an hotelTor railway carriage would have been to invite enquiry -and .possible sus picion, and Redwood decided -that the best thing to do was to purchase a trunk and to lock the coat up in it and keep it in his own charge. He acted on this decision and supplied Hetheridge with a heavy ready-made ulster.. He took away his goggles and bought a leather eye Bhade in their place, and with his man thus altered in appearance went boldly back to Brussels with him in the afternoon. Hetheridge! still ran one risk, but for that Redwood cared less than nothing by cpmpari son. He was liable to arrest for having left England before he had received his quittance from the Bankruptcy Court, and from that fate his protector was not careful to shelter him. He returned to the Hotel de Suede, taking Hetheridge with him and entering him in tha book by his name, without disguise-John Hetfaeridge, financier, London. This done he went immediately to see fair Eustace Wyncomb, who was full of excitement about the action taken by the embassy and tae. extraordinary swiftness and dexterity displayed. by the police. . . ' We shall have him,' cried bir Eustace, tkmg from Ids chair; &s; George entered tfhe apartment and advancing ^eagerly to tehake hands, 'we shall have him to a certainty, i had a message '.nay half an hour ago. The villain left *he,iiotel *^?° morning in -3onapa4y withajronnKEngUshman-andtiheyhavefotaS out already that the pair booked to JSamur, I took doiqa a description of the rascal's ?earn- , panioa and that may be useful to as. &i; about Q feet in hpight^fresh oompleasn,-4ark faaiij. lirowii ©yea, gentlemanly demeanour, speaks 'French fluently, but wifih -a parked English accent. Of course be has nothing to do wifliflie crime, ^ut lus jiresenoe «nay help identification ; at if the police can .find him alone they'll be able to *et same information from him. AxA what have yon been doing ?' 'IT said George, with a fast-beatinglieart. **I~have been away on a false tralL' He trembled to think how narrowly he had escaped. Had the British embassy employed its, influence an hour earlier he might have been intercepted, and that public obloquy from which he bo passionately desired to skidd EUiee must necessarily have fallen upon her. Fortunately for him Sir Eustace— never a man very keen to discern the expression of another — was so occupied with Mb own excited thoughts as to take no notice of his manner. 'I have missed my purpose,' said George, turning away in some confusion and uncon sciously busying himnalf in arranginga number of trifles on the mantelpiece, ' bat I have made a strange discovery. Mr. Hetheridge is in Brussels.' It cost him an effort of courage to take the bull by the horns in this way, bat he knew the old game to be the best. 'Hetheridge!' cried Sir Eustace. 'Why, what is he doing here in the name of wonder? How did he get here? My last news of him was that he was paralysed and bedridden.' 'Ton must have heard an exaggerated ac count of his condition,' George answered. 'In any case he is in Brussels at this moment and ie staying at the same hotel as myself.31 ' Bolted from his creditors, I suppose,' Sir Eustace interjected bluntly. 'Well, poor fellow Fm sorry for him. Weybridge, who knows a good deal about business, tells me that if he had never had that paralytio stroke he stood to double his fortune by the transactions of a single year. Everybody's sorry for him, and if he's making a bolt of it he% running himself into danger. It makes it look as if he couldn't stand examination. Staying at the Suede, yon say? I must go over and have a talk to him. I shall advise him by aU means to go back again.' 'I am afraid yon won't find him very amenable to reason,' George answered, finding himself by this time in full possession ,of his wits again. ' His mind is shattered.' ' In that case,' returned Sir Eustace, 'no- body will hurt him, but all the same It 'was a misguided thing to run away. Is he fit to see anybody?' 'Perhaps,' George answered, 'I had better prepare him for your visit if you mean to call upon him.' 'All right,' said Sir Eastace; 'do so, and I'll walk over in half an hour's tome.' On this understanding Redwood left him, bat when Sir Eustace fulfilled his promise and pre sented himself at the Hotel de Suede he found Hetheridge for the time being at least in a con dition in which it was impossible to question or advisehim. He was stretched supine upon a conch aid at the instant of the baronet's entry a doctor was leaning over him watch in hand counting the pulsations at his wrist. George stood gravely by and motioned the new arrival to silence. They waited until the doctor had completed his examination and had given his orders and then dipped out of the room quietly together. 'He won't last long by the look of him/'said Sir Eustaoe as they reached the haJL A man standing there raised his hat in ealute. 'One word, Sir Eustaoe.' The baronet moved on one side and bent his head to listen. George walked to the steps of the hotel and etood looking on the narrow street. The man who had aooosted the baronet was an English- speaking detective who had been specially told off by the Commissioners of Police to oommunioate the details of the progress of the search. 'Do you know,' he asked, 'who was the young gentleman who walked with you just now down the etaore f ' That' retained Sir Eustace, imitating the deteotiveis whisper, 'is Mr. George Redwood, the eon of the murdered man.' ' Sam uous,' said the detective, falling back a step, 'impossible! Tfea* is the man who helped the suspeoied TCa&Mt;* *v? Kamur.' 'My good sir,3 enad tie borcne* bluffly, 'you're afrnL* 'Tfa&t; is qcxte pas&bte;,. Sis Eastaee^tha deceeajTC aaesrecsi wiak. a soecfei soatw ; ''ft prove my staasmant.'' ** W tiT- ymii tewttT-ynmry Hiram' m^ itnJfam Rnart-^' the SeJKJKPa- a&-k£&. ^r- TEimjemH' mufiTWJrL \H*rtl Ullll~ Illllli4*|i^^l*^ *4lHV' ttWm UJII^Ipf. QBglTTOI^fci most: .qnirpi IH^r^ffufyy^foi-y*31 f^TyTfErnrmf' mnllTiMT again. ''raejygpacH. XEwillllugreimg-wziuuaaBa: T**MTfTTT.''^V TTTaJ.!.M Illo^nmili »l lCTll]|IIVpLTO-TTlTg'-Tg»p3' ' (fSa:':jeaxmuauecuJ) 