OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (PBOM OUB OWJf CORBKSPOKDENT.) August 81. The terrible wreck of the barque New field, on tbe rugged coast, near Curdie's inlet on Sunday night, last, is the all absorbing topic oi conversation. S)-ecial interest attaches to it, became of the re peated disasters which have occurred in this daogcrous locality, and naturally each succeeding one evokes reminiscences of tbe coast line there is not a more dangerous, forbidding, and inhospitable part than that from Cape Otvay to Warrnambool, and its very worst part is that ia tljc fatal vicinity of Port Campbell. The beetling cljffs rise in wave-worn and rugged masses of frown* ing ironstone a hundred feet above the surging and seething cauldron below. The action of tho water has honeycombed the cliff* into the most fantastic shapes, having worn them into caves and blow-holes into whfch the waves dash with tbe roar of thunder JJuge mafisep of tbe rocks have been detatch&cl; bv }.)io constant process and lie off shore, with the surf boiling and dashing over and around them, while here and there points of attached reef run out to assist in increasing the dangers of the locality, Only at low tide are these de tached strip* of beach visible, which can only be approached Kith preat danger. Upon tbis jagged and frowning coast ship masters assert that strong treacherous cur rents set with varying force at uncertain times, though the scientific attempts to establish this fact have failed. But apart from this, it can be readily understood that when the wind is off sliore a vessel losing it through influence of the high cliffB must be cajTjed in by tbe swell, and tbat, when she strikes., the c|faucu escape for thitfe on board j6 poor in Iced. was here ; the baTque Fiji frtnjcfe about 1] mqq!thp ago, 1 and here also liu lb' bones of rhe Voung I Australia, the Loch Artl, Mark Gabrielle, I liric the lted, and Scbomberg. ! A sad feature of the last disaster seems (o j be that it was entirely due to the mis j calculation of the master as to his position. ' The njgh*- was misty and squally, but not stormy, and fhe £ull explanation of the dis aster is tbat tb£ iCupMd.q mistook the Nelson light for that on King's liiw?d; and ran his vessel on the rock6 with cvery/!lii4g 6fjind ina. Then tbe attempts to leaTe the' vessel in tbe boats during the darkness were mo6t unfortunate, and there is reason for believ ing thai., ua.d the crew stuck to the wreck till daylight, the fifra»« of the weather would bave permitted all to escape, But it is easy to be wise after the event, Gftly four Indies have yet been recovered, and the inquest will give more reliable information about this terrible disaster. The failure of tbe lifc-saviug apparatus is a matter which is generally discussed, and is held to prove the jjecessity for appointing as its cus todian tonjo one who has been duly in structed in tu v-e. Politically there is a after the storm, and the House is proceeding to d^cuss the itemB of the new Budget with the prospect 1 1 hat their recent victory will make Ministers ! more 4etermined to insist upon tbeir pro posals. Th,e patter which has elicited most comment is, however, ph* wonderful faculty the Premier has developed for Parlia ' meotary slang-whanging. His denuovia£ion of his opponents as ' barrackers for office,' men ' sunk in tl;e slime and filth of their own perfidy,' ' polijtjc&l; canaille,' and ?? deserters in time of war who opght to be shot,' is reearded as adding a few more graceful Of speech to legislative rhetoric, whick their author as a man of copious vociby-l&rVj; frOd very ex tensive verbal resource. But Mr Shiela Is not the only persoti who can be wonderfully expressive in the style of language be adopts, as ie testified by a decidedly amusing development of our rail way retrenchment scheme. In reducing and trimming away the free pass excres cence, Commissioners decided to call in such of the gvi«? passes issued to members of Parliament at? \vcre tbe possession of a'entlcn.icn who still used though they aad|Cea«t:d co hpld ^eats'in,ihe First of all these gentlemen were qeppuqeed as Deing mean and unprincipled, aud it was asserted that they would be dealt wit h too leniently if tbey escaped prosecution, 'io this exception was taken in the House, and it ww claimed that the puses wen only being retained by the old members -as ; interesting mementos of their former great-' ness, and that to suppose they wonld maV«, an improper use of them was to reflect upon' the unsullied honor of tbe typical ex-M. P. Then came the further assertion—*' But tbey are using' them and tbe answer fol lowed from tne' peccant ones themselves : — ' Yes, and^we mean to do so right along, }-y virtue of a resolution of the House convey ing this privilege In perpetwo to members who hod served seven years in Parliament.' In reply, .the*- Commissioners claim that tbe resolution of the House was afterwards de nounced by public, Press, and Parliament, and tbat it was decided not to proceed on It. Further) that the resolution cannot 1 over ride the Act of 'Parliament under which tbe railways are- administered ; therefore, the passes must be given up. But the holders persist that the resolution, not having been rescinded, still stands, and they mean to go on using those passes. . This is the sort of reply which haB been forwarded by somes who bave been written to on the subject, Mr James Mirams among others ?; but Mr David Oaunson has treated it in quite smother spirit. Characteristically he wrote tie Commissioners in this strain ' 14 Sirs,1 — I 'have received from Mr Kent, secretary to your Department, a request to return tbe' pass I use as an ex- member of Parliament, and I have the honor to inform you that! 1 have told him to go to blazes.' This, is emphatic, and charmingly Gaunsonian. In a recent letter X referred to a deputa tion from the Trades Hall, which waited upon the Treasurer asking tbat more severe restrictions should be placed upon Chinese industry, and that more rigid steps should be taken to ensure their exclusion from tbe colony. I remarked at the time upon tbe very liberal contributions these despised pagans had made to the unemployed relief fund, and this may now be supplemented by mention of their recent charitable action bt. Ballarat, where on Friday last they played a football match, Miners v. Gardeners, for the benefit of the local poor. It was a splendid success, from all bnt a scientific footballer's point of ' view. The teams were in the orthodox jacket and smalls witb striped stockings, and the chatter, screaming, and yelling of the excited players could be heard even above the continuous laughter of the spectators. The Chinamen spent £50 bf their own money on the ' get up,' and they realised £100, which they promptly divided among the local charities. The fixture is .to be an annual one, and if they can only be induced to come to Melbourne the first match at any rate will yield a very sub stantial sum. Familiarity breeds contempt, and perhaps it is because wc are so confoundedly familiar 1 with our financial troubles that we have now taken to laughing at tbem. The'immediate cause is the production at the Bijou of a new local farce, by Mr Harold M. Mackenzie, en titled u The Landslip, or TararaBoomde cay.' The title gives a very good idea of the subject, and when I say that the prin cipal character, Sir Richard Holdsorip, of Boomacre Hall, Toorak, is a combination of Sir M. H. Da vies, Mr James Munro and Mr James MiramB, you can form a good idea of the matter and manner of treatment. Tbe happiest idea is the reproduction of the dream scene in Richard III., when the Crook-hack is visited and tortured by the ghosts of all those he ha6 murdered. In the j burlesque Sir Richard is tbe dreamer, and the ghosts are tbe widowB, .orphans, and other lucklesB depositors in the boom com panies, reduced to poverty by tbeir failure. The ' skit' was put on for one night only, Tuesday, bnt its hits were taken so well that it was repeated last night, and may run till its effervescence is exhausted. Talking of these financial matters, the last exposure about the Mercantile Bank is held to have seriously damaged Sir Graham Berry's chance for the Agent-Generalship. He is, perbapB, least blamable of all those who had prominent connection with the affair, but there is a grave question whether the interests of the colony will be served by appointing anyone as Agent-General who has been connected, however remotely, with so disastrous a smash. Sir Matthew Davies is passenger by the Mariposa, now on her way from 'Frisco, and his arrival is expected with a considerable amount of interest. As tbe result of the further investigations into the affairs of the South Melbourne Building Society by the liquidators, it is ex pected tbat further proceedings will be taken against Larkin, the secretary, now nerving his sentence. There are rumors tbat others will also be implicated, as the books disclose frauds of eo manifold, and of such glaring, character as to make the careless ness or complicity which permitted of them nothing less than criminal. Mr C. E. Jones, who, in the old, old days, had a tailor's 6hop at the top of Bourke strcet. but who is better remembered by the later generation in connection with his political career, ha6 started in the old line of business again in Little Collins-street, and displays on his shop front the appro priate legend, 41 Sartor Resartus.' 