LE WAS IN LUCK. A tall, dignified-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied house in a prominent Wide Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white. sign which hung in the front door. The house was a handsome modern struc ture, two storeys high, and had evidently been built by some wealthy man for residence purposes, but now advertised as being ' For Rent.' The tall man had jist" finished taking observations and jotting. down the owner's addiess in a small notebook, and was turning to leave, when a neighbor came along and pleasantly remarked : ' It's a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long time.' ' Why, how long has it been id e 1' 'Well, the'iast tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find another. who-is brave enough-to live in there.' ' What's the matter with it I Danger of collapsing I' '-Oh, no. The house-is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it's haunted.' ' You don't say !' And the tall man seemed to grow more interested. ' It's a fact. Every Wednesday and Fri day, just at midnight, the people in the neighborhood are-startled by a series of wild blood-curdling yells ; and immediately after that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myself ;' and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. 'Have you any idea what rental the owner demands-for the whole house 1' 'Yes, I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month. SFive dollars- a month ! Great O~esar ! but that's a bargain. Guess I will take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me. ' But would you be afraid of living in a house infected with spooks-I 'Oh, I am quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my seances every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks will come in.very handy.. You will excuse me, while I go and see the owner and. sign a lease for ninety-nine years. As-he walked off, he muttered to himself. SFive dollars a month, and two full fledged ghosts to boot!! This is, indeed, a 'bargain.' 