CoUNcILLoU Hamilton last Monday tvening called the attention of the nembers of the Brighton Town :ouncil, to the fact that the sitting accommodation for visitors. was Totally inadequate. For many meet past the throng of spectators is the ouncil. chambers has been very great, thus showing that greaterinter estthanheretoforeisbeingtaken in the sayings doings of the representatives of the ratepay ars, Last Monday there must have been close upon fifty gentlemen present, some sitting some standing, and all of them apparently interested in the council's debates, and these occupied a space that by good rights ought only to have accommodated half that number. It was decided to leave the natter to the mayor and town clerk to make other arrangements for the future comfort and convenience of the general public. Whilst on this subjectwe might throw out a hint that the old position of the " press" table be resumed, no worse place in the chambers could have been select ed than where the table is now placed. Where the table placed immediately at the rear of the town clerk, as in days of yore, the reporters would have a much better position of vant age than at present, and would be much easier for the council's messen ger and more comfortable for all concerned. The removal of the table would give sitting room outside the rails for at least half-a-dozen rate payers, etc. Doubtless a re-arrange ment of the room will be made, as at present a more awkwardly arranged council chambers than that of Brigh ton could not well be conceived. THE Elsternwick Ghost put in an appearance last Monday :evening from limb by two ferocious inastifs. It appears that about half-past eight a lady, and her servant maid had oc casion to, pass along Kooyong road and when near their destination they were startled by an apparition cloth ed in white springing up from a orouched position. It appeared to beaman of full stature who envelop ed in a white sheet and with phos. pherous or something of that kind about his face presented an illu uminiousappearance. This apparition so startled the ladies that taking the dogs they " sooled " them after the apparition which had in the; mean time scaled a fence close by and 'ran for bare life. The dogs made strenu onus efforts' to capture the perpetra. tor of this senseless and yet perhaps dangerous freak, and it is lucky for him that they failed to seize him as had they done so they might have made such an " impression. "upon him as would haivebeen"lastingif not salutory. Atany rate it would be such as would prevent him from ever following such a nefarious freak again, Tne concert under the auspices of the Caulfield Football Club, held in the Caulfield Shire Halllast Tuesday was one of the most successful and enjoyable it has been our lot to at send for some time past. We learn that very close upon £30 will be forwarded to the committee. of the Mornington Relief Fund as a result of this effort. The committee, of which Crs. Kirkham and Sharp ably assisted were backed uip by Ors. Hol land, Lloyd and Pennington deserve every credit for the success which marked their herculean efforts. We noticed that the concert was under the patronage. of Sir 'Frederick and Lady Sargood, the members of `the Galfield Shire Council and also of A. McKinley, Esq., M.L.A. The last named gentleman, moved at the close of the concert a very hearty vote of thanks to: all who had so kindly.. volunteered ' their musical vocal aind elocutionary assistance. THE half-yearly meeting of, Court Star of Brighton, A.O.F., was held in the hall on Monday.. June 30th. There ''was a large attendance of members, Bro. W. Mitchell, O.R. in the, chair. The balance sheet for quarter ending June read by Bro. Smith, showed receipts for the 'quarter £110 10s.8d. while the ex penditure had been £116 16s. Sd. .out . of which'-the sum of £43 tSs. 10d., had been disbursed to sick members;. The present worth of the Court being now £1186 16s. nd. For the various officers for the cutrent" term the following were elected and installed. -C.R. Brn A. E.Harris; S.C.R. Bros J. C. Semken; Treasurer, Bro. W.. H. Atklins; Secretary, Bro. G. W. Brown; S. W,, Bra. G. Lawerence, J.W. Bro. S. K. Gardener;. S.B., Bro. Callow; J.B., Bro.' Bradon; Assistant Secretary, Bro. T. Allitt. The honors of a P.CR. were voted to the retiring C.. 'Bro. Mitchell, and a vote of thanks to the retiring members was carried with acclama tion. During the evening one new member wss initiated' and two pro posed for next meetjng.' MsEssiik Ray drid Co: 'ainodnce elsewhere that --they-have sitarted business in preniises it the: corner of New and Barkly streets, North Brighton,;asd yers, etc., and hope to merit a i-ir share of publiopatronage. For further particulars as to prices see advertisement in another column. WE are requested to call attention to an advertisement in our columns notifying the dates the auditor will attend at the. Brighton.. Branch of the Melbourne Savings -Bank; for inspection of depositors pass books. The Battle of Waterloo, anniver sary celebration was continued at the Victoria Parade' Cyclorams all last week. The attendance was'very large, and visitors lappeared to tho roughly enjoy the entertainment. The Cycloransa of the Seige of Paris is as popular as ever. THs next of the series of lectures in conneotion with the ]righton Free Library will be given inext briday evening, the lectiurer being Dr. A. Deanidy; F L.S. and"his sub .eat *'-Problems of Evolution. - At theo'0aulfield "races'lat Satur day a meeting was held in'the"i'tew ards'roosm for -the purpose of con sidering the feasibility of- holding a race meeting, the proceeds of' which should be devoted to - the 'distress relief fund. Mi. G. Davis, M;L.O., Minister of Defenice.. presided. and there were a number of 'inifluential gentlemen present. After some dis cussion it wes-resolved to.hold a race meeting, if the consent of the Vio torian Racing Club can be obtained, on Tuesday. 16th July, which is the Grand National week, so that there should be a large attendance. MEssens. Baylee and Co., auc tioneers, of 325 Collins street, Mel bourne, and Chapel street, Prahran, under instructions from 'P. B. Plum mer, Esq.; will sell next Monday, on the premiises " Enfield," corner of Champion street and Dendy' Road, near Church'street, Middle Brighton, the whole of his well kept Drawing, Dining, Bedroom-and Kitchen, furni-. ture, etc, etc. For the convenience of persons attending this saleconvey ances will be in attendance at the Middle Brighton Railway Station on the date nained above. Parties furnishing or replenishing their fur niture will do well to visit this sale. LasT Sunday the members and adherents of the. Wilson Street;Pres byterian Church, Brighten, celebrat ed their anniversary by specialser moos . being preached by visiting clergymen. In the morning the pulpit was accupied by the. Rev. 0. H. Irwin, M.A., of St, .Andrew's. Carlton;:in the afternoon, the Rev. SJ. F. Macrae, M.A., of, Toorak, offi ciated and at the evening service the Rev. A. C. Smith, M.A., .fArmadale. was the preacher. The congrega tions gt each of the above services U wmro very'a"" g koo insinto onsideroa tion the cold and inclement irweather. At each service a collection was taken uip in aid of the church. funds. S LAsT Satiurday evening a sciire of small-box outbreak was created in the vininity of Cochrane -atreet, a North Brighton, at the houses occn o pied by Mesasrs. Higgins Bros.: Ser geant Ryan accompanied the Health Officer, Dr. Silions to the place, and it having been ascertained that . some of the passengers by th' Oraya n had visited'. there it was decided to e vaccinate' every -meminber of these e families, in order "to prevent the t. spread of the complaint.' We learn Sthat persons residing in Cooper and . Durrant Streets also for "a similar . reason to that' mentioried above haft , likewise to undergo vaccination, as r theyhadenterained passengeras by the SOroya. 'e WE have been :asked to call the n attention of our readers to the great )t clearing sale of drapery, Millinery, e etc, now going on at Hartley s estab. r lishment, in Chapel street, Prahran. k Great attractionis are now beinig made by him, and -Hartley's apatrons can ,f depend on gettingg bargains in hats n jackets, stays, and 'underclothing. y He has also such beautiful dress d goods at - such prices. as ':should \- secure a crowd of ready purchasers. n Gents, boys, or, youths intent on ie obtaing ready-made 'clolthing will e find it tb their advanitage 'to pay It Hartley a'visit. If It iseestimated thiat the cost of con y necting each house with the' Metro 1- politan ;sewerage systemir will be re about thi'rteen pounds. STHE 'ordinary meeting of the "e Brighton ' Presbyterian Literary ir Society was-held in thenew school .d room Wilson street. on:Friday, June i 24'th' at 8 o'clock. The:president, if .O R. Snowball, Esq.. took the chair, e and 45 members and visitors were re present. The first part of the pro y gramme consisted, of i very interest no ing lecture on the Humarn Eye " il by Mr. Cooch. The lectiirer illu strated his remarks witlih merous :t 'diagrams touching' on the various d organisms 'in connection with s. the eye. 'The second :part of if the evening was given to prac n tical Chemistry experiments by Mr. r Cheshire. 'This parti of -the pro ). gramme was very instructive as well e as intertaining as Mr Cheschire's ex :- periments. were made with, the gases i. with which we are all familiarinname n At theoclose of the evening a hearty nI vote of thanks was given to the two e gentlemen for the trouble they had' g taken and to Mr beshire:Lfor his Is kindness 'in bringing before the e members so much apparatus where 1.' with his experiments which had been so successful were made. DR. Leger Erson desires through our columns to niotify his patients ,, that he may be consulted at his new ., residence the premises formprly ooce i;. pied by the Mercantile Bank. adjoin lo ing the Prahran Town Hall. 1 During the past week a large I, number of the articles recently taken g by burglars from the premises of . Mr. Morris of Armadale, have been' v unearthed in a most curious place. \- namely under the floor of a room. attached to the Melbourne Goal, WE have received a sample of the new game -of "TABLE FOOTBALL" which is now all the rage and sells like wildfire. The game represents a field of twenty players on each side and goal posts, kickers, rules and biall accompany each game board. It is played by a couple of persons in accordance with all the. Victorian rules.:: We have great pleasure in introducing the above to our readers and strongly recomimend all lovers and supporters of football to pur chase a' '-Table Football." as it is in :ouropinion the most interesting and amusing game yet introduced. *.'A heartrending case of distress is reported as having occurred at Wil son street, Brighton, during the past week. It is unnecessary to say that so sooi as the case was made public strenuous efforts were put forth in order to minister to and releive the pressing wants of the inmates. Food fuel, and temporary work were found by Mrs, Huntley and others who interested .themselves in this'deserv ing case., *Nzwsisors at NorthBrighton Rail Sway had better ".mend their ways " else Sergeant Ryan and his possee of assistants who are on the warpath will have to use the strong arm of the law. See elsewhere our report of the affair as discussed at the Brighton-.town council table last Monday evening. THE members of the Public Works Cemmittee of the Caulfield Shire Council, paid.a visit of inspection last Tuesday to Mr. Carr's depot at East Brighton, and where highly pleased with. its cleanliness, etc. They decided to recommend the adoption of a similar system, viz: doublepan and trenching in of the excreta, for their own shire. Snmxons in connection with the inauguration of the Young People's Christian Endeavour Society will be preached to-morrow in the Primitive Methodist Church, Male Street, Brighton. at 11 and 7 a.m,, by Rev. J. Smith, at 3 p.m by the Rev, T, Adamson. In further celebration a tea and public meeting will be held on Monday, at the latter addresses suitable to the occasion will be given by members of the Society and others. THE second grand juvenile indus trial and art exhibition in the Lecture Hall. Winter Street, Malvern, which is to be opened next Tuesday after noon, promises to be a great success. There are upwards of six hundred and fifty entries. The admission is one shilling on opening day, and six pence each following day. Sir F. T. Sargood will perform the opening ceremonial at 3 p.m. on Tuesday. In addition to the other attractions a splendid programme of elocutionary and musical contests will be pre sented. AT a public meeting held at Mal. vern Shirehal1 last Tuesday evening the President of the Shire, A. Mc Kinley, Esq., M.L.A., in the chair it was unanimously resolved, "That it was desirable to devise some means to assist in releiving the distress in the city and suburbs," and further *' that this meeting appoints a com mittee to raise funds to releive such distres. at first in Malvern and after wards in the city and suburbs sur Srounding." Two residents of Malvern named Edith Cirrie, and Arthiiur Jones alias Toms were charged at the Rich mond court last Wednesday with'de frauding the railway department. The' first mentioned for travelling on an expired pass was fined 5s. with 21s, costs and the last named 10s, with £2 2s. costs for travelling with out a ticket. WE' regret having to record the death of the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, which sad event took place at an early hour yesterday morning, at his . residence Well street, North Brighton.' 