THE SORCERESS. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author op ."The Chronicles op Carlino . ford," "Wuitkladies," "Adam Graeme," &c.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter XXX. This made, however, but a very temporary - breach botweon Beo and her brother. 'J'hey were a littie stiff next morning at breakfast, and elaborately refrained from talking on any lint the most trivial things, but by noon this reserve bad broken down, and in the evening, though Boo proudly refrained frum any referonoe to Laura, thoy woro as confidential as - ever. Bee o mind had passed through various . vicissitudes in rospcot to thiB object of Charlio's adoration. Her first overwhelming interest had . given way to a littlo doubt, and this was naturally strengthened by the overweening csti- : mato of the unknown whioli Charlie thrust upon her. . A girl is very willing to admiro at second hand her brother's love, but whon she is told - that it iB a presumption to compare herself with tiiat divinity, hor sympathy is strained too far. . Boo began to liavo an uneasy feeling about this unknown Laura. It was. ono tiling to stimulate Ohnrlie to work, to stir np all that was best in him, to iir'go himself, for Charlie's sake, or for their joint sakos,: if they married and beenme ono, which was the only thing that could, liappon iu Bee's iden— hut it was quito : another tiling to protend an enthusiasm for this in order that Charlie should bo.kept. within hor reach, : and at' her feet during that quiet timo of the . long vocation. Beo know enough to know that, seveio work is not compatible witii mucli love making. Sbo imagined her brother strolling . away from ids books to tako Laura out on the ; river, or lie nt hor feet in tho gnrden, wliioh had become the linhitB of Ilia life, as he betrayed to her .accidentally. Bee thought with a littie indignation that the lofty intentions; wliioh - would probably end in these proceedings were : of tlio nature of false pretences, and that the girl whom Charlie endowed with tlio most - superlative qualities should not attempt to' take : him from his homo for suoh reason — or at least , if jlin ilia should do it franklv for lovu's sake. whioli was always a thing to be forgivon, and not on any fiotitions pretence. , 1 For. Oiiarlio boing refused that lieroio way. of .; working, "going up to rend," did not read atali, ; as was apparent to his sinter's keen eyeB. . Ho did not attempt to' do tlio host, lie could, being : prevented from doing what he desired. .He settled himsolf, it ie truo, in the library after., breakfast, with his books as if with the intention of working ; hut beforo Bee had got through the , little lesson wliioh she gave every morning to; tho ' little ones, Charlie was out strolliiig about tho ; garden, or iyiiig on tho grass in the shade, .with. n book wliioh was cither a novel or ono wliioh lay closed by his sido while ho abandoned him self to thought— to thought not about his hooks it was to bo feared, for Beo, with tremors of sympathy in hor heart recognised loo well tho dreamy look, tho drooped eyelids, tho air astray from anything going 011 around. From questions . of study, as far as Beo had perceived in her lihort oxporienco, the merest footsteps on a path, the dropping of a loaf was enough to rouse tho - student. ' Charlie's thoughts were of a far more absorbing kind. ' . : Colonel Kingsward suggested once moro tho ' week in town when lie came on another Saturday ; evening to Kingswardon. He was a inan not very . open to a perception of the wants of others, but as ' : time wont on, and lie himself became more and more sensible of tho ameliorating influences of society and occupation, the stagnant atmosphere at homo whore his two elder children were vegetating, so mnoh against all their previous habits, struck him witli a sensation which ho could not wholly got the better of. It was only right that Bee, at loast, should remain in tho country and in retirement tho first summor after her mother's death. It would have been most unbecoming had she beon in town seeing people, and necessarily, more or loss, boing soon by the world. Bat yet lie felt the stillness close round him like o sensible chill, and was aware of the great quiet — aggravated by his own presence, though of this he was scarcely aware— as if it hod been a blight in the air. It made him nogry for the moment. In other times his house in tho country had always been refreshing and delight- ful to him. Now, the air, notwithstanding that it was full summer, chilled him to the bone. When you are escaping from tho atmosphere of griof anything that draws you back to it feols liko an injury. He was very cross, very impa tient with the silence at table, the subdued looks of the young people, and that tliey had nothing to say. Win it not worse for him than for them ? Ho was the one who had lost the most, and to whom all ministrations wore duo to Boftcn tho smart of sorrow. But afterwards his thoughts towards his oliildren softened. It was very dull for them. On the Sunday evening ho took the trouble to press that week in town upon Charlie. " There's a spsro olosct you can have at my rooms at the office, " he said. "It's very central if not much else, and I daresay your friends will ask you out quietly as they do me. I think even you might bring up Beo for tho day to see the pictures. She could stay the night with tho old Hammonds, and see Betty." " Oh; don't think of me, papa," cried Bee. "I -would rather, far rather, stay nt home. I don't care tor tne pictures— this year. "That is foolish, my dear," said the colonel. "There is nothing in the least unbecoming to your mourning in going there. Indcod, I wish you to go. You ought not to misB the pictures, and it will be a little change. Of course, I can not go with you myself, but Cliarlio will take you, and you can go to Fortmnn-square to Bleep. You will see Betty, who must bo thinking of coming home about now ; indeed, it is quite necessnry you should settlo that with her. She can't stay there, all the season, and it is rather heartless leaving you liko this alone." " Oh no, papa. It is I that wish her to stay. She would have come baok long ago hut for me." Bee's genarouB assumption of tha blame, if there was any blame, exoited lier father's sus picion rather than admiration. Ho looked at her somewhat sovcroly. "I cannot conceivo what object you can have in preferring to be alone," he oaid. " It is either morbid, or In either ease it makes it more desirable that Botty should come back. Yon can arrange that. Wo will soy Wednesday. I suppose you will not be nervous about returning homo alono ?" " But, papa " "I consider the question settled. Bee," said Colonel Kingsword ; and aftor that there was nothing more to bo said. Poor Bee wept many toara over this eompul- sory first step baok into tho world — without her mother, without Sho did not moan (as: she said in her inmost thoughts) anyone else; but it mndo the whole world vacant nround her. to think that neither on one side nor tho other was thoro anyono to walk by her side, to take her linnd, to mako hor fool that sho was not alono. Nevertheless, it cannot be denied that,, in the morning, this was the first thought that oamc into her mind, witii a faint expansion of her young being. The chnngc, though it was not joyful, was still something ; and when alio set out with Charlie on Wednesday morning her heart, in spite of herself, roso a littlo. To seo tho piotures 1 Tho piotures are not generally very exciting, and there wbb not, as it happened, a sous&tion; in any one of thorn in this particular year, even had Beo been capable of it, which sho wbb not But yet Bho had a sensation, and one of the most start ling description. As she was going languidly along, looking at ono pioture aftor anothor, mechanically referring to the catalogue, which oonvoyed very littlo idea to hor mind, hor atten tion was suddonly attracted by a lady standing in front of ono of tho chief piotures of the year. She was talking with groat animation to some friends who surrounded her pointing out the qualities and exoellcncies (or non-excelloucioB, for Boo was not near enough to hear) of the pioturo. Sho was picturesquely dressed In block, a tall and commanding figure, with a great deal of loco about her, and a fine profile, oloarly out and impressive. Bee's whole atten tion was called to hor as by a charm. Where had she seen hor before? Sho seemed acquainted with every detail of lier figure, nnd penetrated by a vague rominisoonce as of sonioono who had been of personal importanoe to herself, though she could not toll when or bow. Who is she ? Oh, who is she ? Bee asked liersolf. She was very handsome— indeed, Bee thought hor a beautiful woman ; not young, wliioh is a thing always noted with a cortaiu pain nnd compas sion by a young girl— but full of graoo and interest. While Boo gazed, open eyed, forget ful of herself, n young figure, very interesting, too, to bohold in her deep mourning, and with tho complete forgotfulness of herself Involved in that wistful, inquiring and admiring gaze, the lady turnod round, presenting lier full fnco to the girl's troubled vision. Beo felt her breath come short, her heart beat. Sho fell back hurriedly upon a vacant place on ono of the benches whioh someone had charitably left empty. Bee did not know who the woman was nor what possible conncotion she could have with her own fato, and yot thoro wns a convic tion in the girl's heart that she had to do with it, that Bomohow or other her life was in this woman's hands. It wns tho lady whom she had met that autumn morning last year in the fir- woods round the Baths, where Beo had gone to finish her sketch — tho lady who had appeared suddenly from nmoug tho trees, who had sat down by her, and pointed out the errors in tho little picture nnd advised her how to put them right. The black laoe which was so conspicuous in . the stranger's dress, seemed to sweep ovor Bee as sho passed with tho snino faint ponotrat- ing oilor, tbo snmo thrill of unnccountablo son- sation. Bee could not tako lier eycB from this figure ob it moved slowly along, pausing here and there with tbo air of a connoisseur. Who wns sho ? Who was sho ? Bee turned as sho turned, following her with her eyes. And then there occurred tho most wonderful inoident, so strange so unexpected, so unao- countable, that Beo could saarccly suppress a try of astoniahmont. Cliarlio had beon "doing" the piotures in his way, going faster than his sister, and had been roaming down the whole side of the long gallery while Beo oconpiod her- self with ona or two favorites. He appeared now at a little distance, having made the round of the room, and Beo was tho involuntary, mueh surprised witness, of tho offeot produced upon Oharlio by tho sudden appearance which had so pauoh excited herself. Ho stopped short, with it seemed a sudden exclamation, lot the book in hiB hands drop in hia amazement, then cleaving the erowd precipitated himself upon tho group in ' whioh the lady Btood. Boo watched with conetornation the hurried eager greeting, the illumination of his boyish faco, even the gesture — both hands put forth, and the quiver of his whole eager figure. Sho even heard a littlo cry of surprise from tho lady, who presently separated herself from hor friends nnd went on with Charlie in the closest conversation. It seemed to Beo as she watched, following them as well as she could through the crowd which got between her and tiieso two figures, that there were no two heads so close together in all the throng. They seemed to drift into a corner where the pictures were of no importance, where tliey were comparatively undisturbed as if for the most confidential talk. It was no mere acquaintanceship, a chance meoting with some one he knew, it was utter forgetfulncss of everything else, complete absorption in this now interest that Bcemed to move her brother. For n time Bee formed no conclusion, thought of no ex planation, but watched tlicm only with all her faculties. The catalogue whioh Charlie hnd dropped was Bhufllcd and kicked to lier feet by the passers by, a visible sign that something unueual bad happened. "What was it? Who was she? And then there darted into Bee's mind a sug gestion, an idea which bIio could not, wonld not, entertain. Laura ! 5Vas it possible that this could bo Laura? Tlio thought sent a thrill through and through her. But no, no, no ! she cried within hcrsulf, impossible! This lady was years older than Charlie — of another gene ration altogether — not a girl at all. She gazed through tho crowd at the two heads in the corner of tho room, standing ns if they wore looking at the pictures. They had their backs to Bee, and sho could seo nothing but occa sionally a side glimpse of Charlie's cheek and the lace bonnot, with the unusual accompani ment of a floating veil which covered his com panion's heed, Sho had remembered the veil at once — not primly fastened over her face as most ladies wore them, but thrown back and falling behind, n head dresB Btich ns nobody else wore, it distinguisiieu irom every otner ncnu that of the womnn who, Bee now felt sure, was liko somebody in a tragedy of fate — somebody who hnd to do, she could not toll how, with the shipwreck of her own lifo — for had she not appeared mysteriously, fiom bIio knew not whoro, on the very eve of misery nnd ruin ? — and now was overshadowing Charlie, bringing him some cnlnmity. Bee shivered and trembled among all the crowding peoplo on the seat which so many people envied her, and felt that she was retaining it far longer than her share. Sho was too niuoh frightened to do as sho could have wished to do, to rush after them — to draw lier brother away, to break tho spell. Such a dark lady had been known in story long boforo Bee wob born. Could it be truo that hateful hoings were permitted to stray nhout even in the brightest scenes, bringing evil augury and all kinds of troublo with them ? Blnny a time had Beo thought of this lady — of her suddon appearance nnd of her questions about the itoighs — of something in her look, an air of meaning which even at the moment had con fused the unsuspicious, nnnlarmed girl. And now, Charlie. What was she ? Who was she? Laura? Oh no, no, a hundred times no. If Boe oould have supposed that her respectable father or any member of her innocent family could have wronged anyone, she would liavo thought it was a ghost lady ominous of trouble. Oh, what a silly thought in broad dnyliglit, in the Acndemy of all places in the world ! There was very little that was visionary or supersti tious in such a place. Charlie came back to join his slater- after a considerable timo with a glowing faao. " Oil, you arc thoro 1" ho cried, " I've been looking everywhere for you. I couldn't think whereyou oould liavo gone " " I should bare seen you had you' been look ing for mo," said Beo. " Well never mind, now that I have found you. Have you seen as much as you wish ? It's timo to bo moving off if you mean to get to Portmnu-squaro in time for ten." "Charlie," snid Beo, very gravely, getting lip and moving with him towards the door, " who is that lady you were talking to with tlie black laoe about her head ?" : " What lady ?" snid Charlie, with a very ficti tious look of surprise, nnd the color mounting nil over his face. " Oil, the lady I met — that lady ? Well, she is a lady— whom I have met elscwliore " " I liavo mot her, too," cried Bee, breathless, "down nt tlio Bntlis just before Oh, who is she, who is she, Cliarlio? I think Bbe is one of the Fates." "You little goose," cried her brother; nnd then be laughed in an unsteady way. " Per- haps, she is — if there was a good one," be eried. "She is," ho added, in a different tone— end then paused again ; "but I couldn't tell you half what she is if I were to talk till next week — and never in suoh a noisy vulgar place nB this." Then Bee's mind, driven from- one thought to another, came suddenly hack with a jar and strain of her nerves to the question about Laura ; was it possible that this should be site ? for it was the tone sacred to Laura in wliioh her brother now spoke. "Oh, tell mo about her, tell mo about hor !" bIio oricd, involuntarily olasping lier hands— "sho isn't, is she? Oh, Charlie, yon will have time to tell mo when we got into the park. Didn't Bhe want to speak to mo ? Why didn't you introduoe me to hor if sho is such a great friend of yours ?" "Hush, for goodness' sake, now; you are making people stare," said Charlie. Ho hurried her down tho stairs and across the road out side, making her almost run to keep np with liirn. "I Bay, Bee," he oriod, hurriedly, when he hnd signalled to n hansom, "should you mind going by yourself? I hate driving when I onn walk. Why, you'vo been in a hansom by yourself heforo 1 You're nut going to be such a little goose as to make a fuss about it uow." " Oh, but Charlie — I'd rather walk, too, and then you can tell me " "Ob, nonsense," lie cried, " you're tired already. It would be too'much for you. Port- mnn-squaro, No. ;. Good-bye, Bee. I'll look you up later," lib cried., as to Bee's con sternation the whcols- of the lionsom jarred upon the kerb, and she felt herself' carried rapidly away. Chapter XXXI. Portman-Bquarc had' seemed to Bee tha first step into the world after all that had happened ; hut wlion Bho was there tlii» gcntlo illusion faded. It wob not tlie world, but only another dry and faded corner out of the world, more silant and recluse than oven Kingswarden had become, for there were no voiceB of oliildren within, and no ruetlo of trees and sweot singing of birds without. ' Tha meeting with Betty wns sweot, but the air of the littlo old fashioned tea table, tho long, solemn dinner, with tlio butlor and tho footman stealing like ghosts about the tablo, which wns lnid out with heavy silver and out glass, with only ono small bunoh of flowers as a sacrifice to modern idenB in the middle, nnd the silence of the great drawing- room afterwards, half lighted and dreary, camo with a chill upon tho girl who hnd been afraid of being dazzled by too mucli brightness. There were only tho old lady and tho old gentleman, Botty, and herself nroand tho big table, anil only tho same party without the old gentleman afterwards. Mrs. Lyon asked Beo questions about her excellent fntlior,. and sho examined Bee olosely about her dear mother, wishing to know all tho particulars of Mrr. Kingsward'a illness. - ' ; "I can't get a nloe serious answer from Betty; She is such a little thing ; and she tells mo she was not nt home through tho worst," Mrs. Lyon said. It was not a suhjeot to inspirit Bee, or enable her to rise above the lovel of her homo thoughts. Betty did not seem to feel it in the samo way. She wss in a white froek with black ribbons, for BIrs. Lyon did not liko to sec her in black, " Suoh a little thing you know." Bee wondered vaguely whether she herself, only n yenr and a half the elder, was supposed to ho quite middle aged and boyond all the happier surroundings of life. BIrs. Lyon gavo her a great deal of nd« vice ns to wlint sho ought to do, nnd talkod much of the responsibilities of the elder sister. " Y on must teech them to obey yon, my dear. You must not let down the habit of obedience ; you must be very strict with them ; a sister lins more need even than a mother lo he very strict, to keep them in n good way." Bee sat very still, while the old lady prosed. It wns so silent but for that voico that the ticking of the clock be- camo quito an important sound in tho largo dim room. And Bee Btraincd her cars for the'sound of a bansom drawing up ; for Charlie's step on the pavement. Many hansomB stopped at neigh- boring houses, hnd footsteps sounded. Bnt Charlie did not mako his appenrance. "Bly brother said ho would look in later, " Bhe hnd told Mrs. Lyon when sho arrived. "Well, my dear, wo shall hope ho will;" the old lady had said, "but a young man in London finds a hundred engagements." And Betty, who had been so sorious, who had been so sweet, a perfect companion at tlio timo of thoir mother's death, more deeply ponatrated by all tho influences of tlio time than Bee herself, now flitted about in her whito froek with all hor old brightnosH, nnd sang her little song without faltering, to show Bee what progress she had made amoe she had been taking lessons. Beo could scarcely yet sing tlio hymns in church without breaking down, though to bo sure a girl who was having the best lessons would bo obliged to get over that. After tho long evening when they woro at last alono together Betty did not respond warmly to Beo's suggestion that Bhe should now be thinking of returning home. "You seem to think of nothing but the children," she said : "yon can't want me," to which Beo could only reply that there were more things tliau the children to think of. and that she was vorv lonolv and had no one to talk to " But you hnvo Charlie," snid Betty. " Charlie is very full— of his own concerns. He lias not mucli sympathy with me. All thot ho wnnts is to got back to Oxford." "To Oxford in the vaoation ? "What would ho do there?" " He says lie wonld work," enid Boo. " Oh, Beo, liow nico of Charlie ! I know tliey do sometimes ; Gerald Lyon tells me ; but I never thought that Charlie " " No," said Bee, "and I don't feel very sure now ; thoro is someone to whom he writes suoh long letters " " Oh, Beo i. This is far, far more interesting than reading! Do yon know who she is? Does he tell you about her ?" " Her name is Laura," said Bee; " that is all I know." "Oh," eried Betty, "Chnrlie too 1" nnd' then a flush came over the girl's uplifted face. Bee, ioor Beo, absorbed in the ninny things whiob lad dawned upon her whioh were beyond Betty, did not observo tho color nor even that nignifl- ennt "too" whioh had come to Botty 's lips in spite of herself. "I think he met her or someone belonging to her nt the academy to-day ; and that's why ho . hnsn't come, Oh, Botty, I am not happy about it — I am not hanpy at all !" Batty put her arms round Bee and kissed her. She tlioughb it was the remembrnnaa of hor own disappointment nnd disaster wliioh mndc hor sister oiy out in this henrtbroken way. Betty looked very wistfully in Bee's eyes. She was more sorry than words oould say. If she could have done anything in the world " to moke it all come right" she would have dono so. And in the bottom nf lier heart sho Btili had a conviction that all would " come right." " Oil Beo, Bee!" she cried, " cannot anything ho dono ? If only— only you would have listened to his mother ! — Bee " Bee held up a warning finger. "Do you think ! it ie myself I am thinking of ?" Bho said, and then wringing her hnnds she added, " I don't know 1 what harm wo have dono to bring it on — but oh, I think wo are in the hands of fate." AVhnt did this mean ? Botty thonght her sister hnd gono out of her mind, and Bee would mako no explanation. But I think this strango conversation mndo Betty rather loss willing to return home. She was tho darling of the house in Pnrtmnn-sqnaro ; though they did not go into sooiety they had all manner of indulgences for Botty, hnd took hor to tho park, and en couraged the visits of their nephew Gerald, who wae a vory morry companion for the girl. Ho was permitted to take her to seo various sights, and the old people as usual did notperccivowhat was beginning to dawn under their very eyes. Botty was suoh a little thing. Tlio consequence was that, though Beo thought Portmnn-squnre still duller than Kingswarden, lier little sister whs not of thnt opinion. Bee accordingly went bsok alone next day, Betty accompanying lier to tho railway station. Neither at Portman-sqnaro nor at the railway did Chnrlie appear, anil it was with a heavy heart that Boo went home. It seemed to hor as sho travelled alone, for I 'think thefirst timeinher life (she wasnotyet quite 20), that everybody was following his or her own way, nnd that only she wns bearing the wholo burden of the family. Hor father had returned to his own world, Ills club, his dinners, ofiioial and otherwise. It wns indispensable that lie should do so, Bee had understood, it being impossible) for a man in his position to withdraw from tho world on acoount of any private feeling of his own. Anil Betty had flashed back again into her music, and lier white frock, nnd was seeing everything as of old. And Charlie— oh, what was Cliarlio doing drifting off into some trngio cnoliant- ment? Tlio poor girl's heart wns very heavy. There Heemcd only herself to think of them all in their separate paths, one liore and (mother there, going further and further off in so mnny different directions from tho event which bad broken tho unity of tlio family, yet surely Bhonld have held them together in tlioir common ; trouble. Thnt event had gone into tho regions of tlie past. The time of the mother was over liko a tnio that is told. There were still the children in the nursery, nnd Bee, their guardian, watching over them, but tli'o others all going off, each nt their scpnrato angle. It iB hard enough to realise this, even when age lias gained n cer tain insensibility, but to tho girl this breaking up of tho fnmily was terrible: "I— even I alono rcmnin," she was inclined to say with tlio prophet, nnd what could bIio do to stop tlio closing of these toilB of fato? Her mind gradually concentrated on thnt last and most alarming theme of all — tlio woman, tho lady, without n name or history or any cvidont link with the fnmily who had thus for the second timo nppoarcd in tho path. Beo tried to fall bnck upon hor reason, to represent to herself that she had no real cause for assuming that the stranger of whom sho knew nothing, who might Bimply have been wnlking through that Gorman wood, nnd hnvo slopped by ohnnoo to speak to tho littlo English girl with her stupid sketoli, had anything to do with tlio disaster wliioh so soon overtook that poor little English girl in tlie midst of hor happy love. Sho had no reason, none, for thinking so. Sho tried to represent to herself how foolish sho had been to entertain such a notion, how natural and without meaning tho inoident had been. And now again, for tho second time, what reason had alio to believe that anything fatal or cvoii dangorous to Cliarlio was in this lady's nppcnrimes now? Sho wns a distinguished looking woman, muoh older than Chnrlie. What wns more likely than that such a woman, probably by her looks a marriod lady, a person of importanoe, should hnvo a great deal of influence over a youth liko Charlie if sho took notice of liiin nt nil ? All this wns very reasonable. There was far more sense in it than in that foolish terror and alarm whioh had taken possession of: her mind. She lind almost persuaded hotsolf that tiieso apprehensions were foolish before sho readied homo : nnd yet the moment aftei she had succeeded in reasoning it oil out; nnd' convincing herself how foolish tliey hnd been, they had risen jip in a crowd and soized her anxious mind again. It was some days boyond tho wook whioh Charlie had been allowed in town wbon ho came back. He was in agitated spirits witii a look of mingled oxeilement nnd exhaustion wliioh gave Bee mnny aim ins, but which she was not suffi ciently skilled or experienced to interpret Colonel Kingswnrd had not como homo in tlio interval, having gono somowhoro clso to spend his weekly holiday, and when he did como there were various colloquies botwecn him and bis son which were evidently of a disturbing kind: Sumo of theso were about money, as was to be made out by various allusions. Cliarlio had cither beon spending too muob, or had sot up a claim to more in tho future, a claim which his- father was reluctant to allow: But it scorned that lie had como out triumphant in the end, to judgo by their respective looks, whom they issued from tho library together just boforo Colonel Kingsword left for town. " I hopo at least you'll make a good nse of it," wore the father's lastwords — and " Yob may trust me, sir," said Cliarlio, with all the elation of victory. He was in great spirits all day, teasing the children, nnd giving Boo half confidences as ' to the great tilings lie meant to do, " They shan't put me off with any of thoir beastly governorships at the ond of the- world," snid Cliarlio. " I shall play for high-stakes, Bee. I cnn't afford to hen mere nttaoliB lone, fc'.it thov shan't shelve me at soma horrible Afrioan station, I enn tell you. That's not a kind of promotion that will, suit mo." " But you will have to go where you are sent," said Bee. " Oh, shall I ?" cried Charlie. " That is nil you know about it. Besides, when nmnnhasa particularly charming wi— ." Ho stopped and coughed over the words and laughed; and grew red. " Do you thinlcyonr manners are so partion- larly charming ?" said1 Boo witii familiar scorn, upon which Cliarlio laughed louder tliau ever and walked away. Next day, lie toft homo hurriedly, saying he was going to make a run for a day or two to " sec a man," and' osmo bnck in tho somo excited exhausted state on Saturday morning boforo 'his fathor returned, a process wliioh was repeated almost every week to the great con sternation nnd troublo of Bee. For Charlie never mentioned thoso nbscncos to hie father, and Bee folt heraolf spell bound as if she were incapable of doing so. How could she betray her brother? And the letters to Laura censed. He had no time now to writo thoso longlotters, Ncithordid ho receive them as used to be the case. Had tlio correspondonco stopped, or was there any other explanation? But Charlie talked but little to his sister now; and not at nil on this suhjeot : and thus tlio web of mystery soeraod to bo woven more nnd more about his feet — Bee alone suspcoting or fearing' any thing, Bee alono entiiely unable to mako it clear. (to be rontindbd.) 