Latest Sporting. Mems. Stella. H. and NetU have been scratched for ail engagement* at the Coraki pony meeting to-morrow (Saturday). ? A prominent Melbourne trainer says, re garding the accident in the Melbokrae Cup race that such things would always occur, for the simple reason that owing to big sweeps a numiier of second-class horses were started in the Cup who would otherwise be absentees. In fact, said he, such cattle would never be entered hut for the sweeps. Just subsequent to his battle with Corbett it was claimed by Sullivan that he had been drugged, and to that lie attributed his defeat. The Boston man had a bottle of wine at bis hotel before he went to fight in the evening, and it was then, he says, that he got the dose. Little notice was taken of thia story, and at a benefit accorded him Sullivan said he had been beaten by a butter man and did not desire to make excuses. Penance turned ont so lame after Melbourne Cup race that it is doubtful if the son of Pen itent will ever again carry silk. Anyhow he will not be fit to do so until after being treated to a long spell. v It is now reported that the sensational sire Ormonde lias been purchased from his Buenos Ayres owners by an American syndicate for the enormous sum of £28,000. Kvery hope is now held that the life of Tir aileur, who fell in the race for the Cup and brake his sbonlder, will be saved. The son of Musket bas been placed in slings, and it is believed lie will he fully competent far st«d purposes. Mr. Gollan and his traiiier Martin are an tinluuky or unfortunate couple, for they brought nine horses with them from New Zealand, and the whole string has gone bung at different periods. It is a fact not. generally known that AI thotns burst a blood vessel several days be fore the Melbourne Cup, but the mishap cer tainly did not affect his chance in the race, for which lie hrd not the ghost oT a show. Death has-been pretty busy amongst *onr racehorses daring the fast few days, for Forty Winks, the steeplechaser Rob Roy, and Mur mur have gone the way of all flesh, their de cease in each case being the result of accident, Frank Slavin, the pugilist, will visit Amer ica in January to arrange a match with Jackson. Trideutine has started in 66 rac s of which she won 19, nuuing 8 seconds and 5 thirds. The stakes won by Tridentine amount to £1864. 