"We Know. I A SEEHON UT THE EB V. LYMAN ABBOTT, D.D. " I know him whom I hare believed, and I am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unte him against that day."-2 Tra. i. 12. Do you observe the difference in the verb ? I know him whom I have trusted; I am persuaded that lie is able to heep that which I. have com- mitted unto him. Paul uses the verb "know" very frequently. If to bo sure ia the realm of religion ia dogmatism, Paul ia the most dogmatic of writers. Hear him : I know that the law is good; I know that the law is spiritual; I know that in me-that is, in my flesh-there is no good thing; I know that the whole world groaneth and travaileth in pain until now; I know that all 1 things work together for good to them that love God ; I know that I am the temple of God ; I know him whom I have trusted. These are SOME OF HIS POSITIVE ASSEVERATIONS. They are never founded on traditional belief 8. He never says I know some- thing because the church, Jewish or Chris- tian, has proclaimed it. I do not say that we may not strengthen our faith by the faith of others. We may. I do not say that the heredi- tary and continuous testimony of the church ia not a tonic of faith. It ia. But Paul does not base any of his " I knows " on this as a founda- tion. Nor does ho base them upon argument. I will not say that he nevor roaches a conclusion by a logical process and formulates it with an " I know ;" but it is certainly very rare for him to do this. But he often breaks into an argument with a great " I know," as in tho 8th chapter of Ro- mans, when into his winter picturo of a world groaning and travailing in pain together until now, there suddenly bursts through, as a bright sunlight through the Btorm cloud, "We know ¡that all thinga work together for good to them that love God." No ; Paul's " I know " is not a logical conclusion-it is the strong asseveration of a personal spiritual experience. There are some things in religion which we may know. I want to talk of them. They are not, perhaps, very many, but they are very fundamental. And I am going to speak to you out of MY OWN EXPERIENCE. If I give my words an autobiographical form, and if they have some aspect of egotism in them, you who are accustomed to hear me from Sabbath to Sabbath will pardon tho unavoidable infelicity. I read the other day a Btory of a young girl living on the coast of England, who took her little boat one bright summer afternoon and rowed out two miles from the coast to a buoy ; and then, filled by the inspiration of the sunlight and the day, pushed on two miles further; absorbed in her thoughts, she noticed nothing about her until, suddenly waking from her day-dreams, she saw a great fogbank creeping down from and veiling the shore. Then in her terror, losing her presence of mind, she caught at her oars and pulled with such vehemence that she broke one of them and waa left, the fog hiding the shore, and creeping down upon her, cold and pitiless. I have been on thut sea. I have known what it is to have all the solid verities of religion hidden in the fog ; what it is to hold in doubt every article of faith save only two-faith in my own soul and faith in some unknown God. I ought to sympathise with those who are in the fog. I should be strangely, strangely inhuman if I did not. This Sabbath morning I want to try to retrace publicly the steps which I have trod again and again when the same cold fog has crept down and ovorwhelmned me, and I have wondered where I was and whether there was any truth. I want to tell you this morning, not tho things I think, not even the things I am reason- ably sure of, not even my earnost convictions-I i want to tell you the things I know in religion. And, first of all, I KNOW THAT I AM. A very simple statement, you say, and yet, 1 after all, a fundamental one. When I have read 1 Hume's vaporings about the mind being a mere 1 succession of phenomena,, a phantasmagoria that passes aeross the sta^e, and ends when death rings down tho curtain; when I have read Sir Hanry Maudsley's theories that man is only a mechanism, and this thin.? we call thought is only the spark of an electric machine, I am per- plexed until l come back to look into myself and my own consciousness; then I know that I am. If I stand outside and look at you, I may question whether you may not be a machine. If I stand outside and look at mysolf, I may question whether I may not be a machine. But if I question my deepest conscious- ness, I know that I am, and that I am something different from the outside world ; something different from this desk, from this book, from thia platform ; something different ; from the body that I role and control. I am < something different from this hand, something different from this eye. When I hare a tooth. '. ache it is the tooth that aches, not I; when j my brain is tired, it is the brain that is tired, not I; when disease enfeebles me, it is a disease of the body, not disease of myself. I know, in other words, not that I shall be immortal, but that I am. Oh ! I too have stood by the open grave and looked down into it, and I too have long ed for the voice that never speaks, and for the vision of the angels, and seen no vision there. I have known what it is to stand and look into that vacancy and -wonder what has become of the friend that has gone; and I have looked forward to the time when my body, too, should be laid in the grave, and have wondered what lies beyond and whether anything does. What I shall be I know not, save as I take tho testimony of Jesus Christ as of one who does know, Hut I know that I am more than my body, moto than all that can be seen or heard or touched, more than this outer tenement which suffers decay ; I know that I-the roal, Ima I-am not touched by sickness, and I am persuaded will not be slain by death. And I know that I live in A WORLD OF MORAL LAW. I am not BO euro that thie material world is governed by physical laws, nor so sure that this body is governed by sanitary lavis, as that there are lawB of right and wrong that rula my spirit. I know that right is right and wrong is wrong. I know that right is not merely another way of spelling prudonco, nor sin merely another way of spelling folly. I know, you know, we all know, that we are moral characters bound to- gether by moral law; that this moral law is the foundation of tho home, of the State, of govern- ment, of overythiug of value in human lifo. Whon I enter into philosophical disquisition as to tho nature and origin of moral law, I reach con- clusions that differ from the conclusions of some of my follows, and I can rocogniso thoir right to differ. I can understand this man who thinks that the laws of right and wrong were evolved from tho instincts of the animal creation, though I do not agree with him. I can understand this other mau who thinks that laws have their final validity in statutes enacted by an Almighty God, though I do not agree with him. I can understand how my neighbor should disagree with me, wno hold that right and wrong are final and ultimate factors-laws of my being as thoy are laws of God's being. But these are philo- sophic disquisitions. Of these conclusions I am persuaded. But I know that there is a right and that there is a wroner. And that I HAVE BROKEN THAT MOE AL LAW ; that I have broken it in specific act3, and not con- formed to it in tho whole tenor ' and structure of my being. I know that remorso is a peculiar kind of sorrow ; that the sense of guilt is a real, deep, true tense. Sometimes it is a poignant, bitter pang. Sometimes it is a great dark shadow. Sometimes it is an evanescent regret. But come as it may, in what form it may, changed with changing liveB and characters, it is a real, vital, actual experience. I have sinned. I have come short of the glory of the divine ideal, of my own ideal. Do we not all know that ? Is there a man, a woman, a child in this house that does not know what it is to look back with regret upon the past, or look forward to the future with a great, strong aspira- tion to be something better, larger, nobler, than he has yet become ? Is there one whose soul does not sometimes echo that cry of Tennyson's Ob., for a man to arise in me, That tho man that I am may cease to ho I As to the origin of evil wo may differ ; but there can be no question of this one great thing-that wo have sinned. Tou are not the husband you ought to be. You are not the wife you ought to be. You are not the man or the woman you ought to be. Your ideal has not ye-t realised itself in your character. It is not morely that you are raw and green and unfinished. It is not merely that the child needs somn additional instruction ; that the web ia not completed in the loom. Th era are in it threads of pride, passion, sensuality, evil imagi- nation. The good that has been in you has been alloyed with evil, and tho evil has debased the good. And then I know that THERE ARE FORCES AT WORK, forces in myself, forces outside myself-to holp me to a better life. I know there is evil in this world that pulls me down ; but then I know that there are forces that are drawing me upwards. I remember to-day how, many years ago, I sat almost over that clock and listened while the great preacher stood in this pulpit, not merely stirring us for the moment now to laughter and now to tears with his incomparable eloquence, but putting into the heart of a young man the seeds that wero to bear their fruit in after life, and stirring the soul of a young man with an inspiration and an aspiration that never have died out. I look back across the years and remember that father with whom I lived, alas ! too little, for home waa broken up, and oven in my boyhood I knew no true home-that father whom I never beard utter a word that ho ought to recall, that father whose judgment always soemed to rx.e wise, and whose spirit seemed to me always just and tender and true, that father so catholic that all the world was his friend, so large-minded that in every error ho could see a truth and in every en ant man a child that should come back to God again ; and I know there was INSPIRATION IN HIS INFLUENCE. I look back and seo the vanishing figure of a mother whom I cannot recall save as a dita and distant memory, a mother whom I remember only as an invisible influence rising from tho grave where tho form had to bo laid to decay, and I know that she inspired and restrained me, and that I was a batter boy because her influence was about me and around mo and with mo. I know what the influenco of innocent childhood has been. I know what have been tho gentle re- straint and tho noblo inspiration of a Christian wife. I know what has been the value of a home to keep me pure and make mo ev«sr wish to be purer. Oh, is there no meaning in these word3 child and wife and father and mother and home and love ? Do we not know that there are re- demptive influences at work in the world? Wherever we may think they have come from, however we may defino atonement and forgive- ness, do not we know that love is in the world, and. that love redeems? And if we will but con- sider & moment, do we not know that all these influences are, at the heart of them and in the spirit of them, ono ; that love, in father, mother, husband, wife, home, church, pastor, is all one great current of love j that they are not merely rivulets of life scattered here and there, but one great, magnificent river of love ? Call it what you willj Btill it is there-> THE GEEAT POWEE OF IiOVB ~^ working in tho hearts cf men, and making them redeemers of others because redeeming love is in them. And I know that there are times when the voice that never is heard speaks, and the arms that never touch enfold, and the eyes that never are seen look into my soul. 1 know-oh, if I know anything, I know this ! True, he always comes to me as a voiled figure; but if I know any- thing, I know that there is a power greater than, preacher or father or mother or wife or child, who has stood beside me and does stand beside in life's great battle. And one thing more I know. As one goes into a groat cathedral and hears the music playing in tho air and filling the groined arches, and looks up and wonders whence it comes, and finally dis- cerns afar off the orgau-loffc within which are the unseon organist and choir; or as ono wakes in the morning, and, looking out upon the morning dawn, wonders where tho east is, looking first out of this window and then out of that, and finally discovers the sun just shutting itself behind the veil of clouds -so I look to see if there be not some embodiment of this miracle of redemption. Is there no cen- tral sun that holds in itself and yet gives per- petually forth this li»ht that guides and inspires tho world? I find it hero in this Now Tosta mfinh. Thftro aro SOME THINGS ABOUT THIS CHRIST of which I am persuaded. I havo longed to know whether this Christ of the New Testament was indeed tho world's redeemer. I have looked -I think I may safely eay it;-I have looked the difficulties m the way without hesitation. N»t without foreboding I have read what philosophy has to say against the miracles, but with the con- stantly increasing belief that a profounder philo : sophy shows the miracles to be rational. I have {read what criticism has to say against the histo- rical fidelity of the four gospels. I think I un- derstand measurably tho mythical theory, the j legendary theory, the naturalistic theory ; and I j have come with increasing conviction to bolieve : that the four gospels are historically true. These 'aro things of which lam persuaded. I believe I with the universal church in Jesus as the Son of God, who was conceived by tho Holy Ghost, born I of tho Virgin Mary, Buffered under Pontiua Pilate, was crucified, dead, and buried; the third ¡day he arose from the dead, he ascended into haaven, and sitteth at the right hand cf God, from whence he shall como to judge the ¡ quick and the dead, and I hold them all as the result of exploration, investigation, balancing ct.% ! doubts and difficulties, and with respect for the ' 'mind that judges differently. But there are twa ¡things that I do not hold in any ¿uch way; I know them. I know that this Christ presents to (me, and I think I know that this Christ pro : sents to every soul that will honestly study bia Inf«. THE IDEAL OP HUMAN CHARACTER. I know that nothing to be found in literatura or in history or in rny own imagination compares with this inspiring idoal life recorded in those four gospels. And I know that from that life, historically, has come that redemptive influence which is lifting tho world step, by step. In the first century the wdrld-'was lost in paganism, in ignorance, in sensuality. The keeper of the swine was like tho swine, wallowing in filth and in the miro.. Not by an instantaneous word., but little by little, the devil has been driven out of tho man that was possessed, and the evil one has gone, and he that i was possessed is beginning to sit clothed and in his right mind. I trace the history of redemption j in the history of tho world baek to the cradle at 'Bethlehem and the resurrection afc Jerusalem. I And then I unroll tho book of my own life, and I ! see that the pastor and father and mother i and children and wife have ministered to me only, or chiefly, as they have brought mo more and moro to know this Christ, to love this Christ, to lay hold on this Christ, to found my hope in thiB Christ. An BO, not for the miracles that en circlo him, not for the flashes of jiower that spring from his presence like sparks from an elec- tric battery, but for what he is in himself,and for what he has done for the world about me and for my own soul, I know him whom I have believed. There aro many things uncertain, many things unsettled, but thero are some THINGS WE MAY KNOW. We may know that we are. We may know that we are moral beings under a moral law. We may know that we hare sinnod, and need, not merely pity for our sorrows, but mercy and forgiveness for our Bins. We may know there are influences at work in tho world, through, father and mother and homo and preacher and literature and history, by which we may be lifted into a higher and botter life, step by step. And if we will traee these influences back to their source, if we will turn and look to seo whence this miracle of redemption comos, whence thia light comes that streams m through all the win- dows and makes fur life and love, we may know that Christ is the light that lijhteth every maa. that cometh into the world. We know him whom,, wo have believed ; and we are persuaded thát;ííá| is able to guard that which we havo committed;! unto him against that day. -\ . . ^ il 