e FATHER-IN-LAW MfEADOVWS. The pretty suburb of Fort Hill, within 15 or a 20 miles of the grest city. was formerly known d as Hewitt's Mills. It was settled iii early times a by two very extensive families, the Hewitt) aund a lendoweses, who frequently intermarried, and owned nearly all the land in the neighbour hood. Old.fashioned, Conservative p1ople they were, of whom some scattered remnants are still extant in the vicinity. o They look with no very friendly eye on the h doings of their rich and stylish city neigh bours, who live in the villas and country seats , scattered over the hills and up and down the it now roads cut through forest and farm. d Chief among these survivals of the good old d stock is Eben Hewitt, the miller, an old muan nnow withl a rich brown complexion, a keen, dtrk eve, and thick, bushy white hair and board. Unicle Ebon married a Meadows, as g was inevitable, and he naturally regrets the t primitive virtues and sterling worth of Eew;tt's 0 Msills before it became fashionable Fort-Hill. 0o Ie bears a grudge against the new name, o alwaoys rankling like a thorn in the hand. ir Uncle Ebcn is an antiquated spinner of long n local yarns, one of tihe few left in the country. n Th omill stands onthe river bank, just where the stream opens ilnto a little cove with thick shadowy trees. A covered bridge crosees theu iriver at this point, and there is a miniature island, feathered all over with the light leafago e of the silver birch. 0 My young friend, Mary Jane, was staving 7 last summer at Fort Hill, and wherever Mary 0 Jano goes she makes acquaintance with the \- labouring folk, with children, aud.dogs. lHer . friends laugh at her for discovering so many e roemarkable people entirely unknown to famue. I lBut lMary Jane is not to be deterred in her <1 favourite pursuit of character study by ill d tiuted ridicule. It is not surprising, thereforee that she was often found seated on the stone de bench by the mill door engaged in friendly d lchat with Uncle Ebou, whom she considered a one of the most itereesting men sho had oever it met. The machinery was hummuing inside the K old mill and making it shako. The grain d poured down the hopporin a heavy stream, and ts the water swished and swirled about the *, big wheel. The miller was floury up to his thick eyebrows, where the meal hung like wreaths of apow on a penthouse roof. and the warm tints of his skin shone not unhandsomely through the powder. The talk that day turned on ghosts and suernatual app es, and, n Ioeleo Sendilsclairned es f to g s s-" e auuic; ti was led- on by the insinuating Midy 'nuo to Srelate the following little story otitof his own I e:porience: a "Spooks are all moanshine," said Uncleo a Eboeu, squaring his elbows, "but I will allow Sthat curious things happen to some folks, Sthings that can't be accounted for on what we call natural principles. There was my fatlher in-law Meadows, a hard-headed, practical maln, sound as a nut until lie got a bad bilow and Sbeganto break. Everybody took his judgment on land purchase and cat:le at if it ihad been I law, and he arlbitrated a great number of dis. r putes and made the climax rather bad for Slawyers in these parts. tHe was trustee and a exoeoutor for quite at number of large estates, Sanud folks often took his word without a acraitch of the pen to show for the money they put into his hands. He was as straight a man, if I do say it, as I over know. Not much to look at, was father-in-law Meadows, niot a ihand0ome man, but be was the making of this township. He built bridges, laid out a number of new roads as town sur a veyor, and he was school trustee and deacon a of the first church. He hiad pi anmazing big. a familyof children, thirneen all told. Two of e them diedyoungof black measles, so I have Sheard my wife tell, but most of them grew- up f to be a credit to the town-to Hewitt's Mille, 'as it was then called, and, as by right, it should be called now. And there was thdeboy a Eli, the youngest. His heart was set on him; Y the little Benfamin, and the old Israel \- Meadows loved his bestand couldn't bear to have him out of his sight. t " A eloae-mouthed man he was. ITHe and I I was pretty intlimate. Wo've often walked over the land an hour or two at a time and inOL spoke a word. Never was a nan that had so little e nonsense about hiRe as old Israel, and that's a what makes thie queer thing that happenied to t him all thequeerer. I have never beern able to come to any reasonable conclusion about It, though it happened just as I nm going to relate. You see. Miss, as I was saying, tlhis boy Eli was " the apple of his eye. a quick, bright, laughing boy, suimble as a squirrel, and mtade friends all up and down the road. Ho favoured his v mother's family, and was fair complected, with a Ight hair, while most of the Meadowses are 1 dark and swarthy. Whenl the war broke out. Eli was just tuirned eighteen. Part of the 3Fourteenthi Infantry was recruited in this town. There was a great excitement, and Eli caught the war fever, and before we hald ani inkling of it ie 'listed and was umarched off to the front. The old man took on had. It was Spitiable to see him, for it was the first thling that began to break hitn up. He tried hard to a get the boy back by paying for a substitute. f 'I'Though he was caumited a close man end nats. s rally fond of money, he would have given half r lie was wvorth. But Eli was infantuated with soldiering, and it wasn't any good. The old manl had been an early abolitionist and all for 3 the war until be got that blow, and thoen the crows came antd roosted right on his riigepo'e and croaked dlay and niglit; Eli wrote cheerful r letters to hiis father, and bthe old man carried Sthem round in his nacket until they were lillf I worn, had some of them letters son hin the day 0 he died, when he fell down suddten in. un ape. plectic fit. Eli wrote just as he talked. Ile Shad the gift of gab, and such a knack of turn. ing the beat side out lie could mako you think Sblack was white. They were going to beat the Srobs out and out, and it was all hurrah boys, and he would be made a colonel before the war ended. They did make him a sergeant and colour-bearer, and that was some comtfort to the old man. But I noticed his hand shlook I when he wetnt to sign his name, and he got a bad colour, a yellowish white, with pulty dark Srings uinder the eyes, and his breath cameo I short whenhe walked. " So things wore along till the fall of the year '12, about the time the reobe began to move 1 north. Eli's regiment was snderM Clellau. He Shad a great fondness for his general, and was always writing home that little Mae wais the biguest man in the army. Now, I am going to tell yol of the strange thing that haplpened to father-in-law. It was before any nlews of the battle oLAntietam had reached out here, the morning-of the any the battle was foughlt. I know it was in the early fall, before the corn was nut. My father'in-law had a big liece of land ini corn that year, and it had done remark. ably well. That corntield is non part of wliat they call Gilchrist Park. Next to it on the north was a piece of woods, most chestnut and young nah, and adjoinsti on tbo went was a large, smooth medder. The cattle had been turned into that medderfor the fall feed, and father-in-las he walked out there that morn itg early to look to the femcees, for .the black' bull hilad been turtied ini sith the Ilerd, and lie was a viciouss animsil. Nosy, as near as I could gather from what the old man let drop, for I neverdared to ituestion him close about it, it happened in this way: Father- in-law hiid got to the medder, half way to the cornfield. wlteni he woe surprised to hear a confused noisi over south, coming up, an he thouehto on the wind. But there was uo wind. The sir ics a'dead calm, not a leaf stirred. Ths sky was slightly overcast and temperatiure warmish, with a smell of dying leaves. sIther-in-law he saood stock still, and he strained his ear to listen. There was a loud roarinlg far ofs down the valley, like , river ii flood, and then it came nearer asd broke into a volley of misketry, anid then a boosim of cannon that shook the ground, and sharp lissing. f shells as they burst and sputteret ins the isir. and then a coo fused crying and sholting and groaning, and mi rush of horses' feet th'tt seemed to come tearing through that piece of woods; and father-in-law-a cold s1est had .brohe out frosmevery pore, foi the.<ld.mahn while he heanrd thise tumult. could ase nothing but tie medder and enrnlield, and the quiet land. lie wos struck all aback anid his knees crooked under him, and he fell full length on the ground, and before he lost consciousness he thought he heard Eli's voice calling 'water.' in a distressed, faint way, a gasp-like, end- it seemed to come from the woods, not more than ten rodo off. " I don't-know how the old man got on his legs and made his way home, bit he held him self etmight whhnit he came in at the door. though his face was like ashes. and his eyes set nit stnaing. lIe stood still for a minute, aunt then kind of clutched at the back of a chariraid stumbled forward. Says he, M'other, pack me a bag ivith things I shall need for a week or more, and get money out of the tap drawer, the one I keep locked. Here it the key.' "' What's the meaning of this, Israel?' save mother, scared siid tremblitig. * You look ss'if h oi could be knocked down with a feather. Have eou had bad nows?' "'Yes, had eniigh. But don't stop to talk. Didn't I tell you there'd been a battle?' o A battlet' gasped mother. * Wherowasit foug~t I' "'I don't know,' said the old man, dezeid like, puttitig his hand up to his bead, bhut I q shall find oit it the road. Eli is woisnded mobbo he' dead by this time.' Then his voice t falletd. "*Israel Meadows,' said mother, standing eight up to him-and ntis wne a timid woman. "there hasii't been news of no lattle or I should have heard it, and I solemnly do thIink I you have gone crazy.' "Thsen the old man seas mad, I can tell you, a and he made thilnigs hum, for he was always t mester in Isis own houso, and in less than nisi f an hour that bag wne packed and the old mare t railtied, and fatliher-in-law had taken Isis t11 rout anil was climbing inito the saidle to ride to l)igby Station, seven miles away. the nearest to us thsen, before the railroad was carried through. Mother had never sen, him look so steni assd liaggurd and uniintural. She ws kinid of aw-. struck en she watched him ride away down the road. But bofors.father-isi-law got to Bigby it was known up here at the Mills that p tho great battle of Antietam was in progress. t, Tell, I can't tell you just how the old man su found .1. esnoeer would talk much about p It-; bat hs went round the battle field for boors e searching among the dead, with only oneu thought in his mind, and at last he came on the body in a little piece of woods, among the hsahtes, close to asmall sprinpg of sweet water. The poor boy had tried to crarwl to the water, but his breast was shot off and it was no good. You know, the old man thought he heard that cry coming out of the woods of ' Water! water ' Think how he felt when he found him there, close on to the spring..but 'not within reach. But his faco in the collin was the peace fullest I 'most over saw. They say them that die of gun-shot wounds mostly do look haippy. Weoll, Eli, in them last moments, had got out somno way a Testament ihe carried in his poclrot. It was onelo his mother gave to him, endit was burntand blackwith powder; but there was partof a blank leaf loft and with a little stub of pencil gripped in his fingers he had scrawled the words. Father, don't-' that was all 'Fathcr, don't'-just enough to show he was thinking of the old oran and his grief tihe moment he died, and wishing to comforthim. "Father-in-law brought him home and buried him in the mowing lot closeto that pioco of woods where he had heard the roar ofbattle that was taking place over 50iU milts away. He let drop a little of what had happened now and then, until we could piece it together pretty much as I have told you. But we don't none of us try to explain it, and we can't but believo there was some reality in it, seeing the straight man father-in-law was, lie was broke up bad by it-changed so you would hardly have known him. Ie stooped, and his head shook, and he seemned to lose his judgment-forgot things terrible, and went round talking to rim. self. lie had to put most of his business affairs out of his hands, and seemned to lose interest in what was going on: dildn't even read the hews pavers; but he grew uneasy and discontented. Nobody overtlrought then that the original old iMeadows' place, centro of all the Moehdowses in this townshipl, where he was born and bred, and his father before him, would ever go out of the family. Buta strange restlessless grew on tihe old man, though he had his faculties well enough, too. "uOne day, soon after tihe railroad was opened through to the mills, he went down to the city alone and called on a real estate agent, and put the old farm in his hands. But he set such a big figger on the land the agent laughed in his face. ' Why,' saveys he, ' Mr. Meadows, I don't believe you want to sell your farm.' "' Iebbo I don't,' says thle, old man, curt enough,'but I'll let it go at that figger, as I not acent less.' entfador w a 1 int nd forrtv wa bbuinnirg to fail, but he seemed rmuch mne ,contented aft. r that, rand I don't s'pose he over had a notion tihe place would be sold. So three years or mnore went by. rad the family know not a breath about it, tlhough real estate epecu laters had been nifling round and iqrniring the price of land. The lthree unmarried onarloews girls were home that summer-oall dead now. They were remarkable women, all cllerated for the strength of their intellect. One kep' school, and another was a writer, Almira fosdrlows-mebbe you've heard of her. She, wise pretty famous, and wrote a book on Second Advent principles, called The Last Trutmp.' But that don't matter. The three girls were all to home that summer, and were enjoying thremselves well. 'T'hey loved every stick unu stone and bush on the old farm, and they were women of strong feelinugs. One morning tiere cameo a letter fromn the agent in Now York, the old farr. was sold. If a thnrrderbslt his fallen out of a clear sky it coultdn't ihave shook that family up worse, and when fatherin-lraw was spoke to nabout itshi wris struck all in ia heap. Iarving put such a big price onr the fermu hei had felt just air safe as if he d 'beenin a ihornb-proof. And now the old plile was gone for ai pile of money. He wouldn't plead a trord of excuse, but sat haunched over ard all drawn into himseiilf while the women folks took on,. ' 'We soon found out that Banter Gilehrist was the purcraser. I guess the women folks put their heads togelther to try and work on the banker's feelings, for they wrote and invited him to come out and visit the farm. And Mother Meadows was a famousgood cook, no better arywhere. So she laid herself out to get rip a tea that would move any maniwhose soirEibilities could bre reached through the stomach. Such wafflos and honey anrd light biscuit it does me good to think of. Well, the banker came. and he was polite and plausible and smooth as oil, as he always is. Could see your face in his hat. They had managed, as they thought, to get the old man' off to town, but he must have suspected sonmething, and when they were all sitting down at table, the women folks with tears in their eyes began to beg Gilchrist simultaneous to givo up the bar. gain and not insist on taking the old arm and the grave of their dead, moaning Eli. 0G1 christ is shrewd and sharp enough, I'll war rant, but when this onset was made he was completely thrown oilff his balance, and he had begun a very polite speech to the tearful old woman and her girls, saying tihe sale was all fair and square, but of course if the old man was not quite himself, broke down with trouble or otherwise imluaired-he had just got to that point when the old man walked in, straight as a die, and with his eye burning like a live coal is his head, and he stalked to the head of the table and ire stood there solemn, frowning awfuli on tihe women folks, and says he. 'Banker Gilchrnst, the sale was fair and square, legal in all particulars, and the farm is yours,' and he brought down his fiat 'with a great thump on the table. 'Don't you listen to a passel of women when it's toe you've got to de1l with. I don't say but I've been foolish, but now I've passed my word, and by the Eternal it shall stand. If I had promised the heart out of my body you should have it, for I never passed my word yet that I did not keep it, arnd I never will.' " And nothing would do but the old man must have pen and ink that very minute and sign the deed. Well. that's the way Hewitt's Mill became Fort Hill.. The old name wasn't stylish enough for the rich city folks. Gil christ he bought right and left, and made his big park, and capitalists came in and investedt hand over fist, and you can see what's came of it, Miss-a place for style that beats any on the railroad. "But I must tell you about the old man. After the farm was sold he went down pretty fast. and at times appeared to be slightly un balanced. One day sust before the family moved out, we missed him for a good many hours, and I made a sonrch and found him up at Eli's gravoin the madder, close to the wooed. it was the spring of the year, and the birds were sinsing. And what do you think the old man had been doing ? Why, he had carried a spade and crowbar, and had dugup the collun and had pried it up out of the grave by main strength. And there he sat by it, now with his hat off, leaning his head on tte coffin lid, his tong, grey hair flowing in the wind. He had always been such a strong man, I was sorry to see himabroke like that, so I went up aeilly and put my hand on his shoulder. 'Oh,' says he, * Eben, is that yoa 1? Yao see I couldn't leave the boy here on the Gil christ place, and it has occurred to nme that I hain't gut a foot of land of my own where Ican lay him.' "' WVhat!' rays I. making believe surprised, 'when you are a rich malt and sold the farm at such a big figger.'. "' No,' says he with a sigh, " not a foot of ground I carl call my own.' "'Well,fatlter~inlrraw.' says I. after I had studied on it alittle, ' I'll take Eliand bury him oni my own islte, and I proirise you he sha'n't be moved while Ilive.' And so I tirl, and that's onre reason why there'll be Irewitte hero for a goot while to come. Ishall fix it in my will that that grave isn't to be sold out of the family. What became of the old man, did you ask? Oh, he died before long-dropped down in a fit-rind never knew what hurt him, and the woman.nre all dead and gorte, all but my, wife, and she's hearty, thank God.-licl York Fintres. 