Here, There, aud Everywhere. If one were asked, says a correspondent of the-1 Leeds ^rlcrcury', to guess the name of the person who was least likely to turn agriculture to profitable Recount, one would lie tempted to BUggest that of tlie Poet Laureate. On the west Bide of the Isle of Wight milk carts may be frequently met bearing the name and style of 'Alfred, Lord TennyKin.' What op opeuine the 'New Timon' would have had if be had survived to these times I AocoBnmo to the 'New York Herald' the Prince of Wales faas a trick which to strangers is Bomewhat disconcerting. AIjuui. i once in every minute and half the lid of the righteye dropscoinplotelyovcr the ball. The eye remains dosed for the space of about a second, and then suddenly opens again to iu Xallest extent, no other feature of the face having moved meanwhile. People who see the Prince for the first time are tempted to believe thilt lie is deliberately winking at them. It sometimes has the effect of causiug the persons who are either talking to him or listening to his conversation to start off blinking in response especially when they happen to be people of nervous tempera ment ; and the spectacle of the two gravely winking at one another every minute or two is not without its humorous features. The following good story is told of John Bums : — ' At a meeting Burns addressed a little while ago he happened to be wearing a new suit of clothes, and this seemB to have caught the attention of use of the audience, who did not altogether credit John's disin terestedness, and suddenly in the ruidBt of his speech he interpolated a question as to the origin of such 'store clothes,' aa the Americans would term them. Tlie audience were indignant, but Burns having quieted them, turned to bis questioner and ex plained that he did not buy them at ill. When his counterfeit presentment was re cently added to the Tussaud collection the management, with a characteristic penchant for realism, asked him what he would take for one of hio suits of clothes. Now he had . but one in the world, and that wnBvery shabby, so a bargain was struck that Tub sauds should replace it, with a new suit. ' And that,1 lie continued, ' web how I came by it!' Tee ' Shennoa1 ft vernacular nera|-r.pur published iu. North China, gives currency to the following otory :— A Singapore China man, with an assistant, kept a grocery store . in one of the straits Settlements. Lately, after heavy night's rain, tho Chinaman, finding the momiug air to be damp »nJ cold, attempted to pull the bed covering over him, but. fultittobeunusually weighty. Tugging at it with much force it did not yield, and on taking -t look at it to hisgrrat horror ha perceived a groat snake coiled on it at the foot of the quilt The reptile dkl not stir, aud iu a loud whisper the assistant iv:ib summoned, and together they uiadf ft running noose with a piece of pliant nttun aud safely slipped it around the nuak«l neck. Then attaching two ntout. nipis to the two ends of the noose tho two busnn ro haul away, tightening the noose at uvery pull. The struggle, though 'unequal, was n. severe one. Crockery utensils, paukngt'B if teaB, ginger preserves, barrels of flour, and all other articles within reach of the simti-'e tail was smashed tir sent Hying ul cut the room ; but tlie aunke gave up thn ghost. Thu monster measured 12ft. in length, ant over 2ft. in circumference. The Chinaman, aa far as his store is concerned, is utterly bankrupt, and the last we lmvcheard of him wns his intention to goiuto the suuke latch itig business. 