An Australian Lady ON HER TRAVELS. ' ENGLAND. : '' Christmas ia on us, with its London fogs, its panto- mimes, its bills, everyone hurrying away, to the coun- try and its joys of skating, hunting, and shooting. The other day we were at Reading, and while we roasted chestnuts on the hob one wintry .hight the gas was turned down till nothing but wavering shadows could be seen, and someone proposed that we should each tell a ghost story. DREAMS FOLLOWED, and one lady related the following, which she de- clared was her own personal experience "We were in Paris" she said, "last summer,"staying at the hotel, the night was very warm, andi could not sleep. At last I arose, drew aside the curtain, and looked out into the night. The moon was shining brightly, and I saw a heavy vehicle drive into the courtyard down below. It rumbled slowly > round the enclosure, and as I gazed I saw to my horror that it was a hearse. As it passed below my window1 the driver turned his head and looked me full in the face. I went back to bed, fell asleep,, but could not get the thought of that dark face out of my head. It mingled with my dreams, and in the morning I told several persons of what I had seen. We returned to London soon^ afterwards, stopped at. the-Hotel, and several of us were just stepping into the lift to go up to our rooms when I suddenly saw in the conductor of this lift the very, same face that had looked at me from the hearse in Paris that night. I hurriedly told my husband, adding that nothing would induce me to go up in that man's company. He laughed, and walked with me up the. stairs. The next minute there was a fearful crash, an awful acci- dent had happened, and every one of all those who had gone up in the lift was killed." A PAUSE. Someone remarked that the chestnuts were burn- ing, and we were soon talking of cheerful subjeots again. The next morning we went over the remains of the old Abbey, the walls being very beautiful, and some of the archways perfect, though it was founded as long agp as 979. The Abbot of Beading used to have the power of coining money, and was altogether a very great man. There is a legend that one of the Henrys stayed here on the occasion that he knighted the well-known joint Sir Loin. In a recess is shown an ancient stone coffin where. he, the Xing, was buried. I believe he died from eating too many of those seductive fish called lampreys ; but perhaps he was another-the Henrys berner always rather a puzzle to me-and my English history is remote. CAMBRIDGE was our last excursion from London. We went all over the various colleges, saw the curious Bound Church, and the even more curious mill of Chaucer. The old bankin the town is a quaint and picturesque building of Elizabethan design. Never was there a less business-like looking bank-^-outside at any rate. Inside the doors all that goes on is prosaic enough. Some of the houses round Cambridge are very old, and most beautiful. Anstey : Hall is a lovely old Queen Anne place, with grand trees and fields in the 1 distance, and Alderney cows, and all that makes life worth living in happy England. Here we met several friends and relations of Sydney and Victorian friends, all of whom took a warm interest in hearing of their beloved ones in far off Australia. We have had a real "WHITE CHRISTMAS, and were glad to get out of the thick fogs in London to the joys of the dear old country house at Fyfield, where we were all invited to.stay. " Train not so late in starting after all," said Jack. "Only 5 minutes after the time, and considering the dark day and Christmas holidays." " Beg your pardon," in- terrupted a jolly looking old gentleman, " but which train do you think you've caught." " The 2.35 to Windsor of course?" "Not so, my young friend, , this is the 1.40 train to Windsor-or should be-and it is now 20 minutes to 3. The 2.35 will start at 4 at the earliest." "All the better for us," laughed Mips Sydney, " we shall be in good time," and we were. Our host met us with his drag and fine team. We mounted to our seats, and were off. WhaL a glorious drive that was, and who cared if noses got red and faces blue with the intense cold. Through old Windsor, along tho country roads and lanes we drove merrily, jollily as we felt-treeB, grass, houses, everything covered with the white glittering hoar frost, each little branch and twig standing out stiff and frozen like white coral. "If this only lasts till to- morrow we shall have some good skating," said our host. And, lo, in the morning when we arose the frost was harder than ever, and needless to say there was put- ting on of furs, strapping on of skates, and in a few minutes we were ON THE ICE. \f The moat at tho foot of the lawn being frozen to tho ; depth of six inches of ice, and the frost being 23 de . grees, we got on very well-all of us, the roller " skate praotice of Sydney, perhaps, giving us more courage to try. In about an hour we wore all delight- fully warm, and were quite sorry to go into the house even for breakfast. Before this, though, there was a search for the presents which we were told were hidden all over the house. Such a hunt as began immediately along corridors, in the hall, behind pictures, everywhere, anywhere. t We discovered various white paper parcels of various sizes, some being only " dummy pieces of stone or paper neatly put up to deceive the unwary, but in the end it was found that every one had presents, all pretty, and useful too. Before we had finished finding the last the bells were ringing, and it was time to be getting ready for ohuroh. What a walk that was aoross the frozen fields. What a joyful service, and what a jovial return. MORE SKATING in the afternoon, followed by tea on the ice, the banks of the "moat" being lit up with colored lamps and candles in the prettiest way. Cold ? Not a bit of it. The skating put us all in a glow, which not even the ice oould freeze. Everything was wonderfully still, not a movement in a twig or blade of grass ; even the lights did not flicker, but burnt with a wink to the last. After dinner (and such a dinner and suoh appetites'to enjoy it too) we were invited to fire a volley. Bonbon orackers were handed round, we crossed hands as the Scotchmen do in singing "Auld Lang Syne," only that in each hand was a bonbon, each end being held by different guests. Then our host gave a sentiment -the time-honored " Absent Friends "--and Fire !" Every cracker was pulled at the same moment. Then followed " To the One We Each Love Best," and many others. After dinner, some of the village hand- bell ringers gave us a performance. The mummers were excellent also. A dance in the hall (" Sir Roger " himself) was the next event ; and sundry other entertainments under the mistletoe bough wound up the jolliest Christmas we have ever spent. 