J- ' DREAM-POETRY. j. THE MUSE IN SLEEP. Uffc;- . ..... ' Strange Verse in Slumber- 5 . j Written in Waking Moments— Fleet- jlri : ing Fragments— Heroic 'I Nonsense. ' — I . Nowadays, the world begins to concede that . what I call Myself, and writo down in the y singular number, is not so simple a unit as i wo were wont to sunnose. It is not only in v' -insane, hysteric, or hypnotio patients that "Hidden Selves" are developed; every 1 . man in his normal statc is known to consist ? of many beings. The Mysolf that answers i to my name looks after my uffuirs, and j- becoming weary in so doing lies down at : night, arid is lost in sleep, is only one of the J many activities that belong to my organisa- s: tion. /The Cuntrnlself that my weariness i puts to Bleep, and that I considor my person j ality, owes a vast amount of his powors ' to certain Undorselves, who remain alive ; and active whother he sleeps or wakes, who j . know their business woll, and go about ; it with' a conscientious vigor that needs ! no supervision. Many of my most im- ; portaiit physical and mental processos are carried on by thorn without a directing thought from tho Centralseif. In their '/ charge are all my necessary vital functions, and all my accustomed actions. They keep my heart beating, they breathe for me, they generally cat and drink and walk for me ; they avoid blows and go around obstacles or inequalities in my path, while my mind, my Centralseif, is absorbed in some train of thought that has no connection with those processes. They also may be taught to knit, to perform difficult pieces on the . piano, and oven to read aloud, to write, to talk, or to add columns of figures in the way that we call mechanical, and entirely with out any help from the Centralseif. And -still the list of their accomplishments is not ended. Tho Underselvos (says a writer in Sgrib- ner's) are capable of higher and more in telligent work, which wo cannot call me chanical, unless in the broadest sense of the word. They store up many memories of which the Centralseif has no knowledge, and they sometimes show a greater ability for reasoning and planning than their self- conscious master. We have all tried in vain to recall some name, date or fact, and finally given np in despair, and gono to other matters. Then, suddenly, after our Central- self has apparently forgotten all about the inquiry, tho object sought has been quietly laid before our consciousness, brought there by some brain power that, like a keen hound, has kept straight along the scent after his master had abandoned it as hopoloss. Not only are memories thus brought to light, but the results of long trains of reasoning, the inferences which should have been drawn from arguments or facts, but which all effort had failed to reveal to our consciousness — nay, even important scientific discoveries have been given to as in the same mysterious way. In fact, all the phenomena that are generally referred to unconscious cerebra tion we owo to the Undersolves. jnow or an tno ways m wtncti tne unaer- selves manifest their power, there is pro bably none moro important or more intcrcst- " fng than dreaming. Here the Undersolves ore the "little people" who take charge of our dreams. It is thus that Kobert Louis Stovonaon calls them in his charming Chapter on Dreams," and he, being a wonderful dreamer, gives many examples of the activity and skill of his "little people." ThesodreamUndorselvesuro quaint a/id spor tive folk, and though they often act the bene ficent fairy and enchant us with glimpses of moro than mortal pleasure, they are given to many ubsurd pranks and cruel practical jokes. They are sometimes physically strong enough to lead the unconscious sleoper from his warm bed out into tho cold and darkness of the night, whero he may awake shivering to find himself crossing an unsafe bridge, or on the vorge of some dizzy height. In this class of their per formances, which men call somnambulism, tho "little people" have been known to go even farther, leading the dreamer on to death, and thus becoming actual mur derers, or rather, suicides. Luckily it is rare that they have this physical power. A much happier way in which they manifest their strength is in mental feats. Here the ".littlo people " have shown a rare ability, and here they deserve our greatest rospect. There seem to be, among those dream Underselvcs, literary and scientific goniuscs, skilful mathematicians, philosophers, artists, musicians and even poets. the dlleam-l'oet has too long been nameless and fumeless, and it is especially to him and his poems that we wish to call attention. As it is entirely for his honor aud glory that this article is written, ho shall horeafter be for . us the Underself. We ore all moro or less familiar with the idea of dream-verses. Everyono has read Coleridge's dream- poem "Kubla Khan," or has noticed the bits purporting to be dream-poetry that from time to time appear in the newspapors, or, best of all, lias himself dreamed poetry. There are few among those that recogniso poetry as one of tho pleasures of life, who have not carried that pleasure into their dreams — who have not at some time dreamed of reading or composing poetry. Wo call this poetry, because wo wish to look at it from within, from the standpoint of the Underself, rather than that of tho unprejudiced critic, who socs it only in tho glaro of daylight, and who, therefore, may consider this production of the unconscious muso as worthy of no bettor name than rhyme or doggerel. We (and this wo is not editorial, but refers to a smalt circle who have for a number of years been much interested in dream-poetry)— we, because . ' tho Underself often sings to us, liavo always I been firm believers in his inspiration. He and the othor " little peoplo " have brought to us many vivid dreams of ull kinds, and hq himself has treated us to much poetry — sublime, pathetic, or comic. For a long time we bad never remom- bercd more of these dreams than the pleasure that tho poetry had given ns. Tho poem itself hud not materialised, for, though on first awaking we frequently retained some idea of the words, it never occurred to us to write them down immediately, and an additional nap or another train of thought was always suf ficient to diBpol them from our minds. Ono day, however, the admiration which wo chorished for dream poems received a rude shock. It was on hearing the ex perience of a gentleman, who had on two occasions urison during the night to record first a short speech and then a verse thai scemod to hiin, in his dreams, almost inspired in their eloquence. The speech was, in tho dream, made by the liost of a small evening entertainment, when inviting the guests to cntor tho supper- room. Tho dreamer awoke, wondering at the charming and appropriate words of this gentleman, whom he had novcr thought eapablo of such an intellectual effort. But as ho recovered his full consciousness tho elegant nnd witty nddress resolved itself into tho following jargon : " Respectable people, theologicalstudonts, and others ate moro previous than anything else, assisted by "I blacksmiths." The verse Liu recorded was heard in a dream, in which he saw two opposing railway trains on a single track, dash into eaah other at full speed. As they mot with a foarful crash, these thrilling words re sounded through the air : Through all my futuro hfo a blazo Eccentric ns a conu of rays. -Immediately on hearing these dream- products, we were firod with a desiro to emulate this gentleman's example — to look straight into tho face of that poetry which charmed us in our dreams. To this end wo resolved to jot down im mediately any fragment of tho Undorsolf's composition that we might romember. As he has given us very little prose, tho result of our efforts during the last 10 or 12 years has been chiefly poems or frag ments of poems ; the ' odds and ends of dream-verse. These we have been on tho alert to catch, though ii has not been an onsy task. It has generally dotnanded the exer cise of great will-power, frequently of moro than was possiblo for tho half-awake dreamer. For tho peculiarity of dream- poetry is that it fades rapidly from the memory. No mattor how brief tho frag ment is, no matter how vividly it is recalled on first awaking, or how many times the dreamer recites it over and over, and re solves to remember it, let him 'go to sleep again, or let his mir.d wander to other things, and the words are lost forover. Coleridge hud this experience with his "Kubla Khan." On awaking he remem bered, lie says, two or three hundred lines that had come to him in his drcuin. When ho had written down the 54 lines that are preserved, " a person with business from Pollock interrupted him and detained hint for over an hour, aud when he tried afterwards to write the rest of his dream-poem ho found It hopelessly gono. Since wo have found any delay to bo fatal it has become a point of honor that when ever we awake with any fragment of dream- poetry in our clutches wo shall rise imme diately and write it down, no matter how cold and dark the night. Often wo have scratched it down with eyes shut and senses so affected by steep that even tho prosaic act of writing could not dispel the glamour, ami we would go back to sleep believing that at last we had captured from tho Underself a real treasure. But the result was always the same. With daylight tho charm vanished. For without meaning wo have found it almost invariably. Though it is often fine in sound and perfect in rhyme and metro, there is no escaping from tho fact that to the waking mind it seldom conveys more than tho ghost of an idea. It has not enough sequence for one verse to suggest tho noxt.-and it is probably only by reason of its rhyme and metre that we could grasp the smallest fragment firmly enough to drag it into she light of day. Even "Kubla Khan," which is more of a poem than anything our less talented Uudcrselves have to offer, has, in common with all the dream- versos that are known to bo authen tic, a strong flavor of the incongruous. Tho newspaper dream poems that we occa sionally Bee a?o probably so remodelled iu tho remembering, that they represent just about what the dreamer would write with his eyes open. Thoir gontie mediocrity loads us to doubt tbeir authen ticity, for, in our experience of them, tho Undersells poems may have all other faults sooner titan correct tamenass. There are several ways of remembering dream-poetry. Ono may recall only its words, without their dream- meaning; or, ono may remember the thought expressed in the poem, but not the dream- words, or occasionally one retnembors both the words and the idea they conveyed to tho dreamer. It is very poculiat that in this last case, which is the only one where they can be compared, the ideas and the words seldom agreo. This makes it clear that if, on waking, we give a correct poetical expression to die thought of the dream-poem, the words aro likely to uu uur own iwiu not tnoso or rue undersell. In our specimens we have retained the Undcrself's exact words ; but such may-hot be the dream-poems published by Miss Francos Power Cobbo, and those dreamed by Mrs. Kingsford. These have, however, in spite of tiieir length and correctness, Borno of tho qualities that we have found to be common in truo dream-poetry. In her article on "Dreams," published in Magmillan's some years ago, Miss Cobbo gives two dream poems. One.of these is in French, though tho lady who dreamed it believed herself unable, to write poetry in French ; and this fact seems to provo it to be in the Undcrself's words. -Like "Kubla Khan," it was dreamed under the influence of a narcotic, and it has the impreBsiveness so characteristic of tho dreams produced by opiates, and so fre quently found in dream-poetry generally. There are 11 vor3os, of which tho two open ing ones will give a good idea : — Co matin du hnut do I'ancionno tourelle J'ucoutais la voix do la sontincllc, Qui criait A coux qui passaiont 14-bas A travors lo pont, ' Dis, qui va 14 ? ' " Et toutcs ics ruponsos, si pleinos d'espoir, Reinplirent mon ciuur d'un vague offroi, Car lo chagrin est d l'espoir lo fruit Et lo suit, commoau joursuit la sombre nuit. This and the other poem that Miss Cobbo published appeared to the dreamer, like almost all the dream-poems wo know, as a combination of a poem aDd a vision. Mrs. Anna Kingsford has published a whole volume of her "Dreams and Dream Stories," among which aro a number of her droam-pocms. One of these is called "Through the Ages," and deals with metempsychosis. It is probably tho longest of all dream-poems, consisting of eighty lines. Its beginning is suggestive of that of tho Bubaiyiit : Wako, tliou that slcopo9t 1 Soul, awake I Thy light is come, arise and shine 1 For darkness melts and dawn divine Doth from the holy Orient break. Swift darting down tho shadowy ways And misty deeps of unborn. Time, God's light, God's day, whoso porfeot printo Is as the light of soven days. Here is another fragment from Mrs. Kingsford's collection ; A jarring note, a chord amiss, The music's sweeter after, Like wrangling ended with a kiss, Or tears with silver laughter. Tho high Gods liavo no joys liko theso So sweet in human story, No tempest rends their tranquil seaB Beyond tho sunset's glory. Then there aro othors, " With the Gods," "Signs of tho times," and fragments, all of which arc quite connected and quite unliko tho hits we liavo brought from dreamland, except in their general elevation of sub ject. Tho Underself prefers lofty subjects, and seems always to aim at some unusually striking effect ; in fact, ho has a marked tendency toward bombast. In his most disconnected spccimons there is gene rally a suggestion of vast possibilities oi humor, beauty, or grandeur, a hint of bril liant but unioeussod ideas. They scorn a kind of poetry in solution — something that wo feci might astonish tho world, if we could only present it in a settled, organised form. It sooms to bo what somo of Brown ing's verso is to tho uninitiated. In fact, we once, as an experiment, put ono of tho Underself's verses among soma selected extracts from Browning, and defied a literary club who woro discussing his pootry, to distinguish tho dream-poetry from tho genuine Browning. This is the dream- poetry : Enriched within tiio roseB' primo, Blossomed, alas, from time to time, Endured from day to day. This has, in common with most droam- pocms, such an air of plausibility that it is easy to soo why tho club failed to con vict it as an imposturo. After the samo order as tho last is the following enigma, which was pregnant with thought to the Underself, though our waking sensos have never yot found its solution : Believed by all, inspired by nono, By nature nor by art begun. And here is a verso that the UnderBolf put forth as n very beautiful description of the approach of winter : Dull Autumn waves hor soxloss hands, And saddens nil their morning graces, And throws white veils upon thoir hoads, And dims tho shining of tiieir fncos. The next is from a poem that was thought in the drcant to paint tho glory of dawn with a magic that mndo all former descrip tions pale and lifeless : Thus tho white liorso, plumed with the rising morn, Comes rushing fortli to animate tho dawn, Tho following is the longest of the Underself's poems that wo have been able to kocp. It is very pathetic, and tho dreamer awoko from it almost in tears: Out in tho Btm nnd tho wind together, I Mary and John wqro growing old ; Thoro wlion tho birds wero in full feather, Sho gathered eggs whilo the sod years rolled. Thcro, in tho brightest and darkest weather, Ho pruned tho trees, till his lmnds grewoold. Out in tho wind and tho rain together, Mary and John woro growing old. Still ns tho days passed, hither and thither Wandered thoy, nearing Death's silent fold. Now though trees bloom and all birds in feather, Sloop thoy together 'noath wakening mould. Besides being longer, this dream-poem is more connoctcd than most of our specimens. But hasn't it a familiar sound— as if wo had heard it or something like it beforo 1 This dim sense of familiarity is not uncommon with dream-poetry, and this, and tho fact that wo are much more apt to dream poetry after rending poetry, suggest that the Underself may bo something of u plagiarist, and that much of his com position is only a faint and confused echo of something we have heard when awake. This is eminently the case with tho following heroic lines : Up, up, with a shout into Clavering .Hall, Mount, mount, with tho guards and tho myr midons all. And these : He foil, and in an ineli exclaimed, " Thoro's castles in the air." Those last, and tho following lines, seem to be not only echoes, but actual parodies on something else, A title is drunk and the clarion is rung, The long wire pulling the short wire's tongue. All these seem so absurd in the com monplace light of day, that it is not easy to realise how we were affected by them. Yet it is truo that wo atyoke thrilled by thoir eloquence ; thoy touchod feelings too deep for expression ; to the dreamer all their mock-heroics wero real, and all their tinsel was puro gold. For the sotting of dream-poems is oiten superb, and they fro- quoutly seem to crown somo magnificent climax, being pealed out iu grand organ tones, or written on the sky in letters of light. For instance, one of us dreamed of a lordly castle that had in one of its balls a famous old oak beam, whose history seemed to ring through the air, a la " Excelsior," thus : — When freedom from her mountain height Gave challenge bold and rare, Fitz- Allen to Ulan Estes gave This oak to do and dare. Its flame with crimson, creaming light, Went climbing mountains high, And burning banners blazing bright, Lit echoes in tho sky. Hero we have in this last verse some thing very creditable to tho Underself, as it was dreamed by a person who had scarcely ever in his life tried to make a rhyme. Tho UnderBelf frequently gets into a tragic mood. Hero is a bit that ho intended for tragedy, though the daylight rather lightens its gloom : He laughed below stairs, As I knelt at my praybrs, And I thought more of htm than of God. And again the Underself attempted tragedy iu a poetic dream, which told tho woful story of a deserted maiden, a who waited sadly for the lover that never camc. As this dream-maiden gazed into the mirror from timo to timo sho sorrowed over her gradual loss of beauty ; but, instead of pining away picturosqucly like the love-lorn tnaids of romance, she grew stout with age. Of all this harrowing history only these three lines could be remembered and written down : — She looked in tho mirror and seemed to bo Many years older than sho might, And sho drow tho clasp of horgirdlo tight. Next the Underself has attempted some thing a little different — "adorning his narrative " with o foreign tongue. The dreamer, who had been a southern officer in tho late war, thought he read this in a newspaper :— From ovory battlo of the war, Onmo many wounded, thick and thin ; To this is one exeoption dread, predit Coroptoir do Katadin. "This last lino," ho said, "seemed to be tho most terse, elegant and impressive French, tho whole stanza meaning that whilo in all other battles thcro were many wounded for every ono killed outright, the battlo of Fredericksburg was a terrible ex ception ; that there the ' killed and wounded' were all killed instantly. In tho droum it seomod that there was something that ever since tho battlo I had known to be true, which it is not. If anything tho pro portion of wounded in that battle was larger than usual." Iu this last case tho sense and the words aro even farther separated than is usual. It is one of tho few dreams in which the idea was remembered, and may bo comparod with the words. Here is another of the same sort. The dreamer thought that ha road in a Sunday's paper a long account in vorso of how the insects canto to survivo the Flood, they having been, as he bolioved in the dream, either accidentally or purposely, not invitod into tho Ark by Noah. The poem seomud to describe them as iloating around on fruit and oltips of bark, in a rogular fleot. The only lines the dreamer recalled on waking wero : — All tho night, Unto light, Not an orango with a bug, Not an insect on a rug, Touched a (something rhyming with light). We have now a few oxtracts from his works which show that tho Underself some times descends from his grandiose flights, and tries to be funny. In these, moro thun in tho serious pootns, we can traco tho general trend of each dreamer's mind. Car roll, the author of "Alice in Wondorland," who has written so much dolightful dream- pootry with his eyes open, dreamed this ; It often runs in families, Just as the lovo of pastry doos. One of our dreamers brought from a draam-poem this extract that is just aB quuint— 'Tie a question if our latitudo and civil rights agree, But longitudo and other things aro surely found to gee. another dreamer, who, awako, has a very comic vein, dreamod that she saw hor Bister at a fanoy ball, arrayed liko a bandit king, and standing on a table, where, with much gesticulation, and amid wild applause, she sang the following song : I'm a bold buccaneer, with bold glances, Always in pairs I moot. I level at those who say "Lancers," And waltz witli tho fair and the sweet. Sho also dreamed, at another time, that she was toasing hor mother by at tributing all her own shortcomings to heredity on tho maternal sido, as follows I lovo to soo tho college boys, And copy them from afar, And wink at thoin to show my joys— I gathered it all from ma. I lovo to havo my purso jammed full, And stuffed out very far, But, pa, you can't blame mo for this — I gathored it all from ma. Hero is a flash of dream-wit and a pun It can truly bo said of Louisa's cork log, That it has t\yo strings to its bow; For it's tied at the top witli a silkon tie, And it's buckled on below. H&o; is another that do?%rcm Cttontion, because it seems to show moro originality on the party of the Underself ; ii is harder to account for ns an. echo of something else. It was dreamed by the southern officer be foro mentioned in camp in 1863 during a hard wintor campaign "on starvation rations." Ho dreamed that a lady askod hint to write in her album ; that he tried to decline writing any more than his tinme, declaring that ho had never been able to writo iu albums; but she insisted, until, in despair, he sat down and by a sudden inspiration dashed off tho following — confederate rations. For a man, corn-bread — so — so. Any bacon? No! nol For a horso 01 % In his dream the writing in the albnm seemed to form u perfectly symmetrical in verted pyramid ; the 0 at tho apex to be read "zero." This almost completes our assortment of dream-verses, collected with much pains and during many years. In spito of their very fragmentary character, they givo us quite a good idea of the Underself's poetry in its different phases, though we might bo hotter able to do him justice if wo would havo remembered tnoio of bis completed poeina. Many persons, perhaps, will take this fruit of all our labors for " the ridicu lous mouse " that was born of the mountain. It will seem obvious to thorn that our mys terious poet, us we have torn from him bit by bit of his veil, has revoulod himself to he a petty mountebank, whoso poems are nothing more than " sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal." But ho who has brilliant dreams must always keep a certain respect for that dream-self who seems a so much higher order of being than his ordinary blundoring, stumbling day time self; who seems to be endowed with such wonderful physical and mental power — moving .freely tjinpugh air and water, overcoming tho force of gravitation and scorning all limits of time and space ; who seems lo have such a profound skill -in controversy and research, sucli a ready wit and marvellous eloquence. Does not every one, moreover, remember feats of tho Un derself that have bornp tho light of day ? Was not Tartini's Devil's Sonata, which ho composed in a dream, the finest of all his productions? Did not Burdach and Con- dorcot solve scientific problems in their dree ms? Why, therefore, when tho dream-self, this "Admirable Crichton," turns his at tention to poetry, why should he not here also give somo better proof of his ability than these vague and wandering dream- verses ? Such was tho problem which we placed before ourselves. Otic of our num ber, who lias dreamed much pootry, was cspocialiy enthusiastic in seeking a solution to this problem. At last, when lie was in despair of finding it, no less an authority than one of the Underselves undertook to explain to him tho confusion of dream- poetry. It is necessary to premise that many years beforo this dream an old nurse in the family had been alllicted in the last years of her life with a touch of aphasia, that disease of the brain in. which tho patient loses to a greater or less extent his memory of words. With this old woman only the substantives were confuBed ; she used all other words correctly. She was convinced of her sanity ; and never guessing that a part of her brain hud fallen asleep she continued toask for all sorts of impos sible things — plantations, cotvs, churches — and even grew very indignant at tho stu pidity of her attendants, who could not un derstand her demands. Now the dream above referred to was one of those dreams within dreams which are hot uncommon. In it the dreamer thought that ho had just waked from a dream in which he had com posed somo beautiful lines expressing a very original idea. In this second stage of dreaming he hastened, as he. thought, to write down the words. What was bis surprise to see in his dream that he had written a senseless jumble of words, though uu ouii Lutuiuuu very uieuny wi 1119 nuuu uic 'thought that the verses were intended to convey 1 He tried to summon np tho proper words, but they would not come. Then he recalled the case of the old nurse, and felt that his condition was like hers — that sleep had rendered him temporarily aphasic— that he had really originated a brilliant idea, but that, though his sleeping brain was still enough of a poet to understand rhyme and metre, it had lost tho power of formulating its thoughts correctly in words. There is no doubt that his explanation is truo in some cases— those of the dreams wo havo already mentioned, from which we have remembered not only tho senseless words, but also tiie sensible idea that they were meant to convey. There are a number of these, in which the aphasia is more or less marked. The one already given, with tho French ending " Crddit comptoir de Katadin," is about the most aphasic, the remembered words bearing littln relation to the remembered meaning. The follow ing verse expresses its meaning much mora clearly, though it still has a touch of of aphasia : One should bo very sure in picking his bone, That the likeness ne finds to another alone. The dreamer remembered that this .was meant to express, very epigrammati- cally, that sharp dealing may injuro one's self much more titan ' the person deceived. A slight change will bring this near to its real meaning — fur instance : One should bo very sure in picking his bone, That the likeness he finds is another's alone. . i.e., that he is not picking his own bone — preying on himself. , Now hero is a fragment in which the aphasia has disappeared, and the words aro evidently quite correct. The terms I use may mystio seem, But I'm writing upon a mystio theme. And there aro othors liko this in the ex amples already given ; so we may suppose that tho Underself varies from very serious aphasia to a perfectly correct use of words. Dreaming, liko all other phenomena, can not be justly estimated without taking into consideration its highest development. Robert Louis Stevenson declaros his belief that his sleeping brain is moro skilful in tho construction of plots and stronger in inventive genius than his waking brain. Mrs. Kingsford declared the samo — and more. She said that she had, all through life, gained the greatest assistanco in daily perplexities from tho nightly counsels of Iter Underself, And there are many other like cases, where, not only iu sleep, but during insanity or the delirium of fever, or in a hypnotic trance, the Undorselves liavo de livered inspired addresses, composed pootry, and shown in tnauy ways a wit and bril liancy beyond the waking powor of the Contralsolf. In spito of all tho absurdities that wo have quoted from him, we claim that our dream- poet is neither a fool nor an impostor. If he lias often surrounded his utterances with myBtery, it is only after tho manner of tho true genius Weave a circle 'round him thrico, And close your oyos with holy dread, For ho on Iioiioy-dow liatli fed, And drunk the milk of paradise. 