NEWS OF THE DAY. Tamwoeth.—The Lucerne v. M'Garrigle affiliation case was again before the Police Court ou Tuesday last. Defendant de nied the paternity of the child and com plainant's evidence being uncorroborated the case was dismissed.—A special meet ing of shareholders of the Tautworth Gas and Coke Company, Limited, held at the Company's office last night, confirmed the resolution empowering the directors to negotiate with the Municipal Council for the sale of the works.—The special cheap excursion train which went down yester day was very full. The total number of passengers who booked from Tenterfield to Murrurundi was 304, of this number 61 went from Armidale, 59 from Tain worth, 55 from Narrabri, and 41 from Glen Innes. —An officer from the Board of Health ar rived in Tamworth on Tuesday last and made an inspection of the dairies, which have obtained registration upon the Dairies' Supervision Act. The gentleman, whose name is Mr. Robert Long, con sidered the state of things fairly satisfac tory, but in one or two c*ses raised objec tions. He will, in due course, make his official report.—Times. Not a Marriage.—For the first time in its history not a single marriage an | nonncement appeared in the London ^iMBSiUf^flri^bHSaiyr——»*«iww«r Invekell.— Dr. Duflot went a short way down the river on Thursday, carrying ® gun, etc., with him. He aaw seven wild ducks, and brought the seven home with him. Wc understand that Mr. Joseph Onus intends to inaugurate a pigeon match during the doctor's stay, when some tall shooting will no doubt be witnessed.—The following land was taken up at the local Land Office this week. On Thursday : L. W. Yeness, c.p. 320a. and c.l. 200a., p. Chapman, c. Arrawatta. Peter O'Gorman, c.p. 120a. and.260a., p. Red bank, c. Arrawatta. Hugh M'Lean, c.p. 250a. and c.l. 750a., p. M'Intyre, c. Gough. E. Grainger (for Bank of New South Wales), c.p. 180*. and c.l. 520a., p. Laura, c. Hardinge. Auuual leases taken this week: James Boatwright, 640a., p. Elsmore, c. Gough. Thomas Baxter, 640a., p. Tenterden, c. Hardinge. Tfaeo philus Cooper, 1280a. and 1920a., p's. Cooper and Darbysleigh, c. Hardinge. W. Langworthy, junior, 640a., p. Ashford, c. Arrawatta. - The vital statistics of the Inverell district for quarter ending 31st March are as follows: Births, 70; deaths, 32 ; marriages, 19.—Mr. J. J. R. Gibson, in writing to us, states that 3 91 poins of rain fell in seven daysat u Roseneath." Argos. Glen Innes.—The amount collected at the local Land Office during the month of March, ending yesterday evening, was £8465 fid. 2d. This handsome return for one month in the year dees not show any decrease, when compared with a similar period in previous years. Al though Wednesday last was proclaimed a public holiday the Land Agent kept his office open during the whole Jay for the convenience of selectors making payments, and the transaction of other business.— Street Lighting ; The public will be satis fied to know that the Council have de cided to improve the lighting of the streets. The present objectionable light is to be supplanted by gas. The Com mittee, appointed to investigate and re port upon the matter, state that, after the most careful consideration they were obliged to report in favour of gas, rather than the electric light.—Mr. C. J. Hey don, the newly appointed acting Supreme Court J udge, at one time was the Sydney correspondent for this journal. He is a profound scholar and a brilliant writer. We regret to hear that Mr. Boyd, father of Mr. J. A. Boyd of this town, is dead.— Guardian. The Premier.—The Sydney cor. of this Dubbo Dlspatoh writes : Mr. Dibbs' health is really very critical. He had a severe attack of inflammation of the lungs, 1 and as his system had pretty well run down, it went hard with him for some days. It was only by the best nursing and the unremitted care of Dr. M'Laurin that the disease was kept under. He went to Emu Plains on Saturday last, but he only looks the ghost of his former self. He has aged during his illness, and no body would take the weak-looking man who was out for a drive on Friday as the active bouncing man of a few weeks be fore. Mental worry, no doubt, has had much to do with Mr. Dibbs' illness. At all events, it aggravated the attack. Be has not only had trouble with his col leagues and his supporters, but it is very well known that his private affairs are much entangled. A few years ago he was a fairly well-to-do man, but now he is a poor one. The Shepherd case com menced his ruin and politics have pretty well finished it. He is a stubborn man, who would sooner be cut info pieces than give in when he believes he is right. This trait in his his character has caused him a good deal of trouble in the past, and as men of his age are seldom able to change, it will produce a good deal more in the future. He has been at war from the beginning, and will continue to fight to the end. Mr. Dibbs will not, it is serai-officially announced, appear again this session in Parliament. He gets, however, through his departmental busi ness, and here he is making a great mis take. There is no necessity for him to worry himself or to waste his strength over little matters which could be quite as easily done by one of his colleagues, in concert with the Principal Under-Secre tary. Any exertion he enters on now he will have to pay for heavily hereafter. 