TALK ON 'CHANGE. It is interesting if unprofitable to speculate on what chances and changes may have turned a closely-contested election. During a few minutes spent in one of the St. Kilda booths on election day I had some experi ence 'as' to what tnny happen, and saw that toinafty the ballot was a greater secret than its founders ever desired it should be. First a voter came in, and looking carefully at the several voting-tables alphabetically marked, picked upon me as the only idle person in the room to ask in a confidential whisper, " Which is Turner's end V" Two others-one a footballer, the other, I blush to own, a journalist-had come at the eleventh hour to vote for Dr. liuibling, and each had rorsotten his elector's right. The climax was reachcd when a busy bustling man rushed into the booth, and dropping his visiting-card into the ballot-box with- the remark, "I vote for Turner," rushed out again. If these were the mistakes of a few minutes, to wliat must the day's blunders have amounted ? None of the victories of the general election -not even the triumph of Mr. Albert Harris over the Wise Man of the East-can quite make up to some of tie for one disaster at Ballarafc, One would have thought that before such a thing could have happened the statues of Moore, and Burns, and other eminent marble ineii in Ballarat gardens would have stepped down from their pedes tals and insisted on voting for the Colonel on the grounds of manhood and residence. ! When o'er the seas to health and ease, We eaw him lately go; We said, " How cay to lie away With things all tangled BO !?* Yet sadly thought how time had brought At length that day of pain, When one who'd sat lor Ballarat Should never'sit agqin. At farewell spread sad things he said, He'd turned his face from strife ; Ffclt/CQiuingag-e, so closed the page Of Parliamentary life. That day around the city tknimls The mournful story ran, . " The die is cast, u e've lost at last, A soldier and a man !"' Yet one more look into the ltopk ? : lletboV.'aud with the glance Theimpiilse came; though a trifle lame,! ? To .break another lance. ~ Thechrontclefi tell how a champion'fell; From Wendouree thereto' a widl; And Ballarat's name is hlddeu in shame, With a Kirton iuid a Yale. ' In ojie ot the country constituencies the candidate was a iarmer.and sought to make that: fact cover a multitude of what -might be considered deficiencies in a member of parliament. " I'm no talker, gentlemen; I'm a farmer and a worker, and no man here can name any farm work that I can't do." "Can you 'atch hout a clutch o' chickens, 'Eneryt" said ft still small voice from the rear of the hall. They had a new-ohum boundary rider on Pastoria, who was required to look to tlie stock in a remote, paddock. One da}', be met one of the shepherds nearer home and remarked^ with a puzzled face, " I oan't make out them sheep o' mine. They just looks awful. They don't feed at all, but just goes moouin' and carapin' about the fence o' that tank which ain't no use, bb it's bin dry a week. I'm tbinkin' of writin' to the boss next Sunday. Give us a drink out o' yer water bag, mate t Thanks." When a tradesman is honoured by being allowed to cater for the needs of an aristo crpticneighbourbood, hemuststrive tolive up to it, though long credit may make living in the sordid material sense somewhat difficult. Lately some yoking ladies in the suburbs or ganised a picnic, and drags were hired from the local livery stable. They were anxious tl^prp should be aio hitoji, and one of tl»ea» asked how tuany passengers each drag would carry. said jthe proprietor With, #w;,app?oprjatc blush, "if .you sits fftmilj^r like (Duty- carries 21, but if rqv.fits ftdjftce^jt ^h?y onjy h^tl(j 15," They decided to sit "fajrJy. "ftwUiac,'^ and the-^98. In w)iiu)i.^iie .chwerQns rode only carried 20. Nvt iona ago an article in The Arum told how a most circumstantial and widely-be lieved story of the ghost of a reporter going to a judge at midnight had been most cir cumstantially proved to be a fiction. My wife, who is a strong believer in all the Biblical narratives, is strangely. rejoiced when she gets hold of a bit of additional evi dence. She came home from chapel recently quite delighted, for the preacher had sub stantiated the story of Jonah by an account, which he said he had from the lips of an eye-witness resident in the neighbourhood, of the recovery of a sailor, three hours after he had been washed overboard, from the body of a captured whale. I said I was prepared to believe the old story without the aid of modern fiction. " Fiction, indeed !" said Mrs. Woomera. "Why, he told us that Mr. MacQuid is prepared to vouch for every word of it. I will'ask Mr. MacQuid myself, and perhaps you will be satisfied." " I will, indeed, my dear," I re plied humbly ; " for I know that MacQuid when hard put to it is quite capable of tell ing the truth." fehe did ask, and this was Mr. MacQuid's answer. "See it myself? In course I didn't. I read the yarn somewhere, and all I said was as Jonah had beaten that bloomin' swab holler thousands of years ago." In the Anglo-Australian gallery of pic tures at the Exhibition the painting by Santes, R.A., of "Oliver Twist Walking to London," occupies the centre of one wall, and on that account happens to be sur mounted by the Royal arms and the letters V.R. On St. Patrick's Day some confusion occurred, and several persons who wanted to reach the national sports found them selves in the gallery, to their great disgust. One old farmer imd his wife, who were thus disappointed, went the round of the gallery, and were very free in their criticism. Coming to the picture above-mentioned, the old man said, " Liik at that, No rah ; they put the Royal Arms over this thing, because they think it the best, but thatpurtybitof a whate stubble forninst is worth a dozen of it." Dog-tax collectors are smart men. They don't place implicit reliance on the- state ments made by householders, but usually commence their attack thusYou have a dog here. Is it registered i" This brisk assault leads the owner to believe that the man is acting upon " information received," and when he has a dog he usually owns up. A collector on a recent occasion, after a very peremptory knock, was met. at the door by a . meelr-eyed lady. She looked surprised when the. man told her she kept a dog, but acknow ledged that it was true, but that she thought the tax had been paid. " Let me see the animal at once, if you please," said the col lector. " It must be either paid for or <le stroyed. 1 know it is not registered." The ! lady led him to the drawingroom, where a most ferocious-looking earthenware dog kept guard over the door. .She proceeded to ex plain that when she bought the dog the shop man told" her that the price was largely in creased by the heavy duty that had been paid 011 it. but when she looked round the tax collector-had vanished. WOOMKRA. 