. A GRAND OLD CLERIC. Tim retirement of Dr. Luldell, the Dean oLChrist Chinch. Oxford, .surprise? "eveiy one. Oxfordwii! not know herself, bet ell ol her handsomest ecclesias- ri" - tical ornament. It is believed iliat he has nevc-r been the same man since lie was snowed up for fifteen hours between Madley and Oxford in last January's tr-tiific snow-storm. The proud Dean is a most accomplished man, nml he filled liis distinguished post ably for thiity-fivc years. He married a licitnrihriuA)tmM)andsouiewonuu|, and one of.. lie "sights ' of Oxford, during Commemoration, use- " to be lit : grand old cleric, liis striking wife ami j beautiful .laughters, all 111 a row, at the y.irimn i tutcitainments ol that gay wcek. Mrs. Lidib-li queened it, and, it was said, caied lit tic lor socic!y uutsule tins University radius where her kingdom ended. '' Alice 111 Wondei land " was written for her second daughter, Alice, ami alter wards published. Socially > pea king, theie aiu 110 -circles so narrow ii; then exclnsioiii .is those of -1 Uiuvciaiy 01 Catliedia! town. As a rule, lite women :uo common-place DR. LlDDELt. and middle class. =md generally ignorant of "Hi. manners :nvl tone .of good society." to use the phrase ol " n- nit- m L-e 1 ol thy aristocracy." When the ITinci of- "Wales was at Cambridge the. Indies of the Umvciiity mei in conclave to determine' whothci they -shem Id wear court c ostium: a!- the receptions "lvctj to dl.R.ii. Alter a good deal ol controversy ft was iigii i-d ili.il they should appear in court plumes, and train iheii gowns. They also practised the court curtsey, wlitcJr dliey performed to their own satislnc- .11011. aud it was whispered, to the intense amusement ol tiie exalted youth, for whose bene lit it wasmudc. But even Uuivi-tsity towns have advanced shict tlm- days — aud women likewise. GRAVE AM) GAY. Recreation is valuable only as it unbendi us; the idle can know nothing of it. Many people leave oil business and settle clown to a life of enjoyment, but they generally ibid that they are not nearly so happy as they were before, and they are 0! ten glad to return to their old occupation to escape the miseries of indolence. "They tell me that Miss Itizzle calls you an up start," says a young man to Ges de Jay. " Yes; but I cawn't blame her, don't you know. I had sat down on a pin just at that time, don't you know." Wri'e: "But I must have a new chimney-piece." Husband: "But I can't afford it." Wife: "But 1 must have it !" Husband : " Wei 1, gefc. it !., - We must have peace, whether we-eau- afford'it" or"not." " You must. not lift your hat now to a lady," said Qiioter. '-' 5Tou must put your hand on your heart aiid bow." " Can't," said Snubber, " she always has my heart herself. I'll stick to hat lifting." Lan ' Goodness me, Shanks ! How do you happen to be trundling a baby-carriage ?" Shanks: " I borrowed it of my sister. It's to protect myself from being run into by other baby-carriages." We can all choose sincerity rather than show, justice rather than wit, truth rather than golden opinions. If we cannot be brilliant without dis sembling, let us for ever be dull; if we cannot excite or interest or amuse others without being unjust, let us be content, lo be tedious and commonplace. Yet this will not be the eventual outcome, of the brave resolve. When this principle obtains a sure foot hold, it will go far toward making truth attractive and justice inspiring. The facilities thus withdrawn from the false will centre upon the true. Not one will be lost, but all will be drawn into a purer atmosphere. " Au! dear doctor, how is iny wife to-dav? " The doctor shook liis head, and said, " You must prepare for the worst." " What ! " said the husband, " do you-think that she is likely to get over it? " A matter-of-fact philosopher asserts that " love le to domestic life what butter is to bread — it possesses little nourishment in itself, but gives to substantial a grand relish, without which they would bo harden to swallow." It is reported of more than one court fool, and among others of Triboulet, the fool of Francis I., that when told by his sovereign that if a certain courtier beat him to death, as lie threatened, he would hang him the Jiour afier, his request was that his Majesty would, rather do so the hour before. John and Julia's chess problem, b- Amater. John to mure and mate in two moves : John moves his arm round Julia's neck ; She moves one square and whispers—" check " He, nothing daunted, moves right straight His lips to hers, aud calls out — " mate 1" Two Scotcli students, desiring to make themselves comfortable, had a stove put up in their chamber; one bought the stove and the other paid the mason to have a hole cut in the chimney. They broke up housekeeping the other day, and divided the effects. One had the stove and the other the hole. At a dinner party, the conversation turning upon the introduction of many unnecessary passages in the marriage service, the host referred to the absurdity of a man who had no property whatever gravely de claring that he endowed his bride with the whole of his possessions. " Now-, when I married," said he, " I hadn't a shilling in the world." " But," chimed in his wife, " you had your splendid talents." " Well, but I didn't endow you with them," was the smart rejoinder. " There are onlv about 20 really great diamonds in the world." The most remarkable thing about them is that no less than 20 minstrel end-meu, 37 comedians, and 111 " stars " each have one of the 20. Some of the others are owned by ordinary people and summer-resort hotel clerks. Emilv (who has called to take Lizzie to the great murder trial): " What deep black, dearest !" Lizzie: " Yes. I thought it would be only decent, as the poor wretch is sure to be found guilty." Emily; " Ah ! Where I was dining last night, it was even belting .which way the verdict would go, sol only put on half-mourning." Ollivier, the French actor, possessed incredible powers of mimicry. He could assume the voice, gestures, and facial expression of any person he chanced to meet with. One day he called on his tailor to ask him to give him a little more time for the payment of his bills, which had been running on for three years. At that moment he saw a customer : enter the shop and pay cash down for several articles of cl .-thing which were delivered to 'him. Then tho artist heaved a deep sigh of pain. " What is the matter with 3-011 ? " inquired the tailor. " Alas ! " re plied Ollivier, "there is a man I shall never be able t.0 imitate!" A verv poor actor having played the part of the ghost in Hamlet for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said : " It would be a good thing if rJiis man gave up t.he ghost, so that somebody else could take his pari." A young poet once cent the humorist " An Qde to Immortality," requesting his opinion of it. Siiphir returned the manuscript with the 'message: "This packet will never reach its - address." "Three persons," remarked the wit, " sleep soundly — a child, a eorpse, and a night watch man." During his sojourn in X — , Saphir was frequently in the society of a well-known theatrical manager, whose dulness was notorious. " How strange it is that tny legs go. to sleep every day !" he remarked upon one occasion. "How can you wonder ?" returned Saphir ; " they are always in your company." " Which, my dear lady, do you think the merriest \- place in the world ? " "That immediately above the atmosphere that surrounds the earth, . I should think." " And why so ? " " Because I am told that there all bodies lose (heir jt/ravilt/:' A f;ri:u who was-making a dress put the sleeves in wrong. She was unable to change them, as she could not determine whether she had got the right sleeve in the wrong place, or the wrong sleeve in the right place. Of all the specimens of German-English ortho graphy that ever saw the light, that of a country tavern-keeper is the most excruciating. He lias "painted him a sign," and it reads, "Deshdevele Nodrushd "--" Positively no trust." A waiter, at one of the hotels of a fashionable watering-place, lately decamped with the entire silver and plate laid for a breakfast party. It is said that he also ate all the toast, and "left not a rack behind." A Sage Solution — It often occurs, if it be not the rule, That a clever man takes for companion a fool : At first this seems strange ; but it can't be denied That the "sage " and the "goose" should be closely allied I An- old fellow, who is always perpetrating bad jokes, persists in describing gamesters as birds of par o' dice ; and he accounts for the presence of blacklegs in a sheepfold by citing the notorious facn that lambs are always passionately fond of gam bolling. J.-" 