;--61C. : r ti. - :l r-'' ' cou-al :a- t-: Tor ti ° i--. . rch r:: ^ ir s a-)'- r h:o -.it to any lhi ?: i ae carit- nr'- ?,d t ?at auion on t.. c.:e: !22. .nar if tLe It.tcnt fn. d :e:Iarc-. Wci th rly and sLak lane, with :al ther hr 1 c.m:mon.a n.r:nt er'd tr a!ictal :: Sericnr,, ju-t trit l . iaito cia'surl:;.lhrso rticu tnle oot wila y :i thra di kdly rdab?! w'hch owhzF:, i the main point. A doctor of raadihcinr: tr th tca' ,: tiron, dreant',s ea h1nel and Cphaintn sr of - t}a dead and tihe Livirng frmu : tritly g citatifo point of vMirw; whiloalr. 'Sr? k?yn.the moderu marfician of tho 2l yrp::in Rail, re:eards O)riental iiigglory, sIeritual.r n, tsa-d Th~eosohy from theo distitet!y practical idao. ' D!:A:n. Lot s3 ?ioxn with the chapter on dre:res. R~emnarlfng that dream were at one tihe regardled aa baing divinely inspired, MIr. atent.herly wrntcs a fola!ows: " Ccrtnin dreams do n.ometimen appear na if they iwerea :ntt for t- l,' ciald piurtoie, but oven t ac e-lcalle d authentic on?l : conllng under thid headilng are fndw indeed. In look ing even at then, we mu,t I fear, .vie themorn with a dcubntful ey}: fcr what onation will invent crieduity wil anit sr, andl exalrgor?tion s1t o anify. b Dires.,J res uay, it op' -ra, di ,tv id,:,Iirtato t,? o ctah!Ssee--leram Ilfe l-o)=oc ae ])an fre malltu-m canations. A (-crrrtm illh.d.on, va are told, thwoult hoe caused by tsoredlig offecting one of the eis cae orftans, and ?stating eoither out aide tha eon= orgran or in the oenrO organ itself; whereaa e. dro tnm hallucination Iais its origin in the brain itself, anti is purely ntb jI tivou, having no objective bsii whatoever. th, for oxaimp!o, ar bright light shlinest upon ho'elosmiceyesa of f, leeoper, ha mny dreamr that he o wnatchng a fire; a red light ,will often rengaret Ia toCmp.oC taint lightnUing: while a bottle of can, i lo f o no ,acet d utinder his noil will cauoi tih enloeiper to ri aliine himatelf in a perfumn or' h sha?p. It is thought by Wundt tt tic t'o ivlutory extension of the foot of the Belu :'or partes ths, common drtam illusion of ia linl over a trceipico. ,At the same time a good many dreamn- per' rpa the majority of thoIa--havo their orig n in the brain it,4elf without any extornal stittulu. to excite its naction. Thuro in in each individual a certain baal:nce of the air culation in the brain which admits of the mind doing its work in the most healthy and perfect manner. ILet the circulation be ox ceanivo or deficient, that work at oneo coui es to be either sound or perfect. )tro s meay often r?eult from Come fluctuttlon in tho brain circulation. The quality ot the blood in also a leading factor int the cauration of drearn, and ofton gives to themorn atome doinito charncter. A (}I1OY?T SaOnTI--A:ID T'r; BI.'L'Y:T." Front the dioeuo Cion of drheama Dr. Weatheorly proccod to a consideration of ghortn and ghomet stories. An thull. 8ome years ago, i aon article contributnel to thed apineta-n'h Centdury, thor appeared thebo fol. lowing story, communicated to tbo writur, by'Sir Edmund ]Hornby. the lato Chief Judge of the Consular Court of Chinr and Japan :- "It was hif habit to allow reportere to come to ber hotee in the einng to get his written judlgment for the next day's paper. . One revening, having gone to bed and to leep, lie vt ntwanlned soon hy ea rap at the door, which, whoa he took no notice, w ns repeated. In roply to his call, 'Caome in,' tho roporter solemnly onti,red, and asked for his jttdlment. Thoreupon onsold a dialoguo botvwccn Sir E. flornby who referred him agalin nd a gain to the butler, rotoeting aglinst tbohe un warrantablo intrueion--anf l the reporter, who porni ted in his: earnlest request for his judag nent. Impr?hsed at nlast; by ait loleln otrnetnesn, and fearful of wakelln:n his wife (who had elopt noundlv dtrii g a ll the energetic, animated dialog au), Sir I.dnlrnd garo him thoe i:i of tho e judgment, which he approired to tako down in shorthand, after which he aipologiron for his intrusiof and withdrew. + It was then just halfR-pat 1. 'Vhen Lady lornby awoke, as Aho did inl mediately, tfe w;holo incident was related to her. Niot day, when Sir .rdmund entcred tho court, thle rciater announced to hill the suddea death of the reporter some time Lo twcon 1 and half.patt 1. The cause of death no atteortained by a formal inquest, was hear, disease. The poor man Lad not left his house the night before." . IHero is w . very interestine ghost story- creditable alike to the narrator (or inventor) and to the eoneierntious reporter, who, in roforonceo to standing heforo Miaos, nasked forhis "jnadgmenti" at tbo hands of Chief Justico lornby. ]ut whant abhrut the scquel? Some months nfterwarda the editor of the Aorth China HIerall submitted the fol lowing remarlks to the attention of ?Ir. "cnowles : " 1. Sir Edmund IIornby sacs Lady Hornby wan with him at the time, and stb nequently awoke. I anply, no s:ituc per .on was in existence. Sir Edminud's clond wife had died two years previously, and he did not marry again till threa months after the oevent h rolutes. "Sir Edmund mentions tin inqueat on the body. 1 reply, on the authority of the coroner, that no such inqucat wad ever held. "Sir Edmund's story turns upon ithe jndgtment of a certain caro, which was to bu delivered ne?t day, the 20thi of January, 11375\. There is no record of anyv unch judgment in the Sranu d .,u, tl y de e onsulsar Ga:etteI, of which I am now editor. '"4. Sir Edmund sayt that the reporter died at 1 i thet morning. 'rhi is wholly inncourate; he ,lied betwecan nn 0 a.m., after ra good night's rer." Lotua heope thatt tir. teacd'a ghost etori-o will have a1 more solid foutdatcon in ft:lt than thio. whichi apponred in rthi August pages of the tt initirenth C./. s , Acclording to Dr. rVolthe.rly. all phantasims are sub jective, with, of courao, thie ono exr ception of thoso caused .Oy deception and trickery. nECEPTI'IiO N AND TI1ZCK.I'RY. "D ocptlon and trickery '" Iare fully dih - cns;od in the chaptr wihich Is r, s atr skelnsc ctntsrig eetsn to the took!o now bafore us. Jie devotcs a eiCtion to Oriental juggtlery--of whichi, t pnoukint o s a prof itioral?, he ast t tfisu a poor opinioa--dic:;:ritnan at rn u Irnabl gth wolre Pt'th Curltsk o iJ. s of' nIt o r'eat " it rtta the " ofrdset " tri.3e:.. Conhlctrniunp: thle latter. i Jr. ~ hoelsynI wri,_:, irei fullowa :-t "dThe bnts,.t uled i: -t a 'no- i h, ro,-h iripker aftalr, o :0 t cl1tIsy C i-oven, hoeioiver, th at it :inlnot io losn throl. It i lilmoist jinat l:r is etn,.n,,-h to allow the entrsnce of the juvcnil - ,'ie ist appar:ntly npiritcd y sw:sy. Theo littl~ boy or girl, no the cio may be, in irodorcd by ths p'rform'r, ant i;-, ptly rlindfola-ed, oitn·sibly with thie y ioft nhuttin!F out from hfiH or her view the atwful doorn whi:h in ir-rinocnt. btt in rteality it it nora to blind the eyi.s of theo tptct tor than tholo of the s;ubjcct. The child thurproparod ia pltced hi the ,Lhuket, where it coils Iteelf, head asnd htoluc toaiether, around thi inner peripioryi o0f the skot. I- tn:is pilition it is invblbie tn nny one looklingin through the narrow of, eoin,; which forina the mouth of the rcciiept IoI. Thtn tht piy t begLini. The aaror i- tshr-it t-hrough tht b':,-:-t na-ain anss ngain, th.?l?-rorme'r u'u:dlEy Cmelugadji ~ his operai:ons by jumpinr,: into tho baket, "?d tramnplin~, , suppJo,, :lly, on it oceno pant. IKnowinb" ihc po:,itio - .iutc' d s y th child, ho:','ecr, ano ..e'? th:xt it I not porible to do ann darn'vo by thax?, rmen;:. This ·rime .h!sin bluen colrnis tt'', the b: w:ht -ri t/urnl.d up ot sho:w-n t9o Lb emT-ty--c, fair s ,ne c:a reo. At this juncturo tihe p ril-nomtr . !::L , . Anoth,:r littled vh!li, , ot ,n a t, wi· br.thr .r in:', of t.e ?,bject, hOir hou tcn Gene.,% audirti: : ,:?,f .]t c:.-' or..tr.. 1 ! t .ik ou or I, re.er, co;iI odi :"t r th p :.. o t xe, of tHole of tL f:r l. S D?i'cairt, .f ,tinaio 'ay, of JDr. " -. a;o;:i o li n?t?on. ?i,3 -sy a;ppot to l - ey , "I • . . wel!-knowu v, in. d talhis r:.onu cnIV !:ur -.r:r? de^ wrch Ce th pac-ie w-iE.h fpr. 'l- o lya l y ,:.i Five a to it?:- ' ?,o . lif ti:.u p r; :i fro:: amonuo the U011tit, c (bor rin U es)t ia a cirnle round the 'l::dil ?,'b rhuL. Ie . ' Celioncl' fayd, l ind ono. Tiho littleO tb0 : : -3 h : c .OthLotjneed to ea? wc : :."'1 go.s1 w:,r m n. o : vi.zl!,,' a till' the cla-pptin contiuet.d, w?int-woand rful to -ce.tc-i'-t?rumh nto whprich t1? d Lt,, laid upon ithe lnceta of the ' tittorst' were p!.ryed upon, citc., a il.; that is, the guitar o.t a?ruaiwtd hi the air, loDa oture run,;h , kslca pinched, zwhsakes tu--d, old fotgi- chulcked under the chu by, oh rI tuch nice little hands, and the other iuerre.stinag wtork of the spirits at upanccr waf gone through. rNo, all this while, the ' Colonel' wae in the circle, and eupponaing that tho pceron to his right and left, fnstead of holdtint , as they thought, his two hands, were really both holding one of them, otill he could do but littlo to a1- int his antereating ipo.?se. Sho, still clapping thoa dainty little palhn, could do cothing for herself, unlcs.P , whenl tha li[htas worer oxtin guritt d, Wuho wor to chaonte her tactica, and beat-not her hands together-but one hand upon her fornhead or arm, or any other ox po?ed part of her beily which would produce exactly the same sound, and leave the 'taper dloirta of one hanld free to prodtut thi; no!i fel tationY. To how t the impfo.ibii of any euch thing, howrever, onel t;intleman vuay Iotiv helpr thel mdium'A hands. still a bell ritn;s, a guitar is strmrtmoJ, and pouibly the gnttl umna holding the fair oneo's hatnda h hfi faco falnnd. Ilow, then, can all this be acoompli:hcdl Simply thus:--12i ? ' l'ay pass,+ a bell to the 'Colonel'a' mouth, which he shakes as a terrier does a rat, whilo hi boot operates upon a guitar plate d on the floor and produccr the thrumming ; nnd the mnedium, with a fau hld between hor tooth, will gently wavo it in the face of hai who holds her handts. And thin ia all that hap erytrd in the dltrknocc ; and tthis it what tio oioentitil ,rtnttlemrsn deccribed ac ' won derful I " 1,11I'.1f g TPfCEI[ I TO IIro* OI'iY. not we mn?t leave Spirituliam-iu which no o to poreon now believe.r-for Thdosophy, a subject lit prownt very much "on the nail." The history of Theosophy, as Mtr. 3Maskclvno very pertinentlyobhorve, isb.ond up with th t of ite fouder, lMadamo IL?vataky ; andshlo was a " vulgar advetlluesas." We nodnot follow the Piccadilly wonder- worker in his discus iion of the Itlldgon expes', which, like most people, he accepts an conclusive: but it may interest some of our readers (Thersophtlts or otherwiso) to learn that Mir. Malrrlklyue margician-liko--hen a '' card un his skovo." Yes; notwithetanding hais n.' tlmir indiftlr enco,th has not bo:en altorotlher idle. " If it should so happen that, rconrary to my expootations, the lperpetrators of these oultraoge ont common nonse still pordti.t in their nofarious praeticee, lot thltn- beware! In thatt Neta they will becomett fair gamlo' for io. In the ]lanrllags of aport, I have markod thanm down,' and can ' lay tmy finger upon them whenever I nebd to do so. If it ahould be noecestiry, they mtay depend upon it that, though the trap is not yet laid, I am on their tractk, and I shall prsueo them an rolentleasly an I have others before thorn." ' With this reprodluotion of Mr. Matkoleyno'a vaglluloe and tromondous threat, we tmtay close his entertaining pages. - 