THE STORYTELLER That Wild Wheel. St Fhances Ei.Eanoe TiiOLLoJ'fc. PART L Xuiii, l-'oitune, iunl thr trh«?m sirtilP oi- fiottil; With ihat wild tfiiecl \iv tro tlo't up til dowii ; Oilr hoard is little, ljiit our liejirts ire ei- eai . TKNN'yHuN'.s ' Idylls of tilt Kiri L'kiPTKR I; it was the middle of September. Tyb'ui-ftja iiiid Belgravia were doubtless duly depopulated, a ifd blankly fronted, with shuttered windows, such un fashionable individuals as might occasionally wake the sleeping echoes of their pavement. But in a certain London thoroughfare on a certain Saturday evening, the life of the great city roared and rushed as usual ; unconscious of the absence of a few thousand individuals, as the main body of a mighty fiver is unaffected by the ebb and flow that periodi cally fills and empties Rome shallow creek. The air Wds mild alld soft ; and jets of gas flaring nakedly in butcher's' shops, and above greengrocers' stalls, made bllirfs of coarse yellow light ia the liaiy diisk. The brassy Voices of the Veiitdois shotitirig theif wat:es edcilled to heal' a Hiieer ailalqgy tci , tile fiariUg: lights; jmd fa otteud the eiir witH milch the sante sort of unpleasant sensation as the crude glare inflicted on the eye. Certainly, none of the senses were caressed by the sights, sounds, and scents of that crowded street. Stalls tilled with hetero geneous lumps of raw meat, vast piles of cabbages in various stages of staJeness, tipples, oranges, onions, fish, mingled their odours with the smell of gas and saw dust; thd hot steam from tiddfesliojjs, and sickening ifrhiffei from the public houses, whose doors were swinging backwards and forwards with the ceaseless movement of a pendulum, as the human tide poured in and out at those gaudy, gilded portals. Poverty de cent and poverty dirty : poverty defiant and poverty depressed ; frowsy rags, flauntiner mock velvets, and dog's-eared artificial flowers , jostled each other on the filthy pavement, and were impartially appealed to by the leather-lunged butcher in a stentorian yell to 'Buy, biiy, buy ! ' ' And what a nightmare of faces as they streamed into the quivering glare of the gaslights ! Drunken faces, hungry faces, sick faces, brutal, timidj anxious, reck less, smiling faces in end less variety! Very few with any ti'ace of beauty ; for the throiig at that time and place Was largely composed of a class So poor as to be often insufficiently fed, and seldom wholesomely fed. Starvation streaked with gin is not a regimen favourable to bodilyperfection ; neither has the pallor induced by foul air that cream-tinted whiteness admired by some , poetic minds. Nevertheless, a figure be longing to some higher social stratum would now and then come from the crowd into the hazy halo around a gas-jet, pass across it, and recede into com parative dimness. Just as the most energetic of the salesmen outside a large butcher's shop divided the shuddering air with a tre mendous yell, there appeared strongly illuminated by the meteoric glare of his lights, a face which differed from the faces around it as the stars differed from the gas. It was rather pretty than beautiful, but its charm lay in its exquisite refinement of expression. It affected one at first sight with a sense of infinite delicacy, sensibility, and purity. Since, however, these quali ties are far from being uni versally attractive, the owner of the face in question passed along without incurring any special attention or ad miration. She was a girl of about 20 years of age, very poorly dressed, and evidently well accustomed to walk about alone. She moved with i a swift, steady i-ace, threading her way composedly j through the crowd, and apparently undisturbed by the many repulsive sights and sounds which assailed her senses. It is said that use can harden one to almost anything. But certain very sensitive souls have a peculiar way of retreating within them selves. It is not that they are hardened against coarse impressions ; but they hide from them, and take refuge, like a beleaguered garrison, in the innermost citadel, leaving an inferior kind of bodily perceptions to man the outward Avails. Presently the girl turned out of the great, thoroughfare into a side street that was compara tively dark and quiet, and stopped at a door with a brass plate bearing the words, 'Miss Hughes. Day School for Young Ladies.'' The house, like all its neighbours to right and left, was shabby with a positive and hopeless shabbiness — distinctly below anything which could justify the compound j epithet ' shabby-genteel.' This was shabbiness simple and ungenteel ; and yet the house was marked by one characteristic redeeming it from ab solute squalor, and distinguishing it from its neigh bours — all those parts of it which could be cleaned by the personal efforts of its inmates were clean. Tie window-pantfs glittered without a smear ; the brass door-plate was burnished until it shone like gold : the stone steps leading down into the miser able little area had been carefully swept . That th e bricks of which the house was built were encrusted with a deep layer of grime, and that the paint was so dingy as to make its original hue a mere matter of conjecture, gave a peculiar value to these evidences of neatness, which gained a charm by contrast — like the flash of ivory teeth out of a swarthy face. The girl whose footsteps we have been following l'aug at the bell, and almost immediately the door was opened by an elderly woman-servant, who, saluting the young lady by the name of ' ' Miss Byi'bafa,' observed that she was a bit later than tisttal. ' &o; ; 1 thifik Hot. Latcher,' answered Miss tiarbata . Iter speech was in delightful harmony with itet fact, ft ^as pleasant in tone, and had that finished, clear-t'ut simplicity which denotes culture. Refined gold is a much simpler substance than the rough ore. ' Ah, well, perhaps it was Mistress being im patient to see you made her think -you late,' answered the woman. « ' I hope Aunt Judith has not been uneasy about me'r' said Barbara, taking off her cloak, which | she hung on a peg in the narrow passage. j ' Oh no, Miss Barbara : not to say uneasy. But she's been fidgetting for you to come home.' j Then, dropping lier voice, Larcher added, ' She's had a letter ; but of course you'll hear all about it.' Without waiting for any further parley, Barbara Just as the most energetic of the salesmen outside a large butcher's shop divided the shuddering air with a tremendous veil, there appeared a face which differed from the faces around it as the stars from the gas. — Chapter 1. entered the front room, which was the sole sitting room of the family. Here a round table was spread for tea ; and, in spite of the mild tempera ture out of doors, a glowing fire burned in the grate. A square of dark drugget covered the middle of the floor, the rest of which displayed bare boards, white with many scrubbings. Such pieces of furniture as were modern were of the plainest aud cheapest sort ; but a few old-fasliioued . articles — a couple of arm- chairs, a coiner cupboard of carved nak, a convex mirror in a gilt frame of the period of Ihe First Empire - were handsome and solid. A guitar-case stood in one comer ; and. in another, a set of plain deal shelves, edged with red leather neatly nailed along them, held a small collection of books. The most noticeable feature in the room was a number of sketches in oil and water colours, many of them unframed, which dee-orated the walls. These drawings were not such as one would expect to find in that shabby house in an obscure back street. Many of them were masterly: and all, even the roughest, were unmistakably the work of no mean artist. The only occupant of this room when Barbara opened the door was a little old lady, seated in an arm-chair drawn close up to one side of the hearth : while her feet, supported on a low hassock, were stretched out in front of the fire so as to enjoy its full heat. She had delicate regular features, re markably beautiful dark eyes, thick black eye brows, and silky tendrils of snow-white hair curling from beneath her cap down each side of her face. At the sound of the opening door she looked up eagerly. ' Oh, I am so glad you have come, Barbara,' she said, in a flute-like old voice, which, though sweet, had lost its freshness, as the worsteds iu an elaborate sampler hanging above the round mirror on the wall had faded into mere ghosts of blue and scarlet. But there was nothing at all ghost-like in the appearance of Miss Judith Hughes. She was plump and well -nourished : with a pink-colour — somewhat heightened just now by the fire — in her round cheeks. Her grand-niece — for such was the relationship between them — advanced into the room, gently kissed the old lady's forehead, and remained stand ing by her side, but withdrawn as far as possible out of the range of the* fire. The little room was oppressively warm to one coming from the open air ; but a hot fire was one of Aunt Judith's few luxuries, and Barbara did not complain. 'Take off your hat, my dear,' said Miss Hughes. ' No : don't carry it upstairs yet. Sit down. I want to speak to you without delay.'' The girl obeyed, seating herself at once, and taking off her shabby black straw hat, which she held as a screen between her face and the fire. ' First of all, my dear,' continued the old lady, ' I must tell you that I have had a letter from poor Claude — a letter that makes me extremely anxious, and ? ' ' Is my brother ill r' interrupted Barbara, hastily. 'No, no, child — that is, not alarmingly ill. But he is never robust, poor dear boy. William does not, I think, quite understand how delicate Claude is.' ' Uncle William has always been very good to ? Claude,' put in Barbara, gently. ' Good ! Of course he has been good ! Who should know that better than I'r But a man is sometimes a little too harsh — no ; not harsh, per haps. but severe. : too strictly severe. Especially towards one of his own sex. William expects a great deal from a young man. And, after all, our poor Claude is but a child in some things still. But now, see here, T want to speak to you about it. before your Uncle William comes in.' During this speech Miss Hughes had taken her spectacles from her pocket, adjusted them on her nose, and smoothed out a letter written on foreign paper, -with a fat little brown hand, on the third finger of which she wore an old-fashioned seal ring. Then she said. 'I had better, perhaps, to save time, just read the most important part to you, Barbara — the part that explains his leaving Vevey.' 'Leaving- Vevey!' exclaimed Barbara. The consternation iu her tone evidently irritated Mis? , Hughes, who answered with a quick testiness ! which made her eyes sparkle and her winter-apple j cheeks flush. ' There — there, don't be explosive, j Barbara ! He has not left Vevey — yet.' i Then she began to read : ' My deabest, hest ' old Al'xtie, — I am ever so much obliged to you for i the enclosure in your last ? ' (' Oh, no ; that's nothing ; a little private word of my own to him. Where is it r Oh ! Here, I have it ! ') ' It is withi the greatest reluctance that I have come to the conclusion that Vevey does not agree with jny health.' (' Docs not atjrcr ; he has scored that , underneath.') ' I have struggled on, fearing to* give trouble at home, and to displease my uncle 'r | (' Poor dear boy!'), 'but I grow worse day by 1 day. The air from the lake is so damp. The | autumn has set in rainy, and people here say we j are likely to have a wet winter. I cough very often, and have pains in my limbs.'' j At this point Miss Hughes took off her spec j tacles and turned an eloquently appealing glance on the girl beside her. But Barbara did not look i up. She was sitting quite still, in a listening ! attitude, her head bent down, her face iu shadow, i and the lamplight making effects of chiaro-scuro J among the smooth coils of her brown hair. I 'Well!' cried Aunt Judith, 'what do you j say to that, Barbara ? It is impossible to read such i things unmoved. Poor fellow ! — poor Claude £ 1 Coughing and suffering pains in his limbs ! The place is killing him.' ' When Claude first went there, ' said Barbara., thoughtfully, ' he liked Vevey very much, and said it suited him.' ' ' Ay — ay, that was in the summer ! Of course, in the summer it must be very different. But in autumn and winter ? Besides, he is not happy at Madame Martin's. I can see that very well. Claude is ex tremely sensitive to the least slight.' ? ' Peojile who have to earxt their daily bread in that way may, no doubt, meet with some small mortifications now and then. But — they are not unbearable, ' said Barbara, with 'a. smile that expressed a great deal of sadness. Those quietly - spoken words touched AuntJudith's conscience somewhat. Did she not know how many petty affronts and vulgar impertinences Barbara had to suffer in the course of her business as daily gover ness among peoj)le who were for the most part her inferiors in mind, morals, and manners V Was she not a daily witness of the patient courage with which the girl performed her hard and miserably-paid duties 'r Oh, certainly, she loved and ad mired Barbara with all her heart. But for Barbara's broth er Cia ude sh e cherished a blindly -indulgent fond ness. Indulgence, indeed, was uncalled-for in Bar bara's case, and this was the key to the different feelings with which their great-aunt regarded the brother and sister. Miss Judith Hughes be longed to that order of women whose affection is most surely evoked by de mands on their forbearance, and who inevitably idolise the most fractious and ex acting of their children. In spite of her celibacy Miss Hughes had not escaped the cares which usually belong to marriage. It had been her lot to fill a mother's place to two generations of nephews and nieces. The son and daughter of her widowed brother, David Hughes, had grown up under her care ; and in later years Fate had thrown upon her and upon her nephew, William Hughes, the charge of her niece's orphan chil dren, Barbara and Claude Copley. She was a kindly, gene rous-hearted woman. But, although claiming nothing for herself, she would make unreasonable demands on behalf of her idol Claude, with a sort of vicarious selfishness which it was not always easy to meet pati ently. And, moreover, she was subject to quick spirts of temper, that fizzed and flashed, and subsided, all with Pnlial raniditrr Tti.- good soul was rather proud of this trait, and was apt to boast that she h-id hot Welsh blood in her veins, and that the Hughes had never been meek or milk- and-watery. But, indeed, if one could imagine a mouse with a hasty temper, that crea ture could scarcely be more harmless, or harbour less ferocious intentions than Judith Hughes. After Barbara's little speech about mortifications not being unbearable, the old lady sat silent for a short while. At length, looking up appealiugly — almost humbly — for her conscience was bearing testimony as to Barbara's right to speak as she had spoken, she said, ' But his health, Barbara ! ' Then, finding thai Barbara did not answer, she added more em phatically, 'His health, my dear! Surely that ought to be a paramount consideration ! *' ? - ertainly, Aunt Judith, his health ought to be considered. Onlv— ? '' ' Only ? r' ' ?'Claude sometimes exaggerate-, you know.' Miss Hughes made a li'tfle impatient gesture of tlie shoulders, and drummed with her fingers on the arms of the chair she sat in. ' I see I shall get no help from you, Barbara,' sue said. ' I did so hope you would stand by me in persuading your Uncle William ? ; I wonder you can bo .-o hard to the poor boy. Don't you {Continued on page 34. j know he is not strong '' He has been delicate from a, baby.' ' Uncle William is sure to judge wisely and kindly,' answered Barbara, trying to evade an irritating discussion. 'It is a miserable sort of position for Claude,' said Aunt Juditb, fretfully. ' Of course it is not a. brilliant position to be secretary in a second-rate Swiss pension. But, aftet* all, Madame Martin is kind-hearted. And she is stretching a point to serve us in employing Claude at all. He is gaining experience which may be of great value to him hereafter. He is lodged, fed, aud furnished with money enough to buy his clothes. When I remember the difficulty we — you had, you and Uncle William, to find a place for him at all, it seems to me that on the whole Claude has been lucky.' ' I see. I see very well the line you mean to take. And I do say it is hard, Barbara, when I know that William would let Claude come home at onoe if yon would but join me in urging it.' ' Come home 3 And what is he to do here ? How could we provide for hita? How could we ask Uncle William to take any new burthen on his heavily laden shoulders P' ' Then we are to let that poor hoy die without making an effort to save him ! Would William wish that?' ' Dear Aunt Judith, you and I are both quite sure of Uncle William's tender goodness. What ever else we doubt, we can neither of us doubt that.' Whether intended or not, there was an implied reproach in these words, which stung Aunt Judith. She answered sharply, 'It is not merely a ques tion of goodness, but of judgment. I {'resume you will not maintain that your uncle is infallible !' At this moment the sound of a key in the lock of the street-door checked her speech. She stopped abruptly. ' Here is William,' she said. At the words Barbara sprang 'up joyfully, aud ran into the passage. Aud since in the caso of the keenest-eyed and most sympathetic of us all. a little knowledge of a man's previous history helps us to judge him understanding^, it will be well, before he comes forward to speak for himself, to assist the reader in interpreting the present William Hughes by giving a brief summary of his past . CHAPTER II. The Hugheses were tradespeople, who, when William was a child, had already been established for two generations in a thriving Western sea port. But their Welsh blood enabled some mem bers of the family to boast of those ' claims of long descent,' which, however they may be smiled at by ' the grand old gardener and his' wife.' axe undeniably ?oveted ana valued by many millions of their posterity. Perhaps it may be due to the more imaginative cast of the Celtic mind, as compared with the dull (and often extremely inconvenient) English preju dice in favour of proved, facts and plain truths, that among the Welsh, the Highlanders, and the Irish , the happiness afforded by a long genealogy is so very generally diffused. Their royal and martial progenitors of the dimmest antiquity live upon the tongue, and in the internal setf -satisfac- tion of many a Mac, 0', and Ap, whose neighbour Smith or Dobbs can barely set forth the Christian name of his grandfather. Thus Judith , Hughes, although her grandfather did keep a shop, was m t to be baulked of her birthright, and would proudly repeat that her mother had been an Ap Thomas, and that she thus enjoyed the valuable privilege of being pure Welsh by both sides of the house. She openly regretted that her patronymic, originally Ap Hugh, had been degraded into plain Hughes (which, however, she admitted, she preferred to the more usual form, Pugh) by her grandfather when he crossed the border of the Principality, and set up as a bookseller and stationer in the busy mer cantile harbour of Marypool. And there is no doubt that she had a great deal of enjoyment in making speeches of this sort. Her brother, David Hughes, deprived his chil dren of that full comfort iu their pedigree which 'Judith derived from hers, by marrying a young woman named Timmins. But as Harriet Hughes, bom Timmins, was not only a remarkably pretty, but a very gentle, sweet-nutured young creature, her warm-hearted sister-in-law soon, loved her i s tenderly as she could have loved a lineal descendant of (irlendower, and possibly even a little more. The father of David and Judith had given them an excellent education — an education greatly superior to that of most of their social equals in those days, and, in the ease of th3 son, the school teaching had been followed -by wide and intelligent reading. David Hughes was a man of unusual abilities, and his abilities were of an unusual sort. Had he been free to improve them according to the natural bent of his mind, he would ^probably have attained distinction. His temperament and talents were essentially artistic. But circumstances so shaped his life as to give him but small opportunity for manifesting the faculties that he possessed. One loophole towards the light, however, was vouch safed to him. When he inherited the bookseller's, business, which his father had conducted success fully, he inherited with it the ownership of a small local newspaper which old Mr. Hughes had bought cheap as a speculation. The life of this obscure little prjiit had appeared to be almost extinct when David^ Hughes came into possession of it. But its flickering existence soon began to revive under his care, aud before very long, flamed up with a light that could not be hidden under a bushel. Within a few years it prospered sufficiently to justify him— or so he thought — in abandoning altogether the dingy book shop behind whose counter his father and grand father had stood, and in devoting his fieiy energies (which were great), and his available capital (which was small) to the improvement and diffusion of the Phcenix newspaper. After a while he transformed it from a weekly to a daily print — a change that ate up nearly every penny he had in Ihe world. But he was stall little past the prime of life, strong- and vigorous, and he confidently looked forward to -the time when he should receive large profits from the venture, and wheu the J'hwnix would be a handsome property to bequeath to his children. He had two daughters and a son. His wife having died when they were still, in the nursery, the girls were brought up under the care of their Aunt Judith, who had embarked her little patri mony in establishing a boarding-school at a fashionable watering-place not very far from Marypool. The school prospered exceedingly. Miss Hughes could not pretend to the possession of various modern accomplishments ; but she had the good sense to sccure competent teachers of ? them by liberal pay, and her native shrewdness was seldom deceived in judging of her subaltern's qualifications. David Hughes's son Willjam. the youngest of his children, inherited his father's temperament, refiued aud developed bj a more congenial training than his father had ever enjoyed ; and David Hughes was resolved that his son's genius should have due play. 'The young fellow was enthusias tically desirous to become a painter, and a painter he would be. At any rate, it would toot be David's fault if he were not one. Mr. Hughes had no dislike- or mistrust of art as a calling in life — a state of mind very rare iil 'those days among the class to which he belonged ; and not so common at the present en lightened epoch as some people may fondly suppose. Fallot hope and high spirits, the lad entered on his chosen career. After some preliminary studies his father sent him to Rome, where he lived strictly within his moderate allowance, worked with enthu siasm, and became a general favourite among the cosmopolitan society of young artists whom he met there. It was a happy time for the whole family. The Phrntix was daily, rising in reputation ; Aunt Judith's school was flourishing: Winifred, the elder of David Hughes's daughters — a. brilliant creature, and the idol of her father's heart — had obtained an excellent situation as governess in the family of a fashionable London physician ; and iter younger sister, Olive, was engaged to marry he son of a wealthy merchant in' her native town. This last circumstance was considered by all their neighbours as the crowning good fortune of the Hughes's. Aud although David did not quite share this feeling, having but a moderately high 0 union of Arthur Maddison, his daughter's betrothed, and disliking a certain purseproud air of patronage towards him and his, which was assumed by the Maddison family generally, yet, since his pretty gentle Olive's heart was set on the marriage, he did not oppose it. Yes ; that was a happy time for the whole family. But one morning a letter arrived in Marypool which shattered their fortunes and ruined their lives. Winifred Hughes had eloped from her situation in London with a married man. Put crudely and briefly, that was the announce- I ment made to her father. But the letter was not brief. It was diffuse, and incoherent, and. above all angry — furiously angry ; for the writer of it was Mrs'. Kirby, Winifred's employer, and the companion of Winifred's flight was .Mrs. Kirby's brother. But the blow was not aggravated by Mrs. Kirby's eloquence. When a man is stabbed to the heart, what matter whether the weapon be blunt or keen, ru6ty or shining 'r Aunt Judith, hastily summoned the same day by poor trembling little Olive, found on reaching Marypool that her brother had started for London ; and upon her fell the bitter task ? of writing to 'William. On Olive the e Tect of the news was almost to paralyse thought. She passed hour after hour sitting motionless and dry-eyed, with a dumb weight of misery oppres sing her soul like some monstrous 'dream. Their Winifred — their proud, high-spirited Winifred, to have plunged into this black abyss of shame and misery ! No ! It was incredible — impossible ! A considerable time elapsed before the miserable stnry was, bit by bit, made clearer to them. Nor could any explanation of how it came to pass have given them consolation. In the home where Wini fred's name had been a household word, uttered with profound affection, the chance sound of it cane to be like the touch of a cruel hand upon a wound. A few words will suffice to tell all that need be said of her here. Mrs. Kirby's brother, Christopher Dalton, had married unhappily, and, when he first met Wini fred. had long lived apart from his wife. Winifred at first supposed him to be a widower — a belief which Mrs. Kirby took no pains to overthrow. She only wished it had been well-founded. She re garded her sister-in-law with the strongest aver sion, and desired that her very existence should be 1 jnored or forgotten . Mr. Dalton resided habitually in the south of France ; but when Winifred Hughes had been but a few montns installed as governess to Dr. Kirby's daughters, Dalton came, in an evil hour to England on a visit to his sister. He was a cultivated man, far better able to appreciate Miss Hughes's unusually brilliant intelligence and accomplishments than were any of the Ivirbys. He tjok the habit of frequenting the schoolroom at first in order to superintend his nieces' French and Italian studies. And so the end came. Mr. Hughes, as iias been said, hurried up to London immediately after receiving the fatal letter ; and, after an interview with Dr. Kirby, re solved on starting for the Continent in pursuit of his daughter ; but the following, morning he was found dead in his bed at tho hotel where he had alighted ; killed, the doctor said, by a stroke of apoplexy; but, in his sister Judith's phrase, 'dead of a broken heart.' William, who had set out from Rome in wild haste on receipt of his aunt's letter, arrived to find his father dead, and his sister Olive deserted by her lover, who had (in deference to the wishes of his family, as he said) broken off his engagement in consequence of the scandal and disgrace which attached in Matypool to the name of Hughes. Blow followed blow. Mr. Hughes's death put an end to all chance of the prosperous future he had anticipated for the Phwnix. The position of the paper was not yet so assured that it could afford to lose his animating influence, his intelligent inspi ration. The Phwnij; was sold, and scarcely fetched more than the original cost of itspurchase. This meant utter financial ruin to the Hugheses. Their old house was given up, the furniture sold, and the afflicted family had to face the world with poverty added to their load of sorrow. ' But, God be thanked, we owe not asixpence,' said Aunt Judith. ' Everything is paid, and we have my school to fall back upon.' Alas ! the school proved to be a broken reed. It was' ruined by the same disaster which had already done so much evil. The watering-place where Miss Judith Hughes had established herself was so near to Marypool as to be within reach of the gossip that was on every tongue there. Various circum stances combined to give notoriety to the wretched story. The fact that Olive's betrothed belonged to a rich and influential mercantile family in Mary pool caused the breaking-off of her engagement to be a matter of considerable local interest ; and then Mr. Hughes's sudden death in London, and the subsequent inquest, gave the storv fresh publicity * by means of the press. Judith struggled on des perately in the teeth of difficulty. Rebuffs met her on every side ; mortifications of all kinds assailed her, and her daily bread was steeped iu bitterness. It would have been -wiser not to attempt the struggle. Had the goodwill of the school been sold without delay, it would, probably , have brought a fair prjce. But poor Judith wasobstinate, and even thought it a point of honour not to give way ; so j that when she finally yielded to necessity, and j withdrew from the school, her connection had en- i tire'y melted away, and she had involved herself in debt. . j All liabilities having been met by the sale of her i books and furniture, and a tidy sum of ready j money remaining in hand, the Hugheses resolved, ! after taking counsel together, to go k- Loudon. 1 There lay William's best chance of pursuing his art, and Miss Hughes and Olive could earn their bread by teaching. So to London they went; Aud now began for William Hughes a life of struggle and self-sacrifice in which he never flinched or falteredforfive-and-twentyyears. He found him self at little over twenty years old the sole prop and . stay of two helpless women, for poor Aunt Judith's saUguiue expectation of earning her bread by teaching proved fallacious for a long time. Only after many years, and after sinking her pretensions even lower in tlie social scale, did she succeed in collecting a few day scholai's. Olive worked with her needle, and taught whenever the opportunity arose. But her earnings were precarious, and at the best miserably small. And, moreover, she fell into a weak state of health. Ou William's shoulders alone rested for many a day the burthen of supporting the family. He refuse! no occupation by which he could earn a. little money. He gave lessons not only in draw ing. but in music and languages to any one who would employ .him. He rose before dawn ou sum mer morning.-!, and tramped miles into the country to work at some landscape, that was sold, perhaps, after all, for a few shillings. There even came winter days, when there was neither food nor iire in their miserable lodging, and when, under cover of the dusk, he would go out with his 'guitar into the streets, and sing and play for a few pence, to enable them to break their fast . That was the time of their deepest poverty. By degrees his talent as an artist began to be recog nised. He got one or two commissions from an obscure but enterprising dealer who was bold enough to trust his own judgment of the power aud delicacy displayed in the landscapes of that unknown man. And, indeed, as the prudent dealer reflected in self-justiiication, the risk was really very small ; for such was the artist's poverty that he was willing to work for little more than the cost of his colour and canvas. Afccr a while, Olive's marriage seemed to pro-, mise some happiness to the long-tried family. Her husband was only a ulerk employed in a great wholesale City house. But ho was in receipt, of a rising salary, was steady and frugal, and Olive was content to take him. William made no objec tion to the marriage : neither did Aunt Judith — openly. But in secret she fretted over it and dis approved it, and told herself with some bitterness that Olive never had had a, spark of that spirit which ought to animate the descendant of so many Ap Hughs aud Ap Thomases. Olive was absurdly meek and humble. Mr. James Copley was a very mean and insignificant sort of personage in Aunt Judith's eyes ; and she only hoped he had some idea; how far Olive's merits were above anything he could justly aspire to ! However. Olive became Mrs. James Copley; and although the romance of love was over for her, yet she enjoyed domestic peace and quiet kindness, and was grateful for them . But misfortune had not yet ceased to attend the Hugheses. Before the elder of Olive's two children was ten years old, Mr. and Mrs. Copley died within a few weeks of each other, being cari-ied off by an infectious fever ; and the orphans, left almost totally unprovided for, were thrown on the care of their uncle and great aunt. Bravely and cheerfully was the charge accepted ; and now on that September evening, when we have seen Barbara on her way home through tho squalid street, she had already for some time been contributing no inconsiderable share to the house hold expenses ; while of Claude, enough has been said to explain his position and prospects. As to William Hughes, he had slowly made for himself a peculiar reputation among a few con noisseurs in painting. A canvas signed by him bore a considerable value — to the picture -dealer to whom, in the days of his direst necessity, he had mortgaged his fame and his future, there are, doubtless, liberal and generous-hearted picture dealers ; but William Hughes, unfortunate in this as in all other worldly affairs, had not happened to fall in with any of them. It may be stated at once that Winifred Hughes never returned to England . She survived only a few years after leaving it, and died in tho South of France just six months before the death of Christopher Dalton's wife. Dalton himself was understood to have emigrated to one of the Western States of America. His name was never heard in the Hughes family. Only once, soon after the breaking-up of their home, aud their removal to London, a communication from France was re ceived by William. Aunt Judith discovered that it had contained money. What else it contained she could but vaguely guess at ; for the receipt of it threw William into such a, frenzy of grief and indignation that his health was for a long time seriously affected, and J udith dared not allude to the subject. During many years afterwards she lived in dread of a chance meeting between her . nephew and Dalton, for she believed that William would kill him if they met. But no such meeting ever came to pass ; and when the letter and its contents had been returned to the sender, silence, though not oblivion, covered the names of Dalton and of Winifred in the household of Winifred's kindred. The younger ones, Barbara and Claude, natur ally remained ignorant of their Aunt Winifred's story. A chance word had revealed to Barbara that her mother had once had a sister. And she never forgot the white misery in her mother's face as she said hurriedly in answer to the child's innocent questioning, 'Hush! She is dead. Never speak of her to your Uncle William. It hurts him too much to remember her.' Thenceforward Bar . bara was silent on that score. Nothing could more effectually have checked her than the dread of hurt ing Uncle William. From her earliest years Bar bara had adored her uncle. The closest sympathy existed between them ; and it often seemed as though the child were striving to make amends to him for some dimly apprehended loss or sorrow in his life, by lavishing on him the tenderness of her deeply affectionate nature. This was the more remarkable because, during all her remembrance of him. a more cheerful mamiered creature than William Hughes did not exist. Full of quaint wit, and with that keen, hearty, and enjoying sense of the humorous which is one of Heaven's best gifts to mortal man, he l presented so unruffled a front to the world in general j that a certain class of persons were absolutely pro voked by such unreasonably good spirits ; and a ! lodging-house landlady had been known to say, dis- ] 'paragingly, that 'twasn'tmuchoddstoMr. Hughes j wha.t happened ; he'd have his jokes and make'his- j self comfortable let things be as they would, and j that you might depend on ! For the suspicion that 1 there are sacred feelings which' you purposely con- ; ceal from them is exasperating to some minds. ; And the daws naturally hold that the proper place ? to wear your heart is on your sleeve. But ail this while we hare kept Mr. William Hughes standing in the passage ! ' . \- To be continued.) 