NOTES Ol' THE WEEK. ThcGovcrnmciit carried theConstitutianBill into Committee lust week, ami tins week tiley rattled through u long string of clauses. Mr. Murray made another gallant attempt to get thc Centre included in thc Rill, hut was met hy thc whole strength of thc Government und defeated hy a large majority. The Colonial Treasurer took the lead in overthrowing Mr. Murray, makiuga speech that was ungenerous to u member who has straightforwardly fought a difficult battle, and ungrateful to a division that has always supported him with all its strength. Not the ghost of au argument did Sir Thomas M'llwraith offer why the Centre should not bc included in thc Rill. His real arguments were that thc Centre is au exceed- ingly valuable milch cow to thc South, that it has rich lands which can be sold, tine paying railways that maintain themselves and yield handsome surpluses, aud n great trade that can bc taxed all for thc benefit of the South. But he did not state these. It would have been highly imprudent to do so, for tho debate goes to London, where resides the superior authority which will carefully scrutinise everything said in thc Bouse. So Sir Thomas M'llwraith fell back on abusing Mr. Murray, which he did with great vigour. It was a sorry exhibition for one who has held thc chief office in thc Government, and is still one of the most prominent and influential men in tho colony. With thc Government virtually declaring to the House that thc Bill would bc dropped if the amendment were carried, of course thc amendment was simply crushed. Only nine members voted for it. Of these four sit for Central constituencies - Messrs. Murray, Callan, I'aul, and Stevenson. This is a poor vote on the most direct issue yet raised on this vital question. Messrs. Archer and Pattison arc unavoidably out of thc House, but where was Mr. Jones ? Sid he pair? With Mr. Jones voting thc number would have been five, and Mr. Archer's and Mr. Pattison's votes, which might fairly have been counted, would have shown seven out of eleven. Mr. Corfield, too, is not opposed to Central Separation, though he voted against the amendment, fearing it would jeopardise the Bill ; and his aim is to get thc Winton district Included in thc North. Tho Rockhampton Municipal Council bac an unusually short sitting ut their ordinary meeting on Thursday. Thc Accountant tc , the Treasury submitted a statement of tin Council's account with the Colonial Treasurer, which accentuates all that has been said ir these columns respecting the necessity fol retrenchment. According to this statement the Council is owing the Treasury the sum ol £1550; and us the overdraft now stands r.l £13,400, roughly-speaking thc Council arc indebted in tho sum of £15,000. Thc over draft which the bank agreed to grant wat £20,000, and there are works in hand to cost £10,000-£4000 on the new wharf, and £0000 on tho new pumping plant. Tilia makes £25,000, or £5000 above (he ' ' maximum overdraft. Of course there arc rates to come in in the course of the next few months ; but even after allowing for their receipt, it is plain that the Council will shortly be working up to the full limit of their bank credit. This is not a safe thing to do, as a local body should always have a certain sum to meet any exceptional and urgent expenditure (hat may fall on it- The position, therefore, as wu have repeatedly pointed out, demands thc most rigid economy to be exercised by thc a'dermen now and for » considerable time to come.-Tho Railway Commissioners made an application for a reduction in thc charge for water. It appears they pay at present 3s. per thnussnd gallons, whereas in Brisbane and Ipswich thc charge is now ls., and in War- wick ls. Cd. In this respect the South certainly does not seem to have got the beat of the Commissioners. -Mr. Recs R. Jones, M.L.A., inti- mated that the Treasurer hud at length introduced his Bill to authorise the expendi- ture in repairing thc Fitzroy Bridge. This means that in thc course of a few weeks thc Council will be called upon to meet, thc in- debtedness to the Treasury which has just been mentioned.-The Inspector of Nuisances is eager to enter on a crusade against stray dogs, and there will be many to wish him God speed in that work.-Thc Municipal Valuer (Mr. J. Foran) presented his report of the appeal work of thc year. After allowing for reductions in the valuations made by the Appeal Court, thc valuation has been increased this year by a sum that, at the prc sent rate, will yield an additional revenue of £89 on that of last year. He trusted that the work, as done by him, might bc con- sidered satisfactory, and thc Mayor said it was very satisfactory- a remark that will bc generally concurred in. The weather this week has been generally fine throughout thc Central Division. A few light showers fell in the carly part in isolated districts of the interior, and subsequently Collaroy had 2 in.; but with these exceptions a hot, dry time, has been experienced. In Rockhampton thc weather hus been very trying. Thc temperature daily has been very close to 00°; and on one occasion it rose to 92° and on another to 0.T1. In parts of thc west also a high register hos been recorded, Alice reporting 07° on Tuesday, and Emerald 90°. Figures like these so curly in the summer arc disquieting ; but thc hope is indulged that the heat will bc accompanied by the copious showers of rain that would bc welcome io all parts of the district. -_ The cases tried in the Police Court this week have been few and of no general interest. Two of the French sailors belonging lo the barque Runnymede were before the Court on Mon- day for desertion, and discharged, the ship having sailed, and thc French Consul de- clining to lake any action. The men will remain here to add to our surplus population, with little money in their pockets, no know- ledge of thc language of the people, and little prospect of earning a living. The cholera hua [mased ila worst ¡ii Kuiopc, that is thc most gratifying item in thc callie messages received this week.-Australian finances have been pretty freely discussed in London, and thc criticism has not been alto- gether pleasant reading. Tho shareholders of thc Mercantile nuuk of Australia nie very wrathful over their losses, und demand thc prosecution of thc directors. Thc statutory meeting to bc held next mouth is ex- pected lo bo very exciting.-Matters ere very unsettled in Ireland, and there are ominous signs that the winter will be marked by outbreaks of disorder. -There have been great fvlti in ¡Paris over thc centenary of I lie 'Republic. It has been *a much broken century, but thc Republic bas now over twenty years of continuous life, it has made up its quarrel with the Church und received thc blessing nf the Pope, und has maintained France decently before thc world. These things give ground for tile expectation that il will tic pei'iniiiicnl, though il must liol lie forgotten that il lins yet to withstand thc shock of a grölt war.-Russia is still sending forwnrd reinforcements to Pamir, and C'aplaiu Vanoff will certainly be hcurd of next spring, if not before. 