St. : dwtiew"'. ' J Charch of E£thitrd, .Bradtifoird. "T:: CIh.:ce'. bin,}o far comp:ted as to Y-'"; . , ti u . . . . . - - assisted by :Jr. Davis, of Taatooke, taste. fully decorated the nave and arch. upon Saturda:y last with very pleasing effect. The windows had festoons, and the walls had pendtnt stars and crowns of wild grasses and flowers, beautifully arranged. The pulpit and reading desk were similarly ornamented. and the entire arch was lined with green and graceful foliage. The services on Xmas were conducted both morning and evening by the Rev. H. Braddock and were very bright and hearty, while the sermnnons were of a specially joyous nature. The subject was "the Magnificat or the thymn of the Virgin Matry." And Mary s:aid " My soul doth rmagn;fy the Lord and my Spirit hath reiiced in God my Saviour." Mary was on a visit to Elizabeth, when site expressed her joy in this noble poem. It were well if all our social intercourse were as useful to our hearts. Praise to God, aroused the slumbering powers of two ordinary village women, and behold, they are inspired with sacred merrimert. Squeamish Christians do not like the word "merry." They prefer to praise God with doleful notes in the minor keys, or in the deep, deep bass; they cannot feel holy till they have the horrors. But none but believers have any right, title, or claim to have holy mirth. The erd of a wordling's song is a sigh, and of his laughter, a groan. Observe, Mary's lowliness does not silence her. Some think it a mark of humility to be dumb. But this humility makes her canticle the sweeter. " For he had regarded the low estate of his handmaiden." if you are feeling heavy, dull and sad, useless and unworthy.tarn that very lowliness and mean ness, painfally felt, into another reason for i louder praise. Let not black thoughts of unbelief curse and blight your longings. Mark w ow hei strain gathers majesty; it is rather the sustained flight of the eagle winged Ezekiel, than the flutter of the timid dove of Nazareth. She mounts, and poised on poetic wing, looks adown the aisles of the past, and sins of Jehovah's mercy " from generation tgeneratioeneration." She gazes I afar beyond the captivity, to the days of the Kinlgs, to Solomon, to David. along through the Judges into the wilderness, across the lIed' Sea to Jacob, to Isaac, to Abraham, and onward, till, pausing at the gate of Eden, hears the echo of the Promise, * The seed of the woman shall bruise the Serpent's head." Magnificently she sums up the Book of the wars of the Lord, and rehearses his triumphs "He hath shewed strength with His arm, He hath scattered the proud in the imagination of his heart." I [Delightfully is mercy intermingled with judgment in the next canto, "lie hath put down the mighty from their seat, and hath exalted them of law degree ; lie hath filled the hungry with good things, and the rich he hath sent empty away." She finally lands on the rock of the Covenant " As he spake to our forefathers, to Abraham and his seed forever." This was but the old draft copy of our clearer Deed. Covenant engagements are the softest pillows for an aching head; the Surety, Jesus, is the only prop of a departing soul. Jehovah's throne shall totter, and His sceptre be shivered, ere lie break his Covenant. Some call Mary " lIoter of God" hut she never whispers such a thing. " My Saviour "are her wo:ds. Humble and familiar, bold yet depreciating, let us claim our Saviour. Finally: shall she sing alone? Solo or chorus ? There will be'much mirth and much laughter. Will it be in ttfne with Mary's song? We would not stop the play of animal spirits, nor abate a jot of natural relish for riod's mercies, provided ye are temperate in word and in food -but the joy of the table is too low for Mary, and family hilarity grovels when compared to hers. The strung Son of God was conceived in her by God the Holy Ghost. The same Spirit conceived spiritually, mvitliin you; the Holy Jesus I \- I ·, ·· i 