he J U i m c a i e MELBOURNE, SATURDAY, JAN. 9 1892. THE PURIFICATION OF THE ELECTORAL ROLLS. A., „„,,„ P„ »„ , R • . ,, , , UF course, Australia is not the model nation of the earth, nor is Victoria the "hub" of the Universe. Even the most patriotic member of the A.KA. would scarcely care to assert that it is so, however indignant he might feel at the depreciatory criticism of a distinguished visitor who did not feel inclined to crack up all our institutions from the Parliament down to a football club. Nevertheless, it has been acknowledged that our electoral system generally is about as good as any in existence, if not better, and our American kinsmen have adopted our "ballot" in some of their States, with expressions of thanks and commendation. Doubtless there may be those who agree with " Rudyard Kippling, gifted stripling," that Victoria, like New Zealand, has rather a,superabundance of representation, .and that it is strange to see a country with little more than the population of Manchester running a fullblown constitutional Government, with two Houses of Legislature,'any number of executive officers, 143 members of Parliament, representing a little over a quarter of a million of electors and a small standing army and navy, and any amount of more or less important municipalities. Still, the business has hitherto been conducted on what commercial men would call " satisfactory lines," and our reputation stands high enough among the nations of the earth to induce us to be careful about keeping it up to concert pitch. Therefore it is wise and prudent for us to be jealous of the characters, not only of the representatives of the people, but of those who elect them. With a want of gallantry for which some persons might be inclined to censure them, our present representatives have declined to bestow the franchise upon the gentler sex, and, out of mere justice to this fairer portion of the community, the least we can do is to see that the men whose names are on our electoral rolls should be what our forefathers used to call " good men and true," worthy of the privileges vested in them, and, so far as human failings will allow, irreproachable. It has been stated by one two "advanced" members of the Assembly that the Electoral Rolls Purification Bill is about the most Conservative Bill ever introduced into the Parliament of Victoria. Possibly it may be, in the best sense of that very hackneyed and much misunderstood term, but it so far recommended itself to the common sense of honourable members that they passed it, on the third reading, by sixty-one votes to ten—about as strong a majority as any Parliamentary leader could wish for. Nor can it be denied that the measure was necessary, and that the law has been passed just " in the nick of time." We are within a very close and appreciable distance of a general election, and the circumstances and position of public affairs generally render it highly desirable that it should be fought out as fairly as possible. There are, certainly, no "burning questions" in the old-fashioned reading of the phrase, nor is there any chance of what Sir Graham Berry was once pleased to call " broken heads and flaminghouses." But men's minds are a trifle exercised on more than one subject, and every practical and thinking man'has arrived at the conclusion that if Parliament is really to represent the electorates there must be a considerable change in the arrangements connected with the elections. The statistics compiled by Mr. Hayter afford good reasons for consideration on this point. There are now over 290,000 voters on the roll, showing an increase of over 46,000 on the rolls of 1888, the principal increase being in connection with the manhood returns. That is to say, there has been a percentage of increase on the ratepayers' roll of 13-12, and on the manhood roll of 49-01, showing beyond all doubt that unusual efforts have been made to strengthen the latter. Into the question as to whether it is better that there should be more ratepayers than electoral right owners on the rolls we will not now enter, but no one can dispute the absolute necessity that the returns should represent men, and not phantoms, or, to put it more plainly, dummies. And in this respect the ratepayers' roll is reported to be specially out of order. During the discussion on the third reading, Mr. G. D. Carter, not a man likely to be led away by one-sided or erroneous statements, asserted emphatically that the returns in connection with certain suburban and city electorates showed that out of 6059 persons whose names were on the rolls for those electorates, the number now resident was only 3085, so that 50 per cent, of the total number had ceased to hold the qualification which entitled them to vote there. Of the total * number 2449 had removed, 23 were dead, and m the case of 502 the addresses ^were incorrect, so that they could not be foand. These figures are not what may be called satisfactory. Mr. Carter, indeed, may be wrong in his calculations, and they ceftainly do not agree with the statistics supplied by the Government. Supposing, however, that they are correct, or even anything like correct, it is clear that in some districts the rolls are in the reverse of a cleanly condition, and that there is a dangerous chance of the same thing occurring in other districts. Of such a danger one can easily form an estimate. As Charles Lever used to say, there are plenty of men who hold by the doctrine that all is fair in love, war, and electioneering, and in the contest for popular favour the man who has no particular scruples on this point is ready enough to take an advantage wherever an opportunity presents itself. It is not so very long ago that dead men voted vicariously in a Victorian Parliamentary election, and there would even now be more " ghosts walking " in the electoral sense if some people had their way. There is another queer feature in connection with oar electoral rolls well worthy of special notice. More than once Mr. Hayter has asserted that only about 66 or 67 per cent, of our voters ever exercise the high privileges vested in them. In the year 1889, for example, he states that, out of 220,973 electors in contested electorates, only 147,129, or 66-58 percent., recorded their votes. There has been much said and written about apathy and indifference in this direction ; but if, as a matter of fact, only one-third of the names on the lists were those of dead men and dummies, we should find in real truth more than ninety per cent, of " real" men who faithfully discharged their political duties to the State. There was some doubt at first as to whether the new Act would in any way effect the rolls at the next election. We know now that it will. The Revision Court is to sit next month, and any objections to names now on the rolls must be lodged on or before the 20th inst. by the inspectors recently appointed for that purpose. In addition to the graveyard and dummy votes, these officers will also have to look after wife-beaters, criminals, and drunkards, who are deprived of the franchise under the new law, and in some quarters objections are raised to their having this duty imposed upon them. The opinion, indeed, has been expressed that it would be better if the judges were to announce the deprivation of the franchise when passing sentence, and, in some respects, this might be found advantageous. Such details as this, however, may well be left for the future consideration of a Government which, in this direction, seems anxious to do its duty. One thing is beyond all chance of dispute. Our electoral rolls want purifying in some directions as carefully as ever dil a contaminated house under the old Levitical code, and even if the number of votes are reduced considerably below their present number, it will be all the better for the future prosperity of the country. The possession of the franchise is a privilege to which every honest man has a fair title, but it is also a boon which should not be bestowed lightly upon persons whose course of life is in every way the reverse of cleanly, law-abiding, and decorous. Manhood suffrage is one thing. Larrikin and roguehood suJEErage is another, and from such a political concatenation we pray heartily that Victoria may long be delivered. If the officials recently appointed only do their duty future generations msv have good reason to thank the present Government for "getting through" such a measure as that providing for the purification of the Electoral Rolls. 