Ss Catches his Train. ONE of the greatest delights of living in the suburbs, " a little way out," is the pleasure a man derives from his efforts to catch the early morning train, by which he must reach the city and his business. When he gets out of bed he looks at his watch and finds he has plenty of time, so he dresses leisurely, and sits down to breakfast in a calm and serene state of mind. Just as he cracks his first egg he hears the whistle of the train in the distance. He starts, jerks out his watch, compares it with the clock, and finds that it is eleven minates slow, and that he has only two minutes left in which to get to the station. In a fearful hurry he tries to scoop the egg oat of the shell, but it burns his fingers, and after vain endeavours with it for a moment to get a spoonful, he drops it on the cloth-'smash!' He grabs a hot roll, and scalds bis tongue with a quick mouthful of Goffee; then he stuffs the roll into his mouth, while his wife hands him his bag, and tells him 'he'll miss the train if he isn't quick.' He plunges madly round the room looking for his umbrella, he kisses his wife as well as he can with all that unswallowed bread distending his cheek, says good-bye to the children in a lump, and makes a dash for the door. Just as he gets to the gate he finds that he has forgotten his keys, and he rushes back after them, snatches them up, and away he goes. He doesn't like to run, because that would be undignified, but he walks furiously. He goes faster and faster. Hb wants to run but he knows that he will start up old Blowser's do?, who is always loose in the garden at the bottom of the road. Then he actually ; sees the train coming, and he feels that he must make a rush. He does. Blowser's dog beco&es; excited, and i tears after him. Six other'dogs join in the chase, one after the other, and bark furiously and frolic around bis legs. Small boys contributed to the excite ment as he goes past by whistling on their fingers, and the men at work on the new house knocked off to look at him and laugh. He feels ridiculous; but he must catch that train; gets desperate-on on-he goes. He arrives within one hundred yards of the station, coat-tails horizontal, and the dogs nipping at his heelB, just as the train enters the station. He puts on extra pressure, and resolves to catch that train or perish. The station reached, he dashes past the ticket-collector, but the guard has blown his whistle. He tears down the steps. The last carriage is just leaving the platform, but with an extra spurt he tumbles down the last few steps, is caught by the collar by a friendly pcrter, and finally recoverg himself to find that his trousers are torn aoross at the knees, bio shins bruised, and three ribs in his umbrella broken. A telegram from London dated March 26 says :-The arrivals to date for the forthcoming series of London and colonial wool sales amount to 350,000 bales, including 4000 from the Gape ; 50,000 bales are yet expected to arrive in time for the . opening. Bilyers fear there will be a fall of a half penny per lb. for all qualities excepting crossbreds anl superior merinos. It is thought that the market will be unable to eope with the supply. He was a carpenter. He has lifted his hammer to strike a nail. Did he strike ? Not much. He paused, then returned hammer to his box. The one o'cloch gun had gone. He was working by the day. The long tale of horrors which has been unfolded by the discovery of the body of a murdered, woman at Windsor has not up 'to the present been (says a London telegram dated March 25) relieved by any incident in connection with the extended criminal career of the notorious Williams. One incident has/ however, just been reported, which is not without its amusing side. Since the discovety of the bodies at Denham Villa, Rainhill, the house has been guarded by the police. Last night, while some persons were visit ing the site of the villa, mysterous noises were heard in differeut parts of the house, and the belief that the disturbance was caused by the ghosts of the victims so alarmed the visitors that they all fled, the policemen clearing out with them. Holloway's Pills.-When inclement weather checks to a considerable extent the actioa of the skin, an alterative is re quired to compensate the body by means of other channels. Holloway's Pills can be confidently recommended as the easiest, surest, and safest means of at taining this desirable end without weakening the most delicate or iucom modating the most feeble. When from frequently recurring chills or the inhala tion of impure air the blood becomes foul and the secretions vitiated, these Pills present a ready and efficient means of cleansing the former and correcting the latter. By this salutary proceeding disease is arrested at its outset, its pains and inconveniences averted, and the nervous structures saved from the de pressing effects entailed upon them by an Illness. 