SPORTING NOTES FK03I ' QUEENSLAND.' tlXOU OOB OWN COIinESrONDEHT.) BnisDANE, May 29, 1892. Tho Turf. fWo managed- af tor all to get through our bitr Autumn Mooting this weok, but it was only by tho skin of our tooth, as the flaying is, and wo couldn't quite manage to dodgo the rain to tho last, tho raoing on the final day being knookod all of a heap by th» watery olemeut aud tho muddy condition of tho ground. Tho meeting has boon rotnarkablo in moro than ono way, and as I am sending you the results of tho last two days for publica tion, it will bo onough for mo to refer to tho points of interest which transpired, whilo briefly running through the programme Tho Orst day was one of many surprises, only ono favorite getting homo out of tho lialf-dozon ovents, and although on the second and third days this was not so severely tho caso, the re union right through has boon a very disas trous one for backers. Tho Ipswich borno Reprieve, who is by Hespito, and wa3 bred at Jostvalo by Mr. J. P. Jost,.opnnod the ball with a run-away victory in tho Trial Handi cap, beating a large field of moro than avorago performers. Then we woro treated to another staggerer whon King Olaf donkoy liokedtho highly-rated Realm, for the ohosnut had been doing very bad work, and wont out 2 to 1 against him, while the Archie horso, who came down from his country homo looking the picture of hoalth and condition, and bringing tho reputation of having done great things in his ? preparation, was made a very hot pot at ovens, lijlynms and Clinker were also thought a lot of because they had galloped woll in privato, but tho King made hacks of them all. Tho gallop in itself was nothing to talk of, but the fact that Realm and Elymas had no ohance at all with Quirk's horse, made the son of Splendor look to have quite as good a show for the Brisbane Cup as we all thought ho would liavo when the weights first came out. How expectations were realised ; or, rather, wero not realised, will be soen. The run for tho Stradbroke Handicap was a ding-dong go all tho way, aud the result furuishod tho only instance of the day whore the favorite acted as guide to a beaten field and a friend to the unhappy punters. Of courso every section had its own dead bird, but all the high-falutin talk about remarkablo deeds accomplished by this, that, aud the other fancied one could not choke backers off tho lop-sided one, and the followers of tho winner threw in for a fair stake. He can gallop, und no mistake, this big raking slab-sided Tallboy, and ho can also carry weight, forho humped his 9at 71b without a ghost of a funk when, at the finish, he was asked to fight it out with a slippery twoyear old in Vera Spes with noarly 3st less. Mr. Jim Smith's chestnut colt, Saturn, by Epigram — Virgo, wns whispered round as a good thing before tho flag wont down, and if he had not been so far behind tho first horse when tho banner did fall, ho must have been tho host thing in it, for he nmdo up a lot of ground aud ran into third place. A previously badly performed horso named Maueroo, who is a full brother to George Fox, bv Fonnian — Quakeress, ran away with tho Hurdlo Eace from the favorite Laurette, who could not live with him when it camo to racing, and hero I will go away from my first intention of taking the items seriatim in order to relate something immensely funny which took place. In this hurdle raco Maneroo was weighted at Ost, but ho carried 01b over weight, whilo Lauretto was racing under lOst 41b, and Red Heart, who was third, had 12st 21b. As I have already said, the race was won very easily, aud it may as well be said that had tho distance been another half-mile Maneroo would have won by a couple of fur longs, so strong was he going at tho finish. Judge, then, of everyone's surprise in tho next race to find that for tho Graud National Hurdle Eace, the distance of whioh was two furlongs further than tho first day's Hurdle Eace, Maneroo was weighted at Ost 21b, Laurette at lOst 101b, and Rod Heart at 12st 4!b. Here was a fair knook-out for us if you like. Some of the horse-owners did think that they know something of haudicappiug, but whon they saw this they thought they must all be balmy, for of course the official bandicapper presumably knew what he was doing. The stewards, however, did not see the matter m this light, and they thought Mr. Pouutney had made Rome mistake. Butno, and when, as everyouo fully antici pated, Maneroo sailed away in front in the Grand National Hurdle Kaco, and, giving nothing else a possible ohance, won with his mouth open and a double pull on tho reins, the stewards asked for an explanation of how suoh a bungle could have occurred. They held a meeting on Friday afternoon, but I'm not iu a position to actually state what the results wero, though rumor has it they were somewhat startling. Well, to go back to tliB'raoing, we strike the St. Leger, which, as after events proved, was -v race totally up side down. The winnor was the 'VVheatmeat — Yollena colt Talkative, but without wishing to detract in tho slightest from the excellence ofMr. Flyrin's little horse, it is not too muoh to say that but for Captain Sandemnn's jockey Frank Smith standing down for that particular race, because of some mis understanding, the little ohesuut duughtor of Splendor would have made common donkeys of all tho starters in this important classic event. As it -was, having a strange horseman upon her back, she refused to raco a yard, and had to put up with the ompty honors of third place, being badly beaten all the way by Talkative, aud in the last few strides by Babol as woll. But oh, dear, how the tables wero turned on Cnp Day. Two to 1 King Olaf, becauso of his wcight-tor-ago victory ; 4 to lTalkativo, on tho strcufrth of i)is Leger performance, the samo prico about Musician, 12's Sing Song, iiuy prico Splendide, because she bad 'gone off.' These wero tho calls of tho books when tho Cup candidates went out to take their places at the starting-post for tho Cup race The flag went down, and off they Wont, Sing Song cutting out the running at n good puce, with Tnlkativo and Musician sailing titter her. and Spleudide, always iu u nice position, nnd going like a toff in Smith's hands, just behind them. This was' liow they run until within half a mile from homo, and then Sing Song hail had enough, ami Talkativo sailed along iu front of the Leger favorite mid Musiciau. Nearer nnd nearer the little cliesnut maro orept up to tlio leader without extoudirig-nersolf until the homo time was reached, and then, iu one stride, the Brisbane: Cup was won. Splendido, meeting tho'Loger winner on worse terms, paralysed him in a stride, mid uatiterod in a winner hy six lenuths, Musician just getting up in' time to secure second money. This was quito onongh to show who ought to huve won the Leger, and if Smith had been upon tho mare'H back it would have been simply an exoraso gallop for her. To go on with the principal ovcuts, I may just as well here refer to the third day'K running. Even with 9st upon her back tho Cup winner was thought to have a chiiuco of semiring the Moreton Handicap aud also the mile and a quarter w.f.a. event, bill tbo rain came down too soon and spoilt what would have boon a first class race, for tho course was nice and dry just beforo it, and when tho mud began to fly ?the maro couldn't, or wouldn't, raco a yard, and was beaten out of a place in tho one aud only managed* to get third iu the other. The Glorious gelding, Babel,' came on wonderfully with every gallop, and ho must bo tho real good horse that we *np here have all along thought him, for since ho pame back home ha has improved immensely, as shown by the good light ho mado of it with Musioian in tho iloreton Handicap, and the way he smothored ovorything from start to finish in the lioyal Stakes at woight-for-age. On the second day there was nothing good enough in tho Sires' Produce Stakes to make tho 'Agamemnon colt, Tlie Wandering Jew, raise a gallop, aud in tho Soarborough Stakes the Archie— Kate Kearney gelding, Dillon, once again demonstrated his ability to travel like smoke boforo a gale over a short journoy; The Maitland horse, C.B., ran a good second, and on the last day of the meeting ho won a race handsomely. The Autumn Steople ohaso was really not a steeplcchaso at all, for there wore only a couple of stiff fences, and one of these had a top panel knocked out, so that only two were left in for tho last six 1'urlongH— Clarenco and Inkorman. Loafer wao running well aud seemed to have a good thing ou when Inky bumped him at a fence, and knocked M'Laughliu off. The rider of Inkorman (Pillou) was as strong as they are made. Ho seemed determined to win tho race. somehow, for when Claronoo collared him in tho straight, he squeezed hiin right over ou to tho sand track and would have -stopped him but that a hurdlo separated . them. For this olevernoss Pillon wont up : for a quiet twelve months, and it servos him right. Throughout tho meeting Mr. 13. J. Boston, who races Realm, Noondoo, Straysbot, and others, had vory bad luck, for the big horso looked better than over ho did before, but out up a rogular duffer in his races, and in the only raco that Nooudoo had a first-class chanco he was left ».t the post, and then ran fourth;'' Kian'Olaf - and Dumb Boy woro; both i»nk failures, oioopt that on tho fltat day tho Wellington horso won a Weltor.and. poor old Jack Stono wan again right out of it with his string, not . withstanding that it looltod a oortainty before tho mooting that ho would win a taoo or two, so woll wero his horses going. Donation ran ono good race when ho won tho final ovont on tho lirst day of tho meeting, but ho in hot tho colt ho wns oraoked qp to be. Sir Olivorwas ono of the consistent porformors, but Prime Ministor ran wretobodly, and is ovidently all to picoes. The mooting muBt havo boon u successful ono financially, as eaeh day's racing was well patronised, and the olub got a fair return from tho business dono on the toto, through whioh about .516,000 or £1 7,000 was passed during the throe days. Still we had a lot to grumblo at, for owing to an unfortunate accidont, which' rondored our oftioial starter. Mr. G. 31. Kirk, /iors de com bat on the first day, the starting on the second and third was wretchodly bad. The Toowoomba Club's annual raco meeting comos off on Thursday and Friday next, and tbero will probably be tho usual largo atton dance of metropolitan visitors, who look for ward with muoh pleasuro to tho annual run to tho Downs. Perhaps, thanks to Splondido'a miserable run iu tho St. Legor, sho got into tho big handicaps with vory nico weights, 8st lib and 8st 21b; and as tho programmo dooa not provide for any ponaltios, her Cup win doesn't put any more woight upon her. At tho weights sho looks to havo spoilt tho two big races of the Toowoomba Club's meeting. A Bale of thoroughbred yearlings was held by Messrs. Sealby, Small, and Mosman at their yards, Adelaide-street, on Monday last, whon the following lots woro knocked down to Mr. W. Muggridgo, who has takon Mr. Kent's stables, near the racocourso, and is at work with a fow youngstors : — Bay colt, by Phil Athol from Frisk, by Westminster, 35gs ; chesnut colt, by Phil Athol from Libertd, by Wcstminstor, 37gs ; brown oolt, by Yfostminstor from Requiem, by Drum Major, 53gs ; bay colt, by Phil Athol— Lydia, by Westminster from Linnet, filgs ; and bay colt, by Phil Athol from Juanlta, by West minster, 45gs. A lovely brown filly, by Archie from Diadem, by King of the King, aud a well- grown aud promising bay filly by Lord Salisbury from Empress, tho dam of Realm, belonging to Mr. C.B. M'Dougall, tha owner of the Lyndhurst stud, were with drawn, the prices required, ISOgs and lOOga respectively, not being reached. The only sorious aooidont that ooourred at the lato Q.T.C. meeting took placo in con nection with tho Criterion Nursery Handioap on tho lust day. Shortly after the start Tha Auo and Herbalist came down, and tho New South Wales jookoy, Liddiard, had his left shoulder put out, whilo M'Swoeney was rendered unconscious. A racing olub has been formed at North Bundaberg. Q.T.C. Autumn Raoos. The Q.T.C. Autumn mooting whioh was opened on Tuesday, the 21th inst., at Eaglo Farm, Brisbane, was continued. on Thursday and concluded on Saturday last. The meoting as a wholo was a successful ono, but tha last day's sport was marred by bad start ing, wet weather, and an accident, whioh resulted seriously. . Tho results are as follow : — First D*t— Tdesday, Hit 24. Tkial Handicap.— Reprieve 1, Hirabtlis 2, Minster Belle 3. Nineteen others started. Won easily by two lengths. Time, lmin S-t jseo. . Queen's Plate.— King Olaf 1, Boalm 2, BIymas 3\. Two others started. Won easily hy two loneths. Tlmo, lmiu 5-laoc. Stiiaubsosb Handicap— Tallboy 1, Vora Sdcs 3, Saturn 3. Eleven others started. Won by half a length. Time, lmin 20aoc. Hakkattat Platk.— Itnnoroo 1, Laurette 2, Bed hearts. Four others started. Won easily by tea lengths. Time, 4min 3see. St. I,EOIB.-Talkative 1, Bahel 2, Splendide 8. Other starters: Euroka, Prime Ministor, and Pot Girl. Won hy throe lengths. Time, Smla 201sec. Hamilton Plate.— Donation 1, Musioian 3, Noondoo 3. Ton others. Won by a short h&U-; lougth. Time, 2miu usec. i ? , Second Dat— Tduhbdat. Cleveland Plati, Of 100 sovs. About 1 mile. Mr. J. Morrison us br o Sir Oliver, by The Bake — Olfnu, 3yrs,7sfc 51b (Hurray) ... -... \ Mr. J. Miller's b {C.B., -lyrs, 7st 111b (M'Cabe) 2 Mr. J. Smith's cli o Saturn, Syrs, 7st 101b (Archer) ? 3 Twelve others started. Won by two lengths. Time, lioin «}seo. . '»»n»». . Siees' PBODncs Stakes, ;' . Of 300 sots. 7 furlongs. Mr. J. Ifesbitt's b o The Wandering Jew, by Agameinnou— Maritana, 8st 101b (Eyan) 1 Mr. J. lydemeut as b c Prince Athol, by Phil Athol-Qucen, Sst 101b (Strickland) .9 Mr. W. B. Baker's oh c iouTolio, by Stookdalo -Jilt, Sst 101b (M'Cabo) ... ', ... „. ... s Other starter: Jessie Agnes. Won in s- center byfivelenirtlm. Time, lm& 37seo. '''''., Bbishank Cop, , Of 500 sovs, with a trophy valued at 100?s,,the gift of the president of the Queensland Turf Club. About 2 miles. Mr. P. Nolan us oh f Splendido, by Splendour— Colima, Syra, 8st 31b (F. Smith) ... ? 1 Mr. J. M-QlU's br 0 Musioian, b ?Westminster- Music, 4yrs, 7st 61b (G. Miller) ? . 2 Mr. W. Flynu's b 0 Talkativo, by Wheatmeat— Ycllena, Syrs, Sst Sib (M. Eyan)... ... „ » Other starters: Kenlm 9st 111b, King Olaf 8st 131b, Elj-roas Sst 111b, Sing Sone 7st 71b. Docor Ost 121b. Lord lioadhii'tou 6st 101b. Betting : 2 t o 1 v King Olaf, 4 to 1 each Talkative and Muoiclan 5 to 1 Keulm, and 12 to 20 to 1 others. Talkative led to the turn for home, whero Splendide beat him in a stride, uud rah home without aa effort a winner by kix. lengths. Time, 8mm 41}seo. Tho gome woi vory heavy. Gkand National Hukdle Race Of 126 suvs. About 2; miles. Mr. H. Linuoll's b g Manoron, by Penman— Quakeress, aged, Out 21I- nud . j'b over IU01 don) 1 Mr. T. Gallagher us b g Tho Loafer, nged, UM Dlb(UalliiKhei) . ... .. ... s Mr. 1\ W. de .Icrsoy's gs Zanco, need, Sst anil Sib over Ql'dbe) ? 3 Two others started. Won easily by sevoral lengths. Time, Omin IIloc. . Scarborough Stakis, Of lIMsovs. 0 furlongs. Mr. J. Russell's br k Dillon, by Arehio— Khta Kearnej.Jjrs, Sit 5!b (Itj au) ... 1 Mr. J. illllcr 1 b c U.U., 4j ra, 8st l)lb (M'Cabo) a Hr. H. Huntei's cli c Tmlcntato, 2yrB, 7st 01b (flood) ? J '. ? 3 Seven others started. Won by two lengths, after u good race. Time, lmiu ISatc. Welteii Handicap, Of 100 sovs. L'niilol furlong. Mr. M. Q.iiri ns br h Dumb Boj , by Wcllinc ton— l.aMuetto, Syrs, list 101b (Ouirk) 1 *«£&?? ch ' 'Mopllone- ?*'? ilsl 1Jlb (J' a W(WaSltoiie-!!''Clk'8 U h Decoru't;i- s»™. 'is* ^J;&S;^t) ™~\\!m*t 12!i: t Ten others started. Won by a neck after a great Tbibd Dat. REDCLirrE Plate, Of 100 sova. 7 furlongs. Mr. .7. Millet's b g C.B., by Ecciult— Blaxland's Oiitnilla, 4yrB, Sst (,1b (M'Cabu) . 1 Mr. J.Piunie's eh t Telephone, 3yrs, Vst 61b (Burke) ? .. .„ 4- Mr. B. 3. Metcalf's ch f Pink, 3yrs, Cst 121b (Murray) ? f Eleven others started. Won by two length* dead heat for second place., Tune, lmin 34sco. CRITERION NUIIBERT HANDICAP, ' Of 100 sovs. For tTro-yoar-olds. 7 furlongs. Mr. W.'J. Watson's ch 0 Marble, by MorvoUom -Elsie, 8st Gib (i\ Smith) ..... . 1 Mr. H. A. Walsh ns br o The Phoenician 7»t (M'Namara) - ? 8 Mr. U. Hunter's br f Ayeshah, 7st'81b (Fliod).'.' 3 Eight others ran. Won by a nook after a good rice, lime, lmiu So^sco. Moretoh 'Handicap, Of 300 bovb. About 1} mile. Mr. J. M'Glll's br c Musician, by Westminster —Musio, 4yrs, 7st 31b (F. Archer) ... I Captain Sandeman's br g Babe), 3yrs, 8st lib (Strickland) ? ... , g Mr.C. W. Murray's oh h King Olaf, 5yrs, Ost (Woodgato) ...' ... ? ,„ s Other starters : licilm Out 111b, Splendido flat. Talkative 8it 71b, Talboy Sst Mb, Dumb Boy Sst Sing Song 7st 81b, Himbibs 7st lib, Detoj ost 121b Saturn (istlilb, SirOlivei w,t 51b, Taboobr. Ost Sib! Bettilig: : * to 1 v Musician, 7 to 1 Spleudide, S to 1 King Olaf, 10 to 1 bar three. A good nice, Mtuiclau winning by ahead iu the last stride. Time, timia 19iseo, v AuTUUN STEErLECHASr, Of ISO bovs. About 3 wiles. Capt. Sandeniau's b g Clarence, bj Waverley— Dudu, need, list 01b (A. Colley) :.. ... ... 1 Mr. A. Longdeu's be Inkerman, aged, lOit lib (Pillou) ? . . a Mr. M. Quuk's ch r Drummer, aged, lOst 31b .(Sinclair) ? 3 , Eight othen started. Won by a length after an exciting iiuish. Pillon, the rider of the second horse, was diaqulllfled for twelve mouths for foul'. riding.1 Botal Stakes, \- ' Of 100 sovs. About It mile.. Capt.' Saudeman'9 br g Babol, 3yrs. 81 1 21b l'' (Strickland) ? ? 1 Mr. J. B. Clarke's b 0 Donation, 2yrs, bst 131b (Murray) ? a Mr. P. Nolan ns oh ( Splondide, Syi's, GstSlb (f' 'Smith)* ? „ „, ... 3 'Other starters: Bealin, Decoy, Primo Ministor,' Tho Wandering Jew.' Won all the way. Time, 2min«lsec. ?-1 '.,?..?'?' . Epbom'Handicap; ' ;,»;,'.'.? Of 100 bovs. About 1 mile. s '' Mr. J. Morrison us b c Sir Oliver, by Tho Hake -Olivia, Syrs, 7st lSIb (Munay) .„ .. .. 1 Mr. J. Kubsell's br g Dillon, iiyis, Sat 131b (Eussell) ? ? 3 ? Mr. A. J. Noud us b g Buckingham, aged, 'st 71b(Shie!di) ... ? ... ... 1....S, . Eleven others storied. Nooudoo etui ttd favorite, but ivui left at the pom. Woa bv a. length. ;,Tun«. sata.Miaa. ^ _ ' \,\ _?* ).'?__ . 