SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. ( Copyright .) By an M.D. I ? Author of « Under a Spell,' « Victoria Cross Valour,' ' Science and Sin,' ' In Love with a Ghost,' ' Condemned to Death,' &c;, , &c.; CHAPTER Ti. J 'ACT C.KSAIt AUT NUEl.Ofl.' As soon aa I had left tho General's house In so abrupt a manner, I turned into his stables and ordered the groom to saddle a horse. Whilst fie waj doing this, I extracted from hi in the route I bad to follow in order to reach St. Uracques. His directions were so clear that I could not possibly miss the road, so, talcing down a heavy hunti n' crop, I Beated myself in the saddle and moved impatiently off. The streets seemed more crowded than usual, and hindered mo from pushing forward as rapidly as I desired, and I had to thread my way in and out of the numerous carts and carriages at a slow walk, varied only occasionally by a sharp trot. At last I reached the barriers, and found my ielf on a long straight road where the traffic gradu ally sank to a minimum, and I was enabled to easo my excited mind by putting the horse into a smart gallop. Soon the houses grew fewer and farther between, tall poplars and hedgerows usurped their places, and I began to feel that J ? was niuuing my destinatimi. Iu a spirit of reckless bedevilment, I urged the horso to his topmost speed, and found a temporary release from carking care in the exhilaration pro duced by rapid motion. As far aB I could judge, I was barely a mile from my destination, yet the ride had made me cast anxiety away, and I only looked forward with joyful expectancy to my rapidly approaching meeting with Ethel. I seemed, to liavo forgotten- the disagreeable explanations I' should have to- make, and tile vile falsehoods I should liavo to combat, before she would take me to her heart again, and,- above all, I never thought of Julie's horrible insinuation, that sho might oven now be married. ... liut my memory , was destined to have an un . t-leasant jog before I saw Ethel. As I careered madly along, I observed a horseman coining sharply towards me from the direction of St. Uracques. At lirst he appeared only-a tiny, speck at the end of the long, straight road ; then the horse and its rider gradually became larger and moro distinct until ? tl toy arrived within 20 yards of nie, when I sud denly reined in, and placed my aninial across the ro:ul so. as to bar the other's passage.: \- 'Out of the way, fellow!' exclaimed a voice-' which made the blood mount to my brain. ?' Apparently you do not recognise me I' I answered. 'Or perhaps you find it more convenient to pretend igiior.uice ! ' . At. the sound of- my voice he started violently, aail raised his eyes to mine. He . evidently had been too deeply immersed : in thought to take notice of any obstruction; in his way until close upon it. 'Why we you . travelling in this direction?' he ? asked', fiercely. ? ? ' . ? - , 'To call upon Miss Brandon,' I answered; unable to supprcs-, a gleam of tniunph. : 'She will i'efiuaii to. sei! you. Julie: has been beforehand, ., aud j torn , your . character into such iniiuite. fragments, that l should not wonder if the groom has; received instructions to rdrive you olt? the premises.' . ' J. warn you not to be insolent, Mons; llubosque;' -The object ot my visit-to Miss tlraiidou is to unmask your real character so thoroughly, that even a 'con victed felon would more readily 'obtain access to her, .than the Marquis de Dijonnais, -a ? perjurer, a liar,- and a cheat,.' .,- My words produced the eftect they were intended ;i to. The Marquis gave vent- to , a - furious oath, spurred his horse -savagely; , and vbounded . ' towards j ine with- his iwhip raised, ready to strike me acro£v* the face. - lint, I bad calculated' upon his movements; ' anil a gentle touch on the off rein brought my horso r -round, .and allowed. my. antagonist: to shoot past me; ' .striking the- empty air as lie did so; -Then , came ? my opportunity. A slight application : of 'the spur' would have brought me alongside; oniini. before '1110;. could have turned to defend himself, anil then my heavy., crop '.would have descended witlr. eudicrush ing force as to knock -him senseless from the saddle. For just one second I gloated like a fiend at -having the man who had worked me such irreparable ? mis chief in my power ; :I spurred my horse; .raised -tlio.' crop, and then lowered it again;; '.without -making use of my advantage ! ? This man, at one ' time, had been: to- me like a brother, and I could- not, at the -? critical moment; bring myself to inflict upon him a: disgi-aco which could only be wiped out in ' blood. 'I spare you the degradation !' I cried, as I wheeled my- iiorse and once moro faced liini. He was perfectly cognisant that this manoeuvre had placed him in. my power, for lie politely thanked mo for the forbearance I hail shewn, adding- that-ho was all the more obliged to me; as it would: be very unbecoming to: appear : at the altar on ,the morrow with a cut and discoloured face. , ? ;i ; ; e His last remark was, disconcerting, but 1 deter-:,, mined to conceal my, anxiety; I presume you have : repented of . :?- j'our . tconcluct towards Julio !'v: I -.- exclaimed. . ,'^SIie will make, a : beautifub bride, aud i I therefore wish you-overy happiness.' ^ : ' ,? ; ' I alluded to j my , approaciiing marriago with :Miss' Braiidon,' answercd tlie Marquis; calmly. ? ' I burst into a loud,.- defiant laugh,: 'There's many.a slip 'twixt, the cup and the lip,' I quoted. ?'It is a.goocl old English proverb, and I am about to have tho pleasure. of; proving its unerring truth to you.- .Good. day, 'Mous.i do Dijonnais: ' . I must loiter . no: longer,, for :I am:keeping a: ladyi waiting' : I; -rode, i slowly past- him, j while - he- sat'; as immovable :is a statue in his saddle.' I 'had: gone: . but a; very few yards when lie called after mo, 'Stop, Gerald, I implore you !' 1 slowly turned and once more met. him. ,? ' Do you know what you are about to do? , he asked in an agitated voice. ?' Certainly,', I -replied. :'No man could. know his -; own intentions better.' 'You do not!' lie answered, excitedly/ '.'You cannot be aware of -all tho consequences, which.' will accrue from' the-step you are about to take. Yon. will be successful in wresting Ethel. from : me, ' but the moment you do it, she and: her brother will be.;' imupers, for I hold every franc, of . their fortune lur my grasp.' '???jo far, that is nothing very.: serious, for- I-.am ricli enough to replace them in possession ,nf ; the money so skilfully snatched from ?? thorn.-'' t -'IF ? .that was all you had to tell me, Mons. ? de Dijonnais, -it was hardly worth stopping nie for.' '.v -. -v v 'There is another cousequeuco which will result ? from your victory,' said ?} the Marquis; solemnly: Itut as: it will utTect neither Ethel noi-you, I need not trouble you with mentioning it.' 'Come !' 1 replied. - 'lt:is lurdl.v: fsir- to -make . me waste my precious moments in nsteiiuig to; mere ?? hints and immendiies.' . 'A!i ! -Time indeed is wasted away from - Utliel,' replied the Mai'quis, in a trembling, voieij. '?'??You ? are. her lirst lover, Gerald,: and although i Julie' has: poisoned her mind against yon to 'such an- extent, that she 1ms consented to wed nie to-morrow, yet I, feel that your appearance to plead your, cause in person will result-in my being : dismissed ' with ignominy.'. IT it is to be so, it will bo only what 1 deserve; for it is. useless to conceal from you that I have used every artifice, 'have., stooped to . overy degradation, and have devised the most nefarious schemes to drive you from her,- anil win. Iici'. to: myself. When I (irst knew you in Loudon, ; I held honour as niy.inost priceless possession; then I met Ethel, and -learned that her devotion to .you was a fatal stumbling block to the- passionate love with which she inspired me;' My downward .path is as well known to you as to me, but believo mo, Gerald, that throughout it all, I lelt for you the affection of.ii: brother, and the bitterest moments of my- life have : been tlioso in which you havo clasped my \- hand in loyal friendship whilst I was; plotting to ruin your dearest hopes.' ; ? .'?I am sorry for you,' I gontly said. 'But I cannot alter my determination to seek an interview with Ethel, for the future of three lives depends upon it.' ' 'Tho future of two only,' hastily exclaimed De Dijonnais. 'Put me asido altogether, for I Iwve played my last stake and have lost.' After a moment's hesitation, lie continued, 'Nevertheless., I will accompany you back to St. liracquen and await, in the lane, the result of of your visit. Come to me at the expiration of an hour, and tell m.e my fate. If it is adverse, I will bid you an etorna adieu, for if I cannot be Gesar I will be nobody I will cease to be ! ' 'Do not let disappointment urge you to anytbiie rash!' I exclaimed, alarmed at his threat.. 'Snub' is but a cowardly shirking of responsibility.' 'You have mistaken your vocation, Gerald,' sai' De Dijonnais, endeavouring, to assume' an air' o'. gaiety. 'You -preach so admirably, that your word? have impressed me. with the idea that. iny carcasi is more valuable than I thought it. Hence, I sup pose I ought not, to damage it without the sperio - permission of It bon J-itu 'It is too serious a subject to joke upon, ' 1 r« plied, somewhat sternly. At this rebuke, De Dijonnais became silent, iui-'i we rode on side by side into the village of St. Bracques. At the farther end, he pointed out a large white, stuccoed villa, and hoarsely whispered, 'She is there!' My heart, beat fast at the announce ment, but its pulses were those of hope, 'whereas I noticed that my companion's face became ' more haggard, and that au attempt at nonchalance vn-- a miserable failure. ' . : - ' We rode together to the gate, and there tliu Marquis wrung my hand, exclaiming, ' Remember, I can only wait one hour.' Then he slowly walked his iiorse away from the house, whilst I entered and went quickly up the drive. The hall door was barely opened to my impatient summons, when,- l away to the right amongst the trees, I caught a i glimpse of a white-robed figure, moving slowly. and gracefully along. I could not mistake the lithe and active movements, so familiar to me in the happy, bygone days. Hastily throwing tho reins to tho man-servant, I muttered some words to the effect that I saw Miss Brandon in the garden, and would make mv way to her unannounced. Then, to the utter destruction of my dignity, and the astonishment of the' open mouthed ' domestic, I started oft at a .rapid run towards 'Ethel. The path was very narrow and tortuous, and wound with sharp curves amongst tull laurels, 'which for the nioni6nt concealed her from ' my* longing gaze. The noise I made a's I crashed through all;obstaclcs arrested her attention, and when I saw ? lier again, she was standing still, facing ihe, with an expression of wonderment which changed to ono of agitation as she recognised her visitor. ' .IIown pale, and lovely sho looked, . as she stood there,' mute and motionless from, as 1 hoped, bur joyful surprise at seeing me ! 'I have found you at last, Ethel, darling!' I ex claimed, extending-my hand to take hers, preparatory to giving her a warmer and more loving greeting. But she shrank from tlie contuct and hastily re'coilei a few steps !'. Then 1 remembered, for. tl;e:iirst time.-, the awful calumnies I had to refute '.before 1 could hope that she would even condescend to be on terms of irieiidship. - It also flashed across me that' I. was ': addressing a girl on the eve of her- wedding day. with siidi-a passionate intonation' of voice, as 'to thoroughly justify hor action in/shrinking from me. ? , 'I liavo much to explain, many falsehoods to dis- ? prove,' I stammeied. 'I: decline . to ; listen to you!' answered Ethel, curtly. . 'It is useless besides it is too late.' 'Ts it useless because . you'have elected to believe ? the assertions of a girl \tiio is your lover's, decoy ? duck ?,',' I exclaimed, with irritatioii. :???-. 'Her assertions are backed up by your: letters; t.' ?her ! : ; Anil .neither Mdlle. de Savigny,: nor any othf:. woman, iwoiild make nie: the recipient of such a sa / conlidence sunless; it were;: A Such being my ; opinion, -any .'.further conversiu'iii between -us wouh not only be useless, but painful.' 'Then I may conclude that .it is your fixed inte:i t.ion to believe, in preference to me, tbe'Maripiis or Dijonnais, who has tricked you out of your lortime and Mdlle.'de-Savigiiy, who was betrothed rtiily sliort time ago to j'our future, husband, but '.who Intf-. ? resigned lier claims upon him : in ' your favour^ io consideration: of a sum ;ol': . two hundred .-.thousand.. francs' ? -: Come EtheU' I -00111111111111/ changing- iny . , . indignant tones' to those o I persuasion, , 'i grant in, -tlio-: prisoner's '. right- to- plead his'own , cause, -and 1 , will ; conclusively prove ' that you ? and :V are tie victims 'of as , foul a conspiracy as ever disgraced tlu; name of man. llasit 'never occurred to you to asi :: me to account ' for my mysterious 'disappearanr from London, and for, my equally im'sterious re-a)' pearaiiee in.Paris under the guardianship of a niai ? . knowuto 1 you as Do --Dijonnais,' but for a long tini. known - to.-.-me- only as v l)ubo-ique, president of : revolutionary society ? : The Marquis told me t;h:r ; to- morrow, was lixed for his wedding, but when; h ascertained that I was determined t,o see you, h almost'abiindoned hope and; confessed his villuinie He is 'now awaiting my return to hear his fate, ;i 11 ; I have, promised to convey to him your verdict. ' ? 'Ethel at Inst- granted me. a hearing; audi succinctly-. ;iiarratcd' every incident of'iny lil'e from the momen'. I wasiforced away, from; London up to . the storm;, interview with Julie in the lienerars hous'.' 1 ; con cealed nothing 1'rom her, and the very franknes? 0 my confession convinced her of its truth.- 'lVo ; Gerald ! she softlyexclaiined, as 1 came to the en ot my. recital. .''Poor Gerald ! lfow miserable yor : must havc felt, at being a prisoner in the.' hancB o such a set of assassins ! ' 1 , '? My miser}' consisted in being separated fro; : you,'.I.answ'ered, at last gaining possession of be coveted hands. 'Hut tell: 1110, Ethel; can- you lie : lieve. every word of the strange story I have lo! ' you ? ' . '1; can: believe anything you tell 1110. and. -I wa; : mail;:to?.;iloubt ? ..your; honour ! lor an ,in3lant. l!«. quickly;! and; beg the Mn rquis to set , * mo .s free I mm this' distasteful .marriage,', for I cannot do violence U my foldings now that 1 know you anr true:' - '' Have: no fear- as to the success of-my interview.' I replied, ' gaily. 'The 5Iar(|ius lias gained your con 8(!iit'liy /fraudulent repri.'sentations^'ind if !«.i rel'uae? to accede t,0; your request . I shall tliriaten t;, imhlish his. conduct .towards me in every club : ae.fi ittfi in Paris.' ' Ileal gently with : liim,' pleaded Ethel, 'for 1 fear . tliat'his great love for- nib has been the cause of his unfortunate sacrifice of, honour.' :? ; 'The blow shall be. softened by every, means ' i 11 my, power, for I give;him:the credit of being sincere in liis.passbin for you.:, lie will bo now impatiently expecting, - 1110, so tbefore I leave, treat . nie;' liiliel. ; as you used to ! ' v I did not await, her permission;, but took her; into my arms and fondly .caressed her. Joy was crowned - with supreme happiness as her sweet lips met mine,.: and I knew, that in. that- kiss she had meant. me to be .assured -tliat^I -was,' her: only: love, and;, tiiat liei i reconciliation was perfect. ? ' ' ?? 'r\yilight'was-deeppniiig into dusk' as . r siow! ; - ' retraced iny, steps through'. the shrubbery; after 'Etlnv:: bad left me. K01 .1 moment 1 stood t vatihing In 1 figure moving towards the house,- and thought;, wit i-= a thrill, of deiiglit. that this lair, creature would at last.be mine, to be the joy and com fort ol a lit. which had been so' sorely tried. . Krom this lover':' reverie 1 was aroused; by the sharp crackling o! some dead leaves, valid the iiext instant the liagiriir , eyes of Ue Dijonnais were peering -into:!, mine , ? witi . a wild -glare' Avliich betokened incipient insanity ? ' I have heard all,- anil '.seen'; a! I ! ' : he : exclainiei', ' in a voice- so unlike his rown,-,thati* hail 1 not beei. able - to , recognise' his face, 'I -should.' never have imagined it to be his. . '?Theii'you liave lightened lny-task,' I answered, , kindly;:.:'— Of.' course; 1- should 'be a '.'.'hypocrite/; lo pretend to be sorry at the turn events' have ' taken, Imt, 'believe' me; I sympathise with you deeplyi'' . 'Dovnot offer what' T do not ask for ! I ? iniagini.--l I could, meet you calmly, wlien you came to give nie iny. seiitenco: of; death, -and so I . should - have;, done, , had: I not- impatiently followed' you, and . witnessed tlief tendor.: caresses : which . passed . between you. That' sight drove away ;my philosophy, and aroused ? all the1 evil 'fiends. wlio have taken possession of::my ? hearti?.. When 1; felt their presence I' made a compacr ? with' them that they 'should have . my - soul, if lliey ; would aid 1110 in killing » every: man ; who.;: iilioul 1, : dare to look: upon Ethel with eyes of ' love. - Tell . me that you- will- surrender her,; or, by Heaven; 1 ^ ..'Will ? '?!'?' 'What madness are you contemplating ?.' I- asked, ', eyeing him as narrowly as the darkness would. / permit, for a conviction began to take possession:: of 1110 that the man had either been 'drinking - heavily during my absence, or that the cer'a ity of / his losing the girl no so passionately wcrdiippcd ! had temporarily unsettled his reason. '' 'Do you call it madness ?' he asked, with a'llis cordant laugfi. 'I o«M it the acme of sober-minded., tes«ou to send the long train of suitors, ouo by , | one, to where they can never interfere with ma again.' 'Your cold-blooded, jeering way of talking is horrible!' I exclaimed. 'For goodness sake do not put such fearful emphasis 011 your words, or you will make me think you aro in earnest.' 'I am in earnest!' I10 answered, so slowly and deliberately that I could not mistake his meaning. As ho spoke, I detected a slight, click, the ominous sound of which could be imitated only by the cock ing of a revolver ! ' M Do not let us have any playing with dangerous weapons,' I said sternly. 'Put your rovolver down, and ponsent to discuss the matter quietly.' 'Will you answer my questions?' replied tlio Marquis. \- ' Certainly. As many as you like.' ' Do you love Ethel Brandon ? ' '?Of course I do, I answered sharply. *Is it your intention to marry her ?' 'You know it is, as well as I do myself.' 'Then you must bo removed ! ' A little flash of flame, a cracking report, and a Jtinging, burning pain in my side was all that I Jomembered, for my senses deserted 1110 and I fell 1' prone to the ground. An hour elapsed before con 1 sciousness returned, and I then found myself lying I on a sofa with Jack Brandon standing by my side, and Ethel's sweet, palo fuse, bedewed with tears, bending over me. Seated in a chair at tlio foot of the sofa was an elderly man whom I rightly con jectured to be a surgeon. 'What has become of De Dijonnais ?' I asfted, 1 with a confused recollection of his wilil_manner and his treacherous shot. ? : ' He galloped off directly he had tried to murderyou,' answered Ethel, tearfully. ' We rushed out of tho house at the first sound of tiring, for I knew at once what it meant, but the Marquis , had already gone, leaving you lying senseless on : the ground.' Tlio surgeon stepped forward and cheerfully, assured me that I bad nothing to fear from my * wound, for it was merely skin deep, anil tho mosl I should suffer would be the inconvenience of keep ing quiet for a few days. He added, with a furtivo glance at Ethel, that I was in very good hands, anil was sure to make a rapid recovery. How can I describe tho intoxicating happiness of the next week? Confined to tho house, with, Ethel as my companion, the hours flew by with amazing rapidity, and tho end of each found nie more and more rapturously in love. A sharp pang of grief startled 1110 suddenly from this Elysium. . I took up tho paper one morning, and clianco directed my attention to a paragraph headed' 'Sad death of a nobleman.' Tho nobleman : was ? the Marquis de Dijonnais, and the Parisian- journal: minutely described his untimely, end, summing up \- its account .by hinting- that it looked moro like ? a case of suicide than of death by misadventure. Careless handling of a revolver, amounting . almost ?-to criminal recklessness, brought/about the catastrophe, according to the statement of his friend in whose rooms tlio sad event' took' place. Tlio : writer of the paragraph was not far beside the mark, for both Ethel and I knew that this 'misguided 1111111, great in his passionate love and great in his lapse from honour, had voluntarily' chosen death ..'.rather, than survive the wreck of his. hopes, anil the. terrible : : degradation of his once upright character; . There . was much in: him to love, as well -as much to de spise, yet when I recalled the days of .our constant -..companionship, and his sincere efforts to make' my position as pleasant as- possible, I forgot ' all -his ' faults, regarded his attempt 011 my life as due to , temporary insanity, and mourned,, sincerely for his sail and premature end.. In what was probably the last-act of his life, lie still evinced his .overpower . ing. devotion to Ethel. His will,- which was dated ?on the day of his. death, gave her -the possession of all his real anil, personal property, which' was:; of, considerable value; ' To Julio-; do Savigny ? lie' also loft - a large- sum, ? sufficient to place her abovo dependence on her uncle ; and thus, having done an. ? act of.- justice, he finished his mortal; career by }uiciile ! ? . The atmosphere ofil'aris became: very depressing : after all .these, sad eyents, : and Ethel quite ; agreed ? with mo that Home; ;b-7?et home ': ;was thoi . best . place in which; .to ; recruit our. despondent, -spirits; ; ; - Kor.myself, I' was terribly anxious' to reach London, /Bo as to'tako the; earliest opportunity of - getting tlio ; , odious sentence of madness passed upon me reversed; for until that had taken place I was a nonentity .-.nnd not fit to repeat the solemn marriage vow. Tho . day after poor De.- Dijonnais' funeral, which Jack and, I made, a point :.of. attending,, . we landed at Dover and- hurried- by express 'to tho Metropolis, -.?.?where the Brandons took 'apartments,' whilst. I went to llaj'swaterto present myself to my; uncle,' whom I had' apprised by telegram of my ( approaciiing \- arrival.. His astonishment at my re-appearance was ? . overwhelming, and his surprise at my perfect sanity was ludicrous I He positively : acted as : if I hail ? no right whatever to sound sense and reason, and . ? when' I hinted that my chief object in coming, to ; England was to assume the control of ,-my property : ho began to bluster and to give his opinion that, if the Lord Cha ncellor was so weak as to accede to my request, I should not havo a penny piece remaining at the end of a year ! I laughed at liim heartily, rallied him on wishing ? to keep me-under his tutelage, and finally got au . invitation to take up my abode at his house whic| J accepted with pleasure. (To be continued.) ' , \- iNSTitucToit : ' What , does Condillac say about brutes in the Bcalo of being?' Student: 'Ho . says' a; brute is an imperfect, limn.' Instructor : ' Amiwhatis man?' Student: 'Man is a perfect. ? brute.' : ' I.siiay, my trion', can you ? (hie) tell mo -.??where, tlio other side of the street, is ?' 'f Certainly.; , . just across tlio way ;; why ilo you nsk?' : r'.'AYhy (hie) . because aminute ago I asked -another .fellor the siuno / thing, imd.(hic) he suid this was the other side of tlio .. street.' :: Toiiii'i'iinit; they wore looking over tlio paper;.. . ' Oh: :my; how, funny !' she said; ;: 'What- is it?' ho. asked; .; '.Why, hore'sanadvortisonient.lhat says, 'no ? ? reasonable offer refiised.''' ' What's so odd. about . / that.?': ' Nothing, nothing,'1' she replied, trying ito ?. '. blush, v ' only; thoso ; lire ? exactly: my sentinients.' -, If that young . mail, hadn't taken the hint/ imd ? proposed then- and tliero slie would have. hated him..; t; In 11 certain clergyman's family. the ? conversation . t urned upom the charact er of the baby— r .why lie was so iiaught.y. ? The brother, who had reached the ago' of IS;' awl was: studying tlio; steam; ongino iiv tlio;'. . int erval of . cat eohism; gave vent, t o his authority ;in l.lio , following suggestive roply -. 'l'lijia, as wo all .inherit; : the sill of'Adani, and tlio baby is sticlra little fellow, /?is thero not.' 11 grealor, pressure of . sin, to t lie 1 square inch 011 t ho baby than 011 tho rest, of ns?'i /j . ^ , ' ill! .'patient;-':' Do not. fret, anil .fnino.. over tlio . :. troubles, of I his lifo/l don't think ii niosfjuito is a very ? . agreeable - companion,; but;' I/should.: hot- want for a - friend a innn who would rnu nrouiid iill day Ui get, rid . ? of a inosquito. . . Wj) are ail soldiers on the.vniarf-h. to -. : vielory; and it is a sliiiino for iuen to run through. all .; t lie- moods and. tenses of discoid «nt. and die for ever reproaiiliiiig jGod: because their, lot iis . harder than - . tlml. : ol':';,sonio (ifi their fellows.'-- Henry Ward III :'f In 1 TuiMuajorily of fellows wlio al,teni|)l. lo ini'iko fun of a:inolherriiiTlaw were never blest with one. AlANV/years' iigo.i at a dinner, parly'; in-.'. Glasgow, ? ; there- was present air advocate , olV' rat her sharp practice, fond of giving f.oastH and seii(,imen(j-.:.Af(or t lie , ' clot li;- . was roiuovcil-' iind ; tlio ' hot tin ; had . gone round'.ionco/or; twice, the . ladies; wilhdrew , to. the lighter pleasures of the^drawing-room— nil but one very ])lain, old maid. Sfie remained- behind, and as ,j ? the conversation began to gel. a liltlo niasculine, our ?friend of f.lio. 'long robo ' ? was anxious lo get, rid of, , . tlio .'' ancient, ' nnd' Tor-, t ho purposo - nil her preniii , lurely , asked 'riirumbs tlio ? ? privilege ; of ? giving - a. , / loasl. . This boing granted; ho rose nnd giivo.lhe old , toast, of, ' Honest; 111011 and bonnio latscs.'. The toast; was drimlf.with all the honours, when the diiiuo, who;.; ..was Bitl inginext,' to tho 'lawyer, , rose from her seat, , ? gave fho. lawyer 11 poke in: t he ribs with tlio end of . her i: finger,- aud .having said, ' Air. ? , that, toast. . ; neither applies to you nor nie.'.' left tho room. '? S11.M11 rsoldiers i wlio wero quartered; in a country . village, wJien they1 mel. at llio roll-call, wero asking ono! another what kind of quarters they had got. Ono of them said lie had got. vory good quarters, but, : Ihoslrimgcsttliiiidlndy ever he had—she always took him oil';/ Ilis comrade said lie would go along with ;hini,:iind would l.'ike her oil; He accordingly went, .? and offering to shake hands with her, sidil. *' llow are :you,' Elspa (that, was lier mime) ?' ' Indeed, sir?' ; said sho 'ye hue Ihe better o' 1110 ; I dinna ken you.' : 'Dear Elspn, do ye no ken me? 1 am the devil's Bister's son. ? ??' Dear save ns,' quoth she, looking him broadly, in the face. ' Oh, man, but ve're like your uncle.' .Tnniin is less devotion lo principle llian lo appetite. ? Tin: current of hale will wash away the foundation of love. , . 