| ;..v ivQgal -gfe 'Q.eaegal i - Some good work has recently been done at the Railway1' Wharf- in course of con struction. Mr Austin has recently been having a temporary pier erected, bo that vessels arriving from . the North- West Coast withthe supplies of timber required may berth alongside and unship their cargoes without delay. The efficacy of the pier will: make it3elf apparent in' many ways. In order to have it constructed as expeditiously as possible the labour has, we ' ;understand, been- taken' off' the pile driving so that more hands may - be con-' centrated on the more urgent but tem porary work. ? ' '- ' ' : ; Thb ordinary trains arriving at the city station during the .last few weeks have been exceptional long ones, and the quan tity of goods being carried over the Govern-, ment railways IB said to be largely on the1 increase, . : ? :? ??'?? '-'?.' ;- ; ' Thb usual weekly meeting of the Laun ceston Parliamentary Debating Society; 'was held in the Mechanics' Institute on; May. 13, when there was a goodatten'dance; 'of members and. the gerieral public, ', The; 'Spebker(Mr J..B. Waldron) took the chair at| 8 o'clock, and after a new member had been introduced, several notices of motion were; given. Mr M. E. Robinson .(Treasurer) made his financial statement, in which he; referred at leneth to the present position : of the colony. He ' announced that the Ministry intended to introduce an income tax and a scheme of retrenchment. A, spirited debate ensued, in which the follow ing members spoke — Messrs F.J. Pritchard, W. J. M' Williams (Premier),' G. C. Gil more, J. G. Blundell, R. W. Smith, J. V. Sullivan (Postmaster- General) ,' A. Webster, and E.;g. Miller, the last-named gentleman ; moving the adjournment of the debate, ' which motion was seconded by Mr I. Morris arid carried. The Premier announced that Mr A. Miller. (Minister of Lands) would make the public works statement on May 20, after which the ' debate on the budget would beresutned.'Th^House then adjourned. , On May.13 judgment was delivered on the application of Johnson v. The Union Steam Ship Company for a new trial. . It will be remembered that this case, which was heard in February last, creating great interest in commercial circles, was a suit brought by the plaintiff to recover, com pensation from the Union Steam Ship Com pany for damage done to gpods consigned to the plaintiff . during transit by .one of the company's vessels, the s.s. Corinna. The Commissioner, after considering the very peculiar law relating to carriage by sea-ships not coming under the Common - Carriers' Act,' non-suited the plaintiff, but gave him leave to apply for a new trial, which he did on May 13. this application was refused. The plaintiff's counsel, Mr G: C. Gilmore, is now engaged in collecting evidence in a similar case, in which the Colonial Sugar Refining Company- are suing a shipping company for damages doneto goods during transport by sea, It is the intention of one of the members of the Legislature to! propose^ riextsession an amending, act in connection ? with the licensing laws. In the . new act there are certain clauses which clash considerably with others, and these it is intended to harmonise. Under the old act a man who owned or was trustee for an hotel had to take out a license in the name of the man tie put in, with the result that the latter often, after getting the license, might openly defy the person who had installed him. Under the, present act this cannot be done ; the proprietor or trustee ' must take out the license in his own name, aud as no man can hold more than one . license this is provocative; of much trouble aud dispute. '' . ' '....? The remains of the late Mr B. H. Ever shed were onMay 13 laid in their last resting place' in the Scotch Cemetery. The funeral cortege left Christ Church at 2p.m., after a most interesting, and solemn service, at which the ' Bev. Mr Law was the officiating clergyman, ; assisted by , Mr R. A'.; Tarleton. Many young men. were present at the service, a number of them being members of the Milton Literary Club, by whorri the deceased was held in great esteem. After a brief, but impressive aud effective address by '. the Rev. W. Law, the hymn ' When our heads are bowed with, woe' was sung, and at the c inclusion of the service the organist' (Mies Frost) played the ' Dead.march in Saul.' The hearse was followed by the relatives and friends of the 'deceased, among the latter being the deacons of Christ Church At the grave the service was read by Mr Law, and a very earnest prayer wap offered by Mr Tarleton. A profusion of floral wrtaths.embletns and crosseo wereforwarded by numerous friends, conspicuous among them being the wreaths sent by St. Luke's Church Choir, Zeehan, and the; Christ Church Literary Society. The memorial device' sent by the latter was bound with tho colours of the club, whose, monogram was also worked in violets in the centre. The deep sympathy shown by * all the friends of the deceased has touched his family more than they can tell or thank them for, arid the abundant' evidences of esteem and; loving tokens' of sorrow which have . been displayed must .have been, a great solace to. ttienY in their sad bereave ment. The f aneral arrangements were conductedjby Mr D, Storrer. i An important literary enterprise has been decided upon Mr W. T Stead, the well ; known editor ofrthe RevUw of, Rcyieius, has j made arrangements to root his' famous magazine on Australian soil: The Review I of Reviews is to have an office, and literary ; staff in Melbourne, and will; 'in June next, ?make its appearance in an Australian dress. |The Australian version '.of 'the Review of IJRewiews/which^ill be, published in.'the [cbloriies simultaneously with the EngliRK : edition, will 'consist, of the full. English magazine with a large Australian section, giving a careful study of the political and literary history of the colony for the month. Tbo Australian edition will thus be larger than either the English or American, editions, tho very largest form, in fact,-, of, the Review of Reviews published. ? It is ,to be sold, however, at the present rates. The English edition of the Review , of Reviews will not be sold in tho colonies after the. May number. , .. Mb Jules Joubbbt having completed his. duties as general manager oil the -Tas- ; manian International Exhibition, took his departure from Launceston by express on. Saturday, for Hobart, where he intends tutting up nis resilience in oraer io carry out to a successful issue tho exhibition pro posed to be held at tho capital. Mr. H. A. Percy, secretary to the Exhibition Commis sioners, Mr D. Fergus Scott, official agent for Victoria, and several of tho officers of the Exhibition were on the platform to wish Mr Joubert farewell. Mr L. Saber accompanied Mr Joubert: to Hobart. . r -.The preliminary returns pf the British/ army snow that on January 1, 1892, the effective strength; was 211,600 of all ranks and arms, while the number authorised was 21G.8C0. Of these numbers 71,000 were ' stationed in England and Wales, 1850 in the Channel Islands, 4000 in Scotland, 27,000 in Ireland, 3300 in Egypt, 31.5C0 in British colonies, and 73,000 in India. The first- class army reserve numbered 68,421.; the militia, 112,201 ; the yeomanry 10,710, . and the volunteers ,222,046. The grand total of men available for oflonce and de fence was 625,500, exclusive of the native army of India. , ? i On Saturday morning, before Mr E. Whitfeld, J.P., a resident from Zeehan was charged on warrant with -having, on tho 26th ult. obtained from one M. E, Adams a quantity of sawn timber by means of false pretences. Mr M. J. Clarke appeared for the accused, and on the latter being re manded for a wfiek applied for bail, which was granted, himself in .£100 and one surety of .£100. ' R.E.H.' s.ends us 10a for the Cleaver Fund, which shall bo duly forwarded. , Thb certificate of the British Horo logical Institute, London, has been awarded to Arthur H. Field, of this city for prac tical watch-repairing. Mr Evershed, the secretary of the Government Technical School (of which Mr Field is a studort in the electrical class) ,was appointed super visor,: by . the British Institute. The ex amination papers and specimens of prac tical work done were forwarded by Mr Evershed to London about five months ago- with the successful result above stated. The certificate came to hand last mail, and , is, signed by Lord Grimthorpe, president j Thomas Hewitt, ? chairman of . council ; and F.J. Britten, secretary ; all three well known names to watchmakei'3. We believe that Mr Arthur Field is the first watch maker in these colonies to receive the certificate of the British Horological In stitute. . The Commissioners of Fisheries offer ; sixpence per head for black and black, . and white cormorants destroyed in all inland waters until June 30. Mr H. W. Knight,, secretary to the Commissioners of Fisheries, Hobarfc, will cash all tho cer tificates, which, may be obtained from tho nearest police station in exchange for the heads. : . . It was announced at the Church of the Apostles on Sunday that Mr Alfred Murphy bad died recently in Victoria. The many friends whom Mr Murphy made whilst in business in Launceston will regret to hear of his demise. : He was, a native of Tas mania, and many of his relatives reside here now, including Dr. Murphy, of this city. , , ;: Mb E. A. Cotjnbeii, Deputy Surveyor General, accompanied by Mr J. G. Shield, wovernmenc valuator, arrived ay express train from Hobart on Monday, and left by the 3-15 p.m. train for tlie North-Wesfc Coast, en route to Whyte River and HeazleT wood. Their principal business there is to value residence areas, a great many of which have been taken up, and applications sent in for valuation by p wons wishing to pur chase. As soon na the upset prices are fixed and the value of the improvements estimated by those in occupancy, the land will be advettised for sale, residents,; of course, having the right to purchase pri vately. ' After the business of valuation is concluded, the officials mentioned will return to;Launceston, and then proceed to Lefroy. : Me D. Fergus Scott, official asrent for Victoria at the Ta&manian; Exhibition, re turned to Melbourne by the steamer Coogee on Monday, Messrs H. A. Percy, F.. N. Meadows, and several gentlemen who have been officially connected with the Exhibition attending at the wharf to wish him good-by. During his stay in Laun ceston Mr Scott has rendered himself deservedly popular. Not only did he further the interests of the colony with which he was connected, but it is generally, admitted that. for the success which baa been achieved the commissioners are in a great measure indebted to him. We hope to hear that the Victorian Government has decided to recognise Mr Scott's untiring efforts in a substantial manner. ; In accordance with the arrangements; made for the funeral of the late Mr B. H. Evershed (says the Zeehan and Dundas Herald,), the members of the ? lodge met at the Masonic Hall, and . thence proceeded to St. Luke's Church, where part of the funeral servico was read by Bro.' R3V. Oberlin Harris. Besides the Masons,: there were present strong con tingents. -of the? members of the United- , Ancient Order of Druids, of the Federal Cluby and .various other. friends, who came, to do .the last honour to. their depart-vl- brother and townsman. . The rev. gentle-^ man said:, a, few.- appropriate, words in, reference to the dead, and after the con clusion of the service, those present walked ' to the place whence the coffin was to be ? taken to the station. The Masons, followed ? by their ofnoe-bearers, preceded the coffin, : which was carried in turns by 'members of the Federal Club, of : which Mr Everahed was a member, ' the cortege being closed by the members of the U.A.O.D. Arrived at the railway station the M. jons filed up on both sides, thuB permitting the coffin to be carried on to the platform, where Bro. Rev. Oberlin ' Harris read the laBt part of the funeral ? service. There were a great number of ?'? people present on the platform despite the inclement state of the weather. The coffin was placed in the train, en route for Laun ceston, and the brother of the departed -gentleman accompanied it. The funeral ceremony was the concluding scene in the \- life' and death of our departed townsman. Ho has gone, and has not even found a resting place on the field, but we all shall riot forget him, and give him that place in .'?our memory which he deserved by the merits of his lifetime. :?' At a number of the small stations along ? the Main Line of railway some substantial improvements have lately been made. At Clarendon, Snake Banks, Epping, and ' other places good platforms and sheds have been provided, and their general appear ance has been materially improved. The ?accommodation for shunting and coaling »t Conara has been enlarged, while the ?gangers are improving the roadway along the line. : ! Mibs Lilly Lane while riding down Tamar-street on Monday met with an unfortunate accident. The horse stumbled; and threw, the lady, her foot catching in ?the stirrup and her habit on one of the crutches of the saddle, and she was dragged along with her he'ad on the ground. Mr TV. Murnane, who was passing in the vicinity, rushed to the horse's head and ?succeeded in stepping it, while Miss Wilson assisted to extricate the young lady from her perilous condition. ' The particulars of the quiok run made by Superintendent Mahony from Campbell Town to Quamby on May 12 were given in evidence at the Campbell Town Police Court on Monday. It appears that the superintendent journeyed as far as Epping Forest railway station with the de fendant, who, with a friend, left the train at that Btation, Mr Mahony proceed ing to Evandale Junction. Having sent a telegram to Constable Ryan to meet him at Hagley he walked to Perth, and again met the defendant and friend, who had driven over from Epping. He took the train to Hagley station, and walked from thereto the township, and jumping into his buggy drove at once with Constable Ryan to Mr James' Hegarty's farm. Here he made a search for certain sheep which he believed were on the farm, and found them in an adjoining paddock. Having placed the 22 sheep under the charge' of Constable Eyan, he proceeded to try and find Mr Hegarty, but did not succeed until the next afternoon. . ? i ?????' ?'?'Mb' R. 'Walker; ' who ' was 'recently appointed Inspector of Telegraph, and Post;officos, was a passenger to Hobarfby the ordinary train on Monday.1 He will at once enter on the dutiesof his new office; commencing at the capital. ' ''-. ' At the sitting of the FrenohChamber of Deputies on March 26, Father Leith Forbes, a Scotch Jesuit, who has been preaching at - the Paris '? ' Church of St. Clotilde,; was ordered to be expelled the country on the ground of having insulted the' French army in the pulpit. Father Forbes states that what he really slid was this':— 'The young- soldier entering the regiment, Christian and pure, often leaves T .it, owing to the;, numberless external in 'fLuences encouraging debauchery, vicious for life, if not for ever branded- by infamous vice, and struck in.' the very sources of ex istence; People1 boa3t of having at; last ?'' seen1 the disappearance of leprosy and plague, those scourges of another age, but -of what good is progress if men by. their own fault let loose other scourges ?' ? : Ottb Latrobe correspondent writes on 16th inst. : — 4 lecture wa3 given in the Baptist Tabernacle on Friday evening by Pastor Chamberlain on the 'Spanish Armada.' The attendance was not good, and it is to be regretted that more people did not avail themselves of the oppor tunity of hearing ib, as the subject is a most interesting one. Several ladies sang solos during the intervals between the different-parts of the lecture, and a collec tion was taken np at the close in aid of the furnishing fund. Mr P. C. Maxwell, P.M., occupied the chair. — An accident happened yesterday afternoon, fortunately unattended with any serious results. Mr Roe, of Hagley, brother to the Messrs Roe Bros., builders of this town, was returning home to Hagley with a young lady in a pagnal cart, and when a short distance beyond the stone house on the Deloraine road, by some means going down a hill the horse fell, breaking the shafts of the trap and precipitating the occupants on to the road, giving them a severe shaking. The horse's near foreleg and mouth were badly cut.' Mr Francis Rockliff, who lives close by, kindly lent his buggy to take them into Latrobe. This morning, although a little stiff, they are recovered from their accident. Mb W. A. Bv Birchall, who has been appointed Council Clerk for the munici pality ? of Longford, with attendant office's, vice- MrJ. D. Bethune, resigned, entered upon his duties on Tuesday. The pre vious career of Mr Birchall has been one which should render him peculiarly fitted for the work which the various offices en , rtail.and there is no doubt that the appoint ment will be most 'satisfactory. He is' the eldest son of Mr A. W. Birchall, and. has gained the A.A. Degree (first-class). His articles were served principally in the offices of Messrs Douglas and Collins, where the practice is extremely varied, bufc -the. last .year of them was ,; spent at 'Messrs Dobson and Mitchell's, Ho bait. He passed one of the highest examina tions in law, gaining full marks in by one subject, and was admitted as & barrister, solicitor, eto., on July 23, 1880. Since that date, after acting as managing olerk for some years to Mr Alfred Green, solicitor, he has successfully practised his profession at Launceston, and has also been admitted as a notary public for the colonies. Privately Mr Birchall has gained the reapeat and esteem of a large number of residents of the city, and it is hopt'd that his career will be a most prosperous one. With regard to the present discussion concerning the closing and delivery of ship mails, it is worthy ot' remark that the in coming Melbourne mails arrived on Tuesday in Launceston between the hours of 4 and 5 p.m., and could not possibly be delivered until all tiie banks and many of the offices had closed. Notwithstanding this the out going Melbourne mail closed at the post office at 7'3Q next morning. Correspon pondents in Melbourne who desire a reply per return will in many ca,3e3 be disap pointed. At the Baptiat Tabernaole, in Cimitiere straefe, on Tuesday evening Pastor Clarke delivered Spurgeon's celebrated lecture on candles to a large audience, the' building being filled throughout. The platform was profusely decorated and illuminated by over 200 candles, fairy lamps, and Chinese lanterns. The lecture, like mo3t of Spur geon's productions, proved to be replete with wit, and the kind of . dry humour peculiar to the late author of John Plough man's Talk and other kindred works. A preliminary meeting was held on Monday evening at the Tamar-street Church school-room, for the purpose of forming a reading and debating aociety to be culled the Tamar-street Literary Circle having as its object the mutual improve, ment'of Its members in general literature. The meeting was an enthusiastic one; and the following office-bearers were eleoted .— President, Rev. J. Ot. Wright; secretary, G. T. Freeman; treasurer, Mr Hinman ; committee to select books,' Rev. J. G. Wright,.&. T.. Frseman, Miss Gurr; We are informed that the following list of books has been submitted as being suitable for the purposes of the society, and that the suggestion has been' approved: — Coventry Patinore's ' Angel in the house,' Dickens's ' Cricket on the hearth,' Shake speare's ' Tempest,' Macaulay's ' Warren Hastings,' W. S. Landor's 'Imaginary conversations,' C. Kingsley's 'Alton Locke,' Bunyan's ' Grace abounding,' Pinkertqn's 'Early Australian voyages.' The association' will meet on Monday even ing next, when the Rev. J. G. Wright will read a paper on ' Combination for improve ment in knowledge.' ? The services' in connection . with the Launceston Ministers' Association were continued at Chalmers Church on Tuesday. Tn the afternoon Pastor Soltau read pas sages from St. .John's Gospel, the lirst Epistle to the Corinthians, and the second book oil Chronicles; all haying reference to the subject : of. 'our ''bodies' 'being the temples of the Holy Ghost. In the evening the usual Gospel service was held, when short, appropriate addresses were delivered by Pastor Soltau andtheR9v. J. G.Wright (Tamar-street Congregational Church). ' There was the usual good attendance at both services. The new gatehouse to be placed at the entrance of the Cataract Gorge path is now completed, and/stands just inside thegites awaiting space to be allotted for it, which will be done as ' soon as the turnstiles are ready. The gatehouse, is a square weather board tower, about 12ft high, with just enough room inside to allow one person, to sit down comfortably. :: It is; fitted with door, side windows, and' cash window com plete, and will prove an extremely useful edifice.' ' , Mr C. Brown, head keeper at Kent's Group lighthouse, has forwarded a report to the Master Warden of the Marine Board of Hobarfc (says the Mercury), as to three earth tremors which were felt there on the 16th ult The times ar which the tremors occurred were 040, 0-54,:'and , Q-56. : No damage was done to either the to1 wer or the quarters by the vibration.1 ..This is ' the second series of disturbances reported th s' year, the firat being that felt generally over the southern' portion of Australia and Tasmania. ; ,'? : ', ' ;'. ' \, From the 'West Qoast Tinies we learn' that MrTarletoc, who for the past fiyeyears has been manager of the Hokitika branch of the Bank of New Zealand, has been appointed Inspector of the Commercial Bank of Tasmania. Upon the occasion of his leaving the We3t Coast of Maoriland, Mr Tarleton was the recipient of many tokens of esteem. He was entertained at a public banquet at Hokitika, whilst the bank officials in the Westland district made : him a handsome presentation. Mr Tarleton is a son of the worthy police magistrate of Hobarfc. '...'.. The fifty-eighth balance-sheet of the Bank of Australasia states ^hat after making thelusual provision for rebate, taxes, and bad and doubtful debts, the net profit for the half-year ended 12 th October, 1891, was .£100,525 13s 2d. The addition of ..£14.500 183 7d brought forward from the previous half-year gives a disposable balance of .£115,026 Us 9d, of which the dividend declared will absorb .£100,000, leaving J615,026 11s 9d to be carried forward to the next account. Notwithstanding the de preciation of securities consequent on recent financial troubles in some of the principal colonies, the directors, after their usual close scrutiny of the colonial advances of the bank, are able to report that in their opinion all probable contingencies have' been provided for. Recent seasons have been favourable to pastoral property, but the recovery of values is still retarded by the weakness of the wool markets, and by depreciation in the prices of live stock. The volumes of exports from New Zealand has largely increased during the last two or three years, and there are further indi cations that the long-continued commercial depression in that colony is pas-ing away. The dividend declared is at the rate of 12J per cent, per annum, or £2 10a per she.ro for the half-year, and it will be payable, free of income-tax, in London and in the colonies, on the 1st of April. The reserve fund now amounts to .£800,000, giving total liabilities .£19,318 087 14s lOd. We understand that Mr F. Bassett Hull, in conjunction with Dr. Roth, will gather in this and the other colonies, information relative to the paper, ' metal. Government, and token currency of the early days in Australia and Tasmania. The information thus collected will form the subject of an elaborate treatise, which will be invaluable as a contribution, and a very necessary one, to our antiquarian history. Mr Hull's late father will be remembered as one of the most accurate recorders of the history of old times, his narratives ' always being faithful and pleasantly told. To the deceased gentleman's valuable docu ments, Mr F. B. Hull of course haB ready access, so that he possesses peculiar advan tages for the wore he has undertaken. Dr. Roth's brother will, be remembered ss one of the historians of long ago, and the doctor himself will be able to render much valuable assistance. Sir Lambert Dobson has entered very warmly into the project, and through his kindly influence some of the old paper currency — bound up in the records of the Supreme Court — has been made available. Though the proposed treatise will deal primarily with numis matics it will embrace much of early history well worth preserving, and will re call incidents which should non be forgotten relating to the early pioneers who laid the foundation of a nation in a wildernes3. Mr. Hull is anxious that anyone who is able to' aid him in his work will do so, and with this. object in view any coins, documents, or letters forwarded to Mr;W. F. Petterd for him will be thankfully received and acknowledged. We learn that a gentleman' who has been for some . years a resident at Port Sorell has succeeded to the title and estates of an Earldom in he peerage of Great Britain. The new Earl will tike back to his ancestral halls quaint recollections of pioneering days in Tasmania, and his1 friends, who are very numerous, will send ' with him their best wishes, and'eongratu lations. , l: :? '? We understand that the City and Suburbs Improvement Association has ? decided to purchase four acres of land in the vicinity of the First Basin from Mr W. ? Barnes. This will fittingly terminate the picturesque Gorge path, and when laid out as a pleasure ground will prove one of the most attractive spots in the southern hemisphere. Many schemes have been mooted with reference to uses to which the newly acquired land might be put, but it is too early as yet to expect any' definite scheme to have been prepared. It is' cer tain that improvement will be the order of the day, and that in a few' months' v time the spot will be a favourite resort for citi zens and visitors. ' '. . ? That apparently harmless animal' the deer is to be the next pest to make the New Zealand farmer's' heart sorrowful even full of woe. A correspondent of 'the Otago Daily Times writes ':'—?' The public are informed through the press of a short season being opened for. deer stalking. A high fee is to; be paid by way ; of license. This may look and Sound well enough at present. I venture, however, to predict that in a near future the other side of the story will come very prominently forward. The question will very soon be, 'On whom do these animals feed ?' They will be to the farmer a plague worse than the rabbits! They will travel miles to a field o£ crop, strip off the ears of corn and trample under foot to their hearts' content; then, with the early dawn, off. they go to their places of refuge among the hills. -Turnip orops will suffer during winter.. Becoming numerous they will devour the grass of the sheep runs. Thus the sheep farmer, already burdened with the destruction of rabbits, etc., will have an extra load.' During Wednesday evening the attention of those promenadingrtihe streets of the city was .attracted by an unusual brilliancy in the sky. On closer examination it proved to be an Aurora Australio, which appeared first at 7-20, and faded away towards the south at about 9 45. While it lasted it was - greatly admirrd by hundreds of people. There appears to have been some' peculiar Bolar disturbances lately/ amount ing almost to a ' solar storm.' ????.. A correspondent writeB from Forth :— The anniversary of the Star of the- Forth Tent. No. 17, I.O.B.; was celebrated on Wednesday evening, May 11. The pro ceedings commenced with; a: public tea in the Town Hah, catered by our local baker,' Mr A. Allen, and very nicely got up by .our young bachelor members, who ? with alittle assistance and under the superintendence of a few members of the fair: sex, made everything very attractive and cheery. A word of praise is due : to them, for the manner in which they presided at the tables. After the tables were cleared away a public temperance .meeting was held, presided over by our D.C.R., Bro. Joseph Acklin, of Sheffield. Several piece 3 were very nicely rendered by the choir, Miss Brumby presiding at the organ. Practical addresses were given : by the chairman, Revs, J. Stafford and J. J. Collier, and Mr T. Hainsworth. The secretary's report showed during the year 19 members on full pay, and one on quarter pay for sickness. Total amount paid for siokness, X71 3s 4d. Number of members good on the books, 65 ; and .£370 33in thesickand contingent funds. Songs, duets, recitations, and dialogues were given in a very creditable style by Mr and Mrs Mulligan, Misses. Barker (2), Hainsworth (2), DiproBo, and Messrs M. Taxley, Barker, GvWellard, and Pridinore. The latter's recitation, ' The Life Boat,' was delivered in good, stirring, and dra matic style; Perhaps ' the most amusing item was a dialogue by Misses Biggs and ?Diprose; and : Messrs M. Vertigan,' M. Baker, T. C. Wellard, and H. Hayes. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought to a close one of the best and most interesting temperance meetings that has been held on the Forth for some time past, the whole proceedings being finalised with a coffee supper. ? ' Longford Notes ' writes on Wednes day: — The Windsor Murder Waxworks Exhibition in the Assembly Bnotn here on Monday .and Tuesday was fairly well patronised, the gymnastic performances of Messrs Frenoh and Angelo being an addi tional attraction each evening, and causrd a great deal of amusement. Madame Zephey, the Spanish Gipsy, was also in at tendance, and did a fair business. The company left to-day for Deloraine, their next rplace of call being Latrobe. — The funeral of the late Mrs M'Mahon, which took place this afternoon, was a very large ono, all classes and creeds being well re presented. The members of the Longford Star Tent, I.O.R., of which Mr M'Mahon is treasurer, preceded the hearse, four mem bers also acting as pall-bearers. A large number of floral tributej sent by sympa thising relatives and friends were placed on the coffin. The interment took place in St. Augustine's burial ground; the Ven. Archdeacon Hogan, of Westbury, and Rev. J. J. M'Kernan, of Longford, officiating at the church and the grave. — An inquest was held at the residence of the deceased, Perth, tvday at noon, before Mr W. H..D. Archer, Coroner, and a jury of seven, of whom Mr Wm. Smith was fore-: man, on the body of Mr Joseph Clayton, who was found yesterday morning by his brother John in sin upstairs room in the act of cutting his throat, with a razor, and died on his way to the Launceston Hospital. The witnesses examined were Isabei Clayton, wife of the deceased, his brother John, and Dr. F. C. Stevenson. A verdict of ' suicide while in a state of temporary . AuacauLujr tw t»a iouu*ui/u- -u* v uuu vutjr vuu had his hand badly cut in taking the razor from his brother. Deceased had been in a ; despondent condition for the. past week or so.. ? ^ ,. ...'. '.'.-.?' ' .: ? ? ' Baby,' edited by Ada S. Ballin, is a charming periodical which has long bsen a favourite in the old country. In the; April number exception is taken to the adoption of the same title by a publication running on similar, lines which has recently -been started' in - America; The -necessity for international legislation in the direction of a much-needed reform of the law of copy right' between England and the United States has often been urged; and the in stance we have quoted is only one case out of many which prove that the matter should be- taken in hand without delay. As matters now stand there is no American copyright in any publication not printed in the States, so that English authors, editors, and journalists can be robbed with impunity and without hope of redress. ?' ' The timber trade . (says a coastal con temporary) appears to be the mainstay of the Leven just now,' as indeed it has been for' some time past. The Gawler saw-mills are turning out 60,000ft of blackwood per month for the New South Wales Govern ment alone, besides other orders. Messrs Cox and Reid's mills are also going, the former gentleman having, a planing ma chine added to his plant. Considerable loss accrues to the colony through sending awky blackwood by the log, by which there is a clear loss of some 15s per 100, besides the amount- of labour that would be em ployed in sawing it in the colony. '?? ? The late ' Bishop '?- of Melbourne, Dr. Moorhouse,' surprised' many- -people (says the Age) by laying down the doctrine that as we had neglected our duty in regard to the: construction of works for the storage in the arid portions of the .colonyof the abundant rains of winter, it was useless to attempt to cover up our shortcomings by praying for rain during time of drought. It would be interesting to learn what be would' say to a proposal made to the chief inspector under the Yermin Destruction Act by au individual residing in Brisbane to the effect; tbat as it has been found im possible to exterminate the rabbits by the ordinary agencies of man, 'a day might be appointed on which a united prayer, written by spme of your able Christian ministers, might be offered up. in the churches, to supplicate' Divine interven tion.' - The method by which the rabbits are to be exterminated is not' mentioned, but the proposer of the scheme indicates the boundless nature of his benevolence by suggesting that when the rabbits have been brought to one place and killed, they should be preserved in 281b tins and sent to the starving Russian Jews. ?,. 