FIGHTING THE DRAGON OR, A FACTORY MANAGER'S GREED CHAPTER XIII (Continued). By Mary Kyle Dallas. It did not begin with “My darling Flossy” or “My dearest girl,” but thus, “Miss F. Portland—Dear Madam.” Was Jack angry? Had some one made mischief between thorn again? Thoro was tho heading, tho name of the ship written |out in full—“tho Marietta, mid ocean”—but | not tho same date. This was written much ! later—ton days later —and it was not in Jock’s band ; she saw that now. It was not from Jack. Thoj writing dancod before her. Sbo could not mnko out tho words. Thou she said : “ You Uttlo gooso ! Don’t you romombor that when Jack on ono voyage had a chum, ho wrote,as ho said, ‘to send his compliments to Jack Holly’s future wife that ho had heard so much of?* This ono has dono tho same thing. Why, of course, that is it! Don* bo a gooso, Flossy I” Thou she took up the paper, and road on : Miss F. Parti,axd — Dbau Madam : It sometime# become* necessary to do tho very thing ono would pray heaven not to be obliged to do. it becomes necessary for me to do that very thing now. 1 am a plain sailor, without any of those qualities that go to make a ohaplain or a writer, and I do not know how to begin, or what to say when I have begun. “This is a world of sorrows and trials, young lady, and good folks toll you that the more you have of them hero below tho hotter off you’ll bo aloft. I hope so. This that I bavo to do makes mo fool that it ought to bo that way. Prepare yourself for bad nows, my dear young lady—very bad nows indeed. “Your friend, Jack Holly, told mo that you wore engaged to marry him. I never liked a young fellow bettor than I did Jack. Ho was a true man and a splendid seaman. And how ho loved you I . “Well, I little thought to sit and write to you as I am doing now. But I've begun, and must go on. Boar it as well as you can, lass. Jack Holly is probably no more, f cannot toll you that 1 bavo soon him lying dead be fore mo, *or have watched while they have said prayers over him and committed his body to the sea; but this is what has happened: “Ton days ago, Sam Fitch, a seaman wo took on board at a foroign port, and a great friend of Jack’s, made an outcry and lamenta tion, and said ho bad hoard a splash and Jack was missing. Wo pooh-poohed tho-idoa nt (lest. Still wo have not seen Jack since, and it was mid-ocean, my dear lass, and not a boat missing. I can’t say I have any hope. I am afraid it is all up with tho finest, fellow by all odds on board. I can’t make any other reckoning. If ho had had a quarrel kvitb a any ono, we’d suspected foul play, but not a soul on tho Marietta but liked Jack, and Sam Fitoh was fond of him as of a brother. “Looking about, I found a letter addressed td you, Miss J?artland, awaiting tho next chance to go, and now Micro is tho otmnco, 1 send it with those dreadful tidings and my sympathy. Clod knows I’d, have done any thing mortal man could do to saro poor Jaok Holly if I’d guessed ho was in danger. Sam Filch goes homo with the steamer tint takes our mail to Now York. Ho says bo’ll go to ado you mid toll you all ho knows, but none of lis odri conic to any conclusion that has any comfort sn it. Yours very sorrowfully, “ Robert Lawsox, “Captain on tho Marietta.” “Como hero Eliza! Hurry Eliza—hurry! Miss Flossy is dying I think I” cried tho little tailor. And for hours they stood bosido tho poor girl, who pnlo ns death, lay upon the floor to which she had fallen hardly seeming to breathe. An ambulance was summoned and the young doctor who came with it looked sori usly into poor Flossy’s face and shook his head as he felt her pulse. “ What has happened ?” he asked. “ She road a letter nud turned like that. That is all wc know,” said tho tailor. “I thought bettor I’d send for you, for she’s only a stranger to us, except coming in now and then to got something stitched,and I don’t boliovo she has got a soul to look to to bury her it sho’s dead.” “I guess she's hnd bad news of her beau,” said the tailor’s wife, who had picked up_t.be captain’s letter. “He's a sailor. I guess he’s got drowned, and I guess she’ll follow soon.” “Ab, well, I’ll tako her to the tho young doctor said. “1 rathor think it is all up with her." CHAPTER XIV. And now for tho first time to follow Jack Holly* to flit upon whatever wind will tako us that way to tho deck of the Marietta. Surely ono could not have looked nt Jack without fooling that Flossy had bestowed her heart well and wisely. There was such an honest look in his eyes, his laueh was such a hearty ono,his sympathy no ready. And then bo was so handsome, and it seemed ns though his beauty was part and parcel of bis goo! quditio*. born of thou. Thoro arc faces liko that, and they can usually ho trusted to mean what they say. Everybody liked Ja°k, as the captain hud said in his letter to Flossy. It was not; surprising, then, that Sam Fitch, to use the words in which ho expressed his scntimenla, “cottoned” to Jack the minute lie saw him. Jack did not meet t|»o man’s advances cordially, movftd by that instinct which is given human boinga for self-preser vation. Ho was civil, but not hearty with Sam for a loug while. Finally Jack came to think Sam Fitoh a do cent sort of follow, and tho confidence con cerning the treasure mndo them quite inti mate. “I wouldn’t toll another man I know,” Sam had said. “But 1 know yon are to be trusted. It’a few wo can trust in this wicked world, I’m sorry to say.” Now, this touched Jnok’s heart, and ho said to himself— “Sam ha* had the bad luok to know tho wrong kind of people, and that has soured him, and it's friendly for him to promise mo half tho find—if there should ho one. lie must have a kind heart, if ho does scowl and look a bit sly.” When Jaok bad written tho letter which Flossy had received, bo sealed it and put it whoro ho could readily lay his hand on it He had not told Flossv that that very night was tho ono appointed for tho expedition to tho spot whoro tho buried treasure lay, or was supposed to lie. Ho felt that ho would rathor toll her all about it when it was a thing accomplished. So lie sealed the letter before ho lay down in his hammonk, keeping wide awake in expecta tion of Sam’s signal. It oft'iio sooner limn ho expected it; a touch on Mio shoulder, a whisper in tho oar— “Mum’s the word, mate.” And getting to his font, Jack made bis way softly to tho dock, though, to ho sure, there was not muoh danger of awakening sailors who wore accustomed to sleeping all through the racket of a ship at seajaud oven through the wildest gales that over warned poor Jack of tho possibility of going to Davy Jones’s looker before morning, However, it was advisable to keep Mio matter they bad on band quiet, and it was satisfactory to know that the watch was donf (leorgo Smith, who was not likely to ealeh tho sound of a slop, or hoar such noise as the boat must make in reaching the water, Tho spirit of adventure, which is strong in most young men, stirred Jack’s warm blood. Ho had loo muoh good souse to fool any cer tainly of finding (ho treasure. But to go in search of it was at all events groat fun, and if ho came baok with a hag of diamonds under his jacket so much tho bettor. They wore lying to at a little port whoro they wore to stay until dawn on business connected with tho cargo, and tho island which Sam Fitoh hnd pointed out was not so very far away. After they had pulled ahead for half an hour, they plainly saw the ono tall slender tree Miat grow in its midst, Blinding out against tho sky. ‘ “ It'n rathor a nonr-hy island to bide trea sure in, Sam,” said Jack. *J It is near by,” said Main. “But if you’d boon hero ns often as I have, you’d know that it’s aafer than mid-oooau—a deal safer. Thoro wouldn’t ono of the folks hereabout go ashore thoro to aavo their souls, (.(host Island they call it. In tboly lingo it's something else, hut that's tho moaning— (Ihost Island. They’re afoarod to round it. 'You might hide there,’ Bill said, 'if you was followed by them that was after you for a murder and a robbery, and bo os safe ns long' as you eould live. ’ There's a ghost there that ahokus folks, jJhoy say. They fool its hands around their nooks and don’t sec nothin’.” “Well, I’m not muoh afraid of ghosts,” said Jaok. “Nor mo neither,” replied Sam. "Then ho grow silent, and hia face scorned , set and grim in the pa)o light. ' “ Wo shall fool pretty jolly if woj find the treasure, won’t wo, Sam?” said Jack, after awhile. “Aye,” responded Sam, curtly, , “Wo ain’t got it yet though, mate. Don’t you forgot that, ” “ You wouldn’t have come after it if you hadn’t some idea of finding it though, Sam,” said Jack. “ Of course I hud my reasons for coming,” muttered Snm. “But there’s many a slip be tween the cup and the lip, as they say—many a slip. Don’t calkcrlato on nothin’ till you have it, mate.” Then they pulled on in silence until the island was reached. They found a landing place and jumped ashore, fastening tho boat carefully, for, ns Jack said, laughing: “It would bo a pretty joke if it should got away." Sam, for his part, seemed rcry serious over the matter. He stood with the axe ho had I brought from tho vessel over his shoulder, i looking about him. And when Jack asked, “ Where away now, Sam?” he answered : “ You're in a mighty hurry, mate.” “Needs bo,” said Jack, “wo want to get back to tho Marietta before she sails. ” “It won’t take long to do what wo’vo got to do,” said Sam moodily. “Up this way tho treasure lies, at tho roots of that old tree, if so bo there is any on this hero island. Come on !” Ho led tho way, walking as rapidly ns possible now, and soon thoy wore at tho foot of tho tree, which, tall, slender, hedged be tween two rocks, and with all its s -antily lorvvod branches on one side, seemed to point landward os in warning. Hero Sam stood still, resting tho axe he had brought with him upon a rock and folding his arms upon tho handle. Thus to Jack, who stood a little way from him, his silhouette appeared dork against tho yellowish light of tho sky, where the moon light struggled through tho sea fog. It may seem strange to ono who has not observed the fact, but this riow of any human being is tho ono that gives the observer peculiar advantages. While color, feature and the linos upon the skin are invisible, tho general character of tho individual is madh manifest. His ago is more readily r guessed at, and some thing is discernible which seldom appears when ho stands before you in tho full light of tho dny. As Jack looked at Sam ho “placed” the man for tho first time. “Ho is an ox-convict,” ho said to himself, “nod ho is capable of any evil deed.” Tho repulsion ho had folt to (ho follow on first sight returned with redoubled force, hut as yet the only thought connected with it was that tho treasure hidden hero was ill-gotten, and that Sam Fitch know it to bo so. “Did tho old sailor say how tho treasure came to ho hidden hero, Sam?” lie asked. “Didn’t I toll you,” said Sam, moodily, “’cause it’s a place folks doesn’t durst come nigh on account of ghosts? Ghosts? Pooh? Fire at most ghosts and they’ll skedaddle, say I.” “But how did ho got tho diamonds? How wore they come by?” queried Jack. “Didn’t ask,” said Sam—“Didn't care, Money is money Now lb see if there is any thing here. A flat gray stone jammed in be tween tho roots of the trod,with a black cross painted upon it, is what wo’vo got to look for. Dirt piled on to lint. Grass growed over it by this time, like as not, like a gjfavo. Von look this side; I look that. Take a stick and poke about the roots.” Jack somehow had lost all heart in tho pro ceedings, Ho began to wish that ho had never had anything to .do with this man. But ho looked about for a stick,finding none which word not rollon for some time. At last ho discovered tho leg of an old stool, washed ashore from some wreck, no doubt, and began to work with this. His head was bent down, his thoughts bus}’. He was asking himself whether, if treasure wore found, any good could oomo of wealth that might have boon attained by robbery or murder, “I’ll not touch a dollar of Iho stuff, if any is found,” ho resolved ; and when Jack said a thing to himself ho meant it. “ Honest work and docent pay will do mo. Money with blood on it, as maybo this would bo, must carry a curse. 1*11 not play spy and lot tho cat out of the hag. I’ll ho honorable to tho follow, but what be finds ho may keep.” As ho spoke ho was aware that Sam Fitch had come round tho tree and was standing behind him. “ I haven’t found anything yet, Sam,” he said, “and tho roots here are so matted that I don’t think— ” Ho never finished the sentence; for at that moment Sam Fitch drew a revolver from his holt, and taking deliberate aim at Jack, fired three shots in quick succession and , fled. As ho did so, Jack sprang to his foot, with a loud cry, and started in pursuit of him. In a few seconds, however, ho faltered, put both hands to his head nnd sat down upon the rock. Half an hour afterwords Sam crept back, pausing constantly to listen. There was no sound. Ho - peeped over (ho rook and saw Jack lying face downward on tho strange mixture of grass,sand and dried that carpeted tho spot. Jack neither moved nor uttered any moan, Sim crept close and touched him with his hand, nnd drew it away, wot —ns ho know— with blood. “Ho don't need no more, lie's got enough, poor follow !” ho said. “I hadn’t no grudge against him. I didn't want to do it,” It was as if tho man wore arguing with his conscience — if such ns ho could bo supposed to have ono. Just then tho soa breeze caught tho long branches of tho slender tree, and twisted thorn about nnd rustled thorn together so that thoro was a sound of whispering in tho air. A moaning wind sent a wail across tho island and it scorned to tho murderer that something white and awful rose slowly, slowly, slowly from a dark rook to his loft — an awful thing; a veritable ghost! Tho atmospheric effects of a foggy night in the midst of tho oconn are many. No doubt this was ono of them. To the murderer, however, it was as aelual nr) apparition as man over saw, and with a howl ho (led. Not having courage to complete his deadly work with tho nxo as had been his intention, as ho ran ho fired wildly at the thing which seemed to ho upon his track. Tho wind caught his cap and carried it he know not whore. Bareheaded ho reached the shore, sprang inlo tho boat and pushed off. A white figure seemed to stand on tho black rook and strive to seize him ns ho passed. For a while ho tossed among the weltering waves, uncertain which way tho Mnriutta lay, and it was by sheer dumb luck that bo at Inst, eatnn in sight of her colored lights and gained hor side. Thorn ho turned faint and sick, and lay in tho bottom of the boat awhile, unable to sti-. “Boon a-bathin’ of myself mates,” be said. “Took a cramp and must got drowned.” And no one doubted his assertion or ro porlcd his littln misdemeanor. When tho sailor is in port, a little dis ohndioncn to orders is winked aU At five o’elook they were away. It was woven before Sam told his lalo of having hoard a splash. But the captain—who was his own master - put. back to the little port, and sent men ashore to sco if Jack was loft behind— something ho would have done for no other man who sailed with him. He knew that Jack was anxious to finish tho voyage, to got homo to his sweetheart ! with money in his pocket, nnd that ho never would have deserted. And his heart was full of sorrow when at Inst, having given up all hope, ho sat down to write to Flossy. Ho could not express half that ho felt, for ho had a groat tender heart and had, ns ho said, lovod Jack ns a brother. Now and (hen a doubt, of Snm Fitoh came into his mind, but tho man seemed to mourn Jack as honestly ns any on ono board.’ 80 the Marietta wont upon her way one sailor tho loss, and tho captain never dreamed that ho had n murderer on board of her; a thing that any one who follows the sea will loll you will bring ill luck upon any vessel, ClIAFTKK XV. Night passed; tho sun arose nnd glided the fluttering leaves on the long branches of the ghostly tree that, pointed landward from hbo lonoly island. Its shadows fell lone and sharp across the brown rocks and white sand and black masses of seaweed, and ended whore Jack lay us ho had fallen tho night before. Now and thou tho son hroozn lifted his black curls or tho long ends of the silken searf tied in a sailor’s knot himoalh tho collar of his flannel shirt, hot nothing else moved, Tho shore was not in sight, hut (hero were oraft upon tho waters, fishermen's boats mostly, that followed each other in a straight line, their while sails t proud, like a flunk of immense birds, to whore tho (loop sea fishing was boat. A great ocean steamer was making hor way out and a pretty little yacht was playing about tho dark blue waters It bolongod to one of those rich Americans who can do what I hoy please, to whoso wealth there seems no limit, and who surprise Knropoaus by their lavish expenditure. This summer ho hud taken it into his head to cruise about the waters of the world, going whither the whim seized him. With him were Ins wife and daughter and a number of friends, both ladies and gentlemen, ( as fond of adventures as ho was himself. They had had many since they loft Now York —all pleasant, all delightful, to remember. Ah, what a weary world this is for the poor —what a glorious one for the rich 1 How Midas gilds everything ho touches! Even Lho inevitable woes of life, sickness and death are mitigated by the fact of a full purse—a largo account at the bankers’. The owner of the yacht—Mr, Hastings—hnd. dono nothing very groat, very wonderful, was not evon particularly brilliant, but ho hod followed tiio stops of the prosperous ancestors in business, and 'rolled tho small ball they had put their shoulders to into a groat one bv a touch of his Anger, Ho was a man of good disposition and artistic .tastes, charitable when objects of charity came in his way, never refusing his namo to a subscription papoi’j that was offered him, kind to his wife, affectionate to his only daughter, generous to his friends. A typo of many rich men. His wife was his fitting mate—a buxom, middlo-nged lady,hand some still, and a little disposed to queen it in her circle. As for their guosts.thoir counterparts might be found in the fashionable church on Sun days, in tho boxes on opera nights, at Sara toga in mid-summer. The ono exception to tho ordinary, well dressed, good-looking, .self-satisfied crowd was Mr, Hustings’ only daughter Violet, a girl now just seventeen and more beautiful than words can say. It is seldom that any living woman, even at that “sweetest ago’’ of beauty, is without some fault or flaw. Some “if” or “but” can generally be found when others discuss her. No ono had over discovered a single point in Violet’s face or figure to criticise. Nor did this perfection of feature render her face insipid. It was capable of many expressions, all good and gentle, and they followed ono another as they might upon the face of a child. She was utterly without that self-consciousness that spoils so many a beauty. Sho must have known herself lovely; but sho gave no token of the knowledge. Moo went mad about her before sho bad looked at them. They flocked about her, neglecting others for her sake, and did not even expect that sho would care for them. She was ns gracious to ono as to tho other. Sho smiled in a way that no man, however vain, could tako to himself; hut she took much more interest in her girl friends. To her parents, who thought her still a child, this wan pleasant. They did not know, nor did any mortal guoja the secret of this seeming coldness, Violet could not flirt or please herself with the attentions of men sho merely liked, nor could she fancy herself in love merely because she was pleased by some one's admiration, as some girls do. Sbo was capable of a romantic passion almost unknown to this age and particularly rare in fashionable circles of society. Her love would be given to ono only, and once given, could never bo recalled—a love that if not satisfied and happy, would consume her very soul. And when is such loro satisfied? Seldom, alas ! rpon this earth. As Juliet loved Borneo, Violet would love if she over met the being for which her heart Was searching, while others thought her a yet unnwakenod child or woman who found love i unnecessary to her life. i Mature beyond her years, sbo had dreamed j of this paragon who Could fill her soul since ' sho was a more school girl. j Her dreams were more actual to her than her waking moments, for in them she mot one yet unknown. Ho had no name. She only saw his faeo dimly, but always ho whispered ore they parted : “I am coming—I will come - ” How little the mother guessed, as sho benl over her daughter’s pillow every morning to watch her great eyes open to the day, that the waking smile which was so beautiful that she felt sho would not miss it for the world, was given to a dream-lover! That the look of expectation with which tho girl welcomed tho now day, was so bright and anim ited because, with every waking she said to her self ; “Perhaps he will come to-day.” That he might never come, that her life might fade in perpetual watching and wailing never occurred to her as possible. In the dawn of this beautiful morning she h xd come upon deck in a costume which made the Spanish splendor of her face more striking than ever. It was a soft, white woollen, stuff, with touches of deep crimson here and there. Sho .stood looking over tho side of (ho yacht, wrapped in a reverie. Tho rest of tho company were at breakfast, indulging in the wonderful coffee fcnt Mr. Hastings’ chef, Brindisi, alono know how to make, in anchovy toast and flaky biscuit., and dishes without a name, conceptions of tho talented being’s brain—impromptus, he declared them, not to bo repeated. “Zero is for zeso no recipe,’’ he would declare. “Zoy arc inspirations of (ho moment. Sometimes I remember them and write them down—ns zc salad Adelina, vich spring inti my brain von I hear zo divine Patti sing in ‘Trnviat.i,’ but generally zoy escape, zoy “But then you’ve got lots more where they came from, Brindisi,” Mr. Hastings would say. And tho chef would shrug his shoulders and spread his palms abroad in modest acceptance of a deserved compliments Yes, all tho good company were at break fast Iml Violet. Sho had slipped away, hop ing to carry out a idea which she had con ceived as sho looked from her own state-room window in tho dawning. Soon she espied tho sailing master and beckoned to him, and ho obeyed her signal, doffiing his cap and paying homage to her beauty, old sailor though ho was. “You soo that island, Captain Jasper,” sho said,pointing southward—“tho tiny island with one tree upon it?” “ Yes,Miss Hastings,” responded tho sailing master. “Tho folks bore about call it Cl host Island. They say there are spirits there and atoor wide, of il, I’m told.” “ Delightful !” said Violet- “That makes me more anxious than over to do what I have longed to do over since I saw it. Captain, I want you to tako tho Happy Go Lucky to that island while (ho others are at breakfast, and lot mo go ashore alone. I want to have it. to remember that I have been upon a dominie island in this part of lho ocean. I I shall fancy it a desert island, and know just j how shipwrecked sailors fool." “It’s not. a very pleasant way to fool," the sailing master said. “But, if Mr. Hastings j does not object “ Don’t ask him !’’ cried Violet. “ I shall toll him that I insisted upon it. You know falher always lets me have anything I want, or do anything I please,” “ 1 know thal, miss.” replied tho old man, feeling that no ono could refuse tho lovely creature anything. “Well, then we will go there at once,” Violet said. “ I do not want anyone with me. I-want to ho alone.” The sailing master hastened to obey, and before many minutes had passed tho yacht was ns near tho island as it was safe for it to approach, and a sailor was ready to take Miss Violet, across the intervening spare of water in one of the pretty boats. So while the rest of the party wore still at breakfast, Violet sprang lightly upon the rocks of Ghost Island, and bidding the sailor remain whom he was, and vanished from his sight amongst the black rocks and stunted bushes lint covered it. It was a small island, hut almost, any spot of laud neoms largo and lonely when ono is its sole occupant. After walking for a few moments, Violet Hastings sat down upon a rock, and turning her hack upon lho yacht, saw only sky meet ing ocean in every direction. Sho was delighted with tho strange situa tion. Nothing is more charming for awhile than to be nllerly alone, knowing that the solitude is of our own making, and that any moment we can regain our friends, ns nothing can ho more terrible than solitude which is enforced. Thom, within a short distance, wore all who were dear to lho girl—a whole yachtful of champions and protectors, Sho could afford to indulge her imagination and plav at being shipwrecked on a desert island. “What should I do, 1 wonder?” she said. “I suppo.se 1 should lake off my white skirt and tie it to a stick and wave it in the air. Could the people in the ships see mo, 1 wonder? or would they fancy they saw the waves lire iking on the rooks and pay no hood ? Would I hey perhaps tako mo for the ghost, that haunts the island? Ah, 1 will believe in tho ghost and ho afraid ! 1 might stay hove all day long and no ono hoc me. How hungry I should ho—T, who have hurl Brindisi's toolings by neglecting his choicest dishes. He would say il served me right, 1 have no doubt- I should ho cold, and if tho rain fell where could 1 hide? 1 doubt if them is even « spring on the island, ami at night tho ghost would come. Oh', 1 will believe in tho ghost-tho ghost of a pirate, with hollow eyes and deathlike features under a groat hat, and a (leshlcss finger pointing at mo. Oh, 1 declare I have frightened myself!" A shiver ran through hor frame and she sprang to her feel, laughing though she trembled, “I will go ami stand under that tree for a moment, and then go and let Tom row me back to the yacht,” she said. And springing up, she gathered her pretty draperies in her hand, that she might move more freely, and made her way around the largest rock on the island in order to roach a smooth space which she fancied would make a pood pathway. She had not calculated on the depth and heaviness of the sand. ILt dainty shoe.; wore not made for such trudging, and before she had gone ten feel, she was obliged l> stop and empty them of sand. Laughingly sho seated herself to accomp lish the task, and had retied them and was asking herself whether sho would not bo obliged to abandon the project and return to the shore, when a long, low sigh atirtkd her, “ What is that?” she gasped. Then, saying to herself that it must he th" wind rustling among the foliage of Hie dwarfed bushes and stirring the grass, idle arose to her feet and sprang upon the rock on which sho had been sitting. As sho did so another sigh fell upon her ear, louder and more piteous than the first. No rustling of leaves was this, but the long drawn breath of some agonized human being. With a sensation of terror that she never could forgot while she lived, this petted child of fortune looked for the lirst tune upon a tragic spectacle—a man lying in a pool of his own blood ami apparently dying. That long sigh told that he was not quite dead. Her first impulse was to fly. Hut a roman tic girl is seldom n coward. Something that would make her a hero, wore she a man, always dwells within her heart. Sho descended from the rock and approached the prostrate man. lie was clad, ns sho saw ut once, in Hi" garments of a common sailor. His hands wore brown and bore Hie marks of toil. Hut, oh, what wonderful dark, silicon curls were those that clustered about his head! How broad his shoulders ! how fine the outlines of his features! Sho bent above him an ’ touched him with her hand, and. lie uttered a low moan. Hut fear had departed from her soul. All she felt was a deep and tender pity. This sailor was no rough creature to fear. Ho was as handsome, "she thought, as man well could be. How had he come here, or why, or what had befallen him, she did not ask herself; but sho knew that he must bo in need of instant help, and after speaking to him twice or thrice in vain, sho harried toward the shore of the island, calling to Tom,the sailor, os sho went. “Go hack to the yacht!” she said ns soon ns sho saw him. “Go and bring the doctor and some of the men. There is a wounded man on the island. He needs instant assistance. Toll them so,and do not'permit them to delay. I will stay here until you return.” “Indeed, miss, I cannot leave you here,” said the young sailor. “I would not dare, miss, I must not," “When I command you to do so?” said Miss Violet, almost sternly. “ No, miss,” said the sailor, quietly. “Of course, under most circumstances I should do as I was bid; but (his isn't one of them. Heing there’s a chap up there, wounded or not wounded, I shall have to nsk you to get into the boat as quick ns possible, miss. Where there’s a wounded chap, it’s very likely you’ll find the one who wounded him. There may be a gang of robbers on the island, miss, and the sooner wo sheer off the better.’' “Arc you afraid?’’ the girl asked, with a little smile of contempt. “Of course, I’m not afraid to stand up to a chap fair and square no more than any other man,” said the sailor. “But who knows how many and what kind?” ’“ What folly V" cried Violet, “ I tell von there is a man lying there among the reek', ln- lpless and bleeding to death, and quite alone. Go to the yacht for as-i-lanc - as I command von !’• And while he was searching for words by which to influence her to enter the boat, she turned and fled back whence she had come. And nothing now remained but to obey her, sinee ho did not dare to follow Hoc, pick Inn up in his arms and take her back to the boat. (TO KB CONTIXt'KO.) 