A DAUGHTER OF L.ILITH. — w The Strange Story of a Man's Love for an Immortal. I had left Paris on the evening of the previous day and passed a long and silent niglit in a corner of the railway carriage. For _ six mortal hours I had waited at a small station. and not until the afternoon did I succeed in finding a peasant's cart to take me to Artigues. The plain, the undulations of which rose and fell on each side of the road, and which, when I had seen it before, was smiling at the great sun, was now covered by a thick veil of snow, over which writhed the black, twisted trunks of the vines. My guide pushed his old horse along slowly ; we drove on, enveloped in a deep silence which was broken at intervals by the plaintive cry of a bird. Sad unto death, I murmured in my heart this prayer : 4< My God \- — God of mercy — preserve me from despair and let ine not commit, after so many faults, the only sin which Thou wouldst not pardon ! Then I saw the sun, red and rayless, descending like a bleeding host on the horizon, and, re calling the divine sacrifice of Calvary, I felt hope enter my soul. The wheels continued to grate through the snow for sometime. At last, the driver pointed out to me with his whip the steeple of Artigues, which stood out like a shadow in the reddish mist. " Eh !" said the man to me, "you get off at the parsonage ? You know the cure ? ' "I have known him since my childhood. He was my master when I was at school." " He is learned in books ?" "M. Safrac, the cure, is as learned as he is devout." "They say so. They say other things, also." ."Wliat do they say ?" "They say what they like, and i I let them talk.'' " Well, what else ? " " Well, there are some who believe that the cure is a sorcerer, and that he caBts spells. " What nonsense ! " "I say nothing, sir, myself ; but if M. Safrac is not a sorcerer who casts spells, why does he read in books, then ? " The cart stopped in front of the parsonage. I left this simpleton and followed the cure's servant, who conducted me to her master in the dining-room, where the table was already sot. I found M. Safrac very much changed in the three years since I had seen him. His tall frame was bent, his thinness had become ex cessive, his piercing eyes shone out from his emaciated face, and his nose, which seemed larger, reached to his drawn mouth. " My father, my father!" I cried, as I fell, sobbing, into his arms ; " I come to you be cause I have sinned. Oh, you, whose deep and mysterious science awed my spirit while you tranquillized my soul by showing me your paternal heart, draw your child frorn the brink of the precipice ! Oh, my only friend, save me, enlighten me !" He embraced me, smiled at me with that exquisite kindness of which he had given me so many proofs in my early youth, and, step- ping back a little, so as to see me better, said : "With God's help," saluting me after the fashion of his country. After years of distinc tion as professor of philosophy at Bordeaux, at Poictiers, and at Paris, he had asked, as an only favor, for a poor living in the country where he had been born and where he wished to die. Cure of Artigues for the last six years, he practiced in this obscure village the most humble piety and the most exalted science. " With God's help, my child," he repeated. " Your letter, announcing your arrival, moved me deeply. It is true, then, that you have not forgotten your old master ?" I started to throw myself at his feet, still stammering : ' Save me, save me ! " but he stopped me with a gesture at once gentle and imperious. "Jean;" he said," "you can tell me to morrow what you have to say. Now warm \- yourself. Then we shall eat, for you must be very, hungry." The servant placed on the table the soup- turdeen, from which rose a column of fragrant steam. She was an old woman, whose hair was hidden under a black silk handkerchief and on "" \VliOSBvrrniKIcUrut<5W'r"c'TT'"nul,l-'fr"l»<»"Vkoaiify the peasant type and the ugliness of decrepi tude. 1 was greatly agitated ; still, the pence of the holy dwelling, the cheerfulness of the wood fire, of the white table cloth, of the decanted wme, and of the steaming dishes, gra dually tool: possession of me, and presently I almost forgot that I had come to the home of this priest to change the aridity of my remorse for the fertile dew of repentance. "Jean," said M Safrac, "you were my best \- pupil. Your prompt intelligence always tra- ; veiled beyond the thought of the master. That t is why I became attached to you at once. I love boldness in a Christian. Faith must not ' be timid when impiety shows such indomitable audacity. The church to-day has but lambs ; she needs lions. Who will replace with us the : v fathers and the sages. whose glance embraced all the sciences? Truth is like the sun, it needs the eye of tiie eagle to contemplate it." v "Ah, M. Safrac, you brought to bear 011 ftft.ft every question that eye which nothing dazzles. ; 'ft'. I remember how. your opinions sometimes K startled even i hose of your colleagues whom ftftftft the sanctity of your life filled with admiration. T You did not dread novelties. That wa3 how, for instance, you were inclined to admit the plurality of inhabited worlds." . ' What will the timid ones say when they read my book ? " he exclaimed, with brigliten- ftv ft ing eyes ; "T have meditated, I have worked. > You know that I a;n acquainted with Hebrew, Arabian, Persian, and several of the Indian ft languages, You know that I brought with me here a library, rich in aucient manuscripts. I ft. . have dipped deep into knowledge of languages ft ft and the traditions of the primitive Orient. I ftftft' have just finished my book on the 'Origins,' which restores and sustains that sacred inter pretation of the Scriptures in the imminent ruin of which impious science believes already. God, in His infinite mercy, has willed that science and faith be reconciled. To produce ft- this reconciliation, J start from this idea : The Bible, inspired by the Holy Ghost, tells nothing ; . but what is true, but does not tell all that is . true. And how could it tell it, since it pro poses, for its only object, to inform us of that which is necessary to our eternal salvation ? ft Beyond this grand design, there exists nothing ft' for it. Its plan is as simple as it is immense. It embraces the fall and the redemption. It ft . is the divine history of man. It is complete ft and limited." Nothing is admitted to it simply to satisfy profane curiosity. Now impious ; ft Bcience cannot triumph for long over jhe silence of God. It is time to say : 'No ; the Bible has not lied, because it has nob revealed all. ' Such is the truth which 1 proclaim. Mak- ft ing use of geology, pre-historio archaeology, ft- 'ft oriental cosmogony, liittite monuments, Chal dean and Babylonian traditions, and ancient legends preserved in the Talmud, I have affirmed the existence of preadamites, of whom the inspired author of Genesis does not speak, simply for the reason that their existence would not affect the eternal salvation of the children ft . ot Adam. Better still, a minute examination of the first chapters of Genesis has proved to me the existence of two successive creations, separated by great ages and of which the second is, so to speak, but the adaptation of a portion . of the earth to the needs of Adam and his pos- ftftft teritv." ft; He stopped for a moment, and then, in a low ft voice, he resumed, with a truly religious :: gravity: "I, Martial Safrac — an unworthy ' priest, doctor of theology, subject, as an obe- ft dient child, to the authority of our Holy Mother, the Church — I affirm, with an absolute ft; certainity — subject, always, to the authority of ; our Holy Father, the Pope, and the councils — ft ft that Adam, created in the image of God, had ft two wives, of whom Eve was the second." - These singular words drew my thoughts some what from myself, and I wasstrangly interested ft |o th«w. i was, therefore, somewhat dis- appointed when M. Safrac, dropping his elbows on the table, said to me : " Enough of this topic. Some day, perhaps, you will read mv book, which will instruct you on the subject. It was necessary, as 1 was in strict duty bound, to submit this work to tnonscigneur and to solicit the approbation of his grace. The manuscript is now at the arch bishop's, and I expect every moment a decision, which I have every reason to believe will prove favorable." Then the conversation becomming more familiar, turned on our mutual recollections. "Yes, my child," said M. Safrac to me, " you were the pupil of my choice. God per mits preferences when they are founded on an equitable judgment. Now, I judged at once that there was 111 you the making of a man and a Christian. Not that I did not notice great imperfections in you. You were unequal, un certain, easily disturbed. Passions, still secret smoldered in your soul. I loved you for your great restlessness, as I loved another of my pupils for different qualities. I cherished Paul d'Ervy for the resolute firmness of his mind and heart." At this name I turned red and then pale. I could hardly restrain a cry, and, when I tried to answer, it was impossible lor me to speak. M. Safrac did not seem to notice my agita tion. "If my memory is good he was your closest comrade," he added; "you have remained very intimate with him, bave you not ? I know that he entered the diplomatic service, and that he has a great future before him. You have in him a faithful and devoted friend.'' " My father," I answered, with an effort, ' ' I will talk to you to- morrow of Paul d'Ervy and of another person. " M. Safrac pressed my hand. We separated, and I went to the room which, he had caused to be prepared for me. In my bed, perfumed with lavender, I dreamed that 1 was a child again, anil that, kneeling in the college chapel, I was admiring the white and shining women with whom the seats were filled, when suddenly a voice, coining from a cloud, spoke above my head and said : " Jean, thou belie vest that thou dost love them in God, but it is God whom thou lovest in them." When I awoke in the morning I found M. Safrac standing at the head of my bed. " Jean," he said to me, "come and hear the mass which I am goiug to celebrate for your sake. After the holy office. I will be ready to hear what you have to tell me." The churchof Artigues is a little sanctuary in that Roman style which still flourished in Aquitaine io the twelfth century. Restored about twenty years ago, it received a steeple which was not included in the primitive plau. Being poor, it still preserved, at least its pure bareness. I joined, as well as my state of mind would permit, in the prayers of the priest, and then returned with him to the parsonage. There we breakfasted 011 a little bread and milk and then entered M. Safrac's room. Drawing chairs up to the fire place, above which a crucifix was suspended, he invited me to sit down, and, having seated himself near me, signed me to begin. Outside the snow was fall- ing. "My father," I commenced, " it is Kn years since I left your care to enter the world. I have preserved my faith, but, alas ! not my purity. I need not retrace to you my career ; you know it — you, my spiritual guide, the sole director of my conscience. Besides, I am in haste to reach the event which h is upset my life. Last year, my family decided that I should marry, and I assented willingly. The young girl destined for me presented all the advantages which parents usually seek, and she was pretty, she pleased me — so much so that, instead of making a ' marriage of convenience,' I was about to make a marriage of inclination. We became engaged. The happiness and re pose of life seemed assured, when I received a letter from Paul d'Ervy, announcing his arrival in Paris from Constantinople and expres-ing a great desire to see me. I hastened to him and told him of my coming marriage. He congratu lated me cordially. I said that I counted 011 his being my best man, and he accepted willingly ; my marriage was fixed for the fifteenth of May, and he did not have to retnrn to his post until the first dayB in June. Then the conversation turned to other topics. " 4 1 am doing very well,' I said, 4 and you ? ' — 44 ' OJ1--I 1 '-ho nrmrore/Iy wilh- a-cmile- wli iph - expressed at once joy and sadness ; 4 1 what a change ! I am mad— a woman — Jean, I am either very happy or very unhappy. Wliat can you call a happiness which has been purchased by a bad action ? I have grieved, I have be trayed, an excellent friend. I have carried off from Constantinople, the ' " 44 My son," M. Safrac interrupted, "omit from your story the faults of others and name no one." I promised to obey, and continued as follows: " Paul had hardly finished speaking when a woman entered the room. It was she evi dently. She seemed quite at ease. I will ex press to you in a single word the impression she made on me. She did not seem to me to be natural. 1 feel how obscure this term is and how badly it explains my idea ; but, perhaps, it will become more intelligible to you as you follow my story. In truth, in the expression of her golden eyes, which seemed to emit, at times, showers of sparks ; in the curve of her enigmatic mouth, in the tissue of her flesh, at once dark and luminous ; in the play of the harsh ana yet harmonious lines of her bod' ; in the airy lightness ot her step ; even in her naked arms, to which invisible wings seemed attached ; finally, in her whole ardent and Quid being, I felt, -something strangely foreign to human nature — somethiug, I know not what, inferior and superior to woman such :ts God has made her to be our companion 0:1 this earth of exile. From the moment that I saw her, a feeling arose in my soul and completely filled it. I felt an infinite disgust for all which was not this woman. " When ho saw her enter, Paul frowned slightly ; but changing his mind immediately, he tried to smile. " 'Leila, let me preseut my best friend.' " I know M. Jean,' Leila answered.' " These words must have seemed strange for we hod certainly x-ever met before. But the accent was stranger stiil ; if the crystal could think, it would speak so. . "'MyfrieHd Jean,' added Paul, 'is to be married in six weeks.' "At this moment Leila looked at me, and I saw plainly that her golden eyes said ' No.' " I left greatly agitated, my friend not show ing the least desire to retain me. 1 wandered about the streets all day, my heart empty and desolate; then, finding myself, in the evening before a florist's shop 011 ihe Boulevard, I re membered iny linancee and eiuer»d to get a branch of white lilac for her. Hardly was the flower betweeu my fingei'3 when a little hand snatched it from me, and I saw Leila running off, laughing. She had on n short gray dress, a gray coat" and a little round hat. This Parisian raciugcostume was stranglev inharmonious with the fairy-like beauty of this creatine and seemed on her like a sort of disguise. Still as E Baw her thus, I felt that I loved her with an inextinguishable love. I tried to catch her but she escaped ine in the crowd of people and carriages. " From that moment I felt as if I no longer lived. I went several time3 to Paul's without seeing Leila again. He received me pleasantly but did not speak of her. We had noth ng to say to one another, and 1 left liim sadly. Finally, one day, the valet said to me : 4 M. d'Ervy is out ; ' and added, ' would you like to seemadame?' I answered, ' Ties.' " Oh, my father I this word — what tears of blood can never expiate it ? I entered ; I found her in the saloon, half lying on; a divan, in a robe of golden yellow, under- which she had curled her little feet. 1 saw her — but, no — 1 saw no more. My throat was suddenly, parched. I could ! not speak. An odor of myrrh and aromatics which came from her, intoxicated ma with langour and desire, as if all the perfumes of the mystic Orient had penetrated at onci my quivering nostrils. Sorely she was 00 natural wow?,n, far nothing 'human appeared in her. Her fict- expressed no sentiment good or bad, excepting that aot a voluptuousness at once sensual ami celestial. Doubtless she noticed my agitation, for pre sently she spoke to mo, 111 a voice as pure a« the song of the brooks in the woods : " ' What is the matter with you 1 ' 44 'I love you madly,' 1 cried through my tears, as I threw myself at her feet. "Then she opened her arms and cast 011 me a glance from her clear and passionate eyes. ' Why did you not say so sooner ? ' she said. "Hour without a name? It seemed to ftne that both of us, carried away to heaven, filled , it completely. I felt- myseit becoming the equal of God, and— — " At these words M. Safrac, who had listened to me for some time with visible impatience, rose arid scood-against the chimney, holding his cassock up to his knees to warm ids legs. "Y011 are a miserable blasphemer,' lie said, with a severity which was almost contempt, "and, far frorn detesting yon crimes, you con fess them only from pride and dekeuition. 1 will listen to you no longer." I burst into tears and begged his forgiveness. Seeing that my humility was sincere, he allowed me to continue my confession, 011 con dition that I should not spare myself. "My father," T continued, "1 left Leila, lorn ; by remorse ; but the next day she came to see : me, and then commenced a life which harassed me with tortures and delights. 1 was jealous of Paul, whom I had wronged, and 1 suffered cruelly. I do not believe there is a more de- - basing disease than jealousy, nor one which fills the 30ul with more odious images. Leila did not even deign to lie to help me ; in fact, her conduct was inconceivable.- 1 do not forget to whom I am speaking, and I shall be carerul not to offend the ears of the most venerable of priests. J will only say that Leila.dida:q| ftieeriv - to participate/ in the love which she al lowed me to enjoy ; but she had instiiled into my. whole being the poison of passion. Leila was absolutely without that which we call moral sense. You must not believe, for all that, that she showed herself wicked or cruel ; she was, on the contrary, gentle and full of pity. Neither did she lack intelligence, but her in telligence was not of the same nature as ours. She spoke little, refusing to answer all ques tions concerning her past. She knew nothing of those things which we usually know, but. on the other hand, knew much of things of which we are ignorant. Brought up in the Orient, she knew all sorts of Persian and Hindoo legends, which she related in a mono tonous chant, with au infinite grace. To heat her tell of the charming dawn of the world, 'one would have said that she was contemporary with the youth of the universe. One day J made the remark to her. She answered, smil ing : 'I am old, it is true.'" M. Safrac, still standing before the fire, had been bending down toward me for some time, in an attitude of the liveliest attention. " Con tinue,." he said. " Several times, my father. I questioned Leila in regard to her religion. She answered that she had none that, she did not need any : that her mother and her sisters were the daughters of God, and that, nevertheless,, they were not bound to Him by any creed. She wore, suspended round her neck, a medallion, filled with a little red earth, which she said she had piously gathered out of love lor her mother." Hardly had I pronounced these woids, when M. Safrac, pale and trembling, bounded for ward and pressed me in his arms. " She spoke the truth ! " he cried ; "I know now who this ciceatnre was. Jean, your in stinct did riot deceive you. It was not a woman. Finish — finish, I beg of you !" " My father, I have almost finished. Through love of Leila, I had broken off my solemn en gagement, i had betrayed my best friend, 1 had oQended God. Paul, having learned of Leila's infidelity, went wild with grief. He threatened to kill her, but she answered him 'gently: "Try it, my friend ; I would like to die, but 1 can not.' " For six months she was mine. Then, /me morning, she announced that she was going back to Persia and that she would sec me no more. I wept, I moaned, I declared that she never loved me. " ' No, no, my friend," she replied, gently ; 4 but how many women, who have not loved -you -any-more than I, have not giveu you that-- which you have received from -me ? I ou,,5atit> least, owe me some gratitude. ' Adieu !' $ "I remained two days in anger and despair. Then, mindful of the salvation ->f my soul, 1 hastened t o you, my father. I am here ; purify, elevate, fortify my heart! — for L love her still!" ' . M. Safrac remained thoughtful, his hand pressed against his forehead. "My son," he said, at la3t, "this confirms my great, dis coveries ; this will confound the pride of the 'modern sceptics. Listen to me: "Wo live to-dav in a time of miracles, as did the first born men. Listen, listen ! Adam had, as I told you, a first wife of whom the Bible does not speak, but with whom the Talmud makes us acquainted. She was called Lilith. Formed not from one of his ribs, but from the red earth from which he himself was created, she was not flesh of his flesh. She left him of her own free will. He was still living in .innocence when sirs left him to go to those regions where the Persians established themselves long years afterwards and where dwelt the preadam ires- more intelligent and more beautiful than man. She had therefore, no part in the fault of oui first father and was not sullied by Use original sin ; consequently she escaped the curse pro nounced against Eve and her posterity. She was exempt from pain and death. Having 110 soul to save, she was as incapable of merit as of demerit. Whatever she does she does neither good nor evil. Her daughters, born to her from a mysterious hymen, are immortal like herself, and, like her, free in their actions and in their thoughts, since they can neither gain nor lose before God. Now, my son, 1 recognise-, by infallible signs, the creature who caused your fall. This Leila was a daughter of Lilith. Pray ; I will hear you to-morrow in confession." He remained thoughtful for a moment, then, drawing a paper from his pocket he con tinued : " Last night, after having wished you good night, 1 received from the letter carrier, who had been delayed by the snow, a disagreeable letter. The h- ad vicar writes that -my book has saddened monseigneur and cast a gloom in his soul over the coming joys of Lent. rih;s work, lie adds, is filled with daring propositions and opinions already condemned by the fathers. His «racc could not appiove such unwholesome lucubrations. That is what they write me. But I will relate your adventure to nioiiseigm-ur; it will prove to hiui that Lilith exists and that I do not dream." I begged M. Safrac to listen to tne another moment. "Leila, my father, gave me at part ing a pi ce of papyrus, on which are traced, with the po:nt of a stylus, character a which 1 can not read. Here is the amulet." M. Safiac took the light sheet which 1 handed liim and examined it attentively. " This i3 written in a Persian language of the golden age," he said, after a moment, " and may be translated as follows : " ' Prayer of Leila, Daughter of Lilith. 44 4 My God , promise to me death, so that I may taste life. My God. give to me remorse, so that I may find, -pleasure. My God, make me hke io the daughters oj Eve.' " Friend — "So yours was a case of love at fir-t sight ? " Mrs. Getthere — "Yes, indeed! I fell des perately in love with my dear husband 1 lie. moment I set eyes upon liim. ! remember ii as distinctly as if it were yesteidav. I was walking with papa on the beach at St. Kilda, . when suddenly papa stopped, and, pointing him out, said, ' There, my dear, is s man worth two millions.'" r ' " " " ' C 