SOME DENTAL REMINISCENCES. I have bee n .dabbling « little-in dentistry for the past few days, and as far as I have gone I can't say that I hanker after it as a means of list arid relaxation. I had m&ih; rather sit -in a barber's chair and have the barber pour bay rum down my neck, and ask me if Ididh't want a sea foamor a scalp eradicator'. -Asuripleisantand annoying to the/toontive'-wnl M that is it is a Beetli oven symphony alongside of a rest iri a' dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wisji been borh without teeth^ whin he comet to having tHem. filled. ; •" 1 I mentioned this little bon mot to my dentist, but h? only grunted arid told me not to spit on the carpet; There, is something so discouraging to conversation in the regular course of dentistry thkt one hates to have the life knocked out of a little pleasantry by a mercenary minded tooth doctor. A man can think ot a good many things "while a -mfen'a fist and a set of boring apparatus is operating inside his jaws, but he can scarcely find, words to give his thoughts r expression. Then when the merry ripple of persiflnge flows forth with the saliva at some intermission of. the tragedy, he hates to have it received as coolly as a civil service application for office. This makes the last of the Macbeth fillings that I have replaced. There were six of them at first, 12 years ago; all put in by the same master hand. One by one they parted from me; Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in company •with a piece ot molasses candy, others broken off abruptly in the full tide of their strength and usefulness by a stray bit pf oyster shell. £ had a girl once who loosened a large front filling with one of her warm, voluptuous kisses that drew, like a mustard-plaster or a new pieoe of suction hose. This last one I shook out of a teeth-chattering contest, where some one was telling ghost .stories . Henceforth Macbeth and I will be., as though nothing had ever passed between us. r ;. I carry, no more of his bisulphate oi^zino .around - with' me, and I am glad of it. ,; . My first dental experience happened in the early,part.-of my career,'but I never think o! it ,-without a reooil «I horror, whatever that is., v, . .-•:•! The dentist -whose tooth-jerking • emporium ,. and. jaw-dislocating < .parlours I patronised went by the name of Macbeth. He looked like a man who would stoop to murder,, if the man was smaller than he or he had him down. I did not patronise him from choicabut from policy. He run a half-square advertisement in the paper on which I then worked, and one morning when I complained of a toothache, the editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth.Mr. Macbeth kept a small showcase full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to his bicusped bazaar,- and the doctor who did business on the floor above, alsohad a small but choice collection of aristocratic corns on the other side of the stajrcase. The effect, as we artists say, was harmonious but startling. Persons would stop as. they went by to look at the showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's display and point out Major Taylor's three-pronged molar or Mrs. ifridgfe'Tuley's troublesome hard corn. . When I went to Mr. Macbeth, I told bim that a toothache. was troubling me, and that I had a large, important looking tricuspid that I (would like to add to his collection. He said.that he.,didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses,.and professional men in his display but that he might make an exception ifi r nw,.p.ate, • 'if I would give him a ten -line locfiS iq the - next week'f. paper. .1 promised the local, and a g ood position at top of the column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth the same in his case. That was when I was young and proud. Now, I have.liby teeth pulIed,;noL necessarily for exhibition. Tben I took. a. seat, Gpened my mouth and waited, while Macbeth made : his explorations. When he returned from, the interior, he said there was no need of pulling the tooth at nil. That it ought to be filled. He also announced with, gladsome .Euro-^ kanesB, that he had discovered, five other large, under ground cavities that ought to be immediately stopped up.. In my guileles^ innocenoe I told him to go abepd with tfre "contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my month to hold, it-open, while herummaged around among the assortment of rasps he kept in file. Rejecting some, of the less deadly instruments, he selected his favourite weapon and placed himself in an g$j^ijre,attitude. He placed his left handacrqes th'ebridge "of* my nose to steady himself, and his hand was as -cold arid clammy as the touch of a dear departed friend.* I , tried to remonstrate with him, but he had already begun operations, and I could only think up things that I, would say when I got loose. After staking out his claim, he began to bore for quarts. Every once in a while bis gimlet would slip and jab a hole in my jaw. Then he would twist it ojit, brace, his feet more tirmly against the woodwork -and jab away again: -So. he went on, tapping a vein here, ;striking paying dirt there, and run r Ping 1 into a blind lead some place .else,. till all six of the cavities ,.,were filled. Mr. Macbeth's breath was nearly as strong as his arm and came .Tiear .taking the. place ol chloroform.. His .hands also led me; to believe that he had had tqrkey hash for. breakfast, and had dealt with the, neck. But I did not complain. .When a. man haB bis mouth full ot small crowbars ^d nail punches, he is foolish to utter a word of complaint about anything. When I got a chance to get up and beat an honorable retreat, I did so. I think that Macbeth must have taken me tor the late Mr. Macduff. 