FIELD SPORTING The Brisbane Hounds. [BY DRAGON.] I never remember the weather more favourable for an afternoon's indulgence in the noble science than that we experienced on Saturday. The keen air which had prevailed from early morn was by 2 o'clock in the day nicely tempered by our glorious winter sun, and the happy blend provided just suoh a day as to stimulate man and horse into suoh exer tion as that required for a gallop 'crosscountry after tbe hounds. Goodna was our fixture for the day, and taking advantage of a seat in a friend's buggy, behind as nice a horse in "leather" as one would wish to sit behind, we covered the fifteen odd miles to Goodna village, whither we had sent our horses by road in the morning, in a little over an hour, and the extra pleasant drive having somewhat sharpened our appetites we enjoyed a quiet snack, thoughtfully provided for us by host Pyrah, of the Royal Mail Hotel, where horses and hounds had put up for the nonce. At half- past 3 o'clock a goodly number of visitors had put in an appearance, several parties having ridden and driven from Brisbane and Ipswich, and 'shortly after the time men tioned the hounds threw off right in the Town ship opposite the Railway Hotel, and entering Clifford's they kept in view of the railway line for a mile or two, going in the direction of Red bank, and getting as far as the coal pit paddocks the hounds turned to the right and crossed the Ipswich- road at Blair's, and running through that property, crossed a double out of it into Power's on the bill overlooking the village, and taking another turn to the left, ran back again towards the main road and crossed it at the Redbank railway bridge, which they ran under and went into another of Clifford's paddocks, and then through several properties on to Forsyth's and baok onoe again on to the Ipswioh-road above Redbank Station. The rnn, about four and a-half miles, was very fast, in fact muoh too fast, and the opinion that the hounds were "too fast altogether, you know" generally prevailed. Several small casualties occurred, of a comical nature only, as in several X laces the going was very wet and heavy, and ere and there a "purler" into mud and water suggested There were riders who took to the water like rats, There were steeds without horsemen, and men without hats. After the usual law to the drag, the • hounds were laid on to it in Maogregor's-lane, at the rear of the Redbank Station, and going into Maogregor's we had to splash through half-a mile of water, where the holding was pretty treacherous, and having left it behind the hounds took a sweep to the right and crossed a very stiff double from Maogregor's into Miss Alexander's (a timbered paddock), and breast ing a rise at the further end of that property— they crossed a lane, a tricky double, at Simp son's, just overlooking the Redbank railway bridge. The hounds were laying down to it at this point—in a nice clump—with Merry man and Mentor at the head of affairs, and as they swept down an incline in Simpson's with a nice field of huntsmen close upon them at a Btiffish pace, the scene was perhaps the most typical of the day, and was seen to advantage by a large collection of the votaries of Macadam as-»- Away, away, unchecked in pace O'er grans and fallow swopt the chase ; To hounds, to horses, or to men, No child's play was tbe struggle then. Leaving Simpson's and crossing the main road they streamed away on the right hand of the line, going townwards, ran hard right up to the railway bridge at Goodna, passing the school and the saw-mills by Chippendale's and Mulrooney's, crossing Woogaroo Creek at the stock crossing going through Holmes's, and emerging out on to the main road again entered the asylum grounds at the old entranoe, and running through those grounds ran into the drag at the asylum dam, having runabout five miles at a hard pace throughout. A good field of the regular followers were out on the occasion, inoluding the master (Mr. E. G. Eohlin), Miss Newton on Pasha, Miss Mabel Newton on Bolivar, Dr. Schotes on The Quaker, Mr. G. Baynes on Fairfield, Mr. F. M'Gill on Melton, Mr. Feez on Gladstone, Mr. Winter on Anyhow, Mr. E. Baynes on The Doctor, Mr. H. Goggs on The Ghost, Mr. Townley on Problem, Mr. Hanbury on Blue Peter, Mr. M. B. Goggs on Dahlia, Mr. C. Lambart on Stella, Mr. J. Alexander on The Drone, Mr. Thurlow on Silversides, Mr. Rich on a bay, Mr. H. Yaldwyn on Delight, Mr. E. G. Harding on Parnell, Mr. O'Brien on Cassia, Mr. St. A. M'Dowall on Gipsy Girl, Master Scholes on Petersen, Mr. Burke on a gray, the whip (P. Moylan) on Clontarf, and several others. 