still silent ELECTION IN THE -^ UNITED KINGDOM. LORD SALISBURY ON THE POLITICAL SITUATION. In a speech delivered by Lord Salisbury at St. Leonards on May 18th, on the political situation in the United Kingdom, the Prime Minister referred to the coming general election, trade and fiscal questions, and the Home Rule question. The following are the more salient portions of his speech : THE COMING GENERAL ELECTION. As to what the issue of the impending election may be I am not here to speak to you, I have a firm belief that it will issue in a manner agreeable to our common hopes. I still think that we have even larger issues to regard Mr. Noble mentioned that the experience of all Parliaments since the Reform Bill had been against us. I do not think that is entirely the case. As far as I remember, there has only been one Parliament that has gone through six years under the same Ministry, and that Parliament-Lord Palmer ston's when it was dissolved issued in a strong majority for the Government of the day. (Cheers) The Prime Minister died immediately afterwards. But I hope I am not to consider that among necessary events. ("Hear, hear," and laughter.) Individual Ministers come and go, but the Conservative cause lives. (Cheers.) You will naturally expect me, in speaking of public affairs, to refer to those matters which are uppermost in my own mind. As to foreign affairs, there is nothing to tell you. (Cheers.) Mind, I do not answer for next month or next week or to-morrow, any more than I would answer for the sky and the sea that lies near us to- day no man can foresee what shape they may take ; but speaking of the moment there is in foreign affairs an absolute calm. (Cheers.) INDUSTRY PABALTSIO. Within our borders it is different. Questions of deep importance are agitating us. We cannot look abroad into the territories which are occupied by the great industries of this country without a feeling of sorrow and misgiving. It is, indeed, painful to think that the man who should be working with the capitalists who should enable them to work in order not only to promote their own well-being, but the industry of the class that depends upon them, and the prosperity of this mighty Empire are at this moment so divided that industry is paralysed and misery stalks abroad. No man can look upon that spectacle without deep regret, but at the very moment when difficulties and dangers are upon you, you have to guard yourselves against the counsels of the empire who would offer to you solu- tions that are no solutions, and remedies' that would aggravate the disease. (Cheers). I deeply wish that some means of appeasing this war could be found. I earnestly desire that such estate of labour could be established as would give to the labourer sufficient for his maintenance in comfort-(cheers)-and sufficient time for the cultivation of his moral and intellectual being. (Renewed cheers). But I know that these things are not done by de- crees, by the ukase of a Government or Parliament. They are done by growth in knowledge and wisdom of the community itself-(oheers)-by the notion of public opinion, which is more powerful than any Ants of Parliament and the place of which no Acts of Parliament can presume to take. Many years ago the capitalists of this country thought they could solve the difficulties between labour and capital by Act of Parliament, and they tried forbidding the formation of trades-unions or strikes, or any method by which the discontent of labour could be shown. They failed miserably. They only hindered and arrested the industry of the country ; they did not gain the end they had in view, and the Acts of Parliament on which they relied were swept away. But now labour, which in these our days has become powerful, is exposed to the same year, and is falling by the same evil counsel. It hopes that the evils which it dreads can be removed by Act of Parliament. Labourers should learn from the past that these things cannot be remedied by Act of Parliament. Parliament may help them, may facilitate their road, may sweep away any obstacle which a mistaken law affords : but the main- spring and impulse towards a better state of things must come from a higher conception of duty, both on the part of employers and employed. (Hear, hear.) It may be long, but I do not doubt that we shall ultimately reach the goal where these terrible conflicts may be adjusted without the last arbitrament of war. These strikes are nothing but war. Men face starvation themselves in order that they may inflict ruin on their employers, and hope that out of the conflict the objects for which they struggle may be gained. But those are not the methods which the civilised experience of the world has shown that communities can safely adopt. After all, the great triumph of civilisation in the past has been in the substitution of judicial determination for the cold, cruel, crude arbitrament of war. In this country we are slowly, as far as we can, substituting arbitrament for struggle in international disputes. (Cheers.) Can you doubt that the great interests of labour will not follow the same road which civilisation has hitherto pursued, and that we shall in the end by the action of public opinion, by the pressure of more obligation on those who are concerned, learn to find in the decisions of some arbitration and mediating power, a result which men are now attaining at the cost of such vast suffering to them and to others through these miserable strikes. (Hear, hear.) On this matter I can only say that I believe Government may give very useful assistance when it finds that men are willing to operate with them hear, hear) but that as long as men insist on maintaining this hostile attitude the useful interposition of Government or of Parliament is almost excluded. (Hear, hear.) EXTERNAL TRADE. Well, there is another matter which occupies . our minds. After all, this little island lives as a trade island. (Cheers.) It is only by the great industries which exist here, and which find markets in foreign countries, that we are able to maintain the vast population of this island. Bat a danger is growing up. Forty or fifty years ago everybody believed that free trade had conquered the world, and they prophesied that every nation would follow the example of England, and give itself up to absolute free trade. But we see now, after many years' experience, that explain it how we may, foreign nations are raising, one after another, a brazen wall of protection around their shores, which excludes us from their markets, and, so far as they are concerned, doing their best to kill our trade. This state of things does not get better on the contrary it constantly seems to get worse. If I utter a word with respect to free trade I shall, of course, be accused of being a Protectionist, of desiring to overthrow free trade, and of all the other crimes which ingenious imagination can attach to commercial hetero- doxy. (Laughter.) Nevertheless, I ask you to consider whether the true doctrine of free trade carries you as far as some of theo a gentlemen would wish you to go. Every true religion has its counterpart in inventions and legends and traditions which grow upon that religion. The Old Testament had its canonical books, but also had its Talmud and Mishna, the inventions of the Rabbinical commentators. (Laughter.) Now this revul- sion of free trade has had many Rabbinical commentators. (Laughter.) One of the difficulties that we have to contend with is the strange and unreasonable rigour of the doctrines which these Rabbis have imposed upon ns. THE WAR OF TARIFFS. I find that we live in an age of a war of tariffs. Every nation is trying how it can, by agreement with its neighbour, get the greatest possible protection for its own industry, and at the same the greatest possible access to the market of its neighbour. (Hear, hear.) But the important point to me is that while A is very anxious to get the favour of B and B is very anxious to get the favour of C nobody cares two straws about getting the commercial favour of Great Britain (hear, hear-and what is the reason of that? It is that in this battle Great Britain has deliberately stripped herself of the armour and the weapons by which the battle is fought. (Cheers.) You know you cannot do business in this world of evil suffering on those terms. It is no use for you to go into the warfare and say "lama Quaker. I do not fight at all." (Hear, hear.) Well, I can only say that may be noble, but that is not business (laughter, cheers, and cries of " brave "and that on those terms you will get nothing, and I am sorry to be obliged to tell you that practically you get nothing. (Hear, hear.) The opinion of this country by its authorised ex- ponent has been against what is called a re- taliatory policy. (A Voice, " No, no.") But, though that is the case, still, if I may aspire to fill the office of a counsellor of the public mind, and to ask you to form your own opinion, without reference to traditions or to denunciations - not to care two straws whether you are orthodox or not, but to form your opinions according to the dictates of common sense would impress upon you that, if you intend in this conflict of commercial treaties to hold your own, you must be prepared, if need be, to inflict upon the nations which injure you a penalty, which is in your hands, of refusing them access to your markets. (Cheers, and a Voice : "Common sense at last.") I am bound at the same time, to tell you what the difficulty is. The Power which at this moment we have the most reason- to complain of is the United States, and it so happens that what the United States furnish us with mainly, not entirely, are articles which are essential to the good of the people and raw materials which are essential to our manufacturers and we can- not exclude one or the other without serious injury to ourselves. Now, I maintain in this matter I am not the least prepared, for the sake of punishing other nations, to inflict any dangerous or serious wound upon ourselves. I maintain that we must confine ourselves, at least for the present to those subjects on which, we should not suffer very much whether the importation continued or diminished; but what I complain of is that the Rabbis of whom I have just spoken have confused this vital point. They say everything must be given to the consumer. Well, if the consumer is the man who maintains the industries of the country, or if the consumer is the people at large, I quite agree you cannot raise the price of food, or of raw material; but there is an enormous mass of other importations shipped from other countries besides the United States, which are mere matters of luxurious consumption, and if it be a question of wine, or silk, or spirits, or gloves, .< or lace, or anything of that kind daughter, and a Voice: "Hope") I think there is a good deal to be said for hops (laughter) but I should not in the least shrink from diminishing the consumption and interfering with the comfort of the excellent people who consume these articles of luxury for the purpose of maintaining our right in this commercial war and insisting on our access to the markets of our neighbours. (Cheers.) THE GHOST or HOME RULE. I have promised to speak to you about all that is on my mind. You will not imagine I shall be silent about Ireland. (Hear, hear.) But I have a great difficulty in speaking about it. It is like fighting with a ghost. (A laugh.) I don't know what scheme or proposal I am called upon to resist, and no effort we can make can induce our opponents who have challenged our policy to tell us what they would substitute for our efforts. The noble marquis went on to criticise a defina tion recently given by Mr. Justin M'Carthy of the demands of Ireland, and pointed out that the analogy the hon. member had drawn from the position of Canada could not he applied to the scheme of Home Rule as pro- pounded. If the English people read the intelligence from Belfast and the intelligence from Dublin they could see what a mere absurdity it was to compare the condition of Canada and her feeling towards England with the feeling which unhappily a large part of Ireland must yet for several generations feel if there is any truth in history extradition. Mr. Gladstone, in support of his scheme, was fond of referring to the case of Belgium and Holland. What would the feelings of the Dutch Government have been if when Belgium separated from them one of the conditions of the treaty had been that a hundred Belgian members should go on sitting in the Dutch House of Commons? (Laughter and hear, hear.) Supposing, in order to retain the Irish representation at Westminster they put a hundred members into Parliament to vote for taxes which their constituents would not pay and vote for changes in the law to which their constituents would not be exposed and in fact in every vote they give would have a sense of perfect irresponsibility and independence, could they imagine a more dangerous, a more mischievous, and a more degrading position? It was a proposal so outrageous, so beyond all experience and conception, that he (the noble lord) could not imagine that any man who had a reputation to lose and he supposed he might put Mr. Gladstone in that category (laughter) could ever give the sanction of his name to anything so scandalous and so atrocious. (Cheers.) THE POSITION or UMTÄB. Well (continued Lord Salisbury), I have spoken to you about the effect of the proposed Irish legislation upon the people of this country. I cannot conclude without a word upon its effect upon some portion of the inhabitants of that island who will be immediately submitted to it. (Cheers.) On a late occasion I ventured to bring forward in earnest language the grievance of the Ulster people, (Cheers.) I had no notion I was treading upon to tender a corn. (Laughter.) I have produced an amount of wrath which indicates the sensitiveness of the conscience that I have touched. (Laughter and cheers.) But those suggest that I have evoked, or have appealed to, or have encouraged the " danger" against which I have ventured to warn them are as foolish as if they should say that a seaman who called out " Breakers ahead" was to be blamed as the creator of the reefs upon which the ship was rushing. (Cheers.) The danger lies across their path ; they refuse to see it but it is real, and it will require something much more solid and substantial to dispose of it than the jokes of Sir William Harcourt on the imprecations of Lord Rosebery. (Cheers ) They cannot put them in the position of Ulster men, who see the whole of their future life compromised and endangered. They cannot understand the horror with which those men see again the spare arise which so often in the course of their history has been the women of desola- tion, and sorrow, and murder to themselves. (Cheers.) They deceive themselves with a metaphor which is very well in ordinary writing and talking, but it is a mere metaphor. I should like to read to you the words of a great Prime Minister of the past, a man who never by his bitterest enemies was accused of reckless conduct or incautious language. I refer to Sir Robert Peel (Cheers.) These were the words: "Repeal the union, and you shall then see the spirit of the Protestant north, that is lying, not asleep, but in watchful repose, confiding in the justice and protection of England-you shall then see it rise in conscious strength, to defend itself with its own native and sufficient energies from that vile, debasing domination which would be begotten from the foul union of religious hatred and perverse ambition." (Cheers.) With that warning from the grave of the illustrious past to guide you, I entreat you I entreat the electors of Great Britain to pause before they commit themselves to this mad experiment. I do not doubt that the dangers which we indicate are real. I knew the spirit of the men with whom we are dealing. I need only point to what you have read to- day and yesterday in your papers to show that you have not to deal with the ordinary division or religion or of class. You have to deal with Dr. Walsh and his friends his political friends the same Dr. Walsh who appears in the papers as the principal proprietor, and dominating proprietor, of a violent secular partisan journal. I will not prophesy what the immediate result will be, but I will say that in taking such a course you are planting a root of bitterness under whose growth the strength, the union, the harmony, the majesty of this Empire will wither away, and the most valuable and sacred institutions that you cherish will be shaken even to their base. (Loud cheers.) 