STROUD. Your correspondent in this locality having ap- parently given up the ghost, I take the opportunity of sending you a few lines which may be of interest to your readers. Friday next (Arbor Day) is being very anxiously looked forward to by the young people, as it is to be strictly observed as a general holiday. Trees are to be planted by the leading residents, and several of the pupils and their teaohers. A general picnic is to be held during the day, and a magic lantern exhibition at night, which I think is a very good programme for the day's enjoyment. On Thursday last, a large gathering of friends and relatives of Mrs. Carroll, sen., of Booral, took place at her residence, for the purpose of cele- brating the 80th anniversary of her birth. Mrs. Carroll was the recipient of numerous presents, indicating the high esteem in which she is held throughout the, district. About one hundred guests were present during the afternoon, com- posed mostly of the old families of Booral and Stroud. The house was tastefully decorated with evergreens, flowers, fruit, &c;, and the tables groaned beneath the weight of good things with which they were loaded. The birthday cake was a work of art, and was a present from an Alderly friend. Many of the visitors left for home about 5.30 p.m., to enable the younger portion of the community to attend, which they did from all quarters, no less than one hundred and fifty put- ting in an appearance. Dancing, parlour games songs, and flirting made the night pass too quickly, daylight having made its appearance before the last strains of music were heard. Notwithstanding her weight of eighty summers, Mrs. Carroll waited upon the guests like a person of fifty, and re- mained up the whole of the time till the last guest had said adieu. The Bishop of Newcastle íb paying a visit to the widely-scattered portions of the Stroud parish. On Sunday last he preached in St. Andrew's, Car- rington, and on Monday proceeded to Bungwall in the Hon. R. H. D. White's steam launch King- fisher, where he held confirmation on Tuesday morning; afterwards proceeding to Bullahdelah, where he was to perform the Bame rite. His Lordship will have a more perfect idea of the work which the Incumbent of Stroud has to perform, after this personal inspection. We have been favoured with a visit from the temperance orator Mr. R. Crabbe, who concluded a successful mission last night in the temperance hall. I regret to state that Mr. James Smith met with a severe accident last Sunday week. He was pro- ceeding to church at Telegherry with Mrs. Smith, when the horse Mrs. Smith was riding commenced kicking. The horse Mr. Smith was riding, being a young one, followed suit, and whin Mrs. Smith, who threw herself off her horse, looked round, she discovered her husband laying on the road, appar- ently dead, with blood oozing from his mouth. Mr. H. McNeill, who witnessed the accident from afar off, came to her assistance, and the doctor was immediately sent for ; a buggy was procured, and Mr. Smith conveyed to his home« where he now lies. A meeting is to be held on Saturday next to try and form a steamship company to trade between the new wharf and Newcastle or Sydney. As the dredge haB been actively engaged for some time in deepening the channel, and two contracts are let for making the road to the main road, there is now no obstacle to stand in the way of a service being instituted, except the want of unanimity of the shippers, which I trust will be accomplished. Stroud, August 17,1892. 