The Storyteller. The Sorceress.* [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXI. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of " The Son of his Father," The Chronicles of Carlingford," "The Rose in June,". "The Greatest Heiress in England," "Whiteladies," "Within the Precincts," "It was a Lover and his Lass," "Adam Graeme," &c.;, &c.; Portman-square had seemed to Bee the first step into the world after all that had happened, but when she was there this gentle illusion faded. It was not the world, but only another dry and faded corner out of the world, more silent and recluse than even Kingswarden had become, for there were no voices of ohildren within and no rustle of trees and singing of birds without. Tbe meeting with Betty was Bweet, but tbe air of the little old-fashioned tea-table, the long solemn dinner, with the butler and the footman stealing like ghosts about the table, which was laid out with heavy silver and cut glass, with only one small bunch of flowers as a sacrifice to modern ideas in the middle, and the silence of the great drawing room afterwards, half lighted and dreary, oame with a chill upon the girl who had been afraid of being dazzled by too much brightness. There were only the old lady and the old gentle man, Betty, and herself around the big table, and only the some party without the old gentle man afterwards. Mrs. Lyon asked Bee questions about ber exocllent father and she examined Bee closely about her dear mother, wishing to know all the partioularß of Mrs. Kingsward's illness. "I can't get a nice serious answer from Betty. She is such a little thing, and she tells me she was not at home through the worst," Mrs. Lyon said. It was not a subjeot to inspirit Bee, or enable her to rise above the level of her home thoughts. Betty did not seem to feel it in the same way. She was in a white frock with black ribbons, for Mrs. Lyon did not like to see her in black, " suoh a little thing, you know." Bee wondered vaguely whether sho herself, only a year and a half the elder, was supposed to be quite middle-aged and beyond all the happier sur roundings of life. Mrs. Lyon gave her a great deal of advice as to what she ought to do and talked much of the reponsibilities of the elder Bister. "You must teach them to obey you, my dear. You must not let down the habit of obedience; you must be very strict with them; a sister has more need even than a mother to be very strict, to keep them in a good way." Bee sat very still while the old lady prosed. It was so silent but for that voice that the ticking of the clock beoame quite an important Bound in the large dim room. And Bee strained her ears for the sound of a hansom drawing up, for Charlie's step on the pavement. Many hansoms stopped at neighbouring houses and footsteps sounded. But Charlie did not make his appearance " My brother said he would look in later," she had told Mrs. Lyon whon she arrived. " Well, my dear," we shall hope he will," the old lady had said; " but a young man in London finds a hundred engagements." And Betty, who had been so serious, who had been so sweet, a perfect companion at the time of their mother's death, more deeply penetrated by all the influences of the time than Bee herself, now flitted about in her white frook with all her old brightness and sang her little song without faltering to show 13oe what progress she had made since she had been taking lessons. Bee could scarcoly yet sing the hymns in church without breaking down, though to be sure a girl who was having the best lessons would be obliged to get over that. After the * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "The Sorceress" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited, long evening when they were at last alone together Betty did not respond warmly to Bee's suggestion that she should now be thinking of returning home. ••You seem to think of nothing but the children," she Baid, " you can't want me;" to which Bee could only reply that there more things than the children to think of, and that she was very lonely and had no one to talk "But you have Charlie," said Betty. "Charlie is very full of his own concerns. He has not muoh sympathy with me.l All that he wants is to get baok to Oxford." "To Oxford in the vacation? What would he do there?" " He Bays ho would work," said Bee. «« Oh, Bee, how nice of Charlie! I know they do sometimes; Gerald Lyon tells me; but I never thought that Charlie——" "No," said Bea, "and I don't feel very sure now; there is some one to whom he writes suoh long letters " "Oh Bee! This is far, far more interesting than reading! Do you know who she is? Does he tell yon about her?" " Her name is Laura," said Bee, " that is all I know." " Oh," cried Betty, " Charlie too!" and then a flush came over the girl's uplifted face. Bee, poor Bee, absorbed in tbe many things whioh had dawned upon her whioh were beyond Betty, did not observe the oolour nor even that signifi cant " too" which had come to Betty's lips in spite of herself. " I think he met her, or some one belonging to her—at the Academy to- day, and that's why he hasn't oome. Oh, Betty, I am not happy about it—l am not happy at all 1" Betty put her arms round Bee and kissed her. She thought it was the remembrance of her own disappointment and disaster which made her sister cry out in this heartbroken way. Betty looked very wistfully in Bee's eyes. She was more sorry than words oould say. If she oould have done anything in the world "to make it all come right" she would have done so. And in the bottom of her heart she still had a conviotion tbat all would " come right." "Oh, Bee, Bee!" she cried, "cannot any thing be done ? If only—only you would have listened to his mother I—Bee " Bee held up a warning finger. "Do you think it is myself I am thinking of?" she said, and then wringing her hands she added, " I don't know what harm we have done to bring it on—but oh, I think we are in the hands of Fate." • What did this mean? Betty thought her sistor had gone out of her mind, and Bee would make no explanation. But I think this strange conversation made Betty rather less willing to return home. She was the darling of the house in Portman-square; though they did not go much into society they had all manner of indulgences for Betty, and took her to the Park, and encouraged the visits of their nephew Gerald, who was a very merry companion for the girl. He was permitted to take her to see various sights, and the old people as usual did not perceive what was beginning to dawn under their very eyes. Betty was suoh a little thing. The consequenoe was that though Bee thought Portman-square still duller than Kingswarden her little sister was not of that opinion. Bee accordingly went back alone next day, Betty accompanying her to the railway Btation. Neither at Portman-square nor at the railway did Charlie appear, and it was with a heavy heart that Bee went home. It seemed to her as she travelled alone for I think the first time in her life (she was not yet quite twenty) that every one was following his or her own way, and that only she was bearing the whole burden of the family. Her father had returned to his own world, his dub, his dinners, official and otherwise. It was indispensable that he should do so, Bee had understood, it being impossible for a man in his position to withdraw from the world on account of any private feeling of his own. And Betty had flashed baok again into her musio and her white frook and was seeing everything as of old. And Charlie—oh, what was Charlie doing?—drifting off into some tragio enchantment? The poor girl's heart was very heavy. There seemed only herself to think of them all in their separate paths, one here and another there, going further and further off in so many different direotions from the event which had broken the unity of the family, yet surely should have held thera together in their common trouble. That event had gone into the regions of the past. The time of the mother was over like a tale that is told. There were still the children in the nursery and Beo, their guardian, watching over them, but the others wore all going off, each at their separate angle. It is hard enough to realise this even when age has gained a certain insensibility, but to the girl this breaking up of the family was terrible. ««I—even I alone remain," she was inolined to say with the prophet; and what could she do to'stop the closing of these toils of Fate ? Her mind gradually concentrated on that last and most alarming theme of all—the woman, the lady, without a name or history or any evident link with the family, who had thus for the Beoond time appeared in the path. Bee tried to fall back, upon her reason, to represent to herself that sho had no real oauso for assuming that the stranger of whom sho knew nothing, who might simply have been walking trough that German wood and havo stopped by chance to Bpeak to the little English girl with her stupid sketch, had anything to do with the disaster which so soon overtook that poor little English girl in the midst of her happy love. She had no reason, none, for thinking so. She tried to represent to herself how foolish she had been to entertain such a notion, how natural and without meaning the incident had been. And now again, for the second timo, what reason had she to beliove that anything fatal or oven dangerous to Charlie was in this lady's appearance now? She was a distinguished looking woman, much older than Charlie. What was more likely than that such a woman, probably by her looks a married lady, a person of importance, should have a great deal of in fluence over a youth like Charlio if she took notice of him at all ? All this was very reason able. There was far more eoiiso in it than in that foolish terror and alarm which had taken possession of her mind. Sho had almost per- suaded herself that these apprehensions were foolish before Bhe reaohed home; and yet, the moment after she had succeeded in reasoning it all out and convincing herself how foolish they had been, they had risen up in a crowd and seized ber anxious mind again. It was Borne days beyond tbe week which Charlie had been allowed in town when he oame back. He was in agitated spirits, with a look of mingled excitement and exhaustion which gave Bee many alarms, but which she was not suffi ciently skilled or experienced to interpret. Colonel Kingsward had not come home in the interval, having gone somewhere else to spend his weekly holiday, and when he did come there were various colloquies between him and his son whioh were evidently of a disturbing kind. Some of these were about money, as was to be made out by various allusions. Charlie had either been spending too muoh or had set up a olaim to more in the future, a olaim whioh his father was reluotant to allow. But it seemed that he had oome out triumphant in the end, to judge by their respective looks when they issued from the library together just before Colonel Kings ward left for town. " I hope at least you'll make a good use of it," were the father's last words—and " Ton may trust me, sir," said Charlie with all the elation of victory." He was in great spirits all day, teasing the children and giving Bee half confidences as to the great things he meant to do. " They shan't put me off with any of their beastly Governorships at the end of the world," said Charlie. "I shall play for high stakes, Bee. I can't afford to be a mere attache long, but they shan't shelve me at some horrible African station, I can tell you. That's not a kind of promotion that will suit me." " But you will have to go where you are sent," said Bee. "Oh, shall I?" oried Chsrlie. "That is all you know about it. Besides, when a man has a particularly charming wi——-" He stopped and coughed over the words and laughed and grew red. "Do you think your manners are so particu larly charming?" said Bee with familiar scorn, upon whioh Charlie laughed louder than ever and walked-away. Next day he left home hurriedly, saying he was going to moke a run for a day or two to " see a man," and came baok in the same ex cited exhausted state on Saturday morning before his father returned, a process whioh was repeated almost every week to tbe great con sternation and trouble of Bee. For Charlie never mentioned these absences to his father, and Bee felt herself spellbound as if she were incapable of doing bo. How oould she betray her brother? And the letters to Laura ceased. He had no time now to write these long letters. Neither did he reoeive them as used to be the oase. Had the correspondence stopped ?or was there any other explanation? But Charlie talked but little to his sister now, and not at all on this subjeot; and thus the web of mystery seemed to be woven more and more about his feet—Bee alone suspeoting or fearing anything, Bee alone entirely unable to make it clear. Chapter XXXII. The year went on in its usual routine, the boys oame baok from school, there was the usual move to the seaside, all mechanically per formed under the impulse of use, and when the anniversary oame round of the mother's death it passed and the blaok dresses were gradually laid aside. And everything oame back and everybody referred to Bee as if there had always been a slim elder sister at tbe head of affairs. Betty came home at the end of the season with a sentiment in respect to Gerald Lyon, and with the prospect of many returns to Portman square, but nothing final in her little case, nothing that prevented her from being one of the ringleaders in all the mischief whioh inevitably occurred when the family were gathered together. Bee had become so prema turely serious, so over-wrought with the cares of the family, that Betty, who was too energetio to be suppressed, gradually came to belong rather to the faction of the boys than to share the responsibilities of the elder sister, whioh might have been her natural place. The second Christmas, instead of being forlorn like the first, was almost the gayest that had been known in Kingswarden for many years. For the boys were growing, and demanded invitations for their friends and great skating while the frost lasted, whioh, as the pond at Kingswarden was the best for a great number of miles round, Drought many cheerful youthful visitors about the houso. Colonel Kingsward was nothing if not corroot; ho did not neglect the interests of any of his ohildren. Ho perceived at onoe that to have Bee alone at the head of affairs without any support, especially when his own time at home was so much broken by visits, would be bad at once for her "prospects" and for the discipline of the family. He procured a harm less necessary aunt accordingly, a permanent member of the household, yet only a visitor who could be displaced at any time, to provide for all necessary proprieties, an arrangement which left him very free to go and oome as he pleased. And thus life resumed its usual lightness and youth triumphed, and things at Kingswarden went on as of old, with a little more instead of less commotion and company and entertainment as the young people developed and advanced. It was perhaps natural enough, too, in the circumstances that Charlie, though the oldest son,- should be so little at home. He came for Christmas, but he did not throw himself into the festivities with the spirit he ought to have shown. He was in a fitful state of mind, some times in high spirits, sometimes overclouded and impatient, contemptuous of the boys, as having himself reached bo different a line of development, and indifferent to all the family reunions and pleasures. Sometimes it seemed to Bee, who was the only one in the family who concorned herself about Charlie's moods, that he was anxious and unhappy, and that the air of being bored which he put on so readily, and tho hurried way in whioh he rushed out and in, impatient of the family calls upon him, con cealed a secret trouble. He complained to her of want of money, of his father's niggardliness, of the unhappy lot of young men who never had any " margin," who dared not spend an extra shilling without thinking where it was to come from. But whether this was his only trouble, or how it came about that he had discovered himself to be so poor, Bee, poor ohild, who knew bo little, oould not divine. How miserable it was that it was she who was in the mother's place! Mamma would have divined, she would have understood, she would have helped him through that difficult passage; but what could Bee do, who knew nothing about life, who thought it very likely that she was making mountains out of molehills, and that all young men were bored and uneasy at home ? Oh, if people would only be all good, all happy with each other, all ready to do what pleased the whole, instead of merely what pleased them* selves I To Bee, so prematurely introduced into the midst of those jars and individual strivings of will and fanoy, it seemed as if everything might be made so easy in life by this simple method. If only everybody would be good 1 The reader may think it was a nursery view of human life, and vet what a solution it would give to every problem! Colonel Kingsward then would have been more at home, would have been the real father who commanded his children's confi dence instead of papa whose peculiarities had to be studied, in whose preeenoe the children had to be hushed and every ocoasion of disturbance avoided, and of whom they were all more or less afraid. And Charlie wouid have been more or less a second to him, thoughtful of all, chival rous to the girls, fond of home, instead of, as he was, pausing as it were on one foot while bib was with his family, anxious only to get away. And Bee—well Bee, perhaps, would have been different too had that new, yet old, golden rule oome into full efficacy.' Oh, if everybody, in oluding always one's own self, would only be good! It makes the head go round to think what a wonderful revolution in the world generally the adoption of that simplest method would pro duoe. But in poor Bee's experience it was the last rule likely to be adopted in Kingswarden, where more and more to the puzzled conscious ness of the girl not able to copo with so many warring individualities every one was going his own way. It was in the early spring that Colonel Kings ward came down from town to Kingswarden looking less like the adoption of this method than ever before. The ohildren were in the hall when ho oame, busy with some great game in which various skins which were generally laid out there were in use as properties, making, it must be allowed, a scene of confusion in that place. The Colonel was not expeoted. He had walked from the station, and the sound of his voice stopped the fun with a sudden horror of silence and fright whioh, indeed, was not com plimentary to a father. Instead of greetings he asked why the children were allowed to make such a confusion in the place with a voice whioh penetrated to the depths of the house, and brought Bee and Betty flying from the drawing-room. "Papal" they both oriod in surprise mingled with alarm. Colonel Kingsward walked into the room they had left, ordering peremptorily the ohildren to the nursery, but, finding certain friends of Betty's there in full enjoyment of talk and tea, retreated again to his library, Bee following nervously. "Is your brother here ?"' he asked harshly, establishing himself with his back to the fire. "My biother?" echoed Bee, for indeed there were half a dozen, and how was she to know on the spur of the moment which he meant ? Colonel Kingsward looked, in the partial light (for a lamp which smoked had been brought in hurriedly, to make things worse), as if he would have liked to seize his daughter and wring her slender neok. He went on with additional irri tation : " I said your brother. The others, I have no doubt, will provide trouble enough in their torn. For the moment it is, of course, Charlie I mean. Is he here ?" " Papa!" Why, he is at Oxford, you know, in the schools " Colonel Kingsward laughed harshly. "He was going in for honours, wasn't he? Wanted to go up to read in the long vacation— was full of what he was going to do ? Well I it has all ended in less than nothing, as I might have known it would. Bead that!" he cried, tossing a letter on the table. Bee with her heart sick took up and opened the letter, and struggled to read in her agitation an exceedingly bad hand by an indifferent light. She made out enough to see that Charlie had not succeeded in his " schools," that he had not even secured a " pass," that he had incurred the continual censure of his college authorities by shirking lectures, failing in engagements, and doing absolutely no work. So far as was known there was nothing against his moral oharaoter, but Bee, to whom the oensure of the college sounded like, a sentence of death, put down the dreadful letter carefully, as if it might explode, and raised large eyes, widened with alarm and misery, to her father's face. " Oh, papa 1" was all that she could say. " I telegraphed to him to come home at once and meet me here. The fool," said Colonel Kingsward, paoing about tbe room, "is capable of not doing that—of going away—of " " Papa, they say there is nothing against his character. Oh 1 you couldn't think that he would—do anything dreadful ? not disappear? not " Bee said the rest in an anguish of suspioion and ignorance with her eyes. " God knows what an idiot like that may do 1 Things are bad enough, but he will Of course think them worse than they are. There is one thing we may be sure of," he said with a fioroe laugh, "Charlie will do nothing to make him self uncomfortable. He knows how to take oare of himself." Colonel Kingsward walked up and down the room gnawing the end of his moustache. The lamp smoked but he took no notice of it. " There is one thing oertain," he said, " and that is that there's a woman in it. I remember now he was always thinking of something—like an ass I supposed it was his studies. No doubt it was some Jezebel or other." " Papa," said Bee. " Speak out t Has he told you anything ?" He stopped in front of her, and stood looking with threatening eyes into her face. "If you keep baok anything from me," he said, " your brother's ruin will be on your head." " Papa," said Bee, faltering, "it is not muoh, I know. I know that thore was a lady, who lived in Oxford " . , . , •• Ah! The long vacation, he exclaimed with another angry laugh. "Ho used to write long letters to her and he told me her name ?" "That is something to the purpose. What was her name ?" "He Baid," saidßoe, in a horror of betray ing her brother, yet impelled to speak, "he said that she was oalled —Laura, papa." " What ?" he cried, for Bee's voice had sunk very low; and then he turned away again with an impatient exclamation, calling hor again a little fool. "Laura, confound her! What does that matter. I thought you had some real information to give." " Papa," said Bee timidly, " there is a little more, though perhaps it isn't information. When he took me to the Aoademy in summer I saw him meet a lady. Oh, not a common per son, a beautiful grand looking lady. But it oould not be the some," Bee added after a pause, "for she was muoh older than Charlie, not a young lady at all." " Why didn't you tell me this at the time ?" oried Colonel Kingsward. "Can one never secure the truth even from one's own ohildren ? I should have sent him off at once had I known. What do you mean by not young at all?" " I should think," said Bee with diffidence and a groat anxiety not to exaggerate such a droadful statement, " that she might perhaps havo been—thirty, papa." " You little idiot," her father kindly replied. Why was she a little idiot ? But Bee had not time to go into that question. The evening was full ot agitation and anxiety. The poor little girl, unused to suoh sensations, sat through dinner in a quiver of anxious abstrac tion, listening for every sound. There were several trains by which he might still come, and at any moment when the door .opened Charlie might prcsont himself, pale with down fall and distress, to meet his father's angry look, whose eyes woro fixed on the door when ever it opened with as muoh preoccupation as Bee's—with this difference, that Boo's eyes were eoft with excuses and pity, while those brilliant steely eyes which shone from benoath her father's dark brows, and whioh were the originals of her own, blazed with anger. When dinner was over, whioh he hurried through, disturbing the servants in their leisurely routine, Colonel King3ward again called Bee to him into the library. She was tho only person to whom he could talk of the sub jeot of which his mind was full, whioh was the sole reason for this great distinction; for he had very little patienoe with Boe's trembling remarks. "Don't be a little fool," was the answer he made to any timid suggestion upon whioh she ventured, but yet there was a necessity upon him to discuss it with some one, and Bee, however inadequate, had this burden to bear. "If the woman is the kind you say, and if she thinks there's anything to be made by it— why the fool may have married her," he cried. "Heavens! think of it; married at threo-and twenty, without a penny! But," he added, colouring a little, "they are very knowing, these women. She would find out that he was not worth her while and probably throw him off in time." "Oh, papa!" cried Bee, horrified by the thought that her brother might be deserted in the moment of his downfall. " That is the best we can hope. Ho will have Kingswarden, of course, when I die, but not a penny—not a penny in the meantime to keep up any suoh ridioulous—— Listen! is that the train?" There was a cutting near Kingswarden through which the thundering of the train was heard as it passed. This had been a great grievance at first, but it wa3 not without its con veniences to the acoustomed ears of the house hold now. They both listened with anxiety, knowing that by this time it mu3t havo stopped at the Btation and deposited any passenger, and for the next half-hour watched and waited, Bee, with all her being in her ears, listening with an intensity of attention such as she had never known before, holding her breath, while Colonel Kingsward himself, though he kept walking up and down the room, did so with a softened step which made no sound on the thiok carpet, not uttering a word, listening too. To describe all the sounds they heard or thought they heard, bow often the gate seemed to swing in the distance and the gravel start under a quick foot, would be endless. It was the last train; if he did not come now it would be clear tbat he did not mean to oome. And it was now too late for any telegram. When it was no longer possible to believe that he could have been detained on the way Colonel Kingsward drew a . long breath of that disappointment whioh, in '. the yielding of nervous tension, is almost for the moment a relief. " If there is no letter to-morrow morning I shall go up to Oxford," he said; " and, Bee, if you liko you oan come with me. You might be of use. Don't say anything to Betty or your aunt. Say you are going with me to town by . the early train, and that you may possibly not return till next day. There is no need for say . ing any more." "Yes, papa," said Bee submissively. That was all be knew! No need for saying any more to Betty, who had known every movement her sister made since ever she was born! But at all events Bee made up her mind to escape ex planations so far as she could to- night. She paused for a moment at the door of the drawing room as she passed. No more peaceful scene oould have presented. Betty was at the piano singing one song after another, half for practice, hiTf to amuse the aunt who sat dozing in her chair by the fire. The others had gone to bed, and careless youth and still more careless age, knowing nothing ot any troubles, pursued their usual oocupations in perfect composure and oalm. The aunt knitted mechanically and dozed in the warmth and quiet whioh she loved. And Betty went on singing her songs, indifferent to her audienoe yet claiming attention, breaking off now and then in the middle of the line to ask: "Do you like that, Aunt Ellen? Are you paying any attention, Aunt Ellen ?" " Yes, my dear, I like it very much," the old lady said, and dozed again. Bee turned away with a suppressed sob. Where was Charlie ? in disgrace, perhaps heart broken, deserted by his love, afraid to meed his father ? It was foolish to think that he was out in the night, wandering without shelter, without hope, for thore was no need of any such tragic oircuin stanoos, but this was the pioture that presented itself to Bee'B aching and inexperienced heart. [to de continued.] 