I PARS PITHILY PUT. Winter Socialities. Ghost yarns. Balancing up. Hew-loau floated. Gloom disappearing. New office at fit Kilda. Another portrait to-day. Charity ;cr&Be; still booming. An income tax on the cards. No Sunday concerts at Prahran. fihean fish at the Prahran market. legion of Belief at fiontb Tana. j The last half of 1892 entered opon, j Portrait of a ' coming man ' next Satux* ; day. - . . . Elgbteenpenny rate for Prahran threat ened. ? Drapers at the Bijou on Thursday even* ing last. Ait r avoir [we dpn't like farewell] Bey. 0\. Copland, A Mein will— £25,000. Tho doctoring business pays. llessre. Gowenlockand Doyne appointed valuers for Prahran. The Toomk Park is to be planted with trees at a cost of £15. Sir .M. H. Davies' name hissed— 'alas, the rercrecB of fortune 1 . portrait cf our worthy young friend, Fred. Ohamberlln, to -day. Week of self-denial at 6t. Matthew's, PrahroD— in fact, everywhere else. Balaclava Tradesmen's . Cricket Club co&ccrt; and social on the 27th inst. We open pur Sc. Kilda business in new offices this morning— No. 209 High-street. A large fox was trapped in the garden of Mrs, Kirk, of South Yarra, on Monday last First cable message from England to Melbourne received twenty years' ago to-day. The household goods and chattels of Sir M. B. Davies disposed of at auction on Tuesday. We regret having to hold over at the last moment the usual instalment of Our Docal History. ? The funeral of Mr. J. Noonan, J.P., of St. Kilda on Wednesday was largely at tended. . . . . - The Prahran council bas sent to London £3105 15s., . interest .due on loans on 1st October next. The new . loan a success, despite the efforts of .tbe British press and the Vic torian ban^a. A.N.A., St. Kilda, held their first meeting in the friendly societies' den at the town hall on Tuesday. Arjnadale. Private Quadrille Assembly again terpsichoreate next Tuesday evening at -the Armadale ball. Freetrade and Protection will be de bated by the St. Kilda Literary Association next Monday evemog. The Bev. T. J. Malyon on the ' Scottish Covenanters ' at the Prahran Town-hall, next Monday at 8 p.m. License .of the Gippsland Hotel, at Windsor, transferred from Mrs. Selman to Mr. George W. Herbert. East Prahran Bible Christian Church anniversary to-morrow — usoal tea meeting iestivities on Wednesday. Our genial jovial local representative at 6t. Kilda intends to ''stew hard ' to make bosiuese hum in the district Dr. Leger Erson has taken possession of bis new premises, formerly occupied by the Mercantile Bank at Prahran. South Suburban Horticultural Society's usual monthly meeting next Thursday evening at the Prabran Town-hall. Good Intent Lodge, A.O.F., St. Kilda, move to the town ball this month after thirty-three years 6 bay in one spot According to Cr. Moore of St. Kilda, the proper title for tbe coming empire of the southern seas should be Anstra-wrry-a. LegionB of Belief in all directions— let us hope no ill effects will result from an over boom in this kind of philanthropy. Half- yearly election of officers of 6t Kilda A.N.A. at Tuesday's meeting. Pre sident, secretary, and treasurer re-elected. The Bethel Harmony Club in 'Hasic, Song, and Story ' at Prabran on tbe 28th inst.— for fuller particulars wait A. Little. Frank Spencer committed for trial by the Prahran bench for burglary at the resi dence of Mrs. Elizabeth Esdale on the 19th inst. St. Kilda friendly societies arc gradually working down to the room in the town hall. The A.N.A. led, and the Foresters follow . next. The cable message announcing the sue cess ot tnenew loan occupied tnree'tjttfirtcra of an hour in transit from London to Mel bourne. Tbe magistrates presiding at the Prabran court on Thursday were the mayor and Messrs. Sykcs, Bosales, Michell, and Horn blower, J'fi.P. The St. Kilda Advertiser with a home all its own, saith the circular just dis tributed amongst tbe residents of that peaceful snburb. It is stated by an expert that depositors in the Premier Permanent Building Society will get abont 19s, in the £ some time about the end of 1803. 'I'm a self-made man,' roared the political candidate. 'Well, it's a 'poor job, Jiny way,' commented the reflective voter In the gallery. Prahran loses one of its oldest and best parsons by the retirement of tbe Bev. Osric Copland from the pastorate of the Independent Church. Mr. A. Pooley, proprietor of the W.M.S.Co., gives & cwt of meat to the local distressed — hear, hear 1 Besidcnce of Robert Gardner, Hothara street, Windsor, burglarised between 7 aud 9 p.m. on Sunday. Cash, jewellery, etc., to the value of £15 stolen. Three-hundred men expected to be employed shortly at tbe new Inkcrman Btreet crossing at St. Kilda. Thanks, Mr. Commissioner of Customs. The scale . of charges for letting tbe Prahran Town-hall buildings lias been revised and appreciably reduced. Just what we said should be done. The Canlfield council at its meeting on Wednesday resolved to request the Malvern council to propound a schcmc for planting Dandcnong-road with trees. There arc a lot of foolish inexperienced boys in the Caulfield council, and the silly 1 ttreddle they talk is not up to the average of a juvenilo debating society. Cr. Moore thinks everybody is lazier now-a-days than the generation before us 1 were. We wish he'd tackle a suburban ; editor's billet on publishing days. John L. 6oUivan, tbe pugilistic actor, denies the rnmour that he intends entering | upon political life— political life will please i accept our hearty congratulation. The abode of Nicholas Lewisbam. ware houseman, May-road, Toorak, was broken | into by thieves on Tuesday, and jewellery, etc., to the value of £90 was stolen. Cr Oamentt the chairman of the Prahran finance committee, rubs it into Mr. J. E. Stewart, city auditor, etc., etc., ctc., in onr correspondence columns of this issue. This is a country of great endurance and wonderful vitality. It is not more than half killed yet, despite the depression— at least it was not at the hour of goiug to pres. . The Prabran council arc considering whether someaction Is not neocewry *-» prevent the swift and eUcnt bicycles from running over the ratepayers in Chapol strcet. The. Minister of Hallways will receive a deputation from the Prahran council on Tuesday next at Spenoer-strect at 11 am. on thesubjcct of a new railway station at Prahian. Loyal Windsor Lodge G.U.O.O.F, fesli vate at their hall in Albert -street. Windsor next Wednesday evening iri'honor of their &lst; birthday— A; soiree 'and ball the pro gramme. A splendid programme is to be given at the concert and social of tbe Balaclava grades Crioket Club on the $7tb. Q. D. Williams, the local police force, is seoretary, Tho Bishop . of Melbourne conducted a confirmation, service at St. Stephen's Church, Elsternwiek, on Thursday evening last, a. large . number of confirmee* being presented. The Prabran council has, received claims from J. G. Crooke, S. Blmcox, and others for damage done to their properties by flying pieces of market*' during last week's hurricane. ? Overheard, at tbe 5sst £L Kildfc Presby* tcrian tea meeting last Taesday evening : u Bobby, my love,' could you eat any mpre ? 11 -f( Ye-ea, mamma, I think I could —if I s^ood up ! ' . No mayora) teipsichorean festivals at Piauiap-or St. Kilda this year— 14 ughugh ugh, nastiest mayors we ever bad,' quoth the maidens and masberv who look forward to these free feasts. Stringer, butohcr, of Hlgh-.treet, ot. Kilda, is nobly relieving the distress by supplying goods to the order of the ladies of the local relief fond. _ An enjoyable and successful concert was given on Tuesday evening last at Christ Church schoolroom.St, Kilda, in connection with the literary and athletic union con nec ted with that ohurch. At a danoe the other evening, a young damsel of 16 stone came down on the pet corn of her partner,' who remarked that he liked rings on bis Sngen bat be couldn't stand belles on his toes. A garnishee order was made by tbe Prahran magistrates on Monday to attach the sum of £2 owing to a judgmcntdebtor by Mr. J. T. Moffitt in favor of the judg ment creditor, B. Henderson, Orders for the amounts olaimed with costs were made .by the Prahran magistrates on Thursday in the following debt eases T. M. Stevenson v. J. Mariburk, 18s.; and Jas. Cripps v. Thomas Curry, £3. The electric light at.the corner of High street and Boundaty-road, Malvern, is con sidered to be one of the finest street lights around Melbourne. It is extremely power ful and serves its purpose admirably. It is anticipated that All Saints' Church, St. Kilda, will shortly be eligible for consecration. The debt has been rataced to £700. which with a little pollall together ought easily to be wiped out. It is estimated that C000 persons visited Sir M. H. Davies* Toorak residence or? Monday and Tnesday on the occasion of the sale of his household effects. Special trams had to be put on to meet the traffic. Bcai estate changing hands again. The well-known hostelry, known as Larkin's Hotel, at the corner of Queen-street aud Chancery-lane, was sold at auction on Wednesday to Mr. P. Hegney for £15,000. The station at Albert Park was broken into on Thursday night, and the safe, sup posed to contain about £200, carried off. The enterprising burglar was evidentlyon the look-out for the proceeds of monthly tickets. Cr. Moore's description of ladylike larrikinism at a fashionable London wed ding in his lecture on Tuesday might stand word for word for an account of Miss Ecsic Jenyns wedding in Sydney a few years since, The new Chapel-street oyster saloon, opposite the office of tho Prahran Tele graph% is fitted np ia a style not excelled in Melbourne, and the enterprising pro* prictors, Messrs. Michael and Banos, deserve to succeed. At the St. Kilda court on Tuesday, orders were made in tbe following debt cases : John H. Thomas v. Ernest Green, £4; Shendon Bros. v. James Taylor, £1 6s. 8-L; same v. Thomas Keilor, £5 5s. ; same v. Linard, £1 12s. 7d. A woman of a strong will— the late Mrs. Mary Ann Cox, of Kcw, who died leaving possessions to the tune of £222,000. Strange wc never hear of such people till they pass hence to answer for the way they have used their wealth. A cabman named William Avery was charged at tbe Prahran court on Thursday with having driven on the footpath in Chapel-street at the town hall. The defence was that tho horse had shied, and the bench dismissed the case. The body of the young man recovered by the water police off the St. Kilda pier I on Tuesday was subsequently identified as | that of Michael Bcidy, who had been I missing from Boss's Family Hotel, West I Melbourne, for a day or two. Several of tbe youthful Canlfield coun , cillors want ' 6ittineon' badly. They bob up and down half a dozen times each to I djscuss most trivial matters. Their own voiccs sound sweetly in their own cats but other people arc bored to death. Mr. H. Balder&on;, J.P., a worthy old cx-major of St. Kilda, has been unanimously appointed liquidator of the Colonial Investment and Agency Company— an evidence of tbe confidence which is reposed in his integrity in the financial world. A series of football matches are now being played between the lads of the various State schools at Prahran, Mr. J. IL Fnrneaux having offered a prize for tbe best team. The Windsor Bchool is to the front, so far. Now then, boys, wire in ! ' The Lsgion of Belief met at ChriBt Church schoolroom, South Yarra, on Wednesday evening. Mr. J. Harris, M.L.A., occnpicd tbe chair, and Colonel Goldstien, Cr. J. Turner, Messrs. Meudell, Templeton, Mann, and others delivered addresses. At' the Prahran court on Monday, A. Ohamberlin obtained orders against Thomas Ferguson, £8 2s. 6d.f and F. King, £3 16s. for the recovery of tbe amounts named, by distress ; W. H. Gardiner also obtained a verdict against Henry Beyer ior us. ffd. - : — ' Table Football ' is the latest parlor pastime, and a highly interesting and ingenious contrivance it is. The game is played on cardboard, representing a field of twenty players on each side, with goal- ' fiosts, kickers, ball, and rules accompany ng the game. Prahran councillors Muntz and Forbes arc in favor of Sunday concerts. 41 Good secular music, a6 well as sacred, would do no harm,' said Cr. Forbes at the last council meeting. ' Aba,' cried Cr. Turner, 'there's the thin edge of the wedge showing already.' The lads of the Toorak and 6outh Yarra Try Society give a Special Night next Monday evening at their hall in Surrey road, Hawksburn, the programme con sisting of songs, recitations, gymnastic displays and selections by the band. Admission a silver coin. Six shops at the corner of Grosvenor and ' Chapel streets, South Yarm, producing an : annual rental of £720, were put up to auc tion last week, when the highest bid was £11,600, the reserve bqjng £2000 more. Three double-fronted cottages on 82ft. of land in Vine street were sold for £790. Mr. E. Bowlcn, of Commcrcinl-road, Prahran, scored another achievement on Taesday in connection with the catering at the East St. Kilda Presbyterian anni versary tea meeting. About 400 persons partook of tea and tbe arrangements were faultless. Another victory for L0GALI6M. Mayor Maddock sounded the tocsin ef alarm at the Prahran council meeting on Monday, in regard to the reduction of the valuation basis from G to 8 per cant,, which he predicted would mean an increased rate next year. He will submit a motion on tbe subject at the next meeting of the council. In the case Win. Snndford v. Jane Thomas, £1 3s. for rent of a house, at the Prahran court on Thursday, the plaintiff sent a representative '* not exclusively in his employ ' to appear for bim, and con sequently, as Solicitor Emmerson appeared for the defendant, the case was dismissed with 10s. 6d. costs. j Our ingenious friend, J. O. Prescott, of St. Kilda, has broken out in a fresh place— tbiB time as a patentee of an unique advertising board for the use of estate agents, wbich, however, works to the detriment of the printer's art.' J.' O. P. had better keep within gun shot of this office, or there will boa funeral. The Prqhran A.N.A. and Dr. Gaunson have had a wrangle, with the result that tbe doctor's position as a medical officer of the branch is to let It is unfortunate for all concerned that tbe hranoh cannot get along with the medical profession. The j nature of the present difficulty will be re- , fcrred to in next W«Jnpaday*« ' j Atmttenrie ease at the St. Kilda conrt j yesterday came to a sadden stop on an j objection by Mr. Blackott, Government j analyst, who pointed out that as he was 1 the final referee in case of dispute, the I analysis for the proseontion should bare been made by the local analyst The .case , was therefore postponed for a fortnight. j A young man named Henry Power was I oharged at the Prahran court on .Thursday with stealing several billiard balls, which, , in company with a companion, he was en- 1 deavouring to pawn in Chapel-street. The ubiquitous Wilcox it was who effected the ancst, and he applied for a remand until Monday, which -was granted. Ex-Or James Wlghton, vioe-oonsul for Italy, having severed his oonneotion with the legal firm of Davies, Price, and Wigh ion, has started practice on his own account at 407 Collios-street, Melbourne. Mr. Wighton has a wide circle of friends, and with a first-claes legal training, he should succeed in coming well _ to the . front amongst the limbs of tbe law. A quarrel in connection with the dis puted possession of a van was ventilated in the Prahran court on. Monday.. Chas. Gillam had hired a van and horse 'out to one Bobert Brooks, but as theiatter had not paid his rent, the vehicle was taken from ; bim. A man named Thomas Edwards also | got mixed np in the row, and he and Brooks 1 in their endeavour to retain possession of : the van were assanlted by Gillam, and each of tbem brought a charge of assault against him. in Brooks' ease tbe summons was dismissed, but defendant was fined 20s. for assaulting Edwards, |: At the Prahran conrt on Thursday Mr. Se'.on Williams, solicitor, was engaged by . Mrs. Buth Strickland to prosecute Mrs. ' 8. Robinson for £2 10s. balance of account I alleged to he owing for a bedstead. De fendant pleaded a set off for nursing Mrs. Strickland senior. The whole *j*afr arose j oot of a Roman's quarrel, and the bench I non-suited both parties. Emma Ede sued her husband, G. W. Ede, in the Prahran conrt bn Monday for I arrears of maintenance, amounting to' I £3 15a. The bench had some time prc viouBly made an order against Edo for 16s. per week for bis wife's support, wbich he had neglected to comply with. A fresh, order was made for the arrears, with 26s. costs., A fraud summons customer named A. Frederico was made an example of by Dr. Fetheiston at the Prahran court on Monday, . Mr.' Temme, a South Yarra draper, sued him to ascertain what means be bad to pay a debt of £2 2s. 9d., bnt defendant declined to appear, and tbe ' bench fined him 60s. for non atttendance, I in default 7 days' imprisonment I Mr. 3. J. Boland, produce dealer, sued I Wm, WoodB in the Prabran court on Monday ior the recovery of 12s. 2d., ! amount alleged to be owing for a bag of I cereals. The defence was that the goods ; I had( been purchased from a Mr. Millar, , against whom Woods had a contra account, j : Complainant said Millar bad simply sold i , the goods as his agent The benoh did not . 1 believe this, and dismissed tbe case with , 42s. costs, | Messrs. H. Stokesbery and W. H. Hart- 1 ley asked tbe St, Kilda councillors on Thursday to try and find the local nnem* i ployed work on the construction of the i Inkermab'Strect viaduct. The mayor pro- ! mised that the council would use its in fluence to have as many local men as possible employed, but, of course, the work* men would be engaged through the labor I bureau. ! An illuminated address, a massive 1 gold albert chain and a cheque for £15 presented to the Bev. Osric Copland at the farewell contenazione last Monday evening, Tne yuang folks of tbe Christian Endeavour, one of tbe many useful agcncics at work in connection with the Prabran Independent Church, also testified their love and esteem by a pre sentation. Elizabeth Gordon, a comparatively young woman, charged with vagrancy, was 1 again before the Prahran courton Thursday, and remanded for seven days. Elizabeth was fonnd by the police in rather a dc ' mented state wandering in the streets a ' few weeks ago, when she was arrested and placed under medical treatment. Her condition bas now considerably improved, 1 and the police are making inquiries as to her friends and relations. Messrs. Asher and Co., the well-known estate agents, of SCO Chapel-street, South Yarra, arc doing a fair share of business, notwithstanding the dull state of the times, several small properties having been successfully negotiated doring the week. The firm acts as local agent for the Atlas I Assurance Company, one of the strongest i companies in the world. Attention is j direct-cd to Messrs. Asher'e advertisement | on our fourth page. | Some good may evolve from the little shindy the. Prahran councillors have had with Dr. Cooke, the Board of Health being third party to the row, for ncglecting to report a case of typhoid fever, as it will direct the attention of the board to tbe necessity of supplying the councils with books, forms, and other paraphernalia re quired by medical men, who have now to turn the Ted- tape machine in the Health Department's officialdom to obtain neces sary stationery. A man named ? Thomas Simmons was charged at tbe Prahran court on Monday with cruelly ill-treating a horse, by driving it from Coburg to Dandenong-road, Wind, sor, with a load weighing 3 tons cwt Before completing the journey the horse fell from sheer exhaustion. This was the allegation made by tbe police, but tbe banch decided that there was no evidence to prove that the horse was in a weak condition, or that, as a matter of fact, it had not merely slipped and fallen on the wooden blocks, and dismissed the case. The death was announced on Monday of Mr. John Noonan, J.P., of Jackson-street, St Kilda. Mr. Noonan was 49 years of age, and had been for a number of years a resident of the district The funeral took place on Wednesday at tbe Melbourne fetaezal cemetery, and was largely attended y bis brother magistrates anafriende. At the St. Kilda court yesterday the members of the local bcnch, .Mayor Marriott, Crs. Moore and O'Donnell, and Inspector Webb, on behalf of the police, each ex pressed regret at his loss, and spoke in complimentary, terms of the astute u«8s~sna rimnnw Tqr rnitnrl (if the de ceased, and the* great assistanoc 'he 'had always been to his brother magistrates. 