A FARMER'S TRAGEDY. The Speaker. It is a year since I met the mournful procession going home by green lanes. The. blackbirds sang in mad rivalry just the same : croak, croakNvcnt the corn-crake, the harsh . voiise of the: summer ; the meadows ' were' turning brown, yellow iris was springing on her green flaggens; the hawthorn, as now, was turuinc to pink, making every bush look a more laoisli bower of Botticelli's than Spring herself could furnish herself. Such a divine, dewy, green even ing, with the fragrance of a censur in the air ; and there was coming towards me in the nrrrow lane a line of labourers marching dejected, a ahorse and cart following. I could not not avoid if I would. I had spoken to the man at the horse's head before I saw the thing that answered my question — something lying stark aud awful, under the sacks in the cart, that dimly outlined a human shape, with the rigid dead feet pointing up wards. There was no need to ask who it was, The farmer's son had been missing some weeks, and I had heard of his loss with a vague curi osity, which now quickened into ap palled interest. lie had been lying all those weeks in a pool, the waters of which, scarcely covered him. No one had thought of searching the place, though every quarry-hole and pond had been dragged. It was in a lonely iield, turning to a meadow, in the midst of which was a curious -hoi or fort oil a mound. They said that somewhere below it, chocked up, led a subterranean passage to a great old house of the neighbourhood. He must have drowned himself, poor lad, with the terrible determination of the insane; must have lain face down ward in the mud of the place where tliev they found him ; lain all those weeks in sunrise and sunset, while the larks had soared out of the grass be side him, and the little cottagc cliildren had filed by the hedge not many yards away, looking for bird's nests and eggs speckled and blue. The only sou of his father; but his mother's son, one felt sure. He had nothing in common with the dour, hard-faced, hard-listed old man, whom age had no power to break or soften. Ilis mother died the merest slip of a girl. Ske had, 1 have heard, this boy's silky pale hair and clear skin, and huge, frightened eyes. They had married lier with as much sentiment as one sells a heifer at the market. Her old husband — for he was old even then — was tho richest man of the country-side, and the aunt and uncle who had the giving of her, considered her a right lucky girl. They took her out of her convent school and ucr merry girlhood, and gave her over to this grey husband. I have heard he was very gentle with her, but in the months they were married she grew a wofullv frightened creature, shrinking from him, the people said, and inces santly weeping when she could steal away by herself. So it was no wonder that when this boy was born she had not the vitality to pull through. If she had seen his face, indeed, she might have tried to live for him — the acres and the dairy, and the jaunting car, and the best parlour with roses on the wall-paper, having proved all in sufficient. But she never rallied after the child was born, just sinking into a stupor, which lasted till the death a few hours later. The old mail asked no comfort, and would take none. His face, they said, grew more like a grey rock than ever, his hair went white in quite a short time, but his sufferings — if suffer he did — he bore with the proud stoicism of an Indian brave. The child he never noticed, seemed neither to love nor hate it. But while the hoy was young, the soft-hearted peasant mothers made up for this coldness. Kitty, the old woman who was house keeper and general servant at the farm, adored him and when he was old enough to he led by the hand as she went- on this or that short errand, the neighbour women overwhelmed him with fondness and praise. Pity it could not last always, this quiet childhood. But a time came when his father began to notice him as the heir to his land and his bank notes. The old man should indeed have been the founder of a family. With in credible industry, and wonderful sagac ity as well, he had added acre to acre and shilling, till he was actually extremely wealthy. And how he loved his land ! It is the richest and kindliest land, with manure and drainage and labour buried in it like gold-dust, which it yields every year in smiling harvests. He gave it the love which had been thrown back on his heart by the wife who had cheated him of her love. I think he was no stony-hearted tyrant in the matter of the marriage. In his youth lie had never had time to love ; marriages were arranged so all about him ; and the girl had been too timid to show her aversion so openly that lie could read it. Then he had loved her no doubt, .and had recognised that the marriage of him had killed her. Perhaps in this whimpering pale-faced son he saw lier aversion come to life again. In a way it was hard upon him. Close-fisted as he was, he had a certain largeness of view. I think had his only son been a fellow of will, cour age, and ambition, the old father would have opened his purse-strings and lavished upon him the things that should give a fair bent to his qualities. But for this for his only son ! This puling boy who dissolved in tears if he but only looked at him; who dared not sleep by himself for feat of hobgoblins, who mooned in cessantly with a dog at liis heels, and believed implicity every superstition of the peasantry. It turned him sick with auger to think upon him. As he grew up it was no better, lie no longer wept, but he slunk out of his father's way like a dog that has been beaten once and may be again ; he crouched by the hob if it was cold and wet ; he was always being c^ddledby Katty for a chill: or an achejiiand in V .-'...//.,:--.. . . ill summer he desired no more that to bo hidden all day in the overgrown or chard at the foot of the hill reading a ?ragged -book or a sheaf of ballads purchased from the pedlars, or lying ?in the grass with his hands clasped ?below his head, gazing into the apple ?boughs, where, presently the horned moon should swing, and the screech owl call her melancholy whistle. He was very familar with birds and beasts or plants ; very simple, devout and imaginative. A delicate lad, with easily jangled nerves and too large organs of belief and veneration, and with a capacity for a great afl'ection ateuess. What schooling lie got was from a poor tutor, a disqualified can didate for the priesthood, who came to the house for a couple of years. The old man despised his son too heartily to put liini in competition with other boys at a boys school. He was always a devout lad, but when his tutor, whom he had grown attached to, had left him, lie became absorbed in his prayers aud devotions, liis walks now generally led him towards the church ; and, mushroom gathering on a June evening, I have come upon him chanting his Rosary aloud to himself. He was getting towards manhood when his father unfortunately began to think it was time to break him in to his own ways. The hoy himself had got the idea of being a priest. He did not dare to speak of it to his father, but his one confidant, a mild old curate yet awaiting the promotion never to come, did it for him. The old man laughed in his pastor's face with fierce scorn, and bade him mind his own business so very emphatically that the old priest bowed himself out with a forlorn sense of outrage. The boy was turned into farm- work, and began from then to drift into a melancholy madness. I have seen him the forlornest figure, awkwardly stumbling behind a plough on a high upland, against a grey winter sky : I have cauglit a glimpse of him, moon struck and melancholy, standing by a hedge, while the mowing-machine sang on its way and the chattering women mocked behind his back. His long, fair hair, neglected, grow into his eyes, that looked at one dully, with a film of suffering on them. No one noticed the growing madness because lie was so silent and gentle. 1 1 was only afterwards that Katty tore her hair and beat her breast, recalling little signs and tokens that she had never recognised for such terrible omen. The poor drowned body was buried, and tilings went on their dreary way at the farmhouse. At first one scarcely Knew if the father suffered, but gradually lie broke down, and once tho failure set in it went with wonderful rapidity, as is often the case with old people who lceep their strength and vigour long. He soon was only able to creep about his room with a pair of sticks, and then, after a little while, could not leave his bed. He did not die at the top, certainly. To the last his head kept its clearness. The man he had put in command could tell strange stories of his search ing questions. The master's mind still supervised the place, though bis eye was off it, and he had always in spired so great a fear that things were wonderfully well considering that he lay like a log. Before he died he opened his mouth to speak in bitter ness, in a half soliloquy, of the widowed cousin who had made a feck less love-match long ago, but who had four tall, brave, handsome sons to in herit the land he had left them despite his bitterness, and despite that he had kept them off' in a half-envious hatred during life. Of the dead boy, of the dead likewise he said nothing while conscious, but old Katty heard their names fall from his lips between the death-rattles. 'Poor Jemmie ; I didn't know, Mary !' he muttered, as if he were trying to extenuate his harshness to their boy. It was Tommy Hogan told me what happened at daybreak, justwhen the old farmer died. Tommy is a nut brown, wizened man, ocular, 'of a singular deliberateness of speech and belief in himself. He it was who told me how tho crows begin to build on the 1st of March, except it be Sunday, in which ease they postpone it till Monday morning. From hiin I got full details of ' a fairy blast' he had as a child; among ghosts and fairies he is quite at home, and his knowledge of their ways not to be dis puted. This morning of the old man's death he, with others, was milking my father's cows besides the boundary hedge of his farm. I can picture it, for I saw the dawn that morning — a luminous green dawn, widening and throbbing up the east, casting where it fell a ghostly green light, and leaving all else in blackest shadow. The hawthorn, that was thick this yeer as cotton-wool on a Christmas- tree, was ghastly in the cold light ; the hills were still wrapped in shrouds of mist, some tree in the hedgerow kept up a sharp tinkling like a field of barley ; a little shiver of wind was creeping along the earth moaning amid the seeding grasses that trembled as it passed. The first birds were peering out, with an inquiring twitter. Tho cows were folded in a corner by an old house built on a fairy path, and of which I could tell another story, an' I would. Tho men wore milking, not saying much, each with his head buried in the cow's side, and the air full of a cheerful sound of the milk spirting in the pails. They all knew the life of the old man at the house yonder among the trees was running out to its last sands. Suddenly there caine a noise, strange and terrible, like a thunderclap out of a thundercloud, as Tommy described it to me, and a cloud swept by them out of which bel lowed a howling wind, blood- curdling aud horrible. The men fell on their faces in its path ; the cattle broke away madly, and were afterwards found many fields distant. . Then, as! the noise died, in distance^ all things .again, -were, v sweet .and .peaceful., .;It; / *?- ? . . ' Iv:.-.'-' ' was Tommy who — when the scare was over, in the warm, golden dawn — explained the thing. ' It was ould Mick,' lie said, ' ridin' in that whirl wind. He couldn't go without biddin' good-bye to the, land his heart was, in. He was ridfii1 the boundaries pf all his farni/before layin' tins World:'. Sure enough' it .was ^ust at the hour old Mick Crowley' drew ..his last breath. And henceforth to 'the men who had shared with him this terrify ing experience, Tommy will be more than ever a seer and an oracle. 