IN THE DAYS OF THE MUTINY. A. MILITARY NOYEL By G. A. HENTY, Author of 'The Curse of Carnes Hold,'. 'A Hidden Foe,' &&- (Published by special arrangement with the author. Ill rights rtsemd ] ChapteeXIIL The doctor had just sat down to dinner when Bathurafc came in ; the two subalterns were dining with him. - ? ..'-,;?.?? . ''That'sgood, Bathuret.' the doctor paid as he jentered. ' Boy, put a chair for Mr. Bathnrefc. ? I had' begun to think that you had deserted me as -well as everybody else.' ' I was not thinking -of dining;' Bathurst said as he sat down, but l will do so with jjTjS^asute, though I told my man I -should be -back in half an hour,' and as the servant 'left the room he added, VI have- much to say, doctor; get through dinner as quick as you can and .get the servants out of the tent.' The conversation was at once turned by the doctor upon shooting and hunting', and no -allusion was made to passing events until coffee was was pat on the table and the servant re . tired. : The talk which had been lively during dinner then ceased. 'Well, Bathuret,' the doctor asked, 'I suppose you have something- serious to tell me.' ; \ ' Very serious, doctor,' and he repeated the news he had given the major. - . ' It could not ^be worse, Bathurst,' the doctor said quietly after the first. shock of the ' news had passed. 'You know. I never had any faith in the Sepoys since I sa$r how this madness was spreadinK from station to station. This sort of thing is contagious. It becomes a Eort of epidemic, and in spite of this assurances of tbe men I felt sure they would' go. But this -scoundrel of Bithoor turning 'against us is more than I bargained for. There is no disguising the fact that it means a general rising through Oude, and in that case Godahelp the women and children. As for U3 it all comes in the line of business. What does the major' say?' . ^ . - ' The only question that seemed to him to be open was whether the women and children could be got away.' '? Bat there does not eeem any possible place for them to go to. Oae or two might travel down the country in disguise, but : that is out of tbe question for a large party. .There is no refuge nearer than Allahabad. With every man's hand against them I see not the slightest chance of a party making their way. down.' 11 You or I mightdo it easily enough, doctor, but for women it seems to me out of the ques tion; still, that is a matter for each married man to decide for himself. The prospect) is dark enough anyway, but as before, it seems to me that everything really depends upon the Zemindars. If we hold tbe eourthoute it is possible the Sepoys may be beaten off in their first attack, and in their impatience to join the mutineers, who are all apparently marching for Delhi, they may go oS without throwing away their lives by attacking us, for I don't think they, would be able to take the place . without cannon ; but if the Ztmindars join them with cannon we may defend ourselves till the la?t, but there can be but one end to it.' The doctor nodded. *' That is the . situation exactly, Bathurst.' 'I am glad we know the danger and shall be able to face id openly,' Wilson said. 'For the last month Richards and I have been keeping watch alternately and it, has been beastly funkey work sitting there with one's pistols on the table before one, listening, and knowing every moment there 3nigh* be a yell and these brown devils come potrahgin. Now, at least, we are likely to have alight for it and to know that aome of them wQIgo4own before we do.' ;-? ff;..; Richards cordially agreed with his com panion. ' Well, now, what are the orders, Bathurst?' said the doctor.. . . ?'There, are no orders as yet, doctor. The majoc BaTJB-wilify^w go round to the others, Doolao, Klnto-ul, and-Eorster, and tell them 1 I; am to go round to Hunter and the other civilians.. .-. Then- this evening we are to meet afe 9 '(^-;Tpck, as,;u8ual, at the major's. If the others decide ttiat the only plan is for all to stop here and fight it out there will be no occasion for anything like a council ; it will only have to be arranged at what time we all move into the fort and the best means for keeping the news from spreading to the Sepoys. Not that it will make much difference after they have once fairly, turned in. If there is one thing a Hindoo hates more than another it is getting from under bis blankets when he has once got himself warm at night. Even if they heard at one or two o'clock in the morning that we were moving into the fort I don't think they would turn out until morning.' 'No, I am sure they would not,' the doctor agreed. ' If there were a few more of us,' Eichards eaid, ' I should vote for our beginning it. If we were to fall suddenly upon them we might kill a lot and scare the rest off.' ' We are too few for that,' the doctor said. 'Besides, although Bathurst answers for the good faith of the sender of the warning there has as yet been no acb of mutiny that would justify onr taking such a step as that. It would come to the same thing. We might kill a good many, but in the loDg lun three hun dred men would be more than a match for a dozen and then the women would be at their mercy. Well, we had better be moving or we shall not have time to go round to the bunga lows before the people set out for the major's.' It was a painful mission that Bathurst had to perform, for he had to tell those he called upon that almost certain death was at hand, but the news was everywhere received calmly. The strain had of late been so great that the news that the crisis was at hand was almost wel come. He did not stay long anywhere, but after setting an alternative before them left husband aud wife to discuss whether to try to make down to Allahabad or to take refuge in the fort. Soon after nine o'clock all were at Major Hannay's. There were pale faces among them, but no stranger would have supposed that the whole party had just received news which was virtually a death warrant. The ladies talked together as usual, while the men moved in and out of the room, sometimes talk ing with the major, sometimes sitting down for a few minutes in the verandah outeide, or talk Ing there in low tones together. The major moved about among them and soon learned that all bad resolved to stay and . meet whatever camo together, preferring that to the hardships and unknown dangers of flight. 'I am glad you have all decided so,' he raid quietly. ' In the state tbe country is the chances of getting to Allahabad are next to nothing. Here we may hold out till Lawrence restores order at Lucknow, and then be may be able to send a party to bring us in, or the mutineers may draw oS and march to Delhi. I certainly think the. chances are best here; besides, every rifle we have is of im portance, and though if any of yon had made up your minds to try arid -escape I should have made no objection, I am glad that we shall all stand together here.' , .,;: .;./=. . The arrangements were ibenjjriefly made for the removal to the cburt-hous-ei All were to go back and apparently to retire to bed as usuaL At twelve o'clock the men, armed, were to call up their servants,, joad. them up with eucb. things as were most required and proceed with them, the women and children, at once to the court-house. Half tbe men wers lo re main there on guard while the others would continue with the servants to make joumejs backwards and forwards to the bungalows, bringing in as much as could be carried, the guard to be changed every hour. In the morn ing the servants were all to have the choice* given them of remaining with their masters or ? leaving. Captain lorster was tbe only dissentient. Ho was in favor of the whole party mount ing, placing the woman and children in carriages, and making their way in a body, fighting their way if necessary down to Allahabad. He admitted that in addition to the hundred troopers of his own squadron they might be cut of! by the mutinous cavalry from Cawnpore, fall in with bodies of rebels or be attacked by villager?, but he maintained that there was at least some chance of cutting their way through, while once shut up in the courthouse escape would be well nigh impossible. ' But you all along agreed to our holding the court-house, 'Forster,' the major said. ' Yes, but then I reckoned upon Cawnpore holding out with the assistance of Nana Sahid, and upon the country remaining quiet. Now the whole thing is changed. I am quite ready to fight in the open and to take my chance of being killed there,* but I. protest against being shut up like; a rat in a hole.' To the rest, however, the proposal appeared desperate. There wpuld be no withstanding a single charge of the well- trained troopers, ? especially as it would be ^necessary to guard the vehicles. Had it not. been for. that the -smajly body of men might possibly have cut their way through the cavalry, but even then they would be' so hotly pursued tbat the most of them would assuredly be. hunted down. But encumbered by ' the women such an enterprise seemed utterly hopeless, aud the whole of the others were unanimously against it. The party broke up very early. The strain of maintaining their ordinary demeanor was too great to be long endured, and the ladies with children were anxious to return as soon as possible to them lest at the last moment the Sepoys should have made some change in their arrangements. By ten o'clock the whole party had left. The two subalterns had no preparations to make, they had already sent most of their things into the hospital, and lighting their pipes iney sat aown ana sained quietly till midnight, then placing their pistols in their belts and wrapping themselves in their cloaks they went into the doctor's tent, which was next to. theirs. The doctor at once roused his servant, who was sleeping in a sheltered tent pitched by the side of his. The man came in looking sur prised at being called, ' Roshun,' the doctor said, 'you have been with me 10 jeaxs and I believe you to be faithful.' 'I would lay down my life for the sahib,' the man said quietly. ' You have heard nothing of any trouble with the Sepoys ?' 'No, sahib, they know that Eoshun is faith ful to bis master.' ' We have news that they are going to rise in the morning and kill all Europeans, so we are going to move at once into the hospital.' \- 'Good, sahib; what will you take with you?' ? -- . . ' My books and papers have all gone in,' the doctor said, ''that portmanteau may as well go. I will carry' these two rifles myself, the ammunition is aUjthere. except that bag in the corner, which I 'will' sling round my shoulder.' ,; ' ' - VWhat are in those jtwo cases, doctor?' Wilson asked. : ? -'- D' 'Brandy, lad.' T ~5 ? ^ ' We may as well-carry1 pne'.bf those apiece, doctor, if your boy takes the portmanteau. It would be a pity to leave. lgpbd. liquor to be wasted by those brutes.' '?; ' ' ' 'I agree with you, Wilson ; besides, tbe lees liquor they get hold of the better for us. Now, if you are all ready; we will start, but we must move quietly or, -the sentry at' the quarter guard may hear ns.' . ; ? ? Ten minutes later they reached the hospital, being the last of: the'party to arrive there. 'Now, major,' the doctor 'said cheerily as saon as he entered, 'as this place is supposed to be under my special, charge I will take com- k~ mand for the present Wilson' and Richards will act as my lieutenants. We have nothing to do outside and can devote ourselves to get ting thinro a little straight hero. The first thing to do is to light lamps in all the lower rooms ; then we can see what we are doing and the ladies will be able to give ua their help while the men go out with the servants to bring things in, and remember the first thing to do is to bring in the horses. They may be ~ useful to its. There is a good store of forage piled in the corner of the yard, bnt the Bycea had best brivg in as much more as they can carry. Now,- ladies, if you will all bring your bundles inside the bouse' we will set about -arranging thing?, and at any rate gen the children into bed as quickly as possible. As it had been already settled as to the room3 to be occupied the ladies and their ayahs Bet to work at once, glad to have some thing to employ them; One of the rooms which had been fitted up with beds had been devoted to the purposes of a nursery and the children, most of whom were still asleep, were eoon settled there. Two other rooms bad been fitted up for the use of tbe ladies, while the men were to occupy two others, the court room being turned in a general meeting and dining-room. At first .there was not much to do, but as the servant?, closely watched by the masters, went) backwards and forwards bringing in goods of all kinds, there was plenty of employ ment in carrying them down to a large under ground room, where they were left to be sorted later on. The doctor had 'appointed Isobel Hannay and the two Miss Hunters to tbe work of light ing a fire and getting boiling water ready and a plentiful supply of coffee was presently made. Wilson and Richards drawing the water, carrying tbe heavitr loads downstairs, and making themselves generally usefuL Captain Forster had noti come in. He had undertaken to remain in his tent in the lines, where he had quietly saddled and nnpicketed his hor^e, tying it up to the tent ropes so that he could mount in an instant. He still be lieved that his own men would stand firm and declared he would at their head charge the mutinous infantry, while if they joined the mutineers lie would ride into the fort. Ib was also arranged that he should bring in word should the Sepoys obtain news of what was gointj on and nee before morning. All felt better and more cheerful after having taken some coffee. - .'It ia difficult to believe, Miss Hannay,' Richards said, ' that this is all real and not a sort of-jpuanio or aa early atari) oh a hunting expedition.' ' 16 is, indeed, Mr. Richard?. I can hardly believe even now tbat it is all true and have pinched myself two or three times to make sure that I am awake.' ? ? ' If the villains venture to attack us,' Wilson said, ' I feel sure we shall beat them off hand somely.' 'I have no doubb we shall, Mr. Wilson, especially as it will be ia daylight You know you and Mr. Richards are not famous for night shooting.' The young men both laughed. ' We shall never hear the last of that tiger story, Miss Hannay. I can tell you it is no joke shooting when you have been sitting cramped up on a tree for about six hours. We are really both pretty good shots. Of course I dont mean like tbe doctor, but we always make good scores with the targets. Come, Pachards, here is another lot of things ; if they go on at thiB rate the Sepoys won't find much to loob in the bungalows to-morrow.' Just as daylight was breaking the servants were all called together and given the choice of staying or leaving. Only 6ome eigh t or ten, all of whom belonged to the neighborhood, chose to go off to their villages. The rest declared they would stay with their masters. Two of the party by tarns had been on watch ? 11 night on the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult in the lines, but all had gone on quietly. Bathurst had been working with the others all night, and after seeing that all his papers were carried to the court-house be had troubled but little about hia own belong ings, but had assisted the others in bringing in their goods. At daj light the major and his officers mounted and rode quietly down towards the parade ground. Bit hursts and Mr. Hunter, with several of the servants, tcok their places at the gates in readiness to open and close them quickly, while the doctor and the other Europeans went up to the roof, where they loaded and placed in readiness six guns each from the store in the court house. Liobel Hannay and the wives of the two captains were too anxioua to remain below and went up to the roof a'eo. The doctor took his place by them, examining the lines with a fieldglass. The officers hilted when they reached the parade. ground and sat on their horses in a group, waiting for the men to turn out as usual. 'There goes the assembly,' the doctor eaid, as the notes of the bugle came to their ears. 'Tht-y even are turning out of their tents. There, I can make out Forster, he has just mounsed, a plucky fellow that' Instead of straggling out on to the parade ground as usual the Sepoys seemed to hang about their tents. The cavalry mounted and formed up in their lines. Suddenly a gun was fired, and as if ad the signal the whole of the infantry rushed forward towards the officers, yelling and firing ; and the latter at once turned their horses and rode towards the court house. ''Don't be alarmed, my dear,' the doctor eaid to Isobel. ' I don't suppose anyone is hie. TbeSepojs are not shots 'at the best of times, and tiring running they would net be able to bit a haystack at a hundred yards. The cavalry stand firm you see,' he said, turning h-8 glass in thao direction. -% Forster is haranguing them. There, three of the native officers are riding up to him. Ah ! One has fired at him. 'Miteed ! Ah ! That is a better shot,' as the man fell from his horse, from a shot from his captain's pistol. The other two rushed at him. One he cut down and tbe other be ehot. Then he could be seen again, shouting and waving his sword to the men, but their yells could ba heard as they rede forward at him. '?Ride, man, ride,' the doctor shouted, al though his voice could not have been heard at a quarter of the distance. But instead of turning Forster rode right at them. There was a confused melee for a moment, and tben his figure appeared beyond the line, through which he had broken. With yells of fury the troopers reined in their horses and tried to turn them, but before they could do so the officer was upon them again. His revolver cracked in his lefs band and his eword flashed in his light. Two or three horses and men were seen to roll over, and in a moment he was through them again and riding at full speed for the court-house under a scattered fire from the infantry, .-while the horsemtn, now in a confused mass, galloped behind him. . ' Now then,' the doctor shouted, picking up his rifle ; 'let them know we are within range, but mind you don't hit Forster. Fire two or three shots and then run down to the gate. He is well mounted and has a good fifty yards start of them.' Then taking deliberate aim he fired. The others followed his example. Three of the troopers dropped from their horses. Three time those on the terrace fired and then ran down, each at the doctor's order taking two gucs with him. One of these was placed in the hands of each of the officers who had just ridden in, and they then gathered round the gate. In two minutes Forster rode in at full speed, then fifteen muskets flashed out and several of the pursuers fell from their horses. A minute later tbe gate was closed and bai red and the men all ran up to the roof from which their muskets were fired simultaneously. ' Well done,' the doctor exclaimed. ' ' That is a good beginning.' A minute later a brisk fire was opened from the terrace upon the cavalry, who at once turned and rode rapidly back to their lines. Captain Forster had not come scatheless through the fray, his cheek had been laid open by a sabre cut and a musket ball had gone through the fleshy part of hia arm as he rode back. 'This comf8 of fighting when there is no occasion,' the doctor growled when he dressed bis wounds. 'Here you are charging a host like a paladin of old, forgetful that we want every man who can lift an arm in defence of this place.' . ? ? '1 think, doctor, there is someone else wanta your service? more than I do.' ' Yea ;^is anyone else hit?' 'No, I don't know that anyone else is hit, doctor, but as I turned to come into the house after the gates were shut there was that fellow Bathurat leaning against the wall as white as a eheet and shaking all over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch courage would be the best medicine thaie.' ' Yen do not do justice to Bathurst, Captain Forster,' the doctor said gravely. 'He is a man I esteem most highly. In some respects he is the bravest man I know, but he is consti tutionally unable to stand noise and the sound of a gun is torture to him. It is an unfor tunate idiosyncracy for which he is in no way accountable.' 'Exceedingly unfortunate I should say,' Forster said with a dry laugh. ' Especially at times like this. It is rather unlucky for him that fighting is generally accompanied by noiee. If I had such sn idiosyncracy, as yon call it, I would blow out my brains.' ' Perhap3 Bathurst would do so too. Captain Forster, if he had not more brains to blow out than some people bava ' 'That is sharp, doctor,' Forster laughed good- temperedly. ' I don't mind a fair hit.' 'Well, I must go,' the doctor said some what mollified, ' there is plenty to do, and I expect, after these fellows have held a council of war, they will be trying an attaok.' When the doctor went out he found the whole of tbe garrison bnsy. The major had placed four men on tbe roof and bad ordered everyone else to fill the bags that had been prepared for the purpose with' earth fromthe garden. It was ou'y an order to the men and male servants, but the ladies had all gone out to render their assistance. -As fast as the natives filled the Jjags with .earth the ladies sewed up the mouths of the b&gsTtaid; t*he'men carn'sd them away and piled them agajnst $he gate. ..': The gifison consisted ortjiel'six'i'military officer^, 'the dbctoifl'-Beveri' diviliahp, ten ladies, eight children, thirty-eight male servants, and six females. The work, therefore, went on rapidly, and in the course of two hours eo large a pile of bags wa3 built up against the gate that there was no probability whatever of its being forced. 'Now,' the major said, 'we want four dozen bags at least for the parapet of tbe terrace. We need not raise it ail, but we must 'build up a breastwork two bags high at each of the angle?.' There was only just time to accomplish this when one of the watch on the roof- reported that the Sepoys were firing the bungalows. Ai&soon; as they saw that the Europeans had gained the shelter of the court-house the Sepoys, with yells of triumph, bad made for the houses of the Europeans, and their disap pointment at finding that not only had all the whites taken refuge in the court-bouse, but that they had removed most of their property, vented itself in setting fire to the buildings after stripping them of everything and then amused themselves by keeping up a streggling fire against the court-house. As soon as the bags were taken on to the roof the defenders, keeping under the shelter of tbe two parapets, carried them to the corners of the terrace and piled them two deep on the parapet, these forming a breastwork four feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen and two of them took post at each corner. 'Now,' the doctor said cheerfully, as he sat behind a small loophole that bad been left between the bag?, it is our turn and I don't fancy we shall- waste as much lead as you have been doing.' Tbe fire from the defenders was slow, but it was deadly, and in a very short time the SepoyB no longer dared to show themselves in Che open, but took refuge behind trees, whence they endeavored to reply to the fire on the roof, but even this proved so dangerous that it was not long before the fire ceased altogether and they drew oS under cover of the smoke from the burning bungalows. Isobel Hannay had met Bathurst as he was carrying a sack of earth to the roof . ' I hare been wanting to speak to you, Mr, Bathurst, eve? since yesterday evening, baft you have never given me an opportunity. Will you step into the store-room for a few minutes as you come down ?' ? 1 As he came down he went to the door of the room in which -Isobel was standing awaiting him. 'I am not coming in, Miss Hannay. 1 believe I know what you are going to say. X saw it in your face last night when I had to tell that tiger story. You wanb to say that you j are sorry you said that you despised cowards* 1 Do not say it ; you were perfectly right ; you cannot despise me one-tentb_as much as I de spise myself. While you were looking at the mutineers from the roof I was leaning against the wall below well-nigh fainting. What do you think my feelings must be that here, where every man is brave, where there are women and children to be defended, I alone oannott bear my part. Look at my face, I know there is not a vestige of color in it; look at my; hands, they are nob steady yet. It is useless! '? for you to speak; yon may pity me, bub ypa cannot but despise me. Believe me, that death ? when it comes will be to me a happy releasa . indeed from the shame and misery I feeL' « Then, turning, he left the girl without another word and went about his work. The ' doctor had, just before going up to take hiH place on the roof, come aeioss him. ? ' Come in here, my dear Bathurst,' he said, ! seizing his arm and dragging him into the! room which had been given up to him for his \ drugs and surgical appliances 'let me give you a strong dose of ammonia and ginger ; yon want a pick-up I can see by your face.' ' I want it, doctor, but I will not take it,'' Bathurst said. 'That is one thing I hava made np my mind to. I will take no spirits to create a courage that I do not possess.' 'It is not courage ; it has nothing to do with courage,' the doctor said angrily. 'It is a simple question of nerves, as 1 have told you over and over again.' ' Call it what you like, doctor, the result is precisely the same. I do not mind taking a strong dose of quinine if you will give it me, - for I feel as weak as a child, but no spirits.' With an impatient shrug of the shoulders the doctor ruixed a strong dose of quinine and gave it to him. An hour later a sudden outburst of musketry took place. Not a native showed himself on the side of the house facing the maidan, but) from, the gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire wa3 opened. ' Every man to the roof,' the major said, ' four men to each of tbe rear corners, three to the others. Do you think you are fit to fire, ; Forster? Had you not better keep quiet for to-day ; you will have opportunities enough.' 'lam all right, major,' he said carelessly. ' I can put my rifle through a loophole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. - By Jove ! ' he broke off suddenly, 'look at that) fellow Bathorst, he looks like a ghost.' The roll of musketry was unabated and llio defenders were already beginning to answer it, the bullets sung thickly overhead, and abovo th« din could be heard the shouts of tho natives. Bathurst's face was rigid and ghastly pale. The major hurried to him. ' My dear Bathurst,' he said, ' I think yon bad better go below. You will find-plenty of work to do there.' ''My work is here,' Bathurst said, as if speaking to himself, 'it must be done.' The major could not at the moment pay further attention to him, for a roar of fire broke out round the enclosure as from the ruined bungalows and every bnsh at the Sepoys who had crept up now commenced the attaok in earnest, while the defendeis lying behind the parapet replied slowly and steadily, aiming aft the; puffs of smoke as they darted but. His attention was suddenly called by a shout from the doctor. ' Are you mad, Bathurst ! Lie down, man, yon aie throwing away your life.' Turning round the major saw Bathurst standing upright; by the parapet, facing the point where the enemy's fire was hottest. Ho held a rifle in his hand, but did not attempt to fire ; his figure swayed slightly to and frp. 'Lie down,' the major shouted. 'Lie down, sir,' and then as Bathurat still stood unmoved he was about to rush forward when' tbe doctor from one side and Captain Forster from the other rushed towards Bathuisfe through a storm of bullets, seized him in their arms, and dragged him back to the centre of the terrace. 'Nobly done, gentlemen,' the major said as they laid Bathurst down, '-it was almoat miraculous your not being hit1.' Batburct bad struggled fiercely for a moment, and then his resistance had suddenly ceased, and he had been dragged back like a wooden figure. His eyes were closed now. ' Has be been hit, doctor?' the major asked. 'It seems impossible he can have escaped.' What madness possessed him to put himself there as a target ?' ' No, I don't- think he ia hit,' the doctor Eaid as he examined him. ' I think he haa fainted. We had bettor carry him down to my room. Shake hands, Forster, I know you and Bathurat were nob good friends and you risked your life to save him.' ' 1 did not think who it was,' Forster said, with a careless laugh. ' I saw a man behaving like a madman and naturally went to . pull hip down. However, I shall think better of him in future, though I doubt whebher he was in hia right senses.' ' He wanted to be killed,' the doctor said qu'etly, 'and the effort that he made to place himself in the way of death must have been greater than either you or I can well under stand, Forster. I know the circumstances of1 his case. Morally I believe there is no braver' man living than he is ; physically he has tho constitution of a timid woman ; it is mind against) body.' « 'The distinction is too fine for me, doc tor,' Forster said, as he turned to go off to his post by the parapet. 'I understand pluck and I understand cowardice, but this mysterious mixture you speak of is beyond me altogether.' The major and Doctor Wade lifted BathursB and carried him below. Mrs. Hunter, who had been appointed chief nurse, met them. *? Is he badly wounded, doctor f ' 'No ; he is not wounded at all, Mrs. Hunter. He stood up at the edge of the parapet and exposed himself eo rashly to the Sepoys' fira that we had to drag him away, and then the reaction, acting on a nervous temperament! was too much for him and he fainted. We shall soon bring him round. You can oome in with me, hut keep the others away.' The major at once returned to the terrace. In spite of the restoratives the doctor poured through his lipa and cold water dashed in his face Bathurst was eome time before he opened bis eyes. Seeing Mrs. Hunter and the doctor beside him he made an effort to rise. ' You must lie still, Bathurst,' the doctor said, pressing his hand on his shoulder. *' You have done a very foolish thing, a very wrong* thing. You have tried to throw away your life.' ' No, I did not I had no thought of throw ing away my life,' Bathuret said, after a pause, ! ' 'I was trying to make myself stand fire. I' ' ' did not think whether I should ba hit or not. I am not afraid of bullets, doctor ; it's the horrible, fiendish noise that I cannot stand.' ' I know, my boy,' the doctor eaid kindly, ' but it comes to the same thing. You did pud yourself in the way of bullets when your doing bo was of no possible advantage, and it is almost a miracle that you escaped unhurt.' You must remain here quiet for the present. £ shall leave you in charge of Mrs. Hunter, There is nothing for yon to do on the roof at present. This attack is a mere outbreak of rage on the part of the Sepoys that we have all escaped them. They know well enough they can't take this house by merely firing away aft the roof. When they attack in earnest it will be quite time for you to take part in the affair again. Now, Mrs. Hunter, my orders are ah solute that he is not to be allowed to get op.'-1 ' On the doctor, leaving .the room he found several of the ladies outside, the news tbati Mr. Bathurst had been carried down had spread among them. ?--.. -.. : '-. -.??. : - 'Is he badly hurt, doctor?'' '- ??'; o? 'No, ladies. Me Bathuret is, unfortunately for himself, an extremely nervous man, and ? the noiee of firearms have an effect upon him. that he cannot by any effort of hia own 6ver» come. In order, as he says, to try and accus tom himself to it he went and stood at the edge of the parapet) in full sight of the Sepoys and let them blaze away at him. He must) have been killed if Forster and I had nob dragged him away by main force. Then came ' the natural reaction and he fainted- That ia all there ia about it. Poor fellow, he is ex tremely sensitive on the ground of personal courage. In other respects I have known him do things requiring an amount of pluck that not one man in a hundred possess, and I wish you all to remember that bis nervousness ab the effect) of the noise of firearms is a purely constitutional weakness, for which he is no way to be blamed. He has just risked his life in the most reckless manner in order to overcome what he considers, and what he knows that some persona consider, is cowardice, and it would be as cruel and, I may say as contemptible, to despise him for a constitutional failing as it would be to despise a person for being born a humpback or a cripple. But I cannot stand talking any longer. I shall be more useful on tbe roof than I am here.' Isobel Hannay was not among those who had gathered near the door of the room in whioh Bathuret was lying, bnt the doctor had raised his voice and she heard what he eaid, and bent over her work of sewing strips of linen together for bandages with a paler faoe than had been caused by tbe outbreak of musketry. ? * ' Gradually the firing ceased, the Sepoys had suffered heavily from the steady fire of the in visible defenders and gradually drew off, and in an hour from the commencement of the attaok all was silent round the building. 'So far so good,' the major said cheerily as the garrison, leaving one roan on watoh, de scended from the roof. ' We have had no; casualties and I think we muab have mflioteda good many, and the mutineers are not likely to try that game on again, for they must see that they are wasting ammunition and are not likely to frighten us. Now I hope the ser- . . vants have tiffen ready for us, for I am sm- we bare all excellent appetites,' , At ? ?' oncv ** Tiffen is quite ready, major,1' Airs. Doolan, who had been appointed chief of the commis cariabdepartmenVsaid cheerfully. ''The ser- vants were a; little disorganised when the firing began, but Abey eoon became accustomed to it, and 1 think you will find everything in order intbe.haU.-' The meal was really a cheerful one, the fact that the first attack had passed over without anyone being hit raised the spirits of the women, and- »U. were- disposed to took at matters -in. a cheerful light. The two young subalterns were in high spirits and the party were moeelively than they had been sioee the first outbreak of the mutiny. All. had felt ? severely the strain of waiting and the reality of danger was a positive relief after the con tinuous suspense. It was much to. them to know-that the crisis had come at lis*, that ? they were still all together and the foe were without. ..,..,?».. ' Itia difficult to believe,' Sir. Doolan said, *' that* it was only yesterday evening -we were all gathered- at the inajor'a. It seems an age since then.'' ?' Yeey. indeed,*5 Mrs. Rietonl agreed $ 'the night .-seemed endless. The worst time was the waiting till we were to begin to move over. ..After that I did not so much mind, though' it seemed more -like ?&. week than, a night' -while the things were being brought in here.' ' ** I think the worst time was while we were waiting watching from the roof to see whether the troops would comejout on parade as usual,' Isobel eaid. ' When once uncle and the others were all-in and Capbain Forster and the gates were «hnt it eeemed that oar anxieties were over.' ' That was a mad charge of yours, Forster, the major said. 'It was like the Balaclava business, magnificent, bus it wasn't war.' - ' I did not think of it one way. ortheother,' Captain Forster laughed. 'I was eo furious at the insolence of those dogs attacking- me that I thought oE nothing else, and just went at them, but of course it was foolish.' 'It did good,3' the doctor said. 'Itshowed the Sepoys how little we thought of them and how a single white officer was ready _ to match bixnself against a squadron. It will render them* good deal more careful in their attack . than ithey otherwise would have been. It 'brought them under cur fire, too, and they suffered pretty heavi'y, and I am sure the In fantry must have lost a good many men from our fire just mow. I hope they will come to the conclusion that the best thing they can do is to inarch away to Delhi and leave us severely alone. Now what are your orders, major, for alter breakfast?9 ' I .think the best thing is for everyone to he down ior a few hours,' the .major said. ' No one had a wink of sleep last night,- and most of us have not slept much for some nights past. We must always keep two men on the roof to be relieve every two hours. . I will draw up a regular rota for duty, but exeept those two the rest had better take good sleep. We may be all called upon to be under arms at night.' 'I will go on the first relief, m%jor,' the doctor said. ** I feel particularly wide-awake. It is nothing new to me to be up aU night, Put .Bathurst down with me,' he said in a low tone as the major rose from the table. *' He knows that I understand him, and it will be less paintol for him to be with -me than with anyone else. I will go up at onceandsend young Harpor down to his breakfast. There will be no occasion to have Bathurstup this time. The Sepoys are not likely to be trying any pranks at present. No doubt they have gone back to their lines to get a meat' The doctor had not been long at his post when Jsobel Hannay came upon to the terrace. They had seen each other alone comparatively littleof late, as the doctor had given up his habit of -dropping §n for a chat in the morn ing since the conversation about Bathurst. 'Well, my dear, what ia it?' he asked. 'This is no place for you, for there are a few fellows still lurking among the trees, and they eend a shot over the house occasionally/' ' I came up to say that I am sorry, doctor.35 'That is right, Isobel. Always say you are eony when you are so, althongfrinznne cases out. of : tear ggd this is one of them, the ?easing eo is boo late to doTEueh good.3' ?']t think you are. rather hard upon me, fiootoi. I know yon were -speaking at me to-day when you were talking to the others, especially in what you said at the end.3' ' Perhaps 1 was, but 1 think you quite de served it.1' ** Yes, I know 1 «!id, but it was hard to tell me it. K-as as contemptible to despise a man for a physical weakness he could not help as to despise, one for being born hump- backed or a cripple, when you know that my brother was eo.' ' I wanted you to feel that your conduct had teen contemptible, Isobel, and I put it in tee way. that was most likely; to come home to you. ; I have been disappointed in you. I' thought you were more sensible than.. the run of young «omec, and I -found out that you were not. 1 thought you had some confidence in my judgment, but it turned out that you bad nob .If Bathurst had been killed when be was standing up, a tirget for the Sepoys, I should have held you morally responsible for his death.3.' ' You would have shared the responsibility anyhow, doctor, for it was you who repeated my words to him.33 f We wi!l not go over that ground again,3' said the doctor quietly. 'I gave you my reasons for doing so, and those reasons are to my mind convincing. Now I will tell you how thiB constitutional nervousness on hid part arose. He told me the story, bat as at that time there had been no occasion for him to show whether he was brave or otherwise I considered my lips sealed. - Now that this | weakness has been exhibited I consider myself J more than justified in explaining its origin.33 And he then repeated the story Bathurtst had teldhim. 'You see,' he said when he had finished, 'it is a constitutional matter beyond his con trol, it is a sort of antipathy. I have known a case of a woman courageous in all other respects who at the sight of even a dead cock roach would faint dead away ; one of the moit gallant officers of my acquaintance would turn pale at the sight of a spider. Certainly no one -would have tbought of calling either one or the other cowards, and certainly euch a name ehouldziot be applied to a man who would face a tiger armed only with a whip in de ence of a native woman, because his nerves go. all to pieces at the sound of firearms.' ' If you had told me all this before I should never have spoken as I did,33 Isobel pleaded. ' I did not go into the full details, but I told you that he was not responsible for . his want of firmness under fire and that I know him in other respects to be a brave man,' the doctor eaid uncompromisingly. 'Since then you have by your manner driven him away from you.. You have flirted, well, you may not call it Ifliriinp,' he broke off in answer to a gesture . of denial, ' but it was the same -thing, with a inan-who is undoubtedly a gallant soldier — a ?very paladin if you like — but who in spite of bis handsome face and pleasant manner is no more to be compared with Bathuret in point ci . moral qualities or mental ability than fight co dark, and this after I had like an old fool gone out pf my way to warn you. You have dis appointed me altogether Isobel Hannay.3' Isobel stood motionless before him with downcast eyes. ' Well, there, my dear.' the doctor went on hurriedly as he saw a tear glisten in her eye lashes, 'don't let us say anything more about it. In the first place.it is no affair of mine, and in the second place your point of view -was that most women would take at a tune like this, only, yon know, I expected you would not have done just as other women would. We cannot afford to quarrel now, for there is no doubt -that although we may put a good face on the master our position is one of grave peril and it is of no use troubling over crifks. Now run away and set a few- hours' sleep if you can. You will want all your Etrength before you are through with this business.' While the doctor had been talking to Isobel the men had gathered below in a sort of in formal council, the subject being Bathurat'e conduct on the roof. ' I would not have believed it if I had not seen it,' Captain Riutoul said. 'The man ?was absolutely helpless with fright. I never saw such an exhibition ; and then his fainting afterwards and having to be carried away was disgusting, inlfaet it is worse than thai.'3 There was a general murmur of assent. ' It is disgraceful,' one of the civilians said, 'I am ashamed that the man should belong to our service ; the idea of a fellow being helpless by fright when there are -women and children to be defended— it is downright revolting.33 'Well, he did go and stick himself up in front,' Wilson said, 'you should remember that. He may have been in a blue funk. I don't say he wasn't ; still, you know, he didn't go away and try to hide himself, but he stuck fciineelf up in front for them to fire at. I think we ought to take that into consideration.' ' Doctor Wade e»ys Bathurst put hitn eelf there to try and accustom himself to fire,' Captain Forster said ; ' mind, I don't pretend to like the man, we were at school together and he wasaeoward then and a sneak, bnt forall that one should look at it fairly. The doctor asserts that Bathurst is morally brave, but that eome howor other his nerves are too much for him. I don't pretend to understand it myself, but there is no doubt about the doctor's pluck and- 1- don t think. he would stand up for Bathurst as he does unless he really thought be was not altogether accountable for showing the white feather. I think, too, from what he let drop, that the major is to some extent of the same opinion. What do you think. Doolan ?» ^^ ?'I like Bathm-st,31 Captain Doolan eaid. 'I have always thought him a first rate fellow, but one can't eticik up, you know, for a fellow who can't behave as a gentleman ought to, especially when there are women and children in danger.' ' It is quite impossible that we should asso ciate with him,' Captain Rintoul said. 'I don't propose that we should tell him what we think of him, but I think we ought to leave him Severely alone.' 'Ijehoniaeay that he ought to be Bent to Coventry,' 'Richards said. 'I ghoald not pat if in that way,35 Mr. Hunter said gravely. ?? I have always esteemed Bathursb. I look upon it as a terribly ead case, bnt I agree with Captain -Rintoul that in the position in which we are now placed a man ? who proves rhimself to be a : coward must foe made to feel that he stands apart from us. I should not call it sending him to Coventry or anything of that sort, but I do think that we should express by our. manner that we don't ?wish to have any communication with him.' There was a-general expression of assent to this opinion, Wilson alone protesting against it, 'You can do as you like,33 he said, 'bnt certainly I shall speak to Bathurst, and I am sure the doctor and Major Haunay will do so. I don't want to stand up for a coward, but I believe what the doctor says. I have seen a good deal of Bathurst and I like him ; besides, haven't you heard the story the doctor has been telling about his attacking a tiger with a stick to save a native woman? _ I don't care what any one says, a fellow who is a downright coward couldn't do a thing like that33 ' Who told the doctor about it 2' Farquhar eon: asked. 'If he got it from Bathurst I don't think it: goes for much after what we have Been.' v Wilson would have replied angrily, but Cap tain Doolan put his hand on his shoulder. 'Shut up,. Wilson,'13 he said, 'this is no time for disputes, we are all in one beat here and must row together like brothers. You go \- your own way about Bathurst, I don't blame you for it ; he is a man everyone has liked, a first-rate official and a good fellow all round, except he is not one of the sociable kind. At any other time one would not think so much of this, but at present for a man to lack courage is for him to lack ?everything. I hope he will come better out of it than it looks at present. He will have plenty of chances here, and no one will be more glad than I shall to see him pull himself together.' The doctor, however, would have quarrelled with everyone all round when he heard what had been decided upon had not Major Hannay taken him aside and talked to him strongly. ' It will never do, doctor, to have quarrels here, and as commandant I must beg of you not to make this a personal matter. I am very sorry for this poor fellow. I accept entirely your view of the matter, but at the same time I really can't blame the others for looking at. it from a matter-of-fact point of view. Want of courage is at all times regarded by men as the most unpardonable of failings, and at a time like the present this feeling is naturally far stronger even than usual. I hope with you that Bathurst will retrieve himself yet, but we shall certainly do him no good by trying to fight his battle until he does. Yen and I, thinking as we do, will of course make no alteration in our manner towards him. I am glad to hear thai young Wilson .also stands as . his friend. Let . matters go on quietly. I believe they will come right in the end.' Bnt among the ladies the resolution to cut BithursS was not bo quietly acquiesced in. Bathurst's kindness to the children had always predisposed the mothers in his favor, and during the last month of anxiety they had come more than before to look upon him as a friend. They were perfectly ready- to accept the doctor's theory and the manner in which Bathurst had exposed himself to fire in their eyes°greatly condoned his- want of nerve. Mrs. . Doolan acd Mrs. Rintoul were his chief champions and the husbands of those ladies had an unpleasant time of it when they told them what had been decided on. 'I gave you credit for more.eense, Jem,' Mrs. Doolan eaid indignantly, 'and if you think that Lam going to agree with you men you are very mush mistaken. You are ready to associate with a men like Forster, who is a notorious ecamp, and you set youreelf up against Bathurst, who is worth a thousand of him. I am ashamed of you.' Isobel Hannay had turned pale when she heard the news, but had eaid nothing. (To tc continued. ) 