Hnmoroas> Uomparlsons. She glanced at the ring c-n her finger— A diamond which he had placed there— The stone shone as true As her fair eyes of blue, And the gold was a match to her hair. She smiled as she thought Its radiance brought, : And whispered in sweet "accents low, Oh, thank you, dear Fred j \- 'Tis lovely 1" she said; " Muck nicer than Tom gave, yon know." It Was Prohahly an Oversight.--Mra. Porcine has a very pronounced idea of ths proprieties of life. A few days ago, while at the races, Mr. Brown passsd them, but his polite bow met with only a frigid stare. " Why, mamma," exclaimed Miss Porcine, " you did not bow to Mr. Brown I" - « My dear," returned Mrs. Porcine, calmly, we cannot afford to recognize Mr. Brown any more. He has neglected to observe one of the proprieties of life." " Why, what do you mean, mamma? When he wentinto mourning I "thought he attended to everything." " No dear, be did not." The young lady was thoughtful a moment, and then asked,— " Isn't the blacfc border on his calling cards wide enough?" " Oh, yes, that's all right." : " You never saw - him without a black bordered handkerchief, did you ?" "No." " Is the band on the hat too narrow ? ! "No; that's wide enough." " Perhaps," suggested Mr. -Porcine, sarcastically. " he ought to wear a black border on his collar, or maybe there is a blue thread in his necktie." " " Mrs. Porcine did not deign to notice this remark, but said to her daughter,— " No; we cannot afford to notice him. The feet is, I saw one of his business cards yesterday, and it was plain white—not even • narrow border of black." " No ?" in surprise. " Indeed it's as I say." " How horrible!" Nine Things a Ba"by can do —It can beat any alarm clock ever invented in waking a family up in the morning. In a given time it can smash more dishes than the nio3t industrious servant girl in the country. It can fall down oftener and with less provocation than the most expert tuuiblei in the circus ring. It can make more.genuine fuss over a simple bmss pin'than its mother would over a broken back. It can.choke itself black in the face with greater case than the most accomplished wretch that ever was executed. It can keep a family in a constant turmoil from morning till night, and night till morning, without once varying its time. It can be relied on to sleep peacefully all day when it's fiather is in town, and cry persistently at night when he is particularly sleepy. It may be the naughtiest, dirtiest, ugliest, most fretful baby in all the whole world, but you never can make its mother believe'it, and you had better not try. _ It can be a charming :and .model infant when no one is about, but when visitors are present it can exhibit more bad temper than ; both of its parents put together. A Wife's Mistafce.—A laidy recently explored her lord's vest at about 4.30 ».m Greatly tb.her astonishment, it contained a £5 note, together with ? regulation suspender button and the customary night •fcey.- ' -' - "Aha," she said ;" he knowethj»otth»t his vest containeth a £5 note L because when he came home he^ tried to "lightTiis pipe with a cigar stump. I will take the money and gc shopping. 1 ' . She took the fiver and put half a sovereign and three shillings, back money that her lord might not be too sorely perplexed on counting his capital. And as she started - for her things to go down town her husband,; who had been slyly watching her with one eye, chuckled like a fiend as he hurried quickly into his clothes and started out after a cocktail. \- . , "Thirteen shillings," he soliloquized; " thirteen shillings. Why,Tm in luck, and the country's saved. Severe cases require severe remedies; but my. wife will be the maddest woman in town when she .finds she has given me thirteen shillings legal currency for a counterfeit £5 note." Making a Settlement.-- "YM. my friends told me they would settle the difficulty with. Jones for me, but I thought that I could settle it for myself." "And did you?" «' No ; I didn't, though I tried to." ' " Then it wasn't settled «• Yes, it was." , ««„ " Then your friends settled it, alter all; "No, they didn't." " Indeed! Then who settled it2™ "Jones did." "Satisfactorily?" "I suppose that it was, so far as Jon€» *M concerned." " Didn't you gain anything at . all by the settlement?" " Oh, yes *, I gained some experience. Why Editors Fall from Grace.—Gentle reader jyou sometimes wonder why newspaper men occasionally give , way to passion ? you think it strange that they should not alwaya be in the angelic mood in which you know them best. But if you were to write, " Her dainty feet were encased in satin slippers that might have served for Titania's fairy boots," and to find, upon reading the paper, that the compositor and proof-reader had entered into a horrible conspiracy, and transmuted your delicate rhetoric into," Her dirty feet were encased in satin slippers that might have served for Titanic ferry-boats," wouldn't your amiability bounce and flutter like a squib ? Zounds! the chances are that you'd break all the commandments, as Moses did, at once, and glare about for more. He's Tired of Camping Out —" No. I don't want any more fishing and camping out in mine," said a swarthy young man on "a Northwestern train. " I have just been trying it, and I have enough to last me a lifetime. My face tans easily, bat I didn t realise iow badly it had been baked until I had concluded to give up camping out and goto the hotels for the rest of the stay. "When dinner was ready I went with the rest of the guests, and, the head waiter being pretty busy, I found a seat for myself. Imagine my discomfiture when the head waiter came around a little later and tapped me on the shoulder, saying, loud enough for everybody inthe room to hear, " Begpahdon, sab. but cullud persons not 'lowed to eat at fust table in dis house." Thirteen at Tahle. — "None of my patrons ever order a dinner or lunch for thirteen," said a well known caterer. " Perhaps it is out of respect for the guests as it is very hard to seat a company of thirteen. There is always one who prefers to wait, and usually some member of the family retires. At a recent lunch party in one of our best families, a voung lady insisted upon eating at aside table rather than make a thirteener. She said she knew she would die before the year was out if she sat at the table." " Do educated people believe there is anything in this old superstition 1" " Perhaps not, but it makes them uncomfortable. I served a dinner last year where thirteen sat at table, and one of the gentlemen took down all the names with the date." " Have any of them died ?" " I haven't heard of it. But then tbe year isn't out yet." " Do you really believe that there is a fate in it yourself?" "N-o o, not exactly, but strange things do happen sometimes. A thirteen plate dinner never turns out well." Look out for the man who begins saying he is not a bit superEtitious. He is going to tell a ghost story that would make cold chills run up and down the backbone of winter. He Stayed Because He Was Gone.— Frther (at head of the stairs): Emily, isn't that young man gone yet ?" Yyung Spooner (answering): *' Yes, sir; ytB, sir, entirely ; quite gone—on your daughter, sir. But I'm afraid it snpgo hvith her, BU." 