REAL GHOST STORIES. ME, STEAD'S YARNS, " Real Ghost Stories ' is the title of the Christmas number of tho Review op Reviews. The collection includes several old-fashioned blood-curdlors ; but the six- pennyworth, as a whole, may be described as unique. Following are a few examples of Mr. Stead's sensations : — the clairvoyant and tnk murderer. Tho idea of using tho clairvoyant as a spiritual sleuth-hound to track down an un known murderer has always been a fagoinat- ing one. A Swedish doctor gives an account of a case in which everything in tho vision tallied with tho oaco afterwards got to gether against a particular man, who had a feud with the murdered man, but who got off with a sort of " not proven " verdict :— The clairvoyant Was hypnotised in my wife's presence and then ordered "to look for tho place where the murder had been committed and see the whole scene, follow the murderer in his flight, and describe him and his home and the motive for the murder." Miss Olson thou spoke as follows, in great agitation, sometimes using violent gesluras. I took notes of her exact words and reproduce tliuin hero fully : — " It is between two villages— I soo a road — in a wood — now it is coming— the glib— now lie is coming along, driving — the horse is afraid of tho stones— hold the horse 1 hold the horse 1 now 1 now lie is killing him— he was kneeling when ho fired — blood I blood 1 now lie is running in the wood — seize ium 1 —he is running in an opposite direction to the horse in many circuits— not on any foot paths. Ho wears a cap and grey clothos — light — lias long, coarse brown hair, which has not been out for a long time — grev-blue eyes— treacherous looks — great dark-brown beard— he is accustomed to work on tho land. I believe be has cut bis-right hand. He has a scar or a streak between his thumb and forefinger. He is suspicious and a coward. "Tho murderer's home is a red wooden house, standing a little way back from the road. On the ground-flooi is a room which leads into tho kitchen, and from that again into the passage. There is also a larger room which does not communicate with the kitchon. The church of Wissefjerda is situated obliquely to your right when you are standing in the passage. " His motive was enmity ; it seems as if he had bought- something — taken something — a paper. He went away from home at daybreak, and the murder was committed in the evening. "Miss Oisen was then awakened, and, like ail my subjects, she remembered per fectly what she had been Beeing, which had made a very profound impression on her." Everything tallied, as it turned out, down to the scar on the bond. Tho clairvoyant had never seen the mur derer in her life, and kuow nothing of the circumstances. WARNED IN VAIN. "Supernatural'' warnings aresomotimes on trivial subjects ; sometimes, while serious and even tragic, they seom powerless to avert tho danger against which they warn. Mr. Stead quotes a story from the accumulations of the S.P.R. whioh "is full of the tragic fascination whioh attaches to tho Btruggle of a brave man, repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling iu vain to avert the event which was to prove fatal, and ultimately perishing within the sight of those to whom ho had revealed tho vision." Tho story in brief is as fol lows : — <t \T» 7?lrtr»f- sirna tMi-rl mnfn nn fltn af.Slinff ship Persian Empire, which left Adolaido for London in 1868. One of tho crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting that on Christmas morning, as the Persian Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was otdered with the rest of his watch to secure a bout hanging in tbo davits over the side. Ho and another got into the boat, when a fearful sea broke over the ship, washing them both out of the boat into the sea, where they wee both drowned. The dream made such an impression upon him that he was mast reluctant to join the ship, but he overcame his scruples and sailed. On Christmas Eve, when they wore ncaring Capo Horn, Cleary had a repetition of his dream, exact in all its particulars. He uttered a terriblo cry, and kept muttering. ' I know it will come true.' On Christmas Day, exactly as ho had foreseen, Cleary and the rest of tho watch were ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary flatly refused. He said he refused because ho knew ho would be drowned, that all the circumstances of his dream had come true up to that moment, and if he went into that boat he would die. He was taken below to the captain, and his refusal to discharge duty was entered in tho log. Then tho chief olficcr, Douglas, took the peu to sign his name. Cleary suddenly looked at him and exclaimed, ' I will go to my duty, for now I know the other man in my dream.' Ho told Douglas as they went on deck of hio dream. They got into the boat, and when they were all making tight a heavy sea struck tho vessel with such force that the crew would have neon wasned overboard had they not clung to the mast. The boat was turned over, and Douglas and Gleary were flung into tho sea. They swam for a little time and then went down. It was just three months after he had dreamed of it before leaving Adelaide." a bister's dream. Hero is another thrilling sailor-story bearing on tho subject of apparitions at tho moment of death : — "A great gust of wind seized the half- slackoned maintopsaii, and sent it fluttering into fragments. At tho same moment the ship reeled nearly on her beam-ends, and, above tho howling of tho gale, wo heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J P sent whirl ing headlong from tho masthead into the Boa. Even yet I can see tho look of agony Btampcd on" his upturned faco, and I can hear the very tones of his heartrending cry, ' Oil 1 Lucy, Lucy,' aB ha disappeared for ever in the darkness below. "After tho storm abated, the captain made a careful note of the exact time of tho occurrence, tho position of the Bhip, and tho other particulars. He seemed struck at my , mention of tho exclamation I had ovorheard falling from tho poor fellow's lips as ho clutched in vain nt tho yielding air. " ' Ah,' ho said, ' that must havo boen ills sister, Luoy Y , to whom he was greatly attached.' " The rest of the voyago passed without incident, and as soon as the slup arrived at Liverpool I made my way to the train which wna t.n t-.ri.lrn ma to Mnnchcstnr.. "I was walking idly along the platform when I saw the face of an old gentleman, who, with a young lady on ills arm, waB elbowing hiB way through the crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so striking that I stood and lookad at him. Tho young lady's eyes happened suddonly to meet mino. Instantly she gave a violent Btart, uttered a low scream, and exclaim ing: — 'Oh, look, there's the fuco of my dream I' stared at mo as if fascinated. Hor companion gontly rallied hor, nnd half led, half carried hor, to the nearest waiting- room, As he passed ho bogged mo to come with thorn and handed mo his card. " When wo were alone the old gentleman explained that the sight of my faco had re minded his daughter of a very peculiar and unploasant dream, to whioh she still per sisted in attaching importance. He suid, 'At the proscnt moment, indeed, wo aro on our way to discover if tho owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival." "I said, 'I am an npprontico of the C— — , and have but lately loft hor lying in the harbor. " ' Then,' tho young lady cried, 'I must | bo right. It must bo true. 'Twos that man's face I saw gazing at him as he fell. I saw Joe's ship in the - midst of a fearful storm, and him clinging to tho slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to pass before my eyes, and I saw him falling buck- wards into tho sea. I, Baw your. face in the momentary gleam, and I woke perfectly terrified to hear the sound of my own name— "O, Luoyl Lucy 1''— whispered in my ears,'' " The expression of my face mast have conveyed but too well- the. meaning of my, siienee. "'My God,' cried Mr.——, 'is it true, then ? Is lie dead ?' "I stammered,: 'Too .true, sir. Yes 1 every word of it 1 I wnt beside' him at the moment, and even tried to save him. " On comparing notes 'we found that the dream took place the very day, allowing for tho difference in longitude, oven tho very hour when the accident occurred 1" an eerie story from the shetlands. Here is a sample of the narratives repeated in good faith by the superstitious folk of tho remote Slietlands : — " One day in 1836 a fisherman of the name of Groy found-.., that when returning from fishing his boat stopped without any apparent cause. In vain he strained at the oars ; it would not move a foot. He looked over the prow, thinking he might have got entangled in seaweed, but the water was clear. Ho thought ho might have struck on a hidden shoal, so rooked the boat. She rocked freely, showing there wns water under her keel. Grey then looked over the stern, and to his horror saw a man, whom he knew had been dead for six months, holding on to the stcrnpost. This man was ono with whom ho nad somo little quarrel, and Gruy besought. him' to free the boat; saying that ho had hoped thai death would have cancelled all enmity between them. Without replying, the man still held ou, and at last, in despair, Grey took his axe and hacked off the stcrnpost, when the boat at oiieo shot forward. The man, however, cried out that Grey and he should meet again in six weeks. Grey, in great fear, hastened home and told his family lind friends of tho occurrence. In six weeks, at the exact time tho dead man had . named, Grey was found in the morning dead in bed. A bvm ui tvuuviu v? i vj f it ii u sttn mv iitutiiutcu boat come in, was, at any rate, keeping a sailors' boardinghouse in Antwerp ; hut there are many in tho Shetland Isles who well remember the circumstance and seeing the boat with tho stcrnpost out off." ghosts aggressive and tangible. Ghosts take many and various forms, and there are a few pretty terrifying ones in Mr. Stead's collection. There arc diabolical floating facus and mutilated trunks. Thore is a ghost which inflicted its company on an unhappy living friend for a walk of some duration, which it enlivened with a long and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its body." burning from within, outwards unconsumed." There are aggressive ghosts which pull off one's bedclothes, or grapple with one in a confusion of materia! or immaterial. There is . oven a ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog, which actually bit tho porter in the catf of his leg. And there is one which strikes us as tho only instance we have yet come across of a "warm, soft, and plump" gho9t — but the poor thing only, consisted of a hand and arm. But we will conclude with a very oreopy tale which shows that a mutilated ghost does not al ways correspond with a mutilated corpse. The apparitioh may fit itself out, it seems, with the very parts which are missing in the mortal remains, to say nothing of making its presence known by an energetic smack on tho back : — "About the middle of the first dccado of this century there livod in the little sea port town of Qirvan, in South Ayrshire, a young man and his sister ; they wcro warmly attached to each other. My grandmothor, from whom I heard their story, was intimately acquainted with the young woman. The brother followed tho precarious and dan gerous avocation of the fisher, and our story bogins with the loss of his life by the swamping of his boat in a storm. " For a week or two his sister was incon solable ; her mind dwelt in imagination on tho loved form of hor brothor tossed amongst the weeds a'nd oozo ou the bed of tho ocean, tho food for fishes, and the dwelling-place for creeping things. At this Btage the >ody was discovered in a rocky part of the ooast owing to a sin gularly vivid dream dreamt by a casual visitor to the town ; an incident remarkable in itsolf, but not to our present- purpose. The corpse, which was much decompused, had lost the right hand. This matiiatton made a deep and painful impression on the sistcr'e mind. "Ever and anon sho would burst out into a fit of weeping, wringing her hands, and bowailing the loss of her brother's hand. I "This continued for about a week, until ono night, preparatory to going to bed, she had undressod ; bat before eho had got into bed, overcome by the force oi her emotions, she threw her face ou the pillow and burst out weeping, and bemoaning the last hand ; but scarcely had she done so when, with a cry of fear, she sprang from the bed. " Hor cries soon brought tho other in mates of tho house to her room, and when questioned she informed them that when she had thrown herself on tho bed she felt some one give her a elap on the back, as if with tho open hand ; and that tho place where sho w&9 struck was 'still pricking from tho effect of the blow, and put her place whore she was struck. "They examined the place, and over the shoulder blade, in vivid blue, was tho im-. pressioh of a man's right hand," 