Some Dental Remini scences. . . .. I have been dabbling a little in dentistry for the past few daya, and as far aa I have gone I oan't say that I hanker after it as a meena of rest and relaxation. I had muoh rather sit in a barber's chair, and have him poor bay rum down my nook and ask me if I didn't want a sea foam or a scalp eradicator. As unpleasant and annoying to the sensitivo soul as that is, it is a Bathoven symphony alongsido of a rest in a dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wish he had been born without teeth, when he oomes to having them filled. I mentioned this little bon mot to my dentist but he only grunted and told me not to spit on thc oarpet. There is something BO discouraging to conversation in tho regular course of dentistry that one hates to have \- the life knooked out of a little pleasantry by a meroinary minded tooth doctor. A man can think of s good many things while a man's fist and a set of boring apparatus is operating inside his jaws, but he oan scarcely find words to givo his thoughts ex pression. Thon when the merry ripple of pcrs'ilage flows forth with the snliva at some intermission of the tragedy, he hates to have it received as oooly BB civil service application for offios. This makes thc last ot the Macbeth fillings that I have had ie-placcd. There wore six of them at first, twelve years ago ; all put in by tho same master hand. Une by one they partod from me. Some of them willingly, yon gladly, in company with a pieoo of moliesen oandy, others broken off abruptly in tho full tido of their strength and usefulness by a Btray bit of oyster shell. I had a girl once who loosened a large front filling with one of her warm, voluptious kiseeB that drew like a mustard plaster or a new picoe of auction hose. This last ono I shook out of a teeth-obattering oon test where some one was telling ghost stories in the dark. Henceforth Macbeth and I will ba aa though nothing had ever passed between us. ,1 earry no more of bis bi sulphate of zino around with me and I am glad of it. My first dental experience happened in tho early part ol my career, but I never think of it Without a reotfil bf 'horror,-whutever-*that ~ Í ls; '. .? . The dentist, whoso tooth-jerking emporium and jaw-dislooating parlors I patronised, went by tho name of Macbeth. He looked like a man who would stoop to mordor, if tho man WBB smaller than ho or ho had him down. I did not patronise him from ohoioe but from policy. He run a half square adv. in tho paper on whioh I then worked, and ono morning when I complained of a toothache, tho editor suggested that I should go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept a small showaaes full of teeth at the bottom of the stairway leading to his blcuspcd basaar, and the doctor who did business on tho floor above, also had a Btnall, but choice oolleation of aristocratic oorno on the other aide of tho staircase. The efltot, as we artists say, was harmonious but startling. Persons would atop as they went by to look at the showoases, just BB they do in front of a photographer's d'oplay, and point .out Major Taylor's three- pronged molar or Mrs. J ucl ga Tuloy'd troubleuomo hard oom. When I wont to Mr. Miobetb, I told him that a toothache was troubling me, and that I had a large, important looking tricuspid that I would like to add to his collection. Ho said that ha didn't usually put any but the teeth of actresses and professional men in his display, but that he might maka an exaoption in my oase, if I would givo him a ton-line looul in next week's pnpir. I promised the local, and a good position an top of tho column, next reading matter, provided he gave my tooth tho same in his caso. That was when 1 was young and proud. Now, I have my teeth pulled, not necosoaiiiy far exhibition. Then I took a soat, opened my mouth and waited, while Maoboth made his explorations. When he returned from thc interior, ho said there waa no need ot pulling thc tooth i.t all. That it ought to be filled."!' .Isoannounced .with gladsomo Eurckancsf, mut ho had dis covered five other large, underground cavities that ought to be'stopped up. In my" guileless innocence I told him. to go ahead with (he contract. \ . ' Then ho jabbed a Btick of wood into my mouth to hold it open, while he rummaged around among the assortment of ra.-pa he kept on file. It jjcting aomo bf tho lesa deadly instru ment', ho 8olected his favorito weapon nnd placed himself in an effensivo attitude. He placed bia left hand across tho bridge, ot my nose to steady himself, and his hand wna as cold and clammy aa thc touch, of a dear do parted friend. I tried to remonstrate with ' him, but ho bad already begun operations, and I could only think up things that I would flay when I got looso. After staking ont hiB claim, ho began to boro for quarti!. livery .once in a while his gimlet would slip and jab a hole in my ..jaw. Then he would twist it out, braco hid feet moro firmly against the woodwork, and jab away again. So IIB went on, tapping a v«in bsro, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind lead soma placa else, till all six of tho cavities wera tilled. Mr. Macbeth's breath waa nearly as ctrong BB liia_orm, and earns near taking tho place of chloroform. His bands also load tnu to beliovo'that ho had had turkey hash for brcakfnefc,'and had, been dealt the nook. Hut t did not complain. When man bas his mouth full ot Fmallorobara and unilpnitohas, it* ia foolish to utter a word of complaint ; i!)iint;anything. When I got a ohanco to get tip and beat n honorable retreat, I did BO. . I think Mao nut h roust have taken me for tho Into. Mr. Mc Duff. Tux demand for ita leather bas brought 'bu kangaroo into imminent danger of ex. ji jiion, and niearuros are iu contemplation Ve iclu'ci'ns- lili; fi«usbtf;r ot ibu animal Kthcl : " What do you think of Joblots' 0 gagf merit to MÍ8H Ror.rBÎ" Jack : " Ho might do worse." Eih'l : "Ho will-ho is going fo marry nor." "Why, Carper, this isn't a bit tho kind" ct a houee I euppoccd you would build." "No, I'm'rather surprised myself, but tho arohitcot ia vtry well satisfied," 