The Haunted House. This bouse is haunted : yes indeed it is ! But iiut by ghosts in trailing robes of white, With waving arms aud icy touch and kiss, Who always choose the witching hour of night To wander up and down the level floors, And some unhappy wight's warm, blood to freeze ; Then >hgs froaxgision, flitting through closed doors : My ghosts, atfc are not such ghosts as these. No. tbey are visions visions of the past, Of deur ones who bare entered into rest ; They come aud go, their forms no shadows cast. I would embrace them ; but my arms have pressed The erupty air. Ah, me, the dear home life 1 i It all comes back around ms aa I gaze ; And then onoe more begi'ja the bitter strife, I live once more my long and lonely days. Coinc, friend, with me and pass the old honse Ly ; Let us go in ; there's naught to do ns ilL Did you not hear a murmur like a sigh Ah, look ! the empty rooms begin to fill ! I Bee a loved one's face so mild and kind, Smiling, midst heavenly lights around it thrown. Do vou not see it Ob. your eyes are blind ! They fihould be led, like raiue, by love alone. The same old chairs stand where they used to staua, The curtains in the soft breeze rise and fall, The same old clock points with a warning band To passing hoars that never seem to pall ; While forms of loved onee gone but ever dear With Hll their old time actions pass me by. Father and mother, yee, tbey both are here. And there is one whose face I know : 'tis I ! Ah, fade not yet, dear visioue of the past ! Stay but a little while iu rach old plooe ! Hybfefet end dear ! Too long ye cannot last While love for me lights up each spirit faos. Come, let us go ; the bight ib falling fast ; The visions anil the day alike arc flown. I turn me back from that dear, love-litpast To face whate'er the future holds, alcne ! Nay, frund, seek tot to shake my firm belief That dear ones watt me up at heaven's gtte. And in their arms 1 shall find full relief For all my weary days and desolate. 'I am not wrong in this : 1 surely deem That will hold the eetness of the l't> And a home life, to which tLisearth'e shall seem But noor and barren, shall be mine at lut ! — Galveston New6." An important discovery of dynamite and other deadly materials was mude recently near Fantin, by a search party, consisting of M. Atthftlin, examining magistrate, a police commise&ry; and a constable. Among the explosives were 139 dynamite cartridges, a large quantity of fuse, and COO percussion cape. _ 