DIVINE GOODNESS AND ITS CLAIMS. [By Rev. W. J. Hooking."] The Bible makes three kmds or appeal to the human conscience for man's submission to God There is first the appeal of authority—" Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might." The second appeal is that of God's right of ownership—"Thus said the Lord that created thee, 0 Jacob, and he that formed thee O Israel, I have called thee by My name] thou art mine.5' And the third appeal, that of the divine goodness and love .for men — "I beseech you by the mercies of God." The first and second are the appeals of the Old Testament. Sinai is the scene of God's positive and authoritative demands; Mos6s is the prophet of the Divine autocracy. The somewhat gentler appeal of God's paternal relationship with man finds utterance in Israel's later prophets. But these, as the mouthpiece of God, bewail alike the lawless ness and the ungratefulness of the children of men—"Hear, 0 heavens, and give ear, O earth; for the Lord hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against Me."' The tenor of that message and the bewailing of its failure to woo the hearts of men are the closing strains of the Old Testament. With the New Testament comes the third appeal.—Since-God failed to command the , Jjubraission of thehunian heart Ho tries at last to win it, and to win it by a manifestation of •His love. What is the dominant.note of the Gospel message? Is it not this—"God so loved the world J" And what is the song of the soul captivated by that love ? Is it not, " We love Elim because Ho first loved us?" That is the earthly reftain. The anthem of ttee heavenly .host is—"Unto Him that loved us . . be glory and dominion for ■ever." The grand theme of St. Paul's preach ing was the drawing power Of the Jove of the cross; the ground of his appeal for Eervico, and sacri.'hce, and devoiion, and consecration, was the Divine mercy. Ovef-arching human lile'like the fitmamental blue of heaven, beam ing upon it from the heights above like au un *guenehable sun, was the goodness, the mercy, the love of God. I want to speik of the mer ■cies of God, and of their taessaee to us who are "6Ver receiving them. Let us not look at thetii froui a narrow standpoint. Let us not suppose that they can be -referred to some distant past. Let ns not imagine that one grand display of love—Eeen in the cross ot Jesus, in the ■death of the Father's Son—is all that can be ascribed to Divine mercy. That, doubtless, was the crowning display of the Divine Love; that wis the m -.- - it the Father Could do for men to shoo.- ,-u that He loved them. Sub His mercy is ever iu full play about us, preventing us, following us, overshadowing us feom above, supporting us from beneath. Let "me speak of the Divine mercies as they are manifest in the common things of cur earthly life, and especially the things that pert am to <mr sustenance and happiness as living creatures. This season of the yeah bribes before us. as in agrand panorama, the mindfulness, and care fulness, and providential goodness of God to wards us. All tells how the blessing of God has followed the tabors of man: We plough the fields, and scatter The good teed on the ]*od« but it is God who giveth^ the inetoase. He sendeth his sunshine and bis rain, His light and His heat, and because He recognises our need and blesses our effort the valleys stand so Chick with corn that they laugh and sing. Are we not apt to forget this feature of the Divine mercy ? Are we not apt to take seedtime and harvest^ as matters of course, tilings that follow in a natnval order, without tracing them up to the Divine Hand that ordereth all things? But—if we could but realise it— spring time and the fruitage of the seed and of the trees are the standing miracles of the world, as they are also standing proofs of the mindfulness of the Creator for the creature Let any oua who casts his seeds into the ground think for a moment what he could do without God. Compare that which was sown and that which is reaped, and ask—Whence the power that developed first the blade, tben the ear, and thon the full corn in the ear. Iu every seed there lies folded up in its tiny form the color, the exquisite markings, the rich fragrance, the luscious flavor of she ripened fruit—all held in secret keeping by God. Only as I-Ie unlocks the seed will it give forth its iiohes; only as He smiles upon it will it bloom and blossom and ripen for she use of man. "He giveth grass for the Cattle and green herbs for the service of mau" Every autumn brings its answer to the roaring cry of the young lions that seek their meat from l?od. Every harvest is God'a answer to the prayer—"Give us this day our daily bread." Yes, 5he golden sunthiue, vernal air, Sweet flower- awl iruit-. am love declare ; When harvests ripen '1 e is ihere Who giveth all. Turn from Qod's merciful providence in its supply of the world's want#, to the fact of its manifestation in the individual life. See how the mercies of God have entered into all that We have and are. 1 know that our views of thorn are indefinite, one-sided, and incom plete. But they have come to us on every breeze; they have flown to us from God as music from the JEoliau harp when the winds sweep over is; they have come to us noise lessly, unostentatiously, as light comes from the "fountain of day. Every day of buoyant health and active exercise; every night of serene repose and of blissful dream; every hour iu which your whole being has drunk in the light and beauty and music and silence of the universe; every joy which has fallen upon you from above, like tones of angel voices; every joy that has awakened within-like echoes from the musio of the spheres—ail are of God. "Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and eometh down from the Father of Lights." He-is the "Eternal God who giveth us all things richly to enjoy." Even times that we have thought calamities have been angels of mercy in disguise, ijome of idis richest fruits of blessing have been wrapt up, like the ches nut, in a prickly shell. He has brought the morning of hope out of the night ot despair, and turned the shadow of death into the day spring of immortality, into the Light of the Ineffable. Hon- great then is the sum of His mercies; how unutterable His bountiful kind nesses. Have you ever thought how much the Christianity of the Hew Testament makes of the yielding up of the whelo natute to God? It is a tremendous protest against the notion that religion is a. psychical, spiritual, inward thing, dealing only with mental attitudes, con victions, aspirations. The religion of Jesus touches humanity in all its functions, parte, ' and faculties. It is meant to consecrate, sanctify, and hallow every phase of our life— animal as well as physical, physical as weli as spiritual; bringing the whole man into conscious relationship with God, setting the whole nature faultless before the throne. "He," the Corisf, the Son of the Blessed, "is the Saviour of the body." "Know ye not that your Codies are the temples of the Holy Ghost?" "Glorify God in your bodies." "Present your bodies a living sacrifice unto God." That is the aim and purpose oE the religion of Jesus the Christ. 'Photo ie ririrVa rlumon^ nf V111 msvrtifcu ffmv That is God's demand of humanity. How can we do it ? How far is it possible ? What | is its practical bearing upon our common rela tionships and upon life's ordinary duties? In | what way can we—compassed by infirmities, Ewayed by passions, with wants and desires | that go out mainly to things animal, carnal, Eensuous, and sentient—glorify God ? Let us recognise this first, aud as the very foundation of the matter—that the service of | humanity is the service of God. I mean by that, that to employ our body's functions and faculties, to engage our energies and activities upon things than tend to the general good of man, is to glorify God. He has so constituted us, so ordained the economy of human life, so planned our relationship with Him, that we serve Him most when we serve one another best. Yes. to work is to worship ; to labor is to pray. The daiiy round, the common task, may be a sanctuary of service, an altar of J sacrifice. If it be true that He prayeth well who lovefh w> U Both m <n and bird and beast: He prayeth best who love la f est AU things both great aud email, For the dear Ood who loveth us He made and loveth all; then is it specially true that true human service is true Divine service, and that right doing before mau is as incense that continually ascendeth unto God. Thus then, you may i glorify Him by using all His gifts as means to | holiest ends. Truth, honor, uprightness, fair ness, generosity in your dealings one with I another, in the relationships of master and servant, employer and employed, benefactor and benefited, teacher and pupil will be in the | sight of the good. God as sacred, as beautiful, as acceptable, as Divine as the anthems of the | heavenly choir, as the Trisagion of the cheru bim, as the lowly adoration of the seraphim of the skies. I want you boys to feel this ; I want you to think that in the difierentspheres where God has placed you—however menial you may imagine your duties, however arduous your tasks—if you are faithful, if you are. honest, if you are true, your lives may be a continued prayer, your activities a continued psalm of praise, your deeds an answer to the petition which you daily present to the throne —"Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven." You, with y-our human hands, and human feet, and human brain, and human ambitions may be as much doers of the Divine will as the angels who wait before the throne.. Think of it, glory in it, rise day by day and more and more to the dignity of it, that y ou may be a living sacrifice. And this, not as the martyr who kisses the lambent flames that consume his flesh, but as the humble, patient, expectant, yet active, child of God ; content to do your duty in that state of life to which it has pleased Him to call you. And to you who have attained to manhood and to womanhood, you men and women with combustible tempers, I would say to you— You must rein them in and control them if you would be acceptable to God. You that give way to appetite_ and passion, that degrade your bodies by brutish habits, and your souls by making them the slaves of the flesh; you that know such words as fornication, adultery, drunkenness, laseiviousness, have facts answering to them in your own lives j God wants you to purify your selves from these. It will be a sacrifice, no doubt. You will only do it as So. Paul did it, by a continual bringing of the body into subjection, a continual suppressing of unholy desires, a continual cutting off of right hands and plucking out of right eyes; still you must do it if you would respond to the voice of Divine mercy; you must do it if you would make a return for the Divine Jove which has crowned your years; you must do it if you would enjoy the Divine power and reach the Divine abode. "Be ye holy" is God's com mand. Give up yourselves to God is the Divine appeal, to the obeying of His laws to the doing of His will—that is your reason able service. Service implies the power to give and the power to withhold. It is so in this case. You may withhold your bodies from God if you choose, you may make all their facilities to be the servants of sin; you may indulge all their passions, gratify al! their cravings, follow all their ten dencies. But you do it as ingrates of the Divine love, as rejectors of the Divine mercy, as those who heed not the Divine voice; you do it as those who shall reap the reward of your doings. .Life is before,you j^deafch is. before you—. "goal of all mortal." Down life's long avenue you gaze- full of hopefulness, full of trustful ness, full of expectancy. I want) to tell you this—that only as you present your bodies to God will your life be beautiful, your path peaceful, and your end serene. Give to God that "reasonable service," aud then in life's evening you shall be able to say, what the old Quaker-poet Wintrier said to Oliver Wendell Holmes on his eighty-third birth day Far off, and faint aa echoes of a dream, The scraps ot boyhoon se-m. Yet on our autumn bougbs, unflown with spring, The evening thrushes sing. Yea; you may also add— The hour oraws near, howe'er delayed and late, When at the Eternal Gate We leave the words ana works we call our own, And Jifc void hands alone For love to fill. Our nakedness of soul Brings to that Gate no toll; Gitdees we cme to Him, Who all things gives, And live because He Jives. 