FIFTY LASHES. A Maori War Incident. IN FOUR CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I. ?_ ? By Atha WE.sriiunv. A full aummor moon ovorlio.id, caofing bars of aoft sheen athwart the trcoa in thopub'io Domain, Auckland, Now Zea land. On a rustic bench, beneath tho wide wide spreading branches of a giant Kauri pine, aat a half-caste Maori girl, and by hor side a tall, handsomo youth, wearing the dark blue uniform of Covcrsham'a Horso. No Spanish beauty could boast a more glorious beauty of face and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother—daughter of the oldest Maori chieftan, Te Puke—fell in lovo, and married ono, Tom Selby, a aergeant in tho Oth Regiment, and with, her hand came many broad acres in the most fertile valleys of tho Waikato, which tho old soldier soon converted into a good, payable ? While Kiora wa? ; yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside thacity, and sent his: daughter to a boarding school until she became old enough to tako charge of his house hold. "And so you are going to-morrow, Charley ?'' Bhe asked, timidly, at the same time, toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. " Must it really be to morrow ?" "Beally : nnd truly, Kiora," he an- Bwered. " The horses wore put aboard sally this ovoning, and wo sail to-morrow at daylight." . " How dreadful this war is," she Bays, iv a low tone. "Ah, dreadful indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly and a<so those mad fanatics, the rebels, murder and plunder innocent people. Since ltewi waa driven out of Waikato the Government have done all in their power to iuduco the dis satisfied Maorios to lay down their arms and live at peaco with their Pakeha neighbours, but yousoo it is of no avail. Tipore and his crazy brother havo roused tho Taranaka tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately pre vented one Charles Stanton from onjoy ing hia Christmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby." "Dear Charlie, no ono can regret that misfortune more than poor Kiora," sho answers, softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then atoopa downward until his moustache reaches Kiora's ripe red lipa, and—well the moon only knows what took place, for blio was waiching them. Hor moonship Bees many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely evening, thero was no excep tion to tho rule, for sho observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other, the form of a man crouching low down behind a thick scrub, which completely hid him from the oye? of those he was evidently watching— a man with a pale, vile-looking face, which peered out at them from the screen of foilage with a savage gleam in his eyea. Tho apparel of the eavesdropper was sim ilar to that worn by the girl's companion, save ttiat he had three narrow golden etripea upon hia coat sleeve at the wmt, which bespoke the mau a non- commis sioned officer. During a long chat, such us lovers ?Bually indulge in, the watcher never stirred from his bent position, but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was born only of deop and ab sorbing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that, ho retreated further into the shade, and in doing so made a noise that attracted tho girl'i at tention. ".What was that, Charlie?" ahe cried, nestling herself close to the side of that gentleman, and looking round in alarm. " What is the matter, dear ?" "Did you not hear a rustling noise? It sounded close by that bush there," she said. "Sweet' Kiora, you are filled with strange fancies to-night," ho Baid, gaily. First it was a shooting star, big with evil , portent for us. Now it is a noise, as of some lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, there is nothing, save perchance some grnsshoppor looking for his mate." " Oh, Charlie,' 1 would give all I pos ses in the world to prevent your going to Taranaki," she ? Baid, with sudden energy. "Nonsense. Why?" "Because I havo one morbid fancy that whon we part to night, it will bo forever." ' " My darling, I—" " Listen to mo, Oharlio. Do you be liuvo in dreams?" " Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams, nothing moro." Tlio maiden nestled hor small lioad, crowned with a coronot of glossy, raven hair, closer to hia breast, and looking up at him with hor largo eyes, said : " 1 had a terrible dream the night be fore last, a dream in which I aaw what took placo as plain as I can sco those trees beforo mo now." " What did you aeo, Kiora ?" " An oncampment of nrmed men, situ ated on tho margin of a lovely lake, and surrounded on all sides by high rugged lulls, treolcss, and barren in tho ex treme," sho rosponded, in a low tono. " Beyond the tonta, on a green patch of sflard,tny dream disclosod a square of glittering bayonets, in tho centre of which wero three posts standing upright. On thoao cruel stakes a man was boing tiuil hand and foot, to bo flogged like a slave. My God, it waa terrible." The trooper put hia urm about the slender form of his companion, for she had begun to ahivor like ono in an ague "Did you recognize tho features of tho unfortunate fellow at tho triangleo V" he "Bleed, presently. "Idid." " And you know him ?" " Yes." "Who was ho, Kiora ?" " Yoursolf, Charlie I Oh, tbo unuttcr &blo; anguish depicted thoro I Oh, the misery and despair, and tho Bickenitig dreadful blows that fell upon my ears like some shuddering horror too great for mortal hoart to boar I Yot I was com pelled togaze till tho dreadful work was endod. Then I heard a loud shout away toward the cliff, and looking thenco, bo jio.d a great horde of Maori worriors'rush hko a mighty avalancho upon the square of armed men, and shiver it into a hun dred fragments. Then all became n chaos ?nd confusion, intermingled with shouta ?mil cries, ond a vision of the !nan who had been degraded mounted on a horso without oither aaddlo or bridal, his bare ?"id bloeding back gliatoning cousplo. uously above the crowded melee, until, tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it wont down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more." Clmrlio Stanton stood silent for a moment, A feeling of somo nameless dread began to steal ovor him at Kiora'a recital, but he shook it off, and repliod in a bantering way. " Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. Indeed it has been said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams aro liko ladies, thoy follow the rule of contrary. Come, hold upyourhend, my dear. 1 ahull re turn to you ero the new year ia many weeks old, with all my honors thick upon mc." "1 fervently trust you may, dear Charlie," alio replied. . Then suddenly lifting her head: "Charlie, I want you to make mo a promise—a solemn promise." " Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to promise?" " That you will refrain from taking ono drop of intoxicating liquor until you ro turn to Auckland. .. " You little tyrant," he cried, laugh ingly. " You would like to set a trap for mo. You have your tea without stint—: which the doctors Bay is rank poison— and yet one is to bo deprived of hio glass of grog simply because that giddy head of yours bus been running too much on wars and rumors of war. But sweet Kiora, let lis change the subject.. How lovely the night is." Thoy went out into the aoftglow, arm in arm—she pleading for hia promise—ho i laughingly resisting her. Onward down the green slopes, strewn with murky Bhadows, that seemed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. By and by tho lurking figure camo forth from hia lair, and atood up in tho full light of the moon—a tall dark man about thirty years of age, face sallow and closely shaven, disclosing a wide, Bonsual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. "So hero you are, Sergeant Clement Exloy, playing tho spy," he muttered apostrophising himself, a sinister gleam in his oyo the while. " Why, who would havo thought thn ring doves would select this place for thoir senseless chatter ? almost under my nose. Humph, my limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both. What the devil can there be about this weak fooling dandy that ahe must prefer him to a better man. Aye, one who cares moro for her than he does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. " There ye go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of mc, but take care, my lad, I don't checkmate you. Fcr ten years you and I have been what modern socioty calls friends, Charlie ; but modern society little dreama how I hate your friendship. It has robbed mo of many ttiing I had set my heart on, even tho lovo of this proud wonoh, who haa thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field, Charlie, mriVi che.r. Well, well, lam con tent to bide my timo, Kiora Selby. Dreams havo been fulfilled ero this. I have tho cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will uso it when tho opportunity offers." He followed in the wake of the lovers with a slow and meditative step, hia head bent, and his hands claaped behind his back. " If my friend Stanton has one pet vice above another, that vice is drink," he muttered, pausing in his walk. Not a sot that loves to tipple alone until he ia speechless ; oh, dear no ; but one of your gentlemanly, social souls, who cannot Bay nay when it is placed under his nose. Let him promise if he will, ho cannot resist it. I havo studied the man. Twice has ho risen to the rank of sergeant since tho corps was formed, and each time de graded to the ranks again through his love of good liquor. So, so, Charlie, all's fair in love and war. Therefore, I'll bait my lino and angle for you, my friend. " Once landed, 1 Bee my way to la belle Kiora, ami her broad acros." Sorgoant Exley, of Cavoraham'a Horse, quickened his pace, orossed the park, and entered Parnell, thence his walk became slower, until he reached Shortand Place. Here ho halted, and stood watching the front ofaprotty villa on. the opposite aide of tho way. Thero must have been soinothing very attractive hero to ongago the sergeant's attention, for he remained on tho spot close upon two hours. He was still waiting and watching when a young man issued from the house, hum ming a favorite opera air. " Hullo, Charlie I well met, dear boy* Where havo you been V" cried Exley, in a surprised, yet pleasant tone. "Just ran over to bid tho Bolby'a good by," replied Stanton. "But what nro you doing down thia way, Exley?" " Ah, taking a walk under tho moon to view the city. I guess we Bhnn't havo another opportunity of viewing the spires of Auckland by moonlight for Bomo timo to come. Truth ia, Charley, lam glad to havo mot you." "Whyi" " Because I was just making my way to the Albion, whero I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows, to take a parting glass. You will join mc, of courso?" "My dear Exley, nothing would give mo greater pleasure, but—" "But what?" "The truth, is," stammered Charlie, "T have mado a promise not to touch liquor of any kind until 1 return from laranaki." ? " Phew," whistled tlioSorgeant. "lam Borry for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of the best punch, and one or two of the most comic dogs in New Zea land. Good night." Sorgoant Exley turned upon his hool, but Stanton caught him by the arm. ? "Hold hard, Exloy. Wo sail early in morning: it's morning already, thoroforo I'm with you. I can accompany you without breaking my word, eh ?" "Certainly." And the angler went in with his inten ded dupe, and brought him forth in the grey light of tho dawning day.stngfrering, uproarious, and with his promiao shat tered to the winds. CHAPTER 11. There are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly ruggotl than the Ohan Valley, Taranaki, the spot whoro tho volunteers had formed the bivouac, on tho 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maorie. It was Christmas Eve, the time, night; with moon and atara studding the dark blue canopy of heaven, as on tho night of the advent of the Master, nearly ninotoen hundred yeara ago. _ Tho camp was composed of six hun dred, rank ond filo, of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caver ahnm'a Horae. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hiU adjacent to whero the Gommi?sarial atoroa had been piled and covored ovor by a large tar paulin. Of the sixty men of the trnup ton had been told off as. a guard, under tho charge of Sergoant Exloy. Tbo supply of grog and provisions woro only limited, and needed but ono sentry nt a timo to keep watch and ward over them. Thero wero six quarter casks of rum standing in a row flanking tho stores, —a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tipplor who chanced to have chargo in tho still dead night with no eye looking an, This idea appeared to havo takon pos session of the sorgoant, for he called tho guard togctho.' about tho watch- firo, and said: : '"? " Comrades, I need hardly remind you of tho general order issued this morning. We are under martial law horo in tho field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish tho slightest neglect or carele&sness; with severity, mind that; and above all remem ber that any man found tipsy while on duty will most assuredly go to the tri angles. You understand." They appeared to undorstand very woll that drunkenness would ba punished only with tho lash, and thoy glanced towards the rum—punohoons—and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to concern him self about their welfare. Thero woro others about tho firo who did not belong to tho guard. One a short,. broad shouldered, jolly-looking fello'w,.fwho had evidently seen more of ocean than terra fir'ma, if one mignt judge by his gait and: his conversation. His name wa? Bob Cable, and, whilo the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on tho rough nose of a magnificient water spaniel at hia aide. This experiment with the dog appenrod equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about four teen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy, who answered to tho norn de plume of " Sandy," was one of thatgondpr known as a camp-fag and general knock about amongst the troopers. He could apeak English pretty well—so far as lying went—and was withal one of_tho most michievous young vagabonds in Maori land. As the night waxed apace thero arose a keen east wind, which made tho air biting cold, and sot tho white tents shivering liko bo many Bheoted ghosts under the moonlight. Tho Maori lad, prowling about for somo placo of sholtor for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without moro ado. Tho party round the firo gradually thinned, until only two persons remained seated by it,—Charles Stanion and Bob Cible. It was ea?y to poroeivo that a warm and sincere friendship existed be tween those twain, yot no two men wore moro opposite in person and disposition. JTlio ono handsome, gontlcmanly and re fined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusillanimity. The other ooarso, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a bulldog. How came thcso oppositcs to bo friends ? Simply through one littlo oct of kindness. At tho storming of the Maori stronghold—" To lianga "—Bob Cable lay bleeding to death outside the enemy's trench from a severe gash in his aide received during tho attack. Tlio volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his lite Cliarlia Stanton walked coolly out to the trench and brought in tho wounded man upon hi? back, omidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken hia gratitude in language moro forcible than polite. And hero they sit by the firo, with tlio dog between them, and a Binall flask of rum,, which has beon emptied to the dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. ".?'?'"' | Presently .there is a call for No. 4 of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hur riedly, wishes Cable "good-night," and answers "hero." Itis his turn for sentry, and ho is marched over to relievo tho man posted on tho stores. Silonco now roigna throughout tho oamp, save for tho wild screech of the pelow out yonder by tho lake. Snnfly, crouched under the friondly covering of the tarpnulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. Tho Maori noiselessly lifts one ond of tlio cover ing and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannikin in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. " Indeed, Charlie, I see no groat harm in taking n glass of grog on such a cold night. We are not in town whero it could be easily obtiuned, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, and can provent my taking any, but I must Bay a small half-pint out of one of the?O casks would never bo missed." ?'Perhaps not, answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly. " Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard; but 1 Bay, Kxley, what about that led mo you gavo us respecting general orders and Colonel Baitopp's stern discipline?" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlio, thon adopt my plan. One Bido for the men, tho other for your friouds. Surely you woro not impressed witli my caution. Lord, I feel.'iiiolined to roar aometimoa at all the fuss and humbug put forth in ordors general or otherwise. Red tapo nud bunkum, bunkum, and rod tapo to tho ond of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Bnrtopp has not retired to his tont without a skinful ot good liquor. Why then should we, com rade, who have to watch through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is hero rnady hands ?" ." Bravo, Exley! Very woll argued. My ordors aro to allow no ono to meddle with thocomnhaaariot.exoopt the quarter ns aB tor, but, I repoat, you are my superior ofiicer, and —thero aro the casks." " Good. This follow hole soetna a littlo apoplectic, wo will bloed him." . "With all my heart; but how will you do it, through his bungholo?" cried Charlie, laughing. ?-.?'? "-No ; only a bunglor would go to work that way. Sco here, I havo a girablet. Now, keep-watoh whilo I spile this fallow's frontispiece." ? . ? Clement Exloy coat a triumphant look at hia companion ere ho went down on his ?knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good-natured, inconstant dupe seen that look, he would have thought twice boforo hob-nobbing with tho Bubtle and crafty scoundrel beforo him. But Charlio Stanton, measuring the man by hie own standard, saw nothing in it aavo a good follow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair na" silently aa a serpent, Sanfly behold Exley holding the pannikin over a thin jitreom issuing from ono of the casks. How tho liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into tho pot 1 When the pot wan full, Charlie hold hia thumb to tho hole until the oergeant plugged it up again. " Now, comrade, tako a nip," i "After you;" said Charlie, modest " The girls wo left behind üb," and the sergeant put the liquor to his lips, but he did nut drink nny. " I'll, givo that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which ho almost emptied the pannikin nt a draught. It look away hia broath fir the nonce, but that waa nothing, for the night wns cold. " What do you say ; shall wo refill the goblet, Stanton ?" "By nil means, Exley,- - and the pot was replenished. " I did not expect wo wero going to havo such a jolly timo in general," aaid the sentry, seating himself on one of tho puncheons,-with the can of rum between his knees. "Come, Clem, take a sip and pass the decanter." In a short timo tho measure was again empty, nnd once moro filled. Tho fiery spirit was at least twenty de grees ovor proof, and soon began to tnll on tho trooper. " We must bo cautious, ?rrnttidc, aud. not arouse the sleeping guard, 1 ' said the aergsant, as Cnarlie became rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't ex pect the visiting officer before four o'oloek." *'Oh', bother the visiting officer ; pass tho nappy, Clem." " I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie?" ' "Not at all. I am content to remain hera till daylight, providing you leave mc tho gimlet. Hore'a your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." Tho sergeant watched him with glisten ing oyes. " Steady, comrade, you will bo tipsy," he said. "I I nonsense. Here, hold my oarbino, tho pot ia empty." Ono a.m. by tho sergeant's watch, and his companion is growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about, moral ising to the empty air, like ono of Con greve's heroes. Ho will have another sip of the liquor, and ho has his way, for he is beyond reason now, The rum has mastered bim completely ; anon .ho ia nothing but a grovelling bundle of human ity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking—ye Gods I —rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted, and leaves him alono in his glory. Tlio officer of the night bogina his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the commissariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as coi root. " liow many sontries havo you, Ser geant Exley ?'" "Only one, captain I" " I will visit him." It was usual for two men of tho guard, and the non commissioned officer in charge, to accompany the officer whon visiting the sentrie?. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted tho cap tain over to tho stores, but of courso there was no one to challenge their approach. "Halt I" cried the officer. How's this I Whero is your man, sergeant?" he asked in a tone of surprise. Beforo the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out tho dark inert form of I tho tipsy sentinel stretched upon the ground fast asleep., A light was brought from the tent, and thoy tiied to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man got drunk on his post. Tho leaking cask, tho gim let, and tho pannikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told its own tale. " This is a vory unfortunate matter," cried the Bergeant, with well foignod ro gret in his tone. " What ia to be done, Bir?" " Done I why, your duty, Sergeant Ex ley, of course," responded tho captain. "Carry tlio poor devil to the guard tent, and put another man in his place. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night." Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging the hill tops, and kissing the Bleeping encampment into renewed lifo. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily beforo the guard tout, whero hia unfor tunate victim lay, slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. " la this but the preludo to her dream?" ho muttered. "Gad, it would soem to. Hero aro the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley bo low. Yonder, the Ohan lake gleaming in the early Bun liko a burnished shiold. What moro 1 Shall the curtain rise to day upon the first act of tho dream ?— the formed square, and tho man tied to the triangles ? Wo shall see. Charles Stanton, it would havo been woll had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch. Bleep on. Whon thou wakest, thou wilt boo tho cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's aloep. Ho turned into tho tent, and at that moment tho voico of Saufly waa hoard calling for Snap, the ro triover, who ran, frisking towards tho lad in great glee, and tho pair raced down the hill towards tho tent occupied by Bob Cable. CHAPTER HI. Colonel Bartopp, an old Indian officer, and moroovor a strict disciplinarian, was ono of tho last mon in tho army to pardon any serious breach of duty in the men undor his command. According to tho volenti, thoro could bo no crime ao hoinous as disobodionco and neglect in tho field beforo tha cnomy, The lives of a thousand, nay, ton thous and men, may rest upon tho care and watohfulnoss of ono sentinel. The General's orders that ovening con tained tho convening of a Court Martial for next day nt noon, which in duo courso assembled, and tho culprit was brought bofore it to answer tho charge -of boing drunk on duty. Charlie Stanton was not sobor, and answered the questions put to him in a hazy way, which only made his guilt appear all the moro culpable in the eyes of his judges. Once only during the proceedings, and whon Sorgoant Exley was giving his evi dence, he put up hia hand aa if about to robut the statement, but the president commanded him to bo silent ; nnd so ho remained until tho proceedings termin ated, --.v. Then camo' tho verdict —: "Fifty Lashes." Thero was neither timo nor Benson for any other mode of punishment. Not.a man in the camp but that foil sorry unfortunate prisoner. Yes ? there wan one, hut oven he appeared so. Shammed sympathy with his dupe, and received credit for being a good fellow. Our friend Bob O.iblo looked askanco at the sergeant, and shook his rough pnte. "I cannot understand all this palaver about strapping up Charlie at the gang way," he Aaid. " We'ro not sogers, loast ways not regulars. Damme I I'll see Colonel Bartopp. There's aomothing in the wind that's not fair and above board."—Concluded in our Neit, FLI 