7 ." 7 :/ : (Writtenexpressly for The Illustrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) THE NUN AND THÉ LADY OF WATTON ; OR, THE TWO SPECTRES. " What a charming room ! And a nice queer staircase !*' exclaimed a visitor to Watton, one autumn day. " Whither does that lead ?" " Oh, the stair used to lead down to the, moat. In old days this was a very de- sirable apartment. The secret stair was in demand for fugitives, no doubl." " You can hardly call that a secret stair," said the newcomer. " It is plain enough. "Where is the secret?" " Oh, it is secret, nevertheless. Shut your eyes for a moment, turn round thrice, and then find the staircase I" The visitor smiled, shut her eyes as re- quested, and turned round three times. " Now I am opposite the staircase again, I know," she said. "May I open , my eyes?" " Certainly," was the reply. "There is the staircase. No-there !> Eh I No-why, where is it ? It was plain enough a moment ago. I have made a mistake ; it's behind me ! No ! Why, where is it?" ' The hostess laughed pleasantly. " You can hardly call that a secret stair, you, know," she replied, repeating her friend's remark.. "It is plain. enough ! But where is the secret?" " Don't tease, dear. I confess you have puzzled me. Surely the opening is con- cealed here?" The younger lady touched the wainscot at the place at which she fanoied the open- ing had been. But no spring responded to her touch. « What is the secret?" continued her hostess, who was greatly amused. '< Can- not you penetrate such a transparent mys- tery as that ? How absurd 1" "I will find it out, if I remain here all the afternoon! I mean if I remain up in this room all the time I shall discover it." " Hardly. We shall want you at tea, and certainly must see you at dinner," replied her hostess. " Then you will tell me the secret?" '« Why, what can you mean ? .. You can- not call that a secret, surely P" was the satirical reply. " You are very unkind," was the retort with assumed indignation. *' I will find it out. May I sleep here ?" "If you wish, and are not afraid." " Afraid t Nonsense 1 Afraid pf anyone coming up that stair, do. you mean ?" « Well,- yes ; but if yon would like to have this room during your ata^,.pray occupy it." <: " 1 will," replied. the young lady. «' It is a beautif ully quaint room, panelled too ; such charming wainscoating. Yes, this is the room for me. I will And outflthe secret stairway. There is a panel, is there not ?" " Yes ; in the oak is a 'spring, and one of the panels forms the door. You will never discover it. This room was, no doubt, a 'hiding hole* for priests and other fugi- tives. There are numerous such places, but few so spacious and roomy as this, though it is small." . " Never mind, it will suit me splendidly. I will make it my business to penetrate your little mystery. I dare say I shall hear of a ghost next. Come in."/ A knock at the door announced a ser- vant who had come up in response to a summons by the hostess,, who unperceived had rung the bell. " Oh, Cayley, Miss Morris will sleep here, instead of in the blueropm. Bring up her trunks, please." The servant looked at Miss Morris, as we shall call her here, in some surprise, but made no remark. She received her orders and departed quietly. " That's settled then,*' remarked her hostess. " Now, suppose we go downstairs. You will have plenty of time to practise the pressing of the panel spring, and may eventually find it. Indeed, you are sure to do so-the secret is so very palpable." "You're a wretch," was. the playful reply. " But I will find out all about that room j it is charmingly mysterious, and delightfully ' creepy a splendid apart- ment for a family ghost." The hostess made no reply to this obser- vation. She only smiled and nodded: in a playful manner to her guest. ( Miss Morris accompanied her downstairs. The remainder of the day and the evening passed very pleasantly at Watton Abbey, as the house is now designated. It was then a schoolhouse occupied in the holi- days by some temporary tenants, who took it for the vacation, previously to its trans« formation into a permanent dwelling house for a private family. We do not wish to-attempt to identify any individuals, and need not do so. The picturesque building known now as Watton Abbey was formerly a wealthy priory. Watton is a small place between Beverley and Driffield, in Yorkshire, and the soil is . redolent pf antiquity. There are few or no traces of the. original priory remainiug-the old stones of the establish- ment having been utilised to rebuild or repair -Beverley Minster. But Watton Priory was of very ancient foundation. The name is indicative of dampness-for wet-town, húmida villa, seems to be the derivation. However, wet dr dry, Eustace Eitz-John founded the abbey, or rather refounded it, fdr the original priory had been demolished by the Danes about A.D. 870. There were 13 canons, and 36 nuns of the Gilbertine order,, an order founded by Gilbert of Semperingham, and partaking of a modi- fication of the . Benedictines and . Augus- tinus. This and much more information Miss Morris obtained during the evening con- cerning the old priory, and . surmised that many legends were conneoted with the neighborhood, and even with the com- paratively, modern abbey in . which she was a guest. She learned how the Gil- bertine nuns and canons were " disestab- lished " by Henry VIII. The site of the abbey, or priory, was granted by Edward VI. to John, Earl pf Warwick. James con- ferred it on Sir Thomas Earlkyn, from whom the property passed to the.Bethells. It is composed of brick and stone, and of the Tudor period, surrounded by ancient trees, and quite secluded. The old nun- nery, separated from:the priory by a party wall* was converted into stables, and is known as " The Nuns " enclosure. Not long ago many remains of defences were existent. The abbey is spacious and roomy, and tradition tells of a secret passage be- tween the convent and a holy well, where the nuns performed wonderful cures; Miss Morris having satisfied herself concerning the antiquities of the abbey of which many pages might be written, went upstairs to her. own apartments.: The fire was burning brightly, and the candles were quickly lighted. Her hostess had not sent a maid upstairs, and Miss Morris was about to ring the bell, when she perceived that someone had already lain down in her bed, and left it tumbled. She had mistaken the room, perhaps. No ; she was certain that the room was the same. The panels and windows told her so much. ' But the bed had certainly been disturbed, and looked, as if someone had rested in it Miss Morris stood irresolute. She did not like to make any disturbance so late ; the servants had probably all retired to bed, but on the other hand the young lady did hot care to sleep in tumbled sheets. What oould she do P After a pause she took a candle and care- fully inspected the bedding. All, of course, was perfectly clean and unsoiled, though apparently tumbled. Appaiently, we say ; for after a minute inspection, Miss Morris came to the conclusion that no one could have slept, or even laitt down, on the bed t The maid had perhaps turned down the bed in the dark, and so tumbled the Bheets. Still the effect was peculiar. The chime of midnight aroused Miss Morris from her reverie. She' replaced bei candle on the toilette table, and withoul troubling herself about the secret panel long, she undressed and got into bad. She had mot succeeded in discovering thé secret spring in the wainscot, but she remembered whereabouts the staircase was,* and placed her chair and a «mall trunk in front of it. After awhile she slept. The night wai calm ; nothing disturbed her rest. She slept, and woke up naturally, as it seemed ; but was so wide awake in a moment that she was surprised. There was some faint light in the room j a kind of very subdued moonlight, which doubtless emanated from the slits in the curtain. But in this kind of penumbra Miss Morris was conscious of a figure looking at her. Her first impression was that she was mistaking a shadow for a form, and sat up to satisfy her eyes and other sensés that the impression was only transitory. ' But the longer she looked the more confirmed she became in her first idea. There was somebody there I A female form became more and more de- fined at the foot of the bed ! As the girl gazed in gradually augumenting fear and horror, she discovered that the figure was holding a baby in her arms, and she, the mother of the child, had no visible head ( But at the same moment, by some entirely unaccountable freak of nature, Miss Morris was able to recognise some traces of " features " in the air,*' So to speak, and quite unconnected with the neck and shoulders of the woman nursing the baby in her arms ! The features thus revealed re- sembled those of a portrait in the ante- room. To the horror of the girl she, by degrees, began to perceive that the ghostly visitor had blood upon her clothes. Fascinated, Miss Morris could not move. She could not cry out ; her tongue refused to form any syllable, and her lips declined to utter a sound. There she sat in bed afraid to stir, unable to speak, while all the time two or three terrible minutes-the woman \--the Shape-stood motionless. Miss Morris at length summoned her courage and moved j the spectre did not stir. She moved again ; and then the headless, shrouded form slowly vanished into the gloom of the chamber. No sooner had it gone than Miss Morris rose, struck a light, and inspected the apartment. Nothing was disturbed. The panels were all fixed EB before j the chair and the trunk were there as she had left them; the door was locked, the room empty of any disturbing cause. The mys- tery was apparently inexplicable. " This is a trick," murmured the young lady. " I am satisfied that it is some little plot« Well, we shall see. A stupid joke!" ..'."'"' Nevertheless, she kept a candle alight during the remainder of the night and only eank into a restful sleep when the grey dawn assured her of protection. Miss Morris was astir in good time, how- ever. She had no intention of appearing at breakfast late, or in any way disturbed. She dressed carefully, and then having eome minutes to spare before she need descend, she carefully examined the wainscot, and searched for the panel spring. But all her seeking was fruitless. No trace of door or spring could she find ; and at length, somewhat out of temper, she desoended to the breakfast room, in obedience to the loud-tongued bell. She had made up her mind not to refer to the mysterious visitor of the night, but she quickly perceived that she was an object of some little curiosity to her hos- tess, who alone was aware of the situation of her apartment. But Miss Morris made no remark. She ate her breakfast without in anyway betraying her secret, but all the while determined to" speak her mind " when" opportunity offered. '" The. occasion soon came. After break- fast she found herself alone with her hostess. Miss Morris was engaged in writing' a letter, when her friend came in. " Well, dear, did you find the Secret door ?" was the smiling question, put so innocently and without any appearance of mischief that Miss Morris felt aggrieved.; ' " No, I did not," she replied, somewhat shortly. " But I think that your practical jokes arei certainly ill-timed, to say the least." . .. She turned to her writing again after delivering this shot, and did not see the expression of her companion's face. " I am afraid that I am very stupid this morning;" was the reply in a colder töne. " To what practical joke do you refer P" " Do you mean to tell me that you did not play me a trick last night by means of your secret staircase ? Why the thing is as plain as possible." " Not to me," was the reply. " I hope we are more alive to the duties of hos- pitality than to disturb our guests at night .-or at any other time," replied the lady; « Pray explain.*' " Then you did not play ghost ?" asked Miss Morris, turning round and facing her hostess.. " Certainly nott" was the indignant re- play. " And you aré not aware of anyone who might have done so ?" " Certainly not. Have you seen any- thing ? I watched you carefully during breakfast, but perceived no signs of agita- tion. Come, tell me. Did you see the Ghost?" " Then there is a Ghost. Yes, I saw a Shape clearly. A woman, apparently head- less, and yet some strange undefined like ness seemed present. . I cannot explain it cleary, but I saw something distinctly. A A woman carrying a child, bleeding and dishevelled, stood motionless by my bed and then suddenly vanished. Is the room haunted? " So 'tis said. I have never seen noi heard anything. But we understand thal that room was haunted. You remember I asked you if you were afraid to occupy it?" " Yes j but there is some trick, surely. Why should a ghost, if there be such a thing, come to me ?" : " lt is supposed to haunt the room. 1 will tell you the story exactly. Some people hav'i seen one figure and som« another. .There, are two spectres re- ported," <. Oh, let me hear the tale ! No time lik< the present. We aré . alone, now, and I an full of curiosity." " Well," replied her hostess, seating herself, " I must first assure you that w< are no parties to any trickery. . The figur. has been seen before; it is quite harmlesE and is in no degree annoying. But ¡ terrible and true tale, is associated with th ancient, nunnery. . I need not enter int derails of it. Suffice it to say that a nn] once forgot her vows, fell in love, and wa discovered. She was, as well as her love] cruelly punished ; and her spirit, carryin¡ her infant, still moves, restless, through the precincts of the abbey. She is.know locally as the * Headless Nun.'" , «J,Poor thing," sighed Miss Morris wit ready sympathy. " But is the other ghof also headless ?" " Yes : whether there are two spectrei as some people aver, or only one I cannc positively sa}. The account of the heac less lady is a matter of history, and thai . can. be no doubt about some, apparitioi The story is as follows : " In the time of the unfortunate Kin Charles, and after the fight of, Marsto Moor,, a party of Roundheads came plui dering; and threatening slaughter throug , the Bidings. In the course of their graci less pilgrimage they lighted , on Watte Abbey, then tenanted by a devoted Royalia and a fervent Roman Catholic, famil; The .Lord of Watton was absent on dui bound, servir g the King, when the band < Puritan soldiers came to the neighborhoc \ of the abbey. .? . . " The. Lady of . Watton had .no def enc : Her few servants could ¡not protect h from the armed and bigoted band of. mc .. who ¡ were approaching . from Driffiel Moreover her child was but an infant ; si could not carry him away in safety, as she would not desert her charge, her hu band's house and property. ... Y . " Messengers ; came back -.with, the. drea< ful news that the Roundheads we pillaging and slaving all they could reach. No quarter 'was extended tb the ' malig- nants/ ' and those otj the old faith were most hardly dealt with, as you may imagine. The châtelaine did not know what to do, but at length she shut herself up with her infant in the room you occu- pied last-night, with her jewels and * pos- sessions, -having' carefully concealed the plate and other valuables elsewhere; " The Roundheads were not long in coming, they demanded admission, but were refused; The stout doors resisted their efforts; they had no means to batter the portal down, withal, and were appar* ently foiled, when one party, whose vision was quicker than the other, espied yonder arch by the moat. A consultation resulted in a search ; and by the archway they dis- covered the secret passage which leads up to the room. " They could perceive the stair, but had no means of crossing the moat, until they sought out an old boat in the reeds. In that they put off, and shoved them- selves across the water, with their partisans. Up the secret stair they pressed, and soon reached the panel which terminates it. Of course it was fastened securely. A loud demand for ad- mission was unheeded. In a few moments the panel was dashed in, and the lady was discovered kneeling before a little shrine and imploring the protection of the Virgin. i . ' "This maddened the bigoted Round- heads, who swarmed into the room, furious " A female form became more and, more t e > the figure, with no visible Head, was holding a baby in her arms." ^ ' and covetous ; but the lady of Watton calmly rose from ber knees, ber child in her arms, and scornfully demanded the reason for their intrusion; " ' "What do ye here ?' she cried. ' Depart if ye be men, and leave me in peace 1' " ' Not so/ replied the spokesman with much unction and assumed sanctity. 'We haye come hither in the name of the Lord, to spoil the Egyptians ; to smite to the earth 'the worshippers of false gods and idols, and to clear put the abominations of the heathen.' " ' Begone, ye wolves in sheep's clothing, ye mockers of all that is holy. Your step is a profanation to the house ! You das- tard '. crew, who slay the unprotected and the aged, and plunder the innocent and defenceless. For shame I Cowards as ye are, you blaspheme your Maker; Begone !* ' "This defiance, hurled so scornfully at the Roundheads, who hands were already . crimson with murder, rendered them still more savage. " Silence, spawn of Satan ! Be advised, and rail not. ' We will hot harm, you, off- spring of the Scarlet Woman though yon be, if yon respect1 thé anointed of the Lord, and deliver up your possessions. Youi keys, woman of Belial, and be silent.' " ' Never I ' wretches, murderers, that yoi are 1 I will proclaim your infamy with m j latest breath ! Oh, if but my dear husbanc were present he would chase you all lik< sheep before him* Robbers,; marauders ! Go ! You shall none of my possessions !' " ' Hold your tongue/ ' whispered one , seising her arm roughly* * We brook no such language. Where are your valua- bles?' Seek them y ourselves-And them; if . yon can, you canting, crew,. Aha I1- Find them, you cowards, villains I' '*' Stand aside ! Mow down the scornful jade:-the woman of Belial. Slay her even with the sword, and cast her body tb the. dogs. Slay the devil's spawn. Give place ! " The murderous Roundheads needed little incitement* One caught the uncon scious infant from his mother's arms, and swinging it by its legs, dashed it against the wall, .while the rest of the band fell upon the distracted lady and hewed her head off, af ter dealing her many wounds. She fell beside her dead child upon the crimsoned floor,- and i the. Roundheads, having destroyed the shrine, and pillaged the apartments, dispersed about the abbey seeking plunder/ The terrified, servants fled in all directions ; the bold Puritans" ate, drank, destroyed, and pillaged, carry- ing off all they could convey of plate and plunder before nightfall. They did not fire the mansion, but quitted it, dismantled, leaving in the wainscotted chamber up- stairs the headless woman and her mur- dered, infant child." . . . " That is the story," concluded the nar- rator, af ter a pause, "and a terrible tale it is. The unfortunate lady of Watton still haunts the - scene of her death, and if you wish I will now show you .the secret staircase leading to . the old moat, how filled UP." Miss Morris remained silent for awhile, At length alie rose and followed her hostess up the stairs to the apartment; in which the terrible, incidents related had taken place. Her conductor, scarcely pausing, pressed her finger against a particular portion of the graining of the oak. The panel flew open, and disclosed a worn and winding ..flight of steps leading down to the level of the moat. " There is the secret,'* said the hostess. " You need not descend-there is nothing to see. But this room has a strange history : if its panelled walls could cry out, they would tell us; many a dismal tale of hiding and; of search, pf fugitive and pri- soner!" "And so this is the haunted room?" mused Miss Morris. " It is very singular. I am positive I saw the ghost. You; must bear me witness that I knew nothing of the oharaoter of the apartment when I volunteered to occupy it." " fro : I do not think you possibly could have heard of it. There is the portrait-it is considered to be the likeness of the un- fortunate lady who was so ruthlessly mur- dered by the soldiers." " Indeed !" exclaimed Miss Morris, cross- ing to the other side of the room to inspeot the painting. " Very ourious ! But I want the explanation of another curious circum- stance. ?. How was it that I found my bed- clothes so tumbled when I came upstirs last night P" " Were they . disturbed ?" asked the hostess,, quickly. " Much tumbled ?" " Yes ; as if someone had attempted to get into the bed. Pardon me, but jour housemaid ia. not remarkable for her skill . in arranging beds !" Vit was not her fault," was the unex- pected reply. «' It was the warning of the Headless Lady !" K 41 Do you mean--" began the visitor. " I mean this : Many times, when no one has occupied the room, and when no sheets are on the bed, we have found the bed- clothes disarranged asif someone has slept within them. - Tradition sa* s that the Headless Nun, or the ill- fated lady and her infant, come hither and rest in the old apartment. But this has not been before in my time. The Ghost has not disturbed us, and we only know of t it ¿by hearsay. But all the facts in connection with.the place are in your possession. Will you come down again now ?" Miss Morris assented, and, with a sweep- ing glance, took her farewell of the apart- ment sacred to the memory of the apparition of the Lady of Watton. ». " [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] Mr. Grant Allen's working life is ar- ranged with machine-like regularity. He lets nothing interfere with his writing, which is all '? done in a tiny study on a plain wooden, desk, made to order' for its .possessor. ? He produces, roughly speaking, two novels a year, many short stories, a number of review articles, and a consider- able amount of general journalistic work. ; * * /"-I',".'--.., * The favorite wife of the Sultan was once a poor? girl, living in the coal mines of France. She was a beautiful girl, as she is now a beautiful woman, «and some charitable person found her occupation in a famous dressmaking establishment in Paris, where her superior intelligence soon made her madame's most valuable assis- tant, and she was sent to Constantinople with dresses ordered by. the Sultan's mother. Nothing more was heard of her for many years, until a little inheritance was left her by a relative, and notices were published asking for her whereabouts; In answer to these notices a wonderful equipage, escorted by mounted eunuchs, stopped at the door of the Embassy, and the Sultan's wife stepped down to declare herself the once Flora Collin and renounce the legacy in favor of her kindred, who were still poor. It was the old story, of love at first sight between the Sultan and the beautiful modiste. . * * PROUD FATHER : <« Always be a good boy and mind your teacher, and some day you may be Premier of New South. Wales." JOHNNY : " I don't want to be a Premier." PROUD FATHER : " What do you want to be?" JOHNNY: "I want to be a mounted trooper." 