literary collaboration i mr. waijter rksant in the " new review." In tho Fobruary number of tho If etc Review, Mr. Walter Bcsant lays down somo oounscls of perfection for the guidanco of novoHsts who write, or think thoy would liko to write, in collaboration. Ho declines to toll us his own relations with tho late Mr. Rico ; but ho sots out with a littlo porsonal experience . In tiio autumn of 1889 (ho writes) I was ro- quanted by Wllkie Collins, then in his last illness, to complete liis novol called lilind Love. I was at tlio time in Yorkshire, and could not' talk ovor tlio work with liim, ond, besides, iio was himself too ill for the mental effort of dis cussion. He, therefore, sont mo proofs of tire part already complotcd, and a detailed scenario of tho rest. Understand, therefore, that I was only in pnrt collaborator, becauso tlio story was comploto In notes, construction, charac ter, and even fragments of dialogue, without ony assistance of mino. All was dono but the writing. My chief duty, there fore, was, if possible, to carry on tho Btory to tlio ond without nny obvious break in the stylo. Now, had I revealed, on tho publication of tho book, tho exact place whero one hand ended and tho othor began, thoro would have boon a ohance — much loo good to bo lost— for tlio sagacious oritio to point out tho dcplorablo effoot produced by tho differcnco in stylo. -Iio could uot havo resisted tho tomptntion — ho would have laid his unerring finger upon that spot ; ho would .havo called attention to tho obvious oliango of style, boginning thoro; ho would havo iusistod on . tho injury dono to tho book by this change. Theroforo, knowing what would happen were I to fall into this trap, I wob oareful in tho profaoo to avoid any indication of tire spot where this doplorable only observed that doubtless tlio sagacious oritio would really find out tire placo for him self. No sagacious oritio accepted tho invita tion ; no ono ovon attcmptod to lay his fingor on tlio placo. One, a lady, pointed out to mo privately oortain flmali indications of my handi work towards tlio end of tho book, hilt sho could not discover tho placo whoro Wilkio Collins endod. This, then, was a caso, I sub mit, in which tlio mannor and mothod of collab oration woro known, and yet tho writing did not suggest— at nil ovents immediately, so as to offend tire render — nnolhor hand. If it did, no crilio said so. And if nny oritio had said ao, I shonld linvo invited him to xreint .out where tho foreign element, enmo in. Tho two partners may tako -turn about, if they please, in revising, or even iu writing (Mr. Eesnnt thinks). A truo literary partnership is quite consistent witli suoh- an- arrangement of tho work. Tire presentment of tire story must socm to ho by ono man. No ono would iiBtou to two men tolling it togctlior. "We must hear— or think wo hear — ono voice. Thoreforo ono man must ftnnlly revise, or ovon writo, tlio wholo work. Now this 1b tlio rock oil whioh many literary part nerships got . wrecked, nnd lovo's labor is loot. Tlio partners oonceivo that oaoh must write as muoh as tho othor. For instanco, there was sent to mo tho othor day u MS. novel written in partnership, with tho usual request that I would road it aud givo an opinion on it; in othor words, that I would saorifioo two wholo days to tho task of making two lifelong enomias. Tho authors of this work (which has not yot soon tho light) had carefully arranged their fable and thoir characters. But, unfortunntoly, thoy procooded to mako tho great xnistako of writing it in altornnto chapters. Now, tho stylo of ono was not in tire least like' tho stylo pf tho other ; tho effcot was that of two mon taking turns to toll tho same ' story, each in his own way and from liis own, -point of view. Nothing could, .have boon njoo(i;grotcsquo, nothing more inoffootiyo; ' Every 'ono of the ahnrnbters talked with two voices and two brains > aiid - had two faces. . -Tho '"tiling was 'a horrid nightmare. Consider tlio work: ' before a partnership ongaged upon a novel. Onb of tho two must contribute lire leading motif : of tlio work. Hero wo'hnvo tire infant. It is net possiblo for n ohild to have two mother.', but a. child may be watched, trained, educated and moulded by two women. For a single child with, two nursos .'sub stitute a group with two diropt.ors, Tlio first idoa suggests loading situations these' suggest obarnctors ; theso again othcr.,cUaracters. In tire disoussions concerning these'' it. is obvious that , thoro , must bo mduy. h divoigeucios into paths perilous, many turnings .lih'qk, many exporlmonts, many failures, many happy dis coveries, many chocks, .before tho whole is con- eluded. Surely, when two minds aro engaged in producing this result, both inay bo called partners iri tbo work. But thero'.is-mucii more. Whon tire sconnrio is finally arrangod consider what oaoh partner may farther' put into the work. Nothing can ho got out' ofV work of art oxcopt what has beon put into it.-. It will bo tbo function of each to contribute nil ire can, without stint, of knowledge, of reaollootion, of experience, of fancy, of -suggestion. If ho has travelled, his travels : furnish a mino . of observation; if he haB-.gone' about aiming mon, nnd travelled with his cars and eyes open, to mark, learn and inwardly digest, he lias all tlint experience ;'lre.' has, perhaps, read thousands of hooks; ire. hos, porhans, known many strange characters ; he has had experiences, ndvonturcs, follies ; ho ires heard tlio midnight bells; ire has feasted and caroused ; be lmows what wn snilly call tlio fleeting joys ; ho lias loved and bpec lo'ved. If he throws into tlic_work all the horv.bst'of his lifo, shall ho not bo callud a partner ? . Novelists are always being accused of stealing plots or characters. A man once called upon lire to rcmonsti ato tearfully with mo on iny custom, which, lie said, I could not deny, of stealing his ideas by moans of hypnotism. I have also rccoivcd dozens of proposals from .persons wish ing to pntor into partnership witli me. Ono.mun offers a magnificent plot on tlio trifling condition that his name shall appear on tire titlo pago as collaborator. It is difficult to make this person understand tlint inuoh moro than a plot must be oxpoctcd of a partner. Another sends a bulky MS. If I will only revise it nnd put his name with mine on tho title page it is at my service. That innn cannot understand thut tlio work of an editor is not the work of collaboration. A third simply puts himself, liis genius, his experience, his reputation — all — at my service in return for litornry partnership. That man .cannot under stand that one would as soon offer to marry a girl met onco at an evoning party — or porlinps novor mot at all — ns to tako into pnrtuorship a ' oomploto stranger. Tire ghost (Air. Bezant finds) is becoming quito an institution in these daye. In con- ' fidontinl talks with persons " down below, " in tho lower works of literature, one lights upou tho ghost in a vory surprising manner. Tire ghost himself, to- keep up tire -pretence, culls it conducted research or making notes. Some times ho koops nbsoluto "silcnco on tlio uulijcot. Iu reality ho," does the wholo work, and liis employer puts his name to it One such employer — ono such ghost— I hoard of tlio other day. The ghost was a young lady, clover and unknown. She conducted tire research for her omployor and gnvo him hor "notes," which subsequently npjioarcd in a magazine just as. 'sho had sent it in, with his name, and 110 other alteration or nddition at all ; and a vory creditable pieoe of work it was. Ambition tempts mon to fall into tlio abyss of engaging tlio sorvioes of tho ghost. Poverty tompte othor mon — and women — to ennot this spectral part. Mr. Bebant ends up with n sly bit of wicked ness : — There is ono kind of collaboration wliioh may ho rocommonded vory strongly to every young literary workman. I wouid advise him to find among his friends— couninu, sister's friends —a girl, intelligent, sympathetic nnd quick ; a girl who .would lend liiin hor .ear, listen to his jilot nnd discuss his ohoraotors. Perhaps ho would like to got engaged to hor — that _ is a detail ; if he docs it might not tho collaboration. Sho would bo n girl of quick imagination wire does not, or cannot, writo : there aro still, happily, many suoh girls. When lie Ires confided to her his characters ail in tho rough, with tire part thoy havo to play all in tho rough, lio may reckon on presently getting them back again, but advanced— muoh less in the rough. Woman does not oroato, hut she receives, moi'ilils and develops. Tlio figures will go baok to their creator distinct and clear — 110 longer shivering unclothed, but mndo up nnd dressed for tlio stago. Merely by talking with this girl ovary- thing that was oliaotia falls into order; the characters, whioh woro dim and shapoless, booomo alivo, full grown, nrtioulntc. 