CURRENT TOPICS; Tiir secretary of tho National Association has given au explanation of what tho body moans by a voto for thrift. Ho says " property in tho nutin represents tho resalts of industry and thrift, therefore propery deserves Bpecial re presentation." But by property iB not meant real estate alone. " Any evi dence of a man's thrift should bo included under tho term. With the squatter's station shbuld be includod the artisan's co'ttage, savings bank account, ljfcs insurance policy, a Crown lcaso or section, length of residence for a certain term in oho tenement or clectorato (which indicates fixity end stability), and a thousand and one othor matters, all of which . are evidonoes of a man's stako or interest in tho country." Now the object of tho vote for thrift movoment is to prevent the thriftless, amongst whom are includod loafers, sun downers, gaol-birds, habitual offenders, drunkards, , spendthrifts, and spongers in general on society, from controlling publio affairs. If the National Association does not feel thai it has mado itself ridicu lous by its definitions and reasons it cer tainly ought to. It took up tho voto for j thrift fad without having subjected it to even a superficial investigation. It did so, of course, bocause it believed thqs tho working classes were getting too much political power, and that it was necessary in the interests of tho country to alter that state of things. But it soon saw that there was not the ghost of a chance of property, as the term is generally understood, being allowed special privileges under any new electoral system that might bo established, and, therefore, to popularise its scheme, it decided to make the definition . of thrift so comprehensive that multitudes of men who had not saved a £10-note, or who did not possess a foot of land, might be in« eluded amongst thrifty people. The National Association would give two votes each to about sevon-eighths of the electors in Now South Wales. That being the case, the pub- lie will probably be unable to seo that tho scheme of the association would have a dif ferent effeot on our political life from that of tho one man ono vote system. Speak ing on behalf of the association, tho socf e- tary protests against tho doctrine that a man is entitled to a vote bccauso of his manhood, and yet he is willing that sundowners, loafers, drunkards, spendthrifts, spongers and gaol-birds should have votcB; and, as we' have remarked, it is to neutralise the power of these people that the associa tion proposes to give a dual vote to the thrifty. Everybody knows the story of the sailor who questioned a preacher concerning a statement made by the latter to the effect that tho devil was chained. It was good news to the son of Neptune, but when in answer to his question the preacher said that tho devil's chain extended all over tho world, the sailor made tho natural remark that in his opinion the lubber might as well bo loose. Mr. Errs' definition of thrift is so comprehensive that it excludes hardly any body, and therefore the vote for thrift scheme is not worth fighting for. Doubtless the Conciliation and Arbitration Bill will pass its second reading by a very largo majority, if not unanimously, but indi cations have been given that somo import ant alterations will be made in committee. As wo expected would be tho oase, . opposition lias been started in tho House to the proposal to pay the president of tho arbitration court £2000 a year. Of course, everybody recognises the necessity of getting a first-rate man for the position, but such a man could be ob tained for a smaller salary. If tho court wero to sit as frequently as tho Land Court, the salary proposed would not be too large, but the general belief is tlmt it would not be- required to Bit for more than a few' weeks in every year ; and under these circumstances it would be ridiculous to pay tho president £2000 por annum. Whilst all the speakeis who took part in the debate yestqrday evening expressed their intention of voting for the second reading of tlie bill most of "them appeared- to be soeptica regarding the utility of the measure. They doubted whether, if it becamo law, it would have the effeot of preventing strikes. Of the labor members who took part in the debate sevoral made it quite clear that tho bill was a profound mystery to them. Whatever may be said concerning the details of the measure, it is generally ad mitted that the bill is an honest endeavor to carry out the recommendations made by the Strikes Commission, and in introducing it the Government has kept faith with the House and the country. , 