AUSTRALIAN MYTHS, Tho Australian aborigines havo a ourious myth with rogard to tho origin of wator. They say that originally there was no water in Austrnlia. Thoy got along very oomfortably without it till ono day somo adventurous spirit pr'ocure it. A solemn conalavo was hold, and thoy determined to apply to tho oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to bo pursued to attain their objeot. Tbo venerable nativo listened to thoir aomplaint and told thom that the wator was contained in tho stomach of a gigan'tio toad which lived in a cave at tho top of ono of thoir highest mountains. All that . was required was to mako him laugh, when the wator. would run out of his mouth. Another groat consultation was hold, when it was dooided that all the animals should bo asked to givo their oo-6paration to obtain the desired result. This thoy readily agreed to, and nativos and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their powors in tho way oflaugh raising. Tho first to make tho essay was tho ass. He brayed so loud; that he might have been a demagoguo expatiating on. the crimes' of tho olnsscs as against tho virtues of tho masses. He shook his long oars till they rattled agaiu,' ho kiokod his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, ho cut tho most fantastic oapora, all to no tiso, and tho toad did nob so muoh as wink au eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and tho cook shruttcd iip with, a solf satisfied air as though ho aud ho aloue knew tho secret of how to make tho toad laugh. But, alas for tho vanity of foathored aspirationsj'his orowiiig and flapping of wings had no ihoro olfoct thaii his predecessor's braying, and ho too retired discamfltod. One after the othor all tho animals, birds aud fishes tried their best to raiso a laugh, but with no bettor suooess.. At. last when everybody was boginiiing ,,tp dospair , came tho eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strango to relate, the toad blinked ah eyelid and watohod its contortions. Seoing this tho ool raised himself into an aroli and walked along on his head and his tail. Those watching tho gigantio toad sow tho muscles of his mouth begin to quivor. Now the ool twisted himsolf into a single knot and walkod solely oh his hond. Lo ! aud bohold tho toad smiled, and oat of caoh side of his mouth wator began to tricklo dowu. Sooing this the oel redoubled his efforts ; ho twiBted himsolf into a double knot and walked jauntily along on his head and his tail. This extraordinary per formance was too muoh for tho toad ; ho openod his mouth, and laughed loud and long. Out gushed, the water in a mighty torrent dowu tho mountainsido, and spreading over tho oountry formed rivers, lakos and pools ; and down, too, oamo tho natives rejoicing that at last thoy would have ah abundanoo of wator. Tho following story shows that ghosts oan bo vindiotivo in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they ones inhabitod. A man travelling in tho oountry of a friondly tribe came upon a desertod habitation. Abovo tho door- way ho saw the usual crooked stiok, pointing in tho dirootion tho family had taken, and all round about the plaoo piooos of bark covered with whito olay, indicating a death. Ho found traoks load ing to a trco in wbioh ho soon discovered a doad body. Anxious to know who had died lio laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of the troo and ascended it. On removing tho opossum rug from tho faoe ho found that it was a friond. Ho wept for a long timo, thon wont away. Ho had not gone far whon he hoard somo magpies making a groat noise as though thoy saw some thing strange.. Ho turned to see what it was, and to his terror 'saw tho ghost of tho deceased oomo down aud follow him. Ho was so torrifled ho oould not movo, hub managed to address it ia thoso terms : " Why do you frightou mo whon I have oomo to soo you and novor did you any harm?" It nover spoke, ,but; followed him for a considerable distance, scratching his bnok with its nails, and tlivi returned to tlio tree. When jia'fenahad his friends ho told thom what hod happened, sliowcdithom his book laoeiatod and bleeding j and said' be had a presentiment , that something bad. would -befall .hint before long. At tho noxt meeting of tliotiibos lib was siren, 1 through tho heart.- —Bcljravia. 