"'HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION ?" Noew, which is the worse-to have no appetite for our dinner, or to have no dinner for your !Ihere am lots of people on theone side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. iust moat of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an appe tte, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folks will answer this ques. tion differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to avae an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alteration and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munleation In which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. IIesays, "In the year 1889I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted baso thateordinary articlesof diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another and none was goods My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offontivo and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our frienddid not do his meals justico. He adds that there was what he calls " a prick ing sensation" as his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times be was attacked withspasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded," he says "the .'thought of eating, and many a meal I made, for I was fraid to eat." "After a time Igot into a low, weak,nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." * What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was duo, as he intimates, to the im poverished state of his blood (the life bearer) his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always fall of ghosts and goblins t*he creatures of a restless and ungoverned Imagination. "With great difficulty," he says, "I stnck to 'my wyork for I had a wife and family depending on me. o I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. I am sure no one has slfered so much as I hes doneY' In the latter statement he:is undoubtedly wrong. One's own. pain is one's own, and is always harder' to boar than is one's notion of hie neighbour's pain. There is a countlessmal titude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after alt medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to readin a book of a caseo eactly like his own having been cured by Mother lSoigol's Syrup: " My wife " he says, "got me a bottle at Mr Laegstal'e, in Woodiesford, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Rallway Company for eleven years. (Bigned) "R Gono HUNT, " Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr lunt's desire, in order that part of the world at leat may know how thankful he s and for what reeson. 