' PASTOBAL LETTEE ON MISSIONS. To my Bight Eev. and Bev. Brethren of the1 Clergy, and to my honoured brethren of the laity, members of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, with brotherly greeting and regard. The appointment of a general secretary to the Australian Board of Missions in accordance with Determination No. V., passed at the General Synod last year, would, in any case, have made it desirable that I 'should address the members of our communion in Australia and Tasmania on the subject of giving a more hearty and universal support to the work of the Board; but a recent sorrowful event in the history of the Mission work of our Church makes it specially desirable, and an urgent duty that I should issue such an appeal. The actual commencement of the New Guinea Mission has, in the mysterious providence of God, been all too speedily (as we might feel disposed to say) followed by the death of the energetic leader of the Mission, the Bev. A. A. Maclaren. The blow is a heavy and unexpected one, but it should surely be regarded as an incentive to more zealous effort and self-sacrifice. The work of that particular Mission must not be allowed to cease; it must be earnestly fostered and followed ?up. The Bev. Copland King is on his way back to the Mission to report the state of affairs, and it is hoped that before long the Execu tive may. be able to lay before the Churoh well-considered plans for carrying on the work in New Guinea. There are also older Missions, such as the Chinese Missions in Sydney and Brisbane, and newer Missions, as that to the Aboriginals in North _ Queensland and the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, and to the Chinese in Eiverina, which deserve sympathy and support. Great are the opportunities offered to our Church in Australia for evangelising the heathen in our territories, and it will be sin and shame to us if we fail to use these opportunities. It should be clearly understood that when I make a special appeal for Missions officially connected with the Board of Missions, I am not wishing in any way to diminish the interest felt in, or the support given to, other Missions , not sp officially connected. It is the duty of the Board of Missions — i.e., the Bishops forming ' The House of Bishops in the General Synod' — to assist in carrying on the Missions established by the Church of England through her ?Missionary Societies, to co-operate in supporting the Melanesiah .-Mission and other Missions to the heathen, and generally to further unity of effort in the Missions of the Church, as well as to superintend through the Executive Council particular Missions such as those already enumerated. We want a far deeper, a more widespread, more comprehensive spirit of missionary zeal than at present exists if the Church of England in these colonies is to act up to her high privileges. I may be allowed, however, as Primate, to press upon the special attention of the Church the Missions which have been formed and recognised ?by the united action of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. In order to increase the efficiency of the work needed for maintain ing these Missions, as well as to deepen the missionary spirit generally, thp. Ttp.v. fJannn F. T. Whitincrton. LL.B.. has been armointed to the post of general secretary. His duty will be to visit in course of time, as God wills, all the dioceses, and to arouse interest, stir up zeal, and organise effort. One important object which he is instructed to have in view is to raise a general fund, out of which the expenditure needed for organising, connecting, and maintaining the various 'departments of the missionary work undertaken by the Board maybe defrayed. For present purposes it is estimated that an income of at least £4000 will be required. Should the sum needed for particular missions be exceeded, other local Church of England agencies could be assisted, and the great societies, the S.P.G. and C.M.S. (to the former of which 'the Australian Colonies owe a debt of gratitude for large pecuniary assistance in former years), might hope to receive some distinct recognition from the Board of Missions acting on behalf of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania. I very earnestly ask all Churchmen and Churchwomen in the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania to take to heart the very important work which they can do for the spread of Christ's Gospel, if they will unitedly and universally support the action of the Board of Missions : — (1) By keeping up, through Diocesan Corresponding Committees, on oofixro irifcarocf. in rmo nv mnro nniHainTiti.w n.rrp.rt/-ipa on/I missions. I (2) By co-operating zealously with the General Secretary in his v endeavours to spread and consolidate the missionary work already commenced, and to provide a large general fund, to be the backbone of united missionary effort on the part of the Church of England in our Australian Colonies. ' May God inspire us all so that we may show greater diligence, and thoughtfulnesB, and self-sacrifice in obeying our Lord's command, to ?'make disciples of all the nations, baptising theminto the nameof the V Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' ; Wm. Sz. Sydney, Primate. Sydney, March 28th, 1892. . 