The Advertiser MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1892. THE Commissioners of Audit cannot get their reports read or, if read, attended to. It is nearly six years ago that they first directed attention to the unsatisfactory 1870\. The receipts of which it is com- posed were previously dealt with under the Police Act of 1863, which directed that the proceeds of all forfeitures, penalties, or seizures to which members of the force were entitled under the Act should go to a general fund, to be dis- tributed among the officers and men at the end of every year in accordance with regulations. This annual distribution was suspended for three years, and finally abolished in 1870, when by the existing Police Act it was directed that the ac- cumulated funds and all future receipts should be held in trust as a fund for pro- viding retiring allowances on the prin- ciples of the Civil Service Act and the payment of rewards for meritorious services. By regulation it was fixed that the retiring allowance payable should be a sum equal to one month's salary for every year of service since January 1, 1807. The Government at the same time were protected by a provision that the general revenue should not be liable to meet claims which the fund was unable to satisfy. Incredible as it may appear, it is pretty well certain that no steps could have been taken to as- certain whether the receipts were likely to be sufficient for the purposes of the fund. Had any enquiry been made it must have been seen that the fund was practically insolvent from the outset. At that time a single month's pay amounted to con- siderably more than the accumulated receipts for three years; the accrued liability during the same period was four times as great as the revenue ; and the receipts for 1870 would not have been sufficient to pay 5s. in the pound on the added liability for the same year. Nor could it have been reasonably assumed, as the Audit Commissioners have further pointed out, that the receipts would ever overtake the constantly in- creasing liabilities. The mere ability to meet actual claims, as they have been met for the past twenty years, was no indica- tion of solvency in the absence of proper provision for the still heavier liabilities already accrued and still accumulating. The balance of the fund might be ample to meet all demands for many years, but sooner or later the crash was certain to come. For a time there was a delusive appearance of prosperity. That is to say, the fund had few claims to meet and the balance in hand grew rapidly, but the prospective liabilities increased at a far greater rate. The fund reached its highest point at the end of 1885, when the balance was £6,427. Ever since then it has gradually been falling off, and on June 30 last the net amount in hand was reduced to £4,478. Up to the same date the total accrued liability under the police regulations was £52,101, and so far from the receipts promising at any future time to rehabilitate the fund the continued increase of its indebtedness is making it every day more hopelessly in- solvent than ever. Undoubtedly when retiring allowances in the Civil Service were abolished the Police Fund should have been recon- structed. It appears that officers of the department who were five years in the service before the end of 1881 have their choice of coming either under the Civil Service Acts or the police regulations. The total claim under the former is £18,075, while the alternative claim under the latter is £24,462. To the ex- tent of the former sum the revenue is absolutely liable, but so long as the Police Fund, as at present administered, is able to meet their claims retiring officers will naturally make the choice that pays them best. Even if the Police Fund fails them the older officers are at any rate sure of £18,075. The 230 newer men whose claims amount to a total of £27,642 have, however, no such security, for there is no legal liability to pay them. The uncertain position in which they are placed, as well as the public expediency of checking the growth of an indebtedness that can never be met by the fund on its present basis, is a strong argument in favor of immediate action on the lines proposed by the Commissioners of Audit. The case, as they say, is one for com- promise, and the longer this is deferred the larger will be the amount that will have to be arranged for. The most feasible arrangement is the continuation of the fund on revised conditions, the Government making good whatever amounts ought to have been re- served. This is necessary to do justice to members of the force whose share of the Assets has been im- properly encroached on by past payments in full satisfaction of claims. Then, for the future, retiring allowances must be fixed on the basis of the actual resources of the fund, so that it shall not again be come insolvent. Details of an equitable scheme of compromise can be worked out with little difficulty, and there is no excuse for further delay in undertaking the inevitable task of reconstruction. condition of the Police Fund and urged its reorganisation. But nothing was done beyond an amendment of the regulations, altogether too insignificant to meet the exigencies of the case. The fund con- tinued going from bad to worse, and in 1889 was made by the Commissioners the subject of a special report to the Govern- ment, but still no action was taken. Since then the matter has been dealt with at more or less length iv each of the annual reports presented by the Commissioners to Parliament. It appears that the late' Government was sufficiently impressed with its importance to give instructions for the preparation of a Bill, the object of which was to provide for the accrued liabilities to the end of 1891 and for the re-establish ment of the fund on a new basis from that date. Nothing, however, has been heard of the measure since, and it is pretty certain that it will not come before Parliament this session. Meanwhile the liability of the fund is constantly increas- ing, it is being administered in the interests of retiring officers and the relatives of deceased officers as though it were absolutely solvent, and actually it is bankrupt. There is a provision in the Police Act that no person shall have any claim against the general revenue in the event of the fund proving insufficient to satisfy all claims upon it, but it is absurd to suppose that this relieves the Government from the responsibility of seeing that the fund is worked on equit- able principles. On the other hand, if there is the slightest intention to exercise the power of repudiation, the necessity of an arrangement for fair distribution of the assets among those entitled to share is apparent. The last payment from the fund in 1891-2 was that of a sum of £470 0s. 8d. to the relatives of a deceased officer. This, as the Audit Commis- sioners observe, would be right enough if all recognised claims are to be treated in the same way. But, on the contrary supposition, the injustice of giving one claimant a tenth of the available assets, while there are 314 others entitled to participate, is manifest. The Govern- ment will be obliged to recognise the moral if not the legal claims of the officers remaining in the service, and if they wish to put a stop to liabilities which are in creasing at an alarming rate year by year the entire reorganisation of the fund is au imperative necessity. The Police Fund was established in If the spirits of the departed revisit this terrestrial scene they must be thank- ful that they can do so under the cloak of invisibility. As a general rule their virtues are made so prominent by their surviving friends and their failings allowed to retire so far into the background that they would hardly recognise the popular presentment of themselves. Many a ghost in front of his own epitaph or when j reading his biography would blush crini-; son through all his conventional pallor, j The proverb which teaches us to speak only good of the dead is commonly] accepted as being in good taste and is usually acted upon with much strictness.' Occasionally, however, there is a wide de parture from the rule, and it is seldom more pronounced than when the will of the deceased is contested by dis appointed and disgusted survivors. If the the shades of the late Thomas Walsh of Collingwood, and iiobert Dixson formerly of Adelaide, have any means of knowing about the proceedings in connection] with their testamentary arrange-: inents they must hare had a! bad time of it. The former of these was a widower of 78 with children! and grown-up grandchildren. He was a devout Catholic, who had for a consider able time lived the life almost of a re cluse. He seems to have had a terrible dread of death, and to have spent most of his time in making due preparation for that event. In addition to attending morning masses even when bis infirmities were so great that his priest sought to dissuade him from doing so he spent much of his time in prayer. By diligent and careful industry he had amassed a fortune of about £18,000, for the proper disposal of which he felt a good deal of responsibility. Proofs of his kindly feel ings towards his descendants were fur nished by numerous gifts of money and other generous actions, while at the same time his charities took a wider raniio in the form of liberal dona tions to various churches and philan thropise institutions. What a pity that the memory of such a man should not be allowed to rest in peace! The trouble came through a will having been executed by the visiting priest when the old man was suiting to his last sleep. By this instrument (some expectant legatees were-omitted, others received only email sums, three-eighths of the remainder was designated fur the family, and five- eighths for Catholic institutions. The action taken to upset the will was based on the ground of the testator's incapacity at the time. To establish this contention the good old man's character was turned in side out, fiis peculiarities and eccentrici ties were detailed, the family skeletons draped out of their respective cupboards, aud the family liistory exposed with all its lights and shadows. The final effect was to set aside the will for the reasons alleged, aud between £10,000 and £'l'2,'ilK) reverts to the family that would have gone iuto the funds of the church. This case, however, is a mere bagatelle for sensationalism compared with that of the late 31 r. Diison's will which is now being heard. To begin with, the amount involved is considerably larger. The total value of Mr. Dixson's estate is about £40,000. Bj the terms of the will which is now beiiig contested £9,000 is con veyed for the benefit of the widow and children, according to the terms of a deed executed two years previously, and the bulk of the remainder goes to the Mel bourne University for the purpose of founding "Dixson scholarships" in chemistry, experimental physics, mathe tnathics, and engineering. Probate of the will is opposed by the widow and > children on the ground that the testator at the time he made the will suffered from delusions, and was not of testamentary 1 capacity. Jt will be seen that a sum of £30,000 is destined to go either to the family or to the Melbourne University, according to whether this contention is proved or the reverse. The importance of the issue has necessitated extensive enquiries. Evidence has been taken hy commission in England, in Adelaide, and in Sydney, • and the story which is now being un folded with almost cruel deliberateness in the Melbourne court forms a mass of sufficiently highly-6uiced literature. The ' testator himself was only a few years ago a well-known figure in Adelaide commcr cLil and political circles. lv his earlier life he was a partner with his father in a Sydney business, but he afterwards formed establishments on his own account both >in Melbourne and Adelaide. As a man. ' of business lie was shrewd, capable, and successful. For three years he sat in the ' House of Assembly as representative of ! the district of Light, and his success as a ; candidate for Parliamentary honors was a distinct testimony to his per sonal ability. So far as his public i life was concerned Mr. Dixson may be . said to have left behind him a creditable . record. The existence of certain shadows . in the background was not unknown, but ; time has already done some of its efiacing • work, and bat for the present trial they [ would soon have been practically for gotten. i Such being the case there is something i peculiarly painful and almost revolting in . the disclosures that are now being made ; day by day before Mr. Justice Holroyd. : In order to establish the case of the oppo ; nents of the will a kind of moral autopsy iis being made. The legal examinations \- and cross-examinations by acute lawyers | are conducting a post-mortem operation , that has elements in it of a much more re \- pulsive character than any employment of ■ the surgeon's scalpel could produce. Documentary evidence is submitted with a view of shotting that the deceased was ,an habitual drunkard, and that of a , peculiarly desperate character. Evidence . is also adduced to show that he was grossly . immoral, and that with his illicit relations L there was mixed up an amount of hypo ; criticdl sentimentality that is positively sickening. Piety and pruriency, sen . suality and sanctimoniousness go hand in hand to an extent that is positively [ astounding. One document put in as , evidence is a paper filled up with | an amazing mixture of beastliness and , tomfoolery ; and another is an unfinished . letter to a discarded mistress, containing a long series of wildly extravagant accu ( satkme mingled with moral reflections. , At ontt point the judge remarked that the testator seemed to haye formed thep" . illicit connections for the purpose «a . reading high moral lessons. One of tie , extraordinary antics indulged in was the . holding of an open air prayer meeting in the garden, and another the having five , different kinds of spirits in as many . glasses, with the pretence that each was t needed for a special malady. One of the , most melancholy parts of the miserable business is that the widow of the man who was at first a devoted sad affectionate husband is compelled by the ; exigencies of the case to take a prominent • pact iv ripping tip this ghastly scory, and : telling the tale of drunkenness, iuii • delity, and cruelty in open court. • Whatever may be the issue of the trial I there is no room to doubt that the repu ; tation of the deceased gentleman will bo \- torn to rags and tatters by the counsel . engaged in the interests of his children. Every shady and suspicious incident will be dissected, probed, and analysed with rigid and merciless severity, and un : happily there is far too much foul ' and noisome material to be thus i dealt with. The entire case forcibly suggests that if any man has property to \- leave behind him, unless he is conscious . of a spotless career, the bare possibility of 1 such a scrutiny is calculated to lend an \- additional terror to death. Lord Chas. Scott, who has jobs relinquished command of the Australian naval station, with Lady Scott, will reach Adelaide on Wednes day. His Excellency the Gorernor will come down from Marble Hill to aeet Lord and Lady Chas. Scott, who will be the guests of the Earl and Countess of Kintore during their stay in this colony, which will probably extend over* week. His Excellency the Governor will attend at die railway-station on Wednesday afternoon to bid farewell to Major-Generat Downes, who ie taking tys departure for Geelong, where he intends to reside. The Mayor and Mayoress of Adelaide gave a garden party at St. Helena, Prospect, ou Saturday afternoon. The gathering was a fitting close to Me Bollock's mayoral year and was marked by the came success which has attended the other social functions over which he has presided- Although the sky was a little cloudy the afternoon was extremely pleasant and the concourse very con siderable. Between 700 and SOO ladies aud gentlemen of position attended. The quests wore received on the lawn, and there) passed on to etiga?o in converge uith their friends or to wander along the piearnnti ways of tbe epacioua grounds. Refreshments were piovided in ? marquee, whiJe the Police Band discoursed aveet music at intervals. Tbe namm of the principal guest? ara ap-1 pended :—His Excellency the Governor, Cap-1 tain llenaikfer (private secretary), Captain Milner < A.D.C.). his Honor the Chief Justice, Major-General and Mm. Dotrnes, the Post oiarter- General and Mrs- Todd, the BtLop of Adelaide ani Mrs. Kennion, the Very Rev. Deau Marryat and Mis 3 Marryat, Sir Hmry Ayers, Sir E. T. and Lady Smith, Sir Win. and Lidy Milne. Hon. G. C. Hinker and Miss HaKker, Hon. I>r and Mrs. Campbell, Hon. G. W. and Mia. Cotton, Hon. C. C. and Mrs. Kingston, the Commissioner of Public Works and Mrs. Grayson, the Commissioner of Crown L*uda aud Mrs. Ko<re, Hon. J. L. and Mrs. F Arsons, Hon. D. M. Charleston, M.L.C., Hon. James Martin. M.L-C, Lieutenant- Colonel and Mrs. Jlakin, Mr. and Mrs. George Ash, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hawker, Mr. and Mrs. T. Seherk, Mr. and Mrs. .1. G. Jenkins, the Commit-sioner of Insolvency Mid lira. Russell, the Mayor of Glenelg aud Miss Wave, the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. 'C Tusker), the Mayor of iS'orw-ooa and Mrs. Hall, the Mayor of Unity and Mrs. Gurr, the Mayor of Kapunda and Mrs. Palmer, and Mr. and-Mra. J. H. Finlay<Kjn. Xothiag definite has yet been decided upon by the Government with reference to the site which will be tavortd by them for the erection of a trades hull Enquiries are being made as to the land available, and Cabinet will prc tubly further discuss the matter to-day. The Treasurer has intimated to the Mayor of Port Adelaide that he will be pleased to receive a deputation with regard to the ex pJoaives storage question on Tuesday morning. Arrangements are being made for a deputation to be present worthy of the importance of the interests involved, and by advertisement else where all who wish to support the deputation are requested to leave the Port by the 10 o'clock train. Iv reference to a cable message which appeared in our issue of Saturday Mr. H. A. Grainger, M.P., early on that day wrote as foliowb to tbe Chief Secretary :—" My dear Downer—ln this morning's Adirrliser it is etated that our Acent-General 'encouragee practical tniuerb' in England 'to try their for tune' in Sooth Australia. Will you kindly as-certain from Sir John Bray whether this statement be correct, and if it should be so will you order the immediate insertion in the London ntu-tpapers of other advice to the effect that there are at present numbers of un employed miners in this province, and wages have been considerably rr-ducfrd during the present year? Pending the amendment of our mining !a«ve the prospects of miners obtaining fairly remunerative employment in South Aub tralia are, I am Eorry to say, very far from bright. — Believe me, &c.; H. AlleudaLE (iKain-ger. To the Hon. Sir J. Downer, X.C ii-G., M.P." Up to a late hour on tituiday Mr. Grainger had received no reply. We understand that two vacaucies are about to occur on the board of directors of the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, and that should this occur an effort will be made to have the Adelaide shareholders more adequately represented. Id order to effect this a requisition is being very generally sign dto the Han. R C. Baker to allow him self to be nominated for the position. A farewell social will be tendered to Major- General Downes and his wife by the incumbent and wardens of St. Michael's Cburcb, M':tchzm, in St Michael's hall this evening. The ireneral has long been a valuable supporter nf this church, and his departure from the colony is very greatly regretted by the Rev. 1". \V. Samwell and his congregation. Daring the meeting of the Trades and Labor Council Held at the Selborne Hotel on Friday erentng reference was made to tbe probability of the master bakers being williDg to nego tiate with the Trades and Labor Council on behalf of tbe Journeymen Batters Union with a view to determining tbe i-xiftiog dispute in the baking trade. The iasuoa to be dealt with are the way in which tbops in tbe trade shall be worked and tbe wacea si the men. The journeymen wish for 45 working hours per week, with a mini mum of £2 10a. per man, and on tbe other lia-nd the employers desire a minimum of £2 j<er week, with the men working GO hours in the *even days. Tbe president of the Master liikera' Association stated on Saturday that though nothing had yet been decided ui>oa it was ptobible that at the next tewting of bis association arrangements will be made to approach the united labor body witn reference to the existing difficulty- The Federated Employers' Council have already intimated that they will not recogniee the Trades and Labor Council uutil the prin ciple of freedom of contract is acknowledged. As the workers will not fall in with this view a deadlock lisa ensued between tbe main bodies on either side, the outcome being that it if> urged that the only way to obtain a settieznent of the dispute in tbe baking trade «-ill be for the *?**'*■'• bikers to practically ignore *^a o£s£i&l; bead of the organised union of employers, with which they are affiliated, and enter into negoaatiana on their own account. A meeting of the Adelaide Master Bikers' Association will be held this week. The Orient line R.M.S. Ormoz left at 7 a.m. on Saturday, and is expected to arrive at Lugs Bay at 6 o'clock on Tuesday morning. About 12 months ago t«ro enterprising men opened np a flux quarry at Pbilcox Hill, ab.jnt three mOes from Mount Bauer, on a property known as Harrip'e estate. It bae been well opened up, showing in all shafts pore limestone or f^mim, which is unsurpassable for flnx pnrpose?, building, and limebuming, as it contains 9S per cent, of pure lime. To all appearances the deposit is practically in exhaustible. Some thousands of tons have been sent to the different emeltint; wares. Work is going as steadily ander the direction of Messxs. Bo wen and Breme, wbo have laid a tramline of about a mile in length, which con nects the quarry with the Government c<^i"g Special tdptruck? ingeniously contrived have been mannfaosixrod by lAe&sxs.; Bawen &nd; Bremer, which ran on a raised platform above the Government trucks, which onload with ease, saving labor and expense. Tbe whole undertaking has been done privately under the direction of Mf*wTs. Bowen and Bremer. They estimate tbe value of the line and rolling stock at about £1,500. In a few weeks the managers hope toshovafaoeof about 50 ft deep by 100 ft. in length, and when all is in full working order they expect to turn out 800 to 1,003 tons per week. The enterprise will, it ia expected, give continual employmbnt to between SO and 40 men. The first eacred concert of the season was Riven at the Rotunda on Sunday afternoon by tbe City Volunteer Band. Tbe afternoon was delightfully tine, a refreshing breeze blowing off she rirer, and the attendance was large, tbe lawn which surrounds tbe band stand being well covered. A large number of people listened to tbe mnsio from the Lake, which presented a busy appearance, its surface being dotted with a number of boats. The City Volunteer Band, which was under tbe con dactotship of Bandmaster Hodder, performed a good programme of sacred music, which was listened to with evident pleasure by the 2,000 or 3,000 persons present. Daring the concert a number of collectors moved among the listeners taking np money on behalf of tbe Broken Hill distress fund. There w&e; a large attendance at the Demo cratic Club on Sunday evening, when Mr. D. t/L Charleston, M.LC, delivered a lecture on " Conciliation." The lecturer first dealt with the need for conciliation and then gave a resume of Mr. C. C. Kingston's Bill and Mr. R. C. Baker's conciliation and co-operation measure, both of which are before Parliament. After sketching tbe provisions of each measure be eaid that both contained a number of good points, and that Mr. Kingston deserved great credit for the war be had drafted the Bill before the Lower Hoaae. Considering that be had not bad any practical experience of workshops Mr. Kingston bad endeavored to legislate for the workers in a praiseworthy manner. In referring to Mr. Baker's measure bespoke of its nimplicity, and eaid if a Con ciliation Btti bad been in operation at tbe time the Broken Hill strike was first mooted that struggle would, if it bad not been pre vented, never have abfiumed the dimensions that it did. He said tbe question of concilia tion was one the woikers th-wld «£uacly ttusy. ZSr. Cuarleetoa was attentively listened to throughout, and at the close of bin address a discussion took plaoe. On Sunday morning Mrs. E. Piokette (preei I dent of the Melbourne Theosophieal Society) I pave a lecture before tie members of toe AdV I Uii!e branch at Priest's Chambers ou " Tbeo«>i>hy and its exidenoefc. 71 There was a fair attendance and Mr. X. A. Knox occupied the cbair. Mrs. Ticketts, who spoka in a clear and deliberate mannei, detailed for a space of about two hoars the principles of theosophy and tracing the history of the movement in a lue«d manner. She stated for the infor mation of the ocioitiated, many of whom had availed themselves of the invitation issued to be present, that there was nothing in tbeosophy which callt-d upon any member of that cult to lay aside his or her common sense. Ktither was there anything in its study which need form a barrier to tlia members of any church. For the practical mind it offered the inducement of oonanued effort on behalf of the eociai condition of the world. For the scholar or student it opened np a largo field of t-levating thought, and its study led to an anjuaintaiic-e with a literature that was at once fascinating End instructive. AB the conclusion of the address, which throughout was attentively listened to, tht chatriusn stated that if auj T present wished to Iv enlightened on any point they could do so by putting questions through him. Several availed thfms?*lvea of the opportunity, aud die answers given by Mrs. Vickett tortued an important part of the instruction given. In the course of the replies the visitor referred to a mistake which the Rev. \V. E. Fletcher bad f&llen; into in a recent lecture when ht tstated tliac the teachings of Ruddha in respect to the entrauce of tlte spirit to Xirvaua, were that annihilation followed the perfection of know ledge, while as a matter of fact they were the very opposite. The chair man stated his willingness to place in the hands of thote desirous of members of the society a numbct of elementary works the better to enable them to understand the claims and aspirations of theosophy. A meeting of the committee of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb institution was held at the Arbitration-room, Blarlboroagh Chambers. Waymouth-etreet, on Knday, November 25. Present—Sir John Cotton (president) in the chair. Sir Villiam Milne, Sir Edwin Smith, Mewrs. .Tames Scott (vice president), G. \V. Hawkes (treasurer), D. A. Sptnce, J. Curnow, R. Knowles, W. iiiekford, Henry Scott, W. Hooper, and AJaerman Marshall, the uuperintendent (Mr. Sjimutl Jo'.snson), and the secretary (Mir. Kotfe Searcy). The president reported that his Eseelieney the Governor had consented to preside at the annual meeting, which will take place at the institution on Saturday afternoon, December 17. The report of the meeting of the ladies' committee held on Mon day, November 21, when there were present Lady Golton, Mesdames Kay, Sanerbier, Kither, Luxnioore, and Bickford, Bliss Kay, and the acting Eecretary (Miss Golton), was adopted. Daring the month the institution had been visited by Mrs. Bickford and Mrs, Lux moore, when all was going on satisfactorily. The president reported that the sub committee appointed at the previous meeting to examine the sketch plan of the proposed new kitchen, ecnllery, washhouse, and laundry, and collect farther information as to probable cost, had met at the institution, when the matter with regard to the size of the rooms, cost, &c.;, had been fully discussed. The architect* forwarded for this meeting a fresh sketch plan of the proposed buildings. It was unanimously re solved on the motion of Sir Edwin Smith, seconded by Mr. Henry Scott, that the archi tects be instructed to advertise for tenders to carry out the work of building the four rooms as proposed in the plan. The sub-committee previously appointed were reappointtd to confer with the architects with regard to a few matters of detail. The erection of a larger kitchen and scullery, &c;, is rendered necessary through the great increase in the number of inmates admitted during the present fear. The eaperinCende&fs; report for the month was read and adopted. A blind fiirl, aged 7 yean, from Kent Town, whom admission as an assisted boarder was approved of at the previous meeting, was admitted on the Ist met The present number of inmates is -IS, viz., 13 blind and 35 deaf, all of whom are in excellent health. In addition to these 7 afflicted persons, viz., 1 blind and 6 deaf mutes, are employed by the institution, viz., the female as a music teacher, four domestic servants, collector, and boot instructor, and two young persons (blind), at present in the Industrial School for the Blind, North Adelaide (where they are being in structed in a trade), are ttill under the care of the committee. Receipts— Subscription account, £75 10s. 3d.; maintenance account, £33 10a.; bank balanoe (debtor), £6SI 7b. 9d.; accounts passed for payment, £lti6 tie. 64. Mr. C. Brenner, who for many years acted creditably as assistant-master in die Norwood public school and.is now in charge of the Lyndoch school, has been elected a member of the College of Preceptors, London. A cricket match has been arranged to be played* on the Adelaide Oral to-day, com mencing at 1.30 p.m, between St. Peter'e College and the Incogniti. The following will be the teams:—lncognita—Eev. T. W. Harding, Key. F. E. Baynor, Dr. Brookes, Dr. Michie, T. A. Caterer (captain), K. V. Cholmondeley, IL P. Boaanquet, T. R. Bright, T. & O'Halioran, A. J. Campbell, A. W. Campbell. St. Peter's College-J. Blackmore, E. Blackburn, E. D. S. Bruce, J. Carter, J. W. Campbell, J. C. Edmunds, C. G. Sabine (captain), T. S. P. Parkinson, B. Sboli, E- M. Webb, C. E. Wilson ; emergency, E~ X Sabine, Under the auspices of the South Australian Freethought Sooiety Mr. S. Phillips delivered a lecture in die German Club Buildings, Pirie atreet, on Sunday evening to a very attentive audience of ladies and gentlemen, the subject being "Pagan mythology contrasted with Judaism. 51 Mr. Ball presided. Indeliveringthe lecture, which was illustrated by sketches of the Pagan gods, Thoth, Plan, and Oairk, the kctuter said at an early state of man the prieete recognised there was but one God. From the fast of Moses being a prince by adoption snd brought up in tbe Egyptian court, he was in all likelihood an Egyptian priest, and lrom bis training for the Egyptian priesthood he evolved with blight differences the religions laws, rites, and customs for the Jewish worship. Judaism was not a mono theistic religion, but polytheistic, being several gode subject to one supreme ruler—Jehovah. The lecture edited that circumcision was in existence amongst other nations as a religions rite long before the tune of Moses, but as & religious rite, and the lecturer condemned it, while commending its custom and usages on sanitary grounds He Also stated that the ark and veil which Moses spoke of in Erodos were a counterpart of those used in Egypt previous to the tune of that prophet with but elight differences in a few details only. Very little of the religion of Judaism was original, but copies of that prevailing long previous to the existence of the Hebrews as a people or a nation. At the close of the lecture several points were criticised, to which the lecturer replied. On Saturday afternoon a number of the leading members of the musical profession met at Messrs. P. A. Ilowells & Co.'s mutic ware house to bear and discuss a paper given by Mr. E. Harold Davits, A.C.0., on "Voice-pro duction," according to the principles of the old Italian echooL Sir. Danes commenced by dwelling on the desirability of establishing a more fraternal relationship among the members of the profession in Adelaide, and the advan tages to be gained by frequent interchanges of thought on various musical subjects. He also expressed the hope that at no distant dat^, further au-cusdom; might be beld on the came or kindred topics. In the course of his remarks, which were illustrated by diagrams, Mr. Davieu quoted from a work on thu philosophy of the voice by Mr. Charles Luna. The lecturer displayed a thorough grasp of the subject, which he treated in an exhaustive and interesting- manner, and at the coocJutim of the paper anawer&d; s, numbur of questions. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, proposed Ijy Sir. M. Marcus, was heartily supported by all present. On Saturday morning an accident happened to Mr. H. liurhs on lb>; Kcosingtou Owl, wiiich requited in tii^'jt cou<_-us~ion of t|.< brain aud injuries to the Ij-yiy. Mr. Haair was removing eight 400-gallou tanks from a high staging on which be was standing, having previously taken away tbe etaia to facilitate operations, when a gust of wind caught the whole uia«s and ble>v it over. He was carried with it and fell heavily on the ground. For tUDately Mr. Harris was not seriously injiinsd, as he feli clear ot the uinks. His eldest $ou, tbe only [lerson who witnessed tbe accident, found bis father uuuoutfciou*, and went fur Dr. Harris, who utteniied to thu injured man. Later on Mr. Harris was removed to his huuie in East-street, Brompton, when Dr. Evans was called in, and under liis treatment the tuiierer is progressing favorably. In tlie Legislative Assembly of Xew South Wales ou November 22 Mr. Neild moved the second reading of Illegitimacy Disability Re moval liill "The Bill," cays tbe SiHlmg D'lily Iclrffrapli, "seeks to niike the law of the colony analogous to tbe law of Scotland, and to the law which tnia been adopted by at least 24 states of the American Union. It simply provides for thu le^itiniatisation of the is^na bom before the marriage of parents subsequently married. Mr. JCeilri, in getting up the suojeit, had evidently studied history, for ho presently astonished members by informing them that exactly the same pro posal fur reform had been made to the l'ar!i?' menu of English barons beld in l"Jt'?- Mr. Oarrathers held that any atteKitiou in this law would interfere with tbe sanctity of marriage, lead to innumerable ovilo, and would actually encourage illicit relations. Tbe first Minister to speak, Mr. CopeUnd, held that the action proposed was distinct!} 1 of a retrograde cUarac tor; that the measure would strike at the root of the social system. Tbe opi<osition to the measure, however, never attaiued eerious pro portions, aud the second reading was carried by the large majority ot 50 to 10. ' With reference to the statement made in the Barrier Alix'r ot Monday last that tbe Silverton tramway directors bad decided upon carrying out various extensive alterations in thu direction of an increase of rolling Btock, &c;, it is vow announced (says Wednesday's itsue of that joarnal) that the directors have authorised e.\u;csiv« additions to the existing rolling stock and plant, involving a total esti mated eipindiruro of £55.01*). Six {mweriu[ engines, collectively costing £14.00". have been ordered from England. Two engines arrived here a fortnight a^o, and the other four will be Untied at Purt Adelaide within fix months from date. Several brakevan? and 3uO trucks will be built as s|K>edily as possible. A com modious ttition will '-c erected atCcckbumon tins side of tbe border, and the engine fhed at Broken Hill be considerably enlarged. The vana and trucks will involve* an estimated ex penditure of over iW\<WO. and aunt tier £4,000 or £5,000 will be .iteottied by the pruxM£td additions at Cockburu aud Broken Hill. They have, it seems, a " Suicide Club"' in New York. J. B. Mooreiiead, ? wealthy theatrical manager, shot himself the othfr day, and a letter which be had addressed to thu coroner ran as follows;—" Dear sir—l have committed suicide ac per club. J'leate giw verdiut to such effect, and oblige." ls«stor Lennon, an actor, who was called at tbt> in quest, gave eooie particulars of tbe extraordi nary dub, of which be raid he himself was a member. Moorebead belonged to it, and bad been compelled to shoot himself. "Eicb member on joining," said Lmnon, "is com pelled to fix a date at which be is to take his own life. Moonhead's hour bad arrived. By aepecal rul«of iheclubhe was offered a 10 \--year parole, but be refused to accept it, being determined to keep bis agreement.7' Tbo Australian Smelting Company at the Dry Creek Smelting Works have received the following cablu advice from their L9ndon agents, dated November 25: —"Standard silver, 3s. 2^d. peroz.; soft Spanish lead, £10 U. per ton. 3 A meeting' will be beld at the Fountain Inn, Parkside, this evening to form a quoit club. A general meeting of theS.A. Allgemeiner Deutscher Vereia will be held tius evening. The annual meetine of th« Rescoo Society will be held in the Y. W.C. A. Rooms, Pulteney. street, this evening. Tbe offices of the Queen Buildinp Society have been removed to Cowra Chambers, Grenfell-etreei. A valedictory meeting to Miss Lodge, who is leaving for India on missionary work, will be held in the Stow lecture-hall thu evening. Tea and public meetings will be held at the North Adelaide Baptist Church, Tynte-etreet, this evening. A concert and ball in connection with the Deutscher Fortechritte Verein will be beld this eveningl. The half- yearly meeting of tbe Adelaide and Hyde Park Tramway Company will be beld at Widows' Fond Buildings, GrenfeJ-streeti, at noon to-day. Mr. M. J. Stapleton, wbo entered tbe field too late to address the ratepayers, announces himself as a candidate for the position of councillor for Gawler ward. A public meetin? will be held in die Hin.lm?r*li Town Hall this evening in con nection with tbe National Scripture Education League, and the question of taking a poll of parents will be considered. Tbe annual meeting of the Mercantile Marine and Fire Insurance Company of South Australia will be held at die salerooms ot Elder, Smith & Co., Currie-street, this after noon. A limelight exhibition, comprising views of London tineas, Prison Gate Home, and scenes from the life of Christ, will be given at the Morphett-etreet barracks of the Salvation Army this evening. In tbe prize-list first-grade geometry " Ex cellent, Elsie Carter" should be credited toche Misses Kay's echool (teacher. Miss Kay). " Pas?, John Liddun Anthony " should appear under the heading ot Semaphore Collegiate School (teacher, Miss Cruickshank). 