. M LITTLE FORGERY CASE. Afterthree years desperately hard fight tag at; the bar I had pushed my way into a smallbut reliable practice ; I was making £350 a year, and oould look forward with eoafidtnct te greater things, and eo felt jn« : tifiad la asking Ellen to marry me. Of course W6 •oaldn'l do vary much rn «nch an in . jene,bht Ellen was a wonderful manager, and although we had to live in a decidedly ■mall -way I can confidently assert that there were ne happier people than we in the whole world. For nhout three liu-nths our ' married life was a perfect dream of joy ; we wera-entirely devoted to each other, and Ellon bad a great belief in my powers of making a eareor in mv profession. As a matter ef fact I shared this belief to a large •xttiat;’ I someiimes could hot help think ing that this absolute happiness was too geod tei iast, and fairly trembled lest any thing should spring up to mar it in even the slightest degree. One morning, on coming down to break fast rather late, I'found Ellen Standing at tha .window with her back towards me, reading a latter, and evidently nbsorbed in its contents. " Who is your love-letter from, little woman?" I asked smilingly. She . turned-round-with a start, and I noticed how . ghaitly. pali she aeemed. While I looked ■ht .flatbed crimson, replying in n nerroui veie^.v” Oh, from no one you know, dear— . an oW;. school friend,” at the same time \- thralling the letter into her pocket. ' : Tbl envelope was lying on the table, and \- I nested that it was in a masculine hnnd writingof a most characteristic nnd unusual ■tyls. Ellen sat down without saying any thing further, and poured out my coffee; I • noticed how her hand trembled (she spilt half the milk on the cloth), and asked her, “What's the matter? Yon seem quite up get about something-" "There’s nothing wrong with me, Arthur, only I am a little tired with our long walk yesterday.” I was surprised and really hurt at liar answer. You see, from the Tory commencement of our engagement we had mutually vowed to keep ho secrets from each oilier, nnd up to this moment I really believed we had shared oar every thought. Now here was something which was clearly of sufficient importance to upset Ellen to a quite unusual extent, nnd when I inquired about the cause she was not only uncommunicative but actually evasive. I ■aid nothing further, but let her see plainly hy my manner that I was hurt by her non confidence. I have often thought sinco that 1 was entirely to blame for all the wrotclicd business which happened afterwards; I ought to hare shown more complete confi dence in my dear wifo. and Heaven knows that up to that moment, nnd indeed even then, she really had my entire and perfect trust—only 1 was such a fool as to exhibit my pique to her, and, having done so, of course' felt bound to eherish it, lest slio should think me " weak.” For the next few days she seemed really wretcho'd, and would often look at mo in an imploring^ pitiful manner which at another time would have made me catch her to my heart.. But just now, from one cause and another (the briefs were not coming I-i as quickly as I had expected). I was out of sorts, and made my suspicions an excuse for • small exhibition of spirit on my part. By the end o! the week, however, I felt in bet ter humour with tilings, nnd determined to end the trifling estrangement. Those lines came into my head— " The little rift within the lute, That by-and-by shall mako the music And I felt that it roally wouldn’t do to play with fire in ever so small a way. So I got .. away from work an hour earlier than my usual time, and hurried home delighted with the thought that 1 would quite " make Iknew Ellen wouldn’t be expecting me at that hour of the afternoon, so determined to glVeher-a surprise. I let myself in with my latohkey, and stepped softly upstairs to the drawing-room, opined the door quickly and saw—well, this is exactly what I saw, Ellen was leaning with bowed head against • the mantelpiece, and stooping over her with one hand on.her shoulder was a stranger, tali and strikingly handsome, though with e worn, dissipated look about the eyes which somewhat spoilt him. He: was talking quickly and eagerly, and she was trembling with suppressed emotion ; I caught his mur mur of “ For my sake, dear,” ns I took the whole scene in at a glance, and in that mo ment iny heart seemed to turn to raging flame. As I stood there gazing, they in stinctively turned round, and I thought Ellen was going to faint, she turned so deathly white. For half a moment sho seemed unable to collect herself, and then with an evident effort Baid, " Arthur, let me introduce you to Mr. Guy Hammcrslcy, an old friend of papa’s." He was evidently a year or two younger than myself. I hate " scenes,” and so simply bowed coldly, nnd after a minute or two of torture, passed in exchanging commonplaces about the wea tlier, he left. We stood looking at one another for a minute or two, I madly longing for tlio ex planation which I had nevertheless sworn to disbelieve. But she said nothing—not a worth".At last I said coldly, “Well, have you anything to say about this? I was watching yon for two minutes before yon and your, friend observed me.” She flashed one quick, indignant look at me, and then burst out passionately, “ Oh, Arthur, dear, in Heaven's name don't ask me to tell you anything; enly believo and trust me en tirely. 'I dare not tell yon." “I can quite believe, madam, that you dare not offer an explanation of circumstances which are too strong for even your plausible tongue to justify. .As for believing nnd trusting you _^,11 Heaven knows that 1 have done so to my eost. too long already-" But at this point of my onslaught she reeled nnd would have fallen, but that I had still sufficient manhood left to catch her as she swooned iiwny. I lnut her on the sofa with a strange, numbing pain of deadly, hopeless misery at my heart; nnd rang for the maid. When she came, and Ellen began to show signs of returning consciousness, I loft the house. The sun that had been shining so brightly when I had entered . linlf-niwiour before, was now almoot.se,. Could it be only one short half-hour since 1 had hurried into my • home—our home ? Somehow I had eliinc passionately to the hope that she would elcar it all up, damning as the circnm stances seemed. But no; she had been true to lier lover, and I felt, indeed, that I had passed out of her confidence. “The little rift within the lute, Th»t by-asd-by shall inr.ie the imuic , mule.1' rh# word* seemed to mock me aa they rang In my ears. The music was indeed mute now, and in piece of the sweet melody to which we had been tuning our lives, was the devilish noise end passion of hate and Jealousy ringing through my heart, and making me, as I walked quickly down the Brompton Road, clench my hands and grind my leolli in a manner that would have justified my immediate arrest as a dan gerous lunatic. At last I got calmer. What was to be done ? I had a kind of no tion that one must go on liting somehow. For a week or two we led a terrible exis tence, seeing each other only at meals, when we would interchange a few casual remarks, while the servant was in the room. IIow particular we arc, even nt the most trying moments of our lives, to keep up appear ances before other people. I felt that I could not stand the additional torture of the world's gossip; the section of “the world ” in which we mixed was quite as ter rible to us as the tongue-wagging of all the aristocratic gossips and the slanders of the “society journals.” No, I would conceal my hurt as long as possible and suffer in silence. And Ellen? Poor child! She grew like a ghost, and though she made now and again a pitiful little offort to renew our old relationship, the absolutely stony front which I presented to her advances waB too much for her, so she had to give it up and break her dear henrt. About a month after our domestic shipwreck, I picked up a note from the floor in the dining-room, and noticed the Fnme hand-writing as that of the mysterious letter which had produced our first difference. In a moment I had grasped its contents. For Heaven’s sake don't rouse his sus picions. It would be fatnt. I rely upon you, however, to prevent him from appear ing against me, ns I could not face him in court. It would kill me. Use any means to prevent him from taking up the case.” There is too much against me Hint I can’t disprove. Stonecroft is determined to pro secute.—Yours always, Gov." So this was the end of it all. The culminating proof lay in my hand. The first part of the letter was clear enough. It suited tiie scoun drel's purpose that I should be kept in the dark as long as possible. But for a minute or two I could not understand the meaning of the latter part of the letter—“ Use any means Vo prevent him trom taking up the case.” What case ? Then it flashed across me. Only n few days before I had been en trusted by a well-known firm of lawyers with the prosecuting brief in n forgery ease. It was the first case I had received from Messrs. Brasebridge <& Hackle, and it meant a good deal to me, as I had felt sure that if I made a success in it I should Inrgeljr i*« grease my practice by their agency. It had oome as a mournful sort of pleasure to me as I thought of wliat my joy would have been in the old days, when such a stroke of good fortune would have been doubly plea sant from the happiness it would have given Ellen; and now I suddenly remem bered that the aocused wns a man named Hanimersley. Tho coincidence had not ■truck me before as I glanced casually through my brief, but I understood now; though still I could not see why the man should so dread my appearing ngainst him. It could not be that he feared my powers ai prosecuting counsel—that wns too absurd; 1 was a comparatively unknown junior. Pro bably, then, it meant that lie had soma ■park of shame and remorse in him which made him dread to meet the man he had wronged in such a situation. Now all the old hate and passion which had been almost dormant for a while rose in me with tenfold force. I gloated over the opportunity thus nfforded me of being in strumental in punishing in some degree the wretch who had ruined my life. “Give np the case!"' Rather give up heaven itself. I would strain every nerve and power to ss cure his conviction, and having done so, I would leave Ellen for ever. At dinner that night I mentioned casually that I had been fortunate enough to he retained for the pro secution in a rather big forgery case. She started, and eagerly asked for particulars. Watching her keenly, with a cruel pleasure, I told her all the oircumstances, and then added in a hard voice, “ By the way, tha aocused’s name is Hammersley.” She was peeling an orange at the time, and it dropped out oi her hand and rolled across the floor as she sank back faint and brontliless in her chair, while I held my wine up to the light and inspected it as though I had been a con noisseur, a role in which I had never posed before. During the next few days Ellen seemed anxious to lead up to the subject, although each time it appeared to cost her a terrible effort, and I invariably cut the matter short. At last, the evening before tho case was to come on for trial, bursting into a passionate fit of weeping, she told me that sho had rea son to suppose that the man I was going to •it all my powers to convict was her own ted bor father’s old friend. She knelt down by my chair, and taking my hand in hers, implored me to withdraw from the case. "Arthur, if you have one spark of affection left for me, don't go on with this. You don't know what it means, denr.” I turned on her ns if I had been Etung, exclaiming snrdonically, “Don’t know wlint it means 1 That a just Heaven lias given me the oppor tunity of assisting to send your lover to the fate he moro than merits !” Then my wife got up trom her knees, and stood looking nt me with pity mingled with scorn in her dear brown eyes. “Arthur, before Heaven I swenr to you tlint you are terribly and cruelly wronging me, and—and” here she almost gave way—" Mr, Ilnmmcrs tey. At tliif moment I could explain sati3 fnctorily every circumstance which has turned you from me, but-” sho waited a moment, and I interposed sarcastically— “ Well, madam. But-” “ But I may not speak. I am bound by my most solemn promise not to reveal the matter to you as it really is; and this is not for my sake or fornnother’s so much ns for your own—that you may be spared terrible pain, and I ap peal to you by every token of the love you once had for me to give way on this point. If you persist in going on with it, then Heaven help you, denr, and comfort you when you find what you have done.” As I looked nt her a wave of the old love rvept ovor mi. an 1 I slid, “ Ellen, even at this moment, when'all my trust and confi dence in yon has left me, when my mind and reason feel convinced of your guilt, I will, neverlhcless. do as you wish if you will make some sliglil effort to atone for the misery you have brought on ns both by con fessing all. Of what value can a promise made to siicli a mini be? It wns sinful to make it, and it is doubly sinful to persist in your silence.'' I fell a little glow of virtue it tho conclusion of my magnanimous' ipeecii, and fully expected that she would give wsv. No; to my surprise she never moved a muscle. . “Arthur, I cannot do what you ask; it is best lor you that I should not speak now. Heaven help us all, dear I" Then she stooped down and kissed me on the forehead, and moved quietly out of the room with a face of such hopeless, stony despair as I pray I may never see again. But at the time the passionate demon of jealousy and mistrust still held me in his clutch. My last efforts had proved power less to make her swerve from her allegiance ! to her lover, and now the matter was ended. I was resolved to do my best—my worst. I could not obtain reparation or even confes sion ; then I would enjoy my revenge. The court was very full next day. My case came on in the afternoon. It was not a difficult one for me. The evidence was plain, and, generally speaking, strong. The facts were as follows;—Guy Hammers ley had been employed in a mercantile house in tho City—the firm of Joshua Stone croft and Co. The signature of the firm had been forged to a cheque for £200, and the hand-writing was identified as that of Hammersley. Only the clumsiest efforts had evidently been made to disguise his curiously- eccentric style of caligrapliy, and and the most characteristic letters were clearly in his hand. Proof was forthcoming that he had amplo opportunity of obtaining access to the cheque- books of the firm, and also that he was severely pressed for money, and had been borrowing wherever he could. On the other hand, the specimens of his writing in the firm’s books were chiefly con fined to routine language, the same words being repeated over and over again, and it was just possible that, in spite of the char acteristic letters in the forged signature, the jury might refuse to convict nnless we ttuld produce some document in which fimilar words to those of the signature occurred. However, I felt pretty confident as to the result. By some means or other the accused had managed to retain the ser vices of a well-known Q.C., and as I rose to open the case, and caught his expression of calm satisfaction, I grew more nervous. The expert on handwriting gave his evi dence, and then the counsel for the defence rose to cross examine. As I expected, he drew attention to the want of specimens of the accused’s ordinary style of penmanship as employed in his private correspondence, and made so many strong points that I began to lose my self-control. Hammersley was standing in the dock with his arms on the rail in front of him, and his face fixed intently on his counsel. He had not met my eye once yet; but I could fell that ho felt exactly where I was sitting, and followed instinctively my every action. I was filled with a pitiless determi nation to ruin him if by any means I could do so. I had already made stronger efforts to secure his conviction than the evidence seemed to justify. I felt like some aveng ing spirit. Just then.one of the ushers slipped a note into my hand, end jerked his head towards the gallery to indicate whence he had received it. It was in Ellen’s hand writing, n hasty pencil scrawl. “For God’s sake, Arthur, throw up your brief even now. He is far more to me than you drenm of.” When I had read it I turned my eyes to the plnce where Ellen was sitting, looking like some fair marble statue, and, gazing Btendily at her, I tore the note into piece, and strewed them lightly on the floor. “ More to me than you drenm of.” I began to hate her as well as him now. Surely she might have refrained from giving me this further reminder of the love she bore him. If I had been flurried and confused before, I now became ns cool as a cucumber. I ran rapidly over in my mind the points that had gone against mo in this case so far. Drawing from my pocket the accusing letter, I felt that I held in my hand conclusive proof of the prisoner's guile. By this time the counsel for the defendant had finished his oross-examination of my witnesses—as he seemed to think with considerable suc cess—so I rose and addressed the Judge. “ My Lord, I have to request that I may be permitted to go into the witness-box and give evidence.” His Lordship 6tared at me for a moment and the various counsel turned towards ono another with looks of astonishment. I re peated my request. " The course you are adopting, sir, is very unusual, as you doubt less know; but you can be sworn, of course, and tender your evidence, if you are in pos session of facts in your private capacity which have a material bearing on the case.” With all eyes turned on me, I stepped into the witness-box and took tho oath. “ I have here a private note in the accused’s handwriting addressed to my wife. It acci dentally came into my possession a month ago. In it the word ‘ Stonecroft ’ occurs, and I ask permission to put the note into court as evidence of the prisoner’s caligraphy with special reference to the word ‘ Stone croft ’ as occurring in the forged signature.' There was a disturbance upstairs. Ellen had fainted and been carried out. The note was handed up to the Judge, who scanned it curiously, and then passed it to jury, who leant eagerly over it. I felt I had won the ense. The eminent Q.C. op posed to me requested permission to see the document which had “been sprung upon the court so suddenly, and with such an appearanco of mystery.” He smiled contemptuously ns he looked at it, and then commenced to read it aloud, first saying, " I shpll have no difficulty in proving to you, gentlemen of the jury, that this note could not have been written by my client.” As he proceeded with the letter, Hammersley growing more and more excited as he heard the contents read out in open court, made frequent efforts to interrupt, but was sternly silenced by his counsel, but in vain. At the conclusion of the note the- accused turned to the Judge, and giving me one look of min gled pity and contempt, he exclaimed, “ My Lord. I admit that this note was written by me, but in justice to the Indy whose name has been so unwarrantably dragged into this miserable business, I must state a cir cumstance of which the counsel for the pro secution is doubtless ignorant from the con struciion which he evidently puts on its contents, and that circumstance is, that I amlier brother." Scarcely knowing what I was doing, I ex citedly proposed to call my wife to disprove the prisoner’s assertion, but the Judge, of course, ruled that the limiter was entirely irrelevant, as the only materinl point was the handwriting, which the prisoner had admitted, and now all the incidents which had led to my conclusions against Ellen rushed through my mind, and as I looked •t them all in the new light cast by Ham- I merslcy’ statement, a fearful certainty as to tiia terrible mistake Jl had been making forced itself on my mind. My brain whirled as I saw ail tho fearful misery I had caused. Overwrought ns I was I fell back speechless in my scat, and was helped out of the court by a friendly brother junior. Weeks after wards I learnt the conclusion of the case. Tho prisoner s counsel diow attonlion to the fact that in spite of a curious resem blance between the writing in the note ahd (he forged signature, there were palpably traces that the latter was an imitation of the former, lie also produced a piece of blot ting paper, picked, up in tho Jaerd.ant's office in which Jlaiu'i-crsley was employed, on which were the traces of repeated copies of Guy’s handwriting—clumsy at first, and then more and more like, beginning with ordinary words and letters, end at last ending with the signature, “ Joshua Stone croft," the forged signature, at first with the letters separated, and then finally in the fbrm of a complete signature. The handwriting, ns plainly shown in the first clumsy attempts, was that of a fellow elerk, who, it was shown, had borne a grudge against Guy, and who, when wanted, was found to have bolted. In view of this ▼efy strong defence the accused was ac quitted. All this, as I have said, I learnt long afterwards, for during the next six weeks I W-as prostrate with brain fever. One evening I woke from unconsciousness to fihd my own dear wife sitting by my bed side, holding my wasted hand, whioh I conld not yet even lift from the coverlet. As the whole dreary drama came flitting back in disconnected fragments to my mind, I in stinctively turned my head away. I could not yet bear to meet the gaze of her whom I had so wronged. But Ellen, like the dear, sweet woman she is, took my head in her hands, and, leaning over me, whispered, j •Darling, my own dear husband, look at ! me; I have been waiting for you to know me for weeks. Don’t try to talk, dear; I understand what you wish to say, but it is all past and gone now.” The tears rolled down my cheeks as I met her loving eyes, and read there the same sweet story of he! unshaken love whioh I used to know so well—only that now it seemed deeper, ton derer, and more divine than of old. In a week’s time I was permitted to sit np in my bed-room, and conld watch Ellen as she moved quietly about tho room—I was never tired of gazing at her now, remember ing how nearly, as it seemed to me, I had been to losing her. One bright afternoon she said to me, " Arthur, dear, I am going to bring someone to see you this afternoon, if I may." I guessed what was going tc happen, and was quite prepared when, hall an hour later, the door opened, and Ellen eame forward, saying, ‘.'Dearest, I want tc introduce my brother, Guy Channing, to my husband.” We didn't talk mneh that after noon, but sat round tho fire, Ellen with hn head on my shoulder, holding Gay's hand. Poor fellow ! He had had a hard time of it for the last ten years, and had been knoaking about over half the world; then, when he had made a really desperate effort io settle down and ■• run quite straight" (as he himself sadly put it), this horrible busi ness oropped up and narrowly missed ruin ng three lives. Too prond to let me know a had married the sister of a " man like me, who seemed destined to end up at a tonvict,” Guy had forbidden her to disclose one word of the affair, or to let me have the slightest hint of the relationship between us, and but for tho slur I had cast upon my ! wife in open court he would never havo 1st tho faot booome known to me. Years have gone by since then—years of perfect happiness to me—and I hare at least made some headway in my profession, though, much to Ellen's surprise, I have not yet been mentioned for the woolsack; still, whenever I am retained in a case of forgery, my mind instinctively goes back to m/ first forgery case, and I feel glad that I lost it — Household Words. 