THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S VISIT. : (l His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne visited Eohuoa on Sunday last fo? tho piir; pose of administering tlie rites of confirma tion to a--number'of candidates in Christ 'Church. Ho also officiated at both morning and ovening services of the church. Thore was a large congregation at. th» morning service to hear the Bishop's,idis course. Ho chose for Ms text the' 23rd Psalm, 5th and 6th versesThou pre parest n table before me in tho. presence of inino enemies, thou annointest my liead with oil, i my cup runneth over." The Bishop referred to the earlier ages of Christianity, dwelling on the enmity manifested against tho true religion by numbers, and showed in a forcible manner how the forgiving spirit of the Lord arose, and how He meted out" His mercy unto all mankind. The creation of tho Lord's table was an exemplification of thisi The enemies of tho true faith were Welcomed to partake of the blessings of[ tho sanctified table. The ambassadors of the King were ever vigilant in landing succour to the spiritually distressed, who were taught the great love whioh God bore towards them. Ho mado reference to tho pleasing words of tho text, and thought that they showed how earnestly a 11 should cling to the Lord in res ponse to Hta invitation, extended to them. He referred to tho many distractions existing in tho world and of tho imperfect knowledge which marked the modern being's idea of the future state. Ho enjoined his hearers to.'give the matter their earnest attention, so. that their knowledge might be amplified, and worshippers led to a fuller appreciation of .the spiritual benefits to be derived in the next world. Rod's morcy and love was in evi* dcnco all around tliem in their daily lifo, and He was over ready to conduct his fol lowers to the great gates of the Palace, if they would but respond to His call. He made reference to the Holy Communion to be that day celebrated, and spoke of the spiritual importance of it. Healtio spoke of the important duty devolving on parents, who should endeavour by preoept and ex :amplo to lead their children to holy and 'godly lives. This could be done by attention to tho laws of the Holy Communion, to the table of which ho exhorted members of the church to attend rogularly.' ,.... In the afternoon at three o'clock a largo riinnhor of young candidates presented themselves at the confirmation service. There was a large congregation present, and great intore t was shown in the service. The church presented a very pleasing appearance, all the hangings being white, with the excep tion of the now rod altar, which was prepared by the mombers of the guild, the beautiful monogram being worked by Mrs W. Davis. The candidates for confirmation took their places in the front, there being thirty-seven in number, varying in age from 69 to 14, all tho female candidates being dressed in white. After they had taken their seats the hymn " Soldiers of Christ Arise " was sung. Then tho bishop, coming to the choir steps addressed tho candidates in most solemn and appropriate words, pointing out the nature of "The Pearl of Great Price." After receiving their baptismal vows thoso to be confirmed wont up two by two, arranged by tho Rev. P. Davis, and presented by tho parish clergyman and roceivud the laying, on of the bishop's hands. Then having taken their places, the bishop pointed out their duties and their privileges as mombers of the church, also tliair power for good if used for good. The singing of the hymn " O Jesus I have promised Thee," brought the solemn service to a close. Tho confirmation service was a most impressive and beautiful one, and its full text ssamed to be impressed on the minds of the confirmees. • _ ? The ovoning service was marked by an othor largo congregation, the churoli being filled to its utmost capacity. The text chosen by tho bishop wan from Book of D»uteronomy, tho 6th verso, 8thchapter "And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might." Ho said the gospel of jGod was tho unconditional offer of salvation ; iand pointed put to thom, by referring to tho ipnsfc ages, that God had made this offer out of itho fullness of His lovo for His people. Ho lhad given His own soul as a sacrifice to show ;His great lovo. The workers against tho | cause of religion had sought to show that God did not lovo man, but Hia works totally dis proved this thoory. In former ages men ! wero prono toidolatory,' buttlioy had been brought'to wqrsbip the true God by - oi spiritual influenco which could only emanate, from,the gospel of God as at first: ordained. Tlioono true and groat law ns laid down in tho gospel wasthoworship 'of Godi Hb pointed out the difference between' tlio: law" whioh govomedaomo people in tho matter -off wor. ship and the gospel. In the' latter thore;was: a motive which'impelled', love towards. Him,•, but this mbtivo : did not exist , in tho. law. Tho old .Testament had hot fully brought to light tho life of immortality beyond tho grave ; but the new Testament had dispelled: the.' darkness whioh hovered around those ttfinga, and showed thorn plainly how incumbent it1 was for.them to dovoto themselves to' tho worship of the Lord-it had given them an insight into tho truths which had been wrapped in semi-obscurity. Tho prophecy of tho old Testament had been fulfilled by the crucificntion of Christ, by which means tho lovoof God for tho world had been shed, abroad by tho Holy Ghost. Ho would ask all to fix their eyes upon Christ as ho was nailed up to tho Cross, and thus realize tho loyo which had prompted tho offering, and they should then go: on thoir bended knees juidngk for tho blessings which i tho L«cd was waiting to bestow upon. them. To those who had been that.aftornoon con firmed, ho would counsel them to apply'thom selves to GckI for Huccour in thoir hour of need, and ho impressed upon them'tho neces sity of living a life in accordanco'with the Gospel of God. At each of tho services tho clioir rondqfod highly pleasingmusic, under the conductor ship of MrT. Mcdlend, In tho morning tlio anthom " Who ara tlieso arrayed ii* white/' was excellently and spiritedly rendered ; and in the ovening tho anthom, Graft \0 Lord in our hearts tho lovo of Thy name," wa«|», ^Iso voiy ploaaingly rendoredri: ^VUl' 