About Christmas Annuals. By F. J. D. How much of the holiday spirit of the season, and the keeping alive of old traditional associations, are dependent on the illustrated papers? The ques tion is one that may be commended to tlie consi deration of those ingenious persons who concern themselves about the causes of things, and amuse their leisure by tracing effects to their primal springs. It is certain that Dickens has been credi ted — and greatly credited — with having done more than any other individual to keep the hale old spirit of Christmas alive in England. No one who has read his books, his story of Tiny Tim, his account of the doleful experiences of Mr. Scrooge, and his description of that hearty old-fashioned celebration of yule at the country- house of Mr. Wardell, can presume to wonder at the secret of the magic by which the great storyteller achieved this delightful feat. What everybody now knows is that the associa tions which Dickens has woven round Christmas tide are as inseparable from that season of popular festivity^ reunionism of old friends, and general menymaking as arc the holly and mistletoe of the ' old home, or the very much prettier Christmas bush of sunny Australia. What Dickens begun, it is the mission of the Christmas number of the illustrated papers, as ' everyone may see, to continue. Every father of a family who desires to keep Christmas and give a good, old-fashioned flavour to the celebration, if he knows his business, is aware- that nothing helps to produce the feeling of Christmas in a household bo much as littering it with the season's numbers of these illustrated papers. Their very covers brighten the tables on which they lie, as the pic tures themselves light up the living rooms of the household. One may well pity the hapless cur mudgeon who never spent a pleasant hour, — perhaps with gladsome children's faces around him, perhaps solitarily reclining on shipboard, or in the back block — over these storied pages; and one might be tempted to apply Shakespeare's unneces- . sarily fierce denunciation of the wretch who hath no music in his soul to the benighted creature who has never delighted- himself with the Christmas ! number of an illustrated paper. At such moments one recalls with something like affection the humourous and highly characteristic pencillings of dear old Randolph Caldecott — his old-fashioned elopements, his duels, his hunting-breakfasts, his mistletoe episodes, and all the other hundred and one inimitable touches of Christmas genre that went to make up his delightful charm. His mantle has fallen nowadays on sprightly and courageous successors, and if we miss the old flavour it is because of the instinct of preference, no doubt, that in sists on reminding us that no love pleases like the old love, and that, after all, old friends are always best. Then come the other coloured pictures we are familiar with, the last century costumes, and the powder and patches and spadille of a still earlier generation, when Marlborough was fighting in the Netherlands, or, again, when Nelson was sweeping the seas at Trafalgar and the Nile. And there is always a frosty morning on the way to church, with rosy-cheeked English maidens in furs and ruddy English boys at home for the holidays from Eton and the dread of Dr. Birch ; and fox -hunters, and hunting snppers, and conservatory episodes, and sub-mistletoe adventures again, until one almost forgets the chime of Christmas bells in the Bilvery tinkle of anticipative wedding bells in the air. And then the stories ! The Christmas story is become a solid, old- fashioned literary institution, and a rich repository of Reasonable legend and lore. In the English illustrated papers these Christmas stories are always the same, and there is a well grounded feeling that the British public would as eagerly resent any departure from the beaten track in this respect, as they would object to an interference with the deliberate inanities of the equally old fashioned and time-honoured harlequinade. Some day some gentler humourist, with a smiling face and a kindly heart, like Charles Lamb, and a pen dipped, not in ink, but in what the poets call the milk of human kindness, will write a pleasant story of the way in which Christmas stories are made, the kindly instincts they appeal to, and the all-pervading spirit of loving kindness that must light up the intellectual laboratory in which tho ingredients of lovemaking, adventure, and the meeting of friends are judiciously blended and mixed up. For in the story there must be a pretty love tale, and there must be adventure ; else how can that reunion of friends round which the whole interest of the Christmas story revolves possibly have a chance of taking place ? And, then, the setting of the whole must be picturesque, and its suggestion romantic. For this experts have found nothing so serviceable as the old-fashioned English grange, deep set perhaps in a mysterious maze ; enclosed, not improbably, with a moat, in which tall reeds must grow dankly ; and there may be a ghost in a haunted chamber, or a mysterious rust ling as of silken robes or fallen leaves in the dusk of evening along a shadowy avenue. To place a decayed family in such a home may be cruel, but the effect from the point of view of the artistic storyteller is dccidedly picturesque ; and one sees at -a glance that the ruined fortunes of the house require a stout male arm to retrieve them. But if the exigencies of the story demand that the only young person in the gloomy grange is an English girl who persists in perversely growing into stately maidenhood in despite of her forbidding surround ings, it follows as light follows darkness that a young fellow of unimpeachable antecedents must come on a fishing excursion or a hunting visit to the neighbourhood. The immediate sequel may be safely left to any story -reader's imagination. And all seems to go well and gladsomely, until the graceless cousin, whose wealth is to buy our English lily's hand from her impracticable parent, arrives on the scene with an insinuating manner and an evil heart. By a re finement of knavery he heaps untold woes on the head of his unconscious rival, and drives him forth to seek his fortune beyond the seas, while someone in a grange at home mourns him secretly and will not be comforted. Then tho storyteller is to direct the true lover's adventures abroad, lead ing him into perils and out of them, through thril ling experiences and hair-breadth escapes, and gallant passages of arms with savage tribes, until at last some Goleonda yields up its gems or some glittering El Dorado its gold, and our hero returns to claim his bride and re-establish her family. It is here that the Christmas chimes come rmgingly in ; for what more fitting welcome could greet the wanderer's return, or on what more appropriate day of gladness cou'd so romantic a love story reach its gracious fulfilment ? The Christmas number of the illustrated paper in Australia is perforce different from all this, though, after all, the difference is only one of de tail. The sky, and not the mind, has changed, as the old classic aphorism has it, and we arc still delighted by the same old Christmas spirit as it is conveyed to us through the pleasant medium of pictures and seasonable stories. There is some thing romantic of itself in the contrast between the pictures of snowclad scenes and furred foams, sparkling holly-berries, and sparse mistletoe, huge fires and indoor games, as we find them in our Eng lish journals of the season, and those sun-swept spaces of sparkling water or sloping sward on which the Australian Christmas -keeper delights to set himself afloat, or whereon his Christmas dinner on snowy cloth is spread. The pages of an Australian Christmas number have a crisply sunny feeling as we turn them over, and one can almost feel the grateful heat — sometimes rather too much of it, perhaps, though it is highly treasonable to say so at such a time ! — and watch the bright ripple of the sunlight on blue water, or see the green leaf twinkling on the tree as he surrenders himself to the influence of these holiday suggestions.. ' The stories, too, are emphatically stories of the open air — of three-railed fences, and flying chases after the vanishing kan garoo ; of perils of bushrangers and bush fires, and blacks ; of Arabian Night's -like stories of gold digging days, when fortunes were picked up by lucky prospectors who returned to England with their prizes, and gladdened somebody's Christmas there by their coming, to say nothing of the material they supplied for more Christmas stories in due season. For Australian gold- diggers . and squatters took the place of Indian nabobs in the stories as time went on, and the jaded pinions of the imagination of these story-tellers plumed themselves for new, and in some cases decidedly more fearsome flights. All these things come across one's mind as he turns the pages of these Christmas numbers under a shady tree on a sunny Australian, Christmas afternoon ; until he thanks the ingenuity of the lucky inventors of this pleasant piece of magic whereby the Christmas of widely separated zones is represented to delight and amuse all those faithful ones who cherish the holiday spirit of the time. 