THE MERCURY. UODART TUESDA Y, MA Y IT, 1SSS -.«- ' EPITOME OF NEWS. Our Boys at Thoatro Royal again to-night. Tea meeting and_ concort at. St. "J.ohn's Presbyterian Church this evening. Combined Choirs meet - to-night at Mac- kenzie's Academy of Music. St Barnabas Association, work meoting at Dr. Bright's to-day. . St. David's Literary Association hold the initial meeting to-night. . Officers and members of Rechab Lodgo No, 15, T.C., meet at 7.30 this ovoning. . Warning given by advertisement to tres- passers at Elwick. A ladies' shorthand class will bo established at tho Tnchuical School, provided 12 pupils enrol. i ¡ , Domain site approved of by Exhibition Committeo as best position for proposed building. , ' I Orpheus Club concert on Thursday eve- ning next. Specially attractive programme promised. ' Rev. E. H. Thompson lectures at Kingston to-night on " Insoet und other Prats," and at Koonya on Thursday Customs roturnr for week ending May 14 Hobart, £2,812 Is. lid.; Launceston, £2,108 9s lid. Annual Industrial Exhibition by Davey street Congregational Sunday-school scholars on August 21 next. Kempton Horticultural Society's Autumn Exhibition on tho Quoen's Birthday. Entries to be sent in on May 21. Time extendod for Longley annual Road Trust oloction to the 30th inst. Nomina- tions receivable until 4 p.m. en the 23rd. Annual entertainment at Training School, Cascades, this evening. The Hon. A. Pillin- ger in the chair. , Complimentary concert to Professor Hughes at the Tompoiance Hall on Monday evening next, 23rd inst. Conductor, Mr. Mackenzie. Annual meoting of Bream Creek land- owners on the 28th inst. to eloct throe trus- tees. Nominations receivable up to 21st inst. i Notification concerning railway fares and arrangements for convemenco of visitors te the Launceston racos ar« announced in advertising columns. Additional accommodation required by the Board of Technical Education. Tho Minister of Education will place the matter before Parliament. The Hon. P. O. Fysh arrivod in Brisbane on Saturday last. Feeling among British worku.cn against Mr. Gladstone is intensifying. Gicek general elections have rosulted in favour of tho Opposition. Attempt to dynamite the Czar's palace nt Gatchina frustrated. Fronch export and import trade greatly falling off owing to operation of now tariff. Victorian cold returns show a falling-olr to the extent of l2,1uloz. for last year. Hlaiulurd says tho Liberals intend dobating tho kanaka question in tho Houso of Com- mons. A hundred thousand American stone workers on striko by oidor of their Execu- tive. *W1 .' '.Quackdoctor namedGatchkoffskiarreatod at St. Petersburg for poisoning tho Prefect of Police. Proposod Victorian stock tax likely to seriously affect .heepbreedors In th South. East District of South Australia. Terrific galo at Wellington, Now Zealand, on Saturday and Sunday lost. Cook's Stiaita cable partod. All mossagos now slowly sent by the Wanganui-Nolson Bingle Uno. Bill introduced by Promior of New- foundland to adjust present difficulties, io French fishing rights, has buen rejected by the Assombly. Exporters of horsos from Victoria to India fear that now import duties will kill thoir trado, as thoy got most of tho horses to ship to India from nôrthorn colonies. Queensland Agont-Gonoral has writton to The Times giving assuranco to tho pooplo of England thot laws mid rulos for protoction of kanaka labourors » ill bo rigidly onf orcod. The Hon. T. Playford, Promior of Soutli Australia, absolutely domos that ho has o\or stated that tho kanakas in Quoonsland woro practically slaves. His tutorwwer, ho says, must have mistakon his words. 'ACCORDING to a Sydney paper, Mr. Fvsif has, amongst other things, in- terviewed tho Ministry of [New South Wales with a view to deciug if some- thing cannot ho dono to lessen the ob | stacles now placed in the, way of trado between the colouies. The same paper announces, also, that the Sydney Chamber of Commerce proposes to have a conference witli the other colonial Chambers, on jthe subject of differential railway ratps, which aie said to be not only a nuisance, but a great hindrance to commercial intercourse, which would take place if they did not exist. From these two facts our Sydney contem- porary' deduces the conclusion that there is a steady movement going on in favour of Federation, in spite of tlio vagaries of the politicians and the doings of the Legislatures. "We, our- selves, have said something of the same kind many timos, and aro almost inclined to think that 'wo have inspired our contemporary, which has never, so far as wo aro able to remember, indulged itself in such speculations before. We ' are, naturally, glad to welcome such an expression of . opinion, though, at the same time, we aro forced to tho con- clusion , that the wiiter has got, as yet, but a very short way in tho direction that we should like to see it and others go. As a matter, of history, these eudeavours to remove the barriers to intercourse between tho colonies are very old, and very disheartening. As COLKIUDOE used to say about ghosts, that he had seen too many to believe in thom, so we may say about these attempts to remove the obstacles to intercolonial trado, that we know too muck about them to have much faith in them. Let us ask, as our contemporary does not appear to have done, what ¿he movers in these pro- posals mean ? Do they mean free trade ? Do they mean absolutely un- restricted "Intercourse between the colonies ? Do thoy moan the removal of all barriers to people doing what is best for themselves, in which case the best will be done for all ? Do tiley mean Federation, which is uuity, un- questioned and absolutely unquestion- able, or anything like it ? Unless thoy have changed very much within the last few months,. what they roally mean, as what Mr/ Fvsii means in this particular instance, is' the very opposite of Federation in »-any of its forms. The essential point of their case is, thatwthoy propose to make bargains. Mr. FÏSII is willing that Tasmania shall lower the duties on wines and some other things, if New Soutli Wales will remove the duty on fruit and other articles, that is, he proposes to make au arrange- ment on the principle of giving and taking. All the Chamber of Commerce proposals that we have yet seen aro based on the same pu'nciple. New South Wales has had differential railway rates for years, in order to induce the woolgrowers in Riverina to send their clips to Sydney rather than to Melbourne, and she is prepared, or it is suggested that she may be prepared, to forego some of them, if South Australia and Victoria will give way on other points. Such bargains as these are being made by the dozen at the present time in Europe," where France, Spain, Germany and Italy are bargaining one with the other, but nobody suspects that fthis means Federation or even an approach to Free-Trade. The move; ment is, in fact, the very antithesis of both. Federation and Free-Trade, but I above all Federation, mean absolutely free intercourse, based on the fact that people know what is best for themselves a great deal- better than any Government possibly can. As soon as there are proposals for a bargain it is obvious that the .principle in both cases is abandoned, and that what is sought to be done is something which will rather tend to prevent than to pro- mote the union and free intercourse of the colonies as a'whole. *' j In fact, these commercial treaties, of which we hear a great deal just now, are a very bad sign indeed. They show that the hope of Federation within a short time is given np. They are an admission that these celonies must follow in the old fashioned methods of Europe, which it was thought that the adoption of Free-Trade in England would put an end to for ever. How absurd, cumber ous,and inimical topeace those methods were, history shows in almost every page devoted to commerce, but they remain to the present' day, and are as potent for evil in Europe at this hour as they were centuries ^ago. And, they will remain thus strong for evil so long as people, that is the trading and producing class, are unable to dis- cern that their true gain must come from what they buy, not from what they sell. This simple fact, which is still a puzzle to the majority of mankind, has not yet been learned in these colonies any more than in Europe, which is the reason why we have such extraordinary tariffs, and we find candidates and legislators going in headlong for new Border duties, in order to gain the votes of the Country Party. A little, a very little, con- sideration will show that what is going on is the very converse of Federation evon in its roughest and most crude form, for the process is one of putting on vexatious taxes in one direction, and making a bargain to take them off in another. Eveiything done in this way is, in fact, another barrier in the way of Federation. Every bargain struck is but a method of making it to the inteiest of a num- ber of persons not to have free inter- com se between the colonies as a whole, so that new obstacles to Fedeiation aie created, and further damage to the cause of nationality done. Our^. predictions about Föderation hftvo so far boon Torified as to, per- haps, lend some force to what wo may still have to say on the subject. Wo pointed out that tho method pursued was tho wrong one. Wo resisted the demand, unhappily yielded to, of tho SydneyoudMclbournoProssforthoopen discussion ofpreliminaucs, and wo said that tho politicians, woro the wrong men to whom to confide solely such a woik. Wo can say now that the signs do not poiut to Federation, but in tho opposite direction. The very people in Sydney who now profoss to bo eager for it, would be the first to stand in its way, if a now movement was started to-morrow. They aro not prepared to accept the conditions on which Federa- tion alone is possible, nor aro they pre- pared to let the work bo ¿one about in the only practicable manner, , lu saying this, which soems to us ' to be what is fairly deduciblo from tho actual state of affairs, wo do not deny that thero is a desire for free inter- course which finds expression in Various ways, but tho making of reciprocal tieaties will not promote it. !We have little doubt, indeed, that if a clear and - honest appeal was made to the people on the question of Federation, tho answer would,be ovorwholmingly in the affirmative, and yet, so strangely do public affairs go, the very people who would thus answer aro ready to give their ardent support to duties and treaties which are the very opposite to anything like federal action. In the menntimo, it will bo as well not to delude omsclvcs about signs which do not mean what we desire, but only show that we aro not ready for a great change which would sweep all restrictions away. Tun opposite views which may bo taken of che sumo ovent are strongly brought out In regard to tho d'scovory ot gold in Austra'la, as emphasised in tho rocently pub- lished correspondence of Carlyle with Sir C. G. Duffy. Carlyle was of opinion that the maddest oecupa'tion that people iu ' « now country could engage in, was that o'hrulnlrig for gold, 'liuf'he does not say why, .orondead, back up this opinion with any reasons wHatovei. It is oaay, howover, to imagino what his reasons'?were. Un- doubtedly light as ho has proved to'be on in my points ¡ti regard to the doings and occupations of men, and especially as to lint falso philanthropy which so often found and docs still find expression in regard "to tho improve nent of tho people, he still failed to grasp the significance of I many things under eyes. ,In truth, few persons from any antencdent data could havo prcdioted what mining for gold would prove to bo in these colonies, whero an encrgetio, woll-bchavod and generally well informed population was brought together, whiuh dtap'aycUV love of law and order unpirallelcd in «uoli circumstances in any other part of ,ther world. This view of Carlyle'« stands out in vivid contrast to that of the late Bishop of Melbourne, who saw in thu discovery of gold a special act of Provi- dence,- designed to »use tho peopling of counhrjes previously but little regarded cxccpt-aamiituble for tho giowth of wool. Wo are'afrjid that the reasoning of Bithop Perry would not bear a very oloso examina- tion,inasmuchasthepcoplingof Australia may bo said.to havo boon assured long before gold was thought to exist in lurge quantities, though, of course, the development would havo been far less rapid than it proved with the, stimulant that tho gold fevor gavo to imtnfgration. Moreover, wo may conjecture that if Providence had desigaod to have the country peopled rapidly, many other ways could have boon found than the gild d s co\ery, and ways which might havo led to loss disappointment that was common to tho search for the hidden treasure. With this, however, wo oro not concornod. Wo only desiro to notieo now tho singular contrast between tho views of two men who had at least the merit of bringing a great deal of thought to bear upon the subjeot. Cer- tainly, the views are wide as tho poles asunder. Tim desire for a new Parliament House so often expressed in this colony, and in others, too, whero thero is not a fine pile of build- ings devoted to tho use of tho representatives of tho people, recalls the saying about tho United States, that they ire apt to mistake bigness for greatness. This error of tho mind does not chnracteriBO legUlatho matters alone It is ouo common onough in nuny ways. It affects, certainly, tho Press as much as the legislative body, and, in truth, is rather a featuro of much,that is done at the present day. If wo turn to our theatricaldovelopments wo shall find thesamo thing going on, for the reliance is mainly upon Boonery,'roal water, real animals on thostagcand what uro called realistio effects. All these things mean, as a general rulo, an attempt to compensate for intellectual strength by strength in another and a lower way, Now, it is to be remarked, that what wo may call mechanical excellence, oven tho production of mcohunical i wonders in tho way of machinery and organisation, aro Within tho powor of a vory ordinary class of intellect, Tboy uro tho results of consider- able intelligence, applied with thought and skill, and the gradual discovery of new moclmnioil appliances. But, they do not so much as touch on that higher intelligence which makes a posplo morally great, and may exist in a community which inteilout ually is a vory inferior one. For example, the Greek plays were produced with but few adjuncts as to sconc-y, and thoy, owed their popularity and power to their own intrinsic excellence. Shakespeare's plays weio acted in a way which would be regarded now as fatal' to any real success or enjoy- ment, and yet it is not to bo doubted that the men of tho days of Elisabeth derived as -nuch satisfaction from them as the audiences which now witness all tho scenic oflocts Again, no doubt the nowspiper of the present day is a wonder in many ways. Even in the matter of writing it is superior generitlly to newspapers of any previous time, but still we »lull do well to bear in mind that tho supremo thoughts-" the thoughts that sinke mankind"-are not found to day to be more common than they were when pcoplo wrote with a stylo on a waxen tablot. Legislators may take the hint. Jove is Jove even in a thatched oott ige, and marble paluces will not make incapable legislators capable, or even givo them the importanco which they desire. WL. have already givon some particulars a to tho production of gold and silver in theso oolonics, as well as soma other mineral products, and, no doubt, many persons will desiro to learn what are the figures relative to tin. For, this is ono of the metals for which this colony is already famous, and Is, lot us hop >, destined to become oven mero so, although we aro able to boast that we have the largest tin mino in tho world. For, thero remain in various parts of tho colony wl'at wo may call mountains of tin stono, which somo day will bo mado to yield up its treasures, though up' to the present date the working of tin lodes has not proved \ cry successful, for reasons which havo benn oxpluiued at various times in our columns, but «liich do not as yet seem to bo fully undei stood, It is to be noticed that for the year 1800 Tasmuuiu stood highest of all the colonies in the pro 1 ' -t '' duction of this metal, iho having produced 33 6 per cont. of tho total quantity obtained, whorcas Now South Wales produced only 31 5 por oent., and Queensland 27'2. The quantities producod in tho othor colonies do not require notice. Tho total quantity of tin produced in Aus- tralasia during tho yoar was valued at £500,204, of which Tasmania is credited with £219,8ûS, Now South Waloa with £179,057, and Queensland with £154,903. It is to bo noticed that Now Zealand^-doe» not appear at all in this table, thowell nt one time a tin mino was floated in«, that colony, on tho strength, it JJ as raid, of Bpecimone, which carno -from Tasmania. Tho total quantity of tin obtained iu tliCEo colonies to tho 31st December, 1890, is valued at £14,700,088. Of this quantity Now South Wulos is credited with £5,541,700, or 37 0 'por cent.; Tasmania comes next with £4,711,424, or 31-9 per cout.; Queens- land ia third with £S,808,023, or 25-8 'per cent,; and Victoria is fouilh with £074,010 or 4 6 pur ocnt. Tho other colonies aro nowhere Tin mining in Tasmania 'should have proved moro profitable in 1890 than in Now South Walos, as tho number of pdisous engaged in the industry was only 1,692, whoreas in New South Wales the number Waa 2,345, although tho quantity of metal obtained waa so much les«. ' .ZKKIIAK TOWJT BOARD.-The Minister of Lands bus dofcrrcd the appointment of a day for the election of a Ztehan Town Board, pending tho preparation of a new roll. CHEAP TRAVELLING.-The fates now ad vcrtiserllbotitcoii Launceston and Melbourne by tho Union Steamship Co, viz, 15s/ saloon and 5s. steerage, meals iuc'uded, aro the lowest tates yot announced on this line, and should certainly attract a full comple- ment of passongora on avery bjat crossing tho Straits. lÎAUTii TREMOR.-Mr. C. Brown, head keeper at Kent's Group lighthouse, has for warded a report to tho Alastor Warden of the Marino Boatd of Hobart, na to threo earth tremors whicli woro folt there on the loth ult. The times at which tho tremors occurrod wire 0.40, 0.54, und 0 60. No damage was dono to cither tho tower or the quartera by tho vibration. This ia the second series of disturbances reported thia j ear, tho first being that felt generally over tho southern portion of Australia and Tas- mania. GAKUISO.V PARADE.-Tho above parade was bel 1 last night at the M ilitary Barracks, Lieut.-Colonel \Vaimr, tho local Comman- dant, being in command.' The Artillery jnustered 52 strong, tho officer* being Major Evans (officer commanding), Captain Lewis,' Iiit'uta. Lewis and Forie3t. The R flos- wo'e undor Major Reid, who waa assisted hy Captains Reynolds, Klchardson, Watchorn, and Cutmcar, with 90'rauk and Co. Xho tv hole were put through the firing exorcises,' and ammunition having been Issued a fe.u_j.lt jWv?« fired, after winch ti)ero waa a general review and mardi paat, with little bayonet drill. The parade then headed by the Garrison Bond under Band master Bates, left tho Barracks, marohod down Ma'quuri", Murrey, and Liverpool streets, dismissing at the Post OfHco shortly after 9 o'olock. Tho Ball Committee who have in baud arrangements for tho hall to be he'd ou tho Queen's Birthday, then met, and progress was reported, arrangements being considered generally satisfactory. ClVII. SERVICE SUTERANNUATIO.S FOND. A lurgo mcetiux of Civil servants was held at the Audit Office y OB ti rd ay afternoon, Mr. W. Lovott in the chair. Tho acting secretary, Mr. J. W. Israel, brought up tim roport of tho sub-committee appointed by tho General Committee. Mr. Israel stated that ho had waited upon the Attorney-General, and that gentleman hid promised to draft the Civil Service Bill. Ho also reported that Ur. R. To eco bad been aprointed actuary at an honorarium of £100. Tho in- formation supplied to Mr.Teccc wont to allow that already £100 was in hand, and 14 Civil servants Jiud expressed their willingness to join such scheme,-whilo others would doubt Ices join when it waa completely understood. A quantity of corrcapondence waa thoa toad which liad passed between Mr. Teece and tho secretary. Mr. R. M. Johnston thought tho roport was a very satisfactory and workable one, _Ho thought a meotiug of "confirmation was all that ttaa required by the nommitt o. He moved a motion to that effect. Mr. W. H. White seconded. Carried. Mr. F. Buck asked whether the scheme would embrace "wages men." There were men on the railway, for instance, earning a weekly wage, and he had been asked to see if this class of men would bo included in tho scheme. The Chairman replied that their joining would be allowable but not compatible.- - Mr. F. Belstead thought the report of Mr. Teece and the salient points of the South Australian Teachers' Superannuation Fund should be printo i and circulated among the 440 per- sons about to join the schomc. Mr. Teoce'a report should be printod in extenso. He would movo a motion to that ciTeot, adding tho »ords "and circulated one week prior to tho meeting to bo oallod shortly." Mr., R. M. JohuBton seconded Mr. Back thought the suggestion an excellent one. Tile ques- tion was often atked, " What aro wo to pay and what aro wo to roceive Î " If the printed report and scheme were placed in the banda of thoso interested they would see for themselves, and consider tho matter before the moeting for confii mation WIIB held. A aub committee, consisting of Missrs. Alex. Reid, R. M. Johnston, J. W. Israel, and E. Dobbie, wcio appointed to draw up the re- port previous to its being printed and atreulated. This concluded the business. FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION".-A meeting of the committee of the Football Association waB held lust evening at the Carlton Club Hotel, Mr. J. C. Steelo occupying tho chair. There were present also Metsts. K. E. Burn, J. Mnsteitpn, G. Nettlefold, J. K. Reid, und T. R. Mursdoa (lion, secretary). Ino re- port of tile sub committco appointed to con- sider tho matter of the £100 guarautce ro ferredjo at tho last moating, was adopted. The applioition of the Hobart Club for ad mission to the Association, was deferred to u futuro meeting of the oommitto, Advertise- ments were published for one central (eenior) and oue junior umpire, with two junior goal umpires. Fixtures wcro arranged for the ensuing season, as far as possible, as fol- low :- On tho 21st in,t., Holobrook v. Railway ; 24th, City v. Railway ; 28th, City v. H lubrook. Tho t.tal receipts to bo handed ovor' in connection wich' t tho Hehir benefit match were £34. A number of applications for permita were received and referred to the Permit Committee. Tho op plication of Mr. Andrews in re tho " Foot- > ball Guide," was loft in the bauds of the secretary for considetation. Tho Ground Conunitteo appointed for tho season con- sisted of Messrs. Steele, Rogers, and Mar.-den, and Messrs. Burn, Marsden and Reid wero appointed as members of tho I Match Committee. Tho eonior goal umpires elected for noxt Saturday wore Messrs. Iscttli'fold and R'id, and Mr. Stco'o was olected chairman of committees for tho eoi 3011\. Tlio right to retail liquors will bo sold by publie auction to day, at noon, in the Opou Exchange, by Mr. J. B. Currun. TASMANIAN POULTRY SOOIETV.-A com- mittee meeting of this Society was held last night in the Mechanics' Hall, Mr. J. W. John on presiding. It WUB decided to in- crease members' tickets to 0s., and entry fees wiro fixed as hitherto. Consideration of the question of aioglo entry ia tlio poultry section, and the date for holding the show waa deferred till next moeting. PIOKON SnooTi.se. MATCH.-Nominations for the handicap pigeon match at Kempton on tho 21st ¡nat. for the steeplechase horse Hsrd Times must be sent in to- day. Handi- caps ato to appear on tho 20th ins t., and acceptances will bo taken on tho ground. (Nominators must send £1 with their entry. iNStct IVHTH.-Tlie Rev, E. H. Thomp- son, Government Entomología*, ia to deliver his interesting, instructivo, and popular leoture on " Insect and other Prats" at Mr. George Lucas' Aaaambly-room, Kingston, at half-past 7 o'o'ook thia evening. On Thurs- day avening he will be at the Koonya State achool at 7.30 o'clcck, where the orohardista and others who live in Tasman'« Peninsula will have the same opportunity of gaining us; ful information from his leoture. FAME ALARM.-At 1.20 p.m. yesterday thofire-heil rang out an alarm. A groat volume of smoko waa seen issuing from tho rear of a dwelling-houso in the Glebe, to all appearance as if the house was burning, but it turned out Lo he merely a heap of rubbish on fire. COMIIIMÎD Ciioins.-An important meet- ing und rohcaisal of tho combined choirs bus boen called for this evening. Members ure to assemble at Macken/, o's Academy of Music at 8 o'clock. hi. BARNABAS APSOCIATION.-Tho next work meeting of tile St. Barnabas Associa- tion is lo bo lie'il lo day at Dr. Bright'» rcsidercc, Macqunrie-stiect. TUB AOMIIIATIIIN OFTHK Woiii.D-Mr». S. A. Allen's World's Hnlr Renton» la perfection qiiiikly changing gn y or wliito hair to ti naturnljoutUtul colour ana uuutr. - CiTV POMOK COÜKT.-His Worship tho Mayor and Ahlurninu Davies, J.P., occupfed tho llench at the City Pulioo Court yesterday. Patrick Holden, who filched a pair of boots fromX tho shop of Mr. Luckslono, in E'lzaboth-street, on tho 14th inst,, valued ut Ills., was sent to gani for one month. William Dim I lop and Juno Hnnxklll, two drunkards, wcro fined, the former 5s., or soven days in giol ; and tho lalUr twice thal amount. I HUONVU.LK POLIOKCOURT.- At tho Huon villo Polioo Court.beforo Mr. E. L. Hall.S.M., on tho 13th inst., tho teacher of tho Upp r Huon State sohool sued E. Woolley for school fees. Defendant ploaded guility. Tho complainant briefly stated tho circumstances ami thu probiding magistrate mudo an order fur payment forthwith, in default of pay mont dlsTaiut to bo lovicd, and in dolau t of sufficient dlBtraint ona week's imprison- ment in Franklin gaol. Same v. Woolley. This was a cintilar case to tho preceding one, ,and roiultod in a similar decision. TKSTAMKNTARV.- Tho following probates havo boen isiued :-Joseph Keon to Amiiu Kocn, £02 ; Stanley Molesworth Roomo to 'Henry Abercrombie Roomo, £1,373. TIIKATRK ROVAL. - Wliorover liyrou's well-known comedy of Our Boys is pro- duced it navor fails lo attract a large audi- ence, und last night, when it was put on by tho Gaiety Comody and liurlosquo Company ut tho Thoatro Royal, was no exosption to tho rulo. Tho comedy sparkles with irresistible humour, and ft would bo a poor company indood that could no1 maka a Buccess of it. While there woro soma deficien- cies noticeablo last night, tho peí formalice was all round a vory creditahlo one, und tho audionco entered into tho spirit of tho piteo and applauded tho efforts ot tho pccfoniioM. Mr. J. Wilkinson took chiof honours us tim self-mado man, Perkyii Middlowlok, tho butter merchant. His acting wns vtry effeotivo, and causad no omi of fun. Mr. Percy St. Joho maila a dignifUd Sir Geoffroy Champnajs,and "Tho Hoys" »ero ably represented by Messrs. W. Arrowsmith and H. A. Crib'icn, the formor oreutiog a very favourable impriBsion as tho model nineteenth century dude. Violet and Maty Melrose wcro carefully delineated by Miss E. Markham and Miss Alioo St. John, but Miss L. Forbes appoarcd rather hampored as tho aristocratic old aunt, Cluussa Champueys, and looked as if sha would have felt moro at caso gliding through the mazy dance. Thocomody was well staged, and went smoothly thioughout, It will bo repeated to-night. ALI. SAINTS' CIIOIII CONCERT.-It is an- nounced in our advertising columns that a concert will bo givou by tho choristers of All Saints' Church in tho parish schoolroom on Monday oveuiug next, the 23rd inst., being the first of a series of entertainments Willoh it is intended to hold during tho winter months. The ono now announced wulbu given solely by members of the ohoir, and a diversified programme is boing an ango 1, consisting of vocal and instru- mental music, a guitar serenado, a whistling solo, auarrutivo of pcrio-ial experiences,' oto. The project should commcnd'itsolf particu- larly to parishioners. , ST. DAVID'S LITERARY SOCIETY. - The first meeting of St. David's Literary Society is tobo held in St. David's schoolroom this evening at half-past 7 o'clock. ' Hilltop Montgomery is to _ doliver the opening lecture, which promises to be specially in- teresting in that it comprises personal reminiscences of some of tho leading mou of tho present century. ST. JOHN'S. MACQUAniB-STitKiiT.-A tea meeting and ooncort will bo held at tho school-room, Macquario-streot, this evening, in connection with St John's Presbyterian Church Association, Toa at 6,30. AFTERNOON CONCERT.-A featuro of tho matinée, musicale by Messrs. Arnold and Barnott at the Temporáneo Hall on Wednes- day next wi 1 be the performance by tho concert-givers of tho sonutu in D minor by Vol» (lade for violin and piano. Tho cele- brated quartette in E flat by Schubert will form the concerted work for tho Arnold string quarto te. ORPHEUS CLUH CONCERT.-On Thursday evening next ut the Town Hull, as already announced, n concert will bo given by members of this society. Mr. Harry Smith, of New Zealand, will moko his bow before u Hobart audience, and as his fame as a singer has procédai him, his performance will be looked forward to with much iutorcst by musical people. Mr. ft. F. Young will contributevarioiu humorous items, including tho vocal frenzy " Ta-ra-ra-bootn-de-ay," which for some inscrutable reason is tho presont rugo in concert ditties. Mrs. Eltham, Miss Oortie Eginton, and Mr. 3. vV. Gould will also render fuvourito item'. TRENCH CLASSES.-Mademoiselle Cooilia Guilbert, who arrived from England in tin Rimutuka, proposes starting Fiovch classes in Hobart. The method which she intends pursuing is Pierro Sarousso's, which is now used in lill tho colleges in Paris and Brusjcls, le is ou tir. ly French. Miss Gui bert bus been educated in Paris and tiuvellod a great deal, and should meat with Buccess in her proposed élusses for young ludioc, csjscoially as tho number of pupils will bit strictly limited, SI'I'.EDINO THE PAKÏINO GUEST.-Tho Hokitika Leader of recent date gives tho following paragraph, referring to u son of Mr. Turloton, P.M., of this city :-"A number of gentlemen usBcinblcd at the Empira Hotel last evening for the purpose of having a parting glass of wino with Mr, Tarleton and cay ing farewell to him. The Hon. Tarleton'» health, spoke of tho doep esti- mation in which ho was held by the com- munity, and the rcgrot they felt at his departure. In acknowledging the toast Mr. Turloton said that ho was sorry to lcavo tho many kind friends ho had mado horo, and also sorry to le ive the place, which ho liked exceedingly. Hn would not havo sought to Ioavo only ho liked tho Elace ho was goiag to(IIobait) very mncli otter wbioh thoy must all agruo was a very natural feeling on his part. Ho had always oxporiencod a longing dosiro to get la.lt thero again and his withcB were at length tobo realised. At tim same limo bo could assure them that he would not forgot his mauy friendj hero nor tho kind oxpreBiions of good feeling which had been so strongly manifested during tho last,two days. Ho had been a resident of Hokitika fur tho last fivo years and would carry jiway with bim mnny pleasurablo recollections of it. Tho gathering dispersed, after wish- ing Mr, Tarleton u prosperous career." The M'est Coast Times, also publiihpd at Hokitika, says :-" Mr. Tarleton bids fare- well to Hokitika in orilor to take up the position of Inspector of,the Commercial flank of Tasmania, Hobart. In takingleavo of him wo do so with the most sincero rcgrot. Ho has during his livo ycara' irsidcuco taken ii very wurin interest m the advance- ment of tho town' and district, has shown himself public spirited in tho highest si nie, and hihi» pri vate life hasalways boen amostes timab'ccilizcn. Weean ill allordtosparohim. A vory pleasant and interesting coremeny took place at tho Bank of Mow Zealand on Wednesday evening by way of saying good byo to Mr, Tarleton, tho manager, on tho ovo of his doparturo. Mr. W. H. Anow, tho accountaut, on b half of tho staff in tho Westland district, proseuted Mr. Tarleton with a silver inkslund and peu nnd penoil case, and in doing so spoko of tho courteous and considerate manuel which Mr Tarleton had ahvoy displayed to his officers, and the friendly relations existing bttweon them, Mr. W. H. Brown, agent at Kumara, endorsed Mr. Arrow's remarks, end in wishiog Mr. Tarloton a successful and pro permis uarcor in Tasmania, oxpressed his appreriation of tho cordiality which Mr. Tarloton had always infused into their intercourse. Mr. Tarleton, in acknowledging the p esiilla- tion, thanked tho officers of the bank for their gift, and also for tht ir kindly expres- sions, which nou'd bave a lasting impres- sion on his mind. Ho cou'd not with them good bye without acknowledging their /cal and attention to their ilutns, and their manifest devotion to the interest of the bank. In the cveuing Mr. Tarleton was entertained at dinner by a number of friends at Keller's Hotel, at which many compli inentary references were mado to his manage- ment, and wishes expressed for a prosperous career." " Actions ipesk loader than worrtr..' Din't talk about cleaning horns, but got SAfOLlO. SAPOUO. SAPOLIO. and do It Hspollo Is a solid cake of scouring Soap uied for all (.loaning purposes. Sold bj- Grocers Druggists, and Ironmongers. REMIPHH' Foo».-Tim most delicious, nutritive and discutible. For lofant», children and Invalida ; "rotaliiod wbon all other foods are rejected," and re counuonded by all tbo leading physicians and the whole ot tho medical profession. Awarded tho gold modal of the International Health Exhibition, London, and hlghest award Melbourne Exhibition, 1388\. Of nil Storekeepers, in tins, at Is Oil, us Oil,, and As. Manufacturers, Alottershod & Co., man- chester, England AgontH-Mulhourno, fulton, Grluiwado and Co ; Sydney, Killin Uros.. Hobart agent. 11. T, Gould,tim Uoiuo'uoalhlc I'liurmaiy Vl.OllII.INK ¡FOU TUX 'J'KKTII AND JlllIMTl.- A lew Icons o( tho llijuld " Florlllno " sprinkled on a wet tooth brush uroduces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly clcauHca tho tooth from all parasites or Impurities, hirdons tho quins, provont» tartar, stops decay, glvco to tho tcoth a peculiar poarly whltonoss, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all uuplo ant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobaoso smoko. " Hie I ragrant Hlorllluo," being com- posed in part of bono} «nu sweet borba ia delicious lo tho taste, and tbo gioateat tollot discovery of the age. ['rico lu. ed , of all chemisti and uerfumert. Wholuoild depot, 83, Farrlngdon-Road, London, England. 