CHAPTER II.F S THE. YTSTEBT OF.TE BAnP.. That night, being tired from the day's work and the fresh air,. I soon fell asleep, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and mysterious music. Suddenly I l awoke, and as I collected my thoughts, the sounds of musle fell upon my ears, but not the mousa which I had heard in my dreams. It was the musio i of a harp lightly touched, and yet with exquieite feeling. I do confess that afltr all Sir Charles had told me, I began to feel superstitious for the first time in my life; but for all that I was not to be done. So getting out of bed hastily, I put on my clothes, I taking care, however, not to put on my boots; for I wished to steal about the house as noiselessly as I possible. - c The mnusi had ceased by now, and all the house t seemed wrapped in silence. Taking up the lamp I I gently unlocked my door, and stole out into the I corridor. ' All quiet. Indeed, after the shock my nerves i had reoeived, all seemed to me most unnaturally quiet, and I could realise the old saying-" :Is still I as deald,' . - I was about to return to my own room when the sharp report of a pistol emote upon my ear. It was followed by a faint cry, and both came from the. room lately occupied by Sir Charler, and now I tonanted by his adopted son. I soon found that i not I alone had heard the report of the pistol. The household had been aroused, and lighte began to flit about. "Quick, quick I" I cried. " Come here I" '" What is it, sir? What is the matter I" de mended many of the servants as they hurried to wards me. "' don't know. But follow me." I would sooner have entered the room alone, but that could net be. We knocked at the door and called on-Mr Standing, but no reply came. So, ordering one cr two others to help me, we burst in the door. George Standing lay on the bed as pale as death. Indeed, when I first eawhim I believed he was dead; but the servants dashed water over his face, and I alter a little while he recovered. In faus, I thought he recovered somewhat sooner than was natural. " Let '2e get out of this horrid room I" he cried. " I have seen it-1 have seen it I" " Seen what ?" demanded the servants, eagerly. ."Mr Standing," I said, sternly, "are you a rewaerd, that a dream could have so frightened you 1 Think how ill Sir Charles L?ster ie. By the way," I continued; turning to the servants, "some of you I had better goand'eeo how Sir Charles is. This mad freak-nigctmlare, or whatever it is-may have greatly alarmed him. The rest can go to bed. I I will remain with CIr Standing." Of course the servants did not like this, as it did t not satisfy their curiosity; but as Mr Standing, I much to my surprise, ordered the people to obey I me.they did so most reloutantly.. When we were :alone, and the'door securelyIc loeked, I turned upon Mr Standing, and said, I t,.iotly : I "Mr.Standing, I am not to be humbugged. What I is the meaning of this little game?" , C Game !' ho exclaimed. °"I do not understand I you.: What do you mean ?" He tried to look indignant, but I could see that he moved about uneasily, and there was that trembling t of the upper-lip which no honest or truthful man 1 \--er has. ' "l'a.-...t mean this. -''ios-not believe a word about the ghoer'- I hlieve you havFeuoa. ' orely to frighten Sir Charles. 1 ao ent believe in hoet, and therefore I do not for one moment credit that I Mre Herbert Looester amusea himself by marching about these rooms at the dead of night. Sir Charles I is ill; he has been very sevore with his eon, whose I death has been a heavy blow to him. Naturally, in 'll#;P $ Iw his imagination runs wild, and he I that his heated thoughts shoula ruiin upn nss':bol I But you are different. From what I can hear, there never was much love between you and Mr Herbert. lou could only conjure up such a vision from oore cause." SIndeed I And what may that cause be " he esid, with a forced laugh and a meaning glance at ; To hill Sir Charles with fear and remorse. You know the nervous state he is in, and any great shook 'mighti Ibehli death. Take my advise, air; go and see the baronet at once. Tellhim it must have been a dream." " S" y heavens, its:vnr eOt I" cried the young fellow, qouickly. "Very well, then, if you will not go I must," I said, quietly. "Only I thought you could have mside the story eo as to suit your purpose better than 1 shall be able to do." lHe thought for a moment, and then hastily wrap ing a dreesing-gown about himself, thrust his feet into his'llippere, and, muttering something about being ready to do what I wished, although he saw no use in it, left the room. • I.:aited intil I was eure he would not return, then locked. the door. I seized the lamp, and turned the light up a little way so that I could see better. Then I began to exoamine the place carefully whore the spectre was said to have disap peared.::., , ' ," ' The wall appeared solid enough. I tried it gently with my knockles, but no sound of liollowness was given forth. Soddenly my eyes were arrested by a spot on the polished boards. I knelt down and ex. amiried it carefully. It was wet, nod when I touched it I foniid that it was blood. Yes, blood I I traced it on and on, drip by drip, until I came to the recosa by the old-fashioned tire. place., Hire they ceased. I esamined the waincot carefully, and at lkst discovered what appeared to be a small curved knob, which I Ecrewed round,and found that the oak panel on which it was fixed yielded at once to my touch, and I discovered a narrow opening, in which was a staircase. I found the secret of the spring inside, and then, hav ing entered the pasenge, closed the d'or carefully behind me. Up, up, up I went, for the staircase was spiral, when at iast I found myself opposite another door, vhioh 1 examined careiully, and soon dis0overed a similar spring as in the door below. I was about to touch it, when low, sweet sounds of glorious music rosy softly on the air-so softly that I could scarcely believe it to be oel this earth. I turned the light of the lamp down until it was only a spark, and then placed it upon the asep. I turned the steret spring, pushed open the door, which onened noisalessly, and crept into the lum. bar-roon--for the sound told me that was the aenrtmcnt said to be haunted. It was a fine long roost, lighted only on one side by low, cabled win dows, through which the litful light of the moon nome and then ceeamed as ehe broke thrugh storm rent cloulda. By this light I managed to see that ; ;ere wre heaps of old furniture and such like Sithings about, looking moot ghost like in the gloom. IlBut one object tieed my attention, and I became blcid to all others. It wan a young msan who was Sseated at a harp, the etriogI of which he touched pl intively, whilst Iris pale fucs was turned with a sotrowful loek to the wiudow. I I:nw it in an instant. It was that of IiHerbert Leotor, but so ghnstlly pale that .lmoost belcved it wao a ghoat. Presently he touel-d the striegs ratier louder, cmdiu" folrth the weird sounds which lI-ti so BsetlS d thie hoteehoid. ' Well." tcough's I, ' anoything more like a ghost I 1 never esw. BUt reo'ou tlell mt ghosts connol I pul harp vtrineg; so ihere gone." I stole gently up bhihd' him, Lut striking some I haing wvith my Inot, the sound attracted his attelln go.n "Herlie~r Lester, what is the meaning of this folly ?' I said. There was no doubt he was thero, flesh and bone now; for he turned roun I and grappled with me with a strength that I oould not have believed so frail a creature could have pusoseoeed. However, I soon had him under my control, and said : "Listen to me, sir. 1 am your friend, although the way I may have to behave may not seem like it. We have not a minute to lose ; .a if you please, you will just toell me ivhat the whol aff ir mans, hiding ndthing from me. r-emmbcr, 1 ?ay, I am your friend, and I mean it. Come; speak out, and do not hide a thing." The young f.llow saw that I was right, and briefly told me all. 