THE LAST OF THE BROAD GAUGE. {By a Correspondent of the ,St. James's Garcttn ) South Devon. Sundav nisrht. Mav 22. I wonder whether people who drive along the Embankment to the city on Monday morning, and who chance to look out near the Temple station for a familiar statue bearing the in scription "Isambard Kingdom Brunei, died 185!'," will find the statue fallen from its pedestal and shivered into a thousand pieces on the pavement or wholly vanished into thin air? Certain it is that the great engineer's ghost, if it still concerns itself with sublunary matters, will have had an uneasy time during the_ past few weeks, culminating in positive torture during the last three days; for with one long-premeditated swoop Brunei's ungrateful children of the Great Western Railway have swept off the face of this earth once and for all that broad gauged line which was the pride of his engineering skill and the darling of his heart. The continuous longitudinal sleepers on which the rails were laid, with the light " transoms" at intervals connecting them and keeping them in place, as opposed to the transverse sleepers of other engineers, the strong seawalls on the coast of Devonshire, the wonderful trestle bridges spanning the deep valleys and streams of Cornwall, were all creations of the same _ master-brain that scorned the mere sordid question of expense in con structing a railway, and insisted on the smooth running broad-gauge as the finishing touch which would make the great line to the West of England absolutely the safest and most comfortable travelling road in Great Britain. When the famous "battle of the gauges" was raging at its fiercest the imperious Brunei is said to have declared that if he thoughb it necessary to have every railway sleeper planed and varnished and every rail enamelled, on his own line, it should be done. For S3 years after his death the spell of his name has been potent enough to with stand the elsewhere universal narrow-gauge and transverse sleeper. But at last the final struggle and rush in the battle of the gauges has taken place, and the last stronghold has been stormed. It has taken a long time to undermine the old fortress in preparation for the final assault of the last few hours. From Paddington to Exeter there has been for some years a treble line of rails on which broad and narrow gauge trains have been able to travel interchangeably; but from Exeter to Penzance and Falmouth, with the exception of a few miles of the mixed system here and there, the broad gauge has maintained its supremacy. Whatever opinion may be expressed as to the comparative comfort enjoyed by passengers travelling on the old or the now system, tho transhipment of goods from other parts of the country from the narrow to the broad gauge waggons, and the inconvenience of being obliged to keep up the two systems on a great part of the line, were the chief causes which made the chaDge inevitable. All along the 1G0 miles of exclusively broad gauge which has now been converted, minute preparations have been in progress for tho last few weeks in order that the finishing touches might be put as: soon as the signal was given. For more than a week beforehand every tran aorn connecting the longitudinals was bhree parts sawn through at the exacb poinb which would reduce the 7-ft. distance between the rails to 4 ft. 81 in., as at present. The space intervening between the old position of the sleeper and rail which had to bo moved, and their new position was carefully cleared of all earth and stones, and all that was required was to finish sawing through the transom and to push one Bleeper and rail so many inches nearer the other. Te accomplish the final conversion in the fifty hours which the Great Western Railway Company allowed itself, an army of 5,000 men was drafted with military precision and posted with military accuracy at given stations all down the line. Dotted along the coast by the picturesque red cliffs from Exeter to Plymouth, amid giey granite boulders and on grassy hillsides from^Plymouth to Penzance, are the white tents which form the encamp ments_ of this army'ofsldlled labor, drawn from far distant English midlands, aud even from Wales. A very pleasant holiday it was for many of the inland men during the spare hours of rest they had before the real hard work began. By the beautiful coast which fringes the railway past Stareross, Dawlish, aud Teignmouth, so like the much-vaunted line from Pisa to Genoa, with its glimpses of blue sea and fertile shore, ever and anon blotted, out Jby tantalising tunnels, scores of workmen might have been seen on Thursday and Friday afternoons wandering over the sands and rocks and enjoying the glorious scenery and weather which have distinguished the sunniest May known for many years in the West of England. Many were collecting treasures in the way of shells and seaweed; and one ancient navvy, who had probably never beheld the sea before was seen to march down to the shore and fill a large medicine bottle with sea water, solemnly cork it, and put it in his 'pocket with the -greatest care! A finer and better behaved body of working men could not be found' in the whole kingdom than this well - trained army of railway workers, whose occupation, besides mere bodily strength, requires skill, discipline, and courage to a very high degree. Mean while an almost endless procession of trucks, trollies, vans, brakes, and passenger-coaches of all patterns, old and new, went lumbering along for days towards the shambles at Swindon, where 15 mile3 of broad gauge has been laid down for their reception, and where they are being either mercilessly destroyed as unfit for further use, or transformed by another vast army of workmen collected there into narrow gauge rolling-stock. _ It is boasted that the change can be effected in 10 minutes, but I cannot vouch for that fact. At the same time narrow gauged stock, new and converted, has been sent round, via the South-Western Eailway, to Plymouth, that a stock might be accumulated there in readiness for the change. I noticed at Exeter various inscriptions in white chalk which had been scrawled on the departing phantoms of the old regime as they wound their long lengths slowly through the station. "Good-bye, old bone-shaker," wa3 the legend on one heavy, old-fashioned waggon. "Erom the broad way to the narrow way," some Seripturally-minded wag had scribbled on another. Noticeable on Friday afternoon and evening among the heterogeneous collec tion of old plant collected from every nook and cranny of every little station along the line, and now on its way to Swindon were strings of doloful-looking engines, in all stages of repair and decay, towed by their more for tunate fellows whose fires still burned brightly, and who puffed proudly along tho road in the old style_ for tho last time. As soon as the station sidings were empty they were in a very few hours converted to narrow gauge, and by Friday nothing that human forethought could devise had been left undone to make the final conversion a speedy one when once the fated hour should arrive. By this time every alter nate transom had been entirely sawn off at the right place, and those who watched the line from a few feet off fancied that they would rather not be in the last few passenger trains that steamed by. -As I did not take the advice of a Hibernian friend and app y for a pass to take me all over the line during the precise period that the traffiewas stopped I had to be content with watching the operations on one section of two miles, luckily in the most picturesque part of all the beautiful Devonshire coast. The night was mild and calm, and the moon had not yet risen when a few minutes after 11 o'clock the last down train leaving London at 5 p.m. flashed past us. The down line was now clear, and the ganger of the next section to ours took the opportunity of beginning operations on that lice at once. But our ganger knew exactly how much time he had to spare, and quietly retired to re3t early in the evening, ex pressing his intention not to start till 4 a.m. after the last up mail train should have passed on its way to London. By the time the mail pa_ssed_ the moon had risen; but a very brief reign it enjoyed, for the summer dawn was already beginning to brighten the eastern sky. Half a dozen empty trains, including the one which had passed us going westward at 11 the night before, followed the mail, and before 5 o'clock the line from Penzance to Exeter was absolutely clear of all broad-gauge traffic. TheD, with thesun shining on sea aud headland and the birds singing gaily among the apple blossoms, the little well-appointed company of $0 men issued from their tent, and to the accompaniment of cuckoo, blackbird, and surging wave, the saw severed the remain ing transoms, the great crowbar lifted the longitudinal to its new position, and hammer and screw were busy on rail and rivet. Not one detail had been forgotten. On a straight piece of lino the operation was simple; but where the curves came and the narrowing of the gauge required a different length of rail there the new rail was found lying ready, and in a few seconds it was rivetted on to the sleeper. Soon after 7 a-.m. the whole of the two miles of down rail was transformed into narrow gauge; by 9 o'clock it had been gone over a second time,_ the gauge had been accurately tested, the rivets had been finally screwed in, and the packing adjusted; and by this time as far as ordinary mortal could see the line was in perfeet condition for travelling. As a re markable instance of the unfailing memory for all iminutiie displayed by the Great Western offic-ials, I observed about 10 a.m. a party of navvies trundling themselves from point to point on the up-line in a broad-gauge trolly, while another party passed along the already converted down-line on a narrow-gauge trolly. Soon after midday a pilot-engine and break appeared from tho direction of Exeter, and carefully felt their way on the down-line to beyond Teignmouth, returning at a higher rate of speed in the afternoon. The sections on either side of our own had been converted with equal rapidity, and again beyond these sections on either side were streohes of railway which had been laid for some time past on eleven-foot transverse sleepers; here an inner rail had been placed in readiness some time before, and nothing therefore was left but to remove one of the outer ones. By three o'clock on Saturday afternoon the gauge on both up aud down line had been altered ; by sunset we heard that from Exeter tc Plymouth at least, if not the whole way to Falmouth and Penzance, trains could have been run without much risk. Instead of the fifty hours allowed, the work was in some sort of decent order in twenty, and after the long day's labor on Saturday it was only necessary to give a few finishing touches to-day. Rivets and bolts were finally proved, 'and the earth made up compact and firm between the sleepers. 