SPOUTING NOTES EliOM QUEENSLAND. (tboit ova own oobbebpondiht.) BniBBANB, Sunday. Tnttoroall'0 lCuoes. The Brisbane Tattersall'a Clnb finished up thoir Spring raoo-mo&tlug; on Mouday last, and I am aeaurred on good authority that tbey onmo out with a profit of somuthiuT moro than a century, which, oouaiilerinjj the times, muat be vogurded aa a cutisfiujtory rosult. But for a bit of bail lnck on tho Beoond day tho olub would have ciono much better, for owing to a uiyntorioua disappear ance of a lot of money iu aonnoction with tho management of the Nowman-Edclin totalisa tor maohines, thoy are naid to have sufforod a loss of £80 or £100. It is reported, and the secretary of tbo club haa publicly admitted the accuracy of the ct&tomeut;, that about £160 could not bo accounted for on tho first day. Iu oonaequouco of this tho stewards, to protect thomaelvoo, withdrew from tho machino tho percentage at tbo closo of oaoli of the subsequent racea, and as things went wrong again it waa imposaiblo for the tota officials to moot tho demands made upon by winning tiokot-holders, bo that tho clab was dbligod to coma to the roscuo. Mr. J. G. Byrne, tho Beoretary, asBOi'ts that the machinca workod all right, but that tho loss waa duo to bad manaxomeut. It ia, of course, only natural tlir.t the 3tewards, though thoir secretary, should Rcok to shield the machine and thns justify thoir preforenoo for it ovor Hnrrin' aystdni, whioh originated through a disagreement oauEod by thb notorious Button5-Ralaton affair, and ro aultod in Harris' favor when tested in a oourt of law; but it wob, on tbo faoo of it, a Billy thing for tho clnb to ask its secretary to write to thb papers in auoh a strain, because it is impossible for anyone to say what canfied tbo loss. It niny havo boen the fault of tho em ployoBB, or the maobinea may have gono wrong; All that tho publio know ia that the Newman-Eohlin totalisator spoilt tho olub'a profits on the meeting, and if tLo TattorsaU'a Btowairda are alive to thoir own interests they will do in futuro what they should havo dona long ago, aud go bock to tho systom whioh gives all-ronnd satisfaction. Tho racing on the socondday of the meoting provided a good day's sport, and tho day bailiff a publio holiday, a good crowd rolled up to witness it. The westorn horse, Boobe-de-mor, in the opening ovont provod how far my esti mate of him was wrong by carrying a muoh heavier woight than on tho first day, and win ning tho milo and a halt Hurdlo Eaob comfor fortably from an outsider named Lightfoot in tho good time of 2min 57 l-5aoo. Cotley kopt tho little fellow near tho front all the way, and whon it camo to racing for the last fenoo he soon had Llghlfoot in trouble by his superior pace, xjocuq 10 nos uy any moaua a bod littlo horso, and ovor hia own journey, with a roasonabla woight in the unddlo, he ehoiild go very near winning a raoe over tho Btlcko at Binuwibk, -whore it is understood ho will ahordy show himself. Tho Clarence Eivor bred maro Brown and Eose, who is by Stookdale from Ivy, put up a great porfor manoe in tho Valley (Soiling States, in whioh aha beat the haudEoma- galloway Loon Mohr by a length aftor a slashing &ot-to;, and ooVored the five furlonjfs utter jrcttiuif off badly in lmin 8seo. Tho Wandering Jow.wtio had porformed no SiBappointiri(;ly in the Cnp raoo, waa mado a great 'favorito for thia event, but onoe again his supporters woro doomed to disappointment, as he -was left at tho post whoii the flap fell, arid never hud a ghost of a oha'udb. So far the Jew has boon an expensive toy to bia owndr, Mr. Jim Kesbit, bnt I Bholl bo much miEtakon if lio does not Rome day mako amends for hia defeats. Ever since ho was a two- year-old tho colt has suffered a lot with hia teotli, and Ilia trainera have novor boon able to build him np onongh to givo him a cbnhd preparation. Porhapa in tliB autumn he will let ua Bee whathoisroallymadoof. Momah, tho Cnp winner, and Advance wero made 'dqhal farorifoa for tho Australian Plats, and thoy fiiifshbd in tho same ordar as on tho Saturday, althongh the mate, in my opinion, did not win on hor merits. From the distance post she bee/an to bore out, and, being about throo parts of a length in front of Advanoo, Bho foroed the gelding over towardo tho fenco, and gavo him no Bhow whatever of hoadiuj hor. Tho stewards muat, if they wero in their placea and had oyea in their heads, havo Been jevery thlng that took place in tho straight, bnt they took no notion, beoauxo the owner of the second borso dldnot tntor a protest, and of courso the rnQo went to Momah, who thua ap propriated tho two leading handicap eventa of tho DicotiDQ*. Tho raoo waa a good ono all tho way until thoy oanio into tho straight, aud had Advanoo not lot Memah up on the inside ho would, in all probability, havo beaton her. Tho ton furlongs took 2min 12 1-fisoo, noli a bad porformunoo. A soiling phitor named Orator had tho impudence (for you oould call it nothing olao) to go against King Olaf in tbo Normanby w.f.a. Stakoa, run ovor a milo and a furlong, and of oourae tho haudaomo King played with him juat aa a cat would play with a mouse, and oantorcd ovor him at tbo finish. Thoro woro ton youngcters loft in the Nursery Handicap, for whioh tho Darnvill colt Daroll waa rando a favorito at 3'a, whilo Omar and Triton woro the noxt ianoied. The winner, however, turned up iu Cooeo, who started at an outsido prico, ami won a fair atako for bis ownerin a tradosnmnlito manner, cominEr at tbo ri[rht end, and finishing well a length in front of littlo M.L.A., with Omar third, in lmin 4 2-5seo. Tbo last event on tho card was tho Sherwood Handicap, u. bovou furldng spin. Accepted, Queen Olive, lloso of Drayton, aud Clythowore the most fancied, and the first throo finished in the ordor named. Aa in the Australian Plato race, bowovor, tho second horse here alBO was provouted from winning by tho boring of Accepted, nnd tho thing was so glariug that everyone oxpoctod the atowards to weigh _QueoH Olive in tha winner. But they did nothingof the sort, and whou Mr. Murray, the owner of the Qunon, put in a protest, they made a farco of tho wholo affair by listening to a lot of gurblod evidence given by boya who rode in tha raco, aud dis miBscd tho protest because Borne of tho boyB asserted impossibilities, and this tho otowards must, or should, have known. Tho inaction of the Tatteraall's stewards in the one case, and their ridiculous docinion in tho other, has created a lot of disgust amongst supporters of racing who have always given assistance to the olub. Ab racing men of lonj ntanding, they know well enough . that in cases of thia kind the stewards not only have the power, but aro expected for tho protection of their patrons to take immediate action. It is rather a striking coincidence that those troubles nhoiild have oconrrod in connection witli'the Australian Plate and Sherwood Han dicap, as these wero tho eventa nssooiated with the Asoot-My Droam disturbance and the Bnttona-Ealston fiasco iu yoara gono by. Tims does history in raolng, as in other things, repeat itself. An old Boro woo re-opened on Wodnesday afternoon last by tho Q-T.C. committee by request. Tha dataila of tho Calodouian Loafor soandal, which reoultod in tho oonvio tion of tbo bookmaker (Potor Eoss) and tho jockey (Lon. Davis), and tboir disqualifica tions for life for foul play, will not yot bo for gotten, bo that I need not go into tho matter again. Although Eosa waa mado the auff.oror, it was, and is, generally believed that there wero others more deserving of punishment than liej so that whon it wua given out that Abo Barrinpfton had boon summoned to appear before the Q.T.C. tribunal to answer a oharKO preferred against him by Boss of having beiug implicated in the swindle, tho interest in tho matter waa revived. It all ended in smoke, howover, tho aommittco dnolining to accept as gospel tho uuoorroborated evidence of Itoss and Davia, and aftor a vory nhort hoar ing the case waa dismissed. Moesro. Burring ton and Abrahams, who had to pay pretty stiffly for tho fun they got out of thoir trip, rotutned to Sydney by mail train on Thurs day. Dcnth of » Fopalnr Jockoy. 3?o)lowtu(j olocsly npon tho departnra of poor little Edfiar Eod^erB, oorr.cn tbu sad announce ment of tho death of another popular horse man, W. Siono. Going quietly home from the oourso on Friday morning, the pony ho was ridinff tripped and foil and rolled ovor him ou tho hard road. Hu waa takou home and pat to bod, twid during tho Any coeraed iojfetmuoh hotter, bnt in tho ovanin;;, jnst trrolvo hours from tho tiist) the Eooidoiit ooenrrad, ho died without tho tnovomont of a hiukcIo. Two doctors wero with him whon ho diod, and both woro Gurprisod at tho BuddenuoBa with whioh tie pasBQti away. Tho poor follow hod a bruise upon hia temple, bub a big black and bluo band right round his nook indicated oloariy enough that the nock was broken, and tho doctors must liijvo known frpui the firBt thatthoro was no hope of saving him. He wap a .strong hoal thy fallow, only 22 yes.r3 of age, and his auddau removal ia a terrible blow to hia poor old dad, who has boon battling along a^ainut tho wor»t of luplc for years. It ih baa enough to pot killed iu a raoo, but to be fluked out as Jiogers and .Stone havo boa/i, ia torrifelo in deed. Stone waa buried thia afternoon, and waa given a jpokey's funeral. \- i'urJ Iteicu. Tho committoo of tho leading club are vary pig-headed ovor the Hopeful Btakos diuqrxdi fioationn. So far the? havo declined to remove tho ban from tho jdokoya Frnub Smith and M. Waloh, and it it) doubtful if the boya will not have to nvrvo tho sontoncos tight but. Had they lot Smith ou he would havo boon able to pivo littlo Splendida hia valuable services in tho Sydney Tatt3' Cup, but tbo'mnro will, I fancy, havo to race without him, and with a strr- UROi.' up I will not stand her. Splondide loft by rail last Tuosday for gydnoy, and I hoar that sho arrived jit hor destination note and sound, and ia doing woll. King Olaf is naid to be on tbo books for another trip to tho southern battlefields. Exton3ivo arrangemcnta are being mado by tho oonutry clubs for thoir Christmas race meeting**, and racogoera will havo no roason to compitun of 9, want oE variety in tho pro gramme Weights for tho Toowoomba and Ipswich handicaps cams out this week, and both aro likojy to have successful reunions. Mr. Frank Darloy, tho woll-known owner of tho Kunioon utud, has catalogued a 'number of yoarlinga by tho imported hpraes Cridogan and Agatnom&OD;, vjhich will ba submitted to auction nt Carter and Fenwiok'a yards on January 3 next. Tho pick of tho haskot on paper looks to be a groy colt by Cadogan from Qcoy Esperauoo, U10 old Yiittendofi mare, wlioao name has boon m^idp famous by tho doodo of hor sons Greywinff and Groygown. Aquatics. * Tho Queensland Bowing Association Eo gatta waa hold yoatcrday week, but tho com mittoo woro ill-advised in their cHoioo of a day, and the raooa en tho wator wore wit aexead by a Tory limited audionco. The different events, however, wero well con tested. Tho Taowonjj B.C. crow boat tho Breakfast Crookori in the I'oob for yoatlis under 20, four oars, ono of tho latter breaking hie oar after £f-iug a ahort .distance. F. 3aynes and A. Baynea, ol the Commercials, boat Lcrgy and W.&ataway;, of tho Cxobl:,' in tho'Maidon Doublo-sculia, and the.Commoroial urew again dofontod tho Crgokera and the Toowong iaon in the ijaidon Fours. Winter's crow rowod over the oourso by thomsolves for tho Amatoijr Championship, and the Eofillincf oliatnpion, M. black, ptudlod away from bin brother in the Handiaap Soulling Kacp. Tba Commercials won the Junior Fours, but tho two Slaoka, representing Broakfiiaj; fcrook, wero too Bood tor Carmichael aud Williams, of the Oommoroiala, ia the S.gnjor Double aculhj. Tho last evout wns tho Senior Fours Ead horo ntrcin tho CommDroia.la dofe&tcd; Toowong and Broakfoat Crook. A great deal of intoroisi waa takon in tho Hcuaicap Sailing Eaoo to Cloveland, whioh ounio off on Saturday afternoon, thoro boirjff no ieea than ES boats ontorod, whUo mr.ny others sailed down to the bay. Tho przes were .£10 first, £5 eooond, and the amount of ontrandc. fee third, and the handicap was nob mado known until after tho riwo. The winner was tho£2ft Canoebio, ownod ted sailed by T. Goodallj Arthur Enrlo brought tho 22-footor iyoola in second, and J. Whereat, in the Bulletin, woo third. Mr, 0. W. Beadgtt haa boon appointed oiartor to tha Nowoastio jcakoy Olnb, vies Mr. A, ITartMaj, r«ai-rned. ' 