Zai Tea thronickc. WITHr WHH ISC ISNCORPOLITED PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY. THURSDAY, MARCII 17, 1892. NEWS AND NOTES. Os Saturday night Mr. Shiels will unfold the policy of the Government to his consti tuents at Casterton. THE Yea Brass Band will render selec. tions of music in front of the Library to night from 6.30 to 7.30. Tns career of the Windsor murderer, Williams, beggars all the efforts of Charles Reade and Wilkie Collins in laying bare the plots and motives of criminals. Owrsa to "the ghost not walking" (to use a stage term), 21 men employed at the Ti-tree Mine knocked off work a few days ago. THE first service in St. John's Church, Spring Valley, will be held on Sunday next, at 2.30 p.m., when the Rev. C. H. Barnes will preach. A CRICKET S?ATC- between the Yea and Spring Valley clubs will be played at Yea on Saturday. Wickets to be pitched at 1 o'clock sharp. Ta: Secretary of the Kilmore Hospital desires us to acknowledge the receipt, per Head Teacher, of 10s., contributed by the pupils attending the Switzerland School in aid of the funds of the Hospital IT seems probable that the Railway Com-. missioners, who have shown little or no disposition to make receipts tally with ex penditure, will in a day or two receive notice of suspension from Mr. Wheeler, who is strongly urged to take that decisive step by the Ape. M. J. N. WaLTro is extremely pleased with the resnlts of the Killingworths wool clip. There will be nearly 300 bales of washed, and over 300 bales of greasy wool, sent from the station this year. Mr. Walton estimates the value of the clip at £11,000 to £12,000. THE first Harvest Thanksgiving Service ever held at Molesworth was held at the local State School (also used as a church) on Sunday last. The building was most taste fully decorated with grain, fruit, and vege tables, and an appropriate address was given by the Rev. C. H. Barnes. Br the removal of Mr. E. H. Burgess from Homewood, the Church of England in tlhis district will lose a valued helper. Mr. Burgess has acted as HIonorary Reader for the past two years, and has always rendered very acceptable service in that capacity. Mr. Burgess will preach, for the last time, on Sunday next, at St. Luke's, Yea, and at Homewood in the afternoon. To-Dar is the national holiday of Irishmen in all parts of the world, and it will be duly celebrated by a plain and fancy dress ball at the Yea Shire Hall to-night. With good music, convivial companions, and the wants of the inner man well attended to. it is to be presumed that all who take part in it will enjoy themselves thoroughly. The music will be supplied by Mr. Doody and a harpist from Melbourne, specially engaged for the ball. O.wtls to the falling off in the milk supply, the Avenel Creamery has been closed. The supply has fallen off at Long wood from 600 ti 0 gallons per day, but it is still kept at work. At the Euroa Butter and Ice Factory the supply has fallen from 1,000 to 300 gallons a dlay, but there are two or three Creameries at work in the out side districts which send their cream to the factory. PoLtrics appear to be creating a great stir in Seymour. It was currently rumored on Saturday that, owing to a difference of opinion over the election, a meeting was held on the previous day to voluntarily wind up the Seymour Express Company, and that Mr. Tristan, the Editor and Mlanager, had agreed to take over all the shares at the price paid on them, paying half cash, and the balance in three months. Now, we hear that a third paper is to be started. Mn. J. KEocu, P.M., has been appointed to the position of Relieving P.M., and Mr. J. Rowan has been appointed to this district. All who came into contact with Mr. Keogh in his official capacity will be pleased if the change means promotion, for few men are more imbued with the desire to do what is right and just between man and man than Mr. Keogh, and whenever he saw the least opportunity of settling a case out of Court, he was always ready with a bit of friendly advice to litigants. THE Revision Courts throughout the colony having completed their labors in con nection with the purification of the Legisla tive Assemby rolls, their preparation has now passed into the hands of the Govern ment Printer. Under the provisions of the Electoral Act the rolls must be ready for distribution to Electoral Registrars by the 1st of April A week will elapse from that date before they are received by the Regis trars and distributed to their deputies. The intervention of the Easter holidays will pre vent the elections taking place in that week, and it is not unlikely therefore that polling daywill be fixed for the 23rd April. IT was stated in our last issue that a saving of 25 to 50 per cent. would be effected in the price of phosphorised wheat through the Shire Council ordering a consignment of 50 cases from Felton, Grimwade, and Co., and selling it at cost price. It has since been pointed out to us that Mr. T. C. Waddell and Messrs. E. S. Purcell and Co. have for some time past been retailing phos phorised wheat at 15s a case, and as it costs 13s. in Melbourne for anything under 12 cases, and the railway freight is not less than 10d. and ranges as high as 2s. 6d. a case, according to the quantity purchased, it will be seen that the profits charged by our local storekeepers has been very reason able. Ma. JACKsoS made an application to the P.M. on Tuesday to open the Licensing Court, in order that a hotel license might be issued to replace one supposed to have been lost or destroyed. Mr. Rowan replied that he could not do so with notice, and doubted his ability to issue it without a full sitting of the Court, at which three Police Magistrates would have to be present. Mr. Jackson then asked that his Worship might make a suggestion to the police not to harass his client (the name did not transpire); but Mr. Rowan declined to interfere in any way with the police in the performance of their duties. In reply to the Bench, Mr. Jackson stated that the police were notinany way harassing his client now. Mr. Rowan: If you did not mention that the license was lost, no body would have known anything at all about it. "rV got a new machi.nee Bid a Yankee pedlar," for picking bones out of fishes. NowI tell yon it's a little bit the darndest thing you ever did see. All youhave to do istoset it on the table, and tnan a crank, and the fish flies right down your throat, and the bones right under the grate. Wel, there was a country 'greenborn got hold of it the other day, and he turned the crank the wrog way; and, I tell you, the way the bones flew down his throat was awful Why, it stack that fellow ao fall of bones that he couldn't get his arht off for a week." 