CANON MACMURRAYS FAREWELL. The Rev. Canon MacMurray preached his farewell sermon to a very large congregation yesterday morning, in St. Paul’s Church. The text was taken from Acts [?] “Then Philip opened his mouth and began »t the same scripture and preached unto him Jesus.” On this Whit-Sunday, he thought it fitting to dwell upon one aspect of the.work of the Holy spirit, viz., its operation in the work of the Ministry. At the outset he desired to emphasise that meeting, ministry, aad parting, all alike the work of God’s holy spirit; 1. The nameless Ethiopian eunuch had been a successful man from the world’s standpoint. Probably from the position of a slave he had risen to be the trusted treasurer of his sovereign; and yet the eunnch alone knew of its failure to give him rest. He had aspirations un satisfied, he looked for the realisation of a higher destiny than to be the trusted minister of an earthly sovereign. He had gone to Jerusalem over sandy wastes, and along the wonderland of the Nile in the search for the satisfaction of the deepest part of his nature; be went seeking “ fellowship with God” and was returning unsatisfied. But God knew the ennuch’s desire, and He who had created that desire could ' satisfy the longings of the earnest soul, and eo they read that the angel of the Lord epake unto Philip, the deacon, and told him to go to the desert near Gaza, He went, and met the eunuch. Was this meeting chance or accident, or was it blind fate? Assuredly it was not accident or chance, -for it was arranged by God. It was not fate, because the eunuch’s will had brought him to Jerusalem, and Philip's will was brought into operation in yielding a ready obedience to God’s direction. Man’s free will and God's holy spirit were here working together to fulfil the purpose of God and the eternal des tiny of this seeker after God. 2. The eunnch had been reading the 53rd of Isaiah, and from this scripture ■ “ Philip preached unto him Jesus.” In that sermon, they might be sure, the incarnation was the fundamental theme. If he were only a man like ourselves wc could look npon him as an equal, a little better than ourselves. But if He be the Son of God then our attitude to Him must be widely different. Philip would then tell how that the Word became flesh and dwelt among us. He would need to show how sin had marred man’s destiny— fellowship with God; and how that fellow ship was restored by One who was perfect God and perfect man. Philip would tell him the wondrous story of the Gross and Passion and show that the paesion of the Son of God was at once the measure of man’s sin and of God’s love. Again, he would tell him of the resurrection and ascension, and show how these were the pledgee of man’s victory over ein and death. Since the Son of God became the Man of Sorrows human sorrow may be endured in hope. Since the Son of God died for sinners, sin may be conquered tn the human heart. Since the Son of Man 2 te * rom the dead, and ascended into heaven, death has been vanquished, and the created may find comfort over the open grave. Philip preached unto the eunuch.“ Jesus,” and the eunnch found 10 Him rest for his soul. The Eectet the success nf this ministry teas that Philip was one of the seven deacons Aft t** Holy Ghost and of wisdom. 3. er the baptism nf the eunnch the Spirit W tlle Lot’ l caught away Philip, that the eunnch saw him no more, and he went on 15 way rejoicing. The brief ministry was ver, the final earthly parting had come; but ~ IfM the Holy Spirit who had brought \- 8e men together that parted them. ~e , eu, "tch had lost an earthly r ?? an< f pastor, but he had found r,E ' 6O he went away rejoicing. And °*, he .(tl ]e preacher) deeired to say a few i r B , l n connection with his parting from • 1 “'ends here. It was now 4jt years . came to this district. Was it v n 'US . or c,m nce, or blind fate," that c™, 1 l ", n ‘ Was aware of the short- o° i tbe m ' n ' Bt ry. He knew the bad ** knnws it—but he felt that he God ; , to Proclaim the great fact that comfort t - he ° n,y Bein g able to bring sbh In , fiorr °w, able to destroy sin, to hri° e 'o ,^°r * at ftenth. Yes, he had tried T7 1 llon,,! . though, perhaps, feebly, hod * a ° nrnnght them together, and them, and should they not 9 le Ethiopian did because he He wished their parting ”the „ tett V lt of Phil'P and the eunuoh 'riebed th™ Went 011 b,s wa J rejoicing ” He for tha j em to on their way net grieving. -Ihta,, , ep,r V" e of a " earthly friend to I ut rtjo!oi,, e in JeBDP - In the "other t- reT ‘ B*ntleman preached to taken f on ng r "g«tirjn. Bis text was to Hver , xiii., and the 11 Be Derfenr* u ' P"ially, brethren, farewell, mind I:, -* be g°°B comfort, be of one P“»c» it. nu peac “i and the God of love and Lord T„ ‘ ™ 'T' 1 ’ 1 - v °n- The Grace of the tbecnmm' 6 9 lrlst and the Love of God, and Jon all tlle Svdy Ghost, be with the PT ’i,„ ... reT - gentleman dwelt upon fw»d|°?* t ' 0 “ of St. Paul. in his said i the three churches, and God, for °t ' ne ,n ' n< i ' n the House of esasa to ho* t* 8 wbl ! n P eo P' e nf the church Semen,... ° De T'tnd that they forget God. metiers ” S ta . many exceptions to instance 0 "? 01 ' 0 " r'H' the servicea etindin,, nr ’ a nurpheed choir. The Dot be -l Purpose nf ar „,y should 006 r4: m ? ke ? » the uniform of s nnitv n? ke nltered; there must "mono the n» a i""’ , e fr° rt . and purpose •i«hed to ft.?- 6 ® n^’s House if they b r ?tßm , Hia P“ R ce. Finally, he s oi «inhis la- ento P ra y for I'irn, and to Bint to gt r? '."g’ n " God had directed ""other island* 1 •*’ ba d celled him to """htry, m w lt>ch to continue hie n te 'y at? ren(sered an anthem “How ** J° h " ng a solo during the offertory. 