BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of "Joseph's Coat," "Aunt Raohel,' "Rainbow Gold," &o.;, &o.;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] ChAPTRW I'YVT—fHrvnliniuvt. I In his encounter with Horn, or during the latter half of it at least, Hetheridge had con ducted himself with a surpassing coolness, bub ■when once the necessity for the continued strain was over he began to know how much in nervous force his defensive instinot had cost him. He had stood and watched Dom from the room and had waved hi3 hand after him with a gesture of insolenb triumph and difdain; but before the retreating enemy's footsteps had traversed half the stairway, he fell back in a abate of extreme collapse into the chair he had just quitted. His head spun like a teetotum, and there was a sound in his ears like that made by the rush of a train though a tunnel. The beating of his heart and the free play of his lupgs seemed restricted by an iron pressure. Little by little these alarming symptoms relaxed in force, and after a pause of perhaps 10 minutes 'he crawled giddily to the bellpull, rang the bell, and stumbled back again. The waiter appearing, he demanded another glass of brandy, and after drinking it felt somewhat better, though still alarmingly weak and shaken, and as dizzy as a man standing on the edge of a precipice. He was ashamed to ask for a further Btimulant, and so feebly fumbling for his purse, paid his score and crept away to dive into the first house _ of public retort he came to, and to take a third glass of brandy and water there. His shadowy enemy was at his shouloer again, and in a form far more real than he ever assumed before. He saw him in his habit a3 he lived at the time when he had first really begun to hate him. The figure was always be hind him, and yet was presenb to his mental gaze clear to the least detail. He saw the candid brown eyes, the plain manly features, the fresh color, the little bit of side whisker on the cheek, the homespun dress. He saw the very pattern of the gaiters, the stain of country soil upon his hoots. He did nob recall any special moment at which he had seen his victim precisely thus, and yet he knew that at some special moment his mind had seized the image and now reproduced it with an absolute fidelity. Had anyone been interested in watching him he would have seen the_ furtive fearful glance across the shoulder which had become habitual with him repeated half a dozen times a minute. "With the fourth glass of brandy he sorewed his courage to the sticking point, and ventured anew into the streets. They were almo3tdeser ted at that hour, and he walked swiftly bub shakily to Broad-street station, and there paced the platform whilst he waited a train for Riohmond due in Borne ten minutes. The silent invincible avenger haunted him, though it never moved a foob or made the faintest change in posture or expression. It was so real to him that when ever in his pacing to and fro he turned sharply round upon his own track a_ foolish relief and amazement possessed his mind when he failed to see it. He walked briskly, he lagged, zig zagged purposely here and there, paused alto gether. The immovable, unescapable, dread ful thing was always at his shoulder, ready to lay a hand upon him. This living nightmare had been his companion more or less for years, but had never been sonear, so real, or so threaten ing as now. It would have been a blessed re lief to scream aloud beneath the intolerable anguish of its presence, but that way madness lay, and there was no guessing into what mad ness of self- denunciation he might be hurried if once he allowed the presence to break down his nerve. He must endure the unendurable— must carry the torment of the damned about with him and make no sign. When the train backed into the railway-station he took his place in a lonely carriage and by mere physical instinct sot ewed himself tight in a corner seat, but the physical obstacle _ he interposed made no difference to the position of the un relenting phantom. Apart from the awful olearness of hi3 af * re hension of its presence, it carried a terror with ib he had never known before. All these ynars he had seemed to be free even of suspicion, and at last one man had formulated against him a charge which his own soul had never failed to bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed was done. He had foiled his accuser for the time, bub that meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of ohanoe might carry new evidence to the man who knew so much and guessed so much already. He drank deep that night and drugged his fears at last, but when he awoke, sick with excess, he found his ghost still in its place, implacably serene and and cheerful, the George Redwood of a quarter of a century ago. He felt that business was impossible for the day, and he sent a telegram to that effecb to town. "If necessary to consult me, come down. Too ill to leave house. Refuse all enquirers address." An hour or two later his confidential man appeared with a bundle of important papers and left them? for his employer's consideration. "Come down again, Jessamer," he said. "Come in the afternoon, or better still, come in the evening. There are a score of things about which I may give you instructions. I'm not altogether well and I may be forced to take a holiday." The mockery of the phrase bib him hard, and some of its bitterness found its way into his tone. There was small hope ol a holiday for him while that placid bugbear stood changeless at his shoulder. _ "Bring your handbag with you and stay the night. I may detain you late." This invitation was equal to a command and Jessamer accepted it, bowing low. Hetheridge was his man ol men, a king in finance, and with every sign of growth in his importance in financial circles; Jessamer took higher rank among his compeers. He had never had such an honor placed upon him as Hetheridge now offered. To be invited as a guest at Hethe ridge's house, if only for a night, was in itself a high distinction. If he had known the com pelling dread of loneliness whiob dictated the invitation he might, perhaps, have felt less flattered by it." "Can you be here to dinner?" Hetheridge asked. " At what hour, sir ?" " Say seven o'clock." "I fear, sir," returned Mr. Jessamer with smooth obsequiousness, " that that will be im possible. Trie American mail leaves to night. I shall be scarcely able to quit the office before seven." "Ah, yes," said Hetheridge; "of course, of course, I had forgotten. Get down as soon as you can. I can give you a bottle of good wine, Jessamer," he added with a clumsy pretence at geniality, which flattered the confidential man anew. "We will talk things over. It is nob im probable that I may leave affairs in your care for a little while. I have nob had even a pre tence of rest for years," " You will forgive my presuming to notice it, sir," said Jessamer, " but I have thought you worked too hard. The opinion is not mine alone, sir it's quite general, I assure you." " I dare say, Jessamer, I dare say,' his em ployer answered with the same clumsy show of geniality as before. '' We'll see about things to-night." Mr. Jessamer, accepting this as hisdismissal, went his way with uplifted heart, feeling him self indeed to be the chosen of Pharaoh. Hetheridge stayed behind to endure his own toments as he might. He dived deep into the papers which had been laid before him, and for the first time in his life felt business wholly without value as an antidote to thought. The sultry heat of the day oppressed him though he sab with open windows, and even in the lawn which sloped from his walls to the waters of the slow gliding Thames, the air seemed confined and close. The clouds had built up every where an underroot of doleful grey. There were occasional uneasy rumblings of thunder, and now and again a flash of harmless summer lightning pulsated swiftly across the clouded landscape. Whether he strove in vain to grasp the meaning of the business papers, or read the money column of the Times, or wandered idly on the lawn, or sat at meals, it was all one. The changeless, placid phantom clung close to his shoulder, and every passing hour seemed to make its presence more and more intolerable.. He drank heavily at dinnor, trusting to obscure his thoughts. "Imust keep sober till I have once seen Jessamer," he thought, "and then I must drown everything." The night was prematurely dark, and swift gusts of wind were rising. They lashed the trees which stood upon the lawn into moans of torment, which were succeeded by long pauses of brooding silence, and they laid unseen hands on door and casement, and moaned about the house as if resentful of extrusion. "If anybody should call," he said as he rose from the dinner table, " I shall be in my own room. Put out the brandy and Boda there, light the lamp, and leave out some cigars." The man obeyed him and left him alone. A great blast surged up against the house and set his torn nerves quivering with a superstitious terror at its voices. He walked to his own room through tho shadowB of the hall, and as he did so, for the first time, his phantom seemed to undergo a obange. Eye and hand both menaced him, and in a sudden access of terror he fairly sprang into the apartment and slammed the door behind him. At that in stant the bell rang and he heard voices in the hall. "Here at last," he thought, " thank God, is JeEsamer." Another gust of wind, fiercer than any of its percursors, burst open the French windows, and the light in the lamp flickered and went out. A vivid flash of lightning illumined lawn and river and sky for a single instant, and then the jaws of darkness did devour it up. A tremendous crash of thunder followed, and a deluge of sudden rain came swishing into the room. He struggled with the windows in the darkness, forced them back and secured them. He groped hi3 way to the table and felt for a box of wax vestas which he remembered to have seen there. Having found it he struck a light and removed the shade and the heated Limp glass, saving his fingers from contact with it by using his handkerchief, relit the lamp, replaced the glass and shade, and slowly turned up the light. For a mere instant he had forgotten hie phantom terror, but when he raised his head ha saw it standing there in flesh and blood befora him, feature for feature, hue for hue, from head to foot the same. He stared with haggard eye3, and the apparition came forward. Its lips moved and it spoke. "My name is George Redwood." One unimaginableshook of horror struck him and he fell upon his face. 