[?] THE SECRET OF BAIftiYOE. v CHAPTER X. — ( Continued.) ? 'Where have you been?', sho asked, looking up with a smile. 'I have waited expecting you this half hour.' . I did not answer. I was lost in thought. It must have been Biddy whose light I saw ; she was the only rtf.linr 1 nTin Vu'innf. n I' flin hnnflp. hnflidfiS myself. ' I have torn my coat,' I said some what awkwardly. 'I must ask Biddy to mend it.' . . i I saw Kathleen take up a pair of scissors, as though volunteering to assist me : but without waiting I pushed ? ' through tho, swing-door, down the long ? ''dreary echoing passages into the kitchen. Biddy was there skinning a rabbit, and singing to herself as unconcernedly as possible. I made some stupid remarks to her, and stole out again round to the ? front of the house. Yes ! there, true 1 enough, the light was burning still, and I fancied I caught sight of a shadow against the blind. Some one was in the ' ? ? house, then, after all, some one I did not know, some one whoso presence had ; been' carefully hidden from me. I re membered Kathleen's stories about the ghosts, aud the soun.ds she had heard, and- :I decided that she had purposely . concocted these stories in order to put me off my guard and satisfy my natural curiosity with superstitious nonsense. I returned slowly to the study. ' How restless you are this evening ?' said Kathleen, wearily folding up her knitting. ' It is nearly bedtime, and | -you have been fidgeting in and cut per petually ever, since supper.' I apologized humbly, and proposed that we should play backgammon — she had previously confided to me her pre dilection for the game. 41 Yes, if you like,' she said, looking at her father. His head had fallen foiwaid. on his breast ; he appeared to be asleep. So she fetched the board, and we sat . down and played in perfect silence, the light of one greasy candle flaring between us. I could hear the rats running up the wainscot and enjoying a fine game of play behind the mildewy plaster — the only cheerful things in this gloomy house— and the snores of the old man ? forming a gruff accompaniment, and ? watch Kathleen's slim fingers moving] swiftly over the chequered board, and hci long lashes sweeping the fair cheek j ; as she paused to meditate. i v We played on quietly till I had won the conquerer game, and Myles began to ? stretch himself. I squeezed Kathleen's hand meaningly when I said good-night, ? 1 ? A tUraamin lil.-o «1UU DUO .uuiuieu up UU OUO JJICOOVUO nn-v, 1 a fresh young peony ; then I went slowly and thoughtfully to my own room, pondering on what I had seen. I detex mined to sit up and not to undress ; and to extinguish my light, lest it shoule attract attention. In the chilly dark I sat thus, waiting and lietening, nearly dropping asleep at last from very i weariness and discomfort. The clock struck twelve — the old clock in the hall, with its hoarse, wheezy ? ? voice, like the voice of some decayed ancestor ; and as the last echoing * tones of the clock ceased to resound, a gentle rustling came from the door at tlie end of the passage — the very place whence Myles emerged the night I had watched him. Quick, cautious steps stole along swiftly, and made their way, as I had expected, to the room Myles entered. It was no vision, no fancy, this time; someone was movjng about the house, some one caieful to make no noise, and pass un pcrceived. I . \Vas it the mysterious some one of the vigil ; and if so, was I near to the rcvel . ; ation of the mystery ? I stepped out of my room ; I had so carefully recon noitred tho ground that even in the dark ? I could easily find the way, and by way of additional precaution I had divested ill j sun ui my quucd, uuu. uuiu. hj j j^iauvu ? 'in my hand. I was a match for any man now, and was as wide awake and alert as at midday. I cautiously groped my way to the room I suspected, and there, true enough, I saw a thin streak of light shining under the door, while a sound of .whispering reached my ears. Surely I was not deceived ; it seemed ? to me that one of the voices was that of a woman speaking, though low and guardedly, in Kathleon's unmistakable bilveiy tones. What was she doing there, and who was iu that room '! An unpleasant re collection of the moonlight interview with her lover, in which I had surprised her, rushed to my memory. Could it be Tim she was harbouring thus clandestinely against her father's knowledge, against Pat Havy's wishes 1 for he was tho very last man to endure such a breach of her plighted faith. And if so, what could possibly be her motive? I dared not pause to reflect ; at any moment tho door might bo thrown open, and I should be exposed to the view of a furious and desperate man. One look at Tim's face that day at Madame Tussaud's had con vinced me that his nature must be brutal and degraded, and that the person who surprised their secret meeting in tlie dead of the night need expect no mercy. But I had not the smallest intention ol' evading danger ; it was my only chance of winning Kathleen, of finding out what was the mysterious power Pat Havy had over her, and of iudging once for all ? whether slio were only a good, misguided, and unhappy girl, or a woman lost to all sense of shame and dishonour. The whispering continued. T thought 1 heard a low laugh. Irritated beyond measure at tho thought that porhaps , thay wore mocking my folly and iecring ' at tho love I had offered Kathleen, I forgot the small amount ol prudence I liad shown in keeping in the shadow of tin; angle of the wall. I took a lew steps 'forward, aud at that instant the door . , opened and Kathleon appeared on the threshold, holding a baskot on her ami. (5To ba Continued.) 