The Trouble I Took for Ben. (From Harper's Bazar.) BY LOUISE STOCKTON. For generations our family has had but two trades—the women have sewed, and the men have sailed. It is easy enough to understand the sewing, but when men, father and son, take to the sea, it is generally because they live so near it that they grow up with salt in their throats. It wasn't so with us. We lived miles and miles inland, where there were no ships except in pictures, and nover a breath of an ocean breeze, let the wind blow from where it pleased. Yet just as soon as one of our boys was old enough to put to a trade he began to beg for just one voyage first. After this, good-bye to shore work I Ben was the only one who ever settled down on land; and while I am writing this it as like as not he is planning to be off again. But I don't wonder, for I should have liked the mariner's needle a sight better than my own ; but, being a woman, there was no choice whether I would bo a sailor or a tailor. It is one of my comforts, however, that there is no mention of sewing in heaven. I could put up with the harp playing, but a long seam on an angel's gown would finish me up as far as being in heaven was concerned. I'd never believe I was there. However, when my Btory begins I was at home all alone, and Benjamin Ogden, my dead brother's son, was off on hi 3 voyage. Ben's mother had married again and gone West, and I never knew her to do a more sensible thing in all her life. Ben stayed with me, and, I always thought, considered me the nearest relation he had, taking, as he did, from hiß father's side. I wasn't lonely, although I wa3 alone. We lived down in the village, and our house was one of the most curious, if it wasn't the oldest there. And it smelled of sandal wood and camphor and of Chinese spices, while all the others had to have dead rose leaves and Franoh clover and auoh things. But my eyes bothered me. Twice in my life haa this happened. The first time I was yet a girl, and my father was home, and I couldn't work, and I was low- hearted; so he started me off to Pittsburg to see some cousins, and they coaxed me to go and see a spectacle-maker, and he looked at my eyts and put a pair of glasses on me. Now you oan believe I wa3 astonished. I not only saw everything just as easy, but I found out something—l had never really seen plain in all my life! I was so pleased that I bought a pair of gold glasses, and walked out of that shop as pleased as Punoh, and see ing all the faces and reading all the signs. Naturally when I went home I took up my trade again, and for neat and quick work nobody beat me. But after some years my eyes got poor again. They smarted and hurt, and even with my glasses everything was blurred and unoertain. If I wanted to thread a needle I often had to prick my finger to find out whether I was wrestling with the eye or the point. And the worst of it was, I perfeotly remembered my grandmother, who was stone blind, and this made me worry and ory at nights, and so make my poor eyes worse. Next thing my work began to fall off. People would say, " On, Miss Lib, you are always so busy, and I was in such a hurry that I just took that sewinjr over to Mary Ann Hunter." And in this way Mary Ann's thimble was never off her finger, and mine was cold half the time. It wasn't easy to stand this. I had a little money as well as the house, but it is poor providing when it is all go and no come, and that for a woman with a good deal of life ahead of her. I was almost 45, and that is old pr young as you take it. Old for marrying, young to quit work. Bat what I could do I oould not think. There was no sense in opening a shop when we had more than enough, and every body made her own bread and cake, and would have been insulted if asked to buy either. I thought and I thought, but I only saw stone walls arise, and never a ladder to go up on. But at last I hit it. Evelina Ropes said one day that her husband couldn't abide Mary Ann Hunter's vesta because they rode up in the back. "I'd make them myself," said she, "if it wasn't for the pockets." " Pockets!" say 3 Ito myself; " pockets!" And it v curious how women do hato to sew pockets. Often, when I have been out sewing, I have had to stop and put a pocket even in a oaltco dress. I never had any trouble finding people ready to baste or make buttonholes, but just say "pookets," and then there is groaning and sighing. For my own part I'd rather put in a pocket than put on a braid, and even in a vest it is easy if you go about it right. So the very next morning after I thought of this I put a sign against the window: "All kinds of pockets made and put in." Everybody laughed at me, but I did a good business, and I took a good deal of wind out of Mary Ann Hunter's sails, and by working in a good light, and not all the time, I got on. It wasn't, for one thing, half so much trouble for the mothers to out their husbands' trousers down for the boys if the pookets were taken out of the job by some one else, and I made it a point to be obliging. I was always ready to show a neighbour or to give her a lift as we sat talking, and I didn't always care to be paid in money. Plenty of women could give me a half dozen eggs or a pound of potatoes for a pooket, and never think twice of it, when they had not ten cents to spare; and it was quite a joke to pay me. When I had too many eggs or too much butter I oould trade at the store, and get thread or BUgar or something. So I kept busy, and didn't feel my days were wasted. All this happened—this second trouble with my eyes—when Ben was off on a two years' voyage. But when he oame home the first thing his sancy eyes saw, as ho opened the gate and came np the path, was the sign, so he opened the kitohen door and caita in, " Do you put in pookets that are warranted to keep the money tight, Aunt Lib ?" That was the first I had heard from him for three months. And he was grown, old as ho was—for Ben was 24 now—and he was heavier, better-looking, and more impudent than ever. He hadn't been home many days before I found he was worried about my sight; and he a3ked more questions than he needed about Grand mother Sawyer, and whether her blindness came on sudden or by degrees. He wanted me to give up the pocket business; but I wouldn't, although, as I noticed how rnuoh more he could see than I could, I felt blinder than ever, and grew lower and lower in my mind. One night, when I sat knitting a stocking— for this I can do in the dark almost—he picked up my glasses and put them on. " You don't use these all the time?" says he. " They ain't any use," says I. " Can you see with them, Ben ?" " Not a bit," says he. "It isn't tho fault of tho glasses," I answered; " because no better could be bought in the city of Pittsburg, but I suppose they don't suit your eyes;" and then for the forty eleventh time I told him just what the spoctacle makor said, and how astonished I was when I found I really had never seen before I put them on- . „ " But you don't mean to say," cries out Ben, "that these are the glasses you bought in Pittsburg ?" " Of course they are," Bays I. • " And you've never had them changed?" "Changed?" said I. "No, sir, I haven't! When I find a thing that suits me I stick to it. I'm not one of the changeable kind, run ning after all the new fashions. And I've never trifled with my sight trying strange glasses." Nothing gives a sensitive and serious person a greater contempt for human nature than to see people laugh when there is nothing to laugh at. Ben was always frivolous, and he found his own jokes amusing, but really I was now so out of patienco with him for tho way he just shouted when I said this that I piokod up the lamp and went into the kitohen and began to set the bread. And as I sifted the flour I heard him gasping as if he was choking, but I took no notioe of him. The next day he walked in and sat down by me as I was sewing, and without a word palled out a pair of apeotaoles in wire frames, and handed them to me. I looked at them, bat I didn't touoh them. "They ain't pretty," says I. "Are they yours ?" " They are good," says he. " Try them on, Aunt Lib." "No, thank yon," says I. "I am busy just now." " It won't take a minute," says he. " Hours are made of minutes, and eternity is made of hours," says I. "Do, Aunt Lib," says he. 111 won't, Benjamin Ogden," says I. So he ooaxed, and I held firm ; but at last I had to try them, because I couldn't stand it any longer, and when I looked down at my sewing every stitch was as plain as a pearl, but I wouldn't have wanted pearls strung so crooked. They were neat enough, but they stood on their heads. "Well?" said he. " Well ?" said I. "Can't you see better with them?" " Benjamin," I said, " will you mind your own business?" and I handed them baok, and not a word more could he get out of me. I was mad that morning. But I was more tried with myself than Ben. Here I had given np my oustomers and worried siok, and never thought that my eyes were changing like every other part of my body, and that what suited them eighteen years ago wouldn't suit them now. Still I could not forgive Ben for being the one to find it out; and when I saw my old Bible that I had given up because the print was so bad lying on the table, with the glasses on top, I nover said a word, and for a week I dusted around them and never touched them. Still, as I never believed in cutting off my nose to spite ray faoe, I did finally go to Oliver Parsons and have new glasses put in my gold frames, and as I oame out there was Bon just going by. Ho laughed, but I did not. There was nothing to laugh at, and my mind was occupied with more serious matters. I had to get my work back, and let Mary Ann Hunter have a let-up. I took down the pocket sign as soon as I got home, and waited for questions. As I waited, however, it struck mo one day, as I was clearing away dinner, that Ben was not the person to keep a joke to himself, and as he said nothing to me he must say a good deal to some one else, and likely enough the whole village was laughing at me. " Ben," said I, " is Mary Ann Hunter scared because she thinks I am going to take my work ali baok ?" "I don't know," said he, looking up from his book and knocking the anhea out of his pipe; " she never said anything to me about it." " Well, after ali you've told her, it's natural she should." "If she doesn't know any more than I've told her, she'll sleep easy and wake content," said he. "And there's Frances Lenox. It's a seven days' wonder that she hasn't been over hugging me and begging me to make hor a now gown." " She'll go to the day of judgment with her old one? for aught I care," said he; and with that he was up and away. It was just about two weeks after this that Dr. George Sylvester, from New York, came to take his week's shooting in the hills, and, as usual, went to Myron ttogers's; but when he found the baby was siok and cried all night he left the next day, and Myron sent him to the village to me. I never had taken boarders, but he offered me a reasonable sum ; and when I hemmed and hawed, and said I didn't see how I could, he sat as if he had been planted, with his gun in one hand and his bag on the floor beside him. He beat Ben for persistence, and when at last I said I really would like to know which he wanted most, to come and board, or to make me give up, he laughed, and said that now he wanted most to come. Ben was in Philadelphia getting some money owing from his last voyage, but he wrote me a letter in answer to the one in which I told him the doctor had the spare room, and he said he knew a person who used to say that a visitor was a nettle on a bush, but a boarder was a nettle in the fist, but he hoped I didn't find it true. Dr. Sylvester was not a young man. He was a widower, and his head was a little bald, but he was a good-looking man, and his teelh were the whitest I ever saw, so of course he was one of the smiling kind. And ho had a frank, jolly way, calling every one by name, and in a manner as if to say, " Oh, I know yon are Mr. Adams and not Hoope3, and I am glad you are Adam 3, beoause he is such a fine fellow 1" He knew everybody, and everybody liked him, but I wasn't fond of some of his ways. One day when we were at the breakfast table he says: " Why do you dear your throat so often ?" " I don't know," said I; " beoauso it fills up, I think." "Yes?" he said. "And do yon know the whole village does it ? I never heard such a continual throat-aoughing in my life. Don't your doctors ever do anything for it?" "It isn't important enough to call a doctor for," I said. " That's as you take it," he answered ; " it is ray business to treat throats, and I don't want any patients who are worse than some of the people here." " What ought to be done ?" I asked. " See a good doctor," said he, and then ha laughed. " Very well," I replied, " and that's what I am doing." "Oh"—and he shut his lips together—"l never practise when I am on a holiday; I never give advioe for nothing, nor before I am asked; and sometimes I don't when I am at home,and when I am both paid and asked." " The Lord keep you!" said I. " And you as well," said he ; " but while think of it there is one quite severe oase —a man who wears a red vest." " Indeed ?" " Who is he ?" " His name," said I, " is Edgar Lenox." " And who is the pretty girl who was with him yesterday when you met aim opposite the ooat office?" " His daughter." " Nonsense!" said he; " the girl I mean is not his danghter. She looks like a city girl." "Does she?" said I. "Isn't she?" said he. 41 She goes about a good deal," said L •• Where does she go ?" " I don't know." "To New York?" 411 never heard of her going there.** " Why does Buoh a girl permit her father to wear such a preposterous vest ?" " I don't know." " Well, then, why does he wear it ?" " He thinkß it helps business." "Helps business!" repeated the doctor. " In what kind of business is a red vest useful? Is he a bull fighter?" " No," said I; "he is an idiot arouser. He wears a red vest to make people a3k fool ques tions about him." " For an advertisement ?" " I suppose so." " What does he advertise ?" " Parrots," Baid I. "I am very much interested in parrots," Baid he, "and I'll buy one. Will you take care of it for me until I go home ,Miss Lib ?" " I'll take care of all you buy from Edgar Lenox," said I. After the breakfast was all cleared away I decided I would walk over and see Edgar Lenox myself. I wasn't easy in my mind about several things, and I especially wanted to know whether Ben had written to Frances or not. It was a worm day, but there was a pleasant breeze, and there was a good deal of rustling among the leaves, and wherever there was a patch of corn in a garden there was nodding and bobbing as if some piece of gossip was being whispered all along the line. I noticed that the pokeberries were purpling up the stems and through the leaves, and here and there a sumac stood like some splendid flower in bloom all over. I took my time, for though having a boarder, not yet being much pressed by work, I was free to do as I pleased when the house was cleared up and no meal close at hand. The Lenoxes lived at the other end of the village, where they had quite a little farm; but Edgar had nearly all of it in grass, because he was so often away from home. They had a curious business, and they made a good deal of money by it. They trained parrots, but not for sale. Frances exhibited them. When I opened the gate leading up the front path I heard voices on the west porch; and when I went around, there I found Dr. Sylvester and Edgar sociably smoking. " Good morning," I said. " How's your throat, Edgar?" "My throat ?" said he. " That's all right. Abo»t as usual, Elizabeth." " I am going to talk to Mr. Lenox of his throat," said the doctor, looking at me calm as a clam; " but just now lam greatly interested in his method of training parrots." We could hear the parrots very plainly, and a queer noise they made. It was talking, of course, but not at all like human beings. More like monkeys, supposing they could talk, and I always did think the most curious thing in Nature is that birds and not monkeys or dogs have the gift of speech. Yet it is just as well, because dogs have so much sense that it might be troublesome if they could say what they think; and as for monkeys—well, we do have some of them as it is who say more than they need. I had to wait until Frances got through the lesson she was giving, and it likewise suited me to take the chair Edgar offered and listen to the talk. I don't suppose the doctor minded, as he took no notioe of me, but went on telling Edgar things he had read and heard, and Edgar sat looking as if he was getting no end of information, and was only too thankful. He always reminded me of a ghost, because he always had to be spoken to before he would speak, and he never seemed to have any busi ness in particular on hand. Presently the doctor began to talk of learned pigs. " Yes," said Edgar, who had one in the barn that moment, but looking as if he had never heard of them, "pigs have memory, but no sense. They can't reason, I believe. A little pig, you know, goes in and out under a gate, and it takes a good deal of squeezing and squealing after a while to attract his attention to the fact that he can't always do it. I suppose he thinks the gate has grown lower, or the ground higher. But a pig is easy to teaoh, because he doesn't reason, and he does remem ber, so if he learns to do a trick one way he can be depended on never to do it differently." "The parrot remembers well," said the doctor. " No, it don't; that's a mistake," said Edgar, " for a parrot has a mind like a slate. If you want to write anything new on it you must rub off what is already there. But you can make a parrot put two and two together, and keep its memory in order. You say ' boo' to a pig, and it says ' boo' to yon; but you can say * boo' to a parrot, and have it say ' hoo' jn return." " That is," said the doctor, " a parrot asso ciates ideas ?" "All birds do," said Edgar. "We have trained all kinds of birds, my daughter and I, because we are fond of doing so, but you can show off better with a parrot because of its speech." "Birds know," said I. "Nobody could per suade me that they don't understand Frances. I've known her to call them with those carious little cries she has when they've been flying in the trees, and they'd 'light on branches, and twitter and chatter as if they were asking what business it was of hen what they were doing." " I cannot think of anything more interest ing than to see her training her birdß," said the doctor; so, of course, Edgar got up, and we all went around the house to the back porch, where there was a window covered with netting, opening into the room where Frances gave her lessons. When she saw me she smiled, and -a pretty colour came into her sheeks, but after that she took no notioe of us, ■ Axing her mind on her parrots. fro B> CONTINOBD.I 