Why Did. e Love Her? CHAPTER XXX (Continued). "I am not informed of his opinion," re* plied Mrs. Berkely," but we can hope on, my child. Can you not return with me to the Vale. All the members of my family are anxious to welcome you among us. You can come or send every day to learn how Claude progresses, and we will do all in our power to render you contented." "You are too good to me; but I will prove to you how sensible I am of the kind ness extended to me at this time, when I need it. But I cannot return with you to night. It grows late, and I shall have much packing to do." "Cousin Carrie will come for you herself, for she is anxious to hear you from those she is convinced are unfriendly to you. She bade me to say that henceforth you are to look to her, as to an elder sister, for every thing you need. Her fortune is ample, and the friendship she has long cherished for Claude gives her the right to-assume the place he has so long filled toward you." Isola had suspected the interest with which Miss Carleton regarded Fontaine, and she comprehended that to extend kind ness to the orphan he had loved as his child would bea solace to her heart. She replied to this offer with so much feeling that Mrs. Berkely felt more tenderly toward her than she had done before. Alter a long conversation their plans were settled, and the elder lady arose to leave. Dr. Sinclair had forbidden all ac cess to his patient, who was confined to the two rooms he had occupied. So Mrs. Ber kely was compelled to leave the house without seeing Fontaine. Caesar and Aggy watched over their master, who was never violent with them. Isola had the grief of learning from them that her name was nevermentioned byhim; that no wish to see her again passed his lips. When the carriage eontaining her old friend drove away, Isola ascended to her own room, with a feeling of desolation in her heart at the thought of leaving the house which had so losig been a happy home to her. WVhen Isola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins were built, and informed them that she had come to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expressions of re gret and attachment affected her. Escap ing from the blessings that were showered on her she rode back to the house, to find the Senora awaiting her rettirn on the piazza with an expression of anger on her face. As Isola ascended the steps, she ad dressed her; " You have taken a strange liberty in urdering that horse to be saddled for your self, Miss-I hardly know'what to call you, since you have no right to the name you have so long borne. Selim is now the pro perty of my niece, and I have ordered that it shall be kept for her exclusive use." By this time Isola had become accos tomed to the insolent speeches which were addressed to her by this imperious woman, and she replied: "I no longer claim anything here, ma dam; but Savella would not object to my riding, for the last time, the horse which has been so long considered as my own. Cease your.insults, for to-morrow I leave the home which has so long sheltered me,' driven from it by your uncivil treatment." "Leave La Fontaine I Where. will you to 1" "Ihave promised Mrs. Berkely to take up my abode at the Vale. Since I am ba nished from the presence of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now he is unable to protect me, I shall go to the friend whose heart and hbme are. open to me." "To depend on her, I suppose," she re plied; " with such a lady as you are, any thing will be better than working for your living, though I'll wager anything those you lawfully belong to have - to- work hard enough for theirs." To this vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no reply. She went up to her apartment, to indulge her repressed emotions in a hearty cry. The Senora had left Savella under the surveillance of Summerton, while she awaited Isola's return, for the purpose of giving her what she called a piece of her mind, for the impudence in ordering Selim without her permission. During all these weeks the strictness of her watch over her niece had not relaxed, for she dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. She sought Savella's room, in which she and Summerton were sitting, and whis pered in his ear. The two went out leav. ing Savella alone, but taking the precaution to lock the door on the outside, unsuspi* cious of the pantomime that was perform. ing within. When they disappeared, the girl jumped up and sprang toward the window. A handkerchief was waved from it, a thread lowered to a which a letter was fastened, and an answering signal came from the woodland, to assure her that Phillip: was on the watch. When the handkerchitef was I waved, Philip waited till nightfall, came to the rosebush below the window, disengaged. the missive, and placed one forta Savealraro the thread, which escaped even the glance of the Cerberus who watched over her. ' While this was passing; the Senora drew Summerton into herapartment, closed the door, and said: "I have warned you more than once that your potion had failed in its effect. In place of hurting her, it' seems to agree with her, and now she is escaping from us alto. gether." After deliberating a moment, Summerton said: " If it were not for the will I would let her go. But Fontaine will not last many months, and we cannot afford to give her ten thousand dollars that lawfully belong to us. Are you sure that she has drunk the water! I have made the infusion stronger than the first, and it seems strange itno longer affects her." "I have found means to look into her chamber every morning, and the pitcher is always partly emptied. That proves that she uses it; you must have given me some thing that is harmless." SAs if I should do such a thing !" he re torted. " I believe'now that she pours out a portion of the water to make you: believe she has drunk it. If such is the case, you mast risk everything, sooner than permit her to leave this house alive. How can we manage to give her what will effectually put an end to her claims on any portion of the estate we have fairly earned for our selves !" The Senora rapidly, said: "Of late she often has her tea sent to her own room. To-night she will dlo so, for she is now crying because she is going away. I can put the powder in the sugar. She must die before another day dawns safely. Your skill can produce the symp toms of some sudden and fatal disedse?" "Oh, yes. The house has been recently painted, and she shall die of what painters call lead colic. I. shall say the delicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join the angels. Nobody can contradict as, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." There was 'omething diabolical' in the coolness with which this was uttered. RIe morse was unknown to the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. She rapidly said: "That will do; bring me the death war-, rant, for I am impatient to make all safe bygetting into the dining-room unobserved." Summerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering white powder, the deadly qualities of which had been con densed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Boselli descended the staircase, and, after a passing glance into the dining-room to ascertain if it woeas empty, she glided in. The sopper.table was set, and a cup and saucer of fine blue china, which Isola al ways drank her tea from. To drop the powder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noise lessly as she had entered. .She went up to Savella, who was revolv ing in her brain the means of effecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her everything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could manage to evade her aunt and join him at their old trysting-place. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an excuse from her young lady; she had a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent up to her. With unblushing cheek the Nemesis pre pared the liquid, .and placed it on the waiter. She insisted on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after her headache went off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savellaseemed in better spirits than she had been in of late. Through the servants she had heard of Isola's intendeddeparture, and when supper was over she said: " I must go up and .see Isola; it seems hard to be turned out of the home she has so long been taught to look upon as her own; but the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we must let her do so." "You can bid her adieu," said Summer ton, "but the warning voice which has spoken to you has forbidden you to claim her as your friend." She shuddered and changed colour. ,She can never be my friend, for I shrink from her with fear since, that dreadful' night in' Uncle Claude's room. ButI'll bid her good-bye. I cannot let her go without that. You need not come with me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go to Isola's room." Night had' fallen; the Senora knew it would be impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey, and she was per mitted to ascend alone. Instead of going to Isola, she noiselessly flitted into her room, throw up the window, and drew np a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, with the light of love shining from her eyes. One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again, ' *To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met, I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again. Come to me Savells, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I wilsl come," she said; and a few bhur ried lines were dashed off, sealed, and low ered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com munication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her knock received no reply and she went in. Isola was sitting beside the-fire in her 'dressing-robe, with her hair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, and her head was resting against the high back of the chair. She was colourless, and seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savella sprang toward her, exclaiming: " Good heavens I hIsole, what can be the matter with you? ' You look as if you are dying." "I believe I am," she said. "I.sent Celia down toher supper, and soon after ward I was seized with so violent a pain in; my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed as quickly as possible, Summon Celia tome." Savella pulled the bell-cord, and in a fey moments Celia cams in, looking frightened. When she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. "Oh, hriss Savellt, what can have come over her since I went down stairs? She said she felt better after drinking her tea. What is it, Missy ! "I don't know-I feel ill all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one forDr. Sinclair. The two girls lifted her in their arms and placed her on the bed. On her appearance Savella hbucied from the room, to inform her aunt that Isola was ill; that something mnst be done for her: at once, hoping that this attack might make a diversion in her own favour. Senora Ioeelli went to see Isola's condi tionherself. She looked upon the face so changed within the last hour. Already the livid hue of death seemed setting over it, and her senses had so failed her that she was unconscious of what was passing around her. Celia was wringing her hands, and exclaiming: ', ,Oh, What shall Idol, She tole, me to 'en' for de doctor, an' I.mUst .do.it now; for ef he's not here soon my. dear Missy will Sdie." i Hgahl that Ipmr,", IOld the Seqgrs, -'It'li'uselessto'n io;ifor Dr: msinr iinow. or she will be past help before he could get here. Mr. Summerton is as good a physi cian as he is-ask him to come up and see ,what can be done for her." Celialeft the room, to seek Summerton, and the Nemesis bent over her victim to ascertain how long life might linger in the frame she had doimed to destruction. The Senora's breath came in quick gasps, and she became paler than the half-lifeless eing on the couch beside her. Unable to sustain herself she sank on achair, and sat trembling before the conviction that arose within her inind. Summerton obeyed her summons; but when heentered the clhamber and saw the changed face of his accomplice, he started back in dismay. He'asked: " What has happened to unnerve you so? Put off that look before the girl returns, or it may betray all.'. "Look there," site said in a whisper. "What of that?" he asked.. "It seems that site is marked with red wine. Come thlis will never do; you look as if you had seen a ghost." "So I have," was tile reply; " the ghost of the past. The girl must not die-save her." "Have you lost your senses ." he asked. "Why should I save her when you doomed her !" Shte placed her lips close to his ear, and breathed a few words into it. His face changed as he listened, but he answered: "Even if this be true, it should but con firm you in your purpose." "No-I tell you no! I am a hard woman, I know ; but this crime I dare not perpetrate. I tell you site shball not die. We can ollterwise'dispose of her. "But bw?"' "Leave that to after consideration. Act now; I insist upon it. There is an antidote; use all your skill to save her, or-I know what I may do." "Is that a threat ?" "Understand it as. you please; but my will shall be yours. Refuse, and I willsend for Dr. Sinclair. He will comnprehed all, and who will be held answerable? I will save myself by criminating you. There -you know me-to work, for no time is to be lost." Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerton said: "I will do your bidding; but if your sus picions" are true, she will give us much trouble hereafter." I do not act on suspicion, but on a cer tainty. Hasten for your antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will not be well for you." Summerton ordered Celia to bring warm water, and in a few moments he returned, bringing tle antidote to the deadly agent he had used in preparing his subtle mes senger of death. The lips of Isola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her tlhroat; her chilling limbs were rubbed with flannels wrung from warm water. The Senora seemed nevea to weary in her efforts to restore her, and Summerton used all his skill to undo what they had done. At length the purple ihue left Isola's lips and hands; her eyes opened, but with a shudder she closed them as they fell upon the Senora. "What has happened to me?" she asked. "I feel like one just rescued from death." Aggy rushed to her side, and said: " An' so you is, my darlin'. Ef it hadn't been for the 'Snory an' Mr. Summ'rton, you'd a been wid de angels by dis time." "I have been so ill, and thle have aided me?" she murmured. "It seems impos. sible." "Why so, Isola?" asked Summerton. "Savella found you here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous effluvia arising from the paint which has been used on the house, Fortunately I knew what remedies to apply; you have been' in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Senora Roselli'and myself." "Then I must thank you," she feebly said; "but I am too weak to talk much." "Nor is it desirable you should do so. You:must now rest," replied Summerton, and after giving some directions to Aggy, who was to remain with her till morning, the two confederates left the room to. gether. Isola was too much exhausted to think, though she was in a state of bewilderment as to their conduct towardsher. When she first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused them of having effected their ends by destroying her, yet to their efforts she was assured she owed her life. flt she soon fell asleep, and at a late hour of the following morning she was aroused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella was repeated. CHAPTER XXXI. • us cwrc err.u. Savells remained in the chamber of Isola till her aunt assured her that the patient would recover. She.watched Benora Hoa selli and Summerton with a puzzled ex. pression as they moved around the couch of the sick girl, and showed earnest solici. tude for her recovery. Ignorant as she was of their diabolical intention to rid themselves of her, Savella was aware that they cherished a feeling of hostility towards the adopted child of Fon. taine; and she was at a loss to comprehend the source of the anxiety her aunt mani fested in her restoration. When assured that Isola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to .her own affairs, and she resolved to avail herself of 'the opportunity her auant's preoccupation afforded. her to make her escape to her lover. Shesaidto her: "lam sleepy. I shall retire, and Celia can'stay in my room if you are un$williag to leave me alone.l The girl was nodding in a corner; and Savella thought'she wouldprove but an in different guard.: The Sonora answered: '"You can take Celia with youn; the door is locked on the' outside, and.you can go through this rooni ito your own." Savella smiled, for she had found means to slip out Unobserved, and turn the key; in spite of her anxiety about Isola, .the Se nora had not beenoblivious of the safety of ( hTobe contineued.) To the Point.--" Will you marry me, Ethel?" said theyouth. "My family is all that one could wish for-" Ethel: "Then, why do yso want me 1" 