Local and General. THE quarterly meeting of the Miners' Delegate Board is fixed to commence on Thursday morning next. Mu. W. H. SHAW, J.P., again took his seat on the Licensing Bench yesterday, after a retirement of some months. THE Borehole miners have unanimously decided to pay the Wallsend levy. The levy will be paid during the quarter. M?. ALEraNDBB, the engineer appointed to inquire into the proposed railway to Bar. raba, has almost concluded his work. IN the Licensing Court yesterday two con ditional hotel licenses were granted, one refused, and a full license granted for a new hotel in Hamilton. AN ironbark tree, 60ft in length and 141t in diameter, was recently brought from near the Munmurra Biver to Collaroy woolshed, now in course of erection. THE members of the Y.M.C.A. gave the first of a series of musical entertainments to the seamen of this port in the Sailors' Home last evening, and the proceedings were most successful. IN the article on the " Progress of Hamil ton," which appeared in Wednesday's issue of this paper, the lookup was described as being situated in Beaumont.steeet. It should have read Milton- stroeet. THa Boys' High School, East Maitland, will be opened on the 19th instant. Ar rangements are being made for the reception of the Minister for Public Instruction, who is expected to be present on the occasion. IN the Police Court yesterday, an elderly Scotch seaman with the aristocratic name of Colin Campbell M'Lacohlan, was fined 5i, or 24 hours, for drunkenness, and £5, or two months, for resisting arrest and assaulting the police. A MeETING of ratepayers was held in Adamstown for the purpose of deciding on what course should be taken with reference to the indebtedness of the fire brigade. It was finally decided that the council should advance the money. THoE steamer Matatua, of the Shaw, Savill, and Albion line, arrived yesterday from Wellington. She is the first vessel of this line to visit Newcastle. She came for bunker coal, but will probably receive a con signment of frozen meat. WARnlzTS were issued yesterday for the arrest of Captain Nolle, of the French steamer Loire Inf6dreure, and a Chinaman, who are charged with conspiring to defraud the Government of this colony by kidnapping two Chinese in place of two who.had escaped in this port. MINISTERS are said to be preparing a list of magistrates. About 700 names have been sent in, but they have not yet been gone through by the Cabinet. That is two or three months' work, ahd depend upon it, they will have to lose no time then. Fanoy going through 700 or 800 names, and getting the life history of each one. The list will not be published for another month or so, and then notwithstanding all the care that may have been exercised in its preparation, some will be left on who ought not to have been there-there will be a round peg for a square hole. TIr death is announced of the Rev. Dr. Donder. MonTuLY meetiog of No. 26L.O. Lodge at the lodge room to-night. Miss LOGAN'S class will be resumed on Monday, 18th inst. LATEST returns show that 97 Gladstonian Liberals, 19 Liberal Unionists, and 123 Conservatives have been elected. TtH Duckenfield miners at a meeting lest night, by a vote of 43 to 36, decided not to pay the levy for the Wallsend miners. YESTERDAY a conference was hold at Inverell to discuss matters pertaining to the projected Glen Innes.Inverell railway. To celebrate the installation of the masters and officers of Lodges Harmony and Fidelity a grand ball was given in the new Masonic Hall last evening. THE inetallation of the Worshipful Master and officers of Lodge Harmony took place last evening, there being nearly 100 members of the craft pr.soet. 'ToHE total amount of crushings from the mines of iNew England for the month of June reaches 5600oz 3deu from 4554¼ tons stone, average about 1Ioz per ton. THERE appears to be a defalcation opide mio in the South Australian Government Service. A clerk in the Coroner's Depart ment has been discovered with a considerable shortage in his accounts. IN view of the cholera having reached France, Dr. Toll, the health officer at Large Bay (S.A.), has been instructed to exercise the greatest vigilance as to vessels arriving from Europe, but no ports will be pro claimed. AN extraordinary occurrence took place in the Hobart Hospital. Solomons, a delirium tremens patient, was locked in a cell, and managed to set fire to the place with matches. He was burned to death. The jury blamed the management for the laxity of super vision. Tne usual fortnightly meeting of the Hamilton Council was held on Wednesday evening last. There wee a large attendance, and in the absence of the Mayor, Alderman Reay pr&sided.; Considerable business was transacted, a full account of which appears in another column. Fnoc all parts of the Richmond River, says an exchange, reports come to hand of the prospect of a good cutting. There is a very large extent of land to get over, and if the yield is in any way up to expectations good cheques will be the result. Mill-owners expect the yield will average considerably over 30 tons to the acre. Shale was found last week at the bore put down by the diamond drill on the ground known as the Company's, some three miles to the north of Murrurundi. We (says the local Times) understand that this trial, having proved the existence of shale in quantity on the company's ground, operations on an extensive scale to open up the mine may soon commence. THE sub-committee appointed by the Hamilton Council works committee to bring in a report on the pencil sketch plan of the proposed improvements to the council chambers presented the same in committee of the whole last Wedneslay night. The action of the committee on the question was afterwards endorsed by a majority of the aldermen in the council. THE Chinese musicians of Walgett (says the local News) are exceedingly proficient in what they consider Celestial harmony. A Chinaman suggests that a chow band should be engaged for the carnival. It is reported that the practice indulged in lately by the Mongolians is preparatory to them taking part in the Newcastle Eisteddfod and the Sydney Philharmonic Society's concerts. IN the matter of R. Parker, the man who came to Tanterfield some short time since with a pugilistic company, and who (says the local Ster) was arrested on a charge of forging the name of 0. Fowler to a cheque, applica tion was made by his friends to have the case tried at Armidale. The application has been successful, and the case will ac cordingly be tried at the Court of Quarter Sessions to be held there on the 26th in stant. MB. TODD'S body was found on Friday last on the Upper Macleay, about four miles from where he was drowned (says the .3anning Times). He had just taken up a selection, and was going on to it to commence work. He knew the creek well, and had crossed it that morning, when it was rising, Before taking the selection he had been a maintenance man, and had, it is stated,' ac cumulated about £2000. He has left no friends in the colony. THE Glen Innes Examiner states:-An individual who has slept in the reputedly haunted house since the alarming reports were published that we referred to a few issues back, declares that it has been but a sham ghost after all. A number of pigeons, he avers, are wont to roost on the house, and their flat-footed walk in the quiet hours of night alarms the nervous. In regard to the "fair man" who disappeared from the view of one ghost-seer, and the "death-cold breath" that another says he felt "from the man at the door," the watcher knows nothing. THE other afternoon some men were play ing quoits in a back yard nota hundred miles from Tenterfield (says the local Star). " One of them, in picking up his quoit, saw some thing sparkle, and lifted a small pebble, which he looked at with idle curiosity, soon to be converted into active interest, for the pebble was quartz, and gold was visible on it-and good gold, too. A shovel and a pan were soon procured, and a dish washed, with the result that three nice little speciimens were panned out; and an experienced miner pronounced it as his opinion that they had got the cap of a reef. The thing is being kept dark at present, but we'll see, THISe morning on the Market Wharf, Mr. H. Gilbert will sell by auction a consignment of farm and dairy produce. To-DAY on the premises, Railway-street, Messrs. M. A. Fraser and Co. will sell goods and chattels, and at their salerooms butter, eggs, fruit, poultry, pigs, &o.; THIS morning at the Western Markets Messsrs. Shedden and Co. will sell by auction large consignments of farm and dairy pro duce, fruit, poultry, beef, pork, mutton, &c;, AT the West End Markets this morning Mr. George T. Edwards will sell by auction farm and dairy produce, and during the afternoon at his saleyards he will hold his usual sale of horses, vehicles, and harness. 