• • / . . “ . . “ ■ “ T W Our Lady’s Letter, f T he accomplished lady correspondent of the Tasmanian M ail remarks upon the interest which the birth of the Critic excited amongst literary people in Hobart. She is kind enough to suggest a motto for the C ritic which smacks of Sheridan or Goldsmith, or at least has an eighteenth century flavor about it. We can conscientiously say that we have acted upon the spirit of “ Alix’s” motto so far. As the Editor remarks, the Critic has been already much criticised. We welcome that, so long as it is honest criticism, as showing a healthy interest in the new departure. Intellectual life is shooting out at all points in Hobart, with the dramatic societies, the literary clubs, both French and English. In the midst of this renaissance, this new learning, which is agitating Tasmania as England was agitated in the fourteenth and fifteenth centui'ies, there is room for every kind of literary exponent, both grave and gay, and certainly for the kind of newspaper in which follies, manners, and customs are alike satirised and criticised, in the style, we hope, that made the S pectator and the T attler famous in their generation. Our American namesake, in New York, devotes itself especially to literary news, and though at present there is scarcely a wide enough field in Tasmania for a journal entirely devoted to literary matters, as time goes on a column or two will doubtless be spared for items of the world’s journalistic progress. “ Our Contemporaries” would be a taking title for such a column. Hobart is essentially a concert-giving place. During the past few months they have been going on almost nightly. This -week we have t0 record the Arnold-Barnett matinee on Monday, and the same evening Miss Skerwin’s concert. These Monday afternoons that Messrs. Arnold and Barnett have organised so successfully have now made a place for themselves in the history of the town. Strangers who come to Hobart are told that the Arnold-Barnett concerts are something unique in the place, and it Avail soon be as much a matter of course for visitors to hear these artists as to drive to the Bpwer or the River. M iss Skerw in’s concert was very w ell arranged, th e m usic was of especially good quality, as the nam es of , the composers testified, and was sung by m any favorites of tbe m usical world in Hobart. This, by the way, rem inds one of some erstw hile artistic favorites of H obart society, whose nam es have been rather unpleasantly conspicuous in the cablegrams, not, however, in connection Avith trium phs of art as th a t Avord is generally accepted. Two or three years ago a few people who were, as racing m en express it, more or less 14in the know,” Avere m ightily amused a t the w ay that the hard and fast line of society exclusiATeness, or inclusiveness, som etim es wanders, a t the remarkable curves and angles it takes, and it m akes one wonder a t the happy accident (?) Avhieli includes certain people, and -< little sorry to see some woman’s life em bittered by an equally eccentric exclusion. 44 H ad a g a in !” the street Arabs m ight say, if they talked society gossip. There is always a consolatory side to every m isfortune, and this proves, once again, that 44society ’ is not infallible, and th at .as many m istakes have been com mitted on the side of including as of Excluding. The excluded ones may take heart— to be, or not to be, in the 44 best set’ proves nothing’. A m an’s or wom an’s true value com es out at last, wherever th ey m ay be. erhapfc Stlie system; pf non-fothxduciiqn .preypalng a,i Government House accounts for many ittle mistakes p f •-this kind, • -Any Mr. and Mrs. rovming- Wdod.5 for instance, staying at VYest- 11a or Pressland House, well-dressed, and. peraps art|stidj to s nothing to dp, apparently, but drive out to Government House, leave cards, nd hencefoi'th he received into the bosom of asmanian society. Angels may sometimes be ntertained unawares, and the Ceitio is really the ast person who wishes to criticise anything pproaching -hospitality to strangers—only someimes it’s a little ]bit amusing, as the motive is ot always the simple desire to make a stranger eel at home and at ease. On Tuesday night two intellectual meetings 7ere in full swing—Madame Lucien Henri’s lecure on “ Jean Francois Millet,” and the last eeting of St. David’s Literary Society. After lie usual business a cup of tea was partaken of nd the society formed itself into groups, a s well s the want of space would permit, i o discuss and riticise literary subjects in general and St. David’s Society in particular. Amongst items of general interest,. the Deau announced a new magazine, to be inaugu ral ed in Hobart, but whose sphere is to extend over the whole of the Australasian Colonies. 1 le invited contributions specially in two departments— verse—an inaugural ode, not, he said, to he a 3 long, as ambitious, or as heavy as “ Paradise Lost” (which was rather a crusher for those who had been reading selections from that poem just befoi’e), but something bright and happy. Someone in the audience remarked that the greater number of odes sent in would be sure to be “ odious,” but the person making this observation is known to be a non-member, and was doubtless jealous of the privileges of members. Many excellent pieces of advice were given to St. David’s as a society, and in future, if it profits by them at all, it will be one of tbe intellectual and social centres of Tasmania. The first year is always an experiment, and there has been more friction in St. David’s than in any of the long-established societies. The Chalmers, if they' have had any disagreement, they have been cautiously kept within their own charmed circle. In the Parbamentary Debating Society the members for “ Wallaby South and West Kangaroo” have contradicted and corrected one another with steady impartiality, but the hatchet, so to speak, nas never been unburied in the streets and public places. . - .. OFrthe value o f such a club . as' that which Madame ;Henri'|has started in our midst vie can '. hardly (speak-tdo highly. Madame Henri, as a. literaryAvc^xaxf/aiid. tl^e wife of . an .artist in another fiejd'(‘-is'well ,fitfsed (to give instruction in all branches *of art to^ the womjen who attend her • lectures. In hgr clubj f dp, things are Avoided very - smoothly, for although. Madaine is a Republican of the Republicans, her “ cercle, Fran^aise’’. has the advantages of an autocratic government. That “ too many cooks spoil the broth’?is true of intellectual- as well as housekeeping matters. On We^ufeaday next we afife ,promised a. novel kind of .tentpitainmexit ■at tbe 'T$iSmanian Hall, viz., a sh ^ b^. pantendfoe, ghost, daxi'ce, .and a Earce, EteT-wiiften e^f^ssly'for the Qcca^j&jx;, “I®m Parle Fran^ais.” i(;^The>.efitexffiaixunexxt ■■i^being tef np by-a medical maxi lately settled . here and some friends,, and should be a gi’eat draW. : The latest cyaze in table defiop^tion is to have small crystal dishes of' ijonsei’^^-peta-ls o|^the Sowers usedjin the decorations, for m^sfexice, the vases being filled with rosespaald spray#- of roses laid about on the cloth,. the”fettle-dishes are filled with the daintiest of crystallised X’ose-petals these are bon-bons, made in Paris, and if the decorations are of some other’ fioAver the bon-bons used are, if possible, obtained of tbe same. The crystal ornaments used for these sweets ai’e ot elegant shape and placed all round the table. 