DESIGNS. ^ At the time that Quiz sits down to fire off these few stray shots, the policy of the Government for the approaching session has not been disclosed. It is only known to the members of the Cabinet, unless indeed some disgraced Minister has made a " Caudle's curtain " communication in order to propitiate a scornful spouse. Not even the rival reporters, haunting the public offices, have been able to outwit each other in securing an advance copy of the momentous document. When, however, these lines are in print the proposals of Kingston (Premier de facto) and Playford (Premier de jure) and their colleagues will be known and discussed throughout the country. But Quiz does not intend to anticipate, for no good purpose would be gained by so doing when he can wait one little week and then indulge in some plain speaking if no other public scribe has the courage to criticise independent of petty personal motives. What he proposes to do now is to repeat a few of the significant whisperings that have passed from lip to ear during the past week or so as to the probable changes in the political situation. Hitherto parties in the Assembly have been divided by the " Outs" and the " Ins" without any reference to definite aims. The only clear object of either side has been to get into office and draw the salary attached' thereto. Selfish ness has been the impulse of all, more or less, for we have often seen certain men desert the " Outs" and throw themselves into the arms of the "Ins," whenever there was a prospect of personal profit in the political acrobatic feat. In fact the double somersault has so often been accomplished that the electors have ceased to be shocked by the daring performance. There is a prospect of an imminent end to this state of things, and that the supple members will soon have to make their last jump. Party lines are going to be more defined, and this is how the thing is to be brought about. In South Australia, as in the sister provinces, an organisation called the " National Defence Ass." or the " National Defence League" has been formed. It is the apotheosis of capitalism, vitalized by capitalists' money and capitalists' brains—for they have got both. The heaven to be reached is political power, and this can only be completely attained by getting a Conservative Ministry on to the Treasury benches. Already it is known that some—and presumably that means all—of the Conservative supporters of the Playford Govern ment will put themselves into direct opposition. Such politicians as Horn, Johnson, Handyside, and a few others of that ilk who helped to turn out Dr. Cockburn because of his democratic tendencies are now ready to consolidate with all those who are in sympathy with them—no matter where they sit—and then oust Playford & Co., so that a strictly Conservative Cabinet may be formed. The leader of this new combination is to be Sir John Downer. That is the present intention, but Quiz will do the new party a service by telling them that Sir John Downer is impossible. His political arrogance is unbearable, his upstart Imperialism is an insult to the spirit of nationalism that is not dead but sleeping, and his unsym pathetic personality would wreck any Ministry, as it did his first and last. Still, there is no one else. It is Hobson's choice. For lieutenant he would have Horn (we speak of Horn as we would of Cicero). This politician is itching for office. It is nofl^mbition with him, for he does not under stand what ambition in the broader sense means, but he wants office because—well, just as a woman would say, because. No doubt he has a lurking idea that, once a member of a Government, he would be nearer the tinsel titular decoration for which he longs. Here is the little castle in the air : Office, the Speakership or Agent-Generalship, a big donation to some public institution, and then, presto! a knighthood and a comfortable estate in some swell English county. The rank and file of this " National Ass." Ministry would perhaps include Messrs. Giles and Holder, with a farmers' representative thrown in to mollify that section of the community. Of course the capitalistic Conservatives have not a * ghost of a chance of succeeding without the assistance of the members who represent the farming constituencies, and months ago they began a mission to wheedle or coerce the farmers into obedience. A National Ass. emissary has been stumping the country, and wherever two or three were gathered together in its name he has formed a branch, and had the fact duly flourished by a secretly sympathetic press. This class agent has frightened the flexible with stories about con fiscation and socialism, and all that kind of misrepresentation, while the screw has perhaps been turned tighter upon those whom he has reported as being inflexible. Still, with all this, the "National Ass." propaganda has not yet permeated the electors, and there is not much chance of Sir John Downer and his castiron Con servatives triumphing just yet. As to the suggestion that Mr. Holder would join the party, no one will be surprised at that. He, like Horn, wants office, but for a very different reason. Clever man that he is, he has committed political suicide, for no one trusts him. It has been understood that he was only waiting for a word to fall upon Playford's breast, and, failing that, for some chance to turn up which would land him into the Treasury. While winking at Honest Tom he has squeezed the hand of the Opposition, and if the Conservatives had a show of securing a majority he would not reject their advances. The representative in the Council would be R. C. Baker, the very personification of political selfishness, a man who would convert the land into a huge monopoly and overrun the country with cheap and dirty aliens, a man who is so narrow in his mental outlook that he can conceive of nothing but a few capitalists with an army of spiritless slaves, a man who would wipe every farmer off the face of South Australia—as he did his best to prevent them ever getting there. Then as the last man we should have Mr. C. Giles, who, no matter how much he may at times attempt to tone down the fact, is at heart a squatters' representative. But whatever he is, it is certain that he would merely be a dummy. There would be only two leading actors in the cast, and Horn would try to play Iago to Sir John Downer's Othello. Such is the scheme and such is the team that is being " arranged." What chance is there of its being carried out ? Look upon the Ministry they would foist upon the province : Sir John Downer, Horn, Holder, Giles, Baker, and probably one of the Kellys. Why, to tolerate such a com bination we should be retrograding forty years. Quiz has more than once raised his voice against a tyranny by any class, but this would be the worst tyranny that could possibly be dreamt of. Let all true Democrats be on the qui vive, and frustrate the intrigues of those who while vehemently denouncing class politics would willingly put down their money to gain the power for their own class. 