Art and Literature S^tl'g fame must suffer in some degree from bis own wilfulness, or rather from the ; icouralle defeots of a genius which was rioh ; but not rare, abundant bnt seldom fioe It may *uffioe tor oue man to have to come j nearer tban any ether mortal to ShsW-peare ; iu hie fiction, and bearer tban any other ; mortal to H er in his verse. — Andrew j Lang, j If Gray were living now, probably his idea j of P^radieo would be to lio on a sofa, and ' eternally icad novels by Mr. Stevenson. He would, perhaps, even prefer them to those of the younger Orebillon. Certainly one never wearies of tbem, though one prefers to inter- , eperse them with Miss Austen and a few other favourite authors.— Andrew Lang,, The shrill jollity of a crowd, the common loss of individuality in an ardour of convivial fellowship, pives no new sense of itrengthor o&pacity; ; much rather it benumbs whatever : sense of strength and capacity there was in us before. It obliterates anxieties and troubles, but it obliterates also the self conscious life of every acquired faonlty, and 1 benumbs afresh the half-bom insight of awakening pow er.—rSpectator. Muoh of the confusion in tho world of general thought on the subjeot of the ideal is due to the cenfueion between the two accepted i meanings of thfe word The broad and com- i preheneive, and therefore the primary, mean ing is the designation, of what is present to the imagination asoppoBed to the palpable and materialised, — the theory of tbo thing as opposed to the acocmpHrbment of it.— Atlantic Monthly We inherit more then the wealth' of our ancestors; we inherit the conEeqafnccs of their misdeeds . It is a mo9t expensive thing to suffar tbe people to dro# and sink ; it is si burden which we lay upon posterity if we do not oontinuaily spend and be spent in lifting tbem up. Why, we have been the best pbtt of two thousand years in recovering the .civilisation whioh fell t? pieces when the Roman Empire decayed. We have not been fifty years in dragging up the very poor whom we neglected and left to themselves, the gallows, the cat, and the press-gang only . a hundred years ago .~Seribner*s. 1 Carlyle quotes a saying of Riohter, that : Luther's words were like blows ; he himRAlf compares those of Burns to canoon-balla j muoh of his writing j*r a fusUade. All three 1 were vehement in abuse of things and per- j sons they did not like ; abuse that might : seem reokleee, if not sometimes coarse, were it not redeemed, as the rogueries of Falstaff ' are, by strains of humour. The most Protean quality of Oarlyle's genius is his humour : now lighting np the crevices of some quaint fanoy, cow shining over his serious thought like sunshine over the tea, it is at its best as finely quaint as that of Cervantes, more human than Swift's.— Pro/. ; Atichoi. We come oontinuaily across pictures that have for generations been attributed to Raphael, to Titian, or to Michelangelo, and find that they aro but the work of men of whose existence we have barely a rcoord. A shallow critic would say that it proves tbe master was overrated ; the truth is, there was, in the time when the work was done, a great current of artistic tendenoy which swept emaHer men into the inspiration of the greater, and exalted their powers. Now tbe current is in another direction, and the greater men, who in Titian's day would have been bis equals, are loft in the shallows and quioksands, stranded for want of a pilot or a favorable current.— 7T. /. BtiUman. In one of bis early essays, Mr. St»7enson played with tbe oharmiag fancy that the conduct of life depends upon skill in litera ture : cot indeed wholly, but in a great measure. It is no light task, he insisted, to oommunioate your precise sense of things in set phrase to another man : the choice of words, the nicety and exaotitude of them, may fail to impress your companion as you would have him impreessd. AIL speech, all intercourse by wordof mouth or by * hand of write,' is so muoh praotioe of tbe literary art ; and human oonverse is thus encompassed ? with Academy. . What is this world f An infinitesimal ball of stone and mud rolling about through spaoe we know not whenoe, or where, of no greater size in comparison with the millions on mil lions of other words than au ant-hill on its surface — a mere, almost indistinguishable, spot in infinity, with a quantity of insigni ficant creatures on it, who. flutter about for a few minute*, and then are resolved into the elements. Is it nob, then, too absurd that these creaturesshooldbo ever seeking to lprd it over^ eaoh other, and that any human being should bare for what he oalls * fame f I never look at an ant'^nest without these thoughts oaourring to me.— ZVw'A. To be successful in tho ghost-story line requires a speoial bent. This quality is not allowed to every one. Many great authors' have, however, excelled in the presentment of the fsnt&stio;, and there are at least three living Englishmen who have produced little ? masterpieces of this kind, so that we. are apt' to be fastidious. After Hoffman, B&lsto;,.! Gautier, Sir Walter Scott, Dickens, and . Edgar Poe— all writers of different method, and all masters bf ihe fantasticr-It would iBeem impossible to attain originality. Originality of ideas is not necessary, bnt originality of treatment and atmoBphere ifi indispensable. One must create a new im pression — u» f rut on nmveau, — Saturday MevUw. 