FIFTY LASHES. A Maori War Incident.' IN FOUll CHAPTERS. By Atiia Wi:i i nuny. CHAPTER, I. A full sununor 1110011 overhead, canting i . bars of soft sheen, athwart, tlio -1 reps in I : tho public Dooni% Auckland, 'Now Una \- , ? . '.-,'llUld. -r. i i-A :? -??? , . :t- .1 '.! . On a rustic bench, bonuitli tho wido wide spreading branches of a giunt Kauri 1 pino, sat a half-caste M um girl, -and bv 1 horsido a tall, handsome vout.li, wearing tho dark bluo uniform of ? O.ivcrsliani a Horse. . . ?' . . No Spanish boaulv could boast a 111010 glorious beauty of faoo and forioiiuoi .ICiora Solby. Hor mother — daughter -if tho oUlest Maori ahieftiiu. To I'uko — foil in lovo; and married ono, Turn Solby,, a sergeantiii tlio Oth- Itoiiimimt,' and with lier lumd cams' many broad acre# 111 tlio most fertile valleys of tlio ?? Wuikato, which tho old soldior Boun converted into o good* jmyabjo p»tn(V Wiiilu .Tuora iya.1 . .vet,iuohildthor mnthor^icid, whoroiiipon Turn Siilby (bought n suug-villa riiiUido tho citv, and sent Ilia daughter to a 1 boarding solioul unlil slio becamo old 1 enougli to i ulco - olmrcro- ol- Ins iliousa-: 1 bold.- ?! - :-i i ' And so you , aro . - ijumsf to-inorrow, Oharluy i ' nhu .: a3lred, 'timidly, lit tlio \- «aino (lnio, toying norv-iusly witli bor companion's palm : butivoiin hoc own bhapely handa. '! Must it- rcully bo to lilurrow.?'1 , s .. : 'Really and truly; Kiora,'. ho an B'Aored...- 'Tlio horaiis n'ero put aboard oaily tins ovouiug, and wo aniLta-inorruw ii1. diivlinht.' ? *' llov,' dreadful this war is/' iihe cays, in a low tone. 'All, drcadtul indeed, inv darliny, but wo must not ulaud idly aud a':o tiioao mad ?rfanntteo, tho rtibola, .minvlur ami 'plunder innocent neoplo. : Sino i Jljivi wan driven out ot \Vail;ato tho Ooverniiiont liavo ilono all in Ihoir jiowor lo inducn tlio din satisfied Maorius to lay down tln'ir arms and livu at ppaco with tltoir Pakolia iioinlibours, but yonseo it is ut 110 avail. 'J'ipiu-o and lna era7.y.brolhi-r have roused tlio Tatanakiv tnbos to --|-o.'i rnbolliiMi, and by so doin^.havo unforr.-inatoly [ire vonted 0110 Oharlca Staiilnu from onjoy ?:ns his Christinas dinner iiudor tho samo root as ICiura Solby.' . .'?'.IX.ar Charlie, no 0110 can rogrot that m»flij[-timo more than i-oor Kiora,! ,Bho ai.c'vors, softly. Gharlio laughs lightly, tlion stoops downward .uiail hia 1 1111 -ur,t ;.cb 0 roaehva Kiora's ripo rod lips, and — woll iliu 1110011 ,'iiily knows what tool: placi', for alio was ?vaieluug thoin. Hur moonship sees many ihinga lliat loveia wot not of. On this lovoly, ovoniiiij, thero was no excep tion to the rulo, for sho ohsetvo.d, eloso by uhero Ohai-ho and bin eompauion lulled oiijl cooed at each ul.lu-r, tho form of a nnin crouching low do'.vn behind, a. thiol: scrub, which complotuly hul hini from tlio 1 uj-03of those ho was eviduiinv . watching — 1 « man with 11 pale, vilu-)oui:ing face, which poerod outat the.11 [ruin tho aoreon i of foilaijo with a aavaijo yloain 111 his oyon. Tlio apparel of tho oavoidropjior was Mtn ilai to that worn by tho Kivl'a companion, navo tnat lie had three narrow golden stupes upon. his coat sloevu at the wrist, which bespoke tho man a tioiicommi.i aioued oflicor. , During a loii!f chat, such vis lovers usually indulge in, the Uvatoher iiover'stirrod from his bent position, but tlistoned tii ovary word liiitei-jd with a ijreotl that lyna born only Of d^ep and ab sorbing interest. It was only , when Kiora rose to depart that ho retroalod further into the shade, and in doing so mado a lioiso that attracted the girl's at tontiim.- ' \Vliat was that, Charlie'' she cried, fnestliii}; herself eloso to tho side of that ^oiitleinan, and lookini; round in alarm.' ' What is tho matter, dear V.' ? ; ' Did you not hoar a rustling noise ? -It Bounded close by that bush there, 'slio oaid. ' -r : :- ''Sweet ICiora, you - aro filled with atrango fanoios to-night,' lie said, gaily. First it was a shooting star, big.witli evil , . portoul; for 11s. Now it is.a'noise, as of jioiueltiiking nsaasain. l'ooh, iny girl, there is nothing, . aavo perehauca somo ? grinslioppor looking for his urate.' 1 *' Oh, Oiuu'lio, 1 would givo all I pw fles iu tlio world to prev'out your going to If ?fl'arauaki,' slio said, nitli sudden p energy. ? ' . 'Xonst-nso. Why?' ' Uccaiiio I havo one morbid fancy that whon wo part to night, it will be forever..' - ' Sly davlinp, 1 — ' _ '-'Listen to mo, Charlie. Do you be lieve in dreatna ?' - 'Dioains, oortamly. I believe they aro dreams, nothing more.' The maiden host led nor sitiall.;head, crowned with a coronet of, glossy, ravon hatr, oloser to liia breast, and looking up at jiiui'with her largo eyes, said : ' 1 had a torriblo dreain thp night lie foro last, a dream in . which I saw what took place ub plain as I can soo t'noso trees 'before mo now.' ' What did you see, Kioi a?' ' An encampment of araied men, situ ated on the margin of ii lovely ' lako,'and stirrouuded on nil sido3 by high rugged hills, treeless, and barren: in tho ex treme.' she responded, in a low tono. lJeyond tho tents, 011 a groou patch of nil ard, my dream disclosed a square of . glittering bayonets, in. the ec-ntro of which woro three posts standing upright. On those cruel slakes a man 'was being tied hand aud foot, to be rl.»ggcd like a slave. My God, it was terrible.' Tin) trooper put his iii-m ahoiit the ob-'idor form of lus companion, for alie h; 1 begun to shiver like 0110 in an ague t. . ' Did. . vou rccogniiio tlio featurcH of tlio trifurturcato fellow nt tlio triangles V' lie : aeliod; presently. 'Id'l' 'Ar/ayoukuow,liiin ?'?' . 'Yos.' ' Who was lie. Kiora ? ' ' Yourself, Ciiarlivj 1 .0.1, tlio.uiiuttDr- 1 able anguish depleted tliur-:- ! ' '? U'-i, the ?.in;»cry and '.despair, anu th') £iekening dreadful blows that fell tipun my cars like 1:01113 sliu'Ideriiig horror too great for mortalliearitobenrl Yet l wa3com-. : -rpelled to till llw drradful 'v-o-. k was 1 ft ..? ??? ended, 'l'&ea; I heard loud -/i,i-:t awav ft ' - tii-.vard thccliff, and liiok'ft^ t-r-nye, )-a- 1 lns!d a gre-t horde of al,siin. .1 an ,om 1 U;ih Ii:iO a mighty -aval-inchw iip -r. !;io 11 juare \- of arificd men, and t-!iii --T it into a linn dred:frngiiient8. Tnen ai! line a chaos nilrt coilfujioii, intcrnr.iigli u « 11)1 sliu'itc ftnd ciiop, -nnd a vision of tJio man who ? \- had; hooflsiegraded mounted on a litir.«-i j witlfoUt pither saddle or bridal nis bare { *t»d bleeding bacV jflutetnui; canspic. | uoiislv above tho orowded incleo, until, tn.'Sed to and fro like a Worthless wilif, it : :weiit d-iivn_;aiiml tiie lido of^battlo, (nid'I ?nini it 1I0 111010.' * ^ ChaHio ?.Siiiuton'Uood4nilcut:;for;:a moiuoiit, A fouli.ig nf somo likmulosj dread began to ote»l over :him at jKdora'u recital, but liO.ahook it.oir, niid'rpplied 111 a balitermg nav. 'Dreams aw. all inv oye,' awcothoart. Indeed it has been said by uorlain orusty . old bachelor* that dreams are Itlco ladies,' 1 thuy follow tlio rulo of conlrary:; Comc^ , hold up your head, my dear. l ohall'ror turn to you cr« tlio now yoar ' iB.mauyi .nooks old, with all my honors thick upon : ino.' ? ' 1/ 'fervently-: trust -you ?' may, rdcar Chailio,' slio replied. ' Then auddtihly lifting. hor head : t r ' 1 ' Charlie, I want you to ipakc mo a proiiilso— a imleniii pruiinjo.'ifc^' 1 ' Cji lai ily, -lo ir ICiora. wli it1 am I to promiso?' - « ,» V 'I.'liut vou will'rofram frbin taking 0110 drop of lntoxioatintfliquor until you ru turn to 'Auckland'.'.'':.' - P ' You little tyrant/* lid cri-d,- laugh ingly. ' You. would like, to pot a trap for ,1116. You liavo yourtea withuut stiut— . which, tlio doctors say is rank poison — aud yetone ta 10 bo dejirived of Ilia glaS3 of grog siinply hecauso thatgnidy bead of yours lian been ruriiiing too much on wars and rumors of war. ISut awoet ICiora, let us chilni'o tho aubjeot, JJow lovely tlin nisht is. ' ? They wont out into tho :soft glow, arm 111 arm- — she pleading for his p: o'lnise— lie laughiiighyesistiiig hor. - Onward down the green Blupus, strewn with murky shadows, that soemed .to swallow them up ntid loavo no trace behind, - By .and bv tho lurking figuro camo forth from his lair, and stood- up in tho full light m the moon — a tall dark man — about thirty years of ago, faco aallow and closely shaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined ]aw, filled With lirm white tcoth.. . ' So hero you are, Sorgnniit Clomont Exley, plnyine tlio ; spy,' ho inuttorod upostrophisiug lninsolf, a sinister gleam 111 his oyo the while. ' Wliv, who would have tliout*ht:tlin ring doves would select this place tor their senielesa chatter ? almost under ruy tioae. Humph, iny limbs aro racked Willi cratiip: Confound .thuin both. What tlio devil can there be about thjs weak fooling di\nd v- that alie must prefer lum to a botter.nmn. Aye, one who cares' nioro : fat her than lie does.' Ho stood witli folded arms a moment, watching tho direction' they- had taken. ' There yo go, Cliariie ,Sfanton, with the whip hand of nie. but tako-caru, my lad, 1 don t checkmato you. For ton years you, and 1 have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie ; butmodorn societv littlo droania how I liato your fi'HMid.shi]). Ii has robbed 1110 of many '.limn I had sot my heart on, evon the love of this proud wench, who has thought lit to ireat my ; advances with scorn and insult, since you ? havo taken the liold,. Charlie, moil c/iei\ Well, well, I am con tent. - to bido .my time, ICiora Solby. Dreams have boon fulfilled ore this. I liavo tho cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will use it wiicu tho opportunity oiDers.' lie followed in the wake of tlio lovers with a slow and moclitatiyo step, his head bent, aud his hands clasped behind his back. ' If my friend Stanton 'has ono pot vice abovo another,- that vice is drink,' ho muttoroil, pausing- in his walk. ; Not a aot that, lovea to .tipple iilono' until he ia speechless ; oh, dear no j but one of your, gentleu.anly, social souls, -n'bo cannot say nuy w-h.311 it is placed nndor his 11030. . L it linn promiso if ho; 'will, ho cannot resist it, I have studiod tlio limn. Twice has lie risen to tho rank of sergeant Since tho corps was formed, .and each 'time de graded to tho ranks' again through hia lovo of s;ood liijuor. So, so, Charlie, all's fair in love and war. Thoroforo, I'll bait my lino aiid anglo . for : you, niy friend. _ ' Once landed, 1 see my way to lu belle A', and hor broad acreB.' Sergeant x 1 or, of Cavorsham's Horse, quickoiiod his pace, crossod tho park, and ontured Parnell, thoneo his walk became Blower, until,he reached ohortand Place, Here. ho halted, and stood watching tho front of a protty villa On the opposite r.ido'of the way. ^ Therd must have teen something very attractive here to engage tho sergeant's attention, for lib' remained on tlio spot close upon two hours^ : Ho wr.satill waiting and watching whon aiyOung man issued from tho houae, hum ming ii favorito. opera air. ' Hullo, Charlie ! well met, dear boy' Where have you been V' cried Exley, in a surprised, yet pleasant tono. 'Just ran over 'o bid the Sclby'a good by,' replied Stanton, 'But what aro you doing down thia way, Exley ?' ? ' Ah, taking a wallrundor the moon t'o viow tlio city. I guosa ivo shan't have another opportunity of vioiving the spires ot Auckland by moonlight for somo timo to come. Truth is, Charier, I am glad to havo met vou.' 'Why?'. . ' Bccauso I wan just making my way to tho Albion, wliero I've promised to meet ono or two jolly fellows, to tako a parting glass. You will join me, of course ?' . My :dear T3xloy, nothing would givo 1110 greater p.len'suro, but — ' ' lint' what 'Tho truth, iB,' stammered Charlie, ' I liavo niado a promise not to touch liquor of any kiud until 1 return from laranaki. ' Phew, 'whistled the Sergeant. 'Iain .sorry^ for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of the best punch, and oiio or two of the most coniio dogs in New Zea land. Good night.' Sergeant Exley turned upon hia heel, but Stanton caught hini by. tho arm, ... VHbld hard, .Exley. Wo sail early in mOi ning : it's morning already, therefore I'm with you.- I can accompany you without breaking my word, :ch ' Certainly.' s , :. And the iuigler went ill with hia' inton- ded dupe,. and brought him forth in tho groy light of tho dawning day, stiiggoring, uproarious, and with his .promise shat tered to tlio winds. ' .CHAPTER U. : 1 There aro few scenes in Now Zealand I nioi-o grandly rugged than the .Ohaii | Valley, 'L'aranaki, the mot whoro, the i voluntot'rs had formed .tho bivonao, on t'he 2t'h of Djcembor. in anticip itibh of ! liiciMing tlio rebel Maoris. ; ' I' v.'ai (Jhri-Un,\s 10 vy, tho time, flight j witii iiiiiim and stars stiiddinj the dark liluo.cap'ipy of livaveu, a i.on tliu itlglitof th,o*adi'._;;.i. -if tho' .Miater,'ti9.irly nuSote^-n hiiiiur, ii,y.- ars ago. ?: .: I 'its tinsli) vv-ii-i»mi-ns«d'.4of' six ,hun i'ied; rtiili: - irud lile, of tho- Aut-'iliiu 1 ' Ri;!tUj togiiiluT with ono troop nf ( ! ^ n- ' ihnui's-' llorse. ' The latter hud' pitch- d ' their f ente on a small lull »-j i.ic.-nt to th'c Coaimissana^stiirt.'s ii«w bw;u 1 piled and oovorcd over by a largo tar paulin; Of tho 'Bixty men of tlio troup ton had buon told . off as n guard, under? tho charge of Scrjsoant ljjcloy. Tlio^supply ofgrog and-provisions wore: only limited, and nocded hut 0110 nontry at a tunc to. koep-ilratoli and ward over them, '[.'here woro' Bix'f[Uftrtor casks of rum standing iu a row- 'flanking the stores, — a torriblo. temptation and dangerous ill the cxireuio to any: poor tippler who chanced io liavo, cliargo in tho still dead night with 110 oyo , looking on.. : v I : v.This idol appoarod -to havo takon pos- I sctiiibn.,of,JtlievBorgoaut, -for-, I10 ca'.led l tlio guard togetno, about tho watch-lire, and (aid : . Cohirftdds, I noed hardly remind you of 'tho goneral order issued this myruing. Wo- aro u|id-ir martial law bore in . the , field, Colonel Hnrtop]), as yon all know, is n very.strict ofheor, and \wll: piuiisli tlio slightest -Viogleet' or carelessness with severity, mind that ; and above all remem ber that any man found tipsy while on duty will most assuredly go to the tri angles. You understand.'' ; T'hoy appeare'd to understand very woll that drunkenness would bn punished only: with tl'.o lanli, and tlmy glanced towards the rum— putichoons— and thought the aergeant a w^iithy, follow to ooiioerri liim sel£ about tlieii, woll'ave. Thorc woro others about the firo who. did not belong to tho: guard. Ono a short, broad shouldbrod, jolly-looking fellow, wlib had evidently seen more of-ocoan than tirra fmna, if one mignt judgo'by lna gait and: hia conversation, ilia namo waa^ Bob Cable, and, wliile th^sergoant warned his moil, was deoply intont'^ittemptiiig to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose Of a magnilicient water spiniel at hia side. . This experiment with tho dog appoarod equally interesting to anotheriiiidividiial, viz , a' bare-legged Maori lad- about four teen, who stood by with mouth agapo. Tho boy, who answered to the mm -lc plume of ' Sanfly,' was one of tlmt gender known as a' canip-fag and goneral Icnook abont amongst the troopers. Ho could, spealc Eiiglisli pretty woll— so far aslying wont — and waa withal one 'of, tlio most inichievpus ' young; jvagabonds in 'Alaori land. , As tho jiight waxed apace' thore arose a koon east wind, which made tho air biting cold, and apt tlio ',w)tite tents shivering like so many Bheotcd- ghosts under tlio moonlight. Tho Maori lad, prowling, about for sotne placo. of aholter for tlio night, found a snug 'corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the atoreB, and thero retired1 to rest 'tfitnout more iido. Tho party' round ' !ho fiio gradually thinned, until only two persons romained seated by it,— Charlea Stanton and Bob Cable. It . was easy to porceivo that a warm and sinoero friendship existed be tween theso'twaiii, y«t 110 two man were moro oppoaite- in person and disposition. Tlio ono handsome, gentlemanly iiiTd re-' fined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusillanimity. : The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstiflato' aiid doiormined as a bulldog.- vHow came these op'pOsites! to bo friends? Simply through one littlo act of kindness. At the storming of the jlaori Btronghold— ' To Ranga '— Bob Cable lay bleeding to death oufsido tho enemy's trench fro-n a severe gash in his. sido received during tho attack. , The ?volunteers-' woro repulsed, but at the risk of his lito Ciiarlia Stanton walked coolly out to the trench and brought ? in the wounded man upon Ilia back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori -bullets. '-It was a 'gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often ? apoken hia gratitude in language , more forcible. than polite. And hero they sit'by tho Are, with tho dog between them, and a small llask of rum, which liaBbeon eniptied . to tho dregs ill fighting their Waikatu campaign over again. Presently tlioro is ii call . for No. A of tho guards , Charlie Stanton rises liur riodly, wishes Cable 'good- niglit,' iind answers 'hero.' Itis his turn for aontry, and ho is marched over to relievo the man posted on tho stores. Silence now .reigns throughout tlio camp, save for the wild screech ol the pelew out yonder by tho lake. Sanfly, crouched under the friendly covering of tho tarpaulin, is suddenly, awakened from his' rosy dreams by tho BoUnd of voices in tho vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of tlio cover ing and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is atanding with a pannikin in liis hand,, talking, to the sentry in a low, earnest tone. ' Indeed, Charlie, I seo no great harm in taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. Wo are not in town where it could be easily , obtained, therefore ono must get it by stealth. :Of course you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but 1 must say a small half-pint out of ono of theso caaka would never be missed.' ' Perhaps not,' answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly. ' Pray do as you please, you havo command of tho guard; but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gavo us respecting general ordera and Colonel Bartopp's Btern discipline ?' Tho sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, ' Wait until you're promoted again, Oharlio, 'than adopt iny plan. One side for tho men, tho otlior for your frioiida. Surely you woro not impressod wittrmy caution. ? Lord, I feel inclined to roar.- sometimes at all the fuss aud humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Bed tapo and bunkum, bunkuni and red tape to; tho end of the chapter. I'll bet Colonel Ilartopp has not retired to his tent without ,a skinful of good liquor. Why then should wo, com rade, who havo to watoh through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is hero ready at our bauds?' r » ' Bravo, Exloy ! Very woll argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddlo with tho commissariat, except the quarter master, but, I 'repeat, 'you are iny superior oliioer, and — there are tho casks.' 11 Good. . -This fellOw lieto seems a littlo apoplectic, wo will bleed him.' ' With all my heart s but how will you' do .it, through his tmngholo?' cried Charlie, laughing.' \ ' No ; only a bungler would go to work that way. Seo here, I havo a gimbldt. Now, keep watch wliilo I spilo thiaf...llow's frontispiece.' Clenieiii Exloy cast a triumphant look at his companion ero he went down 0:1 his kneos to.bore the rum puncheon. Had the good-natured, inconstant dupe seeii that look, ho would have thought twice before hob-nobbing with tlio sui-thv and crafty Kcoundrel byforo him. ' .I'ut C.'iarliq Scantoii, nieasii'nu^ the mail by h:s own standard, saw noliiiii'' in it kivO .a. good felh.'.v iu want, of a luiM.itcr, ,')i;d whu had pluck ' ii'ii'iih t:- liaxnd 111) serge, ui''b stripe# for it- . .- , , - Crai'rling from hia 1-vi' iilemiy as a B..|',|i2iii; S inlly bvhul.) il ili-j imldi-'ig the |iiiliu;kiii'i'Vvv. a thin.iy 1- j\i i' ? fninv I i. no of i!io'«a ,ks.' l.Iir.v t!(-; l.qaor 'iii-i^.l | aiiU '(('lir'.'i.-.it, ii'A:.tt;4'|»-u'lrd'in»«»';!i'ii p. it I j Vrheii .tlie pm ivii- full, Oi.ririie held 'ii:s! 1 , mull to ihf . hiil'j ? uiitil '.lie ori- ieaiit ! I'.'nircci! it u)» twuiu. ! ' cuiiir.iue, lake a nip,'1 ' j ' After' you,' said Oharli.', inodost- ly. ^ I ? . ? ?! 'Tho girls wo left behind, 11s, and tho sergeant put the liquor to bis lips, but he did not drink any. - v . ' I'll giyo that jil odtro with all my heart,' responded Cnarlio, -in proof of which ho iilmoat emplu'd tho pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath if. r the nonce, but that was nothing, for I' tho night was cold. . What do you say ; shal( wo refill the goljloti S|ahton : I' By all means, Exley,'' arid tlio pot was replenished.' ?'? ?- ? 1 ? ? ' 1 did not expect wo wero going to liavo sucli n jolly t una in - gcm-riil,' said the son try. sealing lnmsnlf on one of -the pnnchconaj with the can -of rum between \llis kn'tfes. ' Ootiu', 01i!inrtak'o aaip and pass tho d. canter.' Ima short time the measure was again empty, anu ouce moro Ii 1 1 cel. Tho fiery spirit was at least twenty do greos over proof, and auon began to tell On, the tro-.qier. -.. , . - ' -V.'e must bo. ea'uitous, comrade.' and not arouse the Bliepuig guard,' said the seri-eanl, as .'Ouarlio became rather noisy. 'Is is now. past niiduiglit, and I don't ex pect tho visiting ollicer before 'foin o'clock.'. . 'Oh, bother tho visiting oliicer ; pass tho nappy, Clom.' . . '1 suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours aro up. Charlie?.' - ' 'Not at all. I am content to remain bora till daylight, providing yon leave me the gimlet. Hero's your liealih. Clem, and may you iivuto be a general. ' Tlio sergdant watched him with glibten ing cyos. t 'Steady, comrade, you will bo tipsy,' lie said. ' I I nonsense. Here, hold iny carbine, tho pot is empty.' Ono a.m. by the sergeant's watch, and his companion is growing thick of speech, and rather prosy. lii * another half hour tlio poor dupo is staggering about, moral ising .to the empty air, like one of Con greve's heroes. Ho will have another sip of tlio liquor, and I10 has his way, for lie is beyond ;rea3onnow, : The rumbas mastored him completely ; anon hois nothing but a grovelling bundle of hum m ity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, aud talking— yo Gods !? — rubbish and ribaldry, that tlio sorgeant grows disgusted, and loaves him alone ill his glory. \- Tho officer of tho night begins Ilia rounds earlier than was expect' d. At Ihreo a.111. the cominisanriat guard turned out at hia summons, and was.dismissed as coireot. .. :? ' How many sohtries havo you, Ser geant Exley?' 1 'Only one, captain I' '.I will visit hiiii.' j ' ? It was usualfor. two men of tho guard, and tho 11011 commiaeioned oflijer iir charge, to accompany tho odicer when visiting tho sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who conducted tlio cap fain over to the stores; biit of course thero wus iio une to challenge their approach. . ' Halt I' cried tlie oflker. How'b this ! Nyhere is your man,, sergeant ?' ho asked in 11 tono of surprise. Beforo the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from hia hiding, and pointed out tho dark inort form of tlio tipsy sentinel stretohed upon, the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from the tent, and they tried, to rouse ?him, but iu vain. Thore appeared 110 liocd to eniiuire how tho man got drunk on. his post.. Tho leaking cask, tho gim let. and tlio pannikin half full of liquor on tlio ground beside him, told its own tale. ' This --is a very unfortunate matter,' cried the sergeant, with well feigned ro ! gret in hia tone. ' What is to be done, Btr?' ? 'Done ! why, your duty, Sergeant Ex ley, of course;' responded tho captain. ' Carry tho poor I^cvil to the guard tent, and put nliother man in his place. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Goodnight.' Morning cn.me with its rosy blush, tinging the hill tops, v.id kissing the sleeping oncanipniont into renewed life. It found S.-rgeant Exley pacing moodily before tho guard tent, where his unfor tunato victim lay, slumbering' ofE the fumes of intoxication. ' Is this but tho prelude to her dream?' he muttered. ? 'Gad, it wouldlBeem to.' Hero aro tho circle of hills around, .bare and treeless, overlooking tho valley bo low. Yonder, tho Ohan lako'gleaming ill tho early sun like a burnished shield.. What moro ? Shall the ourtain rise to day upon tlio. first ict of tho tiream ?— the formud square, and, tho man tied-to tho triangles? Wo shall s6e. - Charles Stanton, it would havo boen well had thou or I never seen ICiora Solby. Poor wrotoli, sleep on. When thou wakest, thou, wilt see tho cat ready. . Aiid now to snatch an hour's sleep. ? 1 Ifo'rturned into tlio tout, and. at that moment the voice of Sanfly was heard calling for Sna'pj tii'e re triover, who ran, fiisking to'.varda tho lad in great gloo, aud the pair, raced, down the hill towards tho tent occupied by Bob Cable. ' '?'? . chapter' IJI, ? Colonel Bartopp, an old Indian; officer, and moreover a strict discip,;namn, was ono of tho last men in tho' amiy to pardon any serious breach of duty in the men under his command. According to. 1 1- 0 y 0 tor an', thero could' bo no crime bo heinous iis -disobedience and nogioot in the fiald beforo tha enemy, Tho lives of a thousand,' nay, fen thous and liienj may rest upon the caro and watchfulness of 0110 sentinel. Tiio General's orders that evening con tained tho convening of a Court Martial for next day at 110011, which in duo course asao'iiblod, and tho oalprit was brought before it to answer tho chargo of being drunk on duty. Oharlio Staliton wiis not saber,- and answered tho quoBtions: jjut to him in a hazy way, which only mado his guilt appear all tlio moro culpable iu tlie eyes of his judges. - Once only during the proceedings, and when Sergeant Exloy was giving: his evi dence, ho put up his hand as if about to robut tho statuinent, but; 'tlio presidmit commanded him to bo' (? ilenV; aud so'' he ramaiu .d until the proceedings, tormtn. ated. ' . ' Then came tho verdict ' FiftV Liulies.' ....... Theiv wasiiuither .time nor season loi ainwuher mode i»f pu'.i^hiiioiit. Kml a man in tho oamp but tl.'at fel; ' sjivry for thu.u -furtnnatu prison'!', Ves ? ?,v'l i 'in',, but evi -i he ttfipciire.l'to. . .Vi.'.ni i.id syiiijii'liy lith his d ijio, and :t'V« if -i ct\\.i:t fi t- l-ei Va giititiY'liow. ';P 11 riu. ,.t li ih p.i'.lc ?.;.!iod; a,k ii.ee, at M,e M ,';i-.-ii,l, a - .( c:,u-.,.k his, ni.iigH pnti: 'I va-smut Uudi-r -tali 1 ' ' ii ' r!i:a:')',a'ii,-i:i ?«'-.'Ui; » r.i;.jH-.v. i.-, C , .1 lio at ; h0 ^an../ wi-.., ;.U, nil, i ; 1 doiy .wn..s ?- n.tt. r,-.i,l r .- !.- I ll : sej C! itsul Ii -,v i.jiii,, Ti!0,.i)V.8o'iii'tl:ing in 1 « iv I 1 I ^ t|, .'a ? f.,;- V' .1 ' ah t'j.iiv!, C/iiciiuioU til lU'y-IiuM, ' ? 