mi«m»8srBMnsl A T«le of &anshine; and j Deaths Shadows. ' fjJr B&x;, ^ba-nkltn ^Anoford.] ] chafer in. WfAB-OOL-KTBMOT. Thiit e^csniiig, to my delight, tbc interest' *inp y^iung widow api-oarcd al dife'totr, Traifctvnt in smiles and beaulv. Hei- «y!\vev aurtion was brilliant* and she ^ju ahimated without- being dcmon&Ta;'Uve. She main tained an air digTifay even in the midst of her brilliant rallies, which pave her, in my ftrcs. an additional charm. There was B«e ol 'that abandon which but too often ♦sharatftcriBes women of culture, taste, and ^refinement. I took the opportunity of ft martang, after dinner, when vve had all s*A]ourned to the parloi\\. or library. \n the presence of rt»y landlady, that now. as pbc, Mrs B., ws-S going to remain for sometime, perhaps Yny occupation of the bedroom might Iks inconvenient. Should I change, I asked. ' No, meet decidedly not,' she sr»-5. *'I have heaTd the 6aying about ?f»me man who was so great, that it took two ships to carry : Iiim- but 1 do not pessibly sec how I can steep in two bedroems. except I run back wards and forwards during the night. Hut.' she added, 4%may it not be possible that the proximity of the drawing-room, and rwy father We occupation of it at night-, shmiid tee detrimental to your refit ?' 1\ was detrimental, indeed, but I was not SgMTjg to own it. ! always liked to retire *nrly, at 10. if pos^.ble : and m» lone as 1 could see the Pirviak of light under the door, and knew that- she was there, thorr could be no (kKsrtrility. of my sleeping. for very reasons. However, thai qtiCF'rtoO 'was settled to our mutual pattaiaeVlob. 1 to atteid a meeting *ha'l W.ght which ?would keep me till 11 o'clock. The servants went to bed early, tio^ very Ions after tea. in fact. My landlady herself invariably went to bed at 11. whetlier 1 were in or not; should 1 ^e after that hour, to lock the. hall ?door^.Tid put up the chain, as is the custom 5n ttany London bouse*. So I wished tln»m (jood night, without waiting for tea, which used to 1m! on the table at 9 o'clock, ami proceeded to the city. I should add thai suppers I never indulged in. however late the hour might be. 1 was considerably after my lime that night. The house was all silent. and, taking off my boots asnuiswlcsslv as possible, T crept up as silently as a oa* in my slippers, shadinp the candle as I parsed the drawing- room door, but no streak of light was there. 1 was very eleepy. and lost no time after 1 entered my bedroom in preparations for retiring. 1 put out the light. and looked to sec whether there was any light in the drawing-room, bnt there was not the faintest gleam. Ah ! how 1 missed that thin, golden thread, which seemed destined to lead mo to a labyrinth of love. A second fair Rosamond's bower ! '? Ah !' muttered \ to myself. ' she has retired early to- tilght.' and was about to court slumber, when, like the student in | Edgar A. Poc'b 44 Haven,' 1 was euddcn.lv stanled. foe. '? I heard a rapping. As o£ some one gently tapping, tapping at my chamber door, Ooh* this and nothing more.'1 I sat up in lied and listened. Presently another little tap at the drawing- room door, and the sweet little voice which I knew eo well, called out very softly, ?? Mr L ? !' '? Yes,' 1 replied. bf 1 jumped out in the dark and approached the door ; ' do you re quire anything 7' ' Oh do excuse me : 1 heard ynu come in. and did not. like to speak for a while. 1 hope 1 have not disturbed you,' ' Certainly not.' I replied, rather puzzled, however, to know what was coming nest ' Are you ill ?' '* So; hut I generally leave my gas slightly turned, on, but to-night, just lwfore i you came, J turned it ofT altogether : I am j in total darkness, and have not got a single ' match. Can you convey one to me ? Ii reallr Tequire a light.' I II Wait a moment.' I said, ??and I will push some under the door.' I groped and found the matches, which were was *' vestas,' struck a light, lit my own candle, and then tried to push several under the door, but without effect ; the bottom of the door touched the thick carpet, which had a I sort of ' pile.1' too clopely. 60 I wa« about to I give it up in despair when a thought struck me. 44 What a fool I ao.'' I «iid io her : ?? J never thought of the keyhole : now. catch them !' 'Oh! thank you.' she said: 'what a deter fellow you arc — clever enough for an engineer.' ' I am an engineer.' I said ; ' that's what 1 Was in the East.' ' Indeed ! You did not- toll me that : but 1 had all the talk to myself to-day. Your turn will come to-morrow— oh !' she gave a little scream. '? What's the matter ?' 1 enquired. 'Two of the matches have missed, and this nasty thing has burnt, my fingers ! They bend up so that I can't strike them properly. What shall I do ?' 'I've got it,' I cried. ?' Sow I'll shnw you some engineering skill if you nil) wait two or three minutes. Hut are you not cold ?*' for it was the middle of October. '' Oh. no ; 1 have my rho^a (Indian cloak) on* Shall I talk to you while you are engi neering ?' 41 Do, by all means. If every engineer had the like comfort at his work engineering would l-e made easy.' I had split a piece of an old bamboo cane, and tied a match to it with thread. 1 lit the match and put ii through the keyhole, hat in my hurry it was a failure. ''Wetter luck next time.' I said, as I proceeded to ' lash' auother match tot-hcstick : '1 will be more deliberate this time.1 'I was. and it was a success. She lit the gas. and then returned to the door, '? Can I do anything more V 1 asked. 44 No. thank you. I am much obliged, and sorry for troubling yon. Bui would not this seene. or one like it. look well in a magazine under the heading of 'Conversaiionsihrough a keyhole ?' and she laughed at the eoneeii of the thing. -Goodnight:' ?* Wait a moment.' I said. '? I am afraid I shall not have the pleasure of seeing you all day lo-morrow. j have togo i -- HngfUon Ju an early train, and expect to come back bv an early one the day after to-morrow.' '? Oh, I'm so sorry.' she said—-, really very sorry. Well, good night !' ??Stay'' I said ; these mntcbe.% have M.'t me thinking. What do you say to the proverb, or aphorism, or whatever it is, which asserts that 'matches arc made in heaven '?I have only to say that if they ;ire anything like the match I tried to lighi jiiNt now and burnt, my fingers with, I would not give much for them. Now. good night, finally.' '?Good night!' I echoed, and thus ended that conversation thr#ugh a keyhole | 1 did not goto Brighton that day. Jlow, little, indeed, do any of uk know, how very few of us can surmific, what a day may bring forth. Three words from the Hps of one man can bring on a revolution which will cause thousands of slaughtered men to lie in ' one red burial blent.' word and when a late Kmpcror of Germany uttered at Ems, 1 think, the one single word 'mobilise,' a hundred thousand, nay, two hundred thousand, nay. much more, sprang forth like 'Clan Alpine's warriors true.' armed, like Minerva, cap-a-pie ; and, behold ' Death rides upon the sulphury Siroc. Bed battle stamps bis foot, and' nations feci ♦ lit. Bhr^lr t' Pretty much tbc same in households. One cold word will blight an entire family, and a few hours will bring death and desolation. ' Big Ben' wa* booming forth the hour of twelve from the clock tower of Westminster Palace when I put my latehkey in the door and entered. I locked the door verv gentlv. and put up the chain without a sound ; then I crept up stairs softly, carrying even my slippers in my hand, and with only mv socks on. All was dark and silent in the drawing-room ; there was no streak of light under that door : but under her, Hanoo Beltu's, bedroom-door there was a t hin golden thread of light, and on the opposite wall of the corridor was another golden spot, shaped something like a dressed dolL This was the light.tbrough the keyhole. I knew she slept with a light burning, so I could not tell now whether she was awake or asleep. I opened my room door with the greatest caution, chuckling to myself at the surprise I would I give them in t he morning. The Kitab-ool - J JZinnut was unfolding its leaves with a veo- I gcance ; for 2 do not know &fcsb; possessed mc to lie down on * hi t»ed that night without undressings *'^0^ 'where I lay ' a-thynkynge.' Thirlwig of mv own hitherto lonely con 'tirion ; of the beauty, the brilliancy, tho in* tcllectual jwwor. the sound conttndtt-sense, tlie extensive knowledge of HanoorBeHu^^b^ last link in tho long family ohaiti of V.he Mon tezuma*. My light wasbfcrof.g also. Was I indifferent Jto Fo ; 1 could see that she hcJd.Ttc in name estimation, even after Fofrh a brief acquaintance. But- ] could also toe that she cberishcd the memory of hor husband. She had shown mc hie picture, a small oil-painting cxecut-cdby a well-known American artist ; and her own pfrttic s'tood in the corner unpacked. I^Wol a huge paint ing, in st heavy Arid /rfcfiiy gilt and carved frame, ftillv peVcAfcet high. She, dressed in a closely ffolftgdark crirasou velvet—' ' Im perial M Velvet, for was she not Royal ? — with a lace handkercluei thrown over hor ucjm and tied under her chin. Tho figure afc 1 large as life.and thoartlM wawa ft^Wiian one of note. Yes ; she reverM iter husband's memory, and Crorti hft portrait, and her own enthusiastic A^-crlplJon of him, 1 knew he hod beefc a man of no mean order (he had bt- ldngcd to an ancient Scottish family), and for her sake 1 could not but respect- his memory also. Well, it could not have l-een less than 2 o'lcock when 1 heard - rtrarige sound. It seemed like a -*aM (i tiigmsh. The nearest sound J.evc'r heard to it was the 'keening' pi * he lemale mourners in the 1 raotinta*.fcp'6i Cork anil Kerry. 1. standing ift^kc 'valley, the sounds descending from the mountain, softened by the distance, seemed inexpressibly plaintive and uiusfoal. ' That was t ho sound 1 now he«srt MVrough nnd listened, and Apa'u'r ihe mournful sound of wall! tig aM a^^ulsh reached my ears. Oh ! grac^n* heaven, it was from her room ! 1 opdrtol my door, and Itoundcd upon the lartding and stood at. her door. The thin golden streak of light was still under the door : the tiny golden doll was still on the I opposite w:ill, like a very small ghost ; and as I listened, my blood curdled in my veins, when I heard a voicc—kfr voice, but weak and tremulous, calling— 'Oh. God— 1 am dying V1 '1 am here I' 1 cried, ahd \ tried the hanille of the door ; alas, it was locked 1 I sped through the dra\ving-room. and reached the othordoor of her room. Thank God. it was not locked. Had it been, 1 should have thrown all my weight against it. '' I am coming !' 1 cried agrdn. as 1 rushed across the drawing-room, aha when I entered, her bedroom, oh ' $ hat a scene met my eyes ! The gas «'as turned on. not full power, but gave a subdued light, every object being visible. There she lay— my regal, my beauti ful. my gifted, uiy whole-souled Hanoo-Pchu! She was lying just as I first saw !««»!? lift the couch, her hands folded « rroitcr on her bosom ; but. Ai dr mt- Alhima the rich. ' crimson blood, the royal blood of the Monte zumas, welling and bubbling from her beau iifiu niouJlj ? Her eyes were fixed on me as J \ entered— large, dark. full, round, and lus- 1 trous ; I could read in them joy, hope, grati tude. and sadness all commingled. They hail reminded mc before of Lord Hvron'e 1 description of a st.orm on the lake of 1 ^'lc l.f?r is changed, and such a change ! oh. Kight, And clouds, and darkneee. ye are wondrous strong And lovely in your strength, as is the light Of a dark eye in woman ! She tried to speak. ' Po not attempt to « iy one word. I command you.' 1 said gently. I then put my arm around her. raised her up in a sitting posture : but it took nil the strength of my left arm to hold her. for her frame was perfectly limp, relaxed, and helpless. The blood was still coming up. in gushes from her heart, rising and falling like some springs I have seen, acted upon by hidden subterranean agency ; or, l-etter still, like the rising and falling of t he Maelstrom. Hy good fortune, the washing-stand was on my side of the bed. and by stretching my right hand around J managed, with great difficulty, to take the heavy jug nut of it. which fell out of my hand on thecar|-et ; but 1 seized the basin, and held it under her. The most violent, part of the paroxysn now caiue on : before, tho blood had been merelv bubbling over her lips, and then subsiding, like the terrible lava in the crater of Mauna Loa in the Sandwich Islands: but now. owing] [ partly to change of position, and partly ' I through mental influence on the body, it I gushed forth in a stream, shebrcathing with great difficulty. 1 had burst a blood- vessel myself only eight or nine months before: and. knew bv experience, something of it : but if 1 had not seen it with my own eyes, no one could have per suaded me ihar such a quantity could have come from such a little body. Her richly-worked dress was saturated, and both my hands were occupied. There was a large towel over the jug by chance, when it fell, and this had become well saturated. I drew it towards me with my foot, for 1 dare not lot go 'either hand : then, when there was a slight cessation of the violent flow of blood. I placed the wet towel around her. It was all 1 could do. She gave a sigh of relief— and a look, oh ! such a look. Love and thankfulness were predominant. I held her there for some time, my arm trembling with the weight, and, possibly, the mental agitation. Then, when I perceived that the worst was over. I laid her gently back, with the towel under her : removed the basin and whispered to her. 'I ara going into my room, and will be hack in one moment.' She gave mc an expressive look, with oh ! sucli a sad. sad smile. 1 was bark immediately with my own water jug. and a bnttli.- of sod iwater. I partly knelt down and spoke to her. \- You may s-pnak now.' 1 said. ' but only in a whisper, mind. Are you thirsty?' '? Oh! very, very thirsty.' she whjppered. 'I wish I had some ice. Nil the worst is over ?? Alas !' I whispered, ' (here's no ice in October. Drink this.' 1 held herupagain. and gave her the solawater in a tumbler. do for you.' said I. endeavoring to smile. 'It is very nice.' slie miid. ''so nice and refreshing. 1 am safe now : had you not comel should have died.' She drew mv hand which held the tumbler towards her. and before I knew what she w:is doing, kissed ii ! ?? It is my second ai lack.' she continued. ?? 1 burst a blood-\cr-sel more titan a year :uro. which nearly inded my life. It'was caused by some terrible news. Do not be alarmed' — for i-lie feb my arm trembling. ?? Bemove t lie towul.' she said: you need not fear now.' I did so. and laid her down, slowly and carefully. ?? Now.' F;iid 1. had I not belter ring for the landlady ?' -*-h ! no. nu no.' die muttered. D' not leave me. You are here, ami she could do ??Very widl.' I replied. ??Keuiomber I am prc-cnt here a* your physician.' I then w*m my own towel, which 1 had brought, and wipt-d her faee and neck carefully. As I wiped the d--ar little mouth, which had re cently undergone such a cruel ordeal. I longed to kiss it. but I did not : 1 only kissed her hand, ami she smiled feebly as 1 did so. G«'ttjnc some thin muslin fabric of hers which J c aw hanging near. I spread it over her and under her chin, thus hiding the marks of blood. I then sat down bv her side, on a chair which 1 drew (hither. ?? Give me your hand.' she whispered. I did so. and tints we remained, she clasping mine, and occasionally pressing ii uneon ' Do you know,' she said, stillina whisper ?'thai tiie w.irds you Fpoke yesterday at the foot of the stairs made a great impression on me? I feel now the truth of them: — ' Kitah vof-Ki-mvt rnrii ?ir'c-ont hva hai' 'It is written in the Book of Fate ! God bless you. dear. I am getting very sleepy,' ] knew she uttored the word 'dear' quite uncon sciously. Scarcely had she spoken, when she was in a calm peaceful slumber, still holding my hand. I wanted to cover her hands and arms up. for it was cold : but every time 1 attempted to withdraw my hand I felt her press it convulsively ejren in her sleep, so that we remained until daybreak, she lying as white, from loss of blood, as the purest marble and I filled with conflicting cmotiont. now of hope, now of doubt. As the first gleams of the morning sun appeared, she awoke still holding my hand, She looked cast her eyes around the room, then at the : window into which the sun was shining, i and then at me. She smiled — such a sweet ; You have been my guardian angel. Can '1 am a very rough one. then,' I answered. ' Besides, I never heard of guardian angels requiring any payments or repayments. I thought they only required ' — here I estopped. '* Required what ?' she asked. 'Do tell me.' But 1 hesitated. i; Trust me ' she said; ; tell mc what guardian angels require in payment 7' *5 Only Christian, celcstial love !' ' Thank you. From my heart I thank you 1 All true love is celestial And divine* be it Christian or Ucathdtt ' , „ X did not fcfcpoftd IW£ ; \ dmy said— ? ' May f gd na&.aftd 'pciid up the old lady?' 'Y pi nSay. You want some rest ; go and Vik'r H, aud let me see you in tbc drawing room after lunch.' ' You will not surely lie able to—' 'Never ieaT ; I will be there, if 1 have to be carried.' I bontdown involuntarily, ami , lHe&6d Her hand. She preMed- nV^e.' repoating At* mufrnoj, fa'ac nenlikh* Kai' And now, au ?rerii'ir until lunch and away I went, turn ing to kiss my hand at the door. I then went downstairs, told the lady of the house all or nearly all that bad occurred — told her that I should require no breakfast; and than went upstairs to bod. CtD frg ?en/tnw-7.) 