PRINCESS'S THEATRE. " HAMLET." "Hamlet" was revived for two evenings only at this theatre on Saturday night. Since he lost appeared in this play at the Theatre Royal Mr. Bentley'haabeen playing into provincial audiences in New Zealand and elsewhere, with the obvious result that some of the best characteristics of what was a thoughtful and scholarly portraiture have almost entirely disappeared. It is no- longer in some portions of the tragedy at least the melancholy, meditative, introspective Hamlet of which he gave us so interesting a presentation upon former occasions, but a boisterous, declamatory and demonstrative Hamlet. We are allowed to lose sight of the philosophic Prince, and we see too much of the actor, who has succumbed to the temptation of playing to the gallery, the result being that the noisiest of the applause when Mr. Bentley is most vehement comes from that part of the house, while the very exaggera- tion of that vehemence " makes the judicious grieve." As a specific case in point we might mention hamlet's exit after his first interview with the Ghost. In this the actor used to mark by an abrupt transition the striking contrast between the angry im pomposity of voice and manner with which he repulsed the efforts of Horatio and Marcellus to hold him back and the deferential and reverential tone and demeanour which he exhibited when pronouncing the words, "Goon; I'll follow thee," addressed to his father's spirit. But on Saturday evening these were delivered like an imperious command. At the same time, Mr. Bentley may have been disconcerted in this scene by the temporary "indisposition" of Mr. Corlesse, who misrepresented the Ghost. Not only did he fail to stand with the statuesque im- mobility of the spectre, but he had forgotten the words, and those he was fortunate enough to remember he recited with the sing-song of a schoolboy . making) his first attempt at elocution. . Where Mr. Bentley was most effect! ve, and most like his former self, was in the delivery of his advice and' instruction to the players. Here he was easy, natural, and unforced and infused into the words a spice of sardonic humour which gave them additional point. He omits the incident of " the recorders," which is a pity, and in the scene with his mother, where Hamlet con- trasts the pictures of his father and his uncle, Mr. Bentley discards the use of either miniatures or of portraits on the wall, and points to heaven when speaking of the first and to the ground when, referring to the second innovation which, as it appears to us, has- nothing whatever to recommend it. Hamlet's allusion to the "pictures in little" of his uncle, for which obsequious courtiers were willing to pay us much) as a hundred ducats apiece, justifies the inference that one of these was worn by the Queen, that he himself carried about with him the portrait of his father, and that these formed " the counterfeit pre- sentment of two brothers " of which he speaks. This was the view of Betterton, Garrick, Henderson, and John Philip Kemble, and the first of these great actors based his performance of Hamlet on that of Burbage, who was couched " for the part by Shakspeare himself. Neither do we think the attempt to count the famous soliloquy beginning "Tobe, or-not to-be" with the manuscript addition made by Hamlet to the play of " Gonzaga " a judicious one. When he comes to the lines " And enterprises of great pith and lilouiciiL With this regard their currents turn and'," Mr. Bentley picks up the MS. which has previously dropped from his hands and looks at it, as if the forthcoming performance were one of these " enterprises," whereas it is a mere adjunct and preliminary of that which Hamlet has been meditating ever since his interview with the Ghost, namely, the assassination of his father's murderer ; from which he is only restrained, in the third act, by the reflection that if he kills him while in the attitude and act of prayer his soul will wing its flight to heaven. It is only just to Mr. Bentley to add that he is not without precedent for the introduction of this new business, as F". W. Ziegler, who at the beginning of the present century was the best Hamlet on the Austrian stage, and published an Analysis of the Character of. Hamlet', argues that the soliloquy arises out of a reflection upon the effect which the interpolated lines may have on the King, and upon the consequences to himself that may or must follow. Mr. Bentley, we observe, has not altogether succeeded in divesting himself of certain peculiarities of pronunciation-tifus often becomes oaful, clouts . cloots, brazed brassed, valenced nuisances, and to the "o in gross and grossly he gives the same sound as it possesses no cross and grossly. Such faults are worth correct- ing, and Mr. Bentley is so good an actor, and capable as he showed on his ltrst.yisit to Melbourne-of presenting so excellent a portrait of the most complex and difficult character in the whole range of dramatic literature, that it will be doing him a service to point out wherein he has allowed the picture to deteriorate and has "overstepped the modesty of nature." In spite, perhaps because, of the defects of the performance, the applause on Stiturdaycveningwas both frequent and hearty, especially from the gallery, and Mr. Bentley was recalled at the end of each act. A similar compliment was paid to Miss Marie Fra/ser after her mad scene as Ophelia, a part of which she gives an intelligent and sympathetic reading. Mr. Suss lifts the character of the King out of its usual un- importance by the weight and impressiveness he communicates to the language, and Miss Emma lSronton plays the Queen with a seriousness which is not invariably appropriate. Miss Hegarty flutters through the part of Osric very prettily, and would be still more engaging if less restless.' Mr. Hans Phillips as one of those careful and attentive flotations upon whom it Hamlet can always depend, and Mr. G. P. Carey steers clear of the temptation to give us some nearside, a farcical turn to the character of Polonius. Since the days of the late Mr 0. Lambert we do not remember abettors First Gravedigger than thief of Mr. Frank Emery. Free from the slightest trace of buffoonery, humorous without exaggera- tion, and with a dash of democratic surliness in the sexton's part replies to the Prince, his one scene in the fifth act was a choice bit of legitimate acting, which it was quite a pleasure to witness. So much interest was shown in the recent production of the drama of " The Silver King," that in response to numerous requests, and at the solicitation of Mr. Walter Bentley, Mr. Williamson has consented to alter his arrangements for this week. To-night " Hamlet " will be repeated, and to-morrow and the following three nights "The Silver King will be revived, and Mr. Bentley will appear prior to his departure in his fine impersonation of. Wilfred Denver. Mr. George Leitch has been specially engaged to play Ja'ikes, the remainder of the cast being unchanged. 