SCIENTIFIC MISCELLANY. (SPECIALLY COMP'LED FOB THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT.) WORK OF THE SPECTROSCOPE.-LA H[?] recent address as President of the British, Association for the advancement of Science Dr. Wm. Huggies stated that it is no v some thirty years, since the apectroseop *. "ave us; for the first time'cer'ain know ledge of the nature of the h“avrnly bodies, mid revealed tlu* fundamental fact that terrestrial,,matter is no’ peculiar to tho So-ar sys'eiUj, but is common .to all tin stars visible to us. This instrument has in this time analyzed th" stars, though it has' thus far failed io interpret tho rem irkabln spectrum of the Aurora Borealis, and to teach much of the physical and chemical nature of the'sun’s corona. It has.shown reasons for, arranging, the stars in a series in which the-different temperatures-seem to bo indicated and to denote different stages of evolution, pur sun occupying a place npar tho middle of the series. I trims given us a me ins of determining ihafcsome stars ate approaching and somo recoding in the lino of sight, and of measuring the rate, though* the Rarest star is so remoe that its approach at (ho iate of tOO mil s, per second would not increase its light one-fortieth in a century. THe motions of about fifty stairs have been thus determin ed, with, an accuracy of about an English mile per <seoond. Indeed; a number of measures of the star Arcturus have ben, made by Keeler wi h a variation of njot more than six-tenths of a mile per second, these being;determinations of the motion of a remote sun by means of light-waves which have been nearly 200 years upon their journey. Nebutro hive blouse a to move at about the same rate as the stars —from two to twenty-seven miles per second, and in one case nearly forty iuil-<». Photography, which bus rendered wonder ful help to the astronomer in other ways, has aided ih these researches. Disappearance op smos.-Attention has been called to the serious diminution of birds in France through destruction of rhe nests. Some insectivorous species are be coming very rare, white plant parasites are increasing. Cats nnd boys are the chief destroyers, and it is suggested that the the boys be punished by law, that the keeping of oats be made illegal, and that that prizes be offered for kilting animals that prey on eggs. Temperature Extremes. —ln Wercho jansk, Edst Siberia, th>i coldest place known on earth, tho temperature ranges in January from 240 to 800 below Zero, and in July from 400 to 860 above, the mean for December, January and Febru ary being 550 below Zero. The climate conditions, says Dr. YT. J. Van Bebber, are very high atmospheric pressure in winter, with calm air and a clear sky— conditions which favor radiation. A search for the hottest region shows that the belt of highest temperature passes through Southeastern Asia, tho interior of North Africa, Arizona, and the centre of Australia. The characteristic climitic feature of this tropic belt is a high and equable temperature with dense humidity of the atmosphere. The highest annual mean temperature known is on the south ern coast of the Red Sea. The range of the mean temperature at Massowoh is from 780 to 790 in January and February to 950 to 960 in July and August, with an annual mean of BGo, and a daily var iation of 100 to 120 These figures and • not appear exessive, the highest rauan temp erofcure is occasionally exceeded in o' her regions, bufcthe continuous, nearly uni form, high temperature renders it almost unendurable for Europeans. Cheaper Quinine. —The new artificial quinine,- produced by Messrs. Griimux and Arnaud of Paris, is mentioned as on" of the great discoveries of the year. Io is obtained by treating the base cuproin of a Brazilian shrub with sodium, then treat ing the resulting compound with chloride of methyl. The product is quinine absolute ly identical with tho substance that has be come so familiar and so indispensable. A “Locomotive Steamboat” is being built -in Sweden for the navigation of a ch%ia of small lakei separated by falls. The hunt is to be fitted with wheels fi t>ng a track, and power enn be applied either to the propeller or to tljo locomotive driv ing-wheels. Some British Superstitions. If a Lord Warden dies at tho castlo a boitsr wain’s whistle is heard at midnight by i f s inhabitants. r ' - o one asserts that this was recently heard, but more aathoratm; are the following, superstitions : If a Devon shire Oxenham it about to die, a white breasted bird flottteis over the domn-d one’s head.; , .The Middletons of Yorkslrre, as becomes an ancient Roman CL thole house, have a Benedictine nun to wtrm them of rfn kpproaching death. A ing, mourning spirit warns the Stanley’s of a reduction in their number. A hai-y armed girl, called May Mullnch, brings the like sad news to the Grnnte of Giant. The Bodachamdon, or ghost of the hills, preforms the same office for tlm Gni.-rs of Rothiomurcas. Th" death of an E irl of Airlie is told by the boating of an invisible drum • So respectable a man as Dr. -or man M’Lebd, editor'of Good Word* lent the weight of-his testimony to Kln 1849 Lord Airlp died in London, and the house hold of Obrtnehy Castle, his sent in' For farshire, was thus .prepared for thn news, and when, hia son died in Colorado th« ghostly drummer boy was heard just b»- fore his death. Lady Airlie heard it in her room, and was greatly prodratod, but One of tho servants first hoard it in a corridor. The approaching death of a ‘Bjruce •• js;'announced, by the spectre of a woman in while, who appears to tlio doomed scion of that ancient and once Royal house. Electro Magnetic Discoveries.—in the progress pf electro-magnetic science,, according to Prof. A E Kennelly, facts seem to have been fully established 1\. The great achievement since Faraday’* time has been 'the determination tljat ull fejpbtrjcity flows, or tends to,in closed eye- Ves or circuits, so that we have the electro static . circuit, " the galvanic circuit, and the magnetic circuit, each resembling, as it were, an endless chain or a bundle of endless chains ;«nd the laws which con trol these three different types of clrcui show wonderful analogies, 2. 'Hie due ap preoiafion of tbe the influence of tb/ either-aud its importance in all electro- 1 mngnetic phenomer-a, While orignally the electrical activity scorned to bo con fined to 'he battery or conducting wires of a gaiyanip circuit, ifc.fs ijow believed that W‘- Uht*rl4urroflnding these conductors (t^notlv'Q 1 a part in I ho process of second action boos, free. space no longer void, but filled with an acrivo and reaponaivO subßtano -—tbe ether.' It looks almost if Were inert ip coih parison ,Z. jtbe Evidence in favor of the, proposition, that light is a yibrjjtpiy disturbance in the ether of an spu'fr mqkt to anjopht £o ; demonstration. Wljon £nig ghqll- be generally the Tyhole; domain of optifis rpdipnt energy will be enrolled as one" department and pro ■ perty jbf ,elect/p f magpdtib ; physics. EhEcrr,B|Q,BAW consider- Abio snwsis'fco bhored; IN tp the np^propcßs' of ,electric welding Jt was fprmbrly noQbssary to out down to a smaller size any saw from which-a tooth had been broken'but it is only necessary to n’nd,eecjure It inplaco, by oleofcrio wdlaing, A’drop of oil restores, the tomper;' The joint in oontlnoas band is al to made by this process; ; 11 In 6LDEjs^clßd, rA,EALL o! temperature from 370 above’iZoro- : to 220 below is ro- ; ported to have ocohried in ,20 minptos on .bbavy roj'n *. preceded the* Kir’ghises; who wore returning to vOldehburg,. wore; drenched with the raid;then frozen onjfcheir horses. 