SIR MTHONTS SECRET OR, A FALSE POSITION. By ADELINE SERGEAKT, Author of 'The Great Mill-street Mystery,' l^eobi's Wife,' 'Under False Pretences,' ?No Saint,' ' A ESe Sentence,' ' Deveril'a Diamond,' &c;, &c.; (Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter LL— The AvF.vr.m-: s^a When Philip and Elfrida arrived at Kester ton Park about seven o'clook in Jthe evening they were greeted with an unexpected piece of news. Neither Lady. Kesterton nor little Gerald was in the house. „ '^*ve. *hev £one on a visit somewhere, then?-' said Philip of the housekeeper, .whose mysterious face seemed to show that something was amiss. . .^Fso' su'» neF ladyship has gone to a hou39 m Kesterton village, so as to be near the sea.' To|be near the sea— at this time of. the year? ' said Elfrida, almost incredulously. The housekeeper coughed discreetly behind her mittened hand. 'Step in here, Mrs. Bates,' said Philip, turning aside from the hall and the listening servants to a small room which he had bean in the habit of using as a little study, and tell us what it all means f '. 'I'm sure I couldn't say, Mr. Phifip,' said the housekeeper in a confidential tone. 'It was only in moments of confidence that Mrs. Bates forgot herself so far as to call him 'Mr. Philip,' but the appellation had a homely, friendly sound in Philip's ears. ' It seems,' - she went on in a lowered tone, ' that she has lately taken a great dislike to the Park, and has been wanting to get away from it evec since little Sir Gerald was ill in the autumn. She said she thought it was unhealthy with all the trees round it and that the drainage was not right, for Sir Gerald kept on getting colds and sore throats, and she said thab it was be cause the place wasn't bracing enough. And about a week ago she got into a dreadful taking because the little fellow— Sir Gerald, I mean, begging your pardon, sir — seemed poorly, and she said she would go down to the sea for a few days and see what that would d» for him.' ' But where has she gone ?' ' You know the little white villa with greaa shutters called Sea View Lodee. don't vou. sir? It stands away from the village a little, close to the beach almost. If s been let fur nished once or twice in the summer to _ visitors.' 'Do you mean to say that she has gone there?5 'Yes, sir, she has; and taken Sir Gerald and the maid— and that is alL' 'I have never been inside the house,' said Elfrida; 'what is it like?' 'Cold, draughty, badly built,' said Philip shortly. ' Not a suitable place to take a child to in winter time.' 'And some folks say — not very safe, sir,™ said Mrs. Bates in a significant tone. Philip stood silent for a moment, and Elfrida read in his face thab he was struck by the suggestion. She thought of the situation of the house. It has already been mentioned thab a portion of the land on which the village of Kesterton was built had been reclaimed from the sea by a former lord of the manor. The village stood in a gorge between two hill sides, and in old days it was well known that the sea used to creep up to the very end of this cliff in the hillside. An elaborate construction of dykes and earthworks now set a limit to the waves ; and these being now partially overgrown with grass and planted with trees the reason of their existence was partially forgotten. Of I&te; they had fallen somewhat into disrepair, as Philip knew well ; for he had many times tried to impress upon Sir Anthony's mind tha necessity of keeping the breakwaters in good! condition. _ But Sir Anthony had been hard tor stir to action ; and since his death, almost a year ago, nothing at all had been done by way of preservation. The older inhabitants of the village were in the habit of shaking: their heads doubtfully when the safety of these construc tions was mentioned; and many of them had removed as far as possible from the seaboard and planted their dwellings on the hillsides, ' where they felt themselves safe from ther treacherous inroads of salt water. Bubthelibtle white villa, of which the housekeeper spoke, stood 'close to the 'sea-banks,' as the earth works were generally, though somewhat vaguely, called. Even in summer visitors would sometimes shrink from inhabiting it if the weather were bad. They said the waves that struck the banks seemed to make the house tremble to its foundations. For years ib had.beenprognosticatedeveryautumnthab some coming tempest would level it with the ground, but nevertheless it still stood and was regularly let during the season to summer visitors. Its great advantage was its exceedingly healthy situation, and it was for this reason, as Philip conjectured, that Lady Kesterton had chosen to go thither, trusting to the previous mildness of the season to keep things safe. Besides, id was possible that she had never considered the dangers of the situation — long immunity from accident had bred a feeling of security in the minds of the Kesterton people. But Philip did not hike to feel thab Lady Kesterton was alcne at this place without proper warning, so after seeing that Elfrida was warmly housed and fed — f or she was nob very strong and he was anxious about hei: — he set off at once for Sea View Lodge, wibh the object of seeing Lady Kesterton himself. It was not until he gob down into the gorge that he began to estimate the strength and fury of the wind that was sweeping up from the sea and howling through it as if it were a funnel. The night was very dark and the great waves were dashing over the. breakwater as if they spurned the petty obstacle. Philip met soarcely anyone on his walk. The one street of the village had been swept clear as it were ; every human being, every animal had sought Bhelter. Once he came across a fallen tree, once a tile and pact of a chimney crashed in the road behind him ; the elements seemed to be let loose and death and destruction were threatened to all who op posed their course. Every moment the wind roarer louder, and every moment the waves seemed to leap higher andjmore wildly. Philip could see their white heads like ghosts in tha tempest gloom. He paused for an instant at the village init and exchanged a word or two wibh the laud lord, whose opinion as to the safety of Sea View Lodge in a storm correspond with his own. ' It be a wild wisht kind of a place,' he said, ' no moor fit for a tempest than a house o' cardboard. My lady's London born— she doan't know ; and in thick big house o' hern on the hill she'd no thought o' what the storms are like down heie. You get her away Muster Philip and bring her and the little measter up here ; we are safe enough and the walb are main an' thick.' Philip walked quickly to the house, deter mining to persuade Lady Kesterton— if per suasion were allowed— to take this course. The well-built, substantial old inn had weathered a hundred storms ; it stood with its back to a rocky side of the gorge and was as much sheltered as it could be. But the little white villa builb for summer-time looked marvellously frail to him as he drew near. Hs could almost imagine that he saw ib shaking ab every blast that blew. He had to knock twice and loudly before the door was opened. A verv white, scared looking maid-servant, in whom Philip recog nised a former nurse of the children, opened the door. 'Oh, Mr. Winyates, sir ! Oh, I am so glad you have come !' she gasped. 'Why so, Mary?' Philip asked good humoredly, as he helped her to shut the trout door— a task which the fury of the storm rendered a somewhat difficult one. ' Ib is my belief, sir, that the house will b» down about our ears before the nighb is out,' said the girl excitedly; and I can b get my lady to listen to a word— she says it's all nonsense.' * 'I wanb to see Lady Kesterton,' said Philip. 'And, Mary, you may as well ba putting some of her things together. I have come to take you all up to the Ksatorton. Arms.' 'Thank goodness for that,' snid Mary to herself, as she showed Philip iato tha UitUk drAwiup.tooin where Lady Kesterton sat alone. ; Plifli^eaSgnt the' 'words and could nob help | sFJ.d5g at the tone of heartfeteTelief in wbiob i 'jtsey -were uttered, -bfflb his smile vanished «.ht-u be caught eight of LadyKesterton. _ She ?was sitting in a strange, eroaohing attitude close to the fire. There 'was a look of stony horror, a whiteness of the lips, Whi-* Philip was* shocked to see. *Was she alarmed by the rtormi He eould hear the great waves I thundering on the breakwater dose by ! and die -wind surging up the valley, and he j sekJJOwledged that the sound was alarming. ] But I.ady Kesterton was not, so_ far as he j knew, a cowardly woman : and, besides, if she i were frightened why did she not remove her- i telf ^nd her chud either to the inn or to Kesterton Park? ,.,'?. ' Good evening, Lacy Kesterton, he began gravely. 'I hope the storm has not alaraied ^ She raised herself a little and looked at him with a strange, blank gaze, as if she did not see him at first. Presently the look of sight came back into her eyes, aeoompanied with surprise and enquiry. 'Philip '.'she said. 'Why are you here? 'I beard that yon were at this house and j estme tlown to warn you that it was not i 'What! all the way from London — for that?' 'No, there was another reason tor my coming from London, but I will tell you of that tomorrow— or a little later to night. At pre sent 1 want to urge you to come with Gerald and your maid to the inn just for the night. I svssure yon this house is not safe. It is in a very exposed situation, and I have long baen exoecting to hear that an accident bad hap pened to it. You must come away at once. 'Come away? But that is impossible, 'Why impossible? It is but a short walk to the inn, where you will be at least oompira- j tively safe :- and to-morrow morning you can j remove to the Park ? a j 'Oh, no, no— never to the Paik. I will cever enter the house again.' j ' As to that, we can talk the matter over to moirow, but at present, Lady K-esterton, it is ! for to-night that I am anxious. Yon must leave this house at once. Listen to the wind — it gets stronger evesy -minute. I have already told Mary to get your things ready. I will carry Gerald myself.' 'It is for Gerald's sake I have come here. I don't see any season for going away.' ' Not even when -you hear the wind and the ?eaf He might well say that, for at that moment a crash from the roof announced that one of the chimneypots had gone ; and a great splash against. the window showed that the great waves-were flinging showers of spray far over the breakwatersand the banks. Lady Kester ton started to her feet ; a more natural look of fright and agitation came into her face. j 'Is there really danger to the house V ' 'I fear eo. You will come to the inn, I hope, atonoe.' I 'Yes, yes, I will come. Sing the bell for Mary. Pnilip,' said Lady Eeaterton in a much fainter -tone. ' 'But not— not to Kesterton Park, temember. ' I will not go there.' ? j -' What is yourobjectionio Kssterton Park V ; said Philip as they waited for Mary to answer , the snmmous. i She stammered -a little over her reply. j ' The drainage is wrong— I am sure it is ; we had wre throats there, and I could not let Gerald stay. I— I -would got at a moment's notice from any place where the drains were ; wrong. '' ' ' J. do not believe that there is Anything wrong with them,' said Philip steadily. 'And allow me to tell you, .Lady Kesterton, that your absence from .your -home and from your late husband's home— lie said the words with marked significance — 'will give rise to more of the unpleasant comments that have already been made.' ''Unpleasant comments!' repeated Lady ; Kesterton, facing him with an unmoved front. : ' What do you mean f 'I will tell you to-morrow. Here comes Mary. Will you give your orders?' *? You are incomprehensible,' said Lady Kesterton scornfully, as she turned away. But Philip noticed the way in which her hand clutched the back of a chair as if to keep her from staggering as she walked ; and he divined that she was much more agitated than she chose to show. She went ont of the room with Mary ; and Philip remained alone, growing more- and more nneasvas he listened to the boom of the water and the savage howl of the wind, and felt,- the bouse quiver from time to time likes stricken thing. It seemed an age to him before -Lady Kesterton and her'anaid reappeared: clad in warm cloaks. .and bonnets. Lady J&esterton; beld43sraklin her arms and Mary had a little black bag in her hand. d ] ?'Let me carry. him, Lady Kesterton,' said Philip. ' And for heaven's sake, make haste. It is my belief that the roof of this house will : fee ©fi in another ten minutes.' 'I will carry him,' said she obstinately. *? You iaVe no idea how strong the -wind is. : Youhad better take my arm and let me carry \ the bay. It will be safer.19 I ?'^Pou 'shall mot take him sway from me!' j she cried with sudden fieroenees. 'I believe ! yon want to take him into danger. We should heeaferhere— you maygo with Mary; I will ; stay here after alL' ! 'Yon cannot be so fooliBh,' said Philip sternly. ^Xflsten to the -wind— there -goes - another «hinmeypot ! We shall foe in danger { for a feVminntes outside, I grant you, bat not for long. 'A-nfl to -stay in this cimcraok bouse means, I believe, certain death/3 ?At these words Mary burst out crying, and Gerald^— only half comprehending what -went on, tout frightened by the unwonted 'sounds about him— began to cry also and dung tightly to his mother's neck. Lady Kesterton jnovtSd, 'However, in a dazed -uncertain manner towards the door. * Bat she would not let him -touch- the child. 'No, no!' she cried. *'I ' wiH^avehhn myself— as I saved him from the horrible house up there— where Anthony used to oome evety night and dutch the boy's throat. He nevercame here— never here !' The -words lingered in Philip's memory, in ctuemga-new and -awful fear. Was it pos eiblethat therewas something wrong with/this poor woman's brain? What did she mean by that'gfaastiy reference to her dead! husband? Or— low down in his heart the thought insisted on -repeating itself —HMuld it be that she 'had had anything to do with her husband's death 1 He .never forgot the fears and dangers of that dark walk from the -villa to the inn. The distance was short; but the road was rough and uneven, and the wind was furious. It 'blew them forward, however, and acted as a friend to them in their need. They walked in the middle of the mad for safety's sake, but even here they were not exempt from danger, j for tiles were flying from some of the roofs, , and the trees that grew here and there were ' breaking or being positively torn np by the ) roots. 'Philip helped Lady Kesterton as well j as he could, but she would not give up her ! burden to him, and their progress was neces-. I Earily very slow. j They did not see a single human being upon ! the road. The village seemed deserted. Philip j fancied once or twice that he heard men's j voices shouting, but the shouts and cries were so mingled with the roar of the tempest that he could not tell one from another. It occurred to him that as soon as he had seen Lady Kes terton and her child in safety he would go out again and warn some of the dwellers in the lower cottages to go to their friends upon the hill, for he was not without great anxiety for \- the frail bulwarks that alone kept out the en croaching angry sea. But the inn must first be -reached, and when the little party felt their way from the main road to the little side lane between two stone walls whieh led to the Kes tereon Anns, firmly planted on a rocky plateau with its back to the everlasting hills, Philip \ drew a long sigh of relief and glanced back to the foaming, billowing sea that they had left behind. Left ? not a, minute too soon I For even as he looked a great.-ruahing mass j of water struck the dyke and poured itself against die very walls of the little summer nlla. The bouse, which had hitherto been visible as a white patch in the darkness, seemed to collapse like a child's toy. Phillip csught his breath and uttered a quick sharp exclamation, unheard in the clamor of -the storm. The house was gone. And what -was the roar, the rush that followed? Ah, was it not what he had feared ? The weak defences had gone down' before that onslaught of tie waters ; and up the valley rushed the great, wall of water, carrying devastation in its path. Would even the inn escape? It stood high certainly ? bat there was no knowing how far that terrible wave would reach. Philip rushed forward — the women clinging in frantic terror, to bis arm. They were on the doorstep by this time clamoring to be let in. One moment and they would be safe ! But in one-moment it is possible to be over taken by_ destruction. It was not the water thataesailed them, but the powers of the air. A great fir tree which had stood for fifty years in the inn 'garden had been swaying 1 dangerously for some tame ; and fell at that ! very moment across the very steps on which j the party of fugitives had gathered. The ' xoaid remained almost untouched— Philip was j smitten to the earth, but not much injured. ?When help came and all four were extricated froniitheir perilous position it -was found that tbe chief sufferers were those whom Philip had xiaked'bJB life to save. Lady Kesterton was-alive, but her back was broken, and the boy Gerald lay dead in his mother's terms. Chapter LU.— iGojtPEssATiox. The dawn broke over a scene of terrible desolation in the Kesterton valley. The sea Bad reclaimed its own. The cottages in the lower part of the 'village had been wrecked or swept away, and there had been some loss of life and much loss of property. .For the most part the people had been warned in time, and Sad ^gene to their friends on the hills, but there were «o«aeTSad cases of old and feeble 2?eiw-!» ?who bad been ewept away by the t ctrt-rent or crushed by fallen fragments of. timber and masonry.. Cn&sidering; the extent of the disaster, howe'v*T, '-the Toss of ? life was ; email. i The inn TasA remained untouched, either from the «fieets of wind or water. The great fir tree still lay across the -doorstep, and in the eonrse'«f 'the morning as many -of the village people who could reach the inn -came to gaze upon its broken branches and to whisper to each other the details of the calamity than had taken place. Everyone acknowledged that there had been no -apparent means of avoiding it. If Lady Kesterton and Sir Gerald had stayed at the villa they must have been swept into the sea; and in that case Mr. Winyates and the maid-servant would »1bo have been drowned. Philip had acted' for the best; but it had been a choice of evils, and no human hand could have averted the destruction that had been wrought. | Elfrida came to the inn by -a circular route ; early in the morning. The wind was abating, 1 but a seething sea now rolled where once had ; stood quiet homesteads and gardens and a ] country road. The labor of years had been i swept away in a single night. Philip met his wife at the door, drew her inside a little private parlor, and told her all j the story that she did not already know. Ill j news travel fast, and she had heard an account j of the disaster before she came. Indeed, for j some time she had believed that even Philip ; was killed ; and tbe shock had so far unnerved her that her husband tried to dissuade her from going into Lady Kesterton's room. Bat on hearing that Lady Kesterton was conscious and had asked for her she insisted upon going. Poor little Gerald's dead body had been laid in an upper room ; but Lady Kester- j ton had been carried into a sitting-room, where i she now lay perfectly flat on a mattress spread i upon a dining-table. Her face was ashen grey, j but there was no trace of pain upon it, and the : coverlet was drawn closely Tip to her throat. j 'She may say or do what she likes,' the : doctor murmured to Philip -as they passed : each other at the door. 'She is -beyond : hope.' i Elfrida shrank a little at the . sight of the : grey white face ; but then a feeling of com- { pastion and womanly-sympathy came to her aid and conquered the momentary repulsion. She ; went forwardandieanedoverthedying woman, i speaking some genie and comforting words. But Lady Kesterton hushed her at once. j 'Don't talk to me,' she said, 'I have some- I thing— myself— 4o say. I am dying, you know — the doctor has told me so, and I am— not sorry.' What could they say? From no point of view could they contradict her. There was a moment's painful pause, and then she went on in broken unnatural tones. 'ItisGod's judgment — I acknowledge that,' she. said. ' I tried to fight against Him — and I failed.' ' We all-fail when we try to fight against Him,9 said Philip. - It was a truism, he knew, but there was nothing else to be said. 'If we acknowledge our sins He is ready and willing to forgive us.' ' It is impossible for Him to forgive me ; I don't know that I desire it,' said Lady Kester ton, in her old stony way. 'But I am willing to accept this— all this— a retribution forjny sin. I -did it all — everything— for Gerald. And now he is dead and ' I lie here dying — almost as Henry died, is it not ? They tell me that my spine is injured, and that even if I lived I should be in constant agony. . . Zsthereno retribution heref' 'But dear Lady Kesterton,' said Elfrida gently, ' you have already made all restitution that was possible. .Don't you remember how Gerald was given back to you, and how you told as that you had heard Sir Anthony's talk with Henry? In Henry's name I gave you his forgiveness ; you know as well as 1 do how freely he forgave you before he died. So don't think of this terrible calamity as retribution.' Lady Kesterton looked coldly into her face. 'Yon do not know,a she said, 'or you would not speak in that way. If I had told you all the truth — it I could have made up my mind to sacrifice myself — then Gerald woaid be living stilL I have killed him — that is what I mean by retribution. It does not so much ; matter what has happened to me.' i -Elfrida stood silent,- not daring to guess the real significance of her -words, not daring even to glance at Philip, who had oome to her side and taken her hand in his. He knew by this time what Lady Kesterton meant. j 'I did not tell.you everything,' said the dying woman, looking straight into . Elfrida's face. ' If I had tola yon perhaps God would have allowed me to save Gerald. You know I told— for his sake. Sat I kept silence about one thing — one thing only. Sir Anthony ? died —by my hand. It was I who gave him the overdose of chloral' j There -was a strange, breathless Bilence in the ,i room. Nobody seemed able to speak. Lady ! Kesterton continued, seemingly nnheedful of ; the silence, | 'I could not bear the prospect. He ; threatened to turn me and my children out of : doors and to put you and your brother over our heads. There seemed only one way of j preventing it— his death would make every- | thing easy for us. He died . . you know j what happened next.' | 'Then— were there any papers that we ought to have had?' said Philip quickly. ' Yes ; they were in his desk. I destroyed them alL It does not matter now, because \ ElMda's position has been proved without j them. But they were all there— marriage certificate, baptismal certificates, everything : that could .possibly have been wanted. I . burned every scrap/' i Again there was a pause, and then Lady ' Kesterton went on in a dreamy, reflective way as if she had forgotten that anybody was be&ide; her in the room. =. i 'That was why I could not bear the park any longer. The place where Sir Anthony had died was unbearable to me. I used to see him at nights. It seemed to me that he stood beside Gerald's bed -and laid his cold, dead hand on Gerald's throat. Whenever I had seen him do that Gerald woke up next morn ing with a bad throat. And I knew that Anthony would kill him before long in order to punish me. That was why I let Janey go away with you. I thought that one of them might be spared.' 'And Janey is spared,' said Elfrida softly. 'Yes, bat not Gerald. Gerald is gone, although I took him away from the park. He was safe at any rate from Anthony while we were at Sea view Lodge. Anthony never troubled us there. But, you see, the waters rose np against us, and the wind tore the roof from our heads ; and when we escaped from sea and wind we were crashed to the earth and Gerald was lost to me after alL God has His own way of avenging Himself. It is no use ' fighting against God?' ' ?'Would. you like to see a clergyman?' j Philip asked, after another silence. A gleam of something like humor came into ; Lady Kesterton's blue eyes. 'Whyshould I j want a clergyman?' she said. 'What good { could he do me? It is perhaps better that I . should die than that I should live. If I had - been likely to live I could not have made that confession. It was some rumor about Sir Anthony's death that had got abroad, was it not, Philip? I thought so. Well, if it is necessary you wfll be able to use my confes sion — I mean if anybody else were by chance accused. I'll give yon a piece of evidence. I took away the bottle in which the chloral had been -and hid it in a secret drawer of my secre taire. Yon will find it there, in my room. I -will sign a paper if you like. I can use my fingers a little still 'Oh, that is not necessary,' cried Elfrida i impulsively. But Philip made a slower and | graver answer — i ' I trust that such a paper may never be i wanted. It should never be produced without ? dire necessity. But perhaps it had better be ! written and kept for a few years. - ' Lady Kesterton's eyes rested on him with a - look of cold approval. . '- i 'You could always be business-like when t you chose, Philip,' she said. 'Yea ; get a i piece of paper ana write what I dictate, then get somebody in to witness xay signature.' : And when Philip had found writing materials ! she dictated in hard, sharp tones the words j that she wished to leave behind her. 'I con fess that I killed my husband, Anthony Kes- i ' terton, by an overdose of chloral, administered on the morning of the 13th of December, 188—.' Such were the terms of Lady Kester- i ton's confession. The doctor was called into the room to -wit- ness the signature. The contents of the paper, which he took for a will, were of course not made known to him ; 'but he saw the sign ing of the name, and was a little surprised in after days to hear that Lady Kesterton bad died intestate. The pauer was never used. When the doctor had gone Elfrida and Philip remained with her to the end. Those last moments were very dark. One thing only seemed to bring comfoit to her troubled mind —the assurance of Elfrida's forgiveness. 'Henry forgave me,' she murmured with her dying breath, 'and you forgive— perhaps God will forgive me too.' Then the end came. With -Lady Kesterton's death the atmos phere of deceit and intrigue which had hung about Kesterton Park for so many weary years was cleared away. 'We have no secret of our own to keep, thank God V Philip once said to his wife, 'and for the secrets of others the best cloak is absolute silence and forgetf ulness. We will not remember these old sad histories any more.' And she had concurred, although her eyes would fill with tears sometimes as she thought of Henry's frustrated life and the early close of his shadowed day. Especially she thinks of him whenever she goes to Kesterton village church; for hi front of the pew in which she sits there hangs on the hall a marble tablet in which the name and parentage of 'Sir Henry Kesterton' are recorded for all the world to see. Henry has had justice done him after death, if cot in -the brief period of his life. For Elfrida in always at Keeterton now. It was to Philip's -credit that he had never troubled hiajpelf about his ehanoe of succession to the baronetcy ; ' 'it was ill waiting for 'deacl men's shoes,' as others beside him have con oladeii ; and to Elfrida, who hadnever studied : the family' tree, it was something *-r a shock -to find that on the death of Henry i and of -Gerald the -title went to her ' husband, as well as the family estate and the money which Xady Kesterton had left to i her eldest: grandson. She could well afford to endow little Janey with the money which Sir' ] Anthony's eldest daughter was to have in- - herited, and 3aney's. sweetness of- nature and entire devotion to her sister was one of the many forms of recompense which came to Elfrida in later days for the losses and troubles of her earlier life. She had boys and girls of her own to whom Janey was as helpful and loving, in turn, as Elfrida had been to her ; and Janey was happy in the possession of a sweet, unquestioning, unsuspicious nature, which rested in a contented acceptance of all that came to her lot. She never knew the tragedy of her mother's life or the secret that her father had kept to himself for so many years, and her recollections of Henry were in volved in the golden haze which veils the days of childhood from our memories, and she re. membered him only as the saint of the house hold,, the boy with the beautiful face, whose cheerfulness, unselfishness, and /patience were joined to rare courage and a noble fortitude. The name of 'Uncle Henry' was sacred in the Keeterton family, and it was considered an honor to Philip's son .and Jheir that he was allowed to bear itas his own. Long before these happy, days, however, and Boon after the settlement of Philip and Elfrida at Kesterton Park, Lady Betty Stormont arrived on a visit. She brought with her a face of sunshine and of tears. There was so much to relate, so much to explain, that, as she herself complained, she could never ? remain in the same mood for twenty minutes together. But by the end of the third day of her visit Elfrida ditcovered that Betty was much more quiet and thoughtful than she used to be : that there ? was sometimes a shade of absorption and even of Badness on- hex fair little face ; and that she epent a great deal of time in looking out of the window. 'Lady Beltane is 'still abroad, is she not? Where are. you going to spend the next few months, Betty?' 'I don't know' — rather dolefully. ' Where is Lord Beanliea ?' 'Goneabroad too.' - 'How is that, dear?' 'I suppose I sent him. I could not feel sure that I trusted him. It seemed to me that he ought— he ought — -' She stopped short and -blushed vividly. '.Ought to have married me ?' said Elfrida with a smile. And as Betty's guilty look showed that she had guessed aright Elfrida went on earnestly — 'But, my dear. I refused him. And I have never been so glad of any thing in my life as of that refusal. Why, I am far happier with Philip, hi my own dear old home, - than I should have been with Lord Beaulien— little as you may think it.' 'Eeally, Elfie?' 'fieally, dear. And don't you think it would be well if -you stayed the next few' months with me. Beaulieu will be home again by and -bye,- and it would be pleasant to meet, an old friend?' Betty demurred a little at -first, font when she ' was quite convinced that Elfrida's happiness would -not be in -the least disturbed byBeau lieu's return she consented. And— perhaps owing to a letter from Elfrida herself .to the young man — he very soon presented himself at . Bewley Court first and then at Kesterton Park, where he and Betty found a great deal to say to each other in the shade of the green beech trees. After which it became very speedily a mere question of time and of the furing of the -wedding day. It was when Betty's wedding was over, on a fine autumnal day, that Elfrida and her 'hug- band strolled together through the leafy ways of KeBterton Park, coming out at last upon the cliff from -which they could see the rained village in the gorge, now half filled with -water -from the bay. It had been decided not to un dertake the .work of rebuilding the -seawall and the dykes just yet. New cottages were being erected on the higher part of the hill, and hoth Philip and -Elfrida thought it better tospendtheirmoney forthegoodof feeir tenants than in trying to make a eemi'fashionable watering- place out of a little Kesterton village. As they stood -and looked at- the glittering water Elfrida said suddenly*— 'The place is almost prettier than it was before.' 'So I think,' Philip answered. 'And I came across a curious old rhyme today, Elfie, which I have heard before, but forgotten. Ift is roughly scratched on a wall upstairs in the house, and is also to be found in an old manu ecript. It has rather ft curious significance.' And he repeated thewords— *' Bfef ore toe Northman is master Of land which is water and waste, Hester's lord shall see disaster. JJor shall there beendot sorrow and pain mi the land which was water be water again.' ; 'The land which was water has certainly now become water again,' he added,- looking down at the glistening waves. 'And you— the Northman— «re master,' Elfrida added quickly. 'And Beater's lord has seen disaster— it is true. There is some thing strange about these old prophecies some times.' ' It was quoted to me by your greatgrand mother, Elfie, and 1 sometimes think that she must have had a gift of second sight. -I will tell' you tliB story of her prophecy another time. At present there is one question I- want to ask.' 'ABkit,PhiL' 'Is there 'an end -of sorrow and pain' for you, dear, as well as -for me ? Are you quite happy? Happy, satisfied, content f -^ Sne slipped her fingers into Ms handTand turned her sweet face to look into his eyes. -' Perfectly happy, Philip. Happy and satis fied; as long as you love me, my dearest, I Shall be perfectly at rest.' Phuip-drew her dose to. him and kissed her ontheups, but. he asked no more questions, for he.saw the love-lightin her eyes andhe also was content. The End. 