THE GHOST OF CHATEAU SAINT- GERY. An American newspaper gives the translation of an unfinished story of M. Guy de Maupaseant's under this title, written presumably just before hw mental affliction. The story is told by an old marquis at midnight to two friends :— It was in 1827, in the month of July, and my regiment was stationed at Rouen. One day, while out for a walk on the quay, I met a man whose face was familiar to me, and yet I could not exactly place him. Instinctively I came to a halt, and, as I did so, he stepped forward and took me by the band. It was Saint- Gery, a school friend whom I had not seen for 10 years. As a boy be had been extremely plain-looking ; as a man he was repulsive, with the squatty figure of a cut-down Hercules, a neck of extraordinary thickness, and a face reddened with 6ctofulous taint. " Thank Heaven for this meeting," said he abruptly, " for I have a favor to ask you. It is to ride out to my old home, and get some papers for me. I'll toll you where to find them—in my room, in my writing (iesk. For certain reasons I don't want to send an ordinary messenger, but I may trust you." My first impulse was to excuse myself, but, on second thought, my love of the mysterious, my fondness for adventure, led me to accept. " It is hardly necessary for me to tell you," he added, "that you must not examine these papers even superficially." These words offended me, and I made a a motion to turn away, but Saint-Gery laid his enormous palm on my shoulder and muttered out: "Pardon me; I didn't know what I was saying—my mind was wandering —I trust you implicitly." [The narrator finally accepts tbe commission, and rides to the Chateau Saint-Gery by moonlight through the woods. Having delivered the letter he carried to Rogers, the confidential servant of Saint- Gery, the latter gave a sudden start.] The man seemed to be laboring under some dreadful anxiety, bu T too'i but little note of his manner. As 1 advanced to set the key in the door he plucked up courage to make an attempt to slay my progress; but this impertinent opposition on bis part now riled me to such an extent that, taking the lamp out of the man's bands, I pushed him violently aside. He staggered back, utterly limp and helpless, his face, as I imagined, blanched with anger. I discovered that I had entered the house by the kitchen, which I now traversed ; then two small living apartments in the nature of a servant's hall. This brought mo into the main hall-way, and as rapidly as I could, for the lamp was of brorz<i and extremely heavy, I made my way up the grand staircase of the chateau and had no difficulty in recognising the door which Saint G»ry had described to me. I unlocked it as calmly as if it were the door of my quarters at Rouen, pushed it open, walked in, and set the lamp on tbe heavy oak centre table. As I did so the clock in the neighboring chapel struck the hour of midnight, but I scarcely noticed it, save to enjoy the mysterious sweetness of the tones as they broke tbe midnight stillness of the place. The room was large and square, and had about it that close and musty odour of an unused apartment — an odour strangely like that which you so often notice in a death chamber. In one comer stood a large mahogany bedstead, richly carved and surmounted with a canopy. The heavy silk curtains were drawn aside, disclosing mattress and pillows, but no sheets. There was an evident impress of a human figure upon the side away from the wall. Everything was as Saint-G^ry had described it to me, and in a moment or so I had found all but the last of the three packages indicated, when I thought I heard or rather felt the rnstle of a woman's skirts behind me; but I was too busy to pay any attention to it. In fact, it half occurred to me that the breezj had blown in from the hall-way, and stirred a bit of paper on the floor, or caused the hangings to give forth a rustling sound. Bat in a moment the same sound again caught my ear, and this time it sent a disagreeable crawling feeling over my skin. It seemed so silly to me to take any note of such a thing that my sslf-respect would not allow me to lnok around. I had now come upon the third of the packages which Saint-Gery had commissioned me to obtain for him, and had just thrust it into my pocket, when a deep t long drawn sigh, which only human lips could have seat forth, escaped almost against my cheek. With one wild spring I landed several feet away, and almost instinctively my hand grasped my sabre belt. Had I not done so I should have dashed like a coward out of that dimly-lighted room. „. A tall woman, wearing a travelling gown of white gossamer, with angel sleeves, her face whiter than her raiment, was standing behind the sofa, with eyes that seemed lighted with unearthly glow fixed sadly and tenderly upon me. Over her shoulders, reaching almost to her feet, hung a wonderful growth of hair, cjvmog her, enveloping her like a living veil. By tbe lamp's light, as she raised her hand and put back those glorious tresses, I could see that they had a golden sheen, which gave her the appearance of being literally wrapped in a mysterious fire that glowed without conBumirg. She waa wonderfully bat fearfully beautiful and unearthly. I was stricken with such a tremor that my body swayed and only by the greatest effort could I save myself from pitching over backward. Nobody, unless he has been stricken by it, can have any ideaa of this awful and senseless terror. You feel your soul slipping away like escaping vapour; your heart comes to a dead standstill; your^ whole body grows inert and limp and like an empty tenement. Its walls seem ready to collapse upon the void. Oh, no, I didn't believe in ghosts. I knew, like all the rest of you, that the dead never come from their graves to walk the cold, damp earth again ; but yet this senseless fear of them came upon me, nevertheless. This fair apparition was hideous to me, and in those few instants I suffered—oh! I suffered more of irresistible agony, m6re of awful dread of the supernatural than in my whole life put together. The apparition spoke. "Oh, sir, you can do me a great service!" I tried to reply, but my tongue, my lipfl, refused to do their work. A low breathing sound alone came from my parched and aching throat. Again the lips of the apparition moved. " Will you 1 You have the power to save me, to cure me. I am suffering frightfully ; oh, so frightfully 1" As she uttered these words, in a tone too weird and instrument- like to be human, she let herself drop gently and slowly into a Bitting position on the sofa. "Will you?" again came from those pale, thin blue lips. I tried to say " Yes," but nothing save a low, hissing sound escaped me. 'Twas all I was capable of, and so I bowed my bead in sign of acquiescence. With this she drew from under the folds o? her white gown a large-toothed tortoise- shell comb, aud, holding it out to me, whispered : " pomb my hair, oh, comb my hair 1 It will cure me, it will stop this pain; it's the only way. Look at my head. See how I am suffering; it will drag me down to death 1" As she sat there her wonderful bead of hair fell around her like an enveloping cloud unon the floor. Why did I attempt to obey ? Why did I reach out a tremulous hand for that comb, and why did I take hold of those thick strands of hair, the touch of which sent shivers of intense coldness through my hands and arms as if I were toying with strings,of serpents ? I cannot tell you, my friends; but believe me when I 6ay tbat that sensation of cold is here yet, and that I can feel it now. A horrible fascination came upon me as I sefc to work. Cold and heat by turns struckme deep in the very vitals. I was caressing* the dead, toying with hair cold and. dank: from the tomb. Ob, it was dreadful; andi yet it was heavenly 1 Gradually my strength canm t^iae. 31 was an adept in the use of a comfy"forr almost daily I was wont to comb and braid my horse's mane. I couldn't see whether an expression of comfort had Btolen over that white face, but I could hear that low breathing, that softened groan which means , pain, afl I proceeded with my work. Separating that luxuriant growth into several parts, I took up each in turn, and combed it to its full length. Then gathering them all together, I began to braid them, and, as my fingers lost mora and mora thestiffness which fear had caused, I went fesW to the end. She bowed her S ' ® continued to give forth those softened groans Dd which seemed almost like the purring of a cat. Suddenly she murt b 8 n k 8' Aching out quickly, to* the comb from my band, and darted out of the room, disappearing ^ daikneas 0f t h e half-opened door, more I ke a speotre than ever. The moment I found myeelf alone ther^ came upon me that dazed feeling so common to any one escaping from the chains of some dreadful nightmare. The spell was broken, all sense of fear had vanished, and I could feel the blood tingling back into my veins again. I was enraged at my own weakness. I felt like a man who had been tricked and gulled by mischief-loving friends. I determined to follow the midnight visitant, and sprang after her, but the door was locked. I threw myself against it with a furious onslaught. It held firmly, however. Just then my horse, whieh I had tied at the porte cochere, gave a long, loud neigh of impatience. It startled me strangely, for it seemed to be the call of a friend to hasten out of the chateau, where my foolhardiness might cost me my life. I obeyed, and, dashing down the stairway at the risk of breaking my neck, I groped my way outdoor, and sprang into the saddle. The faithful animal seemed overjoyed to have me on his back again, and was off with a bound. How long we took to reach Rouen I don't know. The moment I had swallowed a little breakfast I set out to find Saint-Gery to give him his letters, to tell him of my strange adventure in the old chateau, and to ask for an explanation. Judge of my surprise, nay, my amazement, to find that he had abandoned his lodgiDgs late the night before. Where had he gone ? None knew. It took a week or so for me to recover my habitual composure of body and mind, and, happily for me, my regiment was shortly after this ordered to Algiers. Upon my return from Algiers my health was so impaired by African fever that I determined to resign from the army, and make a tour through the new world. It was while I was getting ready for this extended trip that I came again upon the Saint-Gery letters while packing away some books and souvenirs that I wished to leave in Paris. By a strange coincidence, that very day I met another college chum, who informed me that Saint-Gery was dead; that he had disappeared most mj'steriously from Rouen, and that after the lapse of several years the authorities had accidentally come upon proof which convinced them that he had committed suicide. The letters were opened by the Marquis. They were (he told his hearers) wildly, almost tempestuously, passionate, and more than ever was I convinced that Saint- Gary's reason had always been more or less unfixed. In every letter there was some reference to Aurore's glorious head of hair, and I now felt sure that I had seen not Aurore herself, but her spirit; that she had been foully murdered by Saint-Gory in an access of rage er jealousy. Upon unsealing the third package I found a heavy tress of golden hair at least 5ft. in length. It had been cut from Aurore's head by Saint- Gery. Some years afterwards, while hunting in the' north-east of France, I was overtaken by a terrific storm. I urged my guide to find a shelter as speedily as possible. He assured me that there was not a roof within four miles of us, and scarcely were the words out of his mouth before I caught sight of what seemed to me to be a charcoal-burner's cot on the edge of the fores 1 , about half a mile distant. " Nay, my Lord; not there," exclaimed the man with a gesture of dread. " It might mean death to us both I" " Death to us both !" I echoed. " Yes," returned the man, "the cot is inhabited by a madman or one very neaily so." But the storm was now increasing in fury, and madman or no madman I was determined to seek shelter there. As our knocking called forth no response, I pushed the door open. In the centre of the room stood a man of low stature with 6haggy hair and long, matted beard white as the driven enow. At a glance the man's eyes told me whom I had come upon. It was Saint- Gery. There could be no mistaking him. Each of bis hands grasped a pistol, and he burst out furiously. " Halt 1 Another step and I'll shoot you both down, you infamous minionB of the law! I know what you've come for—to arrest me for murder, and you're right, too, but I'm resolved to sell my life dearly; yes, de&rly;, just for the pleasure of killing. Ha, ha, ha!" "Nay, sir; you mistake us entirely," I cried out in a frieudly way. " We are not officers, but merely travellers who cnve the shelter of your roof. We will do you U no harm." In an instant his fury Ifft \ him, and he held out his hand to me. j "Sftint-Gory," , I cried, "old frlar.'J, j don't yon recognise me, your oj'd fichc H-J mate, Do la TomMSftuiuel F 1 Bat my words made no impress upon his disordered mind. He was hopelessly insane—hopelessly. And yet why, thought I, as I sat gazing upon the awful mental and physical wreck before me. If I oould but persnade him—little as I believed it myself—that Aurore still lived, that I had seen her, touched her, talked with her in the old chateau near Rouen, possibly I might be able to call his wandering reason back again. My mind was made up at once. As I contemplated remaining in that region as long as the hunting season lasted, I would send to Paris for the three packages, and deliver them to him. The sight of these letters, the touch of Aurora's beautiful hair, together wilh the sound of my voice, might gradually make Saint- Gery' s reason whole again. Alas! Man proposes, but God disposes. I carried out my programme to the let'.er. I covertly laid the three packages on Sainc-Gery'a table one evening, and then left him alone with those reminders of other days. The next morning I found the door locked. We burst it open. There sat Saint- Gery at the table with his head supported on his hand, and his eyes apparently riveted on something held in the other. " Saint-Gery, old friend, how are you today ? " I called cheerily, as I laid my hand on his shoulder. He wa3 dead. He had died sitting there with his eyes fixed upon the strand of Aurore's hair. 