" HOW SH ALI WU DECIDE THIS QUESTION?" A'oir, which ii Ihr. woT»!-to haue no appetite for your dinner, or to ham no dinner Jar your appetite? There ure lots of people on the one aide i r the other of this question. When "good digestion waitB on appetite and health mi both," that ¡a thc ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. Hut most of us ure not blessed in that way ; wo cither have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appe- tite without enough lo satisfy it. Different folk will unswer this question dillerently, yet thc common senBC of it is that, within reason- able limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the ;-tar valion line, a hungry mau is a healthy man ; whereas a mun who ought to cat und doesn't feel like ealing, stands in need of "altera- tions und repairs." To ¡Ilústrale. We recently received a com- munication in which thc writer says, "I MS afraid to cat." Did he Taney his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against tho nourishment lived on? If thc latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. Dc Bays, "In the year 1889 I changed my work flem railway porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman I we've months, and then all al once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth lusted bad. so that ordinary artilles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to Bay to them. One thing was like another, and none WUB good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark linc down thc middle and yellow fur around it. My breath was offensive and my appetite, poor, with pains through the cheat andr shoulders, which were always night before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so ii. felt like a ball in my throat, and act os if it would choke inc." Wc cannot wonder that under these circum- stances our friend failed to do justice lo his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation "at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in- strument. Then, again, at times he was atttcked with spasms, thc agony of which was so severe that thc sweat rolled off him. "I dreaded" he says, "the thought of eat- ing, and many a scanty meal have I made, /or I was afraid to eal." "After a lime I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and folt miserable, as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose » good deal of sleep." What he means by thc fear of "something I going to happen " ÍB, of course, tho fear of some calamity, such as the lees of Iiis posi- tion, his own death, or the death of some- body dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by Jack of nourish- ment. Thc night of this formyof illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," Jw says, " I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de- pending on me. So I struggled .on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. Iain mre no vue lian sufired m much as / lave, doti*." In the latter statement be .in undoubtedly wrong. One's one pain is one's own, and is . always harder to bear than is one's notion of bis neighbour's pain. There je a counitoss multitude who ure alltlie while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch »iib them. \\\ ell, the writer finally oientions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found bim be chanced to road in a book of a case exactly like hi» own having been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. " My wife," he eays, "got ma a bottle at Mr. jLangstaffs, in Woodlesford, and after using its contents the ailment left mc and has never returned Biuce that fortunate day. I should like the whola world to know what it did .fot me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Coin (Signed) " GEOROB HUNT, " Car Bottom Boad, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." Wc publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of tue worid at. least may know how thankful he is aud for what reason. . 