LOCAL NEWS. GENERAL ITEMS. THE Rev. T. Woolraough will preach in the Wesleyan Church on Sunday even ing, the subject being " Married but not Mated." All are welcome. MR. J. P. COCHRANE affirms that the' moral suasion of a woman is about equal to half a brick. Supposing two such women seek to persuade each other, will the moral suasion be equal to two half-bricks; £ AT the anniversary of" The Bethany," a Church of England Deaconesses' Inr stitution, which was celebrated on Wednesday last at St. Mary's Church of England, Balmain, we notice that Miss K. French, of the Deanery, de livered an address on " Work among Young Women." The Dean of Sydney pointed out the great usefulness of the Deaconesses' Institution, and specially, referred to. the efforts of one in thfe Cathedral district, where she visitecj, the sick and administered words.o£ comfort and sympathy. .,r A USEFUL map has been compiled by the Railway Department,, and copies are to be exhibited in the waiting-rooms and the principal railway stations^.. The map shows the Sydney and subiirbaij. tramway routes, and includes all the] stopping places and chief hotels. SOME alterations in the railway time tables came into operation on Thurs-ic day. The most numerous changes are on the Southern line and on the: Western line. The Liverpool and Campbelltown service, the main Sub urban line, and the South Coast line are also altered to some extent. , .WE notice that in accepting tenders for the supply of bolts for the tramway in Sydney, and for the supply of cast-iron pipes for the water supply scheme at Parkes, the Minister for Works: ac cepted colonial tenders, although they were from 10 to 15 per cent, higher than outside tenders. Mr. Lyne ac cepted these tenders in order to pro vide work for people in N.S.W. .The" value of the two tenders accepted is : £"8350, ?but'dutsiders offered- to' 'do the same work for £1100 less. ..._ AT the Station-Lady : " At what time does the 9 o'clock train start ?" Stationmaster : " At eight sixty to the minute, miss." Lady : " Thanks." _ PHIL LORIMER, Esq., Poet, Traveller, Stargazer, &c.;, visited Camden, last Saturday (says the Camden Times of Aug. 25). Phil says he is a believer in. ghosts, and has seen them. Upon be ing pressed to give his reasons for be lieving in the existence of ghosts, he said :-" One night I went to sleep, when I heard a voice speaking to me. Upon opening my eyes (I was then neither asleep or awake),I saw a man with a freckled face, covered with red hair. He touched me on the arm, and said, " I want you to read the funeral service over me. Don't forget." I re plied, " Alright, old man r I'll do it?', In the morning, I told the shepherd What I saw and heard. The man in charge of the sheep remarked. if the man was lying about dead the sheep would soon find him. By driving sheep about you can easily tell if there is anything wrong by their movements. We drove the sheep about, and found, the body of a dead man fifteen miles off. There was the very man I saw in my dream. His face was freckled, and he had red hair. One side of his face was black, and a bit decomposed. I never saw the man before in my life, and never heard of his description. How can you account for this ? " MR. J. B. DOHERTY makes a practical suggestion in a letter in another column. In their natural state the Bowral footpaths are exceeding muddy in wet weather. The council has al-,. ready discovered that screenings are very expensive and do not last long. Mr. Doherty suggests that about .five feet along the centre of the paths be asphalted between battens, making them passable in all weathers. AT the Moss Vale Police Court on Wed nesday W. Nettlingham, hotel-keeper at Sutton Forest, pleaded guilty to hav ing kept his house open for the purpose of gaming with dice on August 16, and was fined 10/- and 6/6 costs. .1 MR. J. H. CLOSE, of the Commercial . Bank, Robertson, has purchased a ? pocket case of Dr. Mueller's apparatus for the treatment of snakebite. The case contains a silver-plated hypoder mic syringe, and two hollow needles, by which a few drops of water contain ing strychnine are injected into the snake wouiid ; also a mortar and pestle, and tubes of strychnine snlph. In structions for. use .are also attached. .' v The necessary,opera tibn is or a simple "riaturej and may be-performed by any onfe with domparative ease. In the event o.f being oitten while in the hush, or £my. place where medical assistance cannot be obtained, this should prove Invaluable. BRIGHT-is a township situated nearly 200 miles north-east of Melbourne. Its .; population is about 700. The Alpine ' Observer says it is one of the prettiest towns in Victoria. For eight years , they have enjoyed a Friday half-holi ,, day, closing the business places at 11 ' o'clock.' Last week we received a splendid pictorial, sheet representing Bright and its public.buildings. !. ; ^ " SCOTLAND'S Demand for Home Rule " is, the title of a vigorous little pamph let; sent us during this last few days. Theodore Napier, the . author, £ says : "Home Rule is the rule in all orderly homes where the- husband is the head of the wife and rules his household in accordance with his own family regula tions.'* REPORT for n?onth lending August 31st, 1892, of the Berrima District; Cottage Hospital -.-Patients admitted 3, dis charged cured 3, remaining in hospital n,-J. WARD, Matron. A CABBAGE, grown at Burrawang weighs i3lbs. WHEN the people have overcome the dis ? tance trouble, the Bowral Park will prove itself a very valuable acquisition to the towfll. It'u only-a matter of timev A SCOTCH concert in aid of the Sutton Forest Presbyterian Church was given on Wednesday evening , the proceeds J ' . anroiiriting to ^"6. I THE committee of theRobertson School off Arts are endeavouring to get the Bow- I ral Minstrel Troupe to give an enter-' tainment in aid of thevr institution. A HANDSOME cab is offered for sale pri : vately by Morris and Co-. ' FULL MOON-, September 7. i APPLICATION for position of manager of ' the Wingecaribbee Butter Factory are » being invited by the hon sec.,. Mr. E. I M. Wickham. ?J. L. CAMTBELL offers tcwiiiy trees, poul i try, and firewood. |Dv CUFPORD has some Crown Lands for. sale at Berrima on 14th September, and ! at Moss Vale on the 21st Sept. IN the case of Terence Cunningham, who was on a former occasion fined £ 10 for having slaughtered a beast at Wan- genderrv without a license, the Minister for Justice remitted £8 of the fine, as recommended by the Bench. ?THE next District Court will be held at ; Moss Vale on Thursday, 29th inst. Plaints must be entered fourteen days prior to that date. TRULY (says the Mittagong Express) one half of the world doesn't know how the other half lives. On Tuesday afternoon a woman, in company with a man,-might have been seen trudging through Main street with a swag swung across her shoulders. The rain was falling heavily at the time, and she presented a most pitiable appearance. Where are we to look for- a remedy for such a istate of things? A PRESENTATION was made at theMitta gong Public School on Wednesday to Captain Napier by the cadet corps as an expression of the esteem in which he is held as drill instructor. An address | ' was read by Colour sergeant E. Hilder. i : 'Captain Napier expressed the pleasure | ;'$nd, surprise the presen tation had given . "himi and iioped the boys would attend \- drill regularly. He said the only thing needed was target practice.' j MR. H. L. DAVIS'S faithful and constant j : companion "Rover" was accidentally j killed on Tuesday morning'last by a . passing train. Mr. Davis will kindly accept our sympathy, THE Mittagong Council are to obtain ashes from their railway station for i/ per load. NOTHING definite has been, done in' the matter of gas at Mittagong, as the coun . cil's committee are not aware what the private consumption will be. 