%xUmivxt. BOB MARTIN'S MTTIiE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Rachel,'' 'Rainbow Gold,' &c;, &c;, && (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV. toir iiJUBtace sat at nis breaioast-tabie sore perplexed, and Mrs. Weybndge watched him with an' eye of roguish amusement. The cause of annoyance was an epistle in the French lan . gnage written in a handwriting so eccentric as * to be abriost illegible. Sir Eustace's knowledge of the tongue his correspondent employed was but elementary, and a farbetterFrenchscholar than He might easily have found the scrawl oppressive. * .tor pity e sake, Julia, do see it you can make head or tail of this,' he exclaimed at last, pushing the letter across the table. ' What is it ?' asked bis sister. 'It's from De Ronde Lereoux. Confound him !'*he' baronet answered. 'The beggar knows-my French isn't good for much. He can write just as good English as I can when he has a mind, and he sends me this abominable scrawl to pay me out I suppose for having given him the trouble to write it.' ' Monsieur le Viconte?' said the lady. 'A ?very charming man and quite capable I'm sure of writing a very charming letter.' 'Oh, I dare say,' Sir Eustace admitted, ' the letter's charming enough if one could only read it.' 'Let me try,' said his sister. f She pored over the letter for moment and then looked up with a little spirit of laughter. 'Eustace,' she said, 'you have, been airing your French.' 'Airing my French?' he demanded, with an aspect half hangdog half defiant. ' What do yon mean by that ?' 'Yon know perfectly well what I mean,' his sister retorted. 'You have been writing to Monsieur le Viconto in his native lan guage.' 'Does he say so,' enquired-Sir Eustace. 'Oh, dear no,' the lady answered. 'He doesn't say so, but the letter does. It is written in a most admirable copy of your own style. The pastiche is excellent. Listen.' Sheread aloud, stopping to laugh from time to time. ' Je viens d'avoir recu une lettre de vous, mon cher camarade, et je m'empresse de vous repondre. J'ai dans mon ceil un homme qui est le vrai homme pour vous. Je vous l'enverrez de suite. C'est un homme toes sobre, tres dis cret, tres honnettes et bien experimente. n a ete dans mon service pour six ana. Son age est quarante quatre, ses yeux sont gris, sa moustache est grisatre, mais il ne se grise jamais.' f %'I can make all that out,' said Sir Eustace, 'except the last sentence. What have bis eyes and his moustache to do with it?' 'They serve to herald a bad joke,' the lady responded, 'which is the only flaw in the whole production.' ' Is that the lot of it?' Sir Eustace asked. 'That is all, except the customary French -Sourish at the end, in which you are besought to believe that Monsieur le 'Viconte tenders you hie most high consideration.' 'Well,' demanded her brother, 'what is there to laugh at?' ' Nothing whatever if you choose to be grave about it. But who is the man he is sending ?' 'Oh,' returned Sir Eustace, 'Fm not satisfied with Lawrence's management of the vineries. I had set my heart on the first prize at the country show, and that con founded young parvenu of a Rogers has beaten me hollow, so I wrote to Lereoux asking him to recommend me a first-rate man.' 'Well, Eustace, you have an excellent vinery, and the Viconte may send you an excellent man, but we shall always beat you at Wellsted.' 'Wellsted !' cried her brother, with a jovial scorn, 'Wellsted! Why, I'd beat Wellsted if I had nobody bat myself to depend on. You can grow a decent Black Hamburg, but even there I beat you. And where's your ? ' 'Don't be quite so overwhelming, Eustace. I challenge you now. Meet us at Colchester, and we will meet you at Worcester. OS our own ground we can't compete for prizes, but we can ask for judgment.' 'Done!' cried her brother. 'That's a bargain. Come in. Well, what is it?' A servant entered and stood for a moment ?with a hand upon the door. ' There's a person to see you, Sir Eustace. He seems to be in charge.' 'Officer with him ?' ' Yes, Sir Eustace.' 'Send him into the library. Some justice business, I suppose, though it's absurdly early foijto. I'll see to it at once, if you'll excuse me, Julia.' His sister assenting, he walked aero3s the hall and into the library, where an officer, with that stolid air of impassivity which seems in separable from the British policeman on duty, saluted him. 'What is your business?' the baronet en quired. 'This individual,' began the officer, indi cating, his charge. ' I decline to be nominated as an individual,' the charge . broke in in foreign sounding but fluent .English. ' I am a person of respectable antecedents and position. He was a man under the middle height, with a huge grey moustache and a face the color of a Normandy pippin. He accompanied his description of himself with vivid gestures and looked as if, for one reason or another, his temper had passed the boiling point. ' What is the business?' Sir Eustace asked again.. ' This individual ? ,' the policeman began once more. ? ? ' Permit me to explain,' said the little man, very pale beneath his brown and his eyes sparkling with excitement. 'Have I the honor to address Sir Eustace Wyneomb?' 'That is my name.' 'Then,' pursued the little man with an astonishing volubility of tone, 'I have the further honor to present to Sir Eustace Wyn ?cornb letters of recommendation and introduc tion from my honored friend and patron the Viconte de Bonde Lereoux. Sir Eustace Wyn ccmbe will observe' — he pressed an open letter inio the baronet's hand — 'that my name is Andre Dom ; that I am full of experience in the matter in which Sir Eustace desires assis tance ; that my terms are 400£. per month, with maintenance ; and that, if terms should be concluded, I am willing at once to enter on my duties.' All this the rapid French-toned voice de livered with a wrathful emphasis, which seemed to be directed towards the stolidly im passive officer, who was just as much impressed by it as a dead tree might have been. After the mention of the name Andre Dom the baronet heard not a word. He saw at once what had happened. The name of this fiery little Frenchman had got him into mischief. 'Officer,' he said, 'where do you come from?3 '?Dover, sir.' ' You knew that a certain Andre Dom was charged with the wilful murder of George Redwood?' 'Yes, sir.' ' And you arrested this gentleman, or he \ras arrested, on account of the identity of name ?' 'Just so, 'sir.' 'Well, I suppose you'll take my word for it that this is not the man or anything like him. ^Waitajnorhent.' 'He opened and read the letter the indignant' newcomer had forced upon him. It came from his friend the viconte .and was couched in English, a trifle too ieeverely academic to have: been written bv anybody except a foreigner or a country schoolmaster. It recommended the bearer in the highest terms. 'You have made a mis take,' said Sir Eustace, addressing himself to the constable. ' This gentleman comes to me recommended by a French nobleman, an inti mate friend of mine. What on earth,' he asked, ' made even the police suppose that a man who had committed a murder here would be carrying about a letter of introduction to me?' ' The inspector thought,' said the policemen, 'that he might carry the letter to evade suspicion.' 'And go about,' said Sir Eustace, 'under his own name for the same purpose. I presume you have some sorb of business somewhere. You may see to it.' The officer withdrew, surrendering his prey with a reluctant eye. ' Well, Monsieur Dom,' said Sir Eu3tace when they were alone; 'my friend speaks very highly of your capacity, and if your terms are as satisfactory as your testimonials I shall be happy to secure your services.' Monsieur Dom repeated the statement of his terms, and Sir Eustace closed with him. ' You'd like to see the vineries at once I daresay,' and Dom assenting, Sir Eustace sum moned bis sister, and the three set out together, the baronet on the way relating the curious ad venture by which Dom's arrival had been marked. 'Is yours a common name?' he asked. 'It is noo uncommon,' the Frenchman responded. 'I have met many who bear it, though never with myownjmenoni.' ' You may find the name a little unpopular at first,' his employer said laughingly, 'but you may live that down.' 'I will try to hope fco, S. Eustace,' the little man answered. They came to the vineries, a trio of enthu siasts, and the new arrival left them in no doubt as to his theoretical acquaintance with his duties. He continued to please both Sir Eustace and his sister, and after an hour's talk was formally installed. The vineries were extensive, aud it was evident to the expert's accustomed eye that they had not only been mismanaged but neglected. He found his hands full for two or three weeks, and during that time saw next to nothing of his new environment. When the first rush of work was over, however, he found time to make himself acquainted with the village and its inhabitants, and since he turned out to be of a singularly jovial, sunny, and friendly disposition he found himself in a very little time in agreeable relations with the best people of the place. He found that the staple of the village con versation was even now supplied by the details of the mysterious murder of George Redwood and by. the unexpected and astonishing return of one John Hetheridge, who had been sup posed long ago to have perished in the Austra lian bush. Now it happened that Monsieur Dom had been acquainted with a person of that name, who to his own belief had come to an end in a like manner, and he experienced a natural interest in the man long before he saw him? He made close enquiries about John Hetheridge's aspect and the answers he had received ^confirmed his first belief. The ignorance of the villagers with respecb to the locality in which Hetheridge had been lost was complete. Not one of them could tell him bo much as the name of the colony, but the name and the date both coincided, and he was pretty sure that the returned John Hetheridge could be none other than his old employer. He was passing one day in front of Mrs. Redwood's house of mourning and paused to look at the operations at that instant going on there. The garden was littered with articles of furniture bound in straw. A huge furniture van stood before the gate] and two men were staggering along the path bearing a high cottage piano between them. It was evident that Mrs. Redwood was on the move, and making that departure from the scene of her life's tragedy which he knew from common gossip she had had in contemplation these two months past. The fact that a man bearing his own name had been the author of the tragedy gave an interest to it which it would not other wise have possessed for him, and he was specu lating as to who this mysterious undiseover able namesake of his might have been, when a horse's footfall on the frost-hardened road reached his ear and he turned round to face John Hetheridge. ' Aha,' he cried, running forward to meet him. ' I had learned that yon were not dead after alL It is a etrange chance that throws us together again. You will allow me, Mr. Hetheridge, to congratulate you upon your escape.' At the sound of his first greeting Hetheridge started violently in his saddle, stared with dilating eyes, and then changed color. He re covered himself in a moment and leaning over the horse's neck stretched out a hand, which the Frenchman grasped warmly. 'How are you, Mr. Dom?' he asked. ' When I saw you first I took you for a ghost. I suppose,' he added, with a clumsy laugh, 'you noticed how yon startled me at first. The truth is that ever since that adventure in the bush and the long illness that came after it I've been as nervous as a cat.' 'No wonder,' said Monsieur Dom sym pathetically, 'I am myself experienced. I should know. I was bushed for three days. There is nothing more horrible. Ah, my dear sir, I know, I know.' Hetheridge dismounted and tethered his horse to the railings. ' I have business here,' he said, ' and I must go in for a little time, but I mustn't forget to ask what brings you here?' 'I,' returned Dom, 'am the employe of Sir Eustace Wyncomb. I have care of his vinery. It is pleasant. It will not be hard work. I shall grow a grape, the finest in the world. I could make from it a wine which the Count of Monte Cristo could not afford to drink. It would cost him £50. It is you Eng lish for spending money on : your elegant luxuries. Eh?' 'Yes, I suppose so,' said Hetheridge. 'We'll meet again ; I'm stopping at the Black BulL If you care to look in there in an hour's time you'll find me.' He had no liking or affection for the man. Save for himself and EJlice Redwood he had no liking or affection for anybody. The sudden appearance of the man whose name he had adopted filled his mind with crawling and in sinuating fears. The undetected criminal is always a terror to himself. He starts at shadows and sees in every bush an officer. The phantom hand hovers above his shoulder whether he sleep or wake, and at any second, to his fancy, the phantom may grow into sudden flesh and bone and fall with the inex orable fiat of the law. Unspoken words haunt the eaves of expectation. 'You are my prisoner.' The words wait always on the threshold of the ear. They tingle in every pulse. The wide air holds them meshed in silence and they are always ready to escape. Hetheridge had begun to learn alraady that a murderer's bitterest penalty is to go scot free. The mere denunciation, trial, and hang ing of the common villain would have been mercy compared to the fate which his own devilish astuteness had adjudged him. He had no liking or affection for the man and yet he must needs meet him and be friendly with him, if only out of superstition. He had stolen his name— the name of the first Frenchman with whom he had ever been on anything like familiar terms, and here, as if by a miracle, was the legitimate bearer of it carrying in his very presence an uncon scious challenge and reproach. Monsieur Dom dropped in at the Black Bull, the flavor of whose excellent cup of cognac he was already acquainted with, and there awaited Hetheridge's arrival. The landlord of the Bull was always ready for a chat, and Dom, after the manner of his nation, was in clined to be loquacious about things which were of no special moment, though — still like his nation — he could be secretive enough when he chose. 'I have met your Meestare Hetheridge,' eaid Dom. 'He 'is, as I guessed he would be, the gentleman I knew. It was to me he spoke his last word before riding away to get lost in the bush. Life is a curious thing that brings us two again together after bo long time and so far away.' 'Yes,' the landlord assented, 'it's a bit queer altogether, Mr. Dom. It's a very odd thing that two Frenchmen bearing the same name should come in a little place like this. One right on top of another. I wonder where that bloodthirsty old party is. You never saw anybody as looked less likely to commit a mur der. A mild- spoken, quiet-mannered, queer old chap as ever you'd wish to see. Bent double as he was, too, pretty nigh, with his old fists a quavering on his walMn stick, he looked as if he couldn't hurt a child even if he wanted to. Couldn't hardly speak a word of English. There was 'ardly anybody, save Mr. Redwood, as could understand him when he talked. I suppose the thing will stop a mystery now since it's gone so far. But the thing as'fl alias puzzle me is what the old boy done it for. The two was always friendly in a sort o' way. There was no notion about robbary. _ Poor Mr. Redwood's watch and chain and his pocket book with £35 in it in Bank of England notes and the money in his pockets— why, they was all there to a halfpenny.' Monsieur Dom sipped his cognac and pulled reflectively at his pipe of sweet caporaL 'Yes,' he said, 'it is strange. It is very strange.' He had fallen into an odd mood and he sat with a curious expectation, a sense he could not have defined though it had been to save his life. It was as if a man should sit in a twilight chamber with almost a surety that byand-bye a door would open and show him some unheard of thing. The landlord, pleased with a listener, went on. 'There's the murder — thafs a queer thing. There's that old Frenchman comin' from nobody knows whC* *° d° i'f and goin' nobody knows where when 1*2? done— and that's a queer thing. There's you, as dV^erent from the man as light from dark, comin' is »m-?ng us and bringing his name back again. And then, as queer as any of 'em, here's Mr. Redwood's old friend, ' reckoned to be dead this two years, turning up two days after the murder like a ghost. I'm ? .'said the landlord, 'if ever I heard of such a lot of queer things together in all my life.' 'Mr. Hetheridge,' asked Dom, ' was the friend of the man who was killed ?' 'Brought up together,' the landlord an swered. ' Pretty much like brothers till they was two or three and twenty. They had a bit of a tiff later on about the young lady poor Mr. Redwood married. They both wanted her, and Mr. Redwood got her. The other man he went out to Australia.'! ' And£was lost for two years,' said Dom. 'That is a long time to be lost for.' 'Yes,' said the landlord, frothing out a mug of beer for himself, ' it's a longish time ; but when you come to think about it it's natural enough. The poor man seems to have got a sunstroke in the wilds out there. I've heard him say he didn't remember even his own name when he got into his right mind again.' There was the open door ! But standing in the light it gave or seemed to give was an imagination so monstrous, so unfounded, so gratuitously impossible and absurd, that Mon sieur Dom waved it imperatively on one side and declined to look at it. 'Could not remember his own name,' said the landlord. 'And so took mine !' The words sprang into Dom's mind and were almost at his lips before he saw how wild they would have sounded if spoken, how mad they seemed even to his own fancy. This Hetheridge had known him ; Andre Dom had vanished for two years from the sight of the world, had had reason to hate Redwood, had come to the scene of the murder within two days of its perpetration. Well, what was there in all that? The root of the ridiculous fancy, of which it would be wise to breathe no word. For the next 10 minutes the landlord had the talk entirely to himself. Monsieur Dom smoked assiduously, stroking his huge mous tache and grunting yes or no at random. At the end of that time Hetheridge entered, and the Frenchman awaking from his reverie plunged into talk with him. 'Our good friend, the patron,' he said, ' has been telling me that you suffered from a sunstroke from your wanderings in the bosh.' 'Yes,' said Hetheridge with averted face. 'You'd have thought it too late in the year for that, wouldn't you? But I remember one or two blazing days.' Was that fancy, the little vigneron asked himself, or was it humbug? He remembered the long and painful search for the missing man and he recalled it minutely, detail by detail. - Hot weather for the season of the year undoubtedly, but hot enough for sun stroke? Possibly he thought at last. There was no knowing precisely what might happen to a man weakened by want and exposure. He decided that he suspected nothing. That as an honorable and clean-minded man he had no right to suspect anything. The fancy which had attacked him was no better than an intrusive madness. He would let it go. But all the same it clung. (lo he continued. ) 