mm page. ' A LIVING LIE. The Story of a Double Life. By LILY TINSLEY, OP "TINSLEY'S MAGAZINE." . Author of "A Day or Reckoning," "In Eke Kino," "The Onn.i) or tiie Shadow," " A London Seoiiet, " "CoubinDick," "Blackwater Towers," &o.; , All Queensland Riohts Reserved. PART THE SECOND. Chapter XVI. — (Continued.) Royal, struggling to gain payor to fly, looked upjengorly with the conviotion that now the lad would suffer hiB share of the punishmont, which, by this move of tho Rat's, was threatened. ' ' You know this gentleman, sir ?' asked the polioeman, shaking himself up to his duty, hut feoling still very dozed, by the conviction within him that if any ono was likely to regret the night's work_ it was ho in having missed the opportunity of solving as great a mystery ns any he had ever come across. ' I know him ? ' repeated Sir Lawrence, with a Bmilo, ' I think as he is the secre tary whom I have just engaged, and whom 1 appointed to an important office, it is only likely I should.' Royal once more lost his assurance and stood staring at his partner as if he had been a madman, while young Leo, utterly taken aback by this sudden turn ing of the tables, this resaue from a danger which seemed inevitable, felt joy harder to hear even than disgrace. Sis senses seemed leaving him, and he stood like ono bereft of all knowledge of what went on around him, trying to lift his head to look at his benefactor, and to express his untold gratitude at such per fectly inexplicable generosity. ' You mean that this is your writing ?' paid the policeman, withdrawing from his pocket the letter which he supposed to havo been forged. 'Of a cortaintv it is,' replied tho hnronefc. ' I am "sorry if my very poor hnnd has led to any doubt upon the point. "What is the myBttffy ? Pray someone be good enough to explain.' Leo's heart sunk again. It seemed to him that whatever tho unaccountable motives which had prompted Sir Law rence to shield him so far, his attitude must ohunge when he learnt that he (Leo) was not only a pretender, hut to all appearance, at least, a thief. Rut in re-, ply to Mr. Haviland's confused uccount of "the whole oircumstauees of the case, the baronet ranged himself eron yet more determinedly upon tlffi side of his protege. ' You accuse Mr. Forrester of being in a plot to. rob me of the money ?' he said with grave astonishment. ' Impossible ! I will not listen to such a gross pieos of injustice ! "Why ho did not even know that the money was in the house, nor the cause of his being put on guard in this room. I purposely abstained from tell ing him.' ' Rut where is tho money ? "What has become of it ?' askod poor Mr. Haviland. 'The thing must he explained. The money wos left in hero with him, and it is gone now. There must he some trickery.' ' There is,' said Sir Lawrence, quiotly holding up the glass in which were the dregs of the wine whioh the butler (un happy scapegoat) had carried to Leo, and whioli betrayed a slight odour unnatural , to it. The fact created a profound impression, and had Leo been able to lift his head he . would have mot glances of apology and contrition, in the place of those of sus- ! pioion and disgust which had hitherto been cast upon him. Seeing how every moment R21 wob becoming inoro and more dismayed, Sir > Lawrence added a sort of Job's comfort, prompted by tho humour of the wholo matter, now that it was so nearly accom plished successfully. ' You would indeed have been lucky, constable, if you had caught tho right in stead of the wrong man. Ab it is you . need not be down-hearted. You are not ' the first in the force who has broken Mb teoth ovor one of the Rat's hard nuts.' ' Tho Rat ?' was the general chorus, in wMoh Royal took care to Join. 'It Boems like it,' said the baronet laughing. ' Many a true word spoken in jest, Mr. Haviland then, truly sorry for the old man's agitation he added i hastily, ' Pray do not distress yourself about the riionejr. Did I not toll you that, once it was.in mjr house, I took the whole of the responsibility ? It shall bo replaced at once, although, as the busi ness I have foregone to-night was a matter of about tho same sum, itmakeB tho hit of business rather dear.' ' This is too kjnd, too generous,' said Mr. Haviland, grasping the baronet's hand, with tears running down his ; cheeks, and a vow in Mb heart to be care ful in future not to overrun his due allowance of port. ' And what about the ring, sir ?' asked B21, very grateful to the baronet for his cold comfort. The words, 'It waB given to Mr. For- ' roster by my daughter' were almost- upon Sir Lawrence's lips, but instinct rather than actual reasoning made, him wish to keep the faot of that daughter's engagement a secret for the presont. So he substituted instead, 'I called at one ; or. two jewellers' on my way to. the station' — (he had, indeed, done bo, to order some trinkets for Nellie) —and was luoky enough to find the very ring my : little girl had lost. It must have been .' stolen from hor and sold, as I surmised. I intrusted -it to Mr. Porrestor to bring to her.' .v. v 1 ?' And wondering , little Nellie felt the ring pressed .upon her finger. The tale, however, was plausible enough, for it entirely agreed with Leo's '- protest that' it' was not his hut a little blind girl's. Even Nellie felt that, for had ' \ they not deoided that the ring must hp sacrificed for the sake of her love aria her lover's,' whom; as he had not spoken, ' she did riot recognise in Mr. Forrester. Already, in her delight in having it restored to her, sho did not forget to re joice that in her new; position the diffi culties whioh had boforo divided them seemed to have passed away. Thus satisfied that he had fully repaired all the evil ho had unintentionally brought about, Sir Lawrence felt his heart pnoe more light within him — even the fears in defeating Royal's plans for the lad's dis posal he might- he causing fresh difficulties vanishing before the thought that he had rescued ontiraly from shame and disgraoo his ohild's lover. But tho happiness was short-lived. lloyal seemed to have read his thoughts in his face, or at all evonts to have gathered strength of will enough to try and make his escape before the denoue ment which must come when protege and benofaotor Stood face to faoo, as in a moment they must do. 'I am glad tho affair has ended so ploasantly,' he Baid with a poor attompt at a smile, ' and as I have already over stayed my time, I think I'll bo getting on ray way to my chambers.' \- With a shake of the hand to Mr. Haviland and a word apart with Sir, Lawronoe, lie departed, followed by B21. That word apart froze the Rat's blood in his veinB, turned his heart to lead, and kept him spellbound. ' You fool I you don't know what you havo done ! When the lad Bees you you are ruined. It is Leonard Ferretb !' It was the triokster's turn to he trapped; flight, the only safety open to him, was impossible, Indeed, there waB no time, for almost as Royal left the room, Leo, reassured by the departure of his enemy, lifted his head. Words of wonder and thanks wore 'on his Hps, hut he did not utter them. HiB eyeB fell upon the crippled, deformed being standing not many feet away from him, and like it, he seemed turned to stone, a low, agonised 'My God !' falling from Ms Bps. Nellie's listening ears caught the sound of Ms voice. ' Leo !' she cried, letting go her fathor'B arm to hold out her hands with a cry of joy, ' are you there ? Come to me ! Ah, come to me !' Ho did not obey. He could not. But tho sound of her voice broke the Bpell upon him, tho spell of horror, when, as in a dream, hut ono ten times more real, more terrible than any before, he stood face to face with — his viotim or his ghost. For a moment his heart bounded up in his breast with one great bound of agony, as if it would leap out of Mb body entirely, and then as if a lightning flash had struck him, he flung up Ms hands and fell headlong to tho ground. to be continued to-kobbow.) 