PARS PITHILY PUT. Qaecn Victoria's B i rthday Next Tuesday, '' And God bless her. Peace and progression Mark her glorious reign. Walter Heath's (mrmot halt. Queen's Birthday Jubilations. Tuesday; next— Queen's Birthday. Deeming meets his doom next Monday. More about Matchless Malvern else where. Village settlement schcmcs the order of the day. Extraordinary election at Malvern on Slst. inst. No portrait to-day— -an attractive one for nextSaturday. Ford's benefit—Tuesday, 7th June, at the Prahran Town-hall, A good wife is a good thing, but a bad husband beats her. Troubles of local bakers at Prahran father heavy this week. Malvern councillors again on tho war path for a new post office. Local councillors Hntheprand at Govern. ment House next Tuesday. Another enjoyable instalment of ' Match less Malvern ' in this issue. The Malvern extraordinary election pro mises to prove a keen contest. No issue of this journal next Wednesday, in conscqucnce of the holiday. Several new advertisers make their bow in to*dny's issue of this journal. Evans Bros', grocers, of South Yarra, again before the Prahran court. Another 'nurse' committed for. trial in a baby farming ease at Carlton. Nothing cures a man of meddling faster than letting him bum his lingers. The Prahran Natives met on Wednesday, tbc proceedings being very tame. Brp. Albert Corinaldi W.M. clcct of the City of Prahran Lodge of Freemasons. Money earned with borrowed tools is to a certain extent obtained from charity. Work being furnished for the unemployed at Malvern— only local men need apply. An Anglican clergyman in Adelaide j indcccntly assaults two of his servant girls. Mr. Walter Heath's annual social next Tuesday night at the St. Kilda Town- hall. A bill to beintroducedin the Californiau Legislature providing for a tax on bachelors. How Melbourne spread in the early days is indicated in our articlc on ' Matchless Malvern.' Tenders have been accepted for the crcctioii of post aud telegraph offices at South Yarra. Here, in Australia, a man ' stands ' for office, aud in America he ' runs '—in both countries he lies more or less. Who shall be the guardian of tho infant Toorak heiress, Miss Kathleen Purvcs Blacphcrsou, nnd — £70,000 ? The Malvern Gymnastic nnd Athletic Club gavcan entertainment at the Armadale Hall on Thursday evening last. Three candidates for the vacancy in Ibc Malvern shire council, caused by the resignation of Cr. A. E. Clarke. Friendless waifs and orphans appeal to the public for pity and help next Thursday evening at the Prahran Town-hall. The Malvern Argus Quadrille Assembly hold their second social of the season next Tuesday evening at tbe Armadale Hall. There were a number of truancy eases before the Prahran court on Thursday friend Dermott on the war-path as usud. John Nouree Morse, commission agent, of 71 Millswyn-strcet, South Yarra, is in solvent 2 liabilities, £90 lCs. : assclB, 13s. Another successful organ recital and service of song at St. George's Presbyterian Church, East St. Kilda, on Thursday even ing. We are requested to state that a class for horticulture has been formed it} connection with the Melbourne Working Men's Col lege. The Government's charges against the Railway Commissioners arc summarised in three words—' inefficiency and mismanage ment.' The Prahran Y.W.C.A. choir gave an enjoyable musical entertainment at the Auburn Bible Christian Church on Monday evening last. An iron safe weighing one ton, fell into the street from the top story of a building in Little CollinB-strcct ? on Tuesday—a distance of 60ft. Metropolitan Gqs Compapy's new £50,000 loan subscribed thrice over in the London market— another indication of financial sunshine. The state of that important little street, Cecil-place, with its A.N. A, Y.W.C.A. and friendly societies dispensary traditions, is to be improved. An Australian edition of Mr. Stead's Jleciew of Review* is to be published in Melbourne, and the editor is to be the llcv. W. H. Fitchctt, B.A. A concert was given at the Foresters Hall, South Yarra, last night, in oonncc lion with the Prahran Uuited Friendly Societies' Dispensary. Great flutter of e.xcitcment amongst the fair sex over Mr. Walter Heath's annual ball to take place next Tuesday night at the St. Kilda Town-hall. Our mayors, councillors, and town clerks arc to loyally advance nnd bow and cercraonialisc generally to Her Majesty's representative on the 3Jtb. «Jobn Foot, of Greville-slrcet, Pr.i bran, plumber, is insolvont. Liabilities, £1122 15s. Sd.; assets, £24G 10s.; dcficicncy, £87-- 5s. 3d. Mr. Jacomb, assignee. Don't forget the Middies' Band concert | next Thursday evening at the Prahrau Town hall— a novel and ° excellent pro gramme, and a most deserving cause. Last Wednesday's Age dH not contain either a birth or a marriage announcement —probably, this is the first time in its history such an incident has occurrcd. It was almost a tqss-qp in the early days whether Prahran bore that name or Windsor. Prahran came in by a head how ever. They used to spell it sometimes Prarhan. 1 A scientist in a lengthy articlo in last Saturday's A gc assures jis that the sun, at its present behaviour, will last another 6,000,000 years, at least. Now we breathe freely again. Tbe Postmaster-General is to be re quested by the Malvern coonoil to cause a postal pillar to be erected at Barkly avenue. Mr. J. Bykes is the prime mover in this matter. Several local people who figured pro mlnently as witnesses in the Deeming murder caso have been awarded small sums varying from £2 to £6 out of tho £100 reward fund offered by tho Government. A man named Alfred Reynolds was fined 208\. with -2s. costs at the St, Kilda court yesterday for riding on a sideboaid of a railway carriage before it entered the Middle Park station. Defendant idid not appear. Sir M. H. Davies left for Loudon on Monday' upon urgent business connected with the ' affaire of the English and Australian Mortgage Bank. Sir Matthew will be absent from tbe colony about six months. In connection with the Victorian Sunday school Union, Mr. H. A. Crouch, a teacher in the Prahran Congregational school, sccurcd second place in the order of merit in the outline lesson competition for teachers. An enjoyable sacred concert was given at Christ. Churoh, St. Kilda, on Wednesday evening, when tbc cantata, ' Under the Palms,' was rendered by a chorus of upwards of 100 voices in a highly credit able manner. In rogard to the forthcoming sale of work in connection with the Prahran j Y.W.C.A. we are requested to state that contributions of work will be thankfully rccclvcd by the secretary at No 13 Cecil street, Prahran. Dr. Percy Wisewould, M.B., C.M., sur geon and homoeopathic physician, starts : practice at Prahran on the first June— a hearty welcome, sir ; and may your success prove as satisfactory as the credential which you bring I Mr. M. Fergusson is the successful con tractor under the Metropolitan Board of Works for 1800 tons of wrought iron pipes for a section in the water main from Preston to South Yarra and Elsternwick, the price being £25,383. Scene— Local coart. P.M. O'Mcara : ' What— you here again, Flanagan ? This must be the twentieth time that you've besn up before me ?' Flanagan — 'Och, ycr worship, sure 'tis no f&ult; of mine that ye don't get promotion. A travelling professor of bumps has been lecturing at Prahran during the week, but the 'startling disclosures' failed to attract a sufficient number of patrons to pay for the pictures of the professor which were displayed about the city. There was very little business of impor tance transacted at the Prahran council meeting on Monday, the debate on the officer's salaries question, of which a full report is furnished in oar Wednesday's issue, being the principal item. In regard to the clcction of the Speaker of the Assembly it is worthy of note that Messrs. Gillies, Harris, Dixon andMcKinlcy voted straight for Sir Henry Wrixou. Mr. George ^Turner voted for Dent — tbe first crooked vote he has ever recorded. . Mr. J. K. Kcnshciwood, M.A., president of the Biblical Institute, conducted a successful children's service at the Paking- | ton-street Christian Chapel, St. Kilda, cn Sunday afternoon last, there being a good attendance of children and adults. In conncction with the Hon. G. Turner's recent smoke-night at St. Kilda, there arc still several things many a* fellah fails to understand. Where that bjx of cigars went, is one problem, ani how those bottles of whisky got to the fire-station is another. In the Connty Court on Tuesday Mr. John Carroll, dairjman, of Malvern, sued Messrs. Laudehr Bros., contractors, for jGIC damages for injuries to his horse and trap, caused by some pipes being left iu the road, a vcrdict for £14, with costs, being recorded. A tramway on the clcctric. principle is 'some day' to connect Clupel-strect, Prahran, with tlrj shire hall, Malvern, Mr. Muntz, C.B., having iniic a sutvey, ivbich has been forwarded to by the Tramway Company to ascertain its co3t of constructon on the clc:tric plan. ' Driaking baffles us, confounds us shames us, and mocks us at every point, it outwits alike ths teacher, the man of business, the patriot and the legislator. Every other institution flounders in hope less difficulties ; tbe public-house holds its triumphant coursc.' — The Times. 'It was amusing to see a Prahran city father cross-qnestioning his worshipful the mayor, who was called as a witueEB in an : on Tuesday. The trnth is, these two legal gentlemen don't love each other to ^ny great extent, and they mt^kc no sccrct of the fact. There is a little row going quietly on anent the hall in the Prahran market, which the Board of Health refuse to pass on tbc ground that tbe means of ingress and egress are insufficient and that tbe ventilation is faulty. Mr. Chas. D'Ebro has been asked by the council to explain why this is thus. The Malvern councillors arc very proud of their president's handsome contribution to the shire, the turret clock, and for fear of derangement or incidental mishap, Mr. Gaunt, the Bourke-street jeweller, has been contracted with to wind up the instrument once a week, and attend to its machinery, for £18 per annum. Mr. D. S. Oakley, of 54 Toorak-road, South Yarra, offers a reward of £1 for the address of the person who kindly cashed a £10 note for Mr. Oakley, senior, of Bcndigo-sticot, on or about (he 8th April last. The change is all right, and Mr. Oakley isan^ious to obtain the inform ition merely to fix upon a certain date. Mr. Benjamin Cowdcroy, the first chair man of the municipality of St. Kilda, is amongst tbe list of officials who have to take up their beds nnd walk so far as the Civil Sorvicc is concerned. Mr. Coivdvmv performed the duties of valuer in the cn gincer-in chief s office in the railway de partment, receiving nsalaryof £T.'-0 a year. It is with regret wc record the death of Mrs. Wesslink, wife of the manager of the Federal bauk, Prahran, which sad event occurrcd on Wednesday mornine the causc of death being heart disease. The remains wore interred in the Melbourne general cemetcry ou Thursday, and a lnrge number of friends paid their lost tribute of rcspcct Mr. Bent 1ms buen congratulated by his fellow councillors at Brighton on his elevation io the Speakership. Keplying to the nice things said of him, Tommy de clared tlint had never gained one penny in &u; improper manner, although sovereigns had been held out to fnducc him to depart from an honourable coursc.' Wc smile ) One of the principal attractions on Queen's birthday will be the National Carnival in the Exhibition building and grounds where there will be racing and bicycle sport*, in' which the celebrated Donegan family will app?ar. There will 1 ikewise be concerts, afternoon and evening, and other entertainments. Mr. R. Donovan is the promoter. The thirty-first anniversary of the Loyal Windsor Lodge, G.C.O.O.F., will be cde brated as usual by a concert, soiree, and ball, tbe date , being fixed for Wednesday, GUi July. Those ?wbo havo such pleasant reminiscences' of former gatherings of this kind wilUook iorwardto tho event with interest. Mr. T. Yt. Kendall is acting aa hon. secretary . . . A suggestion had been made by the Richmond councillors in regard to the construction of the Burnley-street and WiUiams-road bridge. It is ' that Prahran, being so anxious to have the brldgo erected, should finance monetary matters, and allow Richmond a term oE yeare to pay their proportion.' Now, then, Cr. Joqes, pntonyon'r war-paint. ? _ Two men named Jas. and Robert Kennedy -were prosecuted for craelty to a horse at the St. Kilda court yesterday. It seems tbfc horse, whiob was the property of Owen Kennedy, livery stable keeper, of fnkennan-strcct, 'St, Kilda, was a. bit of a lib, and to punish him he was on -the 4th lost, unmercifully thrashed around a ring. The case was dismissed. About 10 o'clock on Thursday night a fire broke out in an occupied six-roomed weatherboard cottage, the property of Mr, J4 Brady, in Blenheim-street, Balaclava. Although only about 200 yards from the fire station, the local brigade were unable to find the fire plug for about twenty minutes, during' which time the flames had almost demolished the building. The absurdity of ? the brigades not having a chart, showing the position of the fire plugs of . the city was once more apparent Tbc whole of the furniture, together with the principal I portion of tjie house, was destroyed. The | building and contents were insured, , \- Mr. Alexander Ballantyne announces that !' he will open at 271 Chapel- street, Prahran, on Thursday next, with a well assorted i stock of tea and dairy produce, which will be offered at wholesale prices for cash. The premises are being nicely fitted up and the shop promises to prove a success. . Mr. George Mudie, grocer, of Greville street, Prahran, reports that he was robbed on the night of the 18th inst., in a lane off Bourke-street, near the Theatre Hoyal, of a gold watoh, gold chain and nugget attached, gold pin with amytbesb stone; and 50 eovs. The victim was intoxicated^ and was not aware of the robbery until some time after its perpetration. Messrs. O'Brien and Co., house, land, and estate agents, 8G0 Chapel-street, South Yarra, have an announcement on this page. The firm havb recently established them selves in this district, and alread} tbey have secured a good connection, which augurs well for their future suocesB. They are the local agents for the old- established Norwich Union Fire Insurance Company. Cr. Robinson, at the Malvern council meetiog on Tuesday evening, referred to the fact that Mr. Muntz's engagement as shire engineer would shortly expire, and he wished to know whether it was not advis able to take steps towards appointing a permanent resident engineer. At the suggestion of the president, however, the matter was postponed until next meeting. Our Wednesday's issue contains a report of the meeting of ratepayers and other matters in conncction with .the Prahran officers salaries question ; also 11 Scicnce in the Pulpit,' comprising a report of the Rev. T. J. Malyon's elucidation of the book of Genesis ; likewise, reports of several im portant local police court cases, football , and cricket news, and numcroas other items of interest. On Wednesday evening last, at about nine o'clock, a fire broke out in a weather board cottage on tbe South Bcach, St. Kilda, owned and occupied by Mrs. Agnew. Tbc two local contlngcnts of the Metro politan. Fire Brigade were promptly in attendance, but could render little aid owing to the ab9cucc of plugs in the neighbourhood ; and the building was ' totally destroyed. Constable McCorry, of Prahran, whos^ illness v-e referred to last week as being the cause of his being invalided by the police authorities, did not live long to enjoy his pension, hav ing succumbed ou Monday last to the disease from which lie suffered. McCorry was a smart and rising young officer, and his early death is regretted by Lis many admirers in this district. The expense entailed by individual municipalities iu maintaining tbc fire brigades board system is, according to Cr. Robinson, of Malvern, out of proportion to its usefulness. President M'Kiulcy, how ever, argues that the bo.ird has a negative value, and if the sbire is free from fires nnd docs not require the assistance of the i'rigades so much the belter for Malvern, and - the insurance companies. The well-known Paris House drapery emporium at 237 Chapel-street, Prahran, which has been closed for some weeks past, re-opens to-day, Mr. Thomas Grundy being the new proprietor. Mr. Grundy is a shrewd and energetic business man. and he means to work up a good conncction by keeping a well-assorted stock and selling it at the very lowest remunerative prices. Our readers will do well to visit the estab lishment. Lloyd's Wechhj London, Xciosjiaper, possibly the largest penny weekly published in the world, pictures our Windsor, the latest scene of Decming's exploits, as ' a fashionable place closc to 6t. Kilda, but standing a little inland and having 2500 inhabitants.' It is also described as being 'built on a hill and subject to floods,' while it has 'several good bnstness houses, many schools, and two fine bridges over the Hawkesbury river and South Creek.' At the last meeting of the Prahran, South Yarra and Toorak Crvcltc it was reported that 220 children hi^d been cared for during the preceding month, the expenditure for that period being £1) IGa. lOd. Donations of household necessities have been received from Mrs, Purbrick, Mrs. Hughes, nnd Mrs. Fuller. As the winter advances, warm clothing is very much needed, and the com mittee will be glad to receive offerings of this kind as well as any other tbe generously inclined may feel disposed to give. There lives a smart fellow not a hundred miles from Carlisle-street, Balaclava. The smart man — A wc will call him— takes a house on a lease, and allows B and his wife to inhabit it. Mrs. B owns the furniture Hard times come, also bailiffs from land lord. A says : ' I have nothing ; Mrs. B owns the furniture.' Mrs. B. swears an affidavit to that effect. Result— smart man triumphant ; bailiffs and landlord cussing those who made a law rendering such a swindle legal. Ser^oug complaints arc being made «6 tr, thcunsuiiability of ihc Malvern reserve for impounding cattle. The place, it isalleged, has been used as a niphtsoil depot and burial ground for dead stock. A number of cows that died from pleuro- pncnmonia hare been buried there, and a small creek crossing the paddock collccis the drainage from this soil, impounded catile drinking the water. It is intended to enter a protest against the further use of this placc ns a pound on tbc groundn of risk of contamination. A statement of receipts ahd expenditure in conncction with tbe Prahran Peony Cab League has been published for the two months from the 7th March to the Tth May. Receipts from donations nnd subscriptions amount to £202 0a. Ihl., while a balance of £9 l)s. 7d. is io hand, making the expendi ture for the period named £192 lis. 2d. The cabmen's 6ub-idies, timekeepers' and other expenses absorbed ilfifl 13s. Tbc number of passengers cirried is set down as :i.-»,0f»0, giving a weekly average of 3,S7.V5. The busiucss of that unfortunate concern, known as the Red Cross Preserving Com pany, South Yarra, was again inquired into oa Tuesday in the Insolvency Court, when it was shown to have been in a chronic state of insolvency for several years past, having crawled along on the back of the Mercantile Finance and Agency Company, bnt dull times closing this aveuue of artifi cial support', the Rsd Cross liosglvcn up the ghost, and our friend, Mr. R. R Felstcaid, is under examination, 'explaining the tranactions.' Miss Topping, the well known dross maker and milliner, has oo reason to com plain of the dull times, her business having expanded to such an extent as to necessitate removal to more commodions premises at 200 CbapeUtreet, Prahran, where her numerous patrons .will , find increased advantages. -Miss Topping, having secured the services of a first-class dressmaker, inti mates to her patrons and the ladies generally that perfect fit and style jis guaranteed equal to any city house, and at half the cost . .. ? .. The Prahran court was occupled all Thursday morning in listening to the details of a family quarrel between the Simpsons, the Kents, and the Maddens, who are all closely related. A row ensued on Sunday evening, 8th inst, at the residence of Mr. Simpson , senior, owing to the latter's wife, who had died the previous day, being buried without several members of the family being acquainted with the sad news. The row culminated in several assaults and a number of charges were the result at the court on Thursday. All cases were dismissed. Mr. A. Townsend, pianist, of St. Kilda, gnvc a complimentary dsnceat the Queen *6 Hall, off Inkcrman-ctrcct, £t. Kilda, ion Thursday cvccine last, the hall being crowded with visitore who thoroughly enjoved themselves in light fantastic revelry, Mr. Townsend being congratulated on his successful efforts to please his patrons. Songs were rendered ouring tl-e evening, Messrs. Townsend and Smart supplying the instrumental music. A dance takes place at tho samo hall every Thurs day cveniug, under Mr. Townsend's man-, agement, and everything will be done to make these gatherings as selcct and enjoyable as possible. 