PgAHRANj»OUCE COURT. Thursday, July 7. Before-Mftsrs batemau (chairman), Sykes, Ellis, Church, Michell; and Hielop, ?)'-.?? MISCELLANEOUS. Elizabeth Gm-dor, vliarged with having no visible in ins of support, was -lis- clmrged. Edmond Page, charged with unlawful oBRauIt on, and threatening me me oo. jobn Hnncock, was fined 10s or three days. J DESERTION. EtntDBline 11. Solvin v. Jno. N. Solvin. Charge deserting his three children. Ordered to pay 7s per week for their support. Alice Green was charged with having no lawful visible means of support, and remanael George Kilfoyle, Agnes Gearey, and I Alice Green, were charged with breaking '' into the house of J. Penrcan, and stealing theiefrom jewellery and money to the vnlue of £40, on the 18th June. Ali-o, in tlie same Ptreet, George Ki'foyle was charged with breaking iuto the dwelling house of J- D. Harrison, and stealing therefrom gold shirt-studs aud silk hand kerchiefs. Breaking into the shop of Deegan Bros, and stealing therefrom one cheese and other propeity, valued at £5, on the 23rd June. Stealing an overcoat, the property of Herbert Vale, on the 17th June. Remanded for a week. BITTEN BY A DOG. James Spike v Benjamin Jones. Mr Baynor for plaintiff, and Mr Scevens for defendant. Plaintiff claims £20 damages for injuries received through defendant's dog, and dcsciibed himself as a nightman, and having received the injuries while in the execution of his duty as such. Dr Cohen, Brighton, being called, said the injury was tojdefendaiit's left hand, who therefore could not follow up his work, aB it would very likely have resulted in blood poisoning. James Spike, a colored person, said he was opening the gate, when defendant's dog flew up, and bit him on the hand, and he continued hiB work for the night under difficulties. Had to pay a man £2 10s to take his place, as he was laid up for a week. Henry Rider, city inspector, deposed that plaintiff'6 duty is to go on his rounds between 6.30 and 11 p.m. Defendant's solicitor said his client was quite at liberty to keep a dog in these times. The bench remaiked that in the case of the Elbternwick ghost knocking about, it was juet as well that he should be given a warm reception. Defendant's solicitor said dogs had an especial prejudice against colored gentry, as well.as Chinamen, and therefore it was more than likely that the plaintiff would prove an attraction. The Bench ' Do you maintain that, if a nightman puts his hand to a latch to open a door lie is to be viewed in the light of an intruder? Mr Stephens — Most certainly he should if he tried to open a gate without duly knocking before trying to do so. Defendant, Benjamin Jones, eaid plain tiff was in the habit of calling between 10 and 10.30, and on tnis evening plaintiff called about 8-30, and the fhst notice he bad of his presence was the dog barking. Went out and tied the dog up, but plaintiff said, ' It's too late now, the dog has bitten me. I may be laid up for a fortnight.' To the Bench — 'I think I was justified, in I he present state of affairs, in keeping the dog loose for the protection of my property. Verdict for plaintiff for £6 4s 6d, and £3 3s coats. Stay for 7 days allowed. ADVERTISING THE RAILWAYS. Caileton Irvine was charged with travelling with a wrong ticket on the 12th June, the ticket having been issued on the day previous. Pined 10s, with £1 Is COBtB. THRASHING A LAD. Chaa Massina v Selina Lane. Plaintiff, aged 11 years, said he was ;oing along the street, when he met a lad (Curly-haired Biddy), and stopped to play with him, when defendant gave him a thrashing, t s she said he had spit in her little boy's fnce. Defendant, Selina Laos, said she thrashed the youngster on the place which be sits upon, and that the beating would not have killed a mosquito if it had hap peaed to get there, in consequence of his having spit in her boy's face. Fined 10s, and £1 6s costs, the Bench lemarking that the proper course was for defendant to have gone and seen plaintiff's father1 and not take the law into her own hands. 