AQUATICS. Bowing: Notes. By Tbideni. : The provisional committee to carry oat the -National Regatta met last week, and, as it was evi dent the support extended to the committee was not 'very strong, it was decided, on the suggestion of the -chairman, Mr. E. W.Knox, to disband the committee with a view of allowing some other body of men to take the matter up. Should the yachtsmen fail to proceed with the arrangements it is almost certain ?that a third attempt will be made to cany on ; but; no time is to lie lost, otherwise the success of the Tegatta will be very doubtful. Bowing dobs may .safely form crews for races each as dave been on the programmes olpastyears- andso be ready to start work as soon as the matter is finally settled. Several letters have appeared in the daily press setting forth reasons why the regatta has gone down. In my opinion there are several reasons. The want of pecuniary support is the chief reason, and another is to be found in the -counter attractions, such as horse-racing, picnics on the harbour, intercolonial cricket. Some years ago, liberal and numerous donations were forthcoming, but now the funds are collected in small amounts by . a hard- working few. In 1874 the regatta almost f till through, and only about six races appeared on the programme. Again in 1889, the regatta was only a struggling concern. On Saturday afternoon last, at Maclean, on the Clarence River, a handicap in best boats was rowed over a course of two miles. After going a half-mile Finnessy led, with Gruer and Sullivan following about a half-length 'behind. Croese, starting from scratch, had caught Gruer and .Finnessy in the mile, but four of the boats were very close together, and Sullivan had a slight lead. Rearing home, Croese caught Sullivan, and a desperate race took place , until within 100 yards of the finish, when Croese had . outrowed the New Zealander and drew away, winning a splendid race. Gruer was the second to finish, and neither Sullivan, Cormack, nor Finnessy were able to row the course out. The race is described as a grand one throughout. Croese rowed the short outrigger built by C. Nielsen. The- winner was so distressed at the end- of the race that he had to be assisted out of his boat. I have always considered Croese as the ' 'best man of his weight weAa've seen. He rows re markflbly good lorm, and *s one of the pluckiest finishers that ever sat in a boat. - T. Croese, lOst Sib (scratchy ... ? 1 A. Gruer, list 8lb (8 lengths)... ? ... 2 Other starters : T. Sullivan, list 51b (3 lengths) ; A. Cormack, list (6 lengths) ; P. J. FinnesBy, 12st 71b (7 lengths). The prize-money was £25. The champion eight- oar race of South Australia was rowed last Saturday on the Port River. The Adelaide club was first, Port Adelaide second, and University fourth. The race was a splendid one, and was won by about 3ft. . At the Queensland Bowing Association Regatta, held on Saturday last, M. Slack won the champion ' sculls. Only; 'One crew dame to the start for the ' champion fours, which was, therefore, hot rowed. A programme of sports promoted by Mr. E. J. Banks, of Eushcutter Bay, took place on Saturday ' afternoon last, with the following result :— ? 'First Race, open to oil boats, best and best, prize trophy. — Our Tom (W. Stannard), 2 minutes, I a Wild Wave -B. 'Walker), 3 miiratcs,-2.- ? -Otter entries : Susie, scratch ; Iris and Ghost, 3 minutes ; Dolphin, 10 minutes. Handicaps '? were given afrfte start. 'Our Tom soon took the lead and won comfortably. All Comers in light Skiffs ; prize, silver cup. — ILJIes- sengertl; C. Messenger, 2. Bowing Bace amongst boats belonging' to E. .T. Banks's Shed ; prize, £2.— Firet heat ; T. JJurk, feather, 1 ; F. Brown, 10lb., 2 ; other starters. Pitman and J. Since. Second heat: V. Carlson, 701b., 1; M. Burke, 201b., t ; other starter, J. Brown, feather, final beat : F. Brown, 1 ; T. Burke, 2; V. Carlson, 3. Carkon was fouled twice by M. Burk, otherwise be would have won comfortably. A Tub 1'acc also appeared on the programme, but the entries ?wore insuflioipnt. . Mr. IE. ?Crosbie, as hon. secretary, had uitu-gv ui mi unangcnuaus. The Bahnain Bowing Chib successfully brought to a termination the final rounds of their Handicap Skiff Eace last Saturday afternoon. The following were the results : — First beat : A. Orton, 05 seconds, 1 ; H. Fox. 150 seconds. 2 ; H. Waites, HO seconds, 3. Second heat: E. Spooncr, 110 seconds, 1; A. Boulton, ISO seconds, 2 ; Geoige Grimm, 110 (seconds, 3, ? Tbufl heat : W. Bead, 110- seconds, 1; George Bayley, « 120 seconds, 2 ; T. Cosgrove, 189 seconds, 3. : Final heat: E. Spooner.-HO Beoonds.l; W. Bead, 010 seconds, 2; A. Orton, 65 seconds, 3. 