SCEATCHINGS IN THE CITY BY A PENCIL. That every line whicli written here may l»e Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought: That cat; or thrust or lend approving cheer, Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. It is intended that, immediately after the Premier makes his policy speech in the Assembly this (Tuesday) afternoon, the debate upon it shall be adjourned until Wednesday. Then some very warm state ments will be heard in continuation of the hostile discussion which the Ministry had to endure when they first met the House; and I should not wonder if Mr. Cohen were again one of the most prominent speakers. He has been very badly treated during this crisis. j It is rather late in the day to mention '? the incident, but I ought to have said j before that the circumstances of the defeat j of iiie Playford Ministry have been instanced by some superstitious auld folk as a proof of the ill-luck of the fateful number 13, and of the baneful Friday. "The dead Government gave up the ghost on a Friday, on a division in which 52 (4 times 13) members were represented by person or by pairs, in a Parliament which is the thirteenth in the history of the colony, and under the regime of a Governor who is the thirteenth in the viceregal succession." I am sorry to have to add that this chain of coincidences is weak in one lihkj-at any rate; Lord Kintore is not the thirteenth Governor of South Australia. The churches are having a boom. In the Anglican church cathedral a "golden offering" is being taken, and consequently -I have not visited that place of worship lately! The bishop showed his knowledge of human nature when he advertised that on the first night of the golden performance the receipts would be taken to a batik, with which special arrangements had been made to lock up the money. That is an excellent double-shotted business idea which at once arouses the enthusiasm of the prospective givers, and dejects any saereligious thief who might .have been arranging a raid upon the cathedral treasury at the end of the "offering." When the services were continued on Sunday, however, nothing was said about the bank deposit arrange ments, and one does not know what con clusion he ought to draw from such silence. ~ Had a bank clerk to go to work to take the money, or did the church people decide to runthe risk of robbery on Sunday night? By one line in his advertisement, the good bishop completed the proof of his essential right to be called an excellent business man. He showed that he is not proud, as hesaid in effect "If you can't give gold, you know, silver, and even copper^ will be devoted to the same purpose.*' That purpose is the completion of the cathedral extensions, which are now beginning to make a difference in the land scape northerly of the centre of the city. The other church boom is Methodistic and revivalistic. A fine old Wesleyan Christian, John Watsford, has begun in the Pine-street Wesleyan Church a crusade against the devil and all that is the devil's; and he has taken up his mission with energy and spirit which are really marvellous con sidering his age. As an old hard-cased pressman, who sees in the world every day of his life greater and greater reason to be cynical, I suppose I ought not to take much interest in what the churches do; but this work of Mr. Watsford has undoubtedly re-vitalised many slow blooded and heavy-heeled Christians in Adelaide, and I am honestly glad of it. One part of the rev. gentleman's speech on Friday night was intensely dramatic. Speaking of a Pentecostal visitation in which he and an Anglican clergyman named Grubb were concerned, he remarked " Mr. Grubb said, .the . Lord would give him all the money needed to carry on his work, and sometimes people had money and the Lard told them to give. Not another word was -saidpress anybody to. give. One jnan rose from his j»lacejand,put - a--handful of silver on the table,,another gold;: ,:Then,«ame promisee for cheques for sumsranging up to. .£120. Others gave their watches, and I counted no less than between: twelve r and twenty gold: watches onthe table. Ladies tookoff their ear-rings and the gentlemen their finger rings, until within a half-hour there had been contributed .£1,100." ; fti iny es^erience money is tjhe last thing, a^Christian will part with. Such an inei- : dent.68rthis is therefore sufficient: testi monial to the -excellence of the work-of Mrl Grubb and his. coadjutor. . If Mr, Wats ford should r,<WiJy truly converthalf a dozen larrikins, stud put a ,little, more grace into a few loealjireachers whom I might name, he will, do more good than -the Parliament has done, for some .time. 1 Everybody who is anybody went to the theatre on Saturday night to hear the witty and clever Frenchman, " Max O'Beli," whose appearance and whose speech are as 1 polished as his writing. "Max" dined j with the Governor on Saturday evening, j and then went with His Lordship and Her i Ladyship and Sir W. Robinson and his ' daughter to the place of entertainment, i where the audience thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The street-crowd like for the I Governor to go to the theatre, because his visit attracts " society." For His Lordship's use a red carpet is put down from the top of the staircase along .the path, and the theatre people make the Governor's party walk upon that carpet. Z don't know why they make them do it, unless it is because they are afraid of the Government House j boots soiling the floor and the ordinary carpet. That can't be the reason either, because other folk are not compelled to walk upon a special piece of carpet on their I way to the dress circle. It is not fair to j limit the liberty of the Governor and his j suite in this way. TTia boots are not "atiy j dirtier than other people's. Sir "W. Robinson, by the by, is on the way back to Western Australia, where he left Lady Eobinson months ago whilst he went to England. His Excellency and Her Ladyship have not been able to spend much time in company for some years now, owing to the exigencies of the public service.. There was undoubtedly never a better governor in South Australia than Sir William Robinson, hardly as some of our people criticised bim at one time; and if ever that really able and patriotic,- though misunderstood gentleman, 'should' need a character to enable him to obtain a fresh situation, "Peneil" will be glad to give him. one. It is not unlikely that; before these notes are published, the Broken Hill miners may be out on strike. I sincerely hopenot, chiefly for their own sake. According to what I hear, they are certain to be beaten veiy badly, and they will have little public sympathy, because no vital principle is involved in the fight, from the point of view publicly explained. If unconscientious men will not work their full lime on the day-labor system when they are honestly paid to work it, they must be compelled to earn their wages by contract. The pity ife. that their wrong- doing my ultimately cause the good men, who are in the majority, to suffer. 