Something Moving By WANDERING ONE. I am off wandering again on Monday the 24th inst, this time in the direction of the Gawler. I am mounted this trip instead of being in the buggy, I prefer the latter now- adays, still I have a good old mount under me, though he's not a big'un he's all life, and what is very rarely to be met with, a born ambler. As I go up the North Motton road I notice that some road mending has been done, but I have dealt with this matter in another place, so need not go over the same ground again. As I go along I note that Mr W. N. McDonald is still improving his land near Burt's Creek, he has built a small cot- tage since I was by last. I intended to have called in as I went by, but I left it until my return, so missed seeing him altogether. I see Mr Von Stieglitz is clear- ing up his paddock, haviug put in a strip round the fence with oats, I believe he has also broken up some towards Capt. Burt's. I think I should have cut all the rubbish down in the paddock and put grass in it. The Cordial Factory is now empty, but which is spoken of as the site of the future Butter Factory. Round the Gravel Hill, I notice that the road has been metalled, but not blinded. It is I believe better not to blind the metal, as it sets down better, but it makes terribly rough road, while it is setting, and of course teams will not go on it to grind it down if they can escape it. Before leaving Gravel Hill, I may men- tion that there is a grand looking crop of peas on Captain Burt's land, on the hillside opposite. Passing the snug homesteads of Cornhill and Belmont, the properties of the pioneering family of Frampton, on the left hand side, one is struck with the beautiful appearance of the grain and the grass, the only blot upon the beauty of the scene, being the presence of the weather bleached old fire-blacked skeletons, of what were once the monarchs of the forest, which reared their leafy crests erect in the morning sun, or proudly waved their bright green branches in the breeze, and which now look as though their ghosts were come in revenge, to spoil by their weird presence, the glorious verdure of oats, and wheat, or of grass, which was only possible through their destruction. Mr Partner's crop on the other side of the road also looks very well. As I pass along up the Gawler road I notice Mr E. French busy logging up a piece of ground for potatoes. Mr French is best known in the town as Secretary to the Odd Feliows Sports Committee, he is also Secretary to the Ploughing match exhibition and shows ability, courtsey and zeal in both capacities that would do credit to a Bagot or a Byron Moore. I notice among Mr French's cattle two very nice cows, a Hereford and a Devon, and both I should say pure bred, or very nearly so. The ground is very broken here abouts, and is also somewhat patchy, bands of light poor looking stuff alternating with rich chocolate soil. I see some nice lambs on Mr Charles Rockliff's, which suggest mint sauce and green peas. Mr R. McCulloch has a fine site for a residence catching the morning sun. I do not know to whom the credit is due of leav- ing the belt of scrub opposite Mr A. Chilcott's uncut, they deserve great credit whoever it was, as there is too little attention paid to shelter in this part of the colony. Perhaps the newly constituted Board of Agriculture will move in the direction of educating the farmers and others up to, to the necessity of providing shelter against the cutting winds of winter and the scorching heat of summer, as both heat and cold will be felt more and more as the trees are cleared off the land. Mr Chil- cott has some potatoes through the ground, but there are a great many wild oats coming up with them, they want the hoe among them. What was formerly the racecourse, is now occupied by Mr M. Murray, and a good part of it has a very good looking crop of oats just coming up, while the remainder is being put in with potatoes. I remember one or two very decent race-meetings on this course, the first year or two I was at Ulver- stone, and there was an enjoyable little meeting there last May, got up by some Abbotsham and Castra sports- men, but it is too far out of the way, and the road is too hilly to get to it. I hear a whisper, that there is a movement on foot towards forming a Club or Company and acquiring and clearing up the course at the Clayton Rivulet, which is the only site that I know of suitable. I pass Bart Counsel's but I do not stop going up, but at once push up to Mr W. T. Hing- ston's, on the next section but one, Mr L. Counsel's coming in between. I find Mr Hingston at home, and busily engaged in that, though perhaps the most laborious, still in many respects the most satisfactory of all the bush settler's work, — logging. I say the most satisfactory, because it must be a source of satisfaction to see the ground gradually get more and more clear of timber, and when you have put together a big log and burnt it, to know that it will never trouble you again, whereas when one is cut- ting down scrub, he knows that in a year or two he will want to go over it again, or it will be all grown up again. Although Mr Hingston is not one of the old pioneers of the district, he has his full share of the hard work that attaches to a settler's life, but I must say that the work that he has done is there to show for itself and what he has done has not had to be done over again. When he came to the place between 4 and 5 years ago, there was about 30 acres scrubbed, and none of it had ever been cleared up for the plough, though some may have been chipped in, and worse than all, there was not the vestige of a building. Now there is a dwelling sufficiently commodious and imposing looking, for a Midland squatter's residence, with garden and orchard to corres- pond, a good breadth of land cleared up thoroughly, and put under cultivation, and all the land scrubbed and sown to grass, with the exception of some 14 or 15 acres, which is being cut down now. Mr Hingston was formerly a resident of Scottsdale, but it ap- pears that he got past the good land, having taken up a section near where Mr. C. S. But- ton's brewery stands now, no wonder there- fore that he got tired of it. The house which is most convenient in its interior arrange- ments, as well as having an attractive ex- terior, stands on a hill, from which a grand view can be obtained in every direction but that it does not suffer from the cold, though being so high, is shown by the fact that a mag- nificent cloth of gold rose, trained against one of the walls, has been blossoming all the winter. And here I might make a digression, and ask whether the produce of some of our flower gardens could not be utilised for the making of scents, I do not think any part of the world could beat the North West Coast for growing flowers, but I suppose we must wait until the population gets thicker, before anything is done in this direction, the same will apply to growing medicinal herbs, and many other things, but I think it will be the duty of the Board of Agriculture to watch for any opening for any fresh industry, whereby the farmer can add to his income, or that will render that income less precar- ious. Mr Hingston has a nice little orchard planted out, and has another piece of land adjoining available, but he is prudently waiting to see how the fruit pays him, before planting it out. He believes in giving plenty of room between the trees, so as to be able to work the land between them, I forget whether he said he planted them 25 or 30 feet apart, I think the former, he digs a space about four feet square round every tree, and by ploughing among them, all the ground is moved. Unlike many of the settlers in the bush, Mr Hingston is a thorough believer in having plenty of shelter. Many of the settlers have such a struggle with the timber that they almost look upon a tree as a natural enemy, but my host has planted a considerable number of pines, poplars, blue gums, etc., round the homestead, and among other things has a very fine Wellingtonia. He has also planted out a good extent of white thorn or hawthorn, some of which four years old, is now almost thick enough to make a fence of itself. Mr Hingston grows a bit of linseed always for the calves in the winter, there is some looking very well in tho garden that looks very well, its pretty blue flowers making it quite an ornament. The children have a plot of garden each, but I think from the size of some of them, notably one sturdy little fellow, who frater- nised with me as soon as I rode up, and told me he was "well", that they must do their .gardening by deputy. At any rate the little patches look very well, and a special feature in them is the dis- play of pansies. On one of the peach trees there is the complaint that causes the leaves to curl, I'm not sufficient of a poinol- ogist to know if it is the "curculio." I recom- mend Mr Hingston to send a specimen to the Government Entomologist. I notice a very simple yet ingenious device for keeping rats and mice out of a hay stack. The blocks upon which the straddle, or frame that holds the stack, rests are covered each with a ker- osene tin which effectually prevents the ro- dents from climbing up into the stacks. The dairy is one of the features of the place, though there are no new appliances to be met with, save that care has been taken to keep it perfectly cool, by erecting other buildings on those sides of it upon which the sun shines, so as to shelter it. There are ten cows milked, and the butter is taken to Devonport and sold to private customers. 