Hawaiian Superstitions. JL Verandah Chaim BT BELLE OSBOURNS. “ What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are 1” says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen; “ if they hare the toothache, and it rains, why, heaven weeps in sympathy ; if the little keiki.steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry.” “They never seem to think,”says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, “ that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove I this would be a pretty damp place to live in 1” I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely the most beautiful tiee that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. “ Yes,say, reflectively—bang 1 falls a mango ol7 the roof—“ they are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries : don’t you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies’ houses?” •‘What’s that for?” from the ham mo ck. “ It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough ; but as sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas “ And what might a kahuna be ?” “Oh, those kahunas!” Joe gives an im patient kick; “ they make me tired I They do the awfulest things! They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, arid everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the lire and gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig—” ', It is always a black pig,” I interrupt. “ and then they go to sleep and pretend to dream.” “Who’s telling this story?”—a man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife—“ When he finishes his mummery with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot and applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don’t know.” “ The strangest thing to me.” I remark, in a meek snubbed way, “ is the anaana." “ I’ve heard of that,” said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; “ but do you really be lieve it ?” “ Believe it I Why, the kahunas have, in their power every Kanaka irt the kingdom. T£ they suspect the priest going to anaana . them, or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king’s horses, or all the king’s men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them.” ‘‘Well, you know,” from Joe, “Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely power less to save a man who is being prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, but they prove their-side of the • argument by giving up the ghost.” “ I remember when our ship was at Hilo,” raid the navy officer, “ we heard of a native ^politician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket, He paid a kahuna a lot of money to anaana'them. The three rnen defied him for a time, and swag gered'about, pretending not to care, but they gave right up to the first ailment they had ; ■ one died of a cold, another succumbed j tothemumps, and the third one simplykicked the bucket because he realised that it was ibis fate.” . “ They predicted when Like-Like was-go- j ing to die,” I chip in. “ You never saw her,: did you ? She was young, bright, gay. and the best looking of the royal family. She • dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, I and spoke English fluently. She seemed-to, be above superstition, and yet she died when! they said sbe would.” ■“ And when was that ?" “ When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so. strange had-she known of , the event, but she died, and it’was after her ‘death that the steamer came in xrox Hawaii; with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her :last.” “ I wonder,” says Joe, “if the lava •flow ever. ■ yet caught Pele’s pig ?” “I know,” says the navy officer, “that Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money,* J>oi, and even dogs into the boiling lava—but I never knew she owned such* an unromantic thing as a pig.” , . . v “Ob. she dosen’t own him,” I Bay “he is the pest of her lifel She hates him. The natives say be lives in the district of Ivoua, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets bopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down the Kona side of the mountain.” “ Then how do they account for the great flow of 1SG8 that came so near destroying Hilo ?” * “ Oh that was such a blow to the missios aries 1” I say with a malicious chuckle. “ They try so hard to combat the native sup erstitions. There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used think that lava rushed down, and people ko* co run to get out of the way ; but it is Mk« a huge wave of molasses, rolling and caning, and sending out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day’s flow would have des troyed the town,” Joe laughed. “ Lord! how the people wera getting out of Hilo 1 Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and. prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could save the town.” “ They appealed to Princess Ruth,” I con tinue, “ She was the last descendant of the great Kameharaehas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when they grew frightened they sent for her, and the huge princesB—” 0 “ Dear little thing 1” laughs Joe “ She only weighed four hundered and eighty pounds 1” 0 " Well, ihey carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacrifices—” “ A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress,” said Joe. —“And appealed to the Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to. harm Hilm Then she said calmly to her servants ‘It wili stop.’ ” “ Do you know what she did?” cried Joe, enthusiastically j “ she went into a cottage-in the very teeth of the flow, and slept. There’s fruth for you. And it stopped*! The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped l And there you can see to this day the black hardened: lava only a few yards from the outskirts of Hilo.” “No wonder they are superstitious,"says i navy officer, *JAfew such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, il the missionaries would have called it super stition if the flow bad stoppeu in answer to their prayera?” J “ Don’t you remember when Prince Lun aiilo was buried?" says Joe; “that was j enough to make anybody superstitious.” “ What was that ?” the navy officer sits up, j balancing himself in the hammock so that t.he moonlight glitters on his blonde head, “l'eli i us ail about it.” '* Ting-aling—ting-a-ling?” “It's only the telephone,”I say, as I go to the instrument. “Lieutenant B. wanted on board the Adams." “ Oh, pshaw I” from the hammock. . “That ! telephone is very convenient, but it is a | nuisance sometimes—I say, please n'mr [ no oue-forty-eiglit for a carriage, will yon? and tell us about Trince Ltinalilo while it is I coming." “ Well, I say, curling up comfortably on the corner of the steps, “he was an immense favorite, you know.” “ Yes, I know—jolly fellow—heard a lot of good stories about him.” “ When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his style of burial was afterward changed, and when I his body was removed the natives asked the government for another salute of twenty four guns, to which the answer came that they had already buried him with all tne honors, and didn’t propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed bis body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were counted.’’ “Ob, take off one clap,’’saj3 the.lieuten ant, flippantly, as he looks for his hat. ‘ Well, I declare 1 is that rain ? After this moonlight, who would have thought it! Well, good-bye. Aloha nui, as the natives say.” “ Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see 1 Heaven weeps in sympathy.’ ” 