THE REV. H. W. HORWILL, M.A., IN ADELAIDE. Ox Sunday evening last we found our way to the Bible Christian Cathedral Church in Franklin-street, for the purpose of hearing the Rev. H. W. Horwill, M.A., a rising young minister of the Connexion in England. Mr. HorwtU distinguished himself greatly in his Univeraaty career, and has already attained some note as a journalist. He has for some time been engaged in circuit work in England, but his health having broken down he accompanied His honor Chief Justice Way, on his tour round the world. The large church was crowded. Mr. Horwill certainly looked youthful when he entered the pulpit. He has a tall slight frame, with black hair and closely trimmed beard; his manner is easy, his voice clear, and his style quite free from artificiality. In fact sometimes Mr. Horwill goes to the other extreme, and once or twice on Sunday evening his remarks caused an evident sensation amongst his hearers. His prayer was couched in simple conversational language, and he talked with God as a man talketh with his friend. Mr. Horwill's text was from Zech. iv, 6, the words being " Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit eaith the Lord." He said the work of their own and of 1 all Missionary Societies was to transform the'world : to turn it upside down. How could this be done. The text taught that it was to be done, not by a power which the world regarded as invincible, but by a power which the world did not-believe to exist. In the estimation of the British Nation the three strongest things were Physical force, Money, and Intellect; any one of these was regarded as powerful, but combined they were invincible. The British people wor-. shiped physical force. A pugilist was looked upon as a hero ; the army and navy were considered the source of Englands greatness, and war was looked upon as a specific for all troubles. It was a good thing sometimes to remember that the man who said Providence was always on the side of the strongest battallions, had died an exile and a prisoner. There were some people who were anxious to save the world by a Bort of eoupjffetat; to make people Christians by force; but people could not be coerced into, doing their duty, and an obedience which was forced was of no value. , Another thing worshipped in English society was money. It now usurped the place once held by birth and breeding. There never was a time when people made such haste to be rich. He had been informed that in the recent census in Australia several persons set down their religion as £ s. d. Money had its value and use in christian work, and he said, all honor to those who freely give their wealth to Christ's cause. Money was,, however, a broken reed to lean upon in religious matters. Money might erect a structure of bricks and mortar, but it could never build up a church. Money was not the chief thing needed, and they should not condescend to immoral means to obtain it. The church might be insolvent, yet God would not be bankrupt. In the early church the only financial genius went out and hanged himself. There was also the worship of intellect. It was not in the French Revolution alone that men bowed down to reason. Men should cultivate their powers of mind. The foolishness of preaching, or the foolishness of the thing preached, did not mean foolish preaching. Many of the men whom God had selected to do His work were cultured men, as Paul, Luther, Wesley ; yet intellect without the grace of God was sheer weakness and impotence. Since physical force, money, intellect could not transform the world, what force was there which could do it 1 The force which could tnrn the world upside down was the Spirit of the Lord. Some might ask could the Spirit of the Lord be depended upon as a regular force always operating equally ? The idea that the aid of the Holy Ghost could only be obtained occasionally was misleading. We were not to expect outward visible manifestations, as at Pentecost. We sometimes forgot that we were living after Pentecost, not before it. There was no command after Pentecost to pray for the Spirit, but there were scores of passages to show that the Holy Ghost was already in the Church. We were commanded to be filled with the Spirit, and God gave no command which could not be obeyed. It was not wrong, however, to pray for a fuller outpouring of the Spirit. We did Wrong when we prayed for an outpouring of the Spirit, and then closed our ears to His voice, and our hearts to His influence. How often men asked for light when they only needed to open their eyes. They ought not to excuse themselves from working on* the ground that they were waiting for some outpouring of the Spirit. Men were often languidly waiting when they should be actively working. It was the blessing of the Holy Spirit which was most needed in the Christian Church in the present day. Mr. Horwill went on to say that the Holy Ghost was needed (1) for cleansing; those who bore the vessels of the Lord shnnW ^ clean. (2) For enlightenment; there was such a thing as spiritual insight. There were many things in heaven and earth not dreamed of in our philosophy which were revealed by the Spirit. At the same time, the possession of the Spirit did not supersede the need for the study of the Scriptures. (3) To stimulate to zeal, enthusiasm, enterprise; and (4) above all, they needed the .Holy Ghost to shed the love of God abroad in Ibhcir hearts. Mr. Hot will concluded by an earnest appeal to his audience to trust less in material forces and more in the Divine Spirit. .He particularly urged young »nen to give attention to religion. It is stated that Mrs. Humphrey Ward received £20,000 for her new novel entitled 4 Tha History of David Grieve.' ' 