Al's Fair in Lovre. At .a' club. the other day a party of convivial fellows were swapping stories. One of them, a jolly blnedict, who has the reputation of playing', a mighty good game of poker, told one on him self, which exhibits presence of mind in a remarkable degree, says the Now York~ Herald. "Myi wife's family," said he, "is a veryi straight-laced one--blue Presby terians, in fact. If they had. ever had a notion that I knew the difference be tween two pair and three of a kind I shouldn't. have stood' the ghost of a chance.of winning the wife I: had 'the. good luckto capture. All's fair in .love and war, you know.. In those days :my great rival was a professor of theology in a seminary devoted to the manurac ture of parsons. To "get "to windivard of him I had to set up for something of a saint myself, and:went in strong for prayer meetings,? missionary societies, and all that sort of thing.. "One evening I had been playigiga quiet game with a few of the boys,. juit to keep my lhaudin, aniid was'rather late' in getting around to see 'Clara. I told her that' the prayert"meeting .was a mighty interesting one, :and broke ulip somewhat late.,:'I found it rather warm work .throttling , my conscience,, and pulled out my handkerchief tobliell? e cool off a ,bit., "But the temperature weiit p to a boiling point'when I ankledout'is roll'o chips and they:v:ent rblling 'over the floor in all directions. I thought ti'l thcolpgical professor would soon.hawe the field all to himself when the old man picked up one of them. ""What are these queer thig;i for, John?' said he. "I tumbledat once' to the fact that the' old man didn't know pokert chips when he saw 'em, " I spw that "I: had a fighting chance to lie out of it, and old Nick, bless him, put the right sort of a lie into my, head at once.. "'Why, said I, with's regular Sun day-school smile, 'that's 'a little idea bf my own;' I'got thdse thiiigs to put scriptural texts on to distribute' among the heathen. I think it is an ihuproioe-. ment on the pocket handkerchief idea. I got 'em in different colors to suit the tastes of the heathen; some of, thei?, you know, prefer white and some blue, and some are death on red.' I broilght 'e"m'with me'to-night to get you to help me select texts to put on 'em.' '".Clara and the old man were both :tickled to death over the idea, and as true as I'm a sinner we all stayed up till midnight, picking texts out of the 'Bible to engrave on them. I believe the business made me dead solid with the old man. "But the rub came in when I had to py.$SO.to get the texts engraved on them, 1 guess it was the first and last T.tlhagt aoriPttuialtto6 i~ero eweipatt ýon poker- chips.;ý.,... .,< ,.,.. ........ ...... W\hat became of Lboni?" asked some "They all .disappearcd mysterionu'y as soon as 1, got married. Mnaybo.el r MIcGintv rLn across theon whcn ho we *.iowii to the bottom of lie sny." 