NEED SCHOOL BE •' HORRID" TO CHILDREN ? Dr. Rice, in the FoRclrf has a very in teresting article ttjider the title, "Need School be made a Blight to Child Life !" He maintains that there is no such ne cessity, and that if education were taken in hand more sensibly, school would be more popular with the children than the playground. This, he declares, is already the case in Germany, where the Dr. visited one of, the ABC classes. He says: " When I entered, the children Were hav ing a combined language and memory les son. They were acting a fairy tale, and by means of this they learned how to speak loudly, distinctly, and correctly, en joying themselves at the same time. Next there was a drawing lesson, during which the children were instructed in the draw ing of straight lines by drawing a chair with three straight lines, a table with three lines, a picture-frame with four lilies, a window with six lines, and so on. The drawing of familiar objects amused them, so they were all delighted with their drawing lesson. Next these children spoke of their ex periences. They related what they had observed since the previous day. They spoke of the weather, and of the direction of the wind and its effect upon the wea ther ; of the temperature registered on their thermometers at home ; of the posi tion and phase of the moon ; and of . the time of the rising of the sun. The chil dren had planted seeds, and they related what progress their plants had made. Lastly, they had an arithmetic lesson, which . was interesting because it was simple and practical. •■Will Honeycomb'' writes:—ttaiiiurst is a very large city, and it bas progressed wonderfully. To an old hand, who visits it after an absence of many years, it may be that the new buildings which have gone up all round—the new streets—do not compensate for the old faces which have disappeared. But there is the fact, which sentiment canuot ignore. Two gas-works ; the prettiest park out of Syd ney; water-works, the machinery at which only have to be seen to be admired ; a gaol,—a model of its kind,—in which strict discipline to the inmates is not in consistent with courtesy to visitors—two cathedrals, and business places—such as E. Webbs' aud John Meagher & Co's.— which will hold their own with even the mammoth establishments of the metro polis. Its hotels seem very creditable, and speaking of the Royal, kept by Mr. Hurley, formerly of Guunedah, " I can honestly say it is all that a man who is fond of taking his ease yi his inn can de sire. It a good many years ago since I first knew the Royal, but I am certain that if the ghost of old Nick Read or genial ponderous Caulfield, were to revisit this sphere and hit Bathurst, neither would recognise the house. It has been completely metamorphosed. The old ramsackle establishment, where in the days agone, the military swellB used to sip their refreshments, has been suc ceeded by a hotel, abreast of the times. Bathurst,—though, perhaps, if there were less of the new Btucco and more of the old plaster I would like it better—is undoub tedly the capital of the west and must continue so. Eves Dubbo need not re scent being counted one of its suburbs. It is now currently reported in the metropolis that Sir Charles Lilley will shortly resign the Chief Justiceship, and return again to the political world. Mr. Lilley (now Sir Charles) could not in 1868 be deemed a success as leader of a constitu tional Government. Impetuous and dog matic, he found great difficulty in keeping his party together, and be was troubled with the rivalry of an effective party leader in the person of the late Mr. Macalister. Mr. LUley's ministerial career was chiefly distinguished by the commission of two unconstitutional acts, one being the aboli tion January 1, 1870, without the sanc tion of Parliament, and by mere Execu tive minute, of all fees in the public schools of the colony; the other the ac ceptance of a contract for building the steamer Governor Btackail, in Sydney, without any authority but his own indi vidual will. The latter broke up the Li beral party As a sound and industrious lawyer and just and inde fatigable' Judge, and as an old colonist, having the welfare of the people at heart, he commands, says the Courier, general the opinion of well informed men when we say that his retirement for the purpose of returning to political life wonld end in bitter disappointment to himself, and could not reasonably he hoped to prove beneficial to the country. The Hon. Patrick Greville-Nugent has been committed for trial upon a charge of committing an outrage upon a lady passen ger, MisB Marion Price, in a first- cIaBB carriage on the London-Brighton railway. 