The Mysteries of HinttnijiLUuor By HENItY VSXTS. AJEL Eighte Reserved. . Perhaps of all the narratives concerning tbe haunting appearances and mysterious occurrences in various mansions, this one about Hinton Ampner Manor is th» most extraordinary and inexplicable. Whether the sights and sounds are now ever heard we cannot say. Time works many changes, and houses decay or are rebuilt, but that the incidents to be recounted did take place we have abundant evidence in nar rative, in biography, in periodical litera ture, in the shape of statements and affidavits, in personal experience and in hearsay. Noz are the names of those who have abundantlv testified to the truth of th«se manifestations obscure or unworthy of credit. Some of the most celebrated and valiant personages of the time came for ward to corroborate the statements of relatives and friends. Many have testified on oath to the fact®. We need only relate iUem, abridging, or, it may be, amplifying, the narratives so as to dovetail the inci dents, or, it may be, render them, more effective, but the actual occurrences are entirely beyond question. We will thus endeavor to put them in narrative sequence s may be most convenient. «* Old Mother Parfait is dyin% they say,' ?smoxked one of tbe maids to the bouse eeper at Hinton Ampner, one afternoon. She wants to see the mistress.' ' Who Bays so ?' asked the invalid's suc wBor. ?* She can't die easy, I'll be bound, 'il tell Mrs. Bickstta — but Mother Parfait -a't easy.' ' Why f ' inquired the maid. « Has she j.ght on her miad ?' ' Ah ! she well may have, if all is true, /ho's there ? listen 1' ' There's no one,' replied the maid, as ie returned from an inspection of the ABSSge. *' Did you hear something, ,a'am?' ' I did so ! Someone walking about. .'hose men have impudence enough to come own here, I daresay, but I'll teach 'em ifunw«T«. 60 up-Btairs, Molly, now ; I can o without you. Mother Parfait's dyin', ib ie. Well, well ! TeU Mrs. Bicketts.' ? The maiden thus dismissed was a new -mer to Hinton Manor House, as were all .0 occupants of the mansion. Mr. and ,rs. Hicketts and family had taken the uuse and estate, situated near Alresford, t-om the widow of the late notorious but oble owner, Lord Stawell, who had died £ apoplexy suddenly in the small parlor of ii« house. Thomas Parfait, his old coaoh aon, died soon after, and all the servants, jcluding the coachman's relict, quitted *e premises before the Bicketts family -;cupiedit. Mr. Bickects was a planter of Canaan, -tinaica, and he married in 1757, a young idjCf the youngest child of Swynfen Jer- J is... . The issue vcf this wiorihj,. couple j idosae celebrated. The eldest, having .tsumed the surname of Jervis as heir to Is uncle, commanded and was drowned in he Tonnant man-o'-war ; his brother 'dward became Lord St. Vincent, and his inter wedded the Earl of Northesk. We mention these details in order to tow the position of the parties who tes ify to the truth of the occurrence to be -lated. So the Bicketts took possession j the old rvants moved out, the family and their ;wn domestics moved in. But they had ot been long 'settled, when curious noises ?rere heard — doors seem to shut of them elves, and footsteps and rustlings were iatinclr heard, and frequently sought for, -y Mr. Bicketts. The servants were watched, but no irre ularity was noticed. Then Mrs. Parfttit -till ill, and it was noticed that she had ?? a some'Jiing ' on her mind. Rumors werei .float that she knew more than most of the! lotorious ' goings on ' of the late nobis -wner, Stawell j and a grim tale, in which 1 young lady was also deeply implicated, was current. It gave quite a tinge of romantic dread to the household, and iloftier Parfait was supposed to know the ' ins and outs of it.' A day passed. Mother Parfait died in anxiety, and- was buried a few days later. It was on February 27 that the interment took place; and even Ann Hall, the Rioketts' attendant and housekeeper, heard some unexplained noises that afternoon. But on the following morning, when &nn; Hall came into her mistress's room, Bhe appeared so ill that Mrs. Bicketts re marked on her appearance. 'What is the matter, Ann? Are you air. ' Yes, ma'am ; at least, not at all -well. I've had a bad night. Such groans and flutterings all the night I've heard.' 'Why did not you get up and light a candle? They would have ceased. It was imagination.' ; 'Begging your pardon, ma'am ; it was no such a titling. I got up and searched by the light of the moon, as bright as you please j and there was nothing there.' -**' I daresay you fancied it,' replied Mrs. Bicketts, who could not help thinking that this new disturbance had come on the night of Mrs. Parfaitfs funeral, and that the new housekeeper was occupying the same room as her predecessor, Parfait, had bad. But Mrs.; Bicketts, having no sym pathy with the supernatural, did not dwell upon this circumstance. '.There was nb fancy about it, ma'am,' was the reply ; «' the house is haunted!' 'lionsenee, Ann. Don't pat such IdeaB into the servants' heads. The wind mur murs thiough the corridors. I have heard it inyself. Never mind it' Anii,H»H shook her head j the manifes tations had. been of too plain and unmis tekaolfi a character to be laughed at Mr. Rickette, hearing them, went round the iiouse, ;and had new looks made and put aponali thedoorsjeo tiiatno evil- disposed person Bhould enter the passages. But. the iiofees ? were often heard, and the London? servant, on various pretexts, left one after the other, and were replaced by aew hands 'l»y^a«jgreBfc; ? '. '?-.' ' '' ? '?'-' ':''-:: At the end of the year Mr. Bicketts was summoned to Jamaica, and his wife, a very strong-minded and courageous woman, de termined to remain in the house with her children and the eight servants. After & while the disturbances increased, and the new servants began io'feel alarmed. Mrs. Bicketts records that she herself heard rustlings and noises, and footsteps in the empty passages and vacant rooms j but hitherto no ghostly visitant had been seen, and no one save Ann had been seriously disturbed in any way. Nothing very serious then occurred until about six months' after the master of the house had quitted England for Jamaica. One summer evening the nursemaid ; Eliza beth Bretsford, was sitting working and watching near the bed of her little charge, wr.o was aele^p. She had the door open which- led through the dressing-room into the apartment called the ' yellow cham ber,' generally ocoupied by Mrs. Bicketts. : She had laid her work down on her lap. The light was slowly fading, but at that time of year it was hardly dark all night No noise aro'ised her, but sh« moved sud denly, and became avrare of the entrance of a peculiarly-dreseed individual into t'ie dressing-room. This person passed on into tbe passage, and Elizs.beta noticed his ap pearance. He was attired in a drab suit, and walked quickly away without speak- ; ing. ' The nurse, knowing that there were guests in the house, was in no way alarmed. The daylight was in the sky, and there were many people about So she resumed her work and silent watch until - the housemaid come upstairs carr- ing the nurse's supper, for Elizabeth could not . leave the children. 1 The nurse helped tbe girl to set out the \ tray ; and while they were thus occupied, . she said— | ' TeU me, Molly, who is that gentleman i staying here dressed in drab ?' | ' Gentleman dressed in drab ?' echoed : the housemaid. ' I don't know as anyone is.' I . ' Yes, there is — a middle-sized gentle man. % You can't mistake him — drab all over. He came up here just now, walked out into the p&Bsageby; that door.' ' There's no such gentleman in the house, m declare,' replied Molly, firmly. ' You must 'a been asleep, 'Lisbeth.' 'Asleep yourself I Why, I was workin' here and mindin' baby. Asleep, indeed. I tell you I saw the drab gentleman.' ** W^ll, I can't understand it To my very certain knowledge there's no such person in the house. I'd better tell Mrs. Bicketts.' ' I'll tell her,' replied the nurse. ' She will be up here presently ; but I can't understand it anyhow.' No more was said at that time ; neither of the girls seemed to think that the form was in any sense supernatural. They searched all the adjacent rooms, and then regarded it as a mere accident, as a mistake on the part of an inmate ; -and never- con nected tbe appearance of ' the gentleman in drab clothes' with the mysterious sounds which had been heard so fre quently. When Mrs. Bicketts came upstairs to pay her 'usual visit to the nursery, Eliza beth Bretsford told her what she had seen, and described the appearance of the in truder. ' Me and Molly searched all the rooms, ma'am, but we couldn't see anyone at all/9 concluded the nursemaid. ' This is curious,' replied her mistress. ' the gentleman you describe is like what Lord Stawell used to be. Surely no burglar can have obtained admittance. We will have the men up.' The men-servants were summoned, and a search was instituted immediately. No trace of the intruder could be discovered, and the household, full of wonderment, retired to rest. It does not appear that any disturbance occurred during the night, null the even tenor of life at Hinton Ampner went on almost undisturbed until the autumn, when the gardener's son sought his mistress one morning with a curious tale. 'If you please, ma'am ? ' ' Well, George, what is the matter ?' ' If you please, *m, last night, when I was going up to our rooms, as I was oross ing the passage, I saw a man in drab clothes going up before me and I couldn't tell -who he was.' « Perhaps it was the hew butler ; he has not got his livery yet,' suggested Mrs. BickettB, who was becoming rather uneasy about these visitations. ' Well, ma'am, I thought so myself at first ; but when I got upstairs to our rooma I found the new butler in bed, as well as the other men, ma'am.1* r ' You Were very late, then, Turner ; well, never mind. There was nobody there ; you were not quite in your proper senses, perhaps, and fancied you saw something in the passage.' . ** No, ma'am. I declare—— ' *' Never . mind, George ; that wiU do.' . ... Mrs. Bicketts did not know what to sav. Here a second time the apparition of Lord Stawell had appeared to a member of the household, and the tales which had been told of him were in the minds of some people quite sufficient to account for his uneasiness and inability to rest in his. grave. ? ??? ? '.. ? ? '. During the winter the servants became unsettled, and a curious incident which .occurred about that time led to a radical change in the household. .-. After dinner ^m» night there assembled in the ample kitchen of the mansion Ann Hall, Mrs, Bickette's personal attendant, Sarah, a maid, and Dame Lacy j the cook herself was emplby ed in the scullery. The conversation was proceeding, but it does not appear that the apparitions were the subject of talk. ; - . ?:.. As the servants were thus enjoying themselves a cnriouB rustling ' Bound became audible in the passage. ?* MiB tress is coming 1 Whatever does she wantf .Hueh/*:1^' ? ? --:;:-ry ?-'??? ... - :-:: _ :;; ' The maids were iolent, but so mistress appeared. Graa^y to kthe scrprise of all ; present, a tall woman, dressed in dark ; clothing, suddenly appeared and hur riedly made her way across, through the scullery, to the outer door of the back ; premises, -which was open. : 'Mercy on us I who's that f' exclaimed ; one. . j ' Cook, did you see anyone ?' cried ] another. ' ' Ay ; I saw a tall woman dressed ia i dark things; but here's James, he must j have met her.5' . ! ' Met who ?' asked James, one of the ! men employed on the premises, speaking ! as he came in. | 'Wh-, the woman who ran out just j now. She must almost have run against you!' - j 'There was no woman as ran against , me,' replied James. ' No one came out of j the house to my knowledge — not a soul 1' j ' Maybe it waB,' ' whispered one of the maids. ' It was a spirit, I doubt 1' There was an awful silence in the kitchen ? after these words were tpoken. The man , and the woman regarded each other with '- dismay. j ' We can't remain in such a place as j this,' was the general comment, ' and so, : huddled round the fire, the domestics re- J mained till their duties called them in j various directions. I The report was made to Mrs. Bicketts, | who made a complete and thorough search j in the house to ascertain whether any trickery could have by any means been brought 10 bear. But all ner seeking was in vain. The nniBOs waM /1/t.nfl.Airhn filler YiAATdl ^O OD.O could be Been ; and at length the servants ; departed, and others c&tne.; Ann Hall, however, did not quit thepremises entirely. She married the coacuman. A waiting woman named Elizabeth Godin came in her place, and three new maids, Sarah, Hannah, and Lucy, occupied nursery and household offices. These changes are mentioned in the ori inal letters describing these events, with a view to substantiate the occurrences, for new servants would not be likely to combine to produce such disturbances as shortly succeeded the last appearance of the Ghost It must be remembered that, although Mrs. Bicketts had heard noises, and her servants had at times reported the apparitions, she herself had never seen the Gbost, nor had she been very greatly dis turbed or alarmed. But the time of trial had come for her, and ere long she and her family were actually compelled to quit the house and take refuge under the care of the Bishop of Winchester. Mrs. Bicketts occupied the yellow room near her children ; her maid, Godin, was within call on one side, the nursamaid on the other. Mrs. Bicketts was in bed awake | in the night on one occasion. Sue had been aroused, and lay trying to sleep again, wnen her ear caught the sound of footsteps stealthily approaching her bedside. There was1 no light in the room. She lay in nervous terror for a moment The footsteps were perfectly audible, eo she j jumped up rushed into the nursery, and j fetched Hannah. ' A light, quick! There is a man walking about my room. Quick I' Hannah jumped up, lighted a candle from the lamp burning in the inner room, and in a few moments these brave women were searching the rooms and passages. Not a sound, not a trace of anyone coald they detect. The house was profoundly silent, the doore were fastened across the j corridor leading to the men's apartments. { Not a trace of anyone could be found ; and after a thorough investigation of the suite of rooms the women returned to their beds more puzzled than ever. These alarming sounds, taken in con junction with the portents and shapes which had already been heard and seen, made Mrs. Bicketts seriously uneasy. She was a determined woman, by no means nervous as a rule, and she endeavored to account for the ghostly shapes and noises by natural means. She. remembered that the old housekeeper had desired to see her, but she had not been able to reach har cottage until too late. Was it possible that old Mistress Parfait had had some news to communicate concerning the spectreB and the warnings ? If so, the information must now remain for ever a secret The cause must be sought in the mansion. Search was made, but no reasons for the peculiar sounds could be discovered. Sometimes the ser vants complained of moaning and cries, and on one particular night in. the autumn, heavy knocks were heard. By that time Mrs. Bicketts had moved to another and wanner apartment She had no fear of anyone entering the nouse at night, but Bhe distinctly heard the knocks, and the whispering sounds, with footsteps in the passages. As the spring again ad vanced, the manifestations became more frequent and annoying, and the ?? gentle man in drab,' as well as the female figure, were in evidence. That there was some story attaching to the mansion was now asserted. Inquiry -was diligently pursued, and the threads of a sad intrigue were put together. The ?'notorious evil liver,' as the nobleman was called, had left a legend behind him, and the female spectre was said to be his victim. This narrative was generally accepted, and certain melancholy facts fuHy war ranted the application. The restlessness of a« epirits, the *ecret of the old house keepferiwerepartly *xplained,but a villager '^K&^'^^^^^^'^^-y-- in hand-by importing some /information concerning ;a'Sjo-?V^^ done in the housed, 4A;:6SrfcBn room had been entered and 'She i'ilborinjf removed. He believed that the late inmate hoped to find some treasure in the place; but it might well have been that he wished to bury some thing. -. ? ? . ?.-.??';? ? - ? -?'??.?.??.? -.\ ? \- AH this was very mysterious, and unsettled the family Verj Ereatly. Mean* .while -? no diminution «; ^jdicBufeted, Jn;;;-%he; disturbances. In April of the followuig ymax Mia Biokstts was akain awakened 'by someone walking in- {he- passage1 and pushing at her door. She im-- mediately .rang her bell. . Godin came in quickly, and the mistress and maid ex amined cupboards, wardrobes, and all the passages. The maid had seen no one is the corridor ; but as the search was con cluding the door was seen to move back-; wards and forwards, as if someone had peeped in and retired, half closing the door after him. This was bo palpable that Mrs. Bickett* rang the bell for the men-servants. All the passage doors were locked as they had been the night before. Another search was instituted without avail, and Mrs. Bicketts' then made up her mind to send for her. brother, Captain Jervis. He arrived with another naval officer* named Luttrell, and oh the night of theirJ arrivaUtne hall door banged loudly during^ the night The noisps in the house were, worse than before, and the captain declared^ that the house was not fit for human beings' to inhabit ? Strange phenomena were noticed, and) the behavior of the favorite eat at times,, when no shape appeared to the members ofj the family in the rooms, was noticed with) some curiosity. On several occasions the] animal would crouch, and slink up to itsi mistress with every sign of terror. Ifc would cling to her dress and hide its headt between Mrs. Ricketts' feet in alarm, and] not emerge from her protection for eomej few minutes, when, the invisible causej being presumably removed, the cat would resume its former position on the rug, chair, or table, Tha servants stated that a pet dog -was wont to behave in a similar manner. They) heard noises, but could see nothing ; yetj the terrier would give evidence of its fear of some approaching thing, which the domestics could only hear, and that indis tinctly. These portents filled every one wit 1 alarm. At length the continual disturbances became too try ing. Mrs. Bicketts was com pelled to quit the mansion, and then some attempts were made to unearth the sup posed treasure or other objects buried within the flooring of the apartment! already indicated. Search was made, and a skull with some bones were discovered. Some people thought it was the skull of a monkey, but others who paid attention to certain curious revelations, decided in their own minds otherwise, and proof of foul] play was asserted. ; However, as long as the house was in-j habited, the sounds were heard. After the; departure of the Bicketts family other tenants occupied it The disturbances! continued ju-t the same, and so they have! gone on! No one could live in the Manor House, which was permitted to remain empty, and was dismantled. Gradually it fell into decay 5 but, in all these years, no clue has been obtained to the origin of the; sounds and sights, which remain on record as the Mysteries of Hinton Manor ! . . , ? The statements and declarations of alii these and many other circumstances con nected with the house may be Been and' perused at length in the numbers of tha Gentleman's Magazine for November and December, 1872. There will be found the the true and circumstantial statements oC the inmates, the servants, and others who- heard the noises and saw the spectres. , : We have r«ad these, and narrated them in our own form, but th« incidents as. deposed to are the same in this narritive as in tlie* original. With this- we must bid our readers farewell, though there are many other striking scenes and bits of family history which we could, if occasion demanded, servf- '' fo in ores t and amuse* £the end.j Oscar Wilde, whose reputation as an apostle of aestheticism has, on the strength of ' Lady Win dermere's Fan,' been absorbed in the more profit* able one of a successful playwright, is 36. He is the son oi the late Sir William Wilde, a distin guished Dublin occulisfc, and Jane Francises, Lady Wilde, better known by her poetical name of ' Speranza.' She contributed much impassioned verse of a patriotic kind to the Nation newspaper in its eatlier.daTS, when it was edited with each je markable ability by the p- esent Sir Charles Gavan Duffy. Sir WaBiam Wilde, though he did not share the advanced nationalistic views of his poetical wife, tttSfa great deal of interest in an cient Irish histrap and literature. It was through his devotion tifcjbhe latter that he came to give his son the .name, pt Oscar, which it seems 'was a familiar one among Irish heroes of the olden time. But in the caieTof 6ne aesthetic and dramatic hero that was to be, Oscar was only the compa nion pre-nomen of much more mellifluous and less unmistakably Hibernian ones. His fall bap tismal style was Oscar Fingall O'Flahertie Wills Wilde. Referring to the recent production for the first time at the House of Moliere of ' Le Juif Polonais ' (' The Bells '), a critic in the Eevtjb dbs Deux Mondes says : ' 1 doubt if there has often been produced at the Theatre Francais anything more vulgar than this robber's story.' Is this honest criticism, or is it to be interpreted as a splenetic reflection on the taste of English playgoers, and on their favorite actor, Henry Ir ving P There is reason to suspect that , the latter is the case. The piece Jnas been got np at the Theatre Frangais very closely after tfie Btyle jn which it was represented at the Lyceum. But, if English critics are to be credited, there is this es sential difference in thetwo productions, that the French Mathias is a somewhat prosaic personage, and that his acting has nothing of the weirdness and intensity which characterise that of Irving in the same part As for the 'robber's story ' it is at all events a' story written' by not the least admired of modern French storytellers. Whatever faults mayijbave been found hitherto with the methods. ;jp.fSltho8e famous literary partners, Messrs. Ercfflnann— Chatrian, it iB, so far as we are aware, the first time that their rea lism has been represented as degenerating into vulgarity. The American press speaks highly of the per formances of Hiss Marlowe, a young actress who has been playing Juliet, Viola, Parthenia, Galatea, in ' Pygmalion and Galatea,' and other parts. Among her characters is that of Hart the actor, in a one-act comedietta by Malcolm Bell, entitled ' Rogues and Vagabonds,' the scene of which is Stratford-on-Avon. Mr. John Drew, late of the Augustin DalyCom ?pany, is ** touring ' through America in *? The Masked Ball,' an adaptation from the French of M. Bisson. ..Mr. Drew is the son of the Irish comedian, John Drew, who visited Australia very many years ago, and whose soccess here presaged that which he met with soon after, on the London stage. ? .'-?.-?- Professor Milne, of ToMo, records a dense storm of yellow dust, which suddenly covered the decks of a yessel 95 miles from Nagasaki (Japan), and which is upwards of 400 miles from the coast of China. This dust was . bo fine that, though com posed of felspar, quartz, and a few shreds of jjlants, it did not affect' the eyes, and had not the decks -teen covered with it it . might have been mistaken for a peculiarly yellow fog. Yet SiBeems to have extended for nearly 2000 miles, and to have come from the ** loess' plains of China. The electrical steering gear of k the United StateB Monitor Miantonomah has, it is said, been perfected, and £b now in working order. The apparatus was designed by the Edison General Electric Company. ; - The monitor is now .6 com plete electric war reesel. ' '? 