A RIOMANCE. BY JOSEPH HOCKIN, AUTHOR. OF "1lrad the Ilic," "J.T?c .Eastorbrook." (Published by Special ?rrangement with Messrs. Ward; Lock, Bowden & Co;). .CHAPTER V. SPIRITUALISM VERSUS .CONJURING. " While through all thy wondrous days,?_. Heaven and earth enraptured gazed While vain sages thinkthey Imnow' Secrets Thou alone can show, Time alone will tell what hour Thou'lt appear to Greater Power." \--JoANNA SOUTHCoTE's EPITAPIh. :"When Jack arrived-at Albany-streeoot it was nearly two o'clock in the morn ing; but he found that the faniuily had. not yet come home, so feeling tired he wont straight to bed, and soon fell asleep. He awoke refreshed. after a few hours' rest, hovever, and was.down in time to meet the family at break fast. The young man watched-his friends narrowly,- and fancid they seemed tired and disappointed. Either their revelations had- been of a somowh'at saddening character, or they had failed .'to::. get any at all. Such was the thought ~that passed through our heio's mind! The conversation dragged and the young ladies seemed very list less. Bill's yellow teeth looked more yellow than usual, while Uncle Wil liam gave vent to no rhapsodical out hnlrsts. "I am' afraid the spirits have disap pointed them badly,' .thought Jack, after two, or three, attempts to lead, them. into conversation ...had been made in, vain. ' I :should like to 'know what they were doing. though, and what experiences tldy had.' ' Did you sleep well last night ?' said Aunt Mary, as if desirous of making the young man at ease. ' `irst rate, after I got to bed,' said Jack ; 'but I did not do so until'far 'away in the morning. I was awake until two o'clock. I thought I might, see you before I retired.' 'We waited for manifestations,' said "!Uncle William; 'waited long and anxiously, but they came not. Of course the spirits came, they always S:do, but not those of the highest order. Butwve must not complain. They will come when we are prepared. They cannot be frightened or forced. . They must be wooed and won.' ' The spirits are ever waiting,' said Bill; ' it is the means we. want-,-ah, the means !' ' Was there anything you especially Swanted to know ?'.asked Jack, his eyes flashing half with mirth and half with interest. ' Know !' cried Uncle William, ' who does not want to know'? There are phenomena, phenomena in abundan'ce. We want explanation of phenomena. :I have been" a faitfiful disciple. I have been attentive to all messages.' Last night I thought weo were near but--but-the man failed.' ' But the man Will do it,' said .Bill. ' It is to his interest to do it. There has been defiance, but he will suce coed. 'I. had great hopes,' said Uncle. 'William dreamily. ' I allowed myself to become heterodox. . I listened to the new voice.' I discarded for the time the old. the sure-I trusted for greater things-but they came not.' He spoke dreamily, as though he were only half conscious ; but Jack was interested, the subject became, fas cinating. I' see boundless nossibilities,' he thought'. ' Let this subject behpro perly studied, and, provided there is any truth in it, I can see how:moun. tains of difficulty may melt- away but,' and. here camei in the practical;: doubting side of his nature ; 'is 'theie ..any truth in it ?' ' Your said you -hd. discarded foi, tlhe time* the old; the: sure,'-he said. .'aloud. 'Why do you seek otherF than the sure ?' The little man started to his feet. W? hy ?' he said excitedly, '"why ? Are not our people the laughiing-stocko of scientists- and .unbelievers? -Do they not constantly 'tell "us othat? in; s·pitoe of all our .boasts ?: wehave ro .vealed .nothing- that is the: spiiits have revealed- nothing-worth the knowing,? Do they not tell us that if ouir knocking, and bell-ringing;, aind :music-in fact, allourmaiiifestationsbe admitted, the worldlis none the better for it !'-and the little man looked at our hero's face as though, he where ,one of the' most persecuted truth-seekers that ever lived.':'. Yes, said Jack, :'delligihted to heai him talk thus; b'ut whatifor that?'' ' What foui that:? Do youi; John; John, ask that ? i"i. lat for :'that? Why, I w ant to thlow thei lie intheliei -;faces. I want. to showto to he unbe lieving world tlie adviiantage:;of o:i faith!' I want to show them thatwe tare the. real benefactors of: the erace ! I want to be able to demonstiate that -that But' evidently .Uncle W?illiam's thoughts wore far beyond, his powers of language, for he, stopped at .the word 'that,' and looked confusedly around the room. 'Father's indignation is groat,' said Bill, ' and no wonder. He has given time, labour, and money to the cause, and he is easily disappointed. ' But even what we had last night was glorious,' said one of the girls. 'Didn't the invisible bells ring, and. :wasn't the, music sweet ? I'm sure I don't canro .abouit the absence of tlis rti owned nmedium' that father is so downcast about. What could be more "lorious that Mr. Bolair? I?e is a perfect gentleman though he ii a me? diuim. I would invite him' hoere o:to morrow, if father were agreeable.:':. 'Excuse me,', said Jack,, not paylng much attention to" what the lady had said, 'I am very ignorant on those matters, and only ask to learn. If all that spiritualists profess were true, if each manifestation could be relied on as spiritualistic, would not more notice be taken of them, even although some of .them do.seem trivial and stupid ?'. ''But.: the mianifestations iare real,' said'Bill. '"If ou liad only seen what I have seen you would believe.' ' I read some time ago that a cole brated meedium was prosecuted for de fiixding; :that is, all he lifid done was siriiply due to clever trickery.' ' Every cause has its Judas,'. said 'Bill. ',Then' I have also roead that many .of the :spiritualistic messages are+not true. Vhat shall we say to them ?' 'John, John,' cried Uncle, William, 'it grieves my heart that you should ask such questions. :Do not' evil:men and women tell lies in life ? ' Of course they do'!: : And they will tell lies when they die.' ' Ah, I. see, said Jack, ' there is no dependence on getting good iund truth ful spiiits. You may get only a pack of lies, although you get manifesta-' tions ?' ' Hence the necessity of the highest kind of intermediate soul, John;' cried Uncle William. ' As yet I have been somewhat . unfortunate. . I have trusted in those that aire the play things of spirits. I have had wonder ful things told me, and'many of.them -have been-that is ' ' Father,' cried Bill, ' think,' re member.' ' Ah, yes,. WTilliam, my son-vul garly.. called Bill--I know, I will remember.: M y soul hlias been longing for one intermediate :intelligence that outsoars what we have hitherto seen. One 'that can command' the, spirits-2 ay, that, can command the highest spirits. I: was 'told that such an one was to appear lastnight--but we were all disappointed. 'Still: we can wait. Besides, a soul of the highest order must have allowances made. .Who knows buit that the great soul we expected in human form was talking with unseen intelligences, and per haps to-morrow night when we meet again we may be amply repaid. for waiting.' ' Besides,' said Bill, looking keenly at Jack, ' supposing there are lying spirits, supposing all messages. are not true- What then ?- Every manifes tation proves there are spirits; each one proves that the so-called dead die not.. This is' an age of doubt. Is it not of immense- ad vantage that we should; positively know- that:our dear,ones are near us ? For we can know thi.. I have known people 'come into our seances doubting until they have been almost broken hearted, and they have gone away rejoicing.' 'But they must believe,' said Agnes; 'otherwise the, messages can be of no use.' ' I suppose so,' said Jack ; ' but it takes a lot to make me believe.' Ah, not if you would" go to oneTof the manifestations,' cried the girl. 'Suppose you. saw great heavy tables jumping about,' and chairs toppling over, and heard noises all around you, what should you think of the spirits then ?'. 'I should think they were very foolish,' said Jack drily." 'I should think. 'a: sensible spirit .would' be ashamed to'spend his' time so.' ' But, John,' said' Uncle William, 'these are but beginnings ; these only tell . you that the spirits ' are around you. 'Read the works of Andrew Jackson. 'Davis, of . Ploughskepsie. He moved all America; or read the life and works of Mr. Daniel Home, who also 'came from ,,America, and visited maly. of the sovereigns of Europe, even the Emperor Napoleon. I have their works., Peruse them at your leisure, John'; peruse them.'- ". ' I wish we could mnanufacture our. own celebrities,' taid Jack. ' It seems a jolly shame that nearly all these fellows should be imported from America. Do. you know,' and :Jack cast off all. seriousness, ' it seems to me that? the Yankees" trick us splen didly. W.Vhy. should we depend' on them .to': import these 'things ? I shkould have far more faith if we could isaise?oui own wonder workers.' ' o:have.a lot, but somehow the 'soil 'or ?climate of England is not so faioui;ablo for the higher things as Amnioica. There, spiritualism spread lilke wildfire, here it has not. But, John, if you hadd seenr all I have, if you had felt your hands in. the spirit's hands, if vobl had felt-.them tapping your head, if youi had heard them whispering s:trange w ords in your ears, what would you think ?' ... 'First,': replied.Jack, ' I.should askh hoi?Vit:: came to be? ;-I'.should" ask is theie not some clever trickery arountl heie?: i. Theni' if I: were convinced of tle p;ossibility of spirits I -should ask; thli?meaning:ofit.. I shouldwant to, k'i the .meaning ,of it.; I should' want! tkno?. the" use of the hand olspi ng;i and the tapping arid the we hispering, and if I Iwere no wiser at the' close: than .'at,the .beginning I shtould give up the matter as so much foolishness. I, should say that if there are spirits, this meaningless jugglery is not enough. to convince' me of the fact. I should 'want something that would appeal to my .reason, and at the same time I should want something beyond. what'could be explained by known laws of what are called,occult forces. ' And if that could be done, John; if a new world could be opened to you, .ifl doubts long.haunting you couild be dispelled, if hope was lost in know ledge,.what then ?!:: ,Jaol? ::mirthi had gone, for as' he spoike,:and as Uncle William spoke; thel old question came back to him. Where was ~his :father: :. Was he, at all- and did)he: wish to tell him some thing b6fore he died ? :Would spirit ialism answer these thinigs?. . If it would, hlie would embrace it as tho joy of life, s the: balm 'of: Gilead, and.he would be ? faithfuiil apjostlo . ' ' John,' went on : the little man, 'John, Bill told me last night: that you had doubts about the fact that your father lives-ay, about the fact of anything like life after so-called death. He hinted, moreover, that you longed to know something, but did not know how the longing could be satisfied; for the secret was locked up with the dead. Oh, John, I have been disappointed at times ! Last night I grieved because the full orb of spiritual day did not shine across my path ; but, John, I can satisfy you.. You may hear your father speak. You may see his handwriting. The veil may be lifted, and you may gaze ! Gaze, John, gaze !' He was evidently in earnest. His little watery eyes sparkled, his hands trembled. He, at all events, was a belieyer. But Jack felt that he was easily'to be deceived. Evidently he had a great love for the wonderful; .and his nature drank in the wonderful as true.• 'Come with us to-morrow night,' said Bill. ' The intermediate intelli gence that we hoped for last night is not lost. We were faithfully pro mised that,we shall not be disappointed when we next meet. Comewith us!' Jack was a young man, and, al though possessing -strong common sense, was still curious, and in spite of the fact that he shuddered at men tioning his father's name before a lot of strangers whom he might despis.e, his craze or fancy told him to accept the invitation. ' I will go. with you to-morrow night,'. he said. . . ' As a believer, John, as a believer ?' said Uncle William .' so muchi more will be revealed if yoe do !' 'I'm afraid not,' Jack answered. 'I should not go at all but for that: about which you have hinted. To know something about thatr I would do a great deal that I don't like; but I can't believe easily. I shall be always on the look out for trickery. I shall watch all your movements.' \- You will. have a difficulty,' said Clara; ' the room will be darkened.' ' Why?' ' Spirits will not appear in the light, neither will they do anything.' Jack's seriousness flitted again, and he laughed. 'Yes,' he said* ' the ghosts always did appear in the dark at home when I was a boy. It's the same old game.' ' Did you see them ?' asked Uncle William eagerly. 'No, oh no, but some old woman said they did. It's all the same I daresay. Anyhow I'll go.' ' But, John, get rid of the idea that you will be imposed upon. Mr. Daniel Home has been seen to float out of a room into the street, and then come into the same room by another window. He appeared' privately before Napoleon, who, when asked if he believed in the'spiritual, said he was sure that the things Mr. Home spoke of existed.' ' Yes, and Cagliostro did many things in his day, and. made Louis XV. and Louis 'XVI., besides Marie Antoinette and scores of others, believe in his .miracles, each more wonderful than those of Mr. Home of America." And yet Cagliostro was a fraud. His immortality got played out when he was .a little over fifty, and his fluid for the renewing of youth, and his elixir of life never stood against sickness and old age.' 'But you shall be convinced, John, you shall; I look for great things to morrow night.' " And it's time for you to go to busi ness,' said Aunit Mary, who had been listening impatiently ; - ' the spirits never add to our income somehow.' Both Uncle William and Billlooked indignant. 'As though .thQy cared about money,':'they said. ` But the mediums do,' retorted she,. 'and about good food too. I am sure that Americah one, Abner Bridda nium, ate enough for three. But, there, never mind me; get" off, you are late as it is.' Jack'finished Jane Eyra that morn-" ing, and after luncheon made up his mind to go and see Maskelyne and Cooke. ' Come with ine, Aunt Mary, will you?' said Jack; '.I see they have some spiritualism on the tapis there, a kind which they explain.' ' I would rather the girls would go,' said Aunt tMary, and Jack looked downcast. "(To l .Continuec.) 