A BUNClj OF VIOLETS, OB, A SAILOR'S LASS. A, Romance of £and and Sea. BT. A. J. HTH0U8E. CHAPTER IT. stscr'a prediction. IGm Aostin emerged from the house hold prmncta unobserved, and oiutioaelj Wended her -way through the banana plantation. The fresh ait of the moon light night fanned her fever-tinted oheeka, while her heart beat with a tremor of apprhnension u the moon cast the banana trees into dense shadows, half obscuring the faint path thit wound Us way in a serpentine line towards a bush road that led to Nancy U'lvor's. Now and amon the note o£ a eurlew would Bound distinct from the swamp *™»— — «*» *jj uiet (^uui Lreen wudbb crests towered .the distance in a giant lino of grey, together with the mstle of the fly ing foxeB robbing the t»es ot the ripe bananas. Miss Austin, like most girls wared in the bush, knew Bo fear. The serub was natural to her and she wended her way among the plantation trees like a native on the trail. She was super stitions in a tenBe, not that she believed in the visible appearance of the super natural on earth, but a kind of a some thing pervaded her mind. Intuition would force a thought upon her mind thet would not be dislodged— that such and such a thing would prove in the affirmative. Such a transition she was in now ; older heads then hers are guilty of consulting the so-called futurists She was but a girl. Many an nncanoy tale had she listened to from old Jacob's lips, stiff sailor yarns that no one but the very greenest landsman tt-culd swallovr Sbe was doing no hum, merely going to ask the old Scotch fortune-teller's opinion about her dresm. So she mused as she swiftly wended her way along the road beyond the outskirts of her home. by the gum trees bowing to the wind coming in a freshness off the Pacinc, 'whose surface glittered like burnished silver beyond the outline of her home, bom which the smoke was curling against a sky, blue md enow-flecked by fleecy clouds. She could hear the faint sound of falling surf, and see the lights gleaming in a row of yellow points from the huts of the kanakas, one of whom was playing a flute, whose notes sounded clear and sharp on the evening air. No one had noticed her departure ; sbe was safe. The dry grass crunched beneath her feet, the brushwood shook M now and again a frightened bandicoot sprang out, opostums leaped from bough to bough in flying, dark forms, bhe walked rapidly along nntil she emerged before n panel set in a log fence. It waB an uncsnny pbcB for a young lady to visit alone in the night time. A wall of small scrub lined tie front, thriving in a low swamp of muddy water ; a covey of dscks met tho air as sbe entered through the ptsel, then she threaded her way otutiouily throogh a thinner portion of the mallee a»d came upon a narrow path covered thickly with fallen gum leaves. A light showed faintly ahead, the barking of dogs met the air; she drew her woollen shawl rc.ore tightly around her head, and con tinued her way, oblivious of the dis cordant sounds of croaking frogs and rustling branches, or the fetid odor rising from the swamp. A hut stood alone on the clearing, one of the usnal class tenanted by bush laborers — a wattle and slab structure— with several dogs disporting themselves on the un kempt ground in front j a candle light glimmered through a yellow curtain There was something uncanny about the plaoe. It was Nanoy M'lvor's, only a shrewd old Scotchwoman, but avoided by the hands around as a reputed witch. 'I'd never go near that place of a nipht,' oM Jacob said, after listening to Hiss Austin's former experience with the fortune-teller. She had visited the spot before now, and, strange to relate, Nancy's soothsaying tallied exactly with one of her iin whom Kiss Austin had visited when a schoolgirl in Bris bane. 'I can't make it out,' said old Jacob, as with a grave countenance he scratched his silver bair in perplexity, ? it gets over me altogether; but my old mother orten used to spin such like yarns. Ghosts I can stomach for I've seed 'em, but this ere looking at jer future it gives one a queer turn, I believe the hand o' th' de'il be in such matters. It were a kind o' a temptin' Providence. But young leddies be now more self willed than in his time ; ob, no, he'd never tell her father about such carryin's on. If Missie Belle -wants her lortin' told well and good,' but a sailor's superstition still clung round him, as was evinced by the half-frightened glance he cut in the direction of Nancy M'lvor's at the con clusion of his remarks. In truth, the place seemed fit for the home of a witch. The great yellow moos floated clear in the heavens, the gum trees here and there stood like giant Bwjotrts with outstretched anas, for they had been rung, and their trnnks showed like rivers of snow, for the seen* was cased in a glamo&r;, soft -s the dawn of day. The dogs ceased barking, a quietude ensued, broken only by the tinkle tickle of * cowbell from some cattle wandering in a paddook lower down, where the tree ferns reared their fan-like leaves above the bracken, scorched half-yellow by a Queensland It was fully ten o'clock now, and she hastened on to the hut to be home early, least her absence should be noted. The dogs again began to yelp as she emerged upon the clearing. The door swunc open, and a bowed form was discerned ?gainst the door-way, while a shrill feminine voice requested the dogs to lie down. 'Who be there P said the voice. ' What leddie bo a comic' here to auld Nancy's this time o' th' nicht f' ' It's only me,' replied the girl between the folds of her cloak, muffled closely around her mouth to keep out the wind, now blowing cold. ' An' surely there's more than th' like o' one me in this warld o' ours/ snappishly returned the old dame. 'Who be yer and what d'jewantP' ' Belle Austin.' 'Oh l&w;, a dearie me, to think o' th' likes o' ye a coomiu to auld Nancy's Una time o' th' nicht. Doon Sleuth, ye beast, an' let th' yang leddie cocm in.' Miss Austin entered, white and ontici pitative. ' Noo what do ye want' said tho old crone seating herself upon a rocking chair, and flnng her hawk-like eyes upon her visitor. ' Want some o' Nancy's magic liquid that infuses life, warm life, into the bluid o' yang folks, or be it ye want yer fortin toldP I've saiditance ysng leddie and its true every ward o' it. Dinne. e leivo all ither folks till ye, they puff and scruff ft th' idea o' Nancy tellin' fortins, but its a kind o' a clairvoyancy, its a gift hag th' ane aboove. Be it ye wants anithcr glimpse into th' unseen future, th' path o' life yer destined to tread, lh' gift is auld Nancy's. In bonnie Scotland when a lssrie she got her charm she did, oa' it has never left her. My gold man vizma s leive in such things, but be's only a plantation hand. Say ye that Uio divine gift o' prophecy is na higher than mere band wark such as th' likes o' he does P June's out o' th' way lass, he'll ne'er be home till midnight. Hark .'List.'1 The skinny hand of the old hag was upraised in an attitude of attention. Her features worked spasmodically. By the lii;ln of the flickecinK caudle she indeed ookud as one who held communion with the nether world. Her thin freme m enveloped in a loose black gown, her grey heir felt 1- isely over her bent shoulders, wHle her black eyes danced luridly in their sockets above the high cheek bones, upon which scircely any n»sh seemed to adhere. ' List' she exclaimed in a low tone. ' I aee some iu yon flame, yang leddie, th' powers possess me, what do ye lequireF' Then the girl in a low voice told the episode that had ooourred in the early evening. ' Violets did ye say, a luoky flower, and time o' day was sunset. Then ye life shal1 end in good old age, even as th' settiu' suu be an omen, o' th' same ; and th' oreimr' Tho girl shivered momentarily—1 Yes' Bhe said, ? after leaving the sea-.-b.ore, I withdrew to my room and fell asleep upon a lounge. I dreamt I was at sea in a storm, the vestel was plunging. The wind was moaning, I was on deck, all the) other passengers were below. How I came to be there I cannot tell, but I was alone on deck listening to the besting waves and ories of the seamen as they worked the sails, All at onoe - cry arose that she was sinking ; at that moment a young officer grasped my hand, telling me not to be afraid, but that he would save me. His features are indelibly im ptetsed upon my memory, but the strangest thing wzs that he wore my ' bunch of violets' in his coat, I noticed the string I had fastened them with, and their faded hue— on ay noticing that I awoke, just as my hand met his and he was eBcarting mo to the vessel's side. I was in my own room, alongside the canvas I hsd been painting in the earlier strange that I thought I would get y-mr ' A sensible yang leddie. I can toll ve the Yeroretetion. List. Hark, how the wind is howling.' One of the hag's skinny paws was Again raised in an attitude of attention, whilst with the other Bhe traced a circle containing various cabalistic signs upon the hard mad floor. Then she gazed ear nestly at its centre. ? Ye hae a party coomin off soon,' she said* ' Yes,' replied the girl wondering how she became possessed of this informa ? Yes, leddie, ye hae a party soon and the sailor will be there. Stay, ah, what's thisF Anither gelclmel is present — a city man, bo h 'nil fall in lo' wi' ye ; yer fairher will like the latter, but reject the sailor ; yer'll lo' him fur it's yer destiny, and true to ye he'll be through fire and watter ' 'Is it the rcme one as I saw iu my dream f asked the girl iu full faith with the old woman's Bayings. ' I canna tell ye that, but iu the circle I see a party at your house, a sailor is there, his.faca is white, he has been ill, and leaning ags'.nst the piauner is aoitlier man — stay, the scene's vanished, th' powers hae left me, I can tell ye nee mair, all is darkness ' The girl surveyed her with a puzzled expreFBion, her heart was beating wild. The old crone had told the truth as far as the herself knew, hut this unknown — this sailor — hoiv could he visit O«kvx.}te, above til on the night of her party. ' Good ovening,' she raid as she slipped a sovereign into the outstretched palm. ' Thanks, mony thanks, and may auld Nancy's blessing go wi' ye.' ' Ha, ha,' she muttered after the girl had departed, 'yang girls are as silly nooadays as in my time. Jamief iu Bpite o' his notions, would ha'e to wark his hands three blessed days afore he'd earn as much.' Then she lighted a short clar pipe and withdrew a stone from the wa!-, chink fell the shining gold among a. pile of its fellows. - They think auld N ancy's poor, do em, let em think so. Here's a go d hun'red pun made afore that fool o' a Jamie took me awa frae th' toon into this ere hole where th' sight o* a shiner is a rarity. Ah well, many's the shiner paaned into auld Nancy's hand when she lived in th' city,' then rubbing out the magic circle Bhe relapsed into quietude enjoying the aroma of strong tobacco, while Miss Austin rapidly retraced her steps to escape the shower which appeared to be gathering in the dun color of the cIguos scudding overhead. She emerged upon the household precints and gained the solitude of her room unobserved. Her cheeks were pale, her heart beat rapidiy as she threw off her thick shawl, and tak ing up a book appealed deeply intent upon its penual. The events of the day came upon her with Btrong force, and Nancy's prediction set her mind in a tumult; with the beatings of her heart the door opened and her father appeared. ' Why, puss,' sBid he ' here alone, and Gut Lindsay present as well, I never observed your absence, I was intent upon my newspaper, and the boys were play ing chess, you truant, here I find you re clining on the lounge with no light but a solitary candle ; really, Belle, something unusual has come over your ordinary dis position. Yon are becoming cynical, this room is like a nunnery, come down, Gas is on the eve of departing.' ' I wish you would not refer to Mr Lindsay so often,' she said playing with the drooping fringe of the curtains. Mr Austin's brow contracted, he hsd always desired a union with the Lindsay family, their plantations bordered his own, and, like himself they could count their thousands ' Why not, pu6sP' he said gently. ' I am sure Gus is a fit companion for you. He is the sole heir, you must assuredly bo happy in his company, he is like one of family already I know he has noticed your Absence this evening, for ever and again his eyes would wander towards the door; you will at least come down and be polite to your old playmate. 'Mr Lindsay throws himself in. my way on every possible occasion, I do not en courage bis attentions, I have never Mewed P'jd as more thsn a fliend. Doubtless von mean well, pa, bat do ex cuse- me th's evening, I am tired aud my head is acb'tig.1 Sho haled on the lot' tge as sJte smtfr, bMh h«nds clasped together, e wistfu! glance shone in her eyes which were fixed on the Pacific, ehiFing in a white sheet between the waving blue of the trailing cmtains. Then Mr Ausfn left her, with » mmi puzzled to account for her sudden reticence; but he put it down to r.omo quarrel that had perhaps timed place betweent hem and was ratisiied. She remained leaning out of the eria. dow after her father's departure. The moonbeams shono fall on her white countenance showing intense pathos in her eyes, which seemed to be fixed oa thu stars as they kept their night vigils aloft in a clear bluo sky. The clouds had dis persed, a shower had fallen, and the air lay heavy and sweet with fragrance culled from the flowers in the garden by the wind as it shook the tall pise trees in unison with the ocean's spent swell. It was near twelve. Gus Lindsay and Tom were standing on the gravelled path. She fancied Lindsay's eyes were turned towards her window, then he vanished in the recesses of the shrubs between which the Pacific met the shore in flying white, bespangled with phosphoric stars, that, lay glistening like diamonds upon the sand, then slowly trickling back in the wash of the waves. A steamer showed in black, the gleam from her sidelights shooting the waves like flying rubies and emeralds, while the throb, throb, of her engines sounded faint at the dawn of the midnight air ;that filled her room with an intoxicating odor of flowers and sea weed. Then she crossed over to the chiffionier and withdrew the violets from its recess. The salt of the sea was drying upon them, they were becoming faded; yet she viewed them as a con necting link with the future which was to bind her heart with tho magnetic fbroo of truo love to some one, one whom she had \iewed in * dreamland world. ' Perhape it is only imagination,' she soliloquized as she r-lofed 'the window &nd; orew. oloae the oc'tr'us, 'but it is sttruge, oh, ???- ?trenge.' f Tali continued.) 