RAZZLE-DAZZLE. (London Daily Telegraph ) What is "razzle-dazzle?" In despair of arriving at the etymology of the expression, which is as obscure as that of " topsy-turvy " or "helter- skelter" — although some ingenious philologists have maintained that the last-named term is derived from the rivers Helder and Scheldt — it may be permissible to conjecture that "razzle-dazzle" has some affinity to the word or assemblage of words " amalaiaoo!' " which the howling dervish when he is getting up steam first mutters, then groans, then shrieks, until by successive crescendo leaps he attains the full cascade of pious ululation. Thus it seems to be with the orthodox "razzle-dazzle." The executant commences operations by repeating the conjoined words as a subdued and dulcet jingle. Each repetition, however, involves greater rapidity and a larger volume of sound, with concurrent nervous excitement, until at length the corybant feels constrained be in company his yells of " razzle-dazzle " by the wildest of gambadoes, and becomes for the nonce, a dancing as well as a howling dervish. From another point of view the "razzle-dazzle," being both a song and a dance, may be defined as a kind of cockney Carmagnole; but this very modern addition to our vocabulary of harmless slang expressions may be found in the aid of metonymy to present another signification. In Southwark circles the name of "razzle-dazzle" seems to be applied to a contrivance which seeks to imitate the motions of a boat on a stormy ocean. It is the switchback railway writ in artificial water, and would enable a per- son anxious to become acquainted with the most distressing form of nausea to experience all the sensations of acute sea- sickness without the trouble of "shipping himself all aboard of a ship," as the late Lord Bateman did, "some foreign countries tor to see." It is far from difficult to fit up a private and inexpensive "razzle-dazzle" in your own bath- room. All that is necessary is to place a swinging looking-glass at a convenient angle opposite a large coloured lithograph — the waves painted very green — of a P. and O. steamship. Keep the glass well in motion by means of a walking-stick ; fix the eyes attentively on the reflection of the great ocean steamer heaving up and down, and imagine the bathroom as representing a cabin on board a ship; and, with the assistance of the splashing of the real water running into the bath, the effect of a " razzle dazzle" and be speedily provoked. At the first blush there is would appear to be nothing perilous to the preservation of the Queen's peace in the bobbing up and down of a "razzle- dazzle" yet to judge from the proceedings at Southwark Police Court on Wednesday the contrivance for imitating the motion of a boat on the sea may, when combined with other elements of a disturbing nature, be denounced by the inhabitants of the neighbourhood where the " razzle-dazzle " and its congeners flourish as nothing short of a public nuisance. Four men, named Hunt, Scard, Baker, and Germain, appeared on the day in question to summonses taken out at the instance of the St. Saviour's Board of Works to answer a charge of keeping a place for public performances, music, and entertainment, within 20 miles of the cities of London and West- minster, without having a license. For the prosecution it was stated that for nearly five years a very unpleasant state of things had existed in a certain portion of the borough of Southwark owing to the reluctance of a section of the St. Saviour's Board of Works to authorise proceedings against the defendants, who had carried on a lucrative business by organising a kind of fair upon a somewhat extensive area which was known as the Cross-bones Burial Ground, a disused cemetery in Union- street. The obsolete graveyard was 1500 yards square, and surrounded by a densely populated district. Against such an open space properly laid out as a recreation ground there could surely be no objection; under efficient control it would be a boon instead of a bane to the borough; but, according to the prosecution, the recreations systematically organised by the defendants were of an objectionably noisy and tempestuous character. There was the "razzle-dazzle" to begin with, and then came steam roundabouts, with the usual panting and gasping organ driven by steam ; boat-swings, cocoanut cockshies, and rifle galleries ; in short, all the "fun of the fair," as fun is understood by persons who like plenty of noise, horse-play, and ribaldry. It was added that the screams of the persons whose bark was on the painted ocean of the Cross-bones Burial Ground were audible from a considerable distance, and, in fact, alarmed the whole neighbourhood There was also '*ghost-show," which made the audience yelp with excitement; and altogether, what with the ''razzle-dazzle," the steam organ, the ghosts, and the cracking of rifles, the place, if we are to believe the learned counsel, Mr. Besley, was a perfect pandemonium. Nor did the evil stop here. Youthful and disorderly persons of both sexes congregated together to the number of nearly 500, waiting for the show to open. Possibly they sang the '"razzle-dazzle " song and danced the " razzle-dazzle " dance before entering the contirv- ance calculated to make them seasick without going to sea. The language indulged in by those persons was the reverse of polite and peaceable individuals residing in the immediate vicinity of the Cross-bones Fair were often compelled, through the pressure of the throng, while proceeding to their homes to walk in the middle of the roadway, there to be the butt of unseemly remarks and scurrilous jests on the part of the " razzlo-dazzleites " The prosecution finally said that they were in a position to prove that no license existed for music, dancing, or any kind of entertainment in this superannuated grave- yard. An inspector of police deposed that he had remonstrated with the four defendants on the excesses caused by the " razzle-dazzle " and its kindred attractions, and that he was told that the fair would be very soon discontinued, as the ground had been purchased by the South Eastern Railway Company A number of inhabitants in the vicinity were also called, and they gave evidence as to the annoyance to which they had been subjected by the disorderly conduct of the people who flocked to the show, and the magistrate, after hearing evidence as to the fact that there was no license for either music or dancing, committed three of the defendants for trial. The summons against Mr Barker was dismissed, his legal adviser showing that, although he was the owner of the ground, there was an entire absence of evidence against him of any guilty knowledge of the strange proceedings complained of. The law against penny gaffs or unlicensed theatres is plain enough, but that touching outdoor amuse- ments of the "fair" character has yet to be defi- nitively laid down, and the perplexity touching the right to turn waste spaces the purposes of, perhaps, turbulent diversion may account to some extent for the reluctance shown by certain members of the St. Saviour's Board of Works to authorise the prosecution of the holders of the Cross-bones Fair. It may be remembered that not long ago analagous complaints were made against some saturnalia of the steam roundabout and organ, Aunt Sally and cockshies, and fine galleries order, which had become chronic on a piece of ground near Tottenham-court-road, and, oddly enough, in the vicinity of a well-known u Nonconformist chapel. It may be considered a sufficiently strange circumstance that, of all places in London, a disused burial ground should be selected as a locality for a "razzle dazzle " carnival ; but a still stranger coincidence remains behind. The juvenile roughs who made merry in the Cross-bones Graveyard, who were rocked in the cradle of the deep — that is to say, in the "razzle- dazzle "wherry — and who were alternately moved to shouts of hilarity and screams of terror by the "ghost show," had possibly not the remotest idea that they were imitating in a coarse, squalid, and somewhat brutal fashion a festival which dunugtho thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth centuries was amazingly popular all over the Continent and to some extent in England. The rude and riotous sports of the "pandemonium" in Union-street, Borough, were only a dingy survival of the medieval "Danse Macabre," or " Chorea Macchabæorum," the dance of the seven Maccabean brothers with their mother and Eleazar. These grim festivals always took place in cemeteries, and were held both by day and by night. They were primarily instituted by the Church, but secular personages of all ranks were permitted to dance with the bishops, canons, and priests, the idea underlying the entire performance doing the inculcation of the truth that the highest and lowest of humanity are equally liable to the stroke of death, and that "sceptre and crown must tumble down. And in the earth be equal laid With the poor crooked scythe and spade." When the English, after Agincourt, had overrun nearly the whole of France, and the young Henry VI had been crowned King of France in Notre Dame, it is on record that of "Danse Macabre" on the grandest scale was organised by Exeter and other great English nobles in the parvis or cathedral close. It is a far cry from Notre Dame de Paris to Union-street, Borough; and the Cross-bones Burial Ground, with its steam organ, its "ghost show," and its razzle- dazzle, is but a sorry descendant of the mediæval mysteries which have been so splendidly illustrated by the pencil of Holborn in his "Dance of Death." The doctors have discovered that to be very tall is to be on the high road to a disease called megacria. But Dr. Cunningham, the Dublin anatomist, has just published in the members of the Royal Irish Academy a paper in which he concludes that nearly all the giants of whom any records have been kept came into this category of " megalacriacs." This stature is the result of a morbid growth, which may affect only the hands and feet and under jaw, and may include the entire body, soft parts as well as bones. Magrath, the Irish giant was a victim of this hypertrophy, though Dr. Cunningham declares that instead of his being 8ft. 4in in height, a study of his skeleton in Trinity College shows that he was in all likelihood not more than 7ft. 2½in. or 7ft. 3in high, though there are records of people who have shot up to 8ft 4½in. The Norwich Museum, which is about to be transferred to the shell of the old castle, is to be enriched by the munificent donation by Mr. R. Fitch, F.S.A., of the whole of his well-known local collection This collection, though a thoroughly represen- tative one, is especially rich in local seals, signet rings, and manuscripts, and is of the value of many thousand pounds. Mr. Fitch has also offered to bear the whole cost of fitting up the room in which it will be placed, and which will bear his name. EPP'S COCOA. — GRATEFUL AND COMFORTING/ — "By a thorough know-ledge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, and by a careful application of the line of operations of well selected Coe in Air Epps has provided our breakfast tables with a delicately- flavoured beverage which may save many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious use of such articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle maladies are floating around us enough to attack wherever there a weak point We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame." — Civil Service Gazette. Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold only in ¼lb. packets by grocers, labelled thus — James Epps and Co., Homœopath's Chemists, London. — [ADVT.] 