GLIMPSES OF GHOSTDOM. The Society of Psychical Besearch continues its investigations in the domain of ghosts, and the latest number of the ' Proceedings' (Kegan Paul) contains a number of cases of a more or less uncanny character which have recently come under ite notice. A few specimens of these may be interesting. JOHH BLANXY'S ' GHOST.' In a paper by Mr. F. W. EL Myers on ' Indications of Continued Terrene Knowledge on the Part of Phantasms of the Dead,' the particulars of a case for whioh the writer is in debted to Lady Gore Booth axe given. Her son, then a schoolboy of 10, -was the percipient, and her youngest daughter, then aged 15, also gives a first band acoount of the incident, as follows :— TiinRadell, Sligo, February, 1891. EOn the 10th of April, 1889, atabout half -past 9 0 clock a.m., my youngest brother and I were going down a short flight of stairs leading to the kitchen to fetch food for my chickens, as usual. We were about half way down, my brother a few steps in advance of me, when he suddenly said — 'Why, there's John Blaney ; I didn't know he was in the house !' John Blaney was a boy who lived not far from us, and he - had been employed in the house as hall-boy not long before. 1 said that I was Bore it was not he (for I knew he had left some months previously on acoount of ill-health), and looked down into the passage, but saw no one. The passage was a long one, with a rather sharp turn in it, so we ran quickly down the last few steps and looked round the corner, but nobody was there, and the only door he oonld have gone through was shut. As we went upstairs my brother said, ' How pale and ill John looked, and why did he Btare so V1 I asked what he was doing. My brother adswered that he had his sleeves turned up and was wearing a large green apron, such as the footmen always wear at their work. An hour or two afterwards I asked my maid how long John Blaney had been back in the house. She seemed muoh surprised and said, 'Didn't you hear, miss, that he died this morn ing V On enquiry we fotmd.he bad died about - two hours- before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should be told this, but he heard of it somehow, and at once declared that he must have seen his ghost. ? Mabel Olive Gobb Booth. 'This apparition,' saye Mr. Myers, 'unless we explaimt as a telepathic impression projected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some boors before it attained externalisation— may possibly be taken as showing something of continned memory in the departed boy.' A SCENE ON THK LAWN. Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr. Myers with the tone names, but with a request to conceal them and some local details on aooount of the painful nature of the inci dent described is the following :— Our informant, whom I will call Mrs. M., writee under date Deoember 15, 1891:— ' . . One night on retiring to my bedroom about U o'clock i thought I heard a peculiar moaning sound and some one sobbing as if in great dis tress of mind. I listened very attentively and still it continued; so I raised the gas in my itedroom and then went to the landing window of whioh I have spoken, drew the blind aside— find there on the grass was a very beautiful young girl in a kneeling posture before a soldier, in a general's uniform, sobbing, and clasping her hands together, entreating foe -pardon; but, alas! he only waved hex away from him. So muoh did I feel for the girl tbat without a moment's hesitation I ran down the staircase to the door opening upon the lawn, and begged her to come in and tell me her sorrow. The figures then disappeared. Not in the least nervous did I feel then ; -?? ??* attain to my bedroom, tookaaheetoi writm,o paper and wrote down what I had seen.' (Mrs. M. has found and sent os this paper. The following words are written in pencil on a half- sheet of notepaper : —'March 13, 1886. Have just seen visions on lawn— a soldier in general's uniform— a young lady kneeling to him. 1L40 p.m.') . . . 'It appears tbe story ;is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family bad had an illegitimate child; and her parents and relatives would not recognise her again, , and eha died broken hearted. The soldier was a near ^relative (also a oonneotion ot »y fauaband's), and it was in vain she tried to #^]ln»--the soldier's— forgiveness.' (In a mbj^qjient letter Sir X-Y.'a career is described. H*tjwae- distinguiehed offioeri) 'So vivid wasrJnyjremembranoe of the features of the eoldfcrthat some months after the' ooourrenoe, lijgjip-pk ^ happened to be oalling-with my btBbandfc*a4-oo»wiora4iher& was ftpertntt of him, I stepped before it aadeaid, 'Way, look. There Sjihegenaral' A ndaato enough it was.' as AFR&Bmqs; ut wSsmsmsB vowk sals. Here is an instance wfeerethedeoadem^ who had been strongly interested in an event whioh waa closely approaching when fee died, aeemed to choose the occasion of that event to mani fest his oontinued interest in the friend whom the little crisis—a theatrical performance— concerned. The aooount of the apparition two days 'after the death of the person seen was written down by Mr. Myers from the verbal aooount of the percipient, and corrected and Bignedbyher: — August 4, 1890. On the evening of Saturday, April 26, 1890, I was engaged with my sister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of 'The Antigone,' st the Westminster Town HsU. A passage led down to several dressing-rooms used ay the ladies who were taking part in the re presentation, and nowhere else. None of the public had any business- down this passage, although a friend came ttf the door of the dressing-room once to speak tor some of us. Z was passing from one droesing- rbom to another, a few steps further along the pas sage, just before goimroH to the stage, when I saw in the passage, leaning against the door post of- the dressing-room which I had left, a Mr. H.. whom I had met only twice; but whom I knew well by sight and as an acquaui tasoe, though I had heard nothing of him for two years. I held out my hand to him, say ing, 'Oh, Mr. H., I am so glad to see you.' In the excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd that he should have come thus to the door of the dressing-room — although this would have been an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to do. There was a bril liant light, and I did not feel the slightest doubt as to bis identity. He was a tall, singular-looking man, and used to wear a frock-coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this ooat, but noticed nothing else about him specially except his face. He was looking at me with a sad ex: pression. When I held out my hand he did not take it, but shook his head slowly, without a word, and walked away down the passage — back to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over this strange conduct, being in a great hurry to finish dressing in time. Next day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, my sister called out to me — ''Sou will be sorry to hear that Mr. H. is dead.' 'Surely not,' I exclaimed, 'for I saw him last night at 'The Antigone.'' It turned out that he had been dead two days when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr. W. S. -Lilly states that be was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly informed her sister, Miss J., of the death, of Mr. EL, and he bears witness to Miss J.'s extreme astonishment and her exclama tion— 'Why, I saw him last night at 'The Antigone !' A CASE OF ' SPIRIT GUARDIANSHIP.' As regards ' spirit guardianship' Mr. Myers thinks it need not greatly surprise any one ' if that impalpable telepathic connection which sometimes seems to be long maintained be tween two living persons were to persist after the removal of one of them by bodily death.' Tbe writer of the following, who is personally known to Mr, Myers, is the wife of Cjlonel Wickham, of 7, Comeragh-road, W.:— \- On the evening of March 13, 18/9, I was dressing myself to go to a dinner party at Admiralty House, Vittoriosa, Malta. I had accepted Admiral and Mra ? 's invitation, much against my will, as a dear friend was ' lying seriously ill at Brighton. However, the lataest accounts had been so cheering and hope ful that I had allowed myself to be persuaded by my husband into going. An eerie feeling was creeping over me in an unaccountable manner, but I tried to throw it off, and suc ceeded ' in doing so to a certain extent ; still, something made me turn my head round and stare into my husband's dressing-room, which opened into mine. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards and forwards twice. I rushed into the room— it was empty. Soon afterwards my husband came upstairs, and I told him what I had seen, but he put it do mi to 'nerves.' « As we crossed the water the cool night air seemed to revive me, and I began to laugh at myself for letting my imagination play such tricks. We got home, somehow, and I dragged myself upstairs to my room, and commenced undressing. Whilst taking down my hair I distinctly felt a hand pass oyer my head and neck as if someone was assisting me. I told my husband — to be again laughed at. I knelt to say my prayers. Instead of praying (as I had been used to do) for God to make my friend well, I, without any will of my own, prayed that he might be taken out of his misery. I went to bed. Something came and lay be side me, I clung to my husband, who tried to calm me, assuring me there was nothing there to hurt ot frighten me. A cold moath. seemed to freeze on my cheek, and I distinctly heard; ' Goodbye, Sis, good-bye,' in my friend's well-known voice. Still my husband declared he could hear nothing. I said, 'I am sure Mr. Abbott is dead.' My husband caul I was hysterical and over-wrought, drew me towards him, and . held my hand nil I fell asleep— for I suppose it wasa dream and not a vision I had. Be this as it may, I saw my friend come into my room; a livid mark was across his face. He was dressed in a night-shirk and his feet were bare. He came and sat beside me— told me he was dead — that he had left me some money, and before he died had wished to make some altera tion in his bequest, but the end had come so soon he had not time to do so. He repeated his ' Good-bye,' kissed me, and disappeared. I told my husband of my dream, and marked the date. Five days afterwards a latter with, a deep blaok border came to me from my friend's brother, telling me his brother had passed away at 10 o'clock, March 13. Allowing for the dif ference of time, Mr. Abbott must have come to me either just before or just after his death. The legacy left me was as he had stated, also the fact that he had intended to make a change as regarded it, but though the lawyer was sent for he came too late. August, 1890. 