COUNTKY INTELLIGENCE. [From our own correspondents.] BAEOOTA, March 18. Southerly -triads always prevailing with thick clouds, ever to be seen with many threatenings to rain, but not fulfilment, is our weather report for the past fortnight. Seeding has commenced, and rain is needed if only to replenish empty tanks. \--?T public school tanks are empty, and the children have to get their supply from a private well near by. We had a grand pyrotechnic display in our hills a few weeks ago. The fires burned brilliantly for over a week, much grass being consumed, It was a splendid sight, however, the whole country at the base of the hills being illuminated thereby The people .in the district are busying themselves now in the matter of railway connection with Orroroo. For many years it has been thought that the country at the foot and to the east of the Flinders Eange should be connected by rail with the seaboard. The railway was first talked abont twelve years ago, and a running survey was then made, but the project not being ripe for accomplishment, things have been inabeyance since that time, however, the districts concerned seem very earnest now. The aniversary services of the Bible Christian Sunday-school were held on Sun <la.y last, the IJev. E, Hill preached in tlie afternoon and Mr. J. W. Walden in the evening. The attendances were good. On Wednesday the tea and public meetings were attended by a goodly number. The meeting was crowded, the children gave recitations varying in kind, and rendition according to age. "My Old Men," a child s recitation, was pathetically given,'as also was "The child to the Moon," and Doth being of the deepest kind were fully appreciated, though what the cat-calls indulged in by some hoodlums had to do with the "Child" or the "Moon" in the last-named piece, the audience was at a loss to know. A supper held afterwards was a big success, and those recently intro duced games which, perhaps, are new to Kapunda readers, "Jolly Miller," "Dis appointments," "Twos and Threes," &c.;, were indulged in till a late hour. If you want to thoroughly enjoy yourself, go to a country "muffin scramble." Every one I seems to make himself agreeable, and, to | my mind, the very acme of sociability is to be found at such a spree. | The Baroota Literary Society has begun t its second session. The first meeting was held on Thursday, the 10th March, when the following officers were elected:-Pre | sident, Mr. S. Golding; vice-presidents, Messrs. Jno. Bews, jun., P. TTiHam j.p^ and G. Stone, J. P.; secretary and Treasurer, Mr. T. H. S. Nicolle; committee, Misses 3L Hulster, Oolding, and Messrs. B. Williams, and G. Stone, jun. Messrs. W, W. Lewis j and Jno. Stone-were elected auditors. Mr. W. Coe. who bowled so well for the Upper Norths against the Lower Norths in the recent match, is a resident here, and. has long had a reputation as a bowler. . His success is all the more brilliant when, it is known that of late he has had little or no, practice* POET WAKEFIELD, March 19. A cricket match, was played here last: Wednesday; March 16, between the Port Wakefield and Bajaklava teams.. The Wakefields batted first,, and only- made 69 in. twor-and-a-half hours, owing- to the straight bowling of th.e BalakL&va;'s together with their- excellent fielding, and to some extent to the heavy condition of' the playing ground. The highest scorers for Port Wakefield were F. C.. Fau.ehon 20, D. Brown 19, and P. H. Adams 11, the last named being given run. out, a palpable mistake. The Balaclavas knocked up, within a dozen or so of the required runs for five wickets, but their- batsmen were favored by luck, albeit several showed good defence and made sortie good strokes, W. Peek especially doing, some good batting. A good attendance of spectators witnessed; the match, which was, on- the- whole, very enjoyable. Our new. pitch is in progress,, and I hope to be able to report some- good.' scoring as the- result of a. good ground and pitch ere long; The weather-has laeen coot mostly of late,, and signs of the approaching winter are. noticeable, but these- has been no rain of ' importance for a considerable time, in. con sequence of which, water tanks are becoming dry, and a fall of rain, is a. " consummation devoutly to be wished.3' Dredging operations are still in progress for the purpose of deepening the anchorage, at the river mouth, and a trery-considerable quantity of silt is every- day- carried away from the river bed. I don't think it is j generally known that there are extensive. i locomotive workshops here, and" that a large- staff of hands is being kept constantly [ employed. Qpfchalmia is - prevalent now, especially amongst children.. ? I think, Mr. Editor* I concluded' my- last letter with a reference to- the "ghost" which hovered around here for several nights, and causing quite a scare. In fact " it" became quite the talk of the town, and I fancy the " ghost" heard the talk, and, not caring to reoeive a pistol shot or a stab with a carving-knife, to. say. nothing of brick bats, decided to "be low" for a. time. The affair suggested the following iraes:- ° TBE LAY- OF- THE* WAKBFTEtiD GHOST. Now listen to my tale of woe, A, tale correct and true ; ?A weird-and eerie sort, you hnow : That thrijl&oiie.; through and through I It, was .in snug Port Wakefield, mi eighteen ninety-two Tb^time of day, the evening1 dust. When cool tlie.night air- blew. ?t?renty dozen people.went, __Kach silent as a -post, IVith gaps, andother weapons crneL To limit the Wakefield ghost. Sat thp ghost wasn't there. T^y- kept all- close together * or fear tliey might be nabbed, Tbeylooked about to. see the weather. Afraid of being grabbed. And farther on and further Advanced this mighty host With weapons deadly. y.-t afraid They'd meet the Wakefield ghost. And the ghost didn't care. They started out with boldness In every searcher's breast. But boldness vanished quickly And courage failed the test. I When they had searched the outskirts. | B-yond the town and coast I Where several previous evenings Had roajned the Wakefield-ghost, t Bat the ghost was not afraid;. Then somehow all the party. Begau to Start for home, Aud all were pretty sorry. i they had ever come. Iw alt were quite decide, Despite the r former boast, ??nat notbiug was so hard to eatob, A,s that Port Wakefield- ghost. . And the ghost in bed was laid1.. HURRA, March 22:. The local town council met last night, when the business of the meeting was gofc through in about two hours. The financial position of the council is very satisfiictof-y, the general account having a balance ia the bank of £173 0s. 7*1., while the other accounts were in a pleasing state. «£150 has been received on account of the main road grant, of which another £17 o is due. A large amount of road metal is- being secured ready for spreading when the rain comes.. Taken altogether, the council is in a very satisfactory position. Our local cabbies are much better behaved now than they have been for soiae time. Three of them were fined Jil each last week for obstructing the railway platform touting tor passengers, &c.;, the payment of which amounts has cooled their excitement. A cricket match was played on Saturday last on the local oval between a team from the Aberdeen Cricket Club and a team of stragglers from Kooringa. The Stragglers proved too good for their opponents, and .won easily- The Aberdeens scored 102, and the Stragglers secured 105 for the loss oi one wicket. The interest in the coining coursing meeting is still intense, many wagers hav ing already been laid as to the merits of particular dogs. Training is being pushed on with inevery direction, and some fine work is expected when the animals meet. The committee have decided to allow the horserace meeting to fall through this year .on account of the lads of interest in the sport. All hands appear to have gone in for .dog training for coursing purposes. Our monthly stock sales are not so largely attended as they have been, but the clearing-out sales oh every hand are well patronised. Many of the farmers around here are selling out, which proves that agriculture is not near the successful game many think it to be. Notwithstanding the recent rise in the price of copper, the men who have been so long at work on tribute at the Burra mines are tired out, and have decided to quarry road metal in preference to copper ore. The Bev. E. J. Daddow, of the local Primitive Methodist Church, has returned home again. The rev. gentleman has been away ill for some time, and he is still very slight. I understand he is suffering from some affection of the longs. 