Biief Mention. |« ? fh Weather showery and very unsettled. ' ?? The CorakiCouncil doing some useful work in Richmond Terrace. V Tho wet weather. has retarded progress in the erection of Nolan's new hotel. Bungawalhin 'people contemplate erecting a public nail on a site generously offered by Mr. Olive. '.???' ;i k ' ? ; ' ! inspect m iww snow wuiier stocK, personally Beleoted and being sold rapidly.*'' ? Mr. Surveyor Walker ana staff now in Coraki attending to several important matters. \- -Appeal Court in connection with Municipal. Asseamont will be held on Monday. : Woodburn Progress Association again mov ing in the Evans River canal scheme. ? Coal at Coraki mine shows a wonderful im provement. Under Mr. Robins' management liatters at the mine begin to look shipshape. j There are running about town several can cerous cattle, which in the interests of public health should be destroyed. ; During last flood the waters ran up Tuckoin liil Creek for five days before breaking over the banks. This water would all go direct to the ocean, if the drain from Tuckombil Creek to Evans River was cut, and the country would not be flooded. Mr. H. Strong, of Rows, has over 120 acres of cane under cultivation. This is probably the largest area grown by any individual far mer in the colony. Public wharf and shed badly wanted at Wyrallah. We would suggest the removal of the 'white horse ' from South Gundurimb.i. . The Messrs. M'Anghey, of Tuckmimba, are erecting a substantial wharf, the piles being driven by Mr. J. Kennedy. The example might well be followed by others on the North Arm. . . ? ?? The reports from blasting operations at Riley's Hill quarry can be distinctly heard at Coraki. A first call of one penny per share lias been mode in the Coraki and Richmond Hill ' Coal MiningCo. : ? ?: ThetSovernment take along time to com mence authorised work. ' Vide Richmond' Terrace.' '? ' ' : - - ? : Read M'Rae's advertisement in this issue, and then' visit his Trade' Palace Store hi Rich mond Terrace.' The estimated population of West Australia on March 31 was 54,300. Mr. Cooke, late Police Magistrate at Dun gog, has retired from the public service, and commenced business in Dungog as a mining, land, and commission agent. Tenders for the construction of a railway line from Temora to Cootamundra will be called for at an early date. The estimated cost is. £140,000. . , : ? jRecently whilst Mr. Pearson, a commercial traveller, was at Foster, he had the misfortune to lose a valuable dog, through the animal ibeing bitten by an adder. The good people of Taree have succeeded in raising about £40 for the widow and child of j the late James Allison, second officer 'of the i Electra, who was recently drowned. ! The Coraki-Brpadwater road is now in an impassable state. If Mr. Crummer would open a. drain from the low portion of Wood burn- Lismore road, near Milgate's, intoDunga ruba Creek, the water would be carried off all the roads above mentioned. The expenditure which would be entailed by this would be a very small item compared with the vast nmonnt of good which would result. It is to bo hoped the work, will be caried out before the traffic to Broadwater during the sugar season sets in.. Seventy' prisoners are working at the Trial Bay breakwater, and being 'good conduct men, ' receive a small wage in consideration of their labour. ' ' Steps are now being taken at Grafton to arrange the starting a untter factory, to be erected on a site suitable for suppliers on Carr's and Alumy Creeks. Lord Carrington, in a speech, said it was worth while taking a trip to Australia if only to note the absence of class hatred and religi ous prejudices there. The editor of the Gunyanville Gazette gives the following pathetic advice,-— ' If you nave frequent headaches, dizziness, and fainting spells, accompainod by chills, cramps, corns, bunions, chilblains, epilepsy, and jaundice, it is a sign that you are not well, but are liable to die any minute. Pay your subscription a year in advance and thus make yourself solid for a good obituary notice.' The ' Oxford Ghost,' which had caused some sensation, has been found out, and was nothing more alarming than a frolicsome un dergraduate, who manipulated from a distant window a string, to the end of which a walk ing-stick had been attached. ' Mrs. Gordon-Baillie,' who, after one of tire most extraordinary careers of deception on record, was sentenced to five years' imprison ment in 1883, has been released from prison. As a man was about to fill up a grave at Richepeu he heard a movement in the coffin. Being alarmed he ran for assistance. When tho coffin was broken open the lips of the sup posed corpse were still moving, but death en-, sued in a few minutes. Berry, the executioner, has sent a letter to the Home Secretary resigning his position as ' executioner for Great- Britain,' because hn was not permitted to use what length of rope he desired. The annual sale of the Queen's purebred shorthorns took place at Windsor. A bull which had carried off many prizes fetched £1000. The Prince and Princess of Wales visited Windsor recently, and gave instructions as-to the final resting place of the body of tho late Duke of Clarence, which will be removed to the royal vaults beneath St. George's Chapel, from where it now lies. Australian apples in good condition are bringing fair prices in London some kinds being sold at 16s per cose. The annual rateable- value of property with in the Lismore Municipality totals the sum of £22,168, whilst the capital value amounts to £132,125. Two children of Mr. W. J. Campbell of Prince-street Grafton, were nearly . drowned last Saturday morning. A little girl of about 10 years of age was nursing the baby near the public wharf, when, by some means, they fell in. Mr. J. O'Mara, of the steamer Lurlinc, heard another child screaming, and seeing at a fiance what was the matter, jumped in, and rought tho two children safely to land. v Mrs. R. Hamilton, wife of the principal- of the Grafton Grammar school, was found dead in her bedroom last Sunday morning. An in quest was held on Monday, when a verdict of death from an epileptic fit was returned. Deeming has been writing annoying letters to Miss RounsfeH's sister at Bathurst, who has telegraphed tothe Commissioner of Police in Melbourne, asking his protection from Deem intj's annoyances. Donald, the aboriginal, was executed in the Brisbane goal, last Monday for committing a capital offence upon a married woman. Death was instantaneous. ' Mr Owen Hynes of the Freemason's Hotel Grafton, took a fit last Sunday night, and was with some difficulty- brought round. He is progressing well towards recovery. Cardinal Moran says it is the duty of mem bers of the Church to endeavour to prevent the spread of anarchial doctrines. The Lalraur League has decided- to hold an indignation meeting to denounce the tactics of the National Association- - The parishioners of Armidalo have' presented Archdeacon Ross, with £163 on the occasion ofhis departure forfinglundon a year's holiday. Mr. Dibbs has decided to start on his jour ney to England next Saturday night, leaving Sydney station by the ordinary mail train for Melbourne. He will join the Orotawa at Adoluide. Steps are being taken to establish a butter factory at South Graflon Edward O'Kelly, found' guilty of stealing a portmanteau from tho Langham Hotel, was sentenced to three years' hard labour in Darliugliuitit gaol Mr. W. Wilson, Manager of tho Lismore Dontitl Kstablishmeut, was awarded a first prize for dental work at the recent Exhibition. His patients are always satisfied.* 