Strange Diseases and Strange Remedies. There is an interesting paper in "Cham bers's Journul" upon "Slraugo Diseases and Strmiee Remedies ' ns observed and praotised in Ireland. Credulity and superstition are not confined to the lower classes nlono in Ireland. A story told mo us an nctunl fact by nil edu cated hnly, the daughter and sister of a clergy- man, iniglit very woll ho classed us an instanco of both. "We Wore tlisoussiag tho subject of charms, nnd I wus surerisod to seo that she believed in tliom herself, us did a lso lior rovorond brother. " I eunnot. doubt what I know to bo true myself," sho said ; and told us tho follow ing tale, which I givo in hor own words : " Thoro was a man iu our village, a roBpootnblo shopkoopor, who wasufllicted with an enormous tumour in his chook. I well reraombcr the feelings of awe and ouriosity with whioh I used to inspoot his profile in church when I was a ohild. lie sat a fow pows in front of us, nnd I could not resist tho tempta tion of watching him all through tho ser vice, and looking for the grotesquo cffcoto of his enormously exaggerated cheek. His in firmity seemed to inoroaso with years, and the ioor man was a frightful objeot. One day not ong ago, I passed n man in tlie villago street whoso face I scomod to know, una yet I could nut think of his namo. It suddenly dawned upon mo It was Mr. without lira swollen check 1 I could hardly boliaro my senses, and followed him into a shop on pur- poso to see if it really could ho the mnn I had seen only tho Sunday before, so marvellously obanged in such a short time. Yos, it uertaiuly was Mr. . Ho uddresscd mo first, saying, I supnoso you hardly recognise ino ' ; and ho thou told mo how lio wus cured. It was by a charm I He was advised to go oiit tho first night tho now moon wus visible, and, after saying 'In tho name of tho Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner-plato round his head nino times townrds the new moon. He did so, and in the morning his tumour hud com pletely disappeared." Suoh was tho tala told to mo und implicitly believed in by an educated Irish lady. Tlio lower orders of Irish are as a rule rather hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments. A fnvourico poultice for wounds is a paraffin candle scraped and some cnbbage, all boiled togother, A simplo but rather unpleasant remedy for u cut leg wnR recommended to an old mun — it was to sit with his leg in a bogholo ull night. This ho tried with perfect success. His leg got quite well ; but, ns ho died of bronchitis u fow days afterwards, ho did not long onjoy liis " perfect mu'O." A carpenter, who in chopping wood lind out. a slice off his shinbono with the luitohet, first, applied a poullico of nettles nnd salt. This not healing it immediately, lie put on a handago soaked in "Venice turpentine. As tho wound remuined obstinate, and even got worse under his gentle treatment, ho deter mined to bo firm witli it and show it lio would stand no more nonsense ; so ho burned it with bluestouo I Ha did not loso tlio leg, but it did not recover until less heroin remedies were used. A poor man suffering from inflammation of tho eye, caused by a thorn, hud bluestone blown in. Ho did loso tho eyo. A favourite remedy for every kind of internal pain iB hot vincgur punch ; indued, vinegar tnkon either cold or hot is considered almost a spooiiio for everything. It must ho comforting in somo eases! It. is much used for it "squeezin1 on tho hart," whioh ia tho commonest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help enoh other iu cases of sickness, either witli nursing or good udvico : hut I fear in most oases tho remedies prescribed are fur worse than tho disoitse. A villago tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young blacksmith whoso wifo had presented him with their first baby wus horrified to find that tlio infant lind boon born with teeth. So unusual mi ovent must bo un lucky; no tho poor baby's teeth wero drawn by tho unskilled hand of tho blaoksmith. The baby died ; und the mother, shocked and grioved by tho acono, died soon after winds, " Butsnro, bo'd never huvo had luck or grace if them unlucky toetli hadn't been dhrow! ' ' x 