HOT ABOVE DIAMONDS. Tlio Iter. Edward lVle. curuto of St. Mark's, Shclburn, Hsrdly realised the modem ideal of a modem oltT'.'ymun. As most of our modern ideuU nro founded on nothing inoro niitorial than a novelist's coneoption of man as he ought to be, it would haro been strango if iio had. Even detectives, amateur or pro- fessional, find it hard to live up to tho standard sot b?foro thom by writers of fiction, jievortheles. Mr Poelo did his work fjiirly well in tho lower middle-class suburb of the great i>ort to which the necessity of earning his living- bad called him, and thunked fnto daily that his lot WfW not east in the pariah of St. Paul, dowqby Ui« docks. About 9 o'clock at nigfct. if he happened to bo at homo in bis lorings, it wus lus custom to lay aside his tl«lricul coat, put on his collcgo blazer, and l-t tho wayward thoughts of tho natural matt lmvo free play til! bedtime, lie thought itrnlher hard lines if any ono ddled on parish business at that hour, aitd bad told Mrs Leo, his landlady, to parle? with any such inconsidoratepersons at the outer gate, and if possiblo, induce them to cull again at a more convenient season. Consequently, ono ovoning in tho Sprutf of tho year 1877, he was annoycd|»ben Irs Leo knocked at I119 door, and -"aid that a young woman wanted toseo hiin. " Can't she come to-morrow " he asked testily, llis modest stipend did not allow him to indulgo in (i luxury of a special room for pastoral interviews, and ho was half way through his first pipe and had just opened a bottlo of beer. 'No, Sir; leastways she say3 not," roplied the landlady, ovidently doubtful of the caller's vorncity.' ' "All right; then show her in. Do you know who she is ?" asked tho curntc. i-V Nq, .sir, not by namo ; but I think it's a young person In tho' dressmaking at "Webb's," roplied Mrs'Lce in a tone that implied Her poor opinion of Mr "Webb's drossmakcrs as a body. The curate's faco brightened. His favorito Sunday school teacher did, ho knew, occupy tho responsible position of " first hand," in tho great drapery estab lishment of Wubb aim Co. Iio rose and went to tho door himself, polito aud apologetic. " Oh I pray como in, TVIisa Jobson," be said ; ' I bad nb idea it was you. This is an unexpected pleasure. Won't you tnko a seat K") Ho continued as his landlady closed tlio door bolrind tho visitor and retired to", tho kitchen in tue basement sniffing superciliously. Miss Jobson was ir young woman ap parently about flvo-aml-twenty — tho curato's own age— decidedly pretty in a somewhat prououupjid;, fltylo, and quito self-possessed. "itcally I don't know vrhat you will think of nic, Sir jl'Qcle, calling tit this hour," she said, as flho took tho praffcrcd chair, "but I am kopt so lalo nt business just now that i " Don't raonlion lit, Miss Jebson," ho iuternqfted." " As! you 6oe, I am mora fortunate, than you; For oucc in a way I havo finished my work unusually early, and was— was really fooling quite lonely." ' Tho gentleman smiled as ho finished bis sentence, tho ladyhlusbing slightly, and thoir oyesmof.' Then sho coughed -and looked down. It was a HUle — a Tory.littlo— cough ; but tho curato said immediately "Ob, dear, 1'tn afraid the smoko is troublesomo to yoii," Miss Jebson. Bad bachelor's habits, you see." j "Not at all, Mr-Peolo," slie hnstcncd to reply ; " uot at'itll; I assure you. It smells— woll, bomoliko, you know and .again tbeir oyes mot. Tho oyo has bcon called tlio rapier of flirtation,. and it was ovidctit that tho curate and Miss Jobson wcro now enjoying mot by any means thoir first bout with that fascinating weapon. Their conver sation, too, was frisky and did credit to their capacity for making tho best of this .rare opportunity- of allowing natural frivolity to forget for a moment its artificial trnmmols. After flitting around arioifs subjects it touched nt last lightly upon tho bottlo of beer, and tlio curato was only pmvontod from opening ono.for.hUvisitor by bor frightened ex clamation of: "" ' " "No, don't, Mr Peolo 1 She'll hear tho cork pop." This reforonco to Mrs Leo modo tho curato, as it wero, lower his point for a whilo, and with as noar an approaoh to bis clerical manner as could bo expected ; under tho circumstnnco. ho asked ; "By tho byo, Miss Jobson, what was it ;-you wnntcd tosijo me about?" " Thcro now," rotortod sho, still play- fully, "you nearly made mo forget nil about it with your nonsenso. 1 wonted to ask you about— about a sorb of legacy." "A logaoy! A large ono, I liopo," snid tho curato suavely, "But you know, mv dear Miss Jobson, I am not sufficiently blessed, or burdonod, with this world's goods to be much of uti authority nbout investments." \-- "It isu't exactly about invostracnt I want to ask you," she replied, showing 'or tho first ttrno somo slight confusion of manner. "It's not money; it's dia monds.!'' , . "But diamonds," objooted the curate, 'can bo turned into xnouny, you know." " Yos," sho ossontod, "that's just it. How. am I to turu thom into money? I bad an undo who wont out to the Capo many' years ago, and ho has jnst sent .thom to mo by a sailor— a nmto," " Sont thom to you b/ a sailor?" re peated tho curate. " Was net that ' rather rash Woll, I suppose it wss," sho agreed, /'but it was vory liko poor uncle. Bo- sides, the man.who brought them camo from our villogo ; it wasn't liko trusting o stranger, you know." . "Then you uuelo isn't dead asked tho curate. " Oh I no. At least bo wasn't when he sent thom ofF," ' sho replied, but 1 don't know whero ho is oxcopt that it's somo- wbcro in South Africa, and Jack Suggitt — that's tho sailor— just handed ino tho basket and said: 'iJoro, Polly, your Undo Fred sent you theso with his love," and was off almost boforo I bad time to thank him, as ho suilod that tide for San Franoisco. Iio said he hud only been in port threo days, and had baa some troublo to find mo."; ""Dear ma, what a very ourions pro ceeding 1" remarked the curate. " Didn't your, undo oven solid a letter with them?" " -"No, 'nothing," sho replied. "Just tbe diamonds; that was all." "What a strango way of sending a present, ho said, "especially as I sup pose it was a valuable one." " Woll, yes ; I eupposo thov aro valuable. Thorn are Mich a lot of them; look, MrPeelo," and sho took from her pockot a small eanvas bog and poured its' contents out on the table. Tho curato was duzzlod ; not literally, oocauso the stones wero unont, but meta phorically, Ho had oxpoctod to soe half a doten goms at the most, and thcro wcro about 200 spread bofore him. "My' dear girl," ho oxdaimcd, startled, " do,' for goodnoss' sake, put them away boforo Mrs Lee comos in. 1 bad iio idea you hod so many. But how do you know thoy aro diamonds ? " " Well, Suggity said thoy were, and 1 showed my landlady's son, who works at a jeweller's, just one liitlo ono," sho ex plained. VWby,: tbevmnfitbo worth thousands," ho soid. " 1 really don't know what to advise." i . Ho Was prevented from considering tho matter fuHhcr just thon by, Mrs Leo, who knooked at 'the door, opened it, glanced wit$ some asperity at Miss Job- son, bogged pardon, and remarked that, thinking the lady must hqvo gono, alio had come up to fasten tho front door. On this hint Miss Jobson roso, aud the eurate, -who trembled nt thothoughtof such wealth going unprotected, procured to esoort her home, Their way lay through quiot-jtreete o&the; outiUrte of tho town, aud as they went tho spirit of tlirtatiou reamed its sway. They are, us tho novelists say, when they have : enough to work ' on without pad- diug the volume with another love scene, conversations which tho im agination of the experienced reader is able to supply for itself. The imagina tion of tho reader will therefore doubtless be equal to the task of picturing to itself how tho infiuonco of tho diamouds gradu ally materialised the spirit of flirtation on tins occasion, until it presented an appearance indistinguishable from that of serious love-making. Tho serious love-making, moreover, did not end with the walk. Mr Pool be longed by birth to much the «mo social stratum us Miss Jebson, and his univer- vcrsity career had somehow failed tu inioiio him with cither nristocratio nrcjudit'CS or high aspirations. Iio had no means beyond bis stipend, untl confessed to himself in mo ments of candor that ha had neither virtues, talents, nor interest enough to expect lngh or speedy promotion. The pretty dressmaker and her diamonds might, ho felt sure, bo bis for the trouble of naking, and ere long he put his confidence to tbe test. The lady had no reason for saying no. As a clergyman's wife, she thought sho would have nu assured and desirable position in society, aud she liked well enough the clergyman who was willing to give her tbu chance of taking it. Whether ho would have married her without tho diamonds she did not ask herself— for indeed, sho knew that it would have been impossible for him to do Neither of thom had any relations to consult, so within a month of tho sale of tho stones—which tho curato. effected with tho help of his banker for between L12,0()0 and L13,000— thoy wero quiotly married, Thrco months later tho clerical journals notified tho appointment of the itev. Edward Peelo, late curato at St. Mark's, Sbclburn, to the so-cullcd living of Pcthcrby — oiio of those unfortunate placos which aro occasionally advertised as needing nu earnest clergyman with enough privato means to tnako him inde pendent of any official incomo. One evening toward tho end of Inst Juno tho vicar of Pctberby sat in his gardon arguing witn liis wife, or rather listening resignedly, to what sho had to say on tho subject of tkeannualinigrutiou to tho sonsido. The position of vi caress seemed to huvo suited Mrs Peclo. Sho had grown stout, but was still quito ns good looking as any woman of forty, tho mother of thrco children, can expect to bo. Her eyes wcro us bright as over, though tho glances thereof lmd lost nil unseemly levity and assumed tho power that comos of much practice in tho art of keeping farmers' wives iu their proper places. She ruled her husband and tbe parish with an autocratic, but, on tho wholo, a benolicont sway. The Rev. Edward Peelo had distinctly degcncratod since his Shclburn days, lie, too, had grown stout, as lazy men in easy places aro apt to do. His faco was rod, and as tho face of ono who lives al most too well. As his wife's lieutenant ho administered tho affairs of his parish in a way that, if it did uot call forth tho ndmirntion of his bishop, yet escaped his admonition as perhaps tho best that could he expected from a man a littlo below the averago for next to notbiug His only remaining tasto of an olovo- ting character was a fondness for cricket. Tho village club he managed himself, aud its aflairs consequently showed tuoro ten dency to get into a tangle thun is com mon oven in villugo crickot clubs. With tho hopo of seeing his favorito game played in perfection ouco again- ho had tried to por- suado his wifo to take hor Summer change at Skclmcrshatn. au inland water ing placo famed for its cricket fort night. Jt was not to ho, ltowover. Parsons of high dogrco were common at Skcltner- shaui, and Airs Peclo thoro felt herself nobody. And ono above tho rank of a dissenting minister counted for somebody at Bormby, a llfth-rato aea-sido place, aud so to Burrnby sho had dutcriuiucd to go as usnnl. After coudesconding to sot forth mora iu detail than usual her. reasons for this step, sho remarked by way of porord- tiou " Tbon that cottlo it, Edward. If you go on Monday to look for rooms, you ought to got back by Wednesday night, anu wo can all io&vo; hero early Thursday morning." Next Monday evening tlio vicar accordingly fouud himself in tlio melan choly coffco room of tho only hotol at Bnrmby gazing into tlio ompty liroplaco, which was not yet deco rated for tho season, smoking nnd tbiuking— if tho word can bo applied to tho vaguo musings of a man wlio for Id years has lived a lifo as idlo and solf-in- ilulgout ns is compatible with sustaining without ill reputo tho character of vicar of n small country parish. Ho had just coiue to tlio comfortable but probably falso conclusion that but for his wifo and her diamonds ho might havo been a hotter, or at least a more eminent, man, whou tho door opened sharply nnd a second guest entered the room. The vicar looked up, and tho new-comer greeted him with — " Hullo I All alone here, and down in tho dumps tool Better join me iu a drink, Sir, just to lift you out of tbcuia bit 1" Tho vicnr was not accustomed tounovo in that section of socioty in which tho offer ofra drink from a total stranger is not unoommon, but ho wus still less nccustomcd to rcfuso at n momont's notico to ,do anything ho wus told. Moreovor, ho lmd read that American desperadoes hold tho refusal of such an offer a sufficient oxcuso for thouso of their favorite weapon, uud tho man boforo him was uot uuliko his mental picturo of nn Amoricau desperado, ho ho murmured feebly : "Well, thank you I was indeed, thinking of ringing for tho water when you camo in. lieally, I think nothiog makes ono so thirsty as travelling." " lliug away, tucn," responded tho fitruuger. "What's it to bo though? Whisky ? Bight. Waiter, two big whiskios and soda. Soda's a sort of an- tidoto to thu poison thoy call whisky in this kind of shanty, don't you think r "But, iudocd," ventured tho vicnr, as his new acquaintance paused for breath, " (ho whisky thoy used to keop hero was rather good." " Beeu lioro boforo, havo you thon, Mr — — " rejoined tho other, and pausod again, as if expecting to be suppliwi with tho namo. " Poole is my name," replied tho vicar, who was affable, and hud not enough dignity to booffended at themau'sbrusquo manner, "Might I ask — ' But ho got no furthor. With an oath tlio stranger jumped up from tho table on which ho had taken his scat and roared out : "What? By tho living jingo, PaU, did yon say ?" "No," replied the elergyman timidly. "Poelo — P, doublo e, 1, o. The other said nothing for a moment, but eyed thetromblingvicarsnspiolonalv. " Wero you ever in a placo, crib, bertu, or whatever you preachers call it, at Sbelburn I" ho asked at last. Intuitively the vioar knew that a truthful answer -to this question would entail unpleasant oonsequonoes, and, not being of the stuff of wfiioh martyrs mo made, ho replied unblushingly ; " No, Sir ; never in my life." " Ah, well,' sold tho stranger, who had now calmed down considerably, " then you oan't be tho man." " What man do you meon f" asked tho vioar, Tho other laughed. " Oh I a chap in your line of life who married un old fnoml of juino years ugo," ho said lightly, " I'vo oftou thought I'd liko to meet him, and find out whottoifc of a yamPollyipnn Lin about-' my diamonds, and if she told him she bad 'em beforo or after they were spliced." Ho delivered himself of tho latter part of this remark more ns if lie wero think ing aloud thnn addressing his com panion. Then ho relapsed into a moody silence, fixed himself more (irmly on the table, and Eat swinging his legs with nu empty pipe between his teeth, absorbed, no doubt, in memories of the past. The vicar, watching bhu cautiously out of tho corner of his eye, was able to take in tho details of his nppcurnnco better than ho had hitherto dono. 1 lo seemed to be a reckless, good-humored sort of fel low, with something of the sailor nbout him, and a good deal of tho freo-living blackguard. To drink ho was evidently no Htrangw.andyet his clothes wero good enough to make it clear that ho was in no immedioto want of ready money. Tho vicnr had just come to tho conclusion that the man was probably a littlo mad, and might on occasion bo not a littlo dun. gcrous, when ho spoko again. " I believe there's something they call a billiard table iu tbis hole," ho said. "Do you play, Governor?" As Mr Peelo had not touched a cue sinco bis undergratuate days, his answer of " A littlo, but 1 nm rather short of practico,y was moro literally truo ftn usually is wben used by amateurs as tho projier form of reply to a stranger pro posing a game. Mr Pcelo's knowledge of billiards was, as a matter of fact, very elementary in deed, but he would havo played quoits— of which ho knew absolutely nothing— for a pound a side rather than loso the chance of gcttinc a littlo further informa tion nbout Polly and tho diamonds. His desiro for knowlodgo wus soon gratified. Tho stranger tired of an oppo- nent who had to bo rotninded continu ally, when in hand, thnt a ball in bulk was unplayable, and said sarcasti cally : " I don't think, friond.yon wero quito Bobotts at six stone whon you wcro turned out of training. Suppose wo sit down and havo nnothor <lrinlr Tho vicar accepted this proposal will- ingl/i though ho mildly insisted on payiug for tho drink. Tho stranger, uftcr some persuasion, allowed him to do so, declaring at tho sntno time his own ability pud readiness to buy up tlio cellar of tho iun if ho chanced to find com panions to bis liking, ready to do their shore in swallowing its coutonts. "Yet, you know, parson," he went on, " I liko you tho better for stunding your turn. Gents in your lino aro most of 'em all take and no givo. 1'voxfton thought it must rilo Chaplains in Portland and plnoes not beiug ablo to pass around tho plato to tho conviots. IJufc not ono of you, I'll lay, ever had such a haul at ono cast as that chap Pell," " Oh I you mean tho man thnt married your friond with tho diamonds," said tho vicar as unconcernedly as ho could. " I should liko to hear tho story." " Well," said tho other grnciouslv, " you seem a good sort, and you shaft. In those days, fifteen years ago or so, I bud a lovely littlo bag of shiners, uncut. Enough to sot a man up for life in a modost way if ho oould sell 'cm honest nnd keop clear of thoso foreign thieves in Amsterdam. And I gavo thom all to this giil, that I'd known from a child, to keep for mo " . " Bat why did you do that?" inter rupted tho clergyman. " Surely it was rasb. "Why did you not disposo of thom, yourself or deposit thom with a banker ? " " Why didn't I— " began tho other, but chocked himsolf and survoyod his questioner with a somewhat suspicious and decidedly hazy oyn. " Oh 1 You waut to know too much, you do. Perhaps tho niarkot was falliug pint then, or per haps I had aprossingiuipointmont— nevor you mind. Anyhow, I lift 'otu with Polly Jebson on a sort of tiino bargain. If I turned up within 10 years wo wero to 806 up housekeeping on 'em, ami if J didn't, well, thoy wero hers anyway. 1 got off light— 1 menu relumed boforo tho tiiuo was up a good three years— and blessed if I didn't find she'd married a parson within twelve months of tho tiino 1 went away. Camo into money, the folks said, aud left her situation to marry this chap called Pell." "Doar mol" remarked the vicar, doing his best to speak sympathetically, yet calmly, " Vhata huso betrayal of trust! And did you tako no stops to trace her and yonr proporty ? " " Not mo," replied tho othor iu a scornful f one. " For ono thing I'd oorno into a nico bit of money iu tho intorval ; moro thnn ns much ns did for mo, being a man of simplo tastes ; and for another, as I told you, it didn't exactly suit my book to lot all the world know I had tho 3toncs. Not that I hadn't coma by thom honestly onough— but there, nil that don't matter, anyway." "Thon you really don't know what be- camo of her or them?" asked tho vicar. " Well, no; not exactly, " said his com panion, "and I don't want. I'm not a spiteful chap, and it would do mo no good to stir up old mud; but if I met thnt chap PoA blessed if I don't think I'd ask him whether his wifo eror mentioned Jack Suggitt, As for Polly, I dure say I was well out of tho way at tho price. Sbo'll havo run to fat aud temper, and porhapsa largo family, as liko as not. Her mother did. But I'm precious dry ; lot|a havo ono moro drink before turning Tho vicar sighed, but did not refuse. Ho felt that Mr Suggitt's mood was nut to be doponded on, and that ho was in a ticklish position. Hie drinks camo anil wero consumod in silence. Then, to tho vicar's great relief, tho other said politely : "Well, good night, governor. Early to bed's my motto whon thoro isn'tonytlung to sit up for. Glad to lmvo mot you. Soo you again to-morrow, oh ? I'm hero for a week or two myself under the doctor's orders." Ho retired without waiting for a roply, nnd tho vicar, after a judicious interval, followed his example, sorely troubled in mind. Ho slept but littlo that night, and fled by tho first train in tbu morning. His wifo, aftor grooting him with tho expression of hor disbelief in his ability to thoroughly insnect all tho suitable npartincnts and chooso tho vory host iu iosh tiino than sho lmd allowed him, noticed his troubled look und ex claimed Why, Edward, whatever in tho matter with you ? You look ns If you had aeon a ghost ? " Porhaps I havo, my dear," ho roplied feebly. " The ghost of tho sailor who gave you your diamonds." " Don't try to bo funny, Edward ; it doesn't suit you," retorted his wife with all lier usual aoverity and sell confidence. " What do you mean V Slowly ho told liin story, and slowly, but with amnzoment, did ho noto that, though the gloom gathered on his wife's brow, sho showed no sign of fear or shamo. When ho had finiahed tho storm broko. " Andyoudaro to tsll mo you behoved this tale, Edward Posle V sho began. " I send you to seek lodirings, and you spend tho time you ouoht to bo devoting to the futuro comfortof yonr wife and family in consorting with drunken sailors and listening to scandal against me. What would you havo been without me, I'd liko to know? A starving curato, in debt to yonr very landlady, A man would havo knoeked the fellow down first and given him in ohargo for slander afterward." But, my dear, "pleaded tho miserable vicar, ' 1 never isld I did Uellovo his story." Ilia conscience sraoto him, how ever, for it had never entered bis head to doubt it, His wifo deigned no Immediate roply, Sho troated htin with open soon\ for a fortnight, but did after all desert Bannbr for Skehnoreham, for fear, as sho said that her husband should further dtsgraco himself in low company. This apparent oonsciousnoss of roctitudo greutly relieved: Mr Feolu's mind, it was quito posslblo aftar- all that tha osan-Huggitt h&dforeuadcd; hiaracif'that: tho diamonds intrusted to him bad been his own. Doctors diflor ns to whether tho wish to beliuvo makes belief harder or eusior. Tho vioar certainly wished to believe his wife's version of tho affair, hut could not frco his mind from the idea that ic wits his duty to probe it to tbe bottom. That, with tho fear of his wifo beforo his eyes, he would ever lmvo dono that duty is not prob able ; but ho was spared from the trial of making tho attempt. Three weeks after his visit to Bariuby he saw a rcportof nn inqust on a man who had killed himself there while under tho in fluence of drink, utul u.fcw inquires satisfied him thnt tlio subject of that iuquest wus tho eccentric stranger whose story so troubled him. Still, he will never rend of tho virtuous woman who was above rubies without thinking of the cynic s comment upon her, unless ho receives stronger proof than bo ovor expects to get of tbe actual existence of thnt generous giver— his wife's uncle at tho Cape. — " AU tho Year Round." 