DEVONP1PORTP. On Monday evening our Wesleyan friends held their anniversary tea meeting. The tables were literally loaded with good things, and the ladies carried out their part to the satisfaction of everyone, no hitch at all occurring. At 7'0 the public meeting was held, Mr R. D. Stewart, of Iannock, presiding. Addresses were de livered by Pastors Chamberlain and Del ling and the Rev. J. Stafford (Wesleyan). Rev. W. Burridge, pastor of the church, stated that notwithstanding depressed times the little church had done well. The whole expenses of building, furnishing, etc., organ, had cost over .000. At the present time there was a debt of £420 owing-?£200 to Miss Taxley, bearing interest at 6 per cent., and £220 to chapel loan fund, free of interest, which he con sidered very good circumstances. Several pieces were rendered by the choir, Mr T. Ockerby acting as leader; whilst Mrs Bentley, who was in sweet voice, sang "The golden shore." The financial result was quite up to expectations, about £14 being raised in all the services. OnTuesday the school children and friends had an enjoyable outing, luncheon and tea being furnished on the Mersey Bluff, while races and romping were engaged in on the sands, the old as well as the young entering heartily into the fun. Tuesday night, at the Giblin Hall, the Literary Society were entertained with one of the best papers of the session by Mr R. C. Oldham, who did "a tale unfold" on ghosts. The bent of his arguments was to prove that no such supernatural appear ances ever existed, except in the diseased brain of some over-taxed student or as the outcome of some undigested meal. Mr Brockett could not agree with the essayist, and quoted several cases from the Review of leviews. Several other members took part in the discussion. In the absence of the president and vice, Rev. S. H. Hughes ably occupied the chair. The session is to be brought to a close next week with a "special social." A discussion is being carried on between Mr B. W. Thomas, of Appledore, and the Devonport Town Board re the opening of a road to Spreyton. From all I can learn, some yeacs ago when that gentleman occu pied the position of chairman to the old Formby Road Trust he was one of the staunchest advocates for the road. The late Mr Dooley made a survey, as did also Mr Townshend, and since then an official one has been made by the Govern ment, and all concur that for grade no better approach can be formed into Devonport. On Tuesday the Tarleton Road Trust met Mr B.W. Thomas by appointment, and were shown over another route, but this has the same disadvantage as the back road, and does not avoid the hills. Already, as I have before stated, £500 are on the estimates, and with both the Devonport Town Board and Tarleton Road Trust putting their shoulders to the wheel, the new road should be a fait accompli before the terrors of another winter are upon us. Magnificent rains on Tuesday night, Wednesday, and this morning. Oct. 18. 