GENERAL NEWS. We are pleased to be able to report that splendid rains have fallen in the northern part of this colony during'the past few days. Some magnificent specimens of gold bearing .quartz.were brought-into York from the Central mine at Southern Cross on Thursday last by Mr. O, Park. The report that recently gaiued currency to the effect that Mr. A. E, P. Canning had been killed by the natives at the IVorMYesh lias been, contradicted. Mr. Canning" was speared, but the wounds inflicted are not considered of a serious nature, and he is now favorably progressing. The Salvation Army, which would appear to have established itself in this township, still continues to attract large numbers to its meetings, which are held ■ almost nightly. A Hoads, Board election will take place at the Mechanics' Institute on Saturday next, the 30th instant. Mr. James Fleay has been appointed Returning Officer, A fire broke out on the premises of ■ Messrs. Sands and McDougal, at Perth, un the night of the I6th instant, doing '-a considerable amount of damage to ' their printing plant and building. The publio officers and other members ■ hi the oommunity wore in mourning on [ JSttnday last in consequence of the I lamented death of the eldest son of the ;3Prin6e of Wales, the Duke of Clarence " and Avondale. We hear of a fire having - broken -out on Mr. Beasley's camp, who is a ^government surveyor at present located on the Great Southern fine. Damage to the amount of nearly £150 was sustained. Latest telegrams from Melbourne convey the welcome intelligence that the Hon. J H Monger still continues to improve in health, and will in all pro bability leave for Western Australia About the end of the present month. Messrs. Thorn, Bower & Stewart, of this town, received an order from ajPerth firm the other -day to Bupply 500,000 hricks, but owing to the great demand at present existing here were unable to enter into the contract. Ax the Police Oourt on Momiay last, "a lad named Henry Hancock was •charged with stealing a torse, saddle and bridle,' the property of Mr. W. T. •Craig. Mr, Spry appeared for the prosecutor and withdrew the charge, whereupon the accused was discharged. At Bull's Creek, which is situated •about 8 miles from Fremantle, a man named Moses Gadd was shot dead by his companion and friend, Oliver Tisch -•ner, on Saturday last. Tischner has since been arrested, and in a written statement says that Gadd's death was purely accidental, as in firing at a pigeon "the deceased rushed forward receiving the contents of the gun in the hack of his neek. At the inquest the jury returned a verdiet of wilful murder against Tischner. Last night, reports a Perth con" ^temporary of yesterday's date, when the *ip train from Fremantle was passing the North Perth Station the guard felt ■an obstruction. The train was stop ped, and on going back along the line the guardTound that a man had been run over. One side of his head was severely injured, and the body was mncb •cut about. Life was exdnct. The remains were brought on to Perth. Upon ex amination, a lettfcr"was .found upon the man to the effect that a woman describe j ed in the letter as " dear Besty " was responsible for what had occurred, and wishing her good-bye. The signature to ' the letter appeared to be " Barrington Davis.1' The body was removed to the Colonial Hospital, and an inquest will be opened to-day. With reference to the passing of the Northam—Southern Cross railway . bill, the Daily News says :—"Finally Mr Parker replied with moderation and effect) scoring one neat little point to begin with off Mr Clarkson, whom he characterised as more effective in ejacu lation than in connected speech, and ad -vising him to adhere to the former. Re quietly marshalled former facts and arguments which had never been replied to but in vain. The Premiei with his solid majority sat impassive, and did not even condescend to reply, and when the division bill was rung there were 19 NorthamiteB (Ministerialists) and 9 Yorkiies, the former being too much ashamed of themselves to raise even the ghost of a cheer over their victory. At the Deraldton Police Court re cently Messrs W & S Purges were summoned by the Chief Inspector ef Stock (Mr J M Craig) with a breach of the 20th section of the Scab Act, which requires au owner to cause Mb sheep to be kept in site when depasturing throughout the day time and properly folded at night. In giving judgment the magistrate considered that the de fendants had taken prompt and proper measures to recover the sheep that had been lost sight of, and that he had fulfilled the 20th section of the Act. The information was therefore dismis sed. An application for costs was re fused. Says a London telegram in a con temporary :—A remarkable instance of demonstrative loyalty on the part of the people has occurred in South Africa. A daily paper issued iu Johannesburg, Transvaal, excited the greatest indig nation by the publication of an article attacking the character of the late Duke of Clarence. Shortly after the issue of the pa'per containing the offending article a large and irate crowd assembled outside the office of the paper and loudly hooted the Editor. A mass meeting was subsequently held, at which it. was resolved to urge upon the authorities to remove the Editor of the paper from the town in order to prevent his forcible expulsion- by the populace. Salvationists fob -the Nobthebn Territoby.—Accor ling to a report just to hand from Adelaide (says the European Mail of November 27) Sir John Bray has promised General Booth to consider a proposal for the settlement of a colony of the 11 submerged tenth " in the Northern Territory of South Australia. This is probably about the only part of the Australian continent in which the Salvationist emigrants from the old country would he allowed to settle in peace, as the Booth proposals are distinctly unpopular in the more developed parts of the colonies, where the Labour party is a power in the land. What Sir John Bray has to do with considering a matter of this sort does not clearly appear, seeing that he is neither Premier nor Land's Minister in the Adelaide Government; but no doubt be is acting on behalf of the supreme authorities, and his action (if he should in the end give practical countenance to the movement) will at any rate have the effect of releasing the Government from ar. awkward position as far as the Northern Territory is concerned. Since the anti-Chinese agitation in Australia a couple of years since there has been a bad feeling iu the Port Darwin settlements over the labour question. If the prohibition against the Chinese is kept in force in the north there is but little chance ot properly developing the resources of the Territory, for cheap labour is the only means by which that end can be attained. The Sou'h Australian Government can for a time quiet the northern proprietors, perhaps, by per mitting tne introduction of Salvationist labourers and still keop in with the labouring classes of the South by holding to their settled policy by keeping John Chinaman out. How the poor gutter bred. from the old country could stand the Port Darwin heat would have to: be left to time to show, but it is possible that they might get along well enough. Our trouble is that probably General Booth would not care to let his people be hircpl out for mining or plantation work like Asiatics or kanakas. He would prefer, no' doubt, to work mines or start plantations on bis own account, and in that case the new immigrant would not be of the ful lest use to the Territory. 