THE AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. The excitement in the United States over the Presidential election is now growing fast and furious, and there will be no rest for five or six months to come. It is one of tho glorious privileges of Brother Jonathan, which he enjoys as a citizen of the mightiest Republic upon earth, to work himself up into a state of frenzy about a Presidential election once in every four years. The actual election does not take place until the early days of November, and the new President is not installed in office until March 4 in the following year. But the whole year of a Presidential contest, that is to say, every successive leap year, is devoted by the partisans who ' v.-ork tho machine,' as the process is termed, to the most active canvassing on behalf of one candidate and equally industrious vilification of the opponent. Mushroom newspapers spring up by the hundred in various parts of the States, and select committees of busy bodies are to be found in every little town and hamlet throughout the Republic meeting in committee-rooms in saloons, or in those 'groceries' which in rural America supply the place of our bush store and public-house combined. It is wcr-'cful what an amount of attachment a curtain section of the in habitants have contracted for the periodi cal dissipations of the electoral campaign. All the abuses that have grown up around the American electoral system — and their name is legion — have been so lauded by the partisan professional politicians as 'good for trade' that it is diffi cult indeed to persuade a typical American that it would . be possible to conduct an election without the expenditure of enormous sums of money in order to supply the multitude of party hangers-on with the means whereby they may feast and make merry. Nor are the party managers at all scrupulous about the very direct use of funds for purposes of bribery, and there is only too much truth in the fact to which an American humorist calls attention with broad irony when he puts these words into the mouth of an electioneering agent as the peroration of a powerful speech : — 'There aro millions of dollars in this country, Mr. Chairman, that if wo keep out of the campaign will get into the hands of the working classes, and then you and I, Mr. Chairman, and gentlemen of the Convention can starve to death.' The Presidential election in the United States is the most expensive by far that the whole world ever sees, and yet, as an index of the popular will, it is absolutely the falsest in its results. Bribery and corruption are, of courso, to be placed among the elements by which one may judge of the moral status of the people among whom such things are pos sible. If a man will sell his vote he deserves to be ruled by a corrupt and tyrannical administrator. But even as an index of the popular voice, with all its faults and misdirected energies, the Presidential election does not in any way secure a result which is in consonance with the votes of the people. In 1888, when President Harrison was elected, the numbers of votes cast for each candidate were— Harrison 5,440,43i, Cleveland 5,538,551. Again in 1876 the same thing happened in the contest between the Republicans and the Demo crats, the former, who were in a minority of over a quarter of a million votes, secur ing the election as against a Democratic majority. The reason why such an anomaly is possible brings into strong light the futility of attempting to foresee political events in the framing of a Con stitution. The American Constitution has been well described as 'the greatest single work which has ever emanated from the brain of man.' And yet with all its splendid merits it has the demerit of having provided one of the worst pos sible expedients ever known in connection with electoral matters, namely, the system of the Electoral College. It was all very well to reason that as popular elections were always attended with more or less of excitement it would be a grand thing to delegate the powers of the people to a College of special electors, whose duty it would be to deliberate long and earnestly upon the merits of tho respective candi dates, and to finally give their votes in accordance with the light which they had acquired in the course of discussion. Practically nothing of the kind ever takes place. Each constituent member of it is pledged to the hilt to vote for his party man and for no other, so that tho whole result of the arrangement now in vogue is to give to any minority which possesses the power of arranging the conditions of the election practically the power of overriding the wishes of the majority. The President is in reality not elected by the majority of the electors, but by the majority of the representatives of the majority, and this, obviously, means a very different thing. Ashasbeen well pointed outto the people of America by Mr. Simeon Stetson, of California, in his pamphlet on ' The People's Power, or how to Wield the Ballot,' the majority of a majority is, in the great bulk of instances, really a minority. Thus seven is the majority of thirteen, which in turn iB the majority of twenty-five, so that by a system of doublo representative election it would be pos sible for seven shareholders in a Limited Liability Company to carry all before them if they only played their game skilfully. As a corrective to the abuses of the present method of procedure in the United States Mr. Stetson and other reformers are strenuously advocating the adoption of some such plan of Effective Voting as that which Miss Spenco is championing with such vigour in South Australia. The Republicans in tho past three or four years have in truth been playing a desperate game. Knowing that they were outvoted by nearly three to one in the House of Representatives they nevertheless set to work to construct a Senate to their own satisfaction, tho Upper House in America being of course the more powerful body of the two. It is a singular reflection that tho means by which they accomplished this end, for a time at least, have been the indirect cause of the total or partial failure of many miniug speculations in Australia. Several new States were constituted out of certain silver-mining terri tories, whose populations bore a ridicu lously small proportion to tho average populations of the other# States of the Union ; and tho Senate votes of these were bought by means of the famous Silver Bill, which practically bound the State for a time to buy all the produce of the American silver mines then in operation. The movement has defeated its own end, because the presence of a huge accumulation of silver in the cellars at Washington kept down prices, and ultimately led to a collapse of the market. Equal disappointment has at tended tho operations of the rings and trusts which have used their Republican friends as tools by which to accomplish the oppression of the American consumer. Prices have risen in consequence of the McKinloy tariff, and tho worKing classes canuot help seeing that wageB aro not one whit higher, but are in many cases decidedly lower than they were before. The elec tion is probably to be fought out mainly on the question of the tariff. But on this particular question Iho, Republicans do not wish to pick up the gauntlet thrown down by their opponents, and, there fore, at their convention a few days ago they refused to nominate Major McKinley or any other politician principally concerned in the framing of the new tariff, and affirmed by a majority the claims of President Harrison, who has since been formally asked to accept nomination, and will probably accede to tho request. If the Democrats should now nominate their late Presi dent (G rover Cleveland) there will per haps be witnessed a more direct trial of strength than has been seen in America for many years past. Un fortunately the Democratic party is not at all so compact as its opponent ; but recent elections leave littlo room for doubt that the feeling of the country is distinctly against tho existing adminis tration. The Queen's Birthday. — Tho celebra tion of Her Majesty's seventy-third birth anniversary was favoured by that pleasant complacency of the elements to which the description of ' Queen's weather' has been appropriately applied. In the old country the birthday holiday has almost invariably the advantage of bright skies and cheering sunshine, but the English May is ' the brightest month in all the year,' whilst the May of Aus tralia is a very fitful season. Yet it does behave remarkably well upon its twenty fourth day, and people who regard that behaviour as a distinct and special com pliment to royalty join with the ruddiest of Red Republicans in making the most possible out of their oppor tunities for recreative enjoyment. With the frosty breath of midwinter in the air it is only fitting that the great M&y; holiday in Australia should be chiefly devoted to active sporta which keep the blood in circulation. Horseracing being the characteristic Anglo-Australian pas time, it was equally appropriate that that variety of amusement should have been the principal attraction in Adelaide on Tuesday. Those very excellent citizens who conscientiously forego the healthful sport on account of the baneful gambling which mars it will complete the fortuitous association of circumstances by coupling with the races in the day, as suggestive of cause and effect, the exhibition given in the Theatre at night of the lurid haunts of Mephis tophcles. Some of them recognise in that cynical potentate the tutelary deity of the bookmakers, and if it pleases them they have a right to do so in this free country. The pencillers on this showing should have rallied up in force at the Theatre, for their patron apparently gave them good fortune at the races. The fact that nearly £15,000 passed through the totali zator amongst less than 20,000 people will doubtless be duly noted by tho Anti Gambling League, as well as the en couraging effect of one or two extra ordinary dividends paid during the day. Whilst the sight of these figures raises the question whether 20,000 people would have been attracted to the racecourse by the racing alone, and whilst it unpleasantly demonstrates, with other incidents, the way in which gambling is increasing in the com munity, the moral censor should not forget in his justifiable concern that the £14,700 invested in the totaliza tor was m.ide up of money put in again and again by the same persons, and that a good deal of it was the same money repeatedly committed to the custody of the machine. Tho victory of La Tosca as winner of the Cup was a striking exempli fication of the uncertainties of racing. It surprised alike those in tho inner circle and those in the outer, but that should not decrease the satisfaction felt at the reward which has fallen to Mr. W. R. Wilson, who is ono of the most enterprising and Btraight goinp; sportsmen in Australia. This consideration makes La Tosca's victory as a Victorian horse only slightly less popular than would have been a win by a racer bred in South Australia. Not the least gratifying feature of tho holiday celebrations generally in the colony was the entire absence of accidents, and amongst the most noteworthy was tho amount of ceremonial work they imposed upon His Excollency the Governor as the Queen's representative. A long levee in the morning, races in the afternoon, an official dinner in the evening, and a ball at night repre sent a rather exhausting performance in one day of any gentleman's time. Dakcerous Advice to the Unem ployed. — Mr. Barton, the Attorney General of New South Wales, iB supposed to represent the cautious and steady, if not exactly the conservative, element in the Dibbs Ministry. If that supposition be correct the incautious members of the Cabinet must be reckless in deed. On Saturday last Mr. Barton was interviewed by a deputation representing the unemployed. The men who addressed him told a story which was truly distressing. They had tried hard but vainly to obtain work, and now they were compelled to beg that the Government would either give them some opportunity to earn money or else feod them out of the State bounty. ' Our selves, our wives, and our families, if not actually starving, are on tho verge of starvation,' tho poov fellows added in effect, 'and if our request is not granted we shall be compelled to break the law iii' order to obtain the food necessary to sustain our lives.' This revelation and this threat were made to the highest official representative of law and justice in New South Wales, a gentleman who is, above all, cool-headed, and not liable to such paroxysms of feeling as those which discount the abilities of his chiefs These facts should be considered in connection with his reply to tho deputation. Ho began with a diplomatic answer to their despairing appeal ; he then said that the Government could do nothing for want of money ; ho continued with some commiseration of the be ye fed and be ye clothed type ; and he concluded with the dangerous advice which is thus telegraphed:— 'If the men were placed in such a position that fchoy ?were compelled to steal to live ho hoped that the Magistrates would exercise some leniency, recognising the very depressed state ot affairs which existed, and which was responsible for the almost starving state of many wives and families.' Such a suggestion coming from the official superior of all those Magistrates might naturally be construed by those gentle men into a positive instruction to wink at larceny generally, because it would bo impossible in tho nature of things to make close inquisition into the necessity prompting tho offence. The effect of Mr. Barton's counsel upon such of tho unem ployed as are unscrupulous must bo most dangerous. They will interpret it as a distinct encouragement from tho Govern ment for them to loot other men's property so that they may supply their own needs. And as one man may prefer to steal money instead of bread, and as others may choose to purloin enough at once to prevent constant repetitions of the offence, itwould bchardtoforecastthepoint at whicli such authorized freebooting might end. The hope lies in the probity of the men rather than in the wisdom of the head of the law department, judging by the telegraphed report of his words. Such statements must surely bo an undeserved reflection upon the charitable feelings of the better-to-do people of Few South Wales, and in any case a Government must be in a pitiable plight when its representative, instead of offering to feed the starving colonists, practically encourages them to feed them selvesatothers' expense. Itisgenerally con- ceded that in dire unavoidable necessity a man is justified in stealing to keep him self alive, but surely things have not come to this pass in New South Wales. If so, the fact is a disgrace to the wealthy residente of the colony. We are curious to see the full text of Mr. Barton's speech, and to know how its author would relish the application of his own hint to his own property. The Treasury Bills.— To-day is tho last day for the payment of balances by people to whom the Treasury bills were allotted. Any amounts that remain unpaid after to-day will only be awarded interest from the date of pay ment, so that investors will serve their own interests if they hand over their cheques before the day is out, unless tho money is bearing a larger interest for a time. Welcoming a Visiron.— On the return from the levee on Tuesday the Mayor (Mr. F. W. Bullock) and several members of the Council assembled at the Town Hall, where they for mally welcomed to the city Mr. Rainsford, of Birmingham, who is touring the colonies. The toast of the visitor's health was enthusiastically honoured, and Mr. Rainsford, in responding, referred to the astonishing progress the colonies had made. A number of other toasts were submitted. Antarctic Exploration.— A cablegram ap pearing in another column announces that the proposed iSwedish-Australian and the Aus tralian Antarctio Expedition has fallen through. It will be remembered that Captain David Gray, of Teterhead, recently proposed, in connection with the renewal of Antarctio exploration, a whaling expedition which should reach a more southerly point than that previously attained by whalers, and should also secure valuable data for the guidance of the next expedition towards the South Pole. This proposal was supported by Baron Oscar Dickson, a Swedish gentleman, who had already promised a substantial donation in aid of the large Bcheme on condition that the Australian Governments contributed a certain proportion of the ex pense, which, however, they failed to raise. It was Buggested that if the whaling expedition, which would take the form of a reconnaissance and be under the command of a «on of Baron Nordenskjold, were successful, Baron Dickson would be likely to send to the Antarctic regions Dr. Nansen, the fa ous Arctic explorer, on bis return from his latest Polar enterprise. If this scheme were carried out Dr. Naneen would have spent a year in the Antarctio seas. Dr. Naneen had expressed the opinion that the failure of the Australian Governments to contribute to the cost of the original scheme promoted by Baron Dickson was merely the result of bad management A telegram from London on April 23 men tioned that Captain Gray's proposal was in danger of falling through, a section of the sub scribers insisting that the fund* available were not sufficient for the two whaling expeditions which he suggested. To-day'n message shown that this danger has become a reality, and that forthepresentallideaof Antarctio exploration, whether by Australia alone or by Australia with Swedish assistance, is at an end. Whether anything will come of the Gorman expedition being fitted out at Hamburg remains to_bo »een. The Warooka.— This vessel having been raised and taken across the stream (writes our Shipping Reporter) was visited by a yooi Dumber of curious people on Tuesday. The amount of damage done is not as great as was at first anticipated, the principal compartment containing the engines and boiler being quite restored to original cleanliness. The cuddy is more damaged than any other parti, the cushions and upholBtery being completely destroyed, while the weight of water brought down the deok several inches. It may be that the greater part of the afterdeck must be re placed, but when thoroughly cleaned and repainted the smart littlo craft will look aa jaunty as ever. Death op ax Old South Australian.— A correspondent writes:— Mr. F. K. Black ham, sin old South Australian, passed away ab his residence, North Brighton, Victoria, on the 14th inst., from tho effects of a long standing complaint, at tho nge of sixty-seven. The deceased came to South Australia with hia - family in 1S40, and shortly after his arrival was apprenticed in the office of tho Soutlicrn Aus tralian, the second newspaper established iu the colony, and in which his older brother, Mr. R. Blackham, was Overseer. At the expira tion of his indentures he became connected with the printing staff of the South Australian Ergiskr, where he remained till tho opening of the Victorian diggings in 1852, when he joined in tho, general exodus to tho 6ister colony. Shorilv after his arrival in Melbourne he was i&rod; the jiosition of Manager in thejlrj/uiOnicn, which he accepted, and in December, 1854, he successfully piloted that journal through the great strike which occurred at that time, when the compositors refused 2s. per thousand in place of 2a. 6d which had hitherto been paid. Tho funds of the Typographical Association beoame ex hausted in less than a month, and in a few weeks' time men could be procured at Is. Cd. per thousand. Subsequently Mr. Blackham retired from the Ari/us and received tho appointment of printer to the Age, which posi tion ho occupied for twenty-five years. Some ten yean ago he severed his connection with that paper and took a news agency business at- Brighton, which he successfully conducted up to the time of his death. Mr. Blackham was an Irishman, and possessed in a high degreo the national characteristics of dry humour, sparkling wit, and geniality of disposition. Although always connected with tho mechani cal staff he was an occasional contributor to the Press in former years under the nom 6tt plume of 'An Old i3T.' Mr. Blackhara, apart from bis excellence) in tho business to which he applied himself, was a thoroughly straightforward man, and was greatly respected by a large circle of frienda both in Victoria and South Australia. Ho was the father of Mr. J. McC. Blackhaui, tlw well-known cricketer, and of Miaa Limimla Blacichatn, who was formerly a leading vocalist in Melbourne. The Sdcchssok to the Lath Ittv. Hugh GiLiioiiE.— Tho latest isaues of tho English Primitive Methodist contain a number oS references to the Rev. John Day ThompsonJ who has been appointed to succeed tho lata Rev. Hugh Gilmoro at tho Wellin^ton-squata Church, North Adelaido. At the Darlingtorf and Stockton- on-Toes District Committee the following resolution, moved Uy the Rev. R, Clemitson, who waB r. former Superintendenfl of Mr. Thompson, was carried unanimously :— ' That the Rov. John Day Thompson, having accepted an invitation to succeed tho lata lamented Rev. Hugh Gilmore nt Adelaide,' South Australia, wo cannot allow him ty depart to his distant sphere of labour withoufj placing on record our deep sense of the distincb loss Primitive Methodism in this country in about to sustain by the removal of a miniate* eo able, alike as a preacher, a man of lottors, and an administrator. All the more do wo feel his departuro from the fact that ho ww reared in our midst, and haa spent most of hii ministry within tho limits of tho old Suuderlandf. districb. Much, however, as wo regret hia removal wo at the same time congratulate the South Australian District on tho accession' to its ministerial ranks of a minister so emi nent, bo rich in the best qualities of mind an I heart, and trust that his labours in the far oil! country will not be less but even more suco.^s ful than they have been at home. Weal.-.Q congratulate him upon the educational attain-, merits of his eldest son, and earnestly hopa that for all his children his highest desiroa may be fully realized. Wo beg to assure Mr.p. Thompson that when he leaves our shores ha will be followed by our brotherly affection, ou* earncBt prayers, and best wishes. Wo trush that the blessing of God may accompany him,: his excellent wife, and their dear boys to theio, distant home.' At tho Leoda and York Min« isters' Association a similar resolution was passed, and Mr. Thompson i'b reported to liava preached the Association sermon to a crowded! audience, and ho was requested to prepare h'n sermon for publication in the Quarterly Review. At Ripon Mr. Thompson loctured beforo a large audience, taking for his Bubjeet, 'Cleio. your mind of cant.' Mr. Councillor G. D*1 Ward, of llarrogato, a porsonal friend of the lecturer, ably presided, and was sup ported by the Mayor of Ripon and' other leading citizens. In his introductory remarks the Chairman referred to tho Iubs which he persjually and tho Uarrogate peop'.o were about to sustiin in tho removal of Mr.: Thompson. The lecturer was most enthusi astically received, and tho Toport sayn : — ' Ib haa seldom been our privilege to listen ton lecture eo philosophical, practical, aid. humorous, and the Young People's Guild,, under whose auspices this lecture was do livered, are to.be complimented on obtaining such a lecturer and subject. At tho close tho gentlemen on the platform, in proposing a voter of thanks to Mr. Thompson for bis abla services, wished him godspeed in a mosb hearty manner. His visit to Ripon will lonff live in the hearts of those who were privileged' to hear him.' In the latest number of tho Primitive Methodist Quarterly Review there ia. an able article by Mr. Thompson on tho Rev. George Osborne, the Ifamous Wosleyanv minister, in which tho writer's power in tha delineation of character is sj^h to advantage. Mr. Thompson has been announced to Bail on May 20. Mat Akt and Science Examinations.— ' Tbeee examinations begin to-day and finish on Monday, the 30th inst. The subjects for which candidates have been entered are-.— First- grade model, freehand, and geometry ; intermediate solid geometry and elementary perspective; second- grade model, freehand, geometry, and perspective ; and scienco— Goo- ? metric projection of (shadows. Candidates foe first-grade subjects are to bo examined in tho Concert Hall of the Jubilee Exhibition Build ing, and those for all other subjects in tb.3 upstairs room at tho Public Library Building. In all 1,020 candidates, representing twenty seven echooh, and six private classes have) been entered for these examinations. Arrange ments have been made for holding examina tions at Kapuuda, Gawler, and Port Adelaid'1, ob well as at Adelaide. Injured while Alighting from a Train. — When tho 8.30 train from Port Adelaide) arrived at Kilkenny on Tuesday evening a. young lady, a ed to all appearances about) twenty-five ears, whose name iB at presenb unknown, attempted to alight before the trail* had come to a standstill. She was thrown down on the platform and sustained injuries to tho face, and was rendered unconscious, Tho sufferer was brought by tho same train to tho city, and was conveyed to tho Adelaide Ilo3 pital. It is believed that the sufferer is :u dresimaker residing at Woodville. She pro cured a return ticket to Adelaido ab Wood viUe, and it is eupposed that she intended to break the journey, as Bhe had some parcels for Kilkenny, which accounts for her leaving tho train there. On enquiry at the Hospital early this morning we h arnod that the patient had not regained con!jLiM-ness. Kotes at Port Victor.— A visitor to Pou Victor writes:-' The fashionable watennp places of the South-Port Elliot and ln-i: Victor-which attract crowds of tounets v., w have a few weeks' leave from the worries of business in the summer months, are now well nigh deserted by holiday-makers. Tho ? season' is over, and only a vjry few parsons other than the townspeople aro patronising lio hotels or s'aying at privato residences. For this time of the year the weather has been exceedingly mild. Delightful drives into tho country, boating on the llindmnrsh, and fish ing in the rivers and the sea aro still ploosanb diversions for the tourist. Thero is nob much to write about either Viotor Harbour or Porb Elliot just now. Business is vnry quiet ; no shipping is being done a^ Victor Harbour, and the placo has for a while gono into comparative repose. Tho folks at Port Victor aro very vexed ab the delay of tho Marine Board in giving effect to the expressed resolution of Par liament to fix a light on the breakwater as a warning to tho vessels that happen to be about this dangerous coast. Once upon a time there used to be a light at tho end of the breakwater, bub tho authorities thought there was no occasion to continue it, and ib waa removed. The stand to carry the lamp still remains, and on the motion of Mr. J. R, Kelly, the junior member for tho distrieb in the Assembly, Parliainonb lasb session decided thab the light should be reinstated. Maintaining tho li^flit is not very osponsivo, and as some such beacon js essential to tho safety of ship ping the inhabitants are continually asking ' Why has the wish of Parliament not been carried out V I hear thore ia a proposal to pub a light on tho summit of Granite Island. Thab would be a more suitable position, and thero the lighb would be more likely to come within the view of vessels. On Saturday last Mounted constable A. S. Bluntish, tho popular distrieb iwlice officer, distributed a portion of the annual supply of rations to the blacks, who roll up ab tho station nearly every Saturday for some of tho necessaries of life which are tho gift of tho Government through the Protector. The stores had nob long arrived from Goolwa, where, by-the-way, Mounted-constable Bannigan performs, the duties of Sub- Protector, and I could not help thinking as Sub-Protector Bluntish serrnd oub the rations to the women— the women afcvays come for supplies, their husbands being away fishing or shooting — thab if tho aborigines in tho colony who are within the range of settle ment are treated anything like so liberally ab tho publio expense as the blacks of Encounter Bay there should be no cause for represent ing any inadequate recognition of tho needs of the blacks. Indeed, the natives fare better in some respeots than many of the whites. The approach of the Queen's Birthday is a fitting time to show the blaoks that Her Majesty's subjects are nob forgetful of their comfort. Blankets, shirts, blue serge, panni cana, billycans, spoons, needles and thread, flour, sugar, tea, rice, soap, sago, fishing tackle, and tobacco— the old women as well as the aged men relish the pipe— are chiefly the articles distributed periodically to the aborigi nals, special regard being paid to the require ments of the very old, feeble, and infirm who remain as the only survivors of a race thab ie fast becoming extinct.' The Gawlkr Corporation and the Go vkukmekt. — At the meeting of tho Gawler Corporation on Monday evening, May 23, the Mayor (Mr. W. H. Cox) reported that since the previous meeting he hod had inter views with the Commissioner of Public Works and the Crown Solicitor in the matter of the claim of the Corporation of £100 and interest, compensation for use of land taken by the Waterworks Department, and used as a pump ing station at Gawler, and tho Minister, ac cording to promise, had on May 13 forwarded his reply through Sir John Downer. Ib waa as follows:— 'Ec claim for compensation by the Gawler Corporation. Referring to various interviews on the above claim, I am directed by tho Commissioner to say thab having carefully investigated thia matter he finds the facts of the case as follows : — Per- mission to make a trial for water on the Gawler park lands was granted to the depart ment by the Corporation in 1879, and the trial having been successful further permission to urecb works was given in 1881. The Gawler water district was proclaimed in 18S3 without nny protesb on the part of the Gawler Corpora tion, although the boundaries of the said dis trict include not only tho Corporation, bub portions of the surrounding townships, &c.; This proclamation gives power to grant a water Bupply from the headworka to tho whole district. The Government has spent say £27,000 on the said waterworks, partly within and partly outside the Corporation limits. The extension of the mains over tho larger area has nob in any way prejudiced the Corporation, bub has mnde the supply more remunerative and enabled the Government to reduce the charges for water, by whioh reduotion the Corporation have benefited. Considering these circum p lances the Commissioner feels that he cannot udvise the Government to entertain the claim of the Corporation. I am, &c.;, John Mann, Secretary.' Accompanying this was the fol lowing letter from Sir John Downer to the Corporation:— 'After much trouble and im portunity 1 have ab last received a reply from the Government, which I enclose. The reasoning is no doubb satisfactory to the Government, but somewhat hard for others to follow. Tho subBtance is a repudiation of the liability on the ground that when they took the land without consulting the Council ib was the Council's duty to have protested, and that the Council's inaction gave them a good title to the land. It more than twenty yoars had expired I could approdato thia argu ment, but failing thab I do nob consider it of much force. Your remedies are an Appeal to tho House and an action ab law. On the wholo I recommend the former— in tho firsb instance, at any rate. Yours truly, John W. Downer.' Councillor Lucas proposed— 'That in deferenco to Sir John Downer's recommendation further action in tho matter be postponed till Parliament .had mot.' Councillor Taylor seconded. Councillor Burton felb strongly on tho matter, and that a demand should bo made at onco for the pay ment of a yearly rontal of £5 or £10. The land waa bought from the Government in the firat place, and the department had no righb to ib until they paid for it. The motion was carried, as was also one of thanks to Sir John Downer and Mr. James Hague, M.P., for their trouble. The Pharmaceutical Society.— At the last Council meeting Mr. F. E. Gr.undy introduced the subject of closing ab 0 p.m., eo as to lessen tho nesiat ants' hours. After somo diacuaniou ib was resolved to bring the motion befotro the next general meeting of tho Society's members. In the meantimo assistants will nc' doubt prepare further information aud a progress report of their movements. ? TsrrnoiD Bacilli in Milk.— A Dunedin veterinary surgeon, Mr. A. Hamilton, believes (writes the Argus Dunedin correspondent), that ho has discovered tho bacilli of typhoid in the milk of cowb, whi;h he is convinced were suffering from typhoid fever. Ab tho i ime when typhoid was rather prevalent in Dunedin ho believes ib was common among cows. The symptoms in several animals he attended were similar, and in each case the fever ran the well-defined course characteristio of typhoid, and the success of tho treatment supplied supplementary evidence of the correctness of the diagnosis. Is his own mind he has no doubt whatever thab tho disease waa typhoid. Milk drawn from the cows suffering was found to show a broken surface, with uneven oells, some small and some largo. Near the large cells could be Been with the microscope Bome microbes, which were altogether different to anything to bo found in healthy milk. A jwnple of the milk was examined by a power ful microscope by Dr. Coughtrey, who found bacilli, but as far &e; he was aware they did not differ from what is usually found in milk. The matter may probably receive further investiga tion at tho hands of scientists. TYPEWRITERS IN TELEGRAPH OFFICES.— An article on tho ubo of the typewriter in con nection with tho eloctrio telegraph was ro cently reproduced and commented upon in these columns (says the Brisbane Courier), when it was pointed out that a groat saving in time and clearness would be effected by the use of the typewriter in transcribing all te!e praphio messages. The hope was expreBgod ab the same time that Queensland, which was tho first colony to introduce tho telephone, might also lead tho way in the adoption of the type writer in the telegraph office. It appears from * brief note in the Queensland Electric Tdc ijraph Gazelle, published yesterday, thab our vt'«,TJiiendation had in some sense been an I'cipated by the Postmaster-General. A 'Hammond Universal' typewriter has Htnally been in uso in the Brisbano oflico i&r; about two weeks, but only in what is known as 'cross' business, so thab ib has not yet come under the notice of the public ; but there can be no doubb that should Mr. Unmack see his way to a general adoption of the typewriter the advantage to the publio would be at once recognised on all hands. The 'Hammond Universal' is one of those instruments which use capital letters only ; but the impression is clear and regular, and an immense improvement on anything ordinarily seen in the shape of calignphy. Moreover, ib is possible to make three or four copies of » message simultaneously, which will be a great advantage, particularly in messages for the Press. The typewriter has boen a pronounced success where adopted, and one of its advan tages has been to enable the receiver of a message to outstrip the fastest sender, so thab it has led to tho use in America of a tele graphic system of shorthand known as Phillips'sCode, which permits of a speed of Bixty words per minute, with as little iroublo as waa formerly involved in thirty. Mr. Dibbs'b Visit to England.— There are all sorts of rumours (says Table Talk of May 20) as to the origin of Mr. G. R. Dibbs'a visit to England, but the most probable is to advo cate a general conversion scheme, in whioh he sought to obtain the concurrence of the other Australian Governments. Several astute colonial bankers are now in the old country, including Mr. T. A. Dibbs, of the Commercial Banking Company, and Mr. Francis Adams, of the Australian Joint Stock Bank. It is only perhaps a coincidence that they ore on holiday at this period. A Gloomy Picture op Peasant Pro prietorship.— Mr. Warburton, Vice-Consul at La Rochelle, in Trance (says an exchange), describes the position of peasant proprietors in Charente Inferieure as miserable, and he does nob see how it can be improved. 'Peasant proprietorship, while excellent in many ways, is,' he says, 'except under special circum stances, very bid for the proprietor from the point of view of worldly prosperity. The towns are now filled with proprietors looking fer work, who instead of having been kepb in the country by making them owners have been ruined by it, and prefer anything else to going back. Their holdings are being picked up cheap by neighbouring owners of larger farms, and' a process of consolidation is going on which will in time lead to farms becoming of a size more Buited to modern requirements.' Farewell to Mr. Alexander Willis.— A social gathering waa held at Prince Alfred College on Monday evening to bid farewell to Mr. Wyllie, B.A., B.Sc., and wishing him continued success and prosperity. A largo number were present, and apologies were received among others from Sir John Coiton, the Rev. James Allen, Professor Bragg, and Mr. Hartley. The Head Master of tho Col lege, Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc, cordially welcomed the guests, and thanked them for coming together to do deserved honour to Mr. Wyllie. He recounted the successes of that gentleman from the time that he won an exhi bition from the East Adelaide Model School to the final achievement in securing the 'Angas Engineering Scholarship,' and re viewed his career ab the College. He con cluded by wishing him a prosperous course in England, and that he would return to tho colony a continued credit to himself and to South Australia. Professor It. W. Chapman, M.A., B.C.E., of the Adelaide University, joined heartily in the congratulations and good wishes, and spoke of tho future possibilities of i!cctric engineering, to which Mr. Wyllie pro ] i.ses to turn his attention, and hoped that he might come back equipped with the latest learning and prove a most useful man to the community. Ho also referred to the brilliant career of Professor Beare, another South Aus tralian, who had begun his course at Prince Alfred College. Messrs. Allen, B.Sc., Sunter, B.A., A. Scott, B.A., G. S. Cotton (Hon. Secretary of P.A.C.), F. J. Chappie, B.Sc, Treleaven, B. A., and others followed, express ing esteem and good wishes. Mr. Wyllie, who was received with cheers and musical honours, thanked the many speakers, and modestly said that the success of his career had largely been due to his singular good fortune. He traced the beginning of his intellectual life to the hard work to which he was stimulated at Prince Alfred College, and though he had turned his attention to scientific pursuits he felt that tho study of classics under Mr. Sunter had done much to awakon his mental powers. His friends and his homo were in South Australia, and he trusted before very long to be back amongst them again. Mr. Wyllie leaves for Europe by the Britannia to-day. St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage Bazaar. —This bazaar, which has been open in the Town Hall fora week, closed on Tuesday even ing, May 24. The attendance in the evening was very large, indeed one could only niovo about the room with difficulty. The principals in charge of the various stalls were kept busy, while the attendants materially helped on the good work by their persistent and successful attempts to do business. During the evening EongB and duets were contributed by members of the Cathedral Choir — Mrs. Geach, Misses Koiff, Hines, Young, Cook, and Morrissey, and Mr. W. Mcluerney. At half-past 9 Dr. O'Connell announced thata Special Committee, consisting of Messrs. L. O'Loughlin, M.P., A. MacDonald, and J. McGanv, had been ap pointed to supervise the drawing for the art union prizes, in all seventy prizes were allotted, Dr. O'Connell announcing the num bers as they were drawn. Some of the prizes were very pretty, one worth noticing being a Japanese table, on which are beautifully worked emblems of tho owl, Irish wclfdog, and shamrocks. The result of the under taking has far surpassed tho expectations en tertained for its success, and the committee and all those who havo worked so hard for the cause are to be congratulated on bringing about this splendid result. As is usual in every bazaar there are somo things left over. It has not been decided what to do with them, but a proposal has been made that they Bhould form tho nucleus of another bazaar for tho Orphanage. A Distressed Foreigner.— We have received a visit and a written statement from a Danish subject, the Rev. E. Lytken, who describes himself as a missionary and lecturer, and who is anxious that work should be given to him or that arrangements Bhould be made by whioh ho can earn something to meet his wants by lecturing. According to tho state ment he has eent us he is a graduate of Copen hagen University and a son of a Danish Bithop. Ho states that in 187'-*. after ongaging in mission work among the Mongolians, ho was arrested in St. Petersburg as a spy and sent ts Siberia, but in 1882 was released by the authority of the Danish Government. He afterwards went to China as a travelling mis sionary, and then to India, South Africa, and America. At the end of 181)1, after serious illness, which compelled him to leave the rigorous climate of America, he was assisted to a passage to Australia in th« barque Mohawk, but suffered the loss of his papors during a fire or in the course of a prolonged gale which followed. Mr. F. Wright, as the repre sentative of Denmark in South Australia, has been taking an interest in the case, and we publish this summary of Mr. Lytken's state ment in order that any gentlemen who aro dis posed to help a foreigner in distress may mnko their own enquiries as to his bona fides, and if they aro satisfied help him in the way he desires. ' DBA WING-BOOM' ENTERTAINMENT. — A scmewhat novel and highly successful 'Draw- ing-room entertainment' was given in con nection with the Archer-street Wesleyan Literary Association on Tuesday evening. The large Lecture Hall was crowded. The platform was tastefully arranzed as a drawing room, the furniture being supplied by Mr. P. Le Cornu, and the decorations by young ladies of the Church. An excellent programme had been arranged by Mr. Pash, and the Rev. G. E. Rowe contributed two Cornish stories 'Maister Pascoe's Narves, and 'A Cornish Ghost,' which were very well received. The Eev. H. T. Burgess, as President of the Association, occupied the chair, and in troduced the occupants of the platform as forming a family party for the nonce, who hoped to spend and to enable others to spend nn agreeable evening. Piano selections were skilfully rendered by Mrs. A. J. Thomas and Miss Trevorrow. Miss Trowenack sang ' The Bailiff's Daughter of Islington;' Miss Mit chell, 'I Cannot Sing the Old Songs;' and Miss Fowler, ' Mary of Argyle.' Several plantation and other songs and choruses were given by MesBrs. Posh, Cooper, J. Michell, and other members of the company, Mr. Michell acting as accompanist. Tho enter tainment, which was of a very superior character throughout, began and closed by tho singing of the National Anthem in honour of the Queen's Birthday. Church of England Endowment Society. —The annual general meeting of subscribers will be held in the Church Office, Leigh-street, this evening, when the President (Bishop Kennion) will preside. 