KYNETON CHURCH W E S L E ^ BAZAAR During last year the tiust»= t Kyneton Wesleyan Church^wi* ^ make a special effort toreduceTh. .l a6d . to upon the church property « debt funds for other propertV TV . the ladies of the congregation"f and they set to work "™h riif^ wilL W^kly sewing-meetings wetl tuted, and a systematic <anva! of th» ^ And district was carried on >",, *? standing the depression character^T business world, the ladies met witV generous treatment from all classes Jf? community, and from the member ^ .r IJers — 1 — + 1 , of the whole of the other churches. though there were appvehersions t S postponement of the bazaar wonli V necessary,the ladies found themselves^ a position to make a very excellent dS,].. of goods of great variety, useful , 5 ornamental at the time announced, n bazaar was opened at 3 o';lock on Tn J - afternoon by the Rev. E. C ISM/^ Independent Church, in the prei fairly numerous gathering. a The Bev. G. Schofield, superi f the circuit, shortly after the < ime ascended the platform, and intrude he proceedings -with a brief praTe7t which the Divine blessing upon the nnj taking was invoked. This exercise hanf been concluded, Mr. Schofield welcomaivi. Rev. Mr. Isaac, who was present at invitation of tbe committee for the poirJ of opening the bazaar. The Eev. Mr. Isaac recei-red a heath welcome. He said that it was irithfeeW of the deepest surprise that he heard Si the Kyneton Wesleyans had decided to id th&-minister ot the Independent Churchy ^men their bazaar. In fact he was c^. j3etels<staggered at the invitation. B, felt a good deal like a fish out of water f» he felt that to ask a parson to onm the bazaar at all was an anomaly. HeS owever, accepted the invitation as an ence of the good feeling existing before™ he Wesleyans and the Independents? yneton. He trusted that feeling *oa]j e cemented, and that they would work ttii ogether. If the Wesleyans had tried ^ heir days, they could not hare asked hiD o do a greater thing than to open tk bazaar, and in the name of the committ^ and in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost, he formally declared tl» bazaar open for business, expressing tfe hope that in spitn of the depression exisaj the bazaar would be a great financiS success, and that when it closed, the cLuri would be able to " look the whole world in the face, for they owe not any man. (ip. plause.) The National Anthem was EHI- IN honour of tbe day, and then business'tis begun. The bazaar was under the folio™ management :— President.—Eev. G. Schofield, snpeiin. tendent of the circuit. Ladies' Committee.—Vice-presidents,Mn M'Lennau and Mrs. Pearson; tTeasirer Mrs. Schofield; secretary, Miss (S.E.[ Johnson. Executive Committee.—Treasurer, Sr. astles, fienr.; secretaries, Messrs. N. Blai. owe and T. E. A. Castles: members, essrs. J. Campbell, J. Johnston,D. erritt, D. M'Lennan, F. J. . Ward. TEE STALLS. The Fish-pond.—Misses L. Castles, Etlel Johnson, M'Lennan, and A. Merritt. This place of business was the first met ttitiua entering the hall. Customers paid for 1 cast of tbe line, and each hooked something. A very noticeable feature of tie fish " was that they were in all cases good value for the moaey paid. Sunday Schoo Stall.—Misses (S.E.)Jobson (secretary), Castles, Cliudleigh, llanle Johnson, W. Sleeman, E. Bobbins, aii Watkinson.—Here were displayed an almost endless variety of goods, including 1 considerable quantity of strictly nserul articles—white work, wool work, cushions, &c.; This stall was described l»v the ladies in charge as *' an every day affair." StiE there was a good display of " knicb-knach" and fancy goods. A fine piece of sceneiy painted on porcelain, mounted in pluih, and -nicely draped, was a prominentobject-. ,. Miss Maude Castles contributed to this stall some very nice paintingson porcelain, which met with ready sale tt good prices. The next stall was presided over bv Ms. dames Pearson (vice-presidout), Ohudleid, H. Hill, Pethard. and E. Ward, and Jfiii Vail. The goods exhibited here were very similar in character to those in theSunday School stall—cushions, slippers, fitfiorV, white aud wool work, plain and fancy. There was also .-I varied collection rf articles, at once useful and ornamental, tie most noticeable perhaps being an inkstand in carved marble. Mrs. Carlisle contributed to this stall an art gem—a landscape on an earthenware plaque. . Christmas Tree.—Misses E. Chudleifh, Johnston, E. Merritt, Elsie JTLenna.ii,and B. Bobbins.—A fine tree, safely firedin« barrel, was heavily laden with all sorts <i toys and small articles of a more or IFS useful character. Mesdames M'Lennan (vice-president), Sillier and Johnston; and Misses (1LA.) Johnson, A. Johnson, and Campbell, conducted the business of tbe stall encountered on the north, side. There was mote lit work on this stall, indicating the vigour with which friends had been levied npon. The centre-piece was a handsome cushion enriched with roses in oil color, the workoS Miss M'AIpin. Close bv were two veij excellent paintings on porcelain, done b? Mrs. S.VT. Wall. " ~ " L "' a very pretty painting on a mirror. The Stall was flankedon either side by two largi drains painted and decorated with landscapes. The paintings were the wort of Miss M'Lennan, who possesses skill taste in this direction rare in so young »n artist. Miss Schofield contributed a fine landscape done on a common tray. Both these Utter items illustrated howcommon objects may be utilised for household decoration. Miss Hillier contributed > very handsome anti-maccassar, the centre of which was black satin, on which *ere painted with exquisite skill belladonoi iillies. Miss (M. A) Johnson sent a giptftable covered with plnsh, with a iffirv fringe of thread lace. The lace was JW3 Johnson's own handiwork, and was » maryel of skill and good taste, Ite <> t,lU .articles on this stall were " too numerous tp particularise," "iBrinting-Office. — Messrs. Johnston, Hankinson and West, had a pnntufoffice infrunt of the stage, where numetwi orders forvisiting cards were executed- ^t3iineiyinnse consisted of a fine -miaiinfeand a Model, lent, together mm otiier "necessaries, by Mr. ShortiU, prietor of the KTKETON OBSEBVEE. Refreshment Stall—Misses S.CampW, M. Castles, E. Johnson, Pearson, Bobbins, and~L. Watkinson. Following & course round thehall, this place of business« next met with. In the small sooth room refreshments were served to those whooesieedthem, and the young ladies had a raj busy lime attending to their eustom^ on the stall was a I Gtory wedding cake, in which wmi sated written promises by the rij (Baptist), Isaac (Independent), and ^ «eld (Wesleyan), to marry free of charge those who" secured them. 1 Mrs. G. Johnson had control of the n»i stall. where the goods were of a m ^ K ous character, which could npt Indicated without enumerating Vl^werStall.-Misses F. Johnson, Mom=. HiUier. Schofield. aud N- , Darl "t ° managed the business here. There '^^ varied : show of pot- plants, bouquete. a" bntton-holes. Under the control_ot i" stall, bnt utilised for decorative porpofLj various parte of the hall, were a number <>f splendid tree-ferns to® ^^ ^Poultrv Department.—Mr. D - M " WM in char^here, and had teJV splendid lot of white Leglioras, Brat"®"* Plymouth Bad®, and common fo» ls- South Eoom.—Mr. W. Bobbins ^ •oommand here, and, with two shooting galleries, an "arf and some otiher methods of extracting fcwn the visitors to the baranr. work of erecting the stalls wa^ ® noatrat by Messni- Uerrittand E . ^ MtaJ and played a number of elections in excellent style. The following programme was earned rtrourii auring the evening-.-Piano solo, Suiott; £ng, "Ever of Thee/' Miss S^te• piano solo. Miss Patenson; song. Of the Earth," Miss Jarrett; reS- Ji0I1, "The Fireman's Wedding," Mr. C. »eyer; song, "The Majors' Serine." Mr. Charlton; piano duet, S M'Donaldand W. Sleeman: Bong, fr^l >• Miss Pensom; song, " He Sea is rSknd's Glory," Mr-Simpson. The last a tableau, " The painter and his wbed audience," vn which Messrs. Gos ^lefw. Teviss, and A. Campbell took Mr. E. Leete manipulated the Stared tires -with math judgment B^ness was suspended at 10.30 p.m„ jnd it was found that daring the day £85 had heen taken. The bazaar was continued yesterday afternoon and evening, and was again well Ittended, while a very satisfactory amount of business was done in all depMtments. The receipts for the day amounted to upwardsoE £51. The Phoenix Band again enlivened the proceedings, and, as on tie nrevions evening, a first-class concert programme, composed of the following items, tas submitted:—Piano solo, Miss Winnie Barnes - song, "The Fisherman and His Child " Mr. Cartledge; song, "In Old Hadrid," Miss Minogue; recitation," Monologue from the Shaughraun," Mr. Shortill ; piano solo, Mrs. Shortill. Several members of the Kyneton Juniors C.C. then presented in tableau incidents in a cricket'matcb.and Dortrayed them with marked effect, heightened by the judicious use of coloured flres manipulated by Mr.-A. Leete. - • The bazaar will be closed this evening. The doors will be opened at one o'clock, ,nd wilL-jemain open'WtiM* 1 '- - finally doses. E^esHbdrl tuiaable at all hours. 