3?HB jHEATRBft AC. * All F(g OpId/> <it»n?wtj(l*<iipUtioQ of Eugene Sue's JfiWt WW#*?* ineldHraimii Vas'finirprlSBC^d tt theTOifeafcre Koftft Miss <141/ 'M«< Ro»eOAttiplpr £!aj«A fee jyfMit rinngtttei bfr^gfcenoh #hich' they are the heiresses, the, ldnely Jew sparing some time in his wanderings in the polar regions to keep a watchful eye over tbem. May Renno and Little Daphne now impersonate the orphans very cleverly, and Mr. Dampier is as effective as ever as the faithful French sergeant of the Empire. Mr.E. llolloway gives a vigorous sketch of Morok, the lion tamer; The Wandering Jew, in the bands of Mr. Roberta, is as impressive in his supernatural visitations as the ghost in " Hamlet," and the cast is otherwise well filled. The piece, which has some strong situations, is illustrated by appropriate scenery, and the dialogue is full of appeals to the popular sentiment which are not thrown away. "Monte Christ©" will be played to night. Friday evening in each week at this theatre is to be devoted to a few Shaks pearian revivals, beginning with "As You Like It." - , The burlesque of " Little Jack Shcppatd " still holds the boards at the Theatre Royal. Miss Billie Baylow gives a very lively repre sentation of the gaol-breaking hero, and she receives very efficient support from Mr. Royce as Blueskin and Mr. Walton as Jonathan Wild. The dances and songs with which the burlesque is enlivened are always well received. The extravaganza of "Ran dolph the Reckless " is to be played this even ing for thefirat time at thiB theatre. The varied entertainment of the Empire Company at the Opera-house is receiving good support. The remarkable feats of the Craggs Family have lost none of their popu larity. The way these accomplished gymnasts twist and twirl about, while the youngest member of the troupe flutters from point to point with the airiness of a bird on the bough, never fails to astonish the audience. Mr. Hertz, the conjurer, has some excellent illusions, and they are all deftly performed. The production from a paper bag of a cocoon which turns into a full-grown young woman, i and the sudden apparition of the same lady in a small cabinet which was previously empty are incidents which defy explanation. The "Fairy Four" are skilled step dancers, Miss Dewing is also a graceful dameuse, and Mr. Fred Mason, the comique, amuses the i audiences with his " It makes you careful, doesn't it V' La CigaJe" is in the midst of a very successful run at the Princess's Theatre. The excellence of the music and lavish mounting and the popularity of the prima donna, Miss Halton, promise a long run for this comic opera. " Caste" has been played during the week at the Bijou Theatre. Mr. G. W. Anson made his last appearance in Melbourne prior to a visit to England in the part of Eccles last night. Mr. Anson, who has played a great variety of droll characters during his stay in the colonies, has achieved great popu larity throughout Australia' by bis masterly delineations. " Captain Swift" is announced for this evening. Some four years have elapsed since this play was produoed at the Prinoess's Theatre, and it will be performed at the Bijou with a much stronger oast than on the occasion of its first presentation in Melbourne, A clever Japanese troupe of equilibrists has been added to the attractions at the Waxworks. Mr. Billin's variety troupe, performing at the Victoria-hall, have a well- filled pro gramme, in which Will Whitburn, A. Holland, M'Kissonand Kerans, Will Stevens, and Miss Rowe take a prominent part At St George's Hall Mr. Frank Clark's Silk Stockings Company have introduced some new comicalities. Pope and Sayles, W. H. Speed, Priscilla Verne, and the Anderson Sisters have a large share in the programme. Mr.Jas. Harvey's clever voice imitations of well-known Australian actors are also an attraction. Mr. Tracey's company at the Gaiety Theatre has been strengthened by the addition of Miss Ada Tranchert and Miss Annette Bodin, song and dance artists. The dancing of the Sherwood Sisters and the musical eccentricities of the Leslie Brothers are very popular items In the bill. The qycloramaa of the Battle of Waterloo and the Siege of Paris continue to be well patronised. : Monday next will be the 100th birthday of the Waterloo veteran, Jeremiah BrOwn. Hie old man, who is the sole survivor of Waterloo in Aus tralia, and perhaps in the wjrid, has for some months past resided at the United Servioe Home, at Drysdale. Arrangements have been made, with the approval of the military oommandant, Major-General Tulloch, C.B., whereby the veteran will spend his 100th birthday at the Waterloo Cyolorama, where for nearly two years lie was to be seen daily, and where he delighted to talk of his experiences as a British soldier. A part of Monday's reoeipta will be given to the .°^ wkioh Brown is an inmate, and which is under the control of the military authorities. 