All's Fair In Love. At a club the other day a party of convivial folio ws were swapping stories. One of them, a jolly benedict, who has the reputation of playing a mighty good game of poker, told one on him self, which exhibits presouce of min d in a remarkable degree, says the Now York IHerald. "My wife's family," said ho, "is a very straight-laced oneo-blue Presby terians, in fact. If they had over had a notion that I know the difference bo tween two pair and three of a kind I shouldn't have stood the ghost of a chance of winning the wife I had the good luckto capture. All's fair in love and war, you know. In those days =umy great rival was a professor of theology in a seminary devoted to the manuTfc ture of parsons. To get to windward of hins 1 had to set up for something of a saint myself, and went in strong for prayer meetings, missionary societies, and all that sort of thing. "One evening I had been playing a quiet game with a few of the boys, just to keep my handin, and was rather late in getting around to see Clara. I told her that the prayer meeting was a mighty interesting one, and broke up somewhat late. 1 found it rather warm work throttling my conscienceo. and pulled out my handkerchief to help me cool off a bit. "But the temperature went up to a boiling point when I yanked out a roll of chips and they went rolling over the floor in all directions. I thought the theolpgical professor would soon havr the field all to himself when the old man picked up one of them. " 'What are these queer things for, John ?' said hlie. "I tumbled at once to the fact that the old man didn't know poker chips when loe saw 'em. I saw that I had n fighting chance to lie out of it, and old Nick, bless him, put the right sort of a He into my head at once. " 'Why,' said I, with a regular Sun day-school smile, 'that's a little idea of my own; I got these things tq put scriptural texts on to distribute amosng the heathen. I think it is an i uprove mont on the pocket handkerchief idea. I got 'em in different colors to suit the tastes of the heathen; some of. them, you know, prefer white and some blue, and some are death on red. I brought 'em with sme to-night to got you to heolp me select texts to put on 'ens.' "Clara and the old man were othli tickled to death over the idea, and as true as I'm a sinner we all stayed aup till midnight, picking texts out of tile Bible to engrave on them. I believe the business made sue dead solid with the old mnen, "But the ris4 came in when I had to pay $50 to get the texts pengraved on them. I. atuess it was the first u.l last t.ý"ihat !4criptnral teats were ever jrnt on poker chipt." " What became o1 therm ?" asked somteo "'TIhey nil ilisnpteatodl mystCriou-*y m+ n Rlloi II Igot, arin[. MI-b e '". r :IA,(j iOt' ranf zwrtcro4 sT the nIIlt whoa lie *.IJuVL to I t ho t,"tto intO to oiy."' 