AOTA. POPTJLI. By the Flaneur. He is made one -with Nature ; there is heard HiB voice in all her music, from the xuoaii Of thunder to tho song of night's sweet bird. — Adonais. Percy Bysshe Shelley is dead— very much dead indeed. I think we can rest assured- of that, for he was drowned, cremated and buried something like 70 years ago. During life he sang his glori ous pecans of Nature's elements, and in return they paid special honours to his death. Millions ot Australians probably never heard of Shelley. But the man who doesn't know more about Pe'er Jackson's hiitory than the burly bruisar knows himself is not to be founi this side of the equinoctial line. We may be pardoned for this^ however, as we are really very young, and besides mosb of those who had the advantage of living in Shelley's time grossly misunderstood and foully misrepresented him. As a matter of fact there were two Shelleys. What we may term the bodily Shelley was something of a ' crank,' a man very much afflicted with that madness which is often so closely allied to true genius. The other, or the spiritual Shel ley, ~as certainly one 0? the noblest men that ever walled God's earth ; an inspired being, to whom as Rossetti says ''one's very soul ru8b.es out and embraces as an unapproached poet and a dearest friend.' Shelley has been stigmatized as an atheist, a materialist, a bigamist and every other ' ist' that denotes a vile and sinful nature. The truth is he soared so high over the heads of his fellow men that they could not distinguish his true form. His religious training in youth was en trusted to narrow-minded Presbyterian bigots, an! the lad, seeing the manifest errors of their teaching, cast authority off, and went about blindly beating the air ia search of something more congenial to his high notions of what the true Christian's religion should be. If he was an atheist we could do with a few more of his stamp to-day — men, for instance, who could hymn the praise of the Divine Nazarene in trumpet-tones like these— ' A Power from the unknown God, A Pronethean conqueror came ; Like a triumphal path he trod The thorns of death and shame. The moon of Mahomet Arose, and it shall set : While blazoned as on Heaven's immortal noon, The Cross leads generations on,' In politics the aristocratic-bred Shelley was a staunch Republican, but in this respect I fear he was more poetical than practical. The noble liberality of his views can be judged, however, from the following lines written when he was a mere boy :— ' Oh Ireland ! thou emerald gem oi! the ocean, whoEe eons ara generous and brave whose daughters are honourable and frank, and fair, thou art the isle on whose green shoivs I have desired to see the standard of liberty erected — a flig of fire — a beaoon at which the world shall light the torch of freedom !' In another place he voiced an opinion, which, alas ! ha3 been forced upon ourselvea of late. With ' the trumpet 0? a prophecy' he foretold the triumph of Catholic Emancipation, and added the warning to Irish men so much needed eveu now — ' I do not see that anything but violence and intolerance amongst; yourselves can leave an excuse to your enemies for continuing your slavery.' Shade oi farnell ! how true this is even to-day. At the tirna the above lines were written an Irish editor named Finerty wai sent to an English gaol for libel, and Shelley denouncing this as an attempt 01 tho liberty of the press wrote :—' It ia this sentinel, oh ! Irishmen, whom Ijnowjawaken ! I create to myself a freedom which exists not. There is no liberty of the press for the subjects of British Government.' It has been smartly said that when writing of politics Shelley could uee his left hand only. It wa3 a Bledge-hammer ' left,' however, and Shelley never failed to land it with stinging force on the brazen face of Oppression. As a poet, Shelley was simply sublime in his treatment of i\ noble thoine, ouch ng tho ' Prometheus' ; terrible when he wrought on such an awful subject as the ' Cenci,' and mos exquisitely dainty when he touched the minor^ lyiic chords In his Prcmstheus and Oenci this sonorous singer of but 30 summers reached the towering peak of ^Eschylus. Who can measure the height to which his lofty spirit would have soared had he been spared iov even ten years more ? To quote the gems of his verse would be to quote all. His great poems muat be read in their entirety. And as regards the lesser ones where is there a more dainty diamond than ' The Cloud' — the mo3t brilliant sparkle in which eeems to me to be the third stanza— I am tho daughter of earth and water, Aud tho nurseling of the sky ; I pass through the pores of the ocean and shores ; I change, but I cannot die. For after the rain, when with never a stain, Tho pavilion of heaven is bare, And tho winds and (sunbeams with their convex gleams, Build up the blue dome of air, I silently laugh at my own nenotaph, And out of tho caverns of rain, Like a child from the womb, lihe 0 ghost from the tomb, I arise aud unbuild it again. Shelley was far mova than a man* He was one of the Great Immortals, and the present celebration of his centenary I take to be one of the most hopeful aud glorious gleams that ever gladdened my native land. All praise to those who had the refined taste and spirited energy to honour the nation by doing honour to the god-liko bard. 'Jack ' will win the Caulfield Cup. Make no mistake about this, my friends, but pile your little piles on, and when you spoil the bookies and scoop the pool, handover my commission to the new Dogs' Home, which I believe has just been started by some silk-petticoated philanthropists in Sydney. The poor we have always with up, but they can wait for their ' divvy' until I dream another dream. As this is the first time I have appeared in the role of a sporting prophet before a race was run, I think it necessary to give the reasons for my new departure. The principal reason is that ' a voice came to me in toe night,' as it used to come to the prophets of old — and it wa?a Sunday night too— telling me ' Jack would walk in,' and as we always hear a deal about wonderful dream? after our great Turf events are over, I mention my own revelation now ia order to te3t if those spiritual voices of the night are of any more use to us than tho cat concerts, roo3ter rioting, dog yelping and other earthly — or rather unearthly — voices which make our nights a war fare. Another reaton, and a very weighty one it i3 too, is the fact that ' Jack ' recently ran such a m^onificent p- last ' that the stewards felt curious enough to invite him to step round and explain how he did it. A horse that can get so fdr behind in a minor flutter ia generally worth watching for such an important spin as the little ' Cup,' and £0 I present our readers with my dream, and turf experience too, for all that they are worth. I wouldn't back either myeelf, but, as 1 before re marked, this dream was dreamt before the race, and, as a novelty, it is worth remembrance. As a rule municipal meeting3 are ' rare fun,' but in the way of originality the solemn conclave recently held at LeichhBrdt to discuss the advisa bility of erecting an advertising hoarding round the local cemetery fence most certainly takes the cake. It was urged by one extremely practical party that ' the cemetery would not be desecrated by the hoardings and the vested rights of the holders of the grave3 would not be interfered with,' and I think ho might have eaft-ly added that tbe tenants o? the gr;ves would not raise any great objections either. Alderman Lon3dale objected to living on the returns from ' God's Acre,' and kicked with all his might against the idea of 'raising revenue from the lasi; resting place of the illustrious dead of Balcnain and Leiehhardt.' If he wants a precedent for such a piece of vandalism as the former, however, he has merely to visit tho' Queen of suburb3,' Waverley, where the chief item of munijipal ravenue is derived from the lovely-situated cemetery—the ' Pere la Chaiso' of Au -tralia — where such ' illus trious dead' as Tennison- Woods, Dalley, Kendall and hosts of others sleep their long sleep to the requi-.in of the sounding sea. Alderman Cropley, who once was an undertaker — mark the accent on the vms — but now lives in opulence, declared he waa ' not so scrupulous.'' He firmly believed that ' only ashes remained in the graves and they should sweep tho whcl-i cemetery away and throw the ground open to speculative builders.' I have seen some dwell ings built by 'speculative builders,' and of the two I would for sanitary reasons prefer to live in one of the Lnchhardt graves as they stand at present. For dariug originality on the part ot' an alder man — and an ex-undertaker too — this has never been equalled since the day that an Italian Councillor proposed to utilize the Catacombs a3 a hay and corn store by storing a bale or a bag in every cell ; but why didn't Alderman Cropley go ' one better' still, and propose that the ' illus trious dead of Balmaia and Leichhardi/' be petrified by the newly-discovered process, and then set up as statues to adorn the local park and public buildings ? Fancy what a splendid Pantheon or Teaiplo of the Gods & Town Hall would be if a'l its decea3ed aldermen were turned into stone and propped up in graceful attitudes around it 0 classic walla ! Thio suggestion borders upon the sublime, but it hag one drawback. During the beat of an aldermanic discussion tho ' illustrious dead' znight be used after tho unseemly fashion in which the scientific gentlemen of the Stanis laus society used the valuable fcssil remains which they were investigating. A rosy alderman might be taken on the j jwl by the thigh-bone o£ the deceased councillor whose pla3f» he then filled^ and even hi3 Worship the Mayor might bo laid out by a polthogue from the shin of the party who held the chair before him. Sir George Dibb3 appaars to be as pleased with his new title as a young wife with her first babe, or a peacock with t-'0 tails, for he wires out that he ia deluged with congratulations from the four coiners of the earth, and rumoiu saya that he is 30 delighted with his new clothes that be sleeps ia them, and is never tired asking hi3 friends ' How 3o I look when I've got 'em all on ?'' Beyond 3oubt he looks lovely, for the long cornstalk is really a handsome specimen of colonial produce but I am afraid that the lunicalus 2iopulus, or shirt-sleeved portion of his admirers, here will not bike kindly to the net? toga. In sober earnestness I don't believe Sir George will feel very comfortable in them either, aad when he gazes on them and thinka of the light ning change they made ia his republican viewa ho must feel somathing like Pit F-jemy did when he drowned his shamrock so effectually one St. Patrick's night that ho arose still unaober next day and went to his assistint-bricklayer's job with his trousers hauled on back-to-front. As he reached the top of his first journey skywards the ladder let go its howlt of Pat's feet, or something else untimely happened, and he came to the ground with a force that drove him a yard into the earth. His mates crowded round and eagerly asked if he was hurt, to which the battered but cow sobered Mr. Peeney, after catching sight of the reversed position of his pants, feebly replied, ' No boys, I'm not much hurt, but, holy St. Patrick, I ve goi a divil of a twisht.' In like manner Sir George's robes of Knighthood mu3t convince him that he too haa had ' a divil of a twiaht' of late, and, as a friend, I fear Delilah Guelph has clipped Samson Dibbs's hair, and he may fall into the Philistines' handa at laBt. 