THE TOWN. Captain E. R. S. Sebright, 4th Battalion of the Bedfordshire Regiment, has been appointed to be an aide-de-camp to his Excellency the Governor. The appointment of Sir Andrew Clarke &3 acting Agent-General during the visit of Mr. Monro to Melbourne in connection with the affairs of the Real Estate Bank was sanctioned on Monday by the Executive Council. The British postal authorities have intimated that on the termination of the San Francisco mail contract in November next they will dis continue the payment on the present scale. A subsidy is paid to the Peninsular and Oriental Service in conjunction with this colony, but in sending the mails across the Atlantic the EuglUh authorities work on contracts with the steamers to carry letters by weight. Between San Francisco and Sydney the service is subsi dised by the Governments of New Zealand and New South Wales, and all the Govern ments that utilise it pay a poundage rate to the subsidising colonies Great Britain takes up the ground that, n9 the postal union prin ciple is that each country pays for the carriage of the letters leaving it, the practice should be iu uniformity with the uuion rates, and the 12i. >er lb, paid to tbe Uuion Steamship Company s considerably higher. Tho British therefore intend to reduce their payment to the union rate, whioh is about half that now paid. It is stated that the company will lose about £2000, and that the service will not pay at the reduced rate, so that there is a probability of its ter mination unloss the withdrawal of tho English payment is made up by a subsidy at this eud. I This colony is less concerned in the maintenance of the liue than the subsidising colonies, uud 1& will rest with the latter to suggest an alteration of the present arrangement. The donations given in Melbourne for the relief of the sufferers by the hurricane which about two mouths ago devastated Mauritius are courteously acknowledged in the following letter 11 Mauritius Colonial Secretary's Office, 25th July, 1892. To A. O. Macpherson, Esq., 48 Qucen-stroet, Melbourne. Sir,— I am directed by the aoting Governor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ult., stat ing that a committee was formed to receive contributions for the victims of the disastrous cyclone which visited Mauritius on the 29th of April last, and forwarding a draft for £127 13s. 9d., being the amount oollected. This draft has been duly received aud handed over to the chairman of the executive relief committee, and I beg you will convey to tho donors his Excel lency's best thanks for the mark of their generous sympathy with the sufferers.— I have the honor to bo, Ac. (signed) H. Cockburx Stewart, Assistant Colonial Secretary." A return to tho order of Mr. Bowman was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday, showing tho amouut paid to each of tho Melbourne daily papers for advertising by the ex- Railway Commissioners for the 12 months preceding their retirement from tho service. According to tho return The Age received £487 Us. 6d.; the Daily Telegraphy £450 18a.; tho Argus, £427 10s.; the Herald ,. £334 12s. 6d.; and the Evening Standard, £328 17s. 6d.; making a total of £2029 9s. 6d« A second return indicated the amount paid by all tho publio departments for the 12 months ended 30th Jane last, as follows : — The Age , £1960 Ub. Id.; the Argus , £1559 Is. 2d.; the Daily Telegraph , £1220 3s. 9d.? the Evening Standard, £614 3. 3d.; end tho Herald , £599 4s. 6d. A considerable decrease is apparent in tbe revenue of the Customs department for the month of August as - compared with the samo month of last year. The amount collected during the month was £127,806, out of which £11,826 was paid away as drawbacks and refunds, leaving a net revenue of £115,980. This gives a decrease of £54,694 on August, 1891,- which, is accounted for by the general depression or trade.- At a special meeting of the Chamber of Com merce on Thursday, the tariff proposals of the Government were oondemned, aud it was deoided to petition the Legislative Assembly in opposition to them. Tho president, Mr. R. Dickins, Mr.. J. M. Bruce, Mr. R. Murray Smith, Mn J. Cooke, Mr. E. Laugton, Mr. Robert 'Reid and others spoke at length,- adversely criticising the Trea surer's proposals. Mr. Bruco argued that some portion of tho deficit ought to be made good by requiring parents to bear one-fifth of the cost of education, whilst Mr. Reid eon- tended that protection created great monopolies. Resolutions wore carried, holding— (1) That the additional Customs duties would seriously jeopardise tbe commercial and shipping interests by limiting tho volume of trade and diverting it from tho eolony, and wore not suoh as should bo adopted to increase revenue and promote local industries; (2) that to increase tho bur dens on producers by imposing higher duties on articles u«ed in the principal industries would be detrimental to tuose interests, and would have tho effect of discouraging tho settle ment of pcoplo on the land ; and (3) that tho additions to the stamp duties were mostly impolitic and unjust, and would bear harshly upon classes of the community least able to bear them, and that the return to tho twopenny postage was inimical to the interests and tho reputation of tho colony. On tho completion of the last triennial classi fication of Stato school teachers, a large num ber of teachers who oonsidored themselves badly treated by the olassiflers appealed to the Publio Servico Board. Some of the appeals were upheld, and others were rejected. Teaohers who succeeded in their appeals have applied to the Education department to be transferred to schools corresponding to their higher classifica tion, hut tho classifiers declare themselves to be in an awkward fix, inasmuch as some time ago the Crown Law officers gave an opinion that teachers were given the right of appeal only against the original classification made seven years ago. This point wasbroughtunder the notice of Sir F. T. Sargood, Minister of Public Instruction in the late Monro Government, and be advised the Public Service Board to proceed with the consideration of the appeals, stating that he would get an aot passed to ratify them. He failed, however, to carry out his promise, and the classifiers having been called upon by the successful teachers to certify to their higher classifications, have asked the Crown law officers to review their opinion, and to advise them as to whether or not they can legally comply with the request of tbe successful appellants. Tho professorial staff of the Melbourne university has issued a memorandum to the president and council of the Ballarat School of Mines, urging them to protest against the classi fication of the school with the technical schools, and the allotment of the grant as set forth in the rules recently issued by the Department of Education. Among many seemingly cogent reasons for opposing the proposed classification the memorandum points out that the Ballarat School of Mines has always been affiliated with the Melbourne University, whose professorial staff have conducted examinations and granted certificates, to which well earned respect is paid in the mining community. Then, with the co-operation of the University, , courses of instruction in mining, metallurgy, geology, electricity and agriculture have been established at the Ballarat school, and 18 stndents are variously in their first, second or third year of study. The adoption of tbe new regulations would create a feeling of distrust in the stability of the school, it is urged, and thereby do serious and lasting injury to the value of Its certificate?. It is considered that the regulations wonld have the immedi ate effect of lowering the standard iu the school, so as to make it valueless for the higher purpose of the University, aud that practically the hand of progress would be put back 10 years. The memorandum goes on to point oat that many importantsubjeots connected with mining and mineralogy would not come within the scope of the new regulations, and concludes by expressing the hope that the department would see its way clear to continue the developments of the school in the direction that 21 years' hard experience has proved to be wisest for its best interests. Several of tho bonded warehouse keepers of Melbourne waited on the Commissioner of Cus- toms on n eunesuay anu protested against tne enforcement of the proposed 6d. stamp on all bonding certificates. They urged that, in the present state of trade, very small quantities were taken ont of bond, such as a quarter- cask of spirits, or 10 or 20 balf-chests of tea, and to pay 6d. on every such transaction would be ruinous, and it would not pay to carry on the warehouses. They suggested that Id. would be a fair rate for bonding certificates, while 6d. might be charged on lockers' orders and entries. Mr. Turner said he recognised that there was justice in tho case laid before him, and promised to represent tbe matter to the Treasurer. The Premier has received a communication from the Metropolitan Board of "Works in which attention is drawn to the fact that the board is required to supply water to tho Government de partments free of charge. In consequence of this the board loses, is is represented, between £20,000 and £25,000 a year tu rovenue. The logic of the complaint is r.ot quite apparent, as the aot under which the board was constituted expressly provides tuat no charge shall be made for water supplied to Government departments. The alleged loss of revenue is therefore quite a matter of imagination, for the board never had any right to what it claims to have lost. An extraordinary request is also made that the Government shall erect water meters at eaoh place supplied from the Yan Yean, and a list of 332 localities is furnished at whioh it is urged such meters should bo fixed. The communica tion was forwarded to the officers of the Publio Works department for report. In a memoran dum on the subject the Publio Works depart ment directs attehtion to the fact that an expen diture of at least £1328 would be required to provide meters as suggested. The proposal is scouted as absurd, as to carry out the principle to its legitimate bounds meters would need to be supplied to every railway gatekeeper's cot tage within the metropolitan radius. Moreover, three-fourths of the water used is consumed by the Railway department at tbe principal metro politan railway stations, where meters are already provided. In these oircumstances the proposal is coudemued by the officers of the department. One by one the landmarks of old Melbourne are disappearing under tho tread of a new generation, and very soon thero will be nothing left that was familiar to those who saw the infancy of tho oity. Tho Eastern Hill, an historic locality, is losing the old ter race of houses known as Apsiey-place, which has to make way for tho new fire brigado station, and the old water tank on the other side of the street, a still more conspiouous identity of former days, is now about to be removed. Tho tank reserve has passed Into tho hands of tho Board of Works as a storage ground, and as the Government declines to let the board take the land At South Melbourno, over whioh there lias been suoh dispute, the board has decided, at the suggestion of Mr. Gibbs, the seoretnry, to utilise tne reserve on Eastern Hill for tho reception of materials for water supply works. Tho tank will bo taken to the Werribee sewugu mruij wueio iv triu uo ouu up nguiu uo a storage of water for domestio purposes for tho people residing on tho farm, the irrigation and fertilisation of the land being provided for by the various schemes of tho board. The struc ture will remain a monument of older Mel bourne, of which it provided the first attempt at a water supply, when tho water was pumped from the Yarra, and distributed by carts to the limited population of tho period. It has been out of use for many years, as tho demands of the people soon outgrew its capacities, and had to bo mot by the lavish systom of water supply now established in the metropolis. As a result of tho inquiry held by Superin tendent Sadleir into the conduot of Constables Gilmore and Umbers, who are alleged to havo been guilty of an attempt to blaokmail a young married lady residing in Toorak, whose husband is temporarily absent from the colony, both con stables have been found guilty of misconduct. The papers In the ease were forwarded on Thurs day to the Chief Commissioner of Police, who reoommendod the Chief Secretary to disohargo tho officers. The recommendation was ap proved. A "discharge " is not such a severe puniahment as " dismissal," because a man "discharged" does got a disohnrge paper, whereas a roan who is "dismissed" goto no papers at all ; but even in a easo of disob&rgo; it is improbable a man can enter the service again. The men were allowed tho less severe punish ment because their reoords had hitherto boen good. Umbers is married, but Gilmore is un married. Tho exhaustive report prepared by Detec- tivo Sergeant Considine, who inquired into the dynamite mystery at Stirling, whioh embodies all tbe information he gained, and the conclusion's he has drawn from such information, has been forwarded by the Chief Commissioner of Police to the Crown Law department. It has already been explained that whatever impression has been left in the mind of the detective, after a careful study of the case, neither he nor his officers felt justified in authorising an arrest. The officers of the Crown Law department will bring their legal knowledge to bear upon the matter, and if after a perusal of the detectives' voluminous papers they think it wis© to have a prosecution initiated, action will betaken, but it is understood the probabilities are against such a course being advised, at all events for the present. A foolish joke, which is stated to have nearly resulted ia the death of a young man uained James Grogan, was perpetrated near the Borooti- dara Cemetery, in East Kew, some few nights since. A ghost story had been going the rounds of the district, and younc Grozan. it annears. had stated to some companions that he had no fear of Buch objects. The following night one of the number, raised on stilts and enveloped in a white sheet, suddenly confronted him as he was passing the cemetery reserve. Grogan sus tained such a terrible shock that he staggered to a lamppost and fell insensible to the ground. In this condition he was conveyed to his home, and his condition is stated to be serious. The members of the Salvation Army on Thurs day held a demonstration to celebrate the annual meeting of the social work organisation in connection with the army. During the day meetings were held in tbe Collins-street Baptist Church, and devotional exercises were led by "Commissioner" Coombs. In the evening there was an overflowing attendance at the Town Hall, where Sir F. T. Sargood, M.L.C, pre sided. Addresses were delivered by the chair man, by the Rev. Dr. Bevan, "Commissioner" Coombs and "Major" Jeffries, while there were between times the playing of bands, the singing of solos, choruses and hymns, tbe wav ing of handkerchiefs and the "firing of volleys." The chairman expressed a sincere sympathy with the army's efforts, and gave some particu lars of the results of the work of tbe social organisations suoh ns the Prison Gate Brigade and the Rescue Brigade. Dr. Bevan also strongly commended the army's usefulness, and gave its members credit for energetic, direct, and yet tender, methods of working. 