HOW SHALL WE DECIDE QUESTION r THIS Now, which, is tho woise—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ? i Theru are lots of people on tho one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on toth." that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his weals. But moot of us are not ble«sed in that way ; we cither have too much food without au appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation lino, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and claesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To. illustrate. We recently received n communication in which tho writer says, 1 was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against thernourishment he lived on i If the latter, why i Let him clear the mystery himself. He saya, " In the year 1889 I changed my work fram railway .porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordiuary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur rouud it. My breath was offonaive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstanceaour friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls a " pricking sensation'Vat his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with ipaims, the agony of which was so severe that the iswcat i rolled i off him. " I dreaded," he •ays, the thought of 'eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to •at." "After a time I got into a low, weak, ner- TOUS condition, and felt miserable, as if some- thing waB going to happen, and this causcd mo to lose a good deal of sleep." What he paeans by the fear of " something going to happen " is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as tho lot's of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. 'This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the btaint enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and angoverned imagination. " With great difficulty," he say?, " 1 stuck to my work' for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what J suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I am sure no one has suffered so much as 1 have done." In the latter statement he iB undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbors pain. There is a countless •»• multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience,! only we dont happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found.l^im hd chanced to ;read in a book of a case.e^actjy like his own having (been cured by Mother fceigel's Syrup. "My wife," he says," got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff a, in Woodlesforc|, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to );npw,What it did for me. I have been .employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) GEOKUE HUNT, " Carr Bottom Koad, Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. 