C0BBES3P03STOEHCE, Answers to Questions. [Notice. — Pastoral, Agricultural, an& Y eterinaxy Ques tions are answered in the Agricultural Columns. Questions relating to sporting matters receive attention in the Sporting Columns.] Inquirer (Wyndham). — Tlie author of ' Robbery Under Arms ' is Mr. T. A. Browne, P.M., Albury, New South Wales. T. S. (Molong). — Your No. 1 tank contains 2948 cubic yards 7 cubic feet. Your No. 2 tank contains 95 cubic yards 11 cubic feet. Inquirer (Redfern). — The first steam engine ever used in Sydney was on 28 ih May, 1815, tbe day after Sir Henry Parkes was born. Wagee (Bathurst). — The obelisk in Macquarie-place, Sydney, was erected on 1st March, 1818, and Cook's monument at Botany on 19th March, 1822. Aw?. (Oxley). — To prepare a snake skin for a belt, peg out the skin and dry it the same as you would a 'possumsldn, aud afterwards tan it. Tu polish it rub it with oil. Amateur (Balmain). — 'Pinchbeck' is an alloy of 25 per cent, of zinc, and 75 per cent, of copper, used for watchcases, &c.; It was named after Mr. Christopher Pinchbeck, a toy-seller in Cockbum street, London, who died in March, 1873. Constant Subscriber.— It is difficult to see what objection there would be to sfich a marriage, as there ir no blood relationship between the parties. It is not considered that such a union is illegal, bat it is a point that you should refer to a solicitor. Poneke (Surry Hills). — Good Friday in the year 1886 fell on April 23. The first Wesleyan Church ! was opened at Parramatta on that date in 1821. Good Friday in the year 1887 fell ou April 8, on which date, in the year 1S17, the first bank was established in Australia. This was the Bank of New South Wales. H. C. (Budgee Budgee). — It is impossible to say who is the best nerve and brain doctor in Sydney. There are romiy good physicians, and it would be invidious to mention one before another. Write to Dr. Houison, secretary of Medical Board, 142 Phillip-street, Sydney, and he will doubtless give you tne best advice on the subject. B. H. (Bankstown). — The Prince Imperial, Napoleon Eugene Louis Jean Joseph, son of the Empress Eugenie and the late Emperor, who was also styled Napoleoh IV., was born on 16th March, 1856, and was killed in Zululand on 1st June, 1879. He was buried beside his father at Chiselhurst on 12th July, 1879, and the bodies of both father and son were subsequently removed on 9th January, 1888, to the mausoleum at Farnborough. H. R. B. (Wombat). — Send to Messrs. Lassetter and Co. re reboring rifle. The firm states that it executes all kinds of repairs on the premises eaual to the best London and Birmingham workmanship. Messrs. Lassetter and Co. do not stock No. 32 Colt's rifles. They keep only No. 44 and 38 rifles, but at present are clear of these. However, they expect to land some in about four weeks' time. Messrs. Cowles and Dunn, 407 George-street, are long-established gunsmiths, and you might communicate with them. Subsceibeb (Cobran). — The ship Windsor Park arrived in Sydney from London on February 16, 1891\. Her agents were Messrs. Dalton Brothers, Pitt- Btreet. Since then the ship has been home to London and out again to Melbourne^ where she arrived on the 3rd of last month. She is now load ing at Melbourne for London. The agents for the ship in Melbourne ate Messrs. Henry Berry and Co. It is not known for certain whether the vessel is coming to Sydney after her arrival at London ; but she will probably come to either this port or Melbourne. C. S. B. (Enfield).— W. R. Govett, a surveyor, of NeW South Wales, in 1832, discovered the remark able falls which bear his name. With regard to the legend giving rise to the name ' Govett's Leap,' there are several that have been promulgated, but the real origin of the name appears to be shrouded in mystery. Probably, the legends were invented to fit the name, and give colour to the probability of a ' leap.' One of the legends is that Govett was once chased by the myrmidons of the law, and, bfinpr tard pressed, plunged into eternity at this spot rather than fall into their hands. But, as has been said, this story is apocryphal. F. H. (Mossgiel). — 1. You ask our opinion whether ghostsreally exist. - Our opinion is that they do not exist, but are the creatures of disordered brains and nerves. 2. Do we think it possible for the spirit to leave the body in life and return to it again? No, we don ot. There are cases of suspended animation, such as trances, &c.;, but the life is still there. The sub ject is, however, a very deep one, and presents very mysterious features at times. 3. Even if ghosts did exist, it is not easy to see how they can benefit man kind, unless they would open their mouths and enlighten mankind on the subject of themselves, and convince such people as agnostics and others of immortality of the soul. Inquisitive (Newtown). — The term ' ostracism ' is from the Greek vslrdkm , a potsherd or shell. It was applied to a mode of proscription at Athens, and is said to have been first introduced by the tyrant, Hippias. Others ascribe it to cleisthenes, about 510 B.C. The people wrote the names of those whom they most suspected on small shells. These theyput in an urn or box and presented to the Senate. Upon a scrutiny, he whose name was often est written was sentenced by the council to be banished from his altar and hearth. Fully 6000 votes were required. Aristides, noted for his jus tice, and Miltiades, for Ins victories, were thus ostracised. The custom was abolished by ironically proscribing Hyperbolus, a mean person, about 338 B.C. Constant Reader (Victoria).— The amalgam on copper plates is best scaled off by the careful use of a dull chisel, but the copper must not be exposed, and immediately after scaling rub quicksilver over the plates. Next free ihe amalgam from impurities by rubbing it in an iron mortar with a little fresh silver, letting the water flow over the mortar so as to wash away impurities and keep the scum for the amalgamating pan. Press the quicksilver together ; with the scales charged with, amalgam through either chamois lea&er; or strong thick canvas. ' Tne final operation is the separation of the mercury from the gold. This is accomplished by retorting, and the resultant gold had better, where appliances and wlrill are wanting, not be remelted, but sent, as im pure as it may look, to the bank or Sydney Mint. - A practical bookj .on -the whole - subject is the ' Metallurgy of Gold ' (12s 6d), by Eissler, and to be had at aU leading booksellers. T. C. — Derreck appears to be one of the first exe cutioners, or hangmen, known. He was a con demned criminal^ sentenced to death, pardoned bv Lord Essex, whom he afterwards executed. Next, one Bull acted about 1593. Then came Gregory Brandon, the supposed executioner of Charles L He was succeeded by his son ; young Brandon by Squire Dunn, who was succeeded by Jack Ketch, the godfather of all modern hangmen. Pascha Boose, a butcher, took the place of Ketch for a few months. After Ketch, came Price, a pardoned malefactor, who was hanged for murder. Then came Dennis, the hangman at the Lord George Gordon riots, and as those were in 1780, and Dr. Doddwas hanged in 1777, he was probably the hangman of Dr. Dodd. After Dennis came Botting, and then Foxen, who was succeeded by Calcraft, who was followed by Marwood. Calcraft could not possibly have hanged Dr. Dodd, as he (Calcraft) was born in 1800, and Dr. Dodd was hanged in 1777. Can any of our readers say from absolute knowledge who hanged Sr. Dodd ? J. B. S. (Bathurst). — 1. The communication respect ing 'flying machines' cannot readily be traced. However, Mr. Leonard Hargrave, of 40 Roslyn gardens, Sydney, invented a flying-machine, and it is doubtless a reference to that which you saw in the Engineer or Scientific American. The machines are only models, although stated to be successful, but Mr. Hargrave' is continuously at work on these with the view of improvement in the direction of simplicity and economy. There are one or two books on the subject of flying-machines to be obtained from the booksellers, but we would advise you to communicate with Mr. Hargrave, who will be your best guide on the subject, and will doubt less suggest the best work to get. 2. The following are breeders of game fowls: R. H. Judd, St. Peters; G. C. Murdoch, Balmain; W. Pratt, Marrickville ; Alexander Shaw, Woollahra ; and F. W. Ravensliill, Park-road, St. Peters. Jackaroo asks : — ' My wife has left me about seven years ago, and I have not heard of her since- 1 have advertised in the local papers aud have never heard of her. Can I many again?' — The mere fact of not having heard of your wife for seven years is not sufficient. You must have reasonable ground to believe that she is dead. In any case, the fact of marrying after an absence of seven years does not make the second marriage valid, unless it should be that the first wife was really dead at the time of the contraction of the second alliance. The only thing that the lapse of seven years (with reasonable belief that the first wife is dead and that there is no lawful impediment to the second marriage) bnngs is immunity from punishment for bigamy, but the position of the second wife would be unenviable, for she would really be no wife, and the children (if any) would be bastards. However, consult a solicitor on the subject. If you refer to the daily papers (especially on Wednesday last), you will see an account of an interesting case, Martin v. Martin, bearing on tbe point at issue, and in another page of the Sydney Mail yon will see a precis of the case, an exact and authoritative answer to your question. 