CONSTANCE. BY F. C. PHILIPS, Author of "Tho Doan and his Daughter," " As In a Looking- glass," &c-;, Ac. chapter XL. Many men can hardly realise how mllicuit it is for a woman to take the initiative. If Basil St, Quotum had left but a written line, although it had been but of the bitterest ! reproach, it would have been easier to meet ! and light than utter silence. That lie, too, believed her guilty Constance i was sadly forced into perceiving, and the j knowledge almost broke iter heart,. True, there iv as nothing between them, no vows 011 ! either side to bind, ami yet lie had asked her ; to be his wife, and she had not' said him nay. ! tie must have known that she loved him. | Was lie still in London, ur had he returned j to l'aris ! ltaeke-.l with doubts and misery the poor soul penned a note to 1 'aphne, in j which she asked if she laid heard anything i of St. Quenliu. and when the reply lay lie- it re iier her hand trembled so much that she 1 could hardly open ir. Alas! Her worst misgivings were realised. The man she loved I had gone to South America. ! " No one knows why," wrote Daphne. ' lie sent a message for all his belongings, ! gave up his rooms, and started there and ! i hen. But he always was an erratic fellow." Xiio letter fell on Constance's lap, and , bitter tears forced themselves to her eyes. ! ho this was the end, and the leaf might be doubled down and turned over. Life looked very grey and sad to the disappointed j woman. Two months dragged themselves away, , and then Lord Ilardstock reappeared on the j scene. He strolled leisurely into Mrs. Strang- | ways' drawingroom as if it were but yester day since he was last there, and Kebecca stared at him as if he were a ghost, ' \'ou 1" she cried, " Where under the sun have you been/" 1 wonder how often we speak the truth, tho whole truth, and nothing but the truth. 1 Very rarely,. I imagine. At all events, _ his lordship had not tin- faintest intention of en lightening Mrs. btrangways as to his reason for remainim: perdu ayd leaving home for so long, and therefore replied with an airy pre tence of nothing unusual, whiclt in no way deceived that. lady. " L owe you a thousand apologies," he said, " I csncct to iind 1 am in disgrace with ail my friends, but I am a bad hand at letter-writing, as you well know. I have been at Greystoile with two or three fellows." " For all this lime asked Mrs. Straug- ways, severely, for she did not in the very least believe this pleasing little fiction." Well, not tho whole of the time since you and I. met, certainly. You remember, I daresay, that I had the pleasure of accom panying your sister part of the way on her i-m , , m ionrnev tn Amiens. On lav return 1 met au old chum, who asked me to join liiui mi a walking tour, which 1 did. We had beastly weather, and the whole thing was a fiasco, Never was so vexed with myself in I,iv life. My friend wouldn't turn back, and J could hardly leave him alone, so we managed to «ret through three weeks of utter martyrdom, and look as if it were the most delightful tiling in the world to get wet through to the' skin, and at least in every twenty-four hours, with every bone in our bodies aching. But it came to an end, us everything must do 'sooner or later, accord ing to the law of compensation, which, if it cuts short our joys, mercifully puts us out of our troubles as well, and then I went down to Greystone to recruit, and — well, here I am." Mrs. Strangways was puzzled, and re mained silent. 4 Now, tell me all the news," cried his lordship. " In .the lirst place, how is Mrs, Armilage ?" " Not- well, I am sorry to say, but she hixs had enough worry" to account for it. That ungrateful trirl, Miss Batllie, ran away tho very day after she went to l'aris." u 1'ou surprise me I Ran away I When did she go f It is strange I have heard nothing. Really I begin to think there must be something a little wrong here," lie continued, tapping his forehead significantly. 44 You remember how oddly she acted once before V i»-/4 1 do. Jt is a great pity that yon should 1 have recommended a young person of whom ! you knew so little to my sister, Lord Hard- i stock." You cannot regret it, my dear madam, more titan 1 do. But what little acquaint ance I had with the girl warranted my believing her to be in every way suited to what Mrs. Armitage was requiring at the time. She has not behaved well, certainly." 44 We will not discuss tho matter. It is not a pleasant subject, I do not suppose we. shall ever hear of lier again." Devoutly did his lordship echo that wish Oil the following day he called at Kensing ton, but, a good deal to his chagrin, ho was not admitted. " Mrs. Armitage is seeing no one to- day," lie was informed, and although he scribbled a hasty line beneath his name and sent it up to Constance in blissful confidence that the rule would be relaxed tor him, he had to go awav disappointed. 44 Mrs. Armitage regretted that she was unable to see Lord Hardatock." 44 Is she ill, Phcube ?" I'hcebc cast down her eyes demurely and answered that she did not know. And in wardly fuming, his lordship went away. At the end of the week he called aagin, but again Constance was not visible. Two days later, lie made the attempt once more, and this time it began dimly to dawn upon him Unit Mrs. Armitage did not desire to see him, and the suspicion nettled and wounded him. The moment he reached his chamber's he sat down and wrote a note, in which he ex pressed his surprise at the reception he had met, and asked for an explanation. By the next evening's post he got it. 14 Scandal had coupled their names together in a most unpleasaut way," Mrs. Armitage wrote, 41 and she was therefore reluctantly obliged to ask Lord ilardstock to discontinue his visits to Kensington." Nothing could have bccu colder or more terse. 44 tfhc suspects." Beneath his thick mous tache his lordship uttered an unparliamen tary word. By-and-by he betook himself to Mrs. Strangways for sympathy. <' 1 am not surprised that Constance has turned the cold shoulder upon you," said that lady, "although in my own opinion she is acting in the most absurd manner. But still, considering everything — " 44 1 am entirely in tho dark, remember, Will you be so good as to enlighten iue as to what 1 am accused of, and how through my instrumentality Mrs, Armitago's good name has suffered V And Mrs. Strangways briefly narrated the actual facts. Lord Ilardstock appeared deeply concerned. " ftg.is abominable that such a report should have been circulated," he said, "but don't you think it is a ;littlo hard that the blame should rest upon me, ! and that 1, wholly innocent as I am, must ! pay the penally." 44 1 do," replied Rebecca, pulling at her thread tio angrily that it broke; "'butifcis nnt with nio you have to deal, and Con stance is made of different stulE altogether. Jt she says she will not i>erniit your visits you may rest assured that she will keep her word, for Mie is obstinate as a mule when she gets a fancy into her head." ' But. a word or two from yon," insinuated Lord llnrdstock. w I wiLl do lay beat \ hut X 5 toil you candidly that i have not the faintest hope of succcediug. Constance is as hard as granite with xne, as with the rest of the world, and U9 cold ns steel. Why do you lovelier/" she asked, suddenly raising her eyes and looking toil into his face. 44 1 confess I cannot understand it. Hho never has and never will care for yon. She is absolutely incapable of appreciating the sacrifices you would make for her. She is not a pretty woman — not exceedingly pretty : she is not — " "She is the mosl.tantalisingand vexatious woman (tod ever created. 1 love her lor herself, because she is Con.-tnncc. 1 can say no more. I iove her because she is pure and good, and miles above any other woman . I ever met." I.ord ilardstock seized his hat and a minute later had hailed a hansom and was driving rapidly away. And where was Emily — erring, \ broken hearted Kmily »' llcv first impulse was to go away, where ?he would not be reminded of her lover's falseness and treachery, so she packed her boxe. and as one in u dream left the home where she had spent so uiauy quiet, peaceful, if not actually happy months, i i or life seemed to have come to a sudden stop, and it was difficult to take up tho broken threads and weave them anew. She had been tricked, hoodwinked, and used as a tool to further Lord J-lardstock's vile schemes. Site wept and gnashed her teeth, and beat the air with her iists in im potent rage. Emily was eminent ly practical, and her grief and anger did not pi event, her counting over the contents of her purse to find how large a sum stood between her and starvation. 44 I can't work, the energy is gone out of inc," she cried, drearily. And tor days she sat- in a sort of stupor, liardly moving ; eat ing when driven to it by sheer hunger ; sleeping when fatigue weighed Mown her eyelids — dazed, stupefied. And then she roused herself. She still had her voice, and ' although she was out of practice, that could soon be remedied. She hired a piano and set. to work at once, and before a month had passed over her head, she had secured an en gagement at a pound a week. l'.ut ir was dreary work. Ambit, ion was dead within her. When they praised the rich, sweet tones, she smiled and shrugged her shoulders. What did it matter. k'ho would die if she did not work, her voice was a means of support, therefore she sang. She eared nothing at all whet her the talent she possessed wore appreciated or no. She was simply a machine to grind out work ade quate to the sum paid to her. Uer beauty was going fast.. Her cheeks were hollow, and lines had traced themselves upon her face, and her brow was wrinkled, tfhe would not allow her thoughts to dwell upon the past., and shrank from anything that might bring it to her memory, forcing herself to live only in tho present — the loveless, joy less, awful present. Truly it was death in life. " And I may live 50 years longer. Oh.jrav Gcd, have pity upon me !' cried the wretched One night-, when her work was done, she was starting for what she called " home," it began to rain, big drops plashiug on the pavement. 44 I cannot afford to be ill," re heated Emily, and she hailed a passing omni bus and got in. At the further end sat Dr. Dale. She would have retreated, but he was too quick for her. He Bcized her hand joy fully. 44 What a lucky accident," he cried, his face aglow with surprise and pleasure. Well, she might as well sit down. Fate was too strong for her. She sank into a place next to his and ceased to struggle. JJy-uud-by , she had no longer the wish to do so, the kindly voice, the gentle words full of inte rest in her, pregnant with feeling and sym pathy — they were very grateful. Site turned, and involuntarily looked up at him. How strong, how manly, how haudsome he was ! And yet, with all the petversity of her six she had bestowed not so much as a graiu of affection upon him. Almost she. could find it in her to be u little pitifui, villi an odd sort of sell-pity. " Where are you living?" he asked. She told him. although she had made up he: mind that she would not do so. 44 And you are happy V 44 No," with a little quivering sigh, 44 I can never be happy again." lie passed over the despairing words as if he had not heard them, but they had sunk deep down into his heart 44 l'oor, friendless girl," lie was thinking, as she held out her tiand iu farewell. 44 This is my corner — I get down here. Good-bv." 44 1 am coming with yon." And again she made no protest. In silence they walked, side by side, until she reached her own door. 44 My secret is safe with you. You will give mj address to no one <" 44 You have my word. Good night, child." 44 Good night. God bless you." There was something like a tear in Emily's eye as she ascended the rickettv little stair case to her own room. But on the morrow she took herself to task. How imprudent she had been. What could have possessed her to reveal her whereabouts / She could no longer count on seclusion and privacy. True, she might leave the neighborhood. But she did not do so. And when each night as she turned the corner of the street she walked leisurely and slowly to her own door, perhaps there was a little disappoint ment in her heart. And yet it could not have been Dr. Dale she half hoped to see, because she had her self cxtmcted a promise that he would not annoy her in any way. CHATTER XLI. It was a pitiless night, the rain falling in torrents, and a suspicion ot thunder in tho air. Dr. Dale congratulated himself that his rounds were over, and that there was no urgent call necessitating his leaving his cosy study again that evening. He had a pile of books before him, but he had scarcely turned a page of the one that lay open upon his knee, for his thoughts had strayed to Emily Baillie — mysterious, be witching Emily. If she could but have known the amount of self-control he was obliged to call to his aid to keep out of her vicinity ; but he had given his promise, and a promise was a sacred Hung in the young doctor's eye. Ho had felt sorely templed to write to her. to ask her plans, to beg her to consider him her friend, and to apply to him if he could be »f the smallest assistance to her, but he hesi tated. He felt dillklent about forcing him- Miii: upon her, aud she had been at no pains to hide from hiui her annoyance at their last meeting. Oh 1 but that was at the first moment. Afterwards she had been like her old self, her most gracious and pleading self. It was odd what an influence. he exerted over her, ! and now, almost unconsciously, aud most j poitively unwillingly, she vivldei to him until her thoughts Leonine his thoughts, and | her individuality, as it were, became umrged ! in his own. Dr. Dale rarely trusted himself j to dwell on tho subject that had so fusei- j nated him a while ago — mesmerism and the . occult influence individuals exercise over each other. Tito hunuui will — intangible, I subtle, yet so powerful that it could over- j ride aud master a weaker one — an interest- j ing studv, porplcxiug and must wonderful. j Dr. Dale rose- and drew a couple ut j volumes towards him. opening them i:i a j half abashed and hesitating fashion — half | afraid, conscious that interniz'ddling might ' be dangerous, ami yet uuable to resb.t. tho temptation. Tnge after page Ik? turned, and the hours ticked themselves awuy and still he read on, Tha rata toll moio heavily, Aid a dull j rumbling proclaimed that tho storm wa s at I hand. 44 It is incredible," lie said at Inst. 44 What B might not science accomplish, strengthened by so powerful an ally V And yet we are as children in the dark, scarce daring to take a step forward lest— " A loud ring at the surgery Loll caused him to spring to his feet, lie crossed tlio little hull and ilumr open the dom. A woman puduM pad. him info the room beyond, her cloak Mrontning with water. It was Emily .Baillie. At 1 h is honrl Dr. Daft; shot, the bolts in the outer door .and followed her mechanically. Neither of 1\. hem had uttered a word. Emily tore the veil from her face, and then he .-.i\v how pale she was. Sim \va.:; evidently ill and in need of his services. He came i.» l.»r side and un fastened her heavy ctoak and shook it care fully. and then he ponied a i\:w drops of sai- volatile into a glass and held it towards her. But she motioned it aside. »4 Vou must, think me mad to come here at such n time," she said. v.d:h a ieeble attempt at a smile: 44 bin, ! — I could not spend another night o: torture suca as I have been living through the past week, and I thought von would fell me what to do," She looked up at him wistfully. She shook her head. 44 I lay and toss, and turn, and think. Oh. God, I am thinking, thinking until my brain reels and my senses f;iil me, and if for a momo::4. I lose myself the horror of my dreams wakens me. It is k\B dng inc. uive me romeuung lor pity s sa.Vv : snrcly there, is some drug powerful eU0'Ugh to deaden feeling and — memory." (_To be eiiniinued. ) 