The ghosts of Hooking Hall, In the latter part of the summer of 18_ I was travelling over the county of Hocking. I found myself as the shades of evening fell in one of those lonely and gruesome hollows for which the Black Jack region of Hocking County is justly famous. I thought to myself, as I sat down upon the moist and spongy end of a rotten log to rest antd gather my scattered thoughts, if I were looking for the focus of a ghost story I wouldn't ask for a better outfit than is here spread before me. At my feet ran the babbling brook. The solemn and lonsesome wood might have been the very place dipicted by the haunted im agination of the unfortunate Aram. The lines came to my mind:: In a lonesome wood, neath heaps of leaves, I hid the murdered man. And this creek, which widens a little fur ther on into a black pool, where its erst while lively and sparkling waters find a sluthful rest, why might it not be the Sluggish water, dark and deep, in whose bosem the murderer sought to eon :eal his victims. Suddenly there were the premonitory trumblings of one of those sudden and violent. -.electrical storms .which were exceedingly -common daring the summer referred to. Almost before I could bestir myself the face of the heavens was black with the ole-' mental wrnthand' the tops of the giant oaks were tossing in the breeze like so many arms lifted in supplication to the storm king. I rose and walked rapidly along the thread of the stream up to the head of the hollow. I had not gone more than three hundred yards when I emerged at the edge of the woods and found myself in an open t;ace in the midst of which stood a houseeuilbuf logs, but weatherboarded. The surroundings of the house wore some what.peculiar. 'T'he cleared space, of which itwas seemingly the exact centre, washewed out of,primeval forest in a square, whose sides were possibly two hundred yards. About the house, and inclosing what might have been a garden spot, save that the vegetation seemed to have died long ago, ran a slab fence. As I passed across the imoloesre to the house, I was peculiarly struck with the fact that the soil of the in closure was dry and friable, although the ground in the immediate vicinity indicated that' it had rained but recently. I also :noticed with astonishment that the 'weeds and withered vegetation of the ,garden was so dry that it cracked and btroke beneath my feet with the brittleness of finest glass. The fence, which I have re ferred to, was decayed, but naot out of repair; 'that is, there was a general mouldering away, 'but no specific breaks or breaches to indicate 'that it had been the object of.misusage or the 'wear and tear of ordinary occupancy. An -old-fashioned well sweep-stood in front of the 'house, a little to the right, and beckoned me with cooling enticement in that feast of Sdrought. I approached and bent over the 'curb-the well was as dry as the rich man's -eye at the funeral of his poor relation. The stones at the bottom, stained with the traces of moss which had dried and fallen off, looked thirst. There were no signs of life about me cautious rooster seeking shelter from the approaohing storm, no house cat on the settle \--with plaintive cry begging for admittance. ~'ot even the friendly dog came rushing out, as was usually his wont,'to bid me "deep monthed welcome" and wipe his incisors off on my trousers. A orow, which perched at the further end of the inclosure, as I ap preached flew off and winged his lazy flight to the highest branch on the highest tree at the top of the opposlte'hill. W'ith him de parted all the life of the place. I don't'think I was ever so oppressed with lonelinees and the -sense of destitution as I was in that short moment which it took me to cross that inclosure and make the observa tions which I have imperfectly detailed. But thoe-storm in the meantime had grown in fury, and the clouds were threatening in stant, and I thought welcome, precipitation upon that-thirsty ground. I could not delay longer my reluctant application for admit tance, for'I confess that there was something about the-house which made me shiver when I thought of entering. The small windows, of the 'most antique pattern, seemed to be eyeing me with a sinister and curious mean. ing, as if surprised at my temerity. I ap proached the door, which was raised about two feet from the.ground, and was reached by 'three steps of rough stone. I knocked timidly at first, but there was no response save the faint echo' of my knocking. Then, emboldened by my first efforts and by the 'violence of the threatening storm, which seemed rolling on towards the inclosure from ll portions of the sky, I knocked again, this 'time so vigorouslythat the loud reverbera tions rolled through the empty rooms and re turned to my ear in repeated echoes. My heart beat rapidly, for I was sure I heard a step within. It seemed to proceed from an -upper chamber, and came slowly, stealthily down: the stair. The door evidently led into a hall and the stairs led close to it. The 0steps-continued to approach and the action of my:heart quickened until I shut my teeth tightly to hold it in. At last the feet reached the floor. I think I would have fled -from the place, but I hadn't the power. The :thing, whatever it was, for I now began to believe that !I was in the country of the .supernatural,' and wouldn't have been sur prised to have had the devil himself open the n'door and invite me in, pansed atthelanding. I tried to look careless and unooncerned, but that effort assumed the same air of general .1elapidation. !Presently the presence satisfied itself, t~urned and walked down the hall and was lost to my ear. Everything was deathly still again and my repeated knooking only awoke -the echoes, which, proceeding from those -hollow rooms, seemed almost to have the -sentience of a human voice. I now determined to solve the mystery, whatever the result. It would be a good place for counterfeiters, and in the eventthat sopposition was true I would probably be soubjected to the embarrassment of having my tongue cut out. However, in my present • tate curiosity fast overcame fear, and after once more assailing the door with my knock-, ing, I placed my shoulder against it to force it. I had braced msvelf fora hard twsleand SI felt a little natural embarrassmentandecon _fusion when I found myself sprawling on the floor in the hall. I was the more confused because I was sure I heard a low laugh, which I took to iss'e from feminine lips right Sin my ear. I scorambled to my feet, mentally framing a graceful apology for my 'rather precipitate entrance, but to my astonishment I was alone-horribly alone ! I examined the.door and found that at the first pressure the look had fallen from its fastenings. .Decay, the slow decay of time and idleness, was over everything. Thehall wansshortand. bare and contained nothing but the rude stair way, which, without balustrade, led to an opening in the floor above and probably a hallway of similar ldimensione. On the left .was a small room bare of ornament. An old fashioned bedstead with bigh red posts stood in one corner. Opposite andnearthe window stood a little washstand with stone bowl anl' p~ither. I looked into the pitcher; it was d ry. 'There was no water in it, but at the bottom of the bowl I thought I discerned a red incrustation which might have been blood. I remembered that the stain of :?man blood was the last thing to fade away. It remained to testify to the horror its •spiling occasioned long after the memory of the event had faded from the minds of men. I can't describe my sensations .as I contemplated thi. simple thing. It seemed to my excited imagination that I could feel the presence of something behind me bending over my shoulder. The .same chilly breath was on may cheek which I 'felt, but have yet failed to mention, as coming through the keyhole of the door when the presence stopped at the foot of the stairs. With an effort I shook the horror off and turned for further investigation. 1 ap proached the bed. The storm which I had forgotten in my new-found interest had deepenedthe shadows of evening until the ligbt .which struggled through the small window became a shadow before it reaohod that corner of the room. As I bent mysteps in that direction the presence which I could cot see, but which I was sure had been at may back ever since I entered the house, 280) shifted tea position, and now seemed to stand between me uand the bed, retreating bwk ward ns I approached. I w.As sure of this, because I felt its breath on my face. As I stooped over the bed I was sure I again saw traces ciblood. It was on the pillows whose white cases had turund vellow with time, and in the shadow I thcuul t I discerned it in profusion on the oonuternace. T'he coverings of the bed were tos,:d a~bout in a way which would suggest that its lust oc oupa't, had been suffering with the night mare. As I bent further dowu to examine the blood spots more minutely I became consociousof icy haudsabout my throat. I strua.gled to free myself, but my efforts were ineffectual. Presently the hands loosened their grasp, and it seemed something sankl t aek into the. bed with a eurgling and sickening groan as if dying from strangu lation.. I tied aghast from that room and started for the hall door bent upon immetliate escape from this chamber of mysteries. To my con sternation the look had been replaced and the door resisted my most strenuous efforts to open it. I rushed into the room on the right; the window was tightly boarded up, a fact I had failed to note while outside. I was a prisoner in that house of horrors, without the physical power now to escape even if u way had been opened to me. My knees smote together and the cold sweat stood out on myforehead. The room in which I was had evidentlyservedas a kitalen and dining room. i.t appeared'as if it had been left hastily after a meal, but if so, it must have been years ago, for the remnants of there past had only left stains upon the moulder ing cloth. The furnishings of the table were crude and of a pioneer date; the plates were of a yellow crockery and the bowls 'and cups of antique pattern; in the wide fire place the old-fashioned crane swung with an iron pot hanging to its arm. In my utter despair some part of my nerve returned, and I was enabled to again move about. The paralysis which fear had laid upon my limbs had fallen off, and I now determined upon further investigation. I was getting used to things, and the icy presence which still stood by my side was not entirely intolerable. I determined to go up the stairs and see what new revelations would be vouchsafed in the upper story. The night without was black, and I could hear the deep thunder peals and sea flashes of lightning. In the natural course of events I thought the house should be dark; but while the night had grown from gray to black there seemed to be no change in the condition of the light within the house. The atmosphere still had that sickly yellow hue which you sometimes see when the evening sun sinks beneath a black cloud. It was peculiar in this, too, that it seemed to pass along before me, while the spaeoo at some dis tance was totally obscured in the shadow. By the aid of the light, then, I found the door and began the ascent of the stairs. As I ascended I could hear footsteps immediately behind me. They stopped when I did, and when about half way up the stair I heard again the same feet descending which had thrilled me when I stood outside the door. I could feel the presence pass me on the way and I thought I felt the touch of its hand. I looked at my hand at the point of contact, and a bright red spot glowed there. The apparition, or whatever it was, passed on my loft, or the outside of the stairway, and I could feel the ghostly companion at my back shudder and crowd to the w.ll, sensibly pushing me to one side in its eagerness to avoid the other shade. Evidently, I thought, for I was now enough composed to tcink, there is not entire harmony in this ghostly household. I now proceeded to the top without inter ruption and shade No. 1 resumed its place at my back. At the landing, however, I per ceived that my companion stopped. I took several steps to the door on the right, which led to a chamber over the kitchen. I lifted the latch and entered. To my surprise, but not consternation for my nerve was oom pletely restored, the door was sharply closed after me, and I was left in total darkness. The yellow light was gone and the mysteri. ous presence had also departed. I groped my way to the window which opened on thein closure at the back of the house and tried to throw up the sash, but it resisted my efforts Peering through the darkened glass, I could see that the storm had not abated any of its fury, but upon a closer look I saw that the oleored space to which I have alluded, and which I noticed as being extremely dry, seemed to be wholly escaping the heavy rain which was falling about nus. From this window I could see the lofty wall of woods at the back and a portion on each side, and extending up from its top I could easily per ceive the edge of the rainfall, like a crystal wall, exactly co-incident with the line formed by the trees. This, then, was the explanation of the excessive dryness. The place was cursed. As I turned again to the room I became conscious of a change in the condition of the' light. The glow was very faint at first, but gradually intensified until the objects in the room were easily discernible. The light was of much the same quality as that already referred to, only stronger ; and now I per. ceived that it proJeeded from a candelabra on stable near the window, with three branches eaoh holding a wax taper. While wrapped in wonderment at this phenomenon I became aware of a warm and comfortable sensation oreeping over me, and, looking around, be held a cheerful fire in the old-fashioned open grate at my back. "This is excellent," I thought, and seating myself in a curiously carved oaken chair before the fire, I began to leisurely examine the contents of the room in detail. There was a richness about every thing that ill comported with the wild ness of the region and the finish of the room. Evidently these trappings of luury had been used to better days and other climes. There was an air of Oriental profusion in the furnishings that suggested the nativity of the owner, but there was also senoh a diversity in the designs and workman ship of the various articles that .even an un practiced eye could readily see they lad been collected from many quarters of the globe. I at once made up my mind that the mysterious owner weas a seafaring man possibly a pirate, who for some detected crime was forced to seeksafety iu this place, remote from the bass of his marauding operations. The table wheroon sat the light was littered with books, maps and nautical instruments, and upon its stani, near a richly.upbolstered chair by the table, which swung on its inclined axis. The room looked as if the occupant had just left it, and but for a short time. While I was musing upon these strango things the door softly opened and a man richly clad in garments of Oriental magnifi conce entered. He was smoking a long Turkish pipe, and the pungent 'fragrance of the tobacco brought up to my?naination all the poetical charms of the Orient. I was about to speak, but saw that, although he turned his eyes to that portion of the room where I sat, he did not observesne. Hoepassed quickly across the room to the hobair by the table and sank contentedly bank in its cushions. He was in deep meditation, and as he held his rapt gaze on the opposite wall he took long draughts at his pipe and filled the room with the fragrant smoke. Presently he laid aside the pipe, took a parchment map from the table, and with his nstrnment was soon lost in some intricate problem. I don't know how long we sat thus, but it couldn't have been many momenurta until the latch again clicked and another tigure entered the room. The figure in the chair didn't raise its eyes, and was evidently unconscious ot the second presence. The intnruder was a man dressed after the same general fashion of the first, in an inferior style, which indicates the rank of a servant. His features, wrought with passion, showed that he was a native of some of those countries which border the Mediterranean, possibly a Greek. The featnres of the master, whom I now turned to, as they were eagerlybent over his map, showed that he had been born in a colder clime, but they had the bronze which only the tropical sun can give. While I was making those osaervations the second figure had glided around the rom and was standing back of the chair and partially leanintr over the sitting man.- The move. ment had evidently been unobserved by the latter. I looked into the face of the servant, and if ever murder cried out from features it certainly did from these. Ina twinkling he had whipped aI curved and murderous knife from his belt, and bonding down he placed his hand ove1r the mouth of the man in the chair, bent hii head back until the throat was well expecd, and then he drew the keen knife across, almost oevering the head. The blood gushed out in torrents, hut the murderous slave h..ld his hand tightly over the mouth of the viicim until he was sure life had parted; then he dropped the head, which fell limply to one side, exposing the ghastly wound, and again passed out the door. I herd his footfalls on the stairs. I had heard them before. They were the same which re sponded to mny first knocking, the same which passed ume on my way to the fatal ohamher. i arose and followed quickly to the land ing. The man had passed down' to. the door and was standing in an expectant attitude, evidently awaiting the approach of some ore. Presently I heard the fresh notes of a song without, and following the door was opened and a young girl, carrying a calnlo and shielding its flame from thbo wind with her hand, entered. She had no more than stepped across the threshold when the slave sprang upon her. There was a struggle, .and the delicate girl was hustled into the room I first described. I heard a stilled shriek, a gurgling groan, and thou all was still. In the intensity of my agonised horror I found my voice and called aloud. Just us I shouted the storm seemed to gather all its thunder in one bolt, which it spent with a mighty and deafening crash. The earth shook, the fabric of that house crumbled about me and the uncanny spirits flow shrieking to their confines. 