Joanlu Bracelet. On a morning early in the spring of last year two men stood leaning against the mantelpiece of a room in one of the government offices. The taller of the two-he who was at home in the room was a slim, well dressed man, wearing his hair parted exactly in the iniddile, and a diamond pin in the sailor knot of his tie. He had his frock coat open and his thumbs in the arm holes of his waist coat. The attitude denoted complacency. and the man was complacent. "Well, the funnypart of it is," heows saying lightly, his shoulders pressed against the mantelpiece, "that I am din ing at the Burton Smiths' this evening." "Ahl' his companion answered, look ing up at him with eyes of envy. "And so you will see her." "Of course. She is to come to them today. But they do not Imow about our engagement yet, and, as she does not want to blurt it out the moment she ar rives, why, for this evening it will be a secret. Still, I thoughtI would tell you." He stepped away as he spoke to straighten a red morocco covered dis patch box standing on the table behind him. It bore, besides the flaunting gilt, capitals, "L 0.," a modest plate with the name "Ernest Wibberley" --lis name. The other waited until lihe resumed his place. Then he answered, holding out his hand: "Yes, I.amun glad you told me, old boy, and I congratulate you most heartily, believe me." "Thank you, Jack," Wibberley re ,plied. "I knew you would. "I rather feel myself that 'Fate cannot harm me. -Ihave dined today;' " "Happy dog!" said Jack, and present ly disappeared. The Burton Smiths, whom we heard them mention, are tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith himself is a barrister, with money and niany rela tions-Irish landlords, Scotch members, Indian judges and the like. His wife is young, gracious and fond of society. Their drawing rooms on the topmost flat of Onslow mansions-rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint'nooks and corners-are seldom empty during the regulation hours. This particular dinner party had been planned with some .care. "Lady.Lin acre will come no -doubt,'' Mrs. Burton Smith had said one day at breakfast, conning a list she held in herhand,. "and Mr. May." But Burton 'Smith - objected -to May. "He will talk about nothing but India,". he protested, "and' the superiority of Calcutta over London. A little of these Bombay ducks goes a long uway. miy dear." "Well, James," Mrs. Burton- Smith replied placidly,.the Hon. Vereker May is a: Son of Lord Hautliorn: He will take me in and Ido not .mind. Only l must have Mr. Wibberley on .the. other. side to make conversation and keep me. alive. Let me see-that willb 'thieb.'. And Joanna Burton-she comes that aft ern oon-four. Do .you know,. James, when`. we -,ere at Telple Rothley. for, Christmas I thought- there was some= thi5.1 tweenryoar cousin and Mr lWib berley ?. "Then for goodness' sake do not let them sit togetheil"rBurton Smith cried,' "or they will tli to one another and to no one else." "Very well," Mrs. Smith asserted. "They shall sit opposite.to one another, and Mr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galantine. She will be sure toflirt with him, and we can watch Joanna's face. \- I shall soon see if there is anything be tween them."- , Mr. Wibberley was a young man of some importance, if only in his capacity of private secretary to a minister. He had 1,000 acquaintances, and certainly two friends-perhaps three. He might be something some day-was bound to be. He dressed well, looked well and talked well. He was a little presumptu ous, perhaps oven a trifle conceited; but women like these things in young men, and he had infinite tact. At any rate he had never yet found himself in a place too straight for him. This evening as he dressed for dinner, as he brushed his hair vigorously or paused to smile at some reflection-his own, bhut not in the glass-he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well with him. Hohad no pre sentiment of evil. He was going to a house where he was appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, some one else. Happy man! "LadyLinacre," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personage with Swhite hair, a double chin, and diamends. W?ibberley bowed, making up his mind that the dowager was one of those ladies with strong prejudices, who draw their skirts together if you prove a home ruler and leave the room if you mention Sir. Charles Dilke. "Mr. May you have met before," IMrs. Smith continued, "and you know Miss Burton, I thinkl" He murmured assent, while she-Joan na-shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile per haps. He played his part wh!, too, for \-- amoment, but halted in his sentence as itlashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said "Yes." He recovered from his moment ary embarrassment, however, before -even Mrs. Burton Smith could note it, and promptly offered Mrs. Galantine his aria. She was an old friend of his, as friends . go in society. He had taken her in to dinner-that is, half a dozen times. "'Who is that girl-" she asked, when they were seated; and she raised her glasses :'andi stared through them at hler vis-a-vie. "I declare she would be pretty if her Snose were not so short." ; He seized the excuse to put up his 'glass, too, and take a loolk. "It is rather short," he admitted, gazing with a whiim sical sense of property at the defisienl organ. "But' some people like short ,noses, you know, Mrs. Galantine." ..: "Ahl! And theatres in Augustl'" she :re~ied incredulously. "And drawing room gamest- And conundrumsl--Bnut seriously, she would be pretty if it were not for that." "Would she?" he questioned gravely. "Well, I think she would, do you know?" And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, and her nose too small, :md her lips too full For her eyes were bright and her com plenion perfect, and her face told of wit, and good temper, and freshness. Shle had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of 19. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the armnus-not out of modesty, but because her own did not form one of her strong points. W'ilberley, however, was think ing of thei,. and whether a, certain bracelet he had by him would fit them. He saw Joanna wore. a bracelet-a sketchy gold thing. He wondered wheth er lje should -beg it for a ,pattern or whether it might not be more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galhmtine returned to the chiarge. "She is a cousin, is she not.: she said, speaking so loudly that Joanna looked across and smiled. "I have nrio e met her. Tell me all about her." Tell her all about her! Wibberle3 gasped. He saw a difficulty in telling her "all about her," the more as the 'gn eral conversation at the moment was not brisk and Joanna could hear ever ?vord. F?i an instant indeed his presenci 'o, mind failed him, and lihe cast an appaliled glance round the t-able. But thei he bent to his task. "_Mrs. Galantine, ' he murmured sweetly, confidentially, "pray \- pray beware of becoming a potatol" Hoe mnurnmurad assclt; t;while shc-JOalla I 1 -s hook lands with him frankli). Thoe lady dropped her knife and fork with a'clatter. :"Howhorridl A,:pota to, :Mr. Wibberley? What do you mein?" "What I say," he -aisciered si?ply. ,"You see my plate? It is a picture,' Mrs: Galartine. You have there :the manly beef and the feminine peas, so, -oung, so tender! And the potato! The potato is the confidant. It is insipid Do yon not agree with me?"' "Bravo, ~r. Wibberley! -But-am I to apply yourlparallle? ?,je ilc Ik siuarply, glancing. across the tableo -withher fork uplifted and a pea upon it. "Am I to bel the potato?" "The choice is with you," he replied; gallantly.. "Shall it be the potato orthe peas?' Mrs..Burton Smith, a&eing; ~lidl so ab-. sorled in -his companion, graewpuzzle&d; Look as often as she might at Joaina. 'sue s iw siOslgn or-- ealons y or selr-con sciousness in the girl's face. Joanna -seemed, to be -getting on perfectly with her partner; to be enjoying herself to the full, and to be as much intercsted as any one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith sighed, if the truth be known. She had the instinct of match making. And she saw clearly now that there was nothing between the two; that if there had been any philandering at Temple Rothley neither of the young people had put out a hand-or a heart-beyond recovery. But this success of Wibberley's with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew just a trifle presumptuous. By ill luck, too, the Heon. Vereker May had reached that period of the evening when India as seen through the glasses of his mem ory-was accustomed to put on the rosiest tints, and the two, facing one another, fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at alL. They were, therefore, about on a par as to information, and what the younger mann lacked of obstinacy he made up by readiness. It was in vain that nabob blustered, asserted, contradicted-finally grew sulky, silent, stertorious. Wib berley pushed his little triunmph, and soon, as we shall see, paid dearly for it. It happened that he was the last to enter the drawing .room. The evening was chilly. The ladies had grouped themselves about the fire, protected from assault, so to spelak, by as couple of gypsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The in comers, one by one, passed through these outworks-all but Wibberley. He cast a glance of comic despair at Joanna, who was by the fireplace in the heart of the citidel; and then, resigning himself to separation, he took a low chair by one of the tables, and began indolently to turn over the books which lay on the latter. There were but half a dozen. Ho scanned them all, and then his eyes fell on a bracelet lying by thlm on the olive green plush-a sketchy gold brace let with one big boss-Joanna's. He looked up at the party-himself sitting a little aside, as we have said with a stealthy glance. There were none of them facing his way. They were dis cussing a photograph on the over mantel, a photograph of children by Mend:els sohu. He stretched his hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pattern and to-morrow Joanna should ransom it. He tried, as his fingers closed on it, to catch her eye. He would have liked to seo her face change and her color rise. It would have added to the faint charm he felt in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if she had been privy to it, yet unable to prevent it. But she would not look, and he w-n, obliged to be content with his plunder. He slid the gold trifle deftly under the table and clasped it round his arm-no: a very lusty one-thrusting it as high as •it-would go; that no movement-of hior - shirt cuff might disclose it. He had a keen sense of: the ridiculous, and would not for all the world that any one besides Joanna should know of tl:- act--t::at doddering old fossil May, for i:i - who, however, was safe enough. :.;.tla: on the rng with his back turned, anullt slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then-or within a few minutes at any rate--Wibberley began to find the party dull. He saw small chance of a private word with Joanna. Lady Linacre, his. nearest neighbor, was prosing on to Mrs. Burton Smith, his next nearest.. And he himself, after shining at dinner, had fallen into thlebackgrould. Hangit! he would go! It was 10 o'clock. He rose and was stooping across the table, murmuring his excuses to Mrs. Burton Smith, when Lady Linacro ut tered hn exclamation. He was leaning across her; between her head and the lamp at the moment, and lie fancied he hadltouclhd her headdross. "Pray par don me, Lady Linacre!" he cried gayly. "I mn just going--I have to leave ?acrly \--sotho encroachmentwill be but for a "It isanot that,'' the old lady- replied. "'But wlerbils I?by ht-acelpt?" She was feeling abdout tlio table-its she dpoke, shiftinig anitis her avhite, iodgt;hands the half idozen sih1Aes thiatlay d'it. No one. onh the instant. however; took in thei?situtioi.. Msrs. b?rton Smith had riseei anil'hd is listening to Wibberley. The others wero talkinig. ButLady Lin acre was used to attention, and when she spoke again her voice was shrill anid al .most indecently loud. "Wliere is my bracelet?" she repeated. "Tho'ono with the Agra diamond that I was showing you, Mrs. Burton Smith? It was hero a moment ago and it is gonol It is gone!". Wibberley was still speaking to .lis. hostess. ie heard the old lady's words,: but did not clearly apply them. Heo fin ished his leave taking almost at his leis ure, and only. as he turned recollected himself, and said, with polite solicitude: "What is it, Lady Linacre?- Have you dropped something? Can I find it for, you?" He stooped as Ihe spoke, and she drew her skirt aside, and both peered at the floor, while there was quite a"chorus! from those sitting nearest of: "What is it, Lisdy Lincre? Dear Lady Liilhcre, what have you lost?' " My:A?a? diamond!" she replied fuss ilyer heheadq quivering, her fingers grop ing about.her dress.. -"No?" some 'one said .in surprise. "Why; it a-wts heroe a: moment sago: ;I saw it i' your hand." The .old lady held 'out hier'w.'riss. "See'" she' said feebly,'"I haive nt got: "Burt sire on'sdire it is not in your lap-? suggested Burton rSmith. Lady. Linacrui hadiratlher: ai amiple lap. Bj;y !this:timo tliohe atteritibo of the whole party had =been-rdrtaf to:;the -loss nind onbe ''riti df -thli 'most prudeiit' were looking slightly uncomfortable: .'No," she. answered; :,'I.an qumte suro that I placed:it oni the table h by :u side. I em sure? I saW:it there.I. Wal going to put it:on:when s the gentlemen camne in.m and : I. liid it down just i for:a- miiinut, •and "it:is'go no!" :i: .. :: : -· ShIte' ws:: ae iiieble.ar aboutd.it; i and lookled 'hiildl??t Wililibrley 'for cnifir them. She thought hIe must have seen, it lying there;-Mrs. Burton Smith beigi the only Ireson ,lose to thel'tble. Burton Sinitli; saw that loolae "I say Wibberley," he said, appealing to hi?i;m, half in fun, half-in earnest, "you have not hidden it for a'joke, old 'felloew, have you?" ,,I? Certniniy not. ;_" "lV'zat is it, Ladyii Lijiucrc? {Ia Ix you drIo))Cped sonzcthinyg" To this day Ernest Wibberley wonders when he first made the di.sagreeable dis covery of what he had done-thathehad taken the wrong bracelet! It was not early. It was not until the aggrieved owner had twice proclaimned her loss that he felt himsnelf redden, and awoke to the consciousnes tha:t tho bracelet was on his own arm. Even then, if he had had instant presence of mind, he might have extricated himself. Ho might have said at once, "By Jove! I think .1 sliplpedit on my wrist in pure absence of mind," or made some other excuse for his pos session of it which would have passed muster, though one or two right have thought him odd., -But time was every thing, such excuses' to avail must be nmado at once,- and he hesitated. He hated to seem odd, even to one or two, and he thought that presently he might find some chalnce of restoring the brace let without being detected. So he hesi tated,.peering at .the carpet, and the golden opportunity passed him by. Then each moment made the avowal more dif ficult and less possible, until, when his host appealed to him, "If you have hid den it for a joke. old fellow, out with it," he had no choice-- orit seemed to his uneasy conscience that he had no choice -but to answer as he did. He looked up indeed with admirably acted surprise and said his "I? Certainly not!" somewhat peremptorily. Half a dozen of the guests were peer ing stupidly about, as if they expected to fird the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed these explorations \- "Wait a moment!" she cried-? abruptl:y,--. raising.her head. "I have it!" _ "Well'?" eagerly from several. "John must have moved it when he brought in the tea. That must beo it., Ring the bell, .Tames, and we will ask him." So it was done. John camein and the question was put to him.. "Yes, sir," he said readily. "I saw a bracelet. On this table; by the lamp." He indicated the table near Lady Lin. acre. "Did you move it?' "Move it, sir?" the man repeatqd, sun prised- by the question, the silence, and the'strained faces turned to him. "No. sir; certainly not. I only saw it whenl1. was handing the tea to-to Mr. Wibber ley, I think it was." "Ah, very well," his master answered. "That is all. You may go." It was not possible indeed to doubt the man's face nd:mr minper. But when he had left the room an uncomfortablo silence ensued. "It is very, strange." Burton Smith said at last, looking from one td another, and then, for the twen tieth time, groping under the table. "It is very strange," W'ibberley mur mured.. Ie. felt bound..to .sy. somde thing.' Hei'onld not free hinsslf from an idea thait'thi others and particnlirly the Indian civili:m were.casting ispecial. looli'' it' hiri. He' ippeared calm enough, but he .could. not be sure of this. He felt rathler as if hle weritach' instant changing color- 'ud betraying himself to every eye. .-His very voice sounded forced to liis'tar as he reaeuted fussily: '"It is very odd--very odd! Where can'it be?" : "It : cost,"': Lady ý; Linacro .quaiered, irrelevantly, but by nio means inperti nently,f'it .cost.14,000 out there. - In deed it did. And that was before itwas' .A hh au s ofa awe fellupon the room. '"Fourteen "thouisanid poi nds,r Burton Smith said softly; his hair rising on end. "No, no," said the. old .ady,, wvhoid inot intended this mysti'fication "Not :";,?'I> und'-sttiid,ri hecrepiied, rubbing his head. l "Bntthat is a good stmm." "It is over £1,000," the Indian civilian put in;'stoiil3?"'ab "the present rate:iof :echange:'t):!R?% i.; !i. T, '' -U "But,, good-,gracious, James!". Mrs. Burton Sinitli 'said impatiently, "why are you valuiig. Lady Linacr e's jeelry instead of fiinding it for her? TIo ques tion'is; 'Whiere is it? '.It must be hero. It was on this table' fifteen minutes ago. It canitot hiav beeln spirited cas'a" ' '' 'iIf 'any one," her husband' began se rirosly "is? doing this for a j1ke; I do oe j"dia iOi."'the hostess ?cried sharp ly? "Impossibile!" , , "I say, soy dear," he persisted, "if any one is doing-this for a joke I hope lihe will oiwan ip.! ;It seems to me that it lhas been' carried far enough." . "': -Therewwas a chorus of assent, half. in dignant, half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joke. ,io oneproduced the' Well,. 1 never!"'Mrs. J3urton Smith ex'climedj Fýd ads the cmpany lbooked ,atoneanother it seemed as if they also ihadci vr known anythin"g, qite so ex traordlii'iyr' s this.' ` :: "" ' "' 'Y "Really; Lidy Linicro, I tlink that it unidst-be somewhere about yo," said thel hostat i'at.- Would-you: mind giving y"oirscra,'- oa'atsalee" -. " She roseo: and. was solenmly-preparing. to agitate her skirts when is guest inter fored. It v-rias the Hon. 1ercrr!r Mna! "Yon need not tiouble yourself, iLady Linacre," lie' sid, with ta' curious dry ness. He was still:stranding b ,the fire place. "It is not about y?ou." : *'Then whero. in the world: is it;" re torted Mrs. Galantine. "Do. you know?'. "If.you do, for goodness sake speiltk out," Mrs. Burton' .Smitli added indig nantly, whlile eCery' one oturnedi-'nd' stared at the civilian. ": '' "Yon halil better: h said, ""ask Mr. Wibberle";' : , . .. That was all: But' something; in bhis -tone produced, an clectrical effect on evcry one. Joann :.min her corner-re mote, like thl Indian,- from the center of: the disturbanco,-turned red andpiale and flashed angry ghiinces round lier.' For the rest, they wished themselves away.. It was impossible to misunderstand the insinuation. .The words, simple as they were, had in a moment put agraver coin plexion on the matter. Even Mrs. Bur ton Smithl was silenced, looking to her husbahnd. He looked -furtively at Wib borlev. . ": And Wibberley?c . Up to this momenit lie had merely thought himself in an un pleusant fix, from which he must escape as best lie could, at the exliense of a little 'embarrassment, a slight :loss of self re spect. Even the latter lihe-might regain to-morrow, if he saw fit, by telling the truth to Mrs. Burton Smith, and in time the whole thing would become a subject of laughter, a stock dinner anecdote. But now*-iiow at the first sound of ihe Indi.an's voice, he recognized.hisi danger:, and saw clearly in the hundredth part.of' a second tlhat ruin, social daunation, per Ihaps worse, threatened hinm. His pres ence of mind seemed-to fail him suddenly at sight, of the pit opening at hIis feet. IHefelt himself reeling, choking, hIis heaih surcharged with blood. The ioom, tlhe expectant faces all turned to him, all Withl that strango expression on them.. swam round before him. Iet had- to lay. his hand on a clhair to steady himself. - SBut hlie did steady himself, so fsr tlit those who marked his iagitation did not know whether it proceeded from anger or fear. IIte drew himself ui and looked straight at his accuser, holding the chair suspended in his hands. "What do you meanS" hlie said hoarsely. "I shlouldnot ihavo spoken," the ciiilian continued, retnrning his gaze and speak ing in cool, measiured acceiits, "if Bur ton Smith had not twice appealed to us, if any joke was bsiag 'played, to confess to it." - ."Well?" "Well, only this," the old gentleman replied; "that I saw you- yourself take Lady Linacre's bracelet from that table a few moments beforeit -was missed, Mr. WVibberley." "You saw me?" cried Wibberlcy. This time there was the ring of honest deli ance, of indi~lumt innocence, in his tone. 