, TURF JOTTINGS. Carbine's full sister. Lady Mersoy, diod a few days ago at Taranaki, .New Zealand. Sir. W. E. Hull's colt Delawore, by Trenton from Gonosta.is being treated to a ?poll.1 ????:.'. The Now . Zealand racehorses Marion, Quadrant, Stranger and The Colouol, are ex pected to pay Syduoy a visit. Tho two colts, by Guinea— Morccau and by Sunrise— Dorothy, havo beon named Beady Mouoy and Ganmain respoolively. Mr. I. Earnshav? has purchased through Mr. T. S. Clibborn, the five-year-old Sedgemore, by Monmouth. The price was 75 guineas. ! Mr. W. Sayer, of Jlolbourno, has named the Marvellous— Gortrudo colt, purehasod at the last Bandwiok autumn sales, Miraculeux. Mr. S. C. Burt died last week. He belonged to the old school of sportsmen, aud held the position of honorary seoretary to the A.J.C. A totalisator dividend of £75 10s was paid at Adelaido races on Saturday, eaoh investor on Bravo in the Welter Handicap receiving that amount. Narellan, one of tbo colts sent to England by tho late Mr. Jauios White to oompete in the English Derby, is now being used as a form Btallion at a fee of one guinea a mure. The HawkeRbury County Purse and Grand Handicap weights are out. As the acceptances are to bo declared on the 30th, this will give owners time to estimate the chanoea of their horses. W. Delanoy, the rider of Mulgrovo in the Flying Handicap at Warwick Farm on Satur day, was fined .£10 by the starter, and Mr. Oxenham was mulct in £2 for putting up wrong colors in the race. Sylvia, the celebrated Now Zealand mare, cow in her 28th year, having proved barren, will not bo served again, but permitted to end hor days in peace at Wellington Park. Tho old mare has earned her right to be pensioned off. The Turonville Btudmnster, Mr. T. Cook, has within the past month lost no fewer than eight thoroughbred yearlings. The cause of death was strangles, which appear to be very (erera just now in the Northern district. During the racing season just ended no less a sum than .£07,191 wont through tho totali Bator at meetings of tho Auckland Racing Club, as agaiunt .£50,508 for the provious twelve months. The club gave away .£9785 in added money. v In. connection with the Caulfield Grand National races, the following wore the amounts of tho stakes won:— S. Miller, jS790 ; J. H. Davis, i'400 : G. G. Watson, £200 ; W. E. Wilson, .£150 ; S. M. Wilson, £125; D. O'Brien, £100 ; W. Bailey, £75; W. T. Jones, £25; E. Twomey, £25; J. Wilson, Jan., £10. Total, £1900. A keen judge of horses and horse-racing (says 'Trumpator') lately returned from Sydney, speaks iu glowing terms of Autonomy, whom ho says has lot down and now looks the model of a Derby horse. He saw a deal of Work in Sydney, and thinks highly of the two year-elds, a oolt by Trident— Nellie bein-» particularly good-looking.' The New Zealand Grand National Steeple chase was won by Ahua laat Thursday, oarry ing list 91b, Norton , list 41b, being second, and Hafrpio, lOst, third. The prize money was £00 sovs and tho distance about three miles and a half. Last season Ahua won Canterbury Maiden Steeplechase with 12at 31b, Christ ohuroh Open Handicap Steeplechase 12st 71b, and North Canterbury Cup, li milo, carrying Sat. Tho Melbourne Aroub oays:— 'Tho Vic toria Racing Club committed has requested tho Moonee Valley Racing Club authorities to Forward the ovideuce taken in connection with tho Leffaoy- Minnie-Bronzeivinjr ease. Legacy ? )von tho Cobnrg Handicap of 14.1 bands ponies it Moonee Valley on July 27, Minnie being, it Is alleged, interfered with in the raoo by Bronzewing, who was running in the same Interest as Legacy. Tho stewards held a lengthy inquiry into the matter, and by a very barrow majority, it ia understood, decided that tho judge's verdict should not be dis turbed. The owner of Minnio gave notice of appeal to the V.R.C., but noappeal was lodged within the stipulated three days, and it would Bow appear that tho V.R.C. committoe has determined to fully investigate tho matter.' Advices from Now Zealand stato that the thief feature of tho betting on tho Now Zea land Cup has been tho support accorded to Olanranald, tho weight of stablo money having Bent the eon of St. Legor up to 100 to B. CraokBhot has also boen supported, 300 to 18 boing taken in one hand. The following prioos have beon laid : — 100 to 10 v North Atlantic 100 to 9 Prime Wardon, 100 to 8 Clanranald, 100 to 0 each Stepnink, Captive, Merrio England, and Cracksbot. For the double, Melbourne and Now Zealand Cups, 1000 to 8 ia laid on tho field, and that price has been taken about Malvolio and North Atlantic The Caulfield Grand National Meeting at traotod a good attendance on Saturday. In the Hurdle Race there was a field of a dozen. On Friday night Tim Swiveller's owner managed, after great difficulty, to secure £500 to £100 about Mb horse, and he started a warm favorite at 5 to 2. Islander, Buttons and Firo King wero tho most baoked of the others. The race was a fine ono up to tho turn, where it was anybody's raco. Tim Bwiveller, however, was first into the straight, Wd coming away from the others, he won by twolvo lengths from Havilah. Tho winner is owned by Mr. Geo. Davis, the Minister for pefenoo, and tho viotory was very popular. Tho Grand National Stoeplochaso, run over fou'r miloB of country, was ono of tho grandest Bpcotacles over Been on a racecourse. Tho horses jumped faultlessly for three miles, ?when Cohuna and Blair Alhol fell at succos aivo jumps, and Whitoman stopped. Kedleap started a warm favorito at 0 to 4, aud in tho raco was novor far from tho front. Halfa mile from homo Boulevard took command, and his viotory was loudly proclaimed, but half way up tho straight Bedleap passed him and eventually won easily by four lengths. Cheer aftor cbeor grooted horso and rider; hats went up in the air, and staid und rospeotablo old gentleman and fashionablo ladies danced about iu delight. Tho books wore vory hard hit by tho viotory of tho favorito double. Kedloap is undoubtedly tho croatest atoeplo Ohaaor Australia, has neon. Brlglifclight, who was hurt in tlio ICogohill Welter Handicap, has boon destroyod. Tho ntooplcohanor Ghost, by Oaldiill from a Snowdou maro, han gono into T. Luokoy's n tables at Parramatta. Tlio Queensland oroas-country horEO, Tho Loafor, while taking part in tho Stooploohtiso at Q.T.O. races foil, and mot with injurioa which brought about his death. Tlio annual mooting of tho mombors of tTio Victorian Club was hold at tho rooms, Bourko streot, Molbourno, last Wednesday ovoning, whon a Batisfaotory report and balanco- shcct woro presented, showing tho sum of £2730 on fixed doposit. Tho rotiring members of com mittoo, Messrs. John Buokloy and R. Craw ford, woro re-olooted. On Monday tho A.J.C. committoo hold an inquiry into tho recent running of Pippin at Kosohill and Moorofleld. Tho investigation was instituted at the request of tho trainer, W. Foulsham, and Mr. Blunt, tho owner of the horso, had also intimated his desiro for an inquiry. It was deoided that there was no cause for interference on tho part of the com mittee. Stromboli has apparently finished his racing oareor, and this well-performed and fashion ably - brod racehorse has beon entrusted to Mr. T. S. Clibborn for private Bale. The performances of tho son of Chester and Etna are too well known to need repetition, and it is to boi regretted that ho did not train ou long enough to tako part in tho Metro politan. A horae of his class should readily find a placo iu a good stud farm. Of tho £100 distributed at the Warwick Farm meeting ou Saturday, Mr. Kelso scoured £100 by the win of Southerly BuBter in tho Soiling Race ; Cardoness credited Mr. T. Lamond with £90; Kosnhill nurnod £70 for Mr. H. Dargin (ns) iu tho Hurdlo Race; Messrs. 11. Oxeuhain and R. Rouso received £G0 caoh for tho wins of Mulgrovo and Knoore in tho Flying Stakes and Pace Welter respectively ; and Mr. J. Kerr and I. Earn shaw had £10 each for places in the Hurdlo Race and August Handicap with Little Tommy and Gay time. Two days' raoing is to be held at Newcastle, on September 22 and 24, Mr. A. Farthing having framed an attruobive programme for tho oooasion. ? There iB a hurdle race to begin with on eaoh day, and five other events to follow, subsidised with prizes ranging from 30 to 70 sovs for each event. Ab thoro ia no race meeting on Saturday, September 24, tho second day of the meeting, no doubt Sydney visitors will turn up in force at Newoastle and pay the races a visit. Entries will be wanted on the 5th proximo. ' The following names have beon given : — Filly by Nautilus from Minna, Naughty Lass ; filly by Boolka from Peace, Palm; oolt by Preoioua Stone from Bird of Prey, Linnot ; oolt by Nowuiinster from Polioy , Aroher ; filly by Nicholas from Elizabeth Villiera, fiona; oh f by Grandmaster from First Love, Mia Cara; b f by Grandmaster from Red mid Black, Iduna ; br o by Trenton from Goiif.'it.i, Deleware; oh o by Goldsbrough from 'iu rangi, Claverton; brf by Goldsbrou^li m Melody, Soprano; o by Segenhoe from ?-- quito, Valkyrie; and' colt by Welcome Juck from Nclgourio, Waitara. Aremarkablo illustration of suit ablo nomen clature is to be found in the pedigree of Bel Gioruo, now trained at Warwick Farm. Bol Gionio is an Italian name, signifying a fine morning. Ho is by Sunriso. Oil the dam'a side of the house in Sunrise's pedigree aro some singularly appropriate names, viz., 'Sun- shine.' 'Nigbtlijtht,' ?'EuBhlight,''Toroh,' and ' Lamplighter,' whioh goes to show that considerable attention was paid to the christening of Borne of Bel Giorno's progeni tors. Tha feat of horsemanship performed last week at the Epsom races (Vic.) by D. Brewer is a remarkable 'one. He rode Cornet, who fell six or seven furlongs from homo, throwing him aomo distance. Brewer quickly picked himself up, remounted tho horse on tho off side, securing tho reins after tho horse was in motion, and rapidly overhauled the others. Tho reins were crossed, and tho stirrups bo came entangled and could not bo utilised. Brewer pressed on, aud, though the horse struck one of tho four remaining fences pretty heavily, tho ridor was not shifted, and getting up with the loaders at the turn Cornot eventually won by a length and a half. Tho horso and his rider received rounds of ap plause on returning to tho weighing enclosure. Messrs. W. Inglis and Son held their thirteenth annual sale of horse stock on Tues day and Wednesday last. The prinoipal lots disposed of are as under : — Thoroughbred Btallion Donovan, by Julian Avenal— Mr. J. Dawsou, 21 guineas ; trotting stallion, Brown Shales, by Flying Shales from a maro by Phanter — Mr. j. Malono, 150 guineas ; trotting Btallion, The Duke, by Vermont, Jun. (imp.) —Mr. W. E. Walmsley, 70 guineas ; coaching stallion, Young Lord Bacon, by Lord Bacon from Boss— Mr. J. Fitzgerald, 50 guineas ; coaching colt, by Lord John (imp.) from a Trump Card mare, 3yrs — Mr. J. Lawpon, 30 guinoas ; trotting Btallion, Sinister, eiro by Dextor— Mr. H. Kenny, 30 guineas ; coaching colt, by Lord John from Bonny, 3yrs— Mr. E. Campbell, 40 guinoas ; coaching colt Jupiter, by Master John (by Lord John, imp.) from a Trump Card maro— Mr. J. Keenan, 53J guineas ; roadster colt, by Cock Robin — Mr. R. Campbell, 40 guineas ; coaching colt, by Lord John (imp.) from DucheEs, 1 year 8 months— Mr* R. Campbell, 13 guineas ; draught colt, Pride of Maldon, by Pride of Picton, 8yrg — Mr. J. Lawson, 23 guineas. On tho New Zealand turf there appear to bo occasional unsavory doings, judging by the romarks mado by Major George at a meeting recently. This gentleman is reported to have delivered himsolf as follows :— ' The chair man had referred to the good management of the committoe during the year, but as a matter of fact somo woro thinking of never racing again under tho present management, for honest men oould hardly take part in any meeting now. He referred to three notorious oases which had occurred during the year which the committeo had passed over, one of these bning tho grossest case he ever heard of. In one case, whore a horso had gone out with its proper weight and come in with a change, the stowaras had whitewashed the owner and trainer of tlio horse, aud disre garded the statement of the clerk of the scales. Major George (said he did not feel at all disposed to raco under such management as the past. If they did not protect straight men, who provided tho sport, by punishing thoso who ran crooked, racing would soon becomo a sport suited only to low black guards.' Resolutions wero then carried declaring that racing and the uso of the totalisator woro excessive in the district. The number of yearlings Mr. Morrin, of Wellington Park (N.Z.), has this year in his hands is 29, 14 being colts and 15 iillios, and (says tho Canterbury Times) thoy are a very ovon- mado lot. Strathmoro'a sistor, a boautiful brown by Nordenfoldt, from Ouida, is growing tho right way, and will, I fancy, develop into a bigger mare than her sister (Moth), for whom Mr. Wilson gave 600gs at tho last sale. Craokshot'a sister, by Nordonfeldt, from Pungawerewore, is also a nico brown, showing plenty of aizo. I in cline to tlio opinion that she is tho best filly hor dam has thrown. Stepniak's sister, by Nordenfeldt from Stoppo, is something aftor tho cut of Mr. Stead's colt, but like nearly all Stoppo's later foals, aho is on tlio email side. Amongst tho colts the imported Castor is atrougly represented, and itmuBtbo admitted, go far'as their looks are concerned, tho Zealot horse has acquitted himself really well. Two bay oolts, respectively, from tbo Musket mares Balista (full sister to Artillery) and Bangle (full Bister to Nordenfeldt) aro ex tremely promising; thoy show plenty of size and substance, and are equipped with Bplen did legs. Another colt that took my fanoy was a roan Bon of Castor, from tho Musket maro Vivandiero, dam of Son of a Gun and The Dancer. He is a fine upstanding fellow, showing heaps of quality, and though bis color is against him, I fancy he will prove to be a racehorso. Tho colt by Hotubkiss, from Onyx, dam of Nordonfeldt, is ono of tho low lengthy sort, and takes somewhat after tbo V E.G. Derby winnor at the samo age, but tho best ono that Hotchkiss has Bired amongst tho present lot is, I think, to bo found in a brown filly from tho Robinson Crusoe maro Radiant, full sister to Quadrant. The youngstor is wonderfully well grown for her atro, and shows great power all over. Tlio absence of tho Nordeufoldt-Frailty colt, which you will remembor died a few daya aftor foaling, from the catalogno, may havo tho effect of keeping Australian buyora away, but Mr. jforrin has, uovortholons, a nice collodion in his hands, and the young Castor' atook look bo promising that thoy are likely to bo eagerly nought after. ? St. Albano and Malvolio woro baoked at Tattorsall'a Club on Monday, tho fonnor to win nbout £1500 at 100 to 5. Tho hearing of II. Moran's appeal against his disqualification by tho Moorofiold Club has boon postponed till next mooting of tho A.J.C. Committoe. Mr. N. R. D. Bond, late soorotary of tho V.A.T.C. who has boon laid up for Bomo timo in a privato hospital in Molbourno, in in a vory Berious atato of hoalth. Titan has beon introduced into tho hotting for tbo Canlfiold Cup, and on Monday was baokod for £3000 at 100 to 5. Mr. Wallaco'a gelding ia now quoted at 100 to G. Tho A.J.C. committoo havo deoidod to bring in a now rulo with rogard to nominations, providing that the namos of horso owners shall bo gi von at tho timo of ontry , as is tho Bystom in Victoria. Tho firBt forfeit for tho A.J.C. Second Bionnial Stakes was declared on Monday, nnd out of the original 78 only 19 remain. The acceptors inoludo Autonomy, Camoola, Ulrio, Arquebus, Dan O'Connor, Attalus, Mascara, Donation and Triesto. TattorBall's Club mooting was well sup ported with entries on Monday, tho fivo ovonts attracting a total of 172 nominations, of whioh tho Hnrdle Ra«o was responsible for 33, Tramway Handicap 44,, Sailing Raoo 10, Two-year-old Stakes' 27 and Spring Handicap 58. Tho trotting stallion Messenger in ndver tised to stand this season at Richmond. This horso is by Childo Harold (imp.) from Tho Gipsy, by Jack, by New Warrior. Mr. A. Eather has fixed the feo at 5 guinoas, which should meet the views of owners of trotting mares. Mr. T. S. Clibborn announces for .private sale a number of high-olass thoroughbred sires. In addition to Stromboli, there aro Retort, Matador, Bowrnont, Fitzwilliam, Weeping Willow and Abo Lincoln. All these horsos are highly bred, and should bo readily saleable at fair prices. The general entries for the A.J.C. Spring Meoting on Monday must bo considorod ns very satisfactory. Tho nominations for tho 19 eveuts totalled G97 as against 727 last year, or a falling off of 30. The lists for tho various events closed as undor : — Hurdle Raco 29, Trial Stakes 35, Spring Stakes 22, Kensington Handicap 57, Shorts 46, Grand Stand Plato 20, Spring Maiden Stakes 23, Squatters' Handi cap 04, Second Hurdle Race 34, Craven Plate 17, Snburban Handicap 62, Wycombo Stakes 32, Sydney Handicap'44, Selling Plate 28, Members' Handicap 43, Steeplechase 27, Waverley Handicap 33, Randwick Plato 18 and Final Handicap 58. The first forfeits for the Epsom Handicap reduced the list left in to 51, those scratched being ; — Bungebah, Stromboli, Donizetti, Oxide, Autonomy, St. Blaise, Penance, Quad runt, Candour, The General, Affiance, Argos, Attains, Vespasia, Danton, Rebel, Chatham, Denman, Isaac, Wandsworth, Scintilla, Er minie, Bradley, Lady Lovel, Silver Knight, Dutch Hoe, Warwick, Meteorite, Blue Blood, Crusoe, Lady Mildred, Winton, and Amber Queen. The withdrawals from the Metro politan wore not nearly so numerous, and con sisted of Stromboli, Donizetti, Talkative, Argos, Insignia, Wandsworth, Honor Bright, Lancer, Bradloy, Cannon, Silver Knight, Meteorite and Everistas, 53 having oried content. Tho following were present at an informal meet of tho Sydney Hunt Club last Saturday, at Homebueh :— The Master (Mr. W. Cope) on Waverloy, Messrs. T. Mullins ou Tudor, J. H. Galbraith on Bantam, M; Ford on Wrangler, H. Francis on Peter Simple, H. W. Rogers on Infidel, L. Rolin on Barb, K. Price on Joe, Erio Terry on Emperor, Muddle on a oay, juinani on oacan, ijuouey inunt3 man) on Good-bye, Fitzgerald (whip) on Snake, and a number of others. Messrs. M. Ford and T. Mullins laid adrag acrosacountry to tho Parramatta River. The hounds showed evidence of good working form. Thoy will be out for exercise again on Saturday next, the trysting-place to be Parramatta railway station, at 2.30 p.m. Tho Campbelltown meeting advertised to come off yesterday lapsod for want of auffi cient encouragement in tho way of nomina tions. With so many fixtures closer to town to engage the attention of pony-owners, Camp belltowu did not receive the exneoted atten tion, and Mr. Hughes advised bis committee to lot tho meeting lapso for the present. Another programme has been prepared for September 6. The Associated Pony Club's meeting this week will be at Warwick Farm. The list of nominations show a slight falling off from the full lists recently supplied on entry days. Mr. Georgo Rowo received 85 entries last Friday, of which tho Flying Handicap was responsible for 19, Tiny Handicap 11, Farm Handicap 16, Pony Handicap 18, and Galloway Handicap 21. Mr. Wilson's adjustments aro published in the usual column, and there Beoms no reason why an interesting day's rading should sot await those who intend to pay the picturesque locality a visit tomor row. Mr. Harry Taylor will hold a levee to-day in the interest of tho Lillio Bridgo pony races, to come off on next Monday and the following Wednesday night. Owners of little 'tins up to 13.3 may interview the attentive and obliging gentleman named up to 4 o'clock, and no doubt a full list of entries will be totted.up by closing time. . The death of the Earl of Droghcda is a deep blow to the Irish turf, as to many friends in England. He was also a staunch patron of coursing, and, in fact, of everything relating to sport. The best horse he ever owned was Philammon, by Solon out of SatanoUa, who in 1881 won the Liverpool Cup, and the Esher Stakes at Sandown. Mr. George Kiss reports the salo of the raoing ponies Little Nell (13.2) to Mr. M'Mahon, for 56 gninoas ; and Sapphire (14.0) to Mr. W. Frost, for 18 guineas. Among the latest arrivals at Randwick is the famous mare Tridentine, who look* well. 