NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. Doll. Cold. Safes. Munro. Ghost. Cloods. Burglars, Bobberies, Explosions. Guopowdcr. Earthquake. Fihbustering. Is war coming ? Russia nnd ludia. Russia and China. Russians and Afghans. Russia and Gladstouc. Gladstone and war-clouds. Salisbury and annexation. Americans filibustering Cuba. Signalling to Mars 1 Are you there! $ Britain annexing tuoro of Central Afoea. Britain occupying a coaling station at Samoa. Hundreds of deaths daily from cholera In Russia. Cholora raging at Teheran, the capital ol Paris Anarchists active, and threatening revenge. The Adelaide wheat marketthU morning U steady. , Heavy sales nf Broken Hilts at Adclaldo to-day— 74s to 72s. Civil war still raging in Venezuela. Mb kenny cats iroitatod. Carncifit'a minors, near Pittsburgh, re ported to bo anxious to return to work. Mr Joseph Chamberlain's national pension scheme condemned by the High Court of W. J. liolloway engaged by Henry Irving to play tho Earl of Kent in King Lear a the Lyceum. , It is stated that tho Un5otjl«ta_will no oppose the rc-clccliou of Mr Gladstone for Midlothian. Tho capital of a province of Mexico des troyed by earthquake. Fifteen thousand persona homclou. Ten years' imprisonment awarded Messrs Rothschild's defaulting chief cashier, who cint>077.cd 1 .85.000. Mr Gladstone declines to "immediately" pledge bimacll to restore evicted tenants to their former holdings, Dynamite outrago In Ireland. A Con- 8orvr.ilvc hotclkcepcrbrva part of his building ilcstioyod. Nobody hurt. A brisk stock and share market a Ballarat this inoruing especially in Ego- tons and Hepburn estates. Further cholera riots by the Russian peasantry. A hospital destroyed ; the doctors Hying for their lives. Mr Shicls is going to bo again asked if he will causo tho roport of tho Public Serrica Committee to bo pnblished. Why all this secrecy when the members of tho Committee do not object t > S Two British regiments and a battery of «.iouniain artillery ordered from North-west India to Gilgit, on tho frontier ol Afghanistan, and close to tho Pamirs where Russia has rccoutly encroached. Messrs DaJgety and Co., informs ns that Messrs George Thompson's and Co., steam ship Thermopylae, arrived at Barbond, Natal, on Saturday last and was to sail en route for London on Sunday. All welL Mr Gotch, of Gordon and Uotch, has just imported nto Melbourne a pair of Egyptian mammies. They are " male and female," says the report. Tho office boy's mamma thinks this must be for building purposes. Mr J. K. Hardio, secretary to the Labor Party ia the House of Commons, appeared in Parliament without cither waistcoat or collar, but with a Republican emblem pinoed to his cap. Promptly called to order by the Spoaker, After tho orchestral conoert at the Tows Hall ou Saturday uftcrnoou. Fond tnoiber (with a sigh of satisfaction) : "Ah! that is music one can carry away with one?" Sharp four-year-old : " Is dat why oo, brought oose bag wiv oo, mamma!" A weil-kuown Broken Hill manager, who came down to Melbourne io time for the lost Flcmmgtcn races, had the pleasure of acciug three of his miners enjoying them selves like iords on tho lawn I They were got up regardless of expense, in good broad cloth and silk hats, and walked tho lawn with tho utmost complacency. " Ghost " said to bo walking Viotoria road, Auburn. Kulla-nnllas recommended. A Russian town destroyed by fire. Four teen persons barat to death. Thecommcncemcnt of tho week on 'Change was more than the usual overage. Mol bourno Trams wore largoiy dealt in, opening firm, but dccllniug on High Change- Silvsrtons were steady. Commercial Banx maintained Saturday's closing rates. Silver was not much dealt in, and all Broken Hill stocks receded.OoId companies bid moderate business at satisfactory prices. Is It a sign of returidug prosperity T Folly 200 out of the 500 depositors In the Land Credit' Bank havu so far failed to claim tho first dividend of Is Od in tho L, . made pay able iaBt Wednesday. , The Prahran shooting caso Was concluded at tho Court of General Sessions this morn ing. It was heard at the last sittings ot the Court, but the jury tbed disagreed. The prisoner, Andrew Prior, was acquitted. Hia Hooor recommended tho prisoner to give up. the use ot rovolvcra, and the accused said be simply kept tho weapon labia coffee stalL His Honor said tho police should keep a sharp look out on the prisoner, who was llicu discharged from custody, A euin of LG000 appears cn the Estimates for tho Parliamentary Stnndlog Committee an Railways. Ministers state, however, that they have no immediate intention of making the appointments, 'Imt will consider the matter when the Budget has beon disposed of. Gee up, Neddy! Cotton operatives of tancuhiro sopport the adoption of a -compulsory eight-boors system. Silver beat the record for lowest prlee on the Oth insL — 38 per ox In London. . Sir Charles Dilke keeping himself in evi- , dcnco. Wishes to neutralise Egypt .under European guarantee. Ia the Numurkati district tho prospcete as regards' all kinds of crops are excellent- Rocent frosts have killed pestia and parasites that have been prevalent in milder and more humid seasons. Ram is now falHog, 'His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetoun will to-night attend the benefit . performaucn at the Theatre Royal tendered to Mr J. F. Sheridan,' and on Wednesday evening both Lord and Lady Hopetouo will attend an entertainment by tho Lyrio Club o the Prabrau Town Hall In aid of the District Nursing 8ociety. On Thursday, at 2.30 p.m., Isidy Hope- |0un will attend a meeting for the advance- ment of plain needlework, to bo held io the Independent flail, Rurwll street. His Excellency will, on Friday afternoon, attend tho Mayor's luncheon at tho Towu Hall, in connection with tho Corporation Jublleo celebration, and in the evening Lord and Lady TTopctoun will attend the Mayor's ball. On Satnrday next his Excel lency and Lady Hopetoon will attend the National meeting at Caulfield. Mr George Godfrey, tho unsuccessful can didate for tho position of liquidator to the Real Estate Bank at tho meeting held in tho Athenmum last Wednesday has decided to test tha legality of tho chairman's ruling in refusing to allow shareholders who had not paid tho call of L2 5s in full to vote on the queitinn. Tho matter has been placed in counsel's hand and will be Drought before the Supreme Court in a few days. Row between Pastoraluts' Association and Railway department, Departmcut don't like owning up to a blunder. Things qoic-t at Broken Hill. .No newi, no development, but still oo peace. Frco Lending Library opens to-day. Six thousand books to choose from, How do the booksellers liko it! Micnael Davit sworn in as a member of the Imperial Parliament without opposition. Mr John Morley to be opposed at New- CAitle-on-Tyne by Mr Rabli, Liberal Unionist. Shortly beforo ono o'clock to- day a telegram was received at tho Brokoo Hill Company's Office, from tho Barrier, stating that all U safe there, ami that the situatiou is unchanged since Saturday. 