.?/? .Tales a»& ;§SK©teI&©» „ SPOKEN AT THE THRESHOLD. BEING THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF '??:.'??''?? ':? '^'^^^MIABLB'bLD'MANv'; .rj! ..???'?,'? '' ,y-V ?:'''??! dGontirvuei).::',': y- :U: ??: .?? -Wy^lmR' concession.;' n n ? ? ?;* r,'Af month or so after this, whilst' out reconnoitring with my troop, thV adyen : tore befell me which ended in.niy quit; ting the Federal servioe. ' ???-...?'. ?? ''??' m ? :s^' We wore approaching1/ the ' ': little ?vttlage of Whernside, where we thought there might be a patrol of the enemy, and we were moving very cautiously. Ihe ' -'? road from Wcoler'a Ferry, by ; whioh . Whernaide is approached from the north west, takes a rather sharp turn round the foot and to the west of a bold and heavily timbered hill, whioh is, however,' quite bare on its sutrmit, and on the rich alluvial flat to the aouth of this bluff the . village, is built. ... A quaint and ancient / looking village with a. large market square »n~d weather-stained houses whose tim bered gable ends faced the straggling street? whilst between the village/and; the :.' :^. hill^was a broad expanse of green com '?-^-n&R-;' : '';?/??:? ?':? ?- '' .' '??.?' '??..'?. -: : , 'As the troop moved round the base 1 .' '- '?' ' . —.£ - il.n l-ti 11 T ***i£l* anifniini 4-y*r\r\\*\a**tt ascended it, and, dismounting near the '['.? ?;.'-' sun.mit,: cautiously crept up; to the' cresT :,, ;?'?; .aa: the main body continued itB move..'; ' ment along the road. In silence we stole1 '; : : through the underwood until we oomman ded the reverse of the hill, the flat and the'.! village. On the green baneath'u's, ia '..:?? troop of rebel cavalry was at open files, ':: being put through the sword exercise by * ft non-commissioned offiuer who had all the bearing of a British drill sergeant; whilst in front of the treop, on a magni ficent chestnut .charger, was an officer ?whose uniform was an awful affair, some \- thing like that of a British' staff officer, i-v';, -..';' with stage brigand fixings added. He ; smoked a dainty little cigarette, and made a most liberal display of starched linen, and his slouch hat was tilted rakishly to ? one side, [whilst his butternut uniform ': . ?'was fairly loaded with frogs, and lace, and tassels. All this I observed through my field glaas, as I lay on the top of the ?.'?? : hill watching the rebels, .' 'The troop wa3 halted by sigaal, and ? one or two men being left to keep us in formed of tho enemy's mo\ements, Ire-. ^binad my fellows, and: with sabres; drawn ?\\- ;? anS' curbs loosened we moved round the, bstse' of . the hill, and as we came in eight. of'the rebels I gaye! the words— 'Front ':? ',' -form troop ,1' and as the last files moy.ed into line. - dharee !' ' ' ' : ; ' ?'The sound vof my voice fell like a .?.?,'^'.'Vihuiiderbbit'-i'bn'''tKe'' rebels j they were thoroughly surprised. However, their leader'-.iiid not for one moment seem to loae his self possession. ' Flinging hiif' cigarette away he drew his sword, and turning' towards his men : — ' Follow me, boys)' he shouted, and rode towards ub, his men crowding after him. ' We, however, had the start of them, and were at the charge, raoisg ; before they had fairly began to move. But though taken at a disadvantage, there was no hesitation or shrinking amongat these southern horsemen ; no, thoy roae to meet us like the chivalry of a nation of gentlemen, gathering form and impetus as they oame on with their dandy leader well in front on the chestnut. . ' Flushed with the pride., of an assured triumph, and mad with the blood thirst of battle, I, with sword-arm shortened^for the delivery of a death thrust, made for the rebel leader, all headless that he, standing in his stirrups, seemed about to deliver a out that must have finished me, but— — ^wolljihere's always a but in these cases. 11 A: deafening thunder of hoofs. , A vision of flushed faces^-of fiery nostrils and 'of tossing raanea — of gleams' of flash ing : sabres above clouds of .dark ..brown dust. ' A crash and; shock as the ranks collided, and savage yells ,. of defiance from many, maddenedthr'oatp, and then-r chaos and oblivion. ..:,?/.' ..;: , -???',:;,:? ,..]..- ... chapter iv., -,...,., ???:,,:.. i' Cold and;still on , tKe, sleeping.earth he lay with his face upturned to the star: lit skyj and the , pale jmoonlight; brought into ghastly relief- the rigid features of the dead ' rebel' captain. . : No sound broke the, horrid stillness, save ; the pain laden whining of some maimed charger, or tlie groan of a . dying trooper.' 'For' a few yards round; they lay thicjc, rider ?. and horse, in every form , of dietortion that the agon^ „ ,of , ... a violent death could 'assume/;'!','!; ^:;i '.]{[ vV.jiv ,: ?': '.' ;??..,. ??aide, by s\de together we lay-r-iracKed with, pain, parched with thirst, . stiff and sore in every limb,drinking in the horrors [ of the scene around me ; he, with out stretched, .arm and his hand closed in a death grip on his unstained sword, whilst his left hand still held a fragment of his bridle' 'rein. Soilless and unruffled, with his features Bet in an expression of ecorn ful calm, the lifeless clay before me had still the, proud bearing of the coiirtly soldier who had riddento his death, so gallantly, but a few short hours before, , ' Eaising myself slowly and with pain^ I gazed into my dead, enemy's .face. The hilt of my broken sabre ' projected, from the wound in his side. In the shook of contact we must both have been unhorsed together. ;: ? . ?. ,ii;. 'V. '. As I look 'at the dead man's face, a feeling of sickening horror, ' of dreadful fear — of doubt that takeB the. .form. of. hope comes over. 'me, 'and : my gaze be comes a strained stare, as I— resting pain fully on my hands peer, closely at him. And then all doubt ceases — with a yell o f :horror — 'My brother!' — I fall .back senseless.' : ''?;,,'',.''? ?;,'.' :',;, .?'?. }'??? :? rjr ? j 'How long I. remained unconscious I [do not know,- but when my '~ senses returned it ^w.aB still moonlight,' and T lay quite .motionless and endeavoured to collect my thoughts. :My dead brother lay beside me, ' my ' sabre still lodged in his breast, and I,' his; slayer, by his side was fully sensible of— yet, the first shock over,' did not feel— -the horror of the situation. And by-and-by, moving and 'cautiously feeling myself all over, I found that beyond shook - and bruises,' I was iunhurt ; and then—I examined my deacl'! brother. la the breast pocket of his , frock coat and in a sabre tasoHe that he carried—he was, ever a cdhsummate fop— I found numerous letters and; papers, from the perusal of which by the bright moonlight I learned that 'our father, had, been dead several years ; and that on the bleak patch of ; moorland adjacent to Selby on the Ouse, which : was all that remained , to my father! of the once broad lands of the Selby .Marvels, a rich vein 'of aoal 'had been discovered/' the revenue derived from the workings of which had been the means of restoring the family from the state of poverty in which. I had left it to something of its 'former wealth and importance. And my brother, the inheritor of the newly found wealth, had with the unquiet craze : for ; adventure which marks the . eccentric Englishman all the world over, taken service with the Confederates, when the war broke outi. ' And this was the and of it all; '' 'Bitterly, ayej too bitterly for words to oxpresB, 1 thought of what- might have been ; what might have been had I been a little more patient/ a little moreoontent to turn the smitten oheek again to the smiter. And visions of a home in Eng land, with its tranquil joy», its troops of laughing children, its solid comfort, and its .serene content, arosa before - me VisioDS of the circle of friends, good fellows, whose friendship would never have been tried, and whose insincerity would have remained for ever unknown, chased eaoh other through my brain as 1 lay on this foreign battle field by my dead brother's aide — despised and alien adventurers both of ui— the tools of a cause in which we had no interest, par ties to a quarrel in whioh we had no share..' ..? J \ ~- ??;. . . . / ? '.. ', 'The active selfishness of my character, however, soon .asserted itself, and the' necessity' for ~ devising means to Hecure my. own. safety and comfort drove out every consideration of a sentimental cha raoler. I ppaaossed 'myself of my bro ther's papers and letters, and of a large amount of coin that I found in his pursa, thinking out whilst doing so my plan, of action. . ; .?..?:..:??' :' vi-j'.l ;ir .;V. ~i..-. 'Evidently both parties to the recent skirmish' had been -carried away in hot pursuit and, flight for many 'miles from the scene of action, or we. the disabled had not been left go long untended. With which side the advantage lay, how ever, I could in no wise tell, nor to be candid did I very much care, my interest being how diverted into another channel. ' 'My brother Wd , died, in aotion a soldier's death. That he had met his death at my hands was ' niy '.misfortune uot my fault— -and ought not to be the cause of any exceptional grief to me. Thus t reasoned, as I stripped him of his valuables, making up my mind as I. did so, to return to England without delay, and assert my claim to the family pro ' perty, for. as far as 1 could learn from an examination of '.his papers, my brother had died unmarried and intestate, and consequently I was his heir, ;,.:. ' ' Having completed my task, and find ing myself able to rise, although with difficulty, I searched : amongst the dead until, I found a rebel trooper whose clothes I thought would fit me. I stripped 'him, and then removing my own uniform donned the suit of butter nut, and guided by the stars started away . towards th» south,' avoiding the village, and depend ing upon my wits and the British, coin. in. my pockets to carry, me to Wilmington,1 i whence I thought;? it .would not be diffioult to obtain^ a passage to England. ','?;,:,' .',._ ;'.?. OEAPIBE T;'; .' '.'., '.' .'' /—'The incidents of my pilgrimage 'through the' Confederacy to Wilmington were of the commonplace character that befalls the adventurer in all countries .?passing through a. period of great national excitement. But after* many vexations | delays, I at length succeeded in getting a j passage on one of the blockade ranning jclippfrs bound for Liverpool, where, in idue course, I safely arrived, going on at ! once to London. : : .. . ? ??:??' i 'Upon interviewing the lawyer, our family man of business, I found that the news of my brother's death in action, in a Bkirmish with a party of Federal cavalry had preceded me, and that I had been !diligently searohecl: for for ao'ene', weeks 'past. Of my ^own presence on the occa sion of my brother's death, .'. evidently nothing was known in England, and,' as a matter of course, I did not enlighten any one there upon the point. ' Aslhad surmised, my brother had made no will and was unmarried. I thus found myself the possessor — the wealthy ' possessor— of the lands of my father found myself in . the position of an English landed proprietor, with all the splendid potentialities, of the position crowding on my mental vision, . .Now, I said to my Relf— blind fool that, I' was, a« though every incident of my wretched past, did not give this dream the lie — -if the germ of it be within me, I can become a gentleman. The claims to aocial stand ing, based on the long line and the; doughty deeds of our ancestore, which if advanced in , connection with poverty would .have been 'scouted^ as ridiculous, when furniflhediwithithe gildipg of newly acquired wealth will be deemed worthy of all acceptance by the praotioal and worldly minded Yorkahireman.. Thus I. lolilo quiBed as the morning express bore me rapidly along to York, en route to Selby, within a few, miles of whioh was Winton Moor, the freehold that we, the Selby Marvels of Selby, had held in fee simple from the days of William the Norman. ' It was a cold bright winter's night, when I arrived at Winton Manor. The snow lay thick upon the ground, and from long ranges of lofty windows, floods of warm light marked with golden bars the surface of the frozen 'land as it lay white under the rays of the resplendent moon The Manor, which I recollected in the days of my youth as an ivy clad ruin, picturesque ind uninhabitable — in those days we lived, in genteel poverty and cheap lodgings in Selby— had been re built by my brother, aed was now an imposing edifice in, the early Englfsh: style. ' ' They were expecting me, . and as I alighted a crowd of obsequious lackeys lined the hall and gave to my return the appearance of a welcome. ' ? 'For a faw days I was almost oppressed with the magnificence of everything around me, and was absolutely somewhat in awe. of the silent and stately menials 'who flitted about, as it seemed to me, like ruddy cheeked ghosts in radiant liveries. . Hour ever, I soon learned, to accept ; : withoW | ,j embarraisme'nt :, | !th'e greatness j that ?!'.' the I ? county ', ,seomed determined to .thrust on nie ; became member of ; committeeg and 'associations innumerable, subscribed .liberally to, all county; movements and charities ;, became a .justice , of the peace, became — even to' : this' day that circumstance ?rather ..puzzles, me — popular, and at ilength; . attained to what had become my 'great ambition, colonel; of a regiment of county volunteers. In this position I could and did. ventilate; some theories about matters military, which were des cribed by my friend* .as the expression of rery original notions, and by my enemies as ridiculous fads.. , ''.Then a feeling of restful, content stole over me. The past was quickly; fading from my memory, and I felt myself to be falling into flesh and assimilating in appearance, 'manners, and deportment to the country squires, my neighbours around me. One thing, however, was still wanting to complete my happiness. To do full justice to the requirements of my present position, Winton Manor should have, a miitress, and I. determined, with, out avoidable delay, to supply this want. 'And here again fortune seemed. , dis posed to load me with its favours; I had considered myself past the age of senti ment, and whilst seeking a partner possessing the qualifications 1 deemed essential to the position of my wife, I found' something more ; found that I had gained the virgin afftotions of a noble minded and accomplished gentlewoman — for such she seemed to be. Found,, too, that the course of true love, or the feeling that did duty for it, did in this instance run smooth; found' that the matter of settlements presented no difficulty, that ' the parents were gratified, and that the county approved the match. And when Iiled n-y fair young English bride to the altar 1 felt myself to be indeed a fortu' nate man ; felt that earth had very littl* mor e of happiness to offer me. ' 'My wife and myself became stars in the county firmament. We led a semi publio life, attending every meet for, 'many miles round in the hunting season, 'and never missing any of the county fes tivities or social functions of the district.' And Winton Manor, during all this time, w»s merry with the presence of many guests. ? ' ' ' _ ' .' . ,'. ' .'.' 'Then my wife, presented me with a ion, and in accordance with the custom of the Selby Marvells from time imme morial, we called the. boy (our first-born) Mark. And amongst the old time dwellers on the estate, with, whom the folk lore of the family formed a sort of unwritten code of law and faith, there was groat re joicing. Imaginative tenants and friends declared that the, boy was the image of ' Sir Mark,' the doughty knight who had fallen at the head' of his troop of cavaliers at Naseby, and whoseiadedportrait hung in the place of horror in the pioture gal lery—the only room in the old building that had remained entirely ^intact during the dark. daya ^bf the family - fortunes. Whilst others deolared that he certainly / ^ resembled his ancestor, Sir Frederiok, the i great painter, whose works were the won der of the art world of tho last century. Oertainly the boy's physique wbh splendid, and he grew apace, and we wore both, Maude and myself, very proud of him . 'About this time, Maude and. myself seemed to drift somewhat apart, to become bored by the very intensity of our happi ness ; or it may have been that our livers were out of order. Certain it is, however, we were beginning to feel de cidedly dull, when our social oircle . I, was enlivened by the advent of an accom- \, pliahed stranger, a foreigner, Count Beg- I istocski, a wealthy Russian. , 1 ' The Count was a handsome fellow, ' M and a splendid linguist, who rode like an ' ? Irish squireen, waltzed like a Viennese, ? shot like an American backwoodBman,and m was clever at games of skill, In country m quarters a man of this kind is always' an M acquiBition-,and we invited him to prolong Jf*^K his visit indefinitely— and he did »Oy-~*^*f' (To be continued.) . f 