I*c©i>!e We Kend About. Ilernhaidt, Patti, and Langtry are each engaged in writing a bcok. Lard Lytton wc8 the sixteenth earl who died in 1891. Lord Lyttcn was a believer in ghosts. Ilia seat, Kuebswortb, was haunted, ho was con vinced. Hiram Chase, an Indian of the Omaha tribe; ha3 been permittted to the practise of tbs law at Omahni Mr3. Kendal is the inventor and patentee of a lamp and candle shade, from the sale of which she derives a very handsome prtfit. •* Bismark, is what in Germany they call a j “chain smoker,” that is he smokes from morning till night ■ without a break, j lighting one oigar with the end of the His full name, with its tities, was the ! 'tight Honorable Edward Itobert Bulwar Lytton, Earl of Lytton, G.C.B., G.C.S., C.L.E., L L.D., but the great world will know him beet and remember him best as Owen Meredith. A strange figure on the streets of Wash ington is that of Josephine J. Jarocki, a Polish countess and a grandniece of Count Pulaski, or revolutionary fame. She is j described as a “ human dried apple,” poor to ■ indigence and ehabbil'y dressed, and Ehe is about fifty years old. For twenty-five years she has been fighting for a fortune left by Count Pulaski. Mile, Bilceseo, Ibo young Roumanian re cently admitted to practise law in France, is a-tail, gaaceful, and d3rk-haired girl of twenty-three. She is the" only child of a hunker at Bucharest, ana in that oity she has hung out lier shingle. Her eeurs9 .of instruction in tha law in Paris lasted for six yeare, and during that lirao she was ab sent but one day from the lscture Paul du Chaillu eay3 that whenever in the forests of Africa, ho encountered a gorilla his life hung on a e!i nder shread, for either he or the gorilla had to die. Inasmuch ns the genial traveller is still alive, it seems likely that lie gave a quietus to more than one of the big apes. According to M. du Chaillu fho female gorilla sleeps st night in the branches of a tree, while the male reposes at tbo base of the tree to keep her from harm. 