DThT4MTIGAND . US1CAL YOTES. (By TOUCHSTONE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. No. 163. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. TUESDAY, SEPTEMDER 21, 1871. Complimentary Benefit, tendered to Mr W. r Kinchela, scenic artist, by the LAUNCESTON AMATEUR DRAMATIC 1 CLUB. The curtain will rise upon Courtney's 1 drama, in two scts, entitled TIME TRIES ALL. Mr Leeson .. ... Mr C. W. liocher Mathew Bates ... . MrA.li.Murphy Hon. Augustus Collander Yawn ... ... ... Mr G. C. Isreal 1 Charles Clinton... ... Mr F. Ferguson Tom Tact ... Lir J. Barclay Laura Leeson ... Mis Bella Sutherland Fanny Fact ... Mrs T. N. Ford To conclude with Blanchard Jerrold's Comedietta, COOL AS A CUCUUMBER. Mr Plumper Mr T. C. Just Old Barkins . ...Mr A. J. Thomson 1 Young Barkins ... ... Mr F. Ferguson Wiggins ... ... .Lady Amateur Jessie Honiton ... Miss Bella Sutherland Matters theatrical still stagnnt in Tas mania. The following are the attractions at present offered in the leading Melbourne and Sydney theatres :-Melbourne: Prin cess's, ' The Lost Paradise;' Bijou, ' The Village Priest.' Sydney: Her Majesty's, London Gaiety Company, 'Carmen up to Date ; Garrick, Emmerson and Wood's Minstrels. George Collier, at one time a most pro mising actor, died recently in Melbourne. Bland Holt and comepany have been in Brisbane lately. Mr Walter Bentley gave arenreseetation of ' Hamlet' at the Melbourne Princess's Theatre lately. This is how a local critic dealt with ' he who played the ghost:' , The gentleman who played the ghost seemed anxious to improve Shakespeare by introducing a little humeur into the part, and if this were his object he succeeded in a manner not to be endured. A more amusing ghost never visited the glimpses of the moon. His teapot attitude when admonishing Hamlet-that is, with right hand outstretched and the left arm carefully rolled into the form of a circle, thus showing the profile of that familiar domestie utensil of which gossips are said to be so enamoured-was peculiar in itself, while coupled with a voice that seemed to appeal from the bottom of his boots-the actor's, not the ghost's-and finally the lapse of memory manifested and made so glaring by the prompter's efforts that the point could not be lost on anyone in the house, produced a combination of faultiness which could not pass muster under the most favourable review. Homer is per mitted to nod, but the perturbed spirit of Hamlet's father should not be chargeable with forgetting what he had intended to say to his son at their first interview.' Mrs Bernard.Beere was interviewed at Colombo. She professed herself delighted with Australia, and remarked that while Melbourne preferred tragedy, comedy was more to the taste of Sydney. As for the climate of Australia, that suited her ad. mirably, and entirely set her up again. Mr Standing modifies his eulogies with a refer ence to the filthy condition of Melbourne and the offensiveness of the people, who, he says, seem to have an idea that they could repudiate their debts, separate from the old country, and maintain their inde pendence by means of the small handful of men which constitute their army. His artistic success in Melbourne, he says, was complete; so that he was speaking entirely without animus when he said it was the most un-English place he had been to in an English colony, and had a strong Hiber nian suggestion, coupled with a flavour of Yankeeism. Coming from Mr Standing (remarks the Leader), whose lamentable breakdown is still fresh in the memory of playgoers, this criticism 'withoutprejudico' is admirable indeed. 'The scribbling globh-+,-ect r.' remarks a writer in an exchange, has- been abroad again, and in the pages of the New Review spitefully anathematises ' The Drama in the Antipodes.' The title chosen for the article is understood to be ' English as she is spoke' for' The Drama at the Antipodes.' The writer begins by chuckling contemptu ously over the fact that Australia as yet has no drama of her own,'so that 'if London were to fall a prey to anarchists,respectable Antipodean theatres would close with one accord;' and with an air of triumps he goes on to explain this barbarous state of affairs by the (alleged) fact that Australia ' is a curious ugly country, scarcely know ing the meaning of the word beauty.' The first reflection aroused by this sort of stuff is expressed in the query ' Why should Aus' tralia have a drama of her own ?' This is, in effect, a country of English people, and the production of an Australian play other than English, except as to its local colour, would therefore be impossible. More than this, any such play would at once find its way to London, where, as in the case of 'Captain Swift,' it would bring its author fame and fortune. Yes, our dratra would suffer severely if London were destroyed, but it would not expire so long as Paris continued to exist. With the self-satisfac tion of the typical Londoner, the writer fails to see that his metaphor, 'Were the sun to cease shining the moon's face would darken,' can be applied just as aptly in sect matters to the relations subsisting between Paris and London as to those hsappily created between London and the capitals of Australia. The London stage without the constant flow of drama, farcical comedy, and comic opera from France would be in a parlous coo dition indeed. If we set aside as beneath consideration the meccsnicslly turned melodrama and the senseless barlooques of Sims, Pettitt. Scott, and their triss, it ran be asserted that during tho last ten years there have not been produced in London ten fleet-rate pieces that do not owe plot or dialogue, or both, to French authors, wvith occasional recournse to Germany and Nor way. These p'ays after thseir firetintroduc' tion are known in London journalhstic and theatrical circles as English pieces, 'rho press speaks of Gcundy'a 'Pair of Spec tacles,' Dion Boucicault's ' Led Astray,' Hamilton Aidie's ' Dr. Bill,' etc.; and in a notice of'* La Ci gale ' (music by Audran, book by Mid. Chivet and Burn, plus some pantomimic fooling by a London writer) the deikenaum actually went so far as to begin a criticism with the words ' Mr Burnand's new comic opera " LL Oigale" I' So that the New Reviews, whilst fully aware that just at *present England can only boast twe dramsatists (Pinero and Jones) whsos plays have a perceptible literary flavour, affects to mar vel at the remarkable, the heart rending *circumstance that Australia has no drama, us art, diotinctively its own. What cares ths blindly superior Londoner that Covent Garden opera is carried on in every lan guage under the sun except English, seed that if the Continent were annihilated, the Snational' opera house would clOse at *once ? No matter, ho can jibe at Aus tralia in a London review unchecked send unrebuked. Me even finds it possible with the ruin of the Royal English Opera House staring him in the face-yea, with thse prospectus that announces ite future de votion to ' variety ' entertainments in his hand-oven then the Superior One can ro mark with a fine sneer, that * without Len don thesentipedean playgoers~wouldho com pelled to content themoslve3 with indif ferent music halls and the glittering glory of the boocing keno.' After laying down his pen, we can imagine thu contented air with which the writer strolls round to the Hoyel English Opera Bousee to hear ' Knocked 'em in the Old Kent road' and ' They're after me ;' or deoe he turn hi. steps to Covent Garden in order to hear LMelba, the great Australian soprane, almost the only English speaking artist omongot the polyglot troupe that providee London with its operatic music ? Husband, 'I don't knew where that hey Sgot liis temper; I ace sure not from me.' ' *No. my dear, for I don't find that you're lost any.' He: ' Dearest, what is your real opinion of me ?' She : ' Don't ask silly qeestione. You will find that out soon enough after our marriage' 