The opening o£ Parliament yesterday bad its usual pomp and circumstance, and the stateliness of the pageant inside and outside the House was, _ } perhaps, unconsciously heightened, and its significance augmented, by the pre vailing impression that issues of the highest importance will be ripened and decided before the session is closed. Victoria is once more “ suffering a re covery,” and the pain and duration of that interval of suffering will be, to a great extent, determined by what the present Parliament does and leaves undone. So far as appears, the governing policy of the session is as yet in solution. On all the greater issues, and it is a very significant fact, most hon. members have a free band. Speculation, there fore, as to what course will be taken with respect to this or to that question is, at present, idle. And it is pretty well understood that the apparently large Ministerial following may, upon emergenoy, present no more coherence than a rope of sand. The chief item of the day’s procedure was, of course, the Yice-Regal speech. This was to a great extent an official confirmation of what was, up to its deliverance, matter of more or less well - founded rumor. Governors’ speeches are usually regarded as fair game for humorous, and sometimes malicious criticism. It is said of them that, like the condolences of Job’s com forters, they darken counsel by words without any direct practical meaning, or are like the fantastic illuminated headings to ancient manuscripts, un intelligible in themselves and rendering what follows more difficult to read;. In , the present case the framers of the speech have exercised • a wise discretion. Haply there was a lively remembrance of the last Gubernatorial deliverance on a similar occasion, when words were put into his mouth which closely shaved the border of political neutrality which Vice-Regal deliverances are supposed to always observe. At all events while reference was necessarily made to the most hom ing question of the time, that of the action of the Government towards the Railway Commissioners, there was careful avoidance of anything calcu lated to convey the idea of even a sug gestion as to how the House should deal with it. The speech did not say, for example, that the endorse ment or otherwise of the suspension of the Commissioners is the crux of the whole position, but hon. members are well aware of this for themselves. Leaving the usual formal introduction, in which we may include the passing reference to the premature decease of the Duke of Clarence, what may be called the solid matter of the speech begins with the undoubtedly valuable services rendered by the Standing Committee on Railways, the result of which will appear later on in the shape of an amending bill. If we interpret the Yice-Regal utterance in this regard by reading largely between the lines, we shall arrive at the conclusion that this amending bill will embody the com mittee’s recommendations as to cheap construction of lines of development with : correspondingly light rolling stock and low speed. It will be also a condition that in all such lines the necessary land must be either con veyed free to the,State or sold at a rigid limitation as to its previous market value. Hon. members hardly need to be told that all their efforts in the way of constructive railway reform will be neutralised unless there is a clear understanding that there must be no more octopus bills, but each proposal must be debated and decided on its own merits. The starting of two lines of development in the Mallee country, without Parliamentary au thority,-need cause the Government no uneasiness, as the House will un doubtedly regard the action as not only justifiable, but praiseworthy. We have referred more at length to the amended railway policy, as fore shadowed in the speech, because it becomes more and more apparent that it will prove the master key to the whole political position. Still many important matters remain, contingent upon the railway question being disposed of. Our irrigation schemes, so far as they have been carried out, have not proved the suc cess which their promoters predicted. An amending bill which would increase the facilities for the practice of arti ficial watering, without creating a bur den for the taxpayers, would deserve very favorable consideration. The projected legislation for promoting village settlements is excellent as to its intention, and, moreover, aims at meeting a demand which is getting stronger and stronger and must be met, in some way or other, later on. Moreover, it is one of the means, a most satisfactory one if it can be successfully introduced,- of re lieving the periodical congestion of the labor markets, a congestion which shows unpleasant symptoms of be coming chronic. Upon the questions of retrenchment and increased taxation it was to be expected that a word would be said, but details were, of course, inadmis sible. The subject will come on for full consideration with the Budget speech. For the rest, the establish ment of a labor bureau, and the introduction of an' improved mea sure for establishing Courts of Conciliation are matters deserving early attention. Amendment of the Companies Act, making it deal more stringently with financial institutions which carry on speculative business under the name of banking, and pro tecting in some degree the investors in building societies and kindred institu tions, is confessedly needed, and it is hoped will be passed into law. Other useful measures must be content to bide their time. It is pretty clear, however, that the “ One Man One Yote ” Bill, about which such strong feeling was manifiested a few months since, is relegated to the indefinite future. The proposal to extend a water supply to the wheat-growing districts in the mallee will be received with satisfaction, and the dairymen will be encouraged by the news that the Government proposes to continue the export bonuses on dairy pro duce in a somewhat modified form. The last paragraph of the speech reads as follows :—“The reaction following a period of over-trading appears to have reached its limit* the great producing industries of the colony—wool, grain, live stock, gold, vines, and- manufac tures remain unimpared; and I trust that the measures to be submitted to you will result in the restoration of the colony’s normal prosperity, and that your deliberations, by the blessing of Divine Providence, will advance the well-being and happiness of the people of Victoria.” It is to be said to the credit of the Commission on Charitable Institutions that it did much really good work, and made many valuable and practical re commendations. It is natural, there fore, that its members should manifest a wish to get that work embodied in legislation. On Tuesday Mr Zox, chairman of the commission, and Mr Julian Thomas, secretary, waited on the Treasurer to ascertain what the Government proposed to do to give effect to the suggestions embodied in the report of the commission. The reply was, on the whole, satis factory. The Government would, said Sir Graham Berry, deal with the matter this session “ if it had time,” and would, in any case, make it a part of their'programme. This assurance was reiterated in the Governor’s speech yesterday, which said that the report had received consideration, and a bill to carry out its principal pro visions will, “ if possible,” be sub mitted. It appears that something has already been done in the matter and the outlines of a bill laid down, mainly on the lines recom mended by the commission. Under the new measure the colony would be divided into districts, to be adminis tered by local boards, the members of which will be elected by the municipalities. These boards will superintend the administration of all charitable institutions within their respective districts, receive and allocate the Government grants, and direct how . deficits, if any, shall be made up out of local municipal funds. Above these local boards there will be a central one, which will make the first distribution of the general vote among the various districts, and be re garded as having control over all the charities within the colony. It is said to be a feature of the bill that the Government shall bear half the cost of supporting charitable institutions, and the balance will be left for private sub scription, or, failing that, a levy upon Jhe general municipal rates. A further provision is that shipowners' shair.be liable for the support of per sons whom they introduce to the colony, but who become a burden on the State within three months of their arrival. There is at present such a liability, but as it only extends over seven days, an extension of time is called for. It has long been a scandal to our colony that well-to-do folks have .left near relatives to the support of the State in our benevolent asylums, and the bill would provide for making them liable for the support of their poor relations. It was pointed out in the report of the Commission that, as is well known, in the neighborhood of most of our larger centres of population racing and other clubs are permitted to occupy valuable Crown reserves or lands rent free, while on race or match days they charge the public a substantial admission fee. The sugges tion is that a percentage of all such receipts shall be paid over to the general fund of the Central Charitable Board. A similar practice exists in Paris with excellent, results, and it ap pears to be an easy and wholly unob jectionable way of raising money for charitable purposes. A number of depositors and holders of current nccounts in the Ballarat Banking Company met yesterday afternoon at the George hotel, Lydiard street, to consider the. present position of affairs. Mr John Murray, J.P., occupied the chair, ond Mr Robert Ross was appointed to act as secre tary. The chairman explained that the objects of the meeting were to consider whether any steps could bn takon to assist the directors in their difficulty, whether they could not do anything to avoid the ex pense and delay which would be necessary accompaniments of liquidation. From in formation gleaned from the bank, the amount due to depositors who had nut signed the guarantee to leave their money in the bank was only £27,000, and nearly half of this amount was to the credit of •me depositor, who resided in South lt was resolved that a letter be sent to him, asking him to sign the agreement, and pointing oat that in the opinion of the meeting such an action on his part would lead to a solution of the present difficulties. A deputation, consisting of the chairman, and Messrs Lindsay, Don, and Ross, was appointed to confer with the directors in order to see whether means could not be devised to avoid the necessity of the bank going into liquidation. It is gratifying to note that the recent deputation to the Minister of Mines for a special grant for the Plateau mines is receiv ing the attention of the Sebastopol Council, and at their meeting last evening it seas de cided, in accordance with the suggestion in tho mayor’s report, to call a public meeting of persons interested in the matter, to de cide upon the best means of endeavoring to have the grant sanctioned and passed by Parliament, An advertisement appears in another column in reference to the matter. The address in reply was moved in the Assembly last night by Mr Isaacs, membnr for Bngnng, in an able speech, and seconded by Mr Dyer, member for Boruug. On the motion of Mr Gillies, the debate was ad journed to Tuesday. In reply to a deputation yesterday, the Minister of Mines (Mr Outtrim) said he pro posed to . abolish both the mining and pro specting boards, the latter of which he re garded as absolutely mischievous, but would establish, another hoard to fill the place of both. A considerable quantity of tea arrived in Ballarat during the past two weeks. The consignments were cleared from the Cus toms, and were addressed to several mer chants. It is anticipated by the trade that there will be an extra 2d per lb duty on tea, although from enquiries made yesterday several merchants were of the opinion that the proposed duty would not be placed on the so much used beverage. As an instance of the quantity that arrived recently, it may be mentioned that Mr J. M’Leod, of Lydiard street, received a consignment of no less than 1050 boxes, varying from 20 to 1001 b packages, representing a total weight of 31,2411 b. This consignment alone appears to be a very large item, but it is only what is necessary for ordinary consumption. Reuter informs us that up to yesterday no appeal had been lodged with the Privy -Cobncil in the case of the Windsor mur derer. George Farmer appeared at the Town Police Court yesterday, on remand, charged with having iufl'cted grievous bodily harm on his wife. Mr Hamilton informed the beoch that Mr Barrett, the defendant’s counsel, was engaged in another court, and therefore asked for a remand until next Thursday, when, in all probability, the case will thnn be proceeded with. The remand was granted. Mr James Oddie states that the rumor which has been freely circulated during the past few days to the effect that he was about to re-establish the business formerly carried on by him, and taken over by the Mercantile Bank, is entirely without fonhdation. We regret to have to announce the death of Mr David Wilson, sen., late of the Town Hall hotel, Armstrong street. The deceased was an bid colonist, having arrived hero in the ship Donald M’Kay in 1833, and will he remembered by many ns proprietor, in part nership with the lata Mr A. Laiug, of the Golden Point bakery, and also of the Blow hard hotel. The deceased leaves a widow and grown-up family comfortably settled in life,' He was a native of Broxburn, near Edinburgh, Scotland, and died at the age of 62 years, deeply regretted by all who knew him.- The funeral will take place to- day, at 3 o’clock. The fortnightly meeting of the Town Council takes place to- day. Among the business to be transacted is the dealing with the matter of tramways in Ballarat East. A farmer named Michael Kenneally was arrested and lodged in the lock-up last even ing on a charge of unlawfully assaulting a lad named Wm. Hy. Harvey. It is alleged that Kenneally was behaving in a very riotous manner in Mair street, and a crowd sqotr gathered around him. He went up. to Harvey and offered to fight, but the latter declined, and told him to go about his busi ness, whereupon the accused cowardly kicked him about the legs, causing several severe wounds, Harvey at once reported the affair to Detective Rogcrsnn, who went in pursuit of Kenneally and speedily effected his arrest. Accused will be brought up at the City Court this morniag to answer the charge. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Hunt Club takes place to-day at 12 noon at Craig’s kotel. The'last of the meetings under the auspices of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria was held in the Dawson street schoolroom yesterday, at which there was a good attendance. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Dr Sevan and short addresses were delivered on “ Foreign Missions,” and “ Woman's work for Woman,” by the Rev. G. S. Howdcn, Mrs Howden, Mrs Sevan, and Mias Clarke, The meeting closed with the singing of a hymn followed by the Dcxology. Messrs Gale, Williams, and Phillips, J's.P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday. Joseph Farmer, charged with having made use of obscene language the previous evening, was fined £2, or a week’s imprisonment. An old offender, named Susan Dooley, charged with vagrancy, was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. Constable Smith stated that he had found the woman sleeping in a channel adjoining the Chinese gardens. Inspector Hamilton proceeded against Michael Nilan, licensee of the Shamrock hotel, for having his bar door unlocked during prohibited hours, Mr Hamilton remarked that the defendent had been several times before the court for a similar offence, brought about through sheer carelessness. He had no desire to press for a heavy fine, Nilan admitted the offence, and the chairman of the bench stated that they had no alternative but to inflict a fine of £5, which was paid. Three inebriates were also dealt with, one of the number being fined 10s. Several changes have recently been effected in the police force of the city. Constable Kissane has, at his own request, been sent to Beaufort to take the place of Constable Ferguson, who has been transferred to Bal larat. Mounted-constable Powell last night proceeded to Dungaree to do duty in that district during the absence of Constable Gibson, who is suffering from an attack of typhoid fever, .while Constable M’Quillam, from Melbourne, has taken the place of Constable Millea, transferred to that place. In connection with the Lvdiard stieet Wesleyan M.1.A., the Rev, D. J. Flockart gave an evening of popular recitals in the Dana street Lecture Hall, last evening, in aid of the new piano fund; Mr J. J. Broken; shire, the president, in the chair. The reverend gentleman opened with a short address on elocution, and the manner in which he dealt with the subject promised a pleasant entertainment. The selections, which were rendered in a clear and fluent style, were:—“The War of the League” (Macauley); “ The Raven,” “The|Bells " (E. A. Poe), “A Village Entertainment,-’ and “The May Queen ” (Tennyson), each being vociferously applauded. The recitals were interspersed with two violin solos by Mr J. Datson, and songs by Messrs W. Wilson and A. Hoskin, which were favorably com mented on by the large audience present. Miss Lilian Eyres presided at the piano in her usual finished style. The hearing of evidence on behalf of the licensee of the Greyhound hotel, Main street, was continued and concluded yesterday at the Arbitration Court. MrTuthill, on be half of the licensee, and Mr Barrett, for the Crown, addressed the court at some'length, and at half- past 4 o’clock an adjournment was made until 930 this morning. On resuming to day, evidence will be taken in regard to the compensation to be paid to the owner of the hotel. Last evening, in the Temperance Hall, Buninyong, before a large audience, “ Daph and her Charge,”, a service of song, was produced by the Pres byterian Sunday school children, aided by adult members of the church and Blue Ribbon choirs.' A decided success was scored, and deservedly so, for the whole ser vice had been so well arranged, and so care fully rehearsed, that it went with a “ snap ” that highly pleased the audience. There were no dreary waits, neither was there any of that wretched- voice-forcing which is- too often associated with children’s singing. The young folk did their work with a zest that must have delighted their conductor and trainer, the Rev. J. A. Burns, who, by the way, also gave the connective readings in excellent style. The solos by Misses E. Hedrick, M, Duncan, J, .Hedrick, B. Graham,- A. Duley, G. Popplewell, and M. Harvey, were given with good effect, and Mias F. Harvey showed considerable talent in her dramatic recitation. Miss J. Graham kept up the reputation which she has so deservedly earned of being a painstaking and effective organist. The Sunday-school funds, in aid of which the service was given, will, as a result of the entertainment, be materially increased. The matriculation examination was con tinued yesterday at the School of Mines, when the candidates were examined in arith metic and geography. Tho time-table for to-day is ns follows:—9.3o to 11 30, algebra (pass): 930 to 12 30, algebra (honors); 2.30 to 4.30, history (pass); 2.30 to 5 30, history (honors), Messrs Fitzgerald, Shaw, and Clarks J’s.P., presid-d at the City Police Court yesterday. William Davis and William Bunting, both of whom were presented on a charge of having used obscene language, were discharged. A man named Joseph Bird, charged with unlawfully assaulting Ellis V. Jermyn, at Redan, was remanded until to-morrow, Mr C. Sirgeant, of the Federal Timber Yard, received yesterday from the Mirboo mill, Gippsland, two beams 43 feet long, 15 x 7, to the order of M’Gregor Bros., con tractoro, Ballarat East, to be used by them in connection with their work of removing houses. These beams are of blue gum and without a flaw, this class of timber taking the highest position in the last Government report on Victorian timber. The practise of woodcutters, especially at this time of the year, cutting down young timber on Crown lands, appears to be in creasing, judging by the number of cases brought before the Police Court. Yester day, Mr W. Gear, Crown lands bailiff, pro ceeded against a carter named Robert Gates for cutting timber on the forest reserve. The defendant admitted tiie offence, and was fined £2, without costs. There was a fair attendance at Scots Presbyterian Church last night, when the service of song, “Esther” was rendered in a very creditable manner by the choir, assisted by several friends, under the leadership of Mr Mitchell, with Miss L. Kiel presiding at the organ. The connective readings were very effectively given by Miss R. Vallins, whose distinct pronunciation and elocution ary powers were deservedly appreciated. A man named John Molloy is charged on warrant with disobeying a summons of the Ballarat East bench on the 2nd inst., to answer a charge of assault. A young man named John Griffiths, re siding in Armstrong street, attended at tho Hospital yesterday, suffering from injuries to one of the fingers of his left hand, caused by getting it jammed between two boards. At tho arbitration proceedings yesterday, Mr Barrett announced that service of any notices on the Crown would be. accepted at his office, in order that unnecessry delay in sending them to Melbourne to the Crown Law Department might be avoided. The Women’s Prayer Union was addressed yesterday afternoon by the Rev. Mr Hart lett, the subject taken being the promise nf the risen Saviour to hisdi°ciples—“ Ye shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost.” The Rev. Mr Wilson occupied the chair, and the whole meeting was a most pleasant and profitable one. At the Linton Police C mrt ou Thursday, I2ch May, before Messrs Clarke and Shep herd, J’s.P.—Nelson and Son v Marks, goods, £9 6s lid, the sum of £1 paid since the service of summons and an error of £l, leaving a balance of £7 6< lid. Order for the amount with 5s costs. Alex, Taylor v F. J. Taylor, manager Coxa’s Freehold Gold Mining Company, No Liability, Linton, work and labor done, £49 15s 6d. Order for the amount. Costs ss. Execution to be stayed for seven days. Intense dissatisfaction (says the Age) exists in Ballarat and Bendigo respecting the manner in which the Country Fire Bri gades Board is' conducting its business, and it would appear from the complaints made that something will have to be done to remedy what is likely to prove a grave scandal. Taking Bendigo us a typical in stance of the way in which the board ia conducting the financial portion of its opera tions, it is explained that before the creation of that body the city maintained five bri gades at an annual coat of £5OO. Daring the first year of the board’s existence the number of brigades was reduced to three, yet the Bendigo City Council had to contri bute £390 to the board as its portion of the cost of maintenance; and as the Government, as well as the insurance companies, had to contribute similar sums, the cost of manage ment was increased from £5OO to £ll7O. The Bendigo brigades received only £3OO of that sum; and thin year the council is asked to contribute £6OO, which means that the total cost of maintaining three us against five brigades has increased from £5OO to £l3OO a year. The question is asked—What becomes of the money ? An answer may be found ia the fact that the board pays £6OO a year to its chief officer, £4OO to a secretary, £3 3s a day to each member attending a sitting of the board, and a large sum for the rental of offices in Melbourne. The dis satisfaction has become so great that Mr Bailee will take the opportunity in the Legis lative Assembly to ask tho Chief Secretary if he is aware of the discontent amongst the members of the fire brigades, the residents, and also the municipalities; and if he is whether he will introduce an amending bill to abolish the board, and vest the control of the brigades in local honorary boards to consist of a municipal representative a Government nominee, and one nominated by the insurance companies. The conference between ths Minister of Public Instruction and the inspectors of the metropolitan State schools was concluded ou Wednesday. The inspectors submitted a proposal which it was thought would effect a considerable saving in the administration of gchools witbonk reducing the ■alnries of the teHchera or impairing the efficiency of the service. The suggestion was considered in conjunction with a scheme of retrenchment propounded by the Minister, After some discussion, Mr Peacock (says the Argus) thanked the inspectors for their suggestions, and promised to call them together again if any new points were raised by the Cabinet when dealing with the proposals, A charitable bequest was the subject of argument before Mr Justice a Beckett on Wednesday, The late John Haimes, of Colac, died on the 26th May, 1890, leaving property valued at £71,000. By will, dated the 12th July, 1887, the testator directed the residue, about £35,000, to be divided equally between the Melbourne, Geelong, and Oolao Ladies’ Benevolent Societies. One of the next of kin, Susannah Bridget Enowling. contended that the Colac society had ceased to exist at the time of the testa tor’s death, and one of the trustees, Frederick R. Piuoott, took out an ori ginating summons to have it determined whether such was the fact, and how, if the society had gone out of existence, the third of the residue, to which it would otherwise have been entitled, was to have been divided. After the case had been opened, it was an nounced that a compromise had been ar rived at, under which the third of the residue, nr about £12,000, would ha equally divided between the society and the next of kin. The legality of the compromise was questioned, and 'llls Honor reserved judg ment. General Booth, of the Salvation Army, states (says an Argus cablegram) that the funds of the spiritual and social branches of the work are exhausted. Only £4OOO has ba»n subscribed so far this year for hie Darkest England scheme, and it appears that the help work is nearly at a standstill. Importers are (says Thursday’s Stan dard) still rapidly clearing their goods from bond upon which they antici pate increased duties in the near fu'ure. Yesterday’s revenue shows the enormous total of £36,544 3i Id, or £2745 more than the previous day, which, in itself, was more than four times the daily average. To-day there is just as much activity in the withdrawals, and the Cus toms officers are having a merry time of it. The amount paid into the Customs this week, including Thursday morning, exceeds £lOO,OOO. The contest for the Speakership having been settled, the next fight among members of the Legislative Assembly will (says the Argus) he for the office of Chairman of Com mittees, for which there are four candidates, namely, Mr M’Leiian, Mr Graves, Mr Baker, and Mr Mason, Mr M'Lellan has acted as chairman during the last few years. Mr Graves has frequently acted as deputy-ebair man, while Mr Baker has also occasionally done so, and on that ground both claim to be entitled to some consideration. The former gentleman, however, has been more energetic in his efforts to secure the position. Mr Mason is, however, considered of the four aspirants to be the one most likely to obtain a majority of votes. The expectations of importers as to the Treasurer’s scheme of increased taxation were again indicated at the Customs Bepart ment on Wednesday, when the revenue col lected on spirits, tea, wine, colonial spirits, cigars, and tobacco amounted to the abnor mally large sum of £38.473. On Mnnday (says tho Argus) the receipts were upwards of £23,000, and on Tuesday upwards of £33,000, whereas the normal daily receipts are not more than £BOOO nr £9OOO. The average daily revenue for 1890, which was a good year, was oidy £9OOO. A further important discovery of black coal has (says the Ape) been made by the giant diamond drill at work midway between Korumburra and Strezlecki, Last week the drill passed through a seam 2 feet 4 inches thick, and on Wednesday the Secretary of Mines received n telegram from the manager, stating that a second seam, 3 feat 10 inches thick, had been intersected at a depth of 534 feet. It being understood that the managing body of the World’s Fair, to be opened in Chicago next year, are in favor of opening the exhibition on Sundays, strong efforts are being made by the churches to prevent the carrying out of such a proposal. A petition against Sunday opening, bearing 1,000,000 signatures, has been presented to the com missioners of the exhibition. According to the Argus, the Minister of Railways has now » under consideration further retrenchment proposals which, if carried out, will result io the dismissal of a number of officers, not on the ground of old agu or inefficiency, but simply because it is thought that their services are not necessary. The deputy-commissioners consider that the service is very much over manned in nearly all its branches. The two expensive palace cars lately running on the Portland line have been transferred to the North-Eastern railway, to be attached to thn express trains to and from Wodonga in connection with the Sydney service, but will not be fitted with sleeping berths. Other sleeping cars suitable for the limited traffic to Portland will be placed on the line to that town. An Argus cablegram says that in conse quence of there being a conflict of tho au thorities, there is no means of enforcing the call that has been made on the shareholders in the Mercantile Bank of Australasia. An application has been made for a winding-up order, but the case has been adjourned until 14th June. 