THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. Mn. How.man. M.L.A.. says lio doesn't see the use ni' supporting a Government which would not a-sist him in tho way of appointing a Royal Commission nr something of the sort to omjuiio into certain alleged r.dl-stulling saiil to have; t:ik on place at Avr»';i previous to the lust election. These being his sentiments. wn don't sue what use ihere is in J!v, Bowman supporting the iioveriiinent anvhow. -Mr. Taylor, (he member for Hawthorn, remarked in tlii- Hons" the other night, in <• >niio.-tion with 111,! discussion concerning the employment ,,f Kanaka labour in Oueensland "This Parliament was elected to govern Victoria, and ha,I quite enough to ito." A candid confession : but if Mr. To yJnr had. instead of say inn "quite enough In ,ln.'' said "quite euough hi t,til; .1 /..>.</ ho would havo hit tho (ui-get of truth fair in tin- centre. Mr. l.'iehard Hiker -its ,,n Ministers. -.M-nl really there is 110 Dick of' any unfrii'iiillv feelings, ill,•oil.,•]• owes a .llvi,].-.i fealty 111! side of tho Alison to suspect But tho Lowan lio is a sworn friend of Mr. Speight. as well as a supporter of till' ii.)V,'riiin,'iit. Very likely hi- honestly believes in I",til. Hut we know tin' ol,I maxim almut. tlii- impossibility of wrving both Ho,J an'l iiiaiiiiiion. Wo don't moan to say Hint the (-.'ovcrnment is a god or tlint. Mr. Speight is iiiaiiiiiion. Oh. 110! Hut they are just about as wide asunder, mid 110 man 1 iin<_ n . n-it even Mr. liicha.rd Baker. i:an support both. lion Mr. Hakor gave notice of J11r-- million for this wool; it, was spun (.hat tho Opposition have resolved to do all thoir ,jij-i?i.-f fighting of till' Government through Gove .-iiji]).,r(,ts. Tho niovo is a ^ood onn. Till' (ii'M 110-1',uifidencc motion of the session w as ino\ o.'l 011 Thursday of lust week, when Sir. Mlnlyro asked I ho House to set aside the Governniem onlor of busine.-s. and follow him ill a policy of " eooivion " on (lie .Stool; Tax. Mr. M'lntyre hadn't (ho ghost of a show ill carrying his motion. ICvi-rylioilv knew if. . Hut it was a peg on which certain members .,f the Opposition would make a display ao-.iiiHt tin- Ministry.. And poor M'Imyre. who has surprisingly little mother wit. was a eoiiveiiieiH tool iii the. hands ef others. If it, did nothing else, argued the Opposition, it. would increase 1 he discontent in the Ministerial Corner, where M'lntyre sits. It was a fizzle. It is past. Tin 1 id vote of nti leuee a Iso >-a 111c from the Ministerial Corner. Mr. Hater this time is t!io Opposition ,-atspaw. He moved Hint till' e;i11 -e hot lie,01 the Ministry and (he ox- 1'oiiiiiiissiiuier of Railways should lie invest igal,-d and adjudicate,! 011 hv a Select Committee. Poor Mr. linker was a tool without knowing it. just as Mlnt.yrc was. He strongly believed in his own motion. 110 doiiht ; and he ntiercd some nol,],. platitudes in support of it. Ilritish fair play ' Give every man a fail- trial: Hear both sides ' .And so 011.' Tho (ruth of the maxims is undeniable, but. the simjile mail didn't see 1 hat the truths were not applicable. Xohody wants to do an injustice to Mr. Bpeighl. or to denv him his hearing, or twenty hearings. Hut the fiict 1.1 tiiat it is not the Commissioners win, are now on their trial, it is the Government. Tiic Commissioners have boon tried and condemned li ng sine liv their constitutional judges, the Ministry. They had their iiea.-ins all last, year. They pleaded (lieircause in their " Correspondence." Thev jileaded if again through the I'hairinau at Cue bar of the Couucil. And for the last four months the.v have been pleading it 011 official memoranda and Press interviews. Their defence has lieeu made as treijuenlly as tile Government accusation They he;irdod the Ministry or the day. They did it with their eyes open. Thev felt safe in doing it. because, everybody wiled it: a. - .Stop Gap Ministry." The Stoji Gap Ministry .judged, condemned and rcinoved (hoiu under its constit utional power, and then threw itself 011 the country to be judged in t urn for what it had done. We know the rest. The eoimlry jlidded that, it had done wisely and well, and sent in a Parliament to sustnin it. Mr. Speight, like a oambler, had ventured evejythiiisr 011 tho Inst hazard of the die -a c-eneral election, lie has lost, and he now wants to change the. ve.iiui! and have his trial all over njjain. Hut Mr. Baker has made a miscalciilation. There can he no second trial of the ex-Coimnissioiiers. The only trial now is 1 lie trial of the Ministry, anil whon he moved his motion lie was playing the Opposition •Mi m- under a cover of an appeal for "(airplay," and all the rest of it. Truth to sav, the Opposition tactics ore {food, linker, too, will be defeated, hut his defeat will Iirike another sound occupant of the Ministerial There lot. F iifjht. in tho present House. .M inyta^e means to bo a thorn in tho side of the Harpers and Staiisjhtons. It looks funny to see this yoiine scion of the old sijuatters setting himself dead against (he old Conservatives. Hut so it. is. Arnivtaije seems almost to havo forgotten that heiiad a " •jrandfathiir," though Donreminded him of it the other night. iiiilies sits silent, and utters not a word when he can avoid it. Patterson is the same. Pattersou is perhaps the most disappointed man to day in politics, lie has been waiting thirty years for that Premiership. It is further otl' than ever. The following lines were discovered ir. the reporter's gallery by the sweeper: - Jim diddle diddle, j.rav answer this riddle, How T. li. got into the chair:- Why all tho House laughed as if it was fun, When a Hank movement seated him (here? Hey diddle diddle, l he House's in a giggle, As Tom's nurse litts up a lono- spoon, To I liiui with matter, that, mad as a hatter. He might: not: 1 ry to jump over the moon. Hc.v iliddle diddle, the A,,.! played the fiddle, And the .•;(«« rattled iis bones. Alarmed at the sound, Tom slipped around To tin' chair—and leisurely yawns. 0 diddle diddle, now Tom plays the fiddle, The A'ji' shakes its inarrowless bones 1 The .limits is liiiife. except on (lie. flute, And too-toos in sorrowful tones. A Ki:wsi'Ai'i:i: telegram informs us that Sncci, since his latest fasting feat, ims become insane. It. does not defino tho condition .,j his mind previous to his embarking upon his unnatural undertaking. Hut perhaps that was too obvious already, anil (he one piece of information emall. A i'Oi.ick ronri story from Sydney :—Kx-atniniug Constable (o Witness.—" What is your occupation >" Witness.—" What's that In do with you?" " You must answer (lie question." " Well, lam a carpet merchant." " I>o yon remember coming over from North Shore hist night:-" " 1 nothing—it was my birthday yesterday." Tai.kinu about the. tightness of (he markul an uji-country editor says that he called upon the manager of a hank lately and asked hiui for an ovm-draft. and that (he manager of the bank as a rejily put his hand in a drawer and pulled out, a revolver. The editor, as far as we can gather from tho tone of his remarks, appears to have been surprised, ll't are not. We are only surprised that the bank manager didn't produce a Mitrailleuse. A nK)>OJiTi'.ii. sent to interview Lord Glasgow, returned to his ollice and wrote up a column of what lie thought stylish literature. It began : " There is (hat something ahout his lordship, that je 11c mil's qnoi, which makes the person privileged to stand in his lordship's presence feel that the old nobility of England are the true rremi' dc I11 crcmc of the best civilisation. The sparkle of his eye, the graceful motions of his hands ." The editor having read thus far touched the gong. The after revelations showed that the scribe had not been with his lordship at all, hut in the pull, at the corner. lint hurst way (here is a place with (he poetical name of Walleraivang. And (here is also an alleired horsestealer with th« also poelical name of Arthur Sullivan (mini's (he Sir). This youth, captured by a. constable named O'Connor, managed to escape, lie was re-arrested ami brought back. hut. so puzzled were the police that a constable, thinking il couldn't be done, asked young Sullivan to show him how he got- awav. He did. Sullivan again shot over f he fence and "ot away, but there, some folks, especially consfabh's, are never satisfied. John !•;. Ai-ukbv. Ksij.. Sut'ala. X.S.W., kindly furnishes the following testimony.— " In.January 1S71I, I was master in a provisional school in (he Western District, and I married a delicate young lady, and was shortly,-iftenvards appointed teacher under the Hoard of Education. Our first child was born in September; lsstl, after which my wife never seemed to regain her u=un) strenctli 111 May, 1SH1, she was suddenly taken ycWi!!, the faniiljf .doctor was sent for, and was greatly puzzled. He. however, prescribed, and the patient partly raepv&wj;: About twelve months later she was very-lunch troubled with a paiuful throbbiiv movement in tile abdomen, especially when lyiu" down, loss of appetite, and what food v/as taken afforded no nourishment. Another doctor was called in, who sounded and prescribed, hut to no purpose. We left, the neighbourhood and went to Hithgoiv Valley, hoping to ell'oet an improvement, hut. without result. Another doctor did ail he could, and decided that the case was one of enlargement, of the liver, and this proved to be the case, and (he side sometimes swelled so large as to prevent dressing: so malters progressi"l, and got from had to worse. Numerous doctors continued to do hut little good, and that onlv tompoiary, hut all agreed that the system was generally weak and wanted building up, and tho liver would sometimes swell and burst oil' button after button oil' her nlster while standing in a store. For the lust two years the (rouble has been complicated with a most distressing rushing noise in the head, so violent as to render it impossible to lie in bed at night, with violent attacks of wimvy colic, causing complete pn,s(ration and excoriation of the throat. Eventually, after further sulfering, 1 read of Clements' Tonic and its wonderful eli'ects, and sent: for a bottle. The first dose was too strong for the debilitated stomach. I diluted it, widi water, and gradually iucreased it as the stomach could 'near it. Mrs. Aubrey has now taken throe bottles, and the effect is most marvellous; the swelling has entirely disappeared, and the waist is reduced by seven inches. The eyesight is renewed and strengthened, and the appetite returned, the noise in the head diminished, and to use my wife's own words, • Language utterly fails to describe the relief and benefit she has experienced by the use of only three bottles of Clements' Tonic.' I consider Clements' Tonic the most palatable and effective medicine 1 have ever used in either England, India, Africa or Australia " 