AT THIE CATHIEDIAL.. About 2 o'clock the people commenced to gther in the vicinity of the cathedral eround,, and for an hour the stream con tinues to pour in so quickly that the whole of the area was densely crowded, and large numbers of people tok possession of the higih lands surrounding the Pro- Cathedral, from whence a splendid vioew of the proces sion was obtained. A largo body of police, under Sergeadnt N'Vuoe, were on duty at the gat?s and in the area of tha now cathedral,t so that although vehialoe of all descriptions dashed up to the entranoo at short inte;rvals, no confusion ooourred, as they were driven away in order. An immense and very fashionable assemblage centrod on and around the brickwork of the new building, and the various scaffolding poles and other uprights were ornamented with handsome streamers and beautiful flags. The portion of the building in which the foundation stone stands is about 30ft by 20ft in dimension, and by the time his Excelloeny the Governor, the leading officore of the; Masonic order, and the clergy had entered, the place was filled. The flooring was covered with a rich carpet, and a handsome Masonic pedestal and a small table bearing a number of Masonio implements occupied the centre. The surrounding dwarf walls were oc* cupied by a very large gathering of ladies, who, owing to the elevation of their positions, were enabled to socure an excellent view of the proceedings. At the western corner a large platform was erected, on which the members of Obrist Church choir took their stand. An American organ was placed in a convenient posilian here, and the choral port of the service was therefore very pleasingly rendered. Mr. A. J. Baber acted as conductor, and Mr. E. Bach.Xicg filled the post of organist. The 4th Reeiment Band bended the procecsion to the building, aod the choir, followed by His Excellency the Governor, the Bishops, the Masonic brothren, and the clergy, then entered. When all had taken their places, the Bishop of Nwceastle, standing in the centre of the other bishops, with the W.M. the Grand Master (Lord Jersey) and his Grand oflfcero on his right hand, commenced the service as follows: Our KIelp is in the Name of the Lord, Who made heaven and earth. O Lord, hear our prayer i And let our cry come unt, thee. The name of the Lord be praised, From this time forth for overmore. Alleluis. The Lord be with you, And with thy soirit. He (the Bishop) then offered up prayer, and the choir sang Psalm 84. The Bishop of Bathurst followed by reading a beautiful prayer. He then said : Behold I lay in Zion a chief corner stone elect precious, And he that believoth in Him shall not be confounded. The stone which the builders refused eIs become the headstone of the corner. This is the Lord's doing; And it is marvellous in our eyes. Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, Which is Jesus Christ. Praise ye the Lord. The Lord's name be praised. The Masonic brethren then rendered the beautiful hymn: Hail, Eternal, by whose aid All created things were made; Heaven and earth Thy vast design Hear us, Architect Divine. May our work begun in Theo, Ever blest with order be. And may we, when labours cease, Part in harmony and peace. By Thy glorious Majesty, By the trust we place in Thee, By the badge and Mystic sign Hear us, Architect Divine. His Excellency the Govasnon next stepped forward. is Most Worshipful Grand Master of the United Grand Masonio Lodge, and said: "Men, women, and children here as sembled to.day to behold this ceremony, know all of you that we be lawful Free. masons, true and faithful to the laws of our country, and engaged by solemn obligations to erect magnificent buildings, raised for the benefit of mankind and the glory of the Great Architect of the Universe. That we have amongst us secrets, concealed from the eyes of all men who are not Freemeasons, which cannot be divulged, but that those secrets are lawful and honourable, and not repugnant to the laws of God or man. They were entrusted in peace and honour to the Freemasons of anoient times, and have been faithfully transmitted to us, and that it is our duty to convey them unimpaired to the latest posterity; un less our craft were good and our calling honourable, we should not have lasted for so many centuries, nor should we have been honoured with the patronoge of so many illustrious men in all ages, who have ever shown themselves ready to promote our interests, and to defend us against all adversaries. We are assembled here in the presence of you all, to erect a house for the worship and praise of the Most High, which I pray that God may prosper as it seems good to Him. And as the first duty of Freemasons in every undertaking is to invoke His bless. ing, I call upon you to join our G. Chaplain in an address to the Throne of Grace." The Rev. P. FITZGsBB?LD, a Grand Ohap lain of the Masonio Lodge, delivered a very impressive prayer, the responses to which were uttered by the Masonio brethren. The foundation stone was next raised about 2ft by a large block and tackle and lowered about Sin, after which two verses of the hymn "O, Lord of Hosts, whose glory fills" were rendered by the choir. When this was concluded" Lord "Jeraey moved forward and said:--" I now declare it to be my will and pleasure that the foundation stone of this Cathedral be laid. The Grand Treasurer will deposit the vial containing coins of the realm and docu mente in the cavity prepared for them." Bro. Evans, Grand Treasurer of the Masonio Body, then placed a handsome brases barrel, contasiining the coins, local paper, list of the church officials, Maseonio officers, nod others taking part in the ceremony, in a cavity under the foundation stone, and Mr. C. H. Hannell announced that a paper bear. ing the following had also been included: "T'his rstono was laid as the foundation stone of the cathedral of the diocese of New castle, and the church of the parish of Christ Church, and dediaostoed to the glory of God, under the name of Christ Church, by the Eight Honourable His Excellency the Earl of Jersey, X.O.M.G., Governor of the colony of New South Wales, Most Worship ful Grand M?strer of United Grand Lodge of Now South Wales, on the second day of June, in the year of our Lord eighteen hun. dred and ninety.two; assisted by the most reveruend the Bishop of Sydney Primate and Metropolitan, the right reverend the Bishoo of Bathurst, Grand Ohaplain, and the ofi. cere and brethren of the Grand Lodge of Noew South Wales, and of Lodge St. George of Newcastle. The Right Reverend George Henry Stanton, D.D., being bishop of the diocese; Arthur Edward Selwyn, incumbent of the parish, together with William B. White and Lovick Tyrrell, being oanons of the cathedral, Sydney J. O. Grime. being ourato; Edward Parnoll, William F. Weath. erill, Jamns D. Jones, being churchwardens; Joseph Wood, Thomas Olack, Clarence H. Hannoll, William B. Sharp, William R. Logan, William 8. Wells, William J. Gil. lam, Milton B Anderson, membors of the Parochial Council; Arthur E. Selwyn, Ed. ward Parnell, Oharles F. Stokes, Froderick Ash, trustees of the site; J. Horbury Hunt, architect; John Strsub, contractor; presi. dent of the:building committee, Right Rev. Dr. Stanton, bishop of the diocese; honorary treasurers, Joseph Wood, William J. Gillam, 'Thos. OClack; honorary seoretary, Olarence H. Huannell; assistant secretary, Sydney 0. J. Grime. 'Other Foundation can no men lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' " Asdother hymn was next sung, and Lord Jersey took a beautiful silver trowel and spread the cement, whereupon the stone was lowered into its place, and was tested in the usual emblemutio way by the D.G.M., the S.G.W., and the. J.G.W., eaoh of whom deolared that the oraftsmen had skilfully and faithfully performed their duty, and that the Atone was well formed, trusty and correctly laid. A ohant having been rendered, his Excellency was handed a ret of plaes of the building by Mr. Straub, the contractor, and after examining them he returned them saying :-" I plaeo in your hands the plens of the intended building. not doubting your ability and skill as a craftrman; anrl I desire that you will prcc.ed without less of time with completion of the work, in cenformity with the plans and deetene now entrunted to you." The D.G.M., S.G.W., and J.G.W. then came forward in turn and planed corn as an emblem of plenty, wine as an emblem of joy and gladoees, and oil as aa emblem of peece and harmony upon ths atone. 'The Besuor of Bathurot extending his right hand gave the following invooatisn : " May the bounutous Author of Nature bless the innabitants of this place with an abund. ance of the necessaries, conveniences, and nomforts of life; may Ho assist in the erec. tion and completion of this building; may He probect the workmen against accident; may He over preserve the structure from decay, and may He grant to us all a supply of the corn of nourishment, the wioe of refreshment, and the oil of joy," and his Excellency the Governor said:-" Having, my eight worshipful bre. thren, full confldence is your skill in our Royal art, it remains with me now to fllseh this our work." He then received a mallet from the Bishop of Newcastle, and kaooking the stone three times, said :-" May the Great Architect of the Universe look down with benignity upon our present undertaking, and crown the edifice, of which we have now laid the foundation, with every success. May the Lord bless us and prooper us, and may all that we do be crowned with success. Glory bh to God on high; on earth, peace and goodwill towards men." The Primate next offered up a dedication prayer. Dean Solwyn off'red a p,', -r for the Masons asd work ,ro, and th.. u..oop of Newcastle offered a prayer for coe Gits of the Holy Ghost and f,, ..t worsh'ppe,. Offerings were aftervard' ts.,ou up, which resulted in the very hawsoeme eum of £716 18e Id being collected. Of this amount the following were the larger donations: Messrs. C H Hannell, £100; Edward Cap per, £100; W. H. Greenwar, £50; Bishop Stanton, £50; Dean Selwyn, £50; Mrs. Ireland, £50; the Hon. .H. D. White, £25; Earl Jersey, £20; H. B. Cotton, £20; Mrs. Lart. £20; Mr. Joseph Wood, £15 15s; Miss Emma Kemp, £10 10; J. Jeoes, £10; Jon. Scholey, £LO.; J. Burke, £5 5,; P. Clack, £5 5s; Mrs. T. Clack, £5 5S; W. J. Gillam, £5; Captain Hacling, £5 Se; F. F. and C. Par nell, £5 ; E. and E. B. Parnell, £5; E. Hud. son, £5 5s; Rev. S. C. J. Grime, £5 5s; Edward Parnell, £5 5s; the Primate, £5; Miss Lart, £5; Mr. J. rMair, £5 5s; Mirs. Blarkiston, £5; Mr. W. E. White, .5; Mrs. O. Richardeon, £5; and H. Finch, £5. £hoes sum, were principally deposited on the stone, and the sums placed in the colleetion.boxes realised about £100. This was exclusive of donations from the Masonic brethren, and a number of subscriptions amounting to about £100, which will be paid within the noex two years. The ceremonial was brought to a conclu sian by the singing of the "Te Doum Laudamus." 