A FARlEIVWLE MISSION MfEETING. Last evening a numerous congreoation assembled in the Patterson-street Wesleyan Chureh,to hear a farewell address from the Venerable Rev. John Watsford, prior to his return to Victoria (per steamer to day). After a hymn had been sung and prayer offered, MIr Watsford read a portion of James v., and afterwards delivered a fervent address on soul- saving, in which he onoveyed much valuable advice and practical instruction. Some of them had been lately converted, and others were now fully consecrated. If they wanted to do right they mnst try to save others. Every Christian must do it; it was a part of religion. Christ said," Go, work to day in my vineyard.': Let them not hinder or keep back young converts. To the young he would say, do be Bible readers and be often alone with God every day. They must find time for prayer They must, also, be very par-. ticular how they Qealt with people. They must specially avoid speaking evil of people. They must be willing to take a back positioun-to be anything or nothing. They must keep steadily to their work, and be prepared for hard work, opposition, and persecution. God had helped him to keep to his early resolve-to aim at being a soul.saving minister. Then there must be not alone personal effort, but united pFayer and work-banding together for this purpose. The peverend gentle man's address was a most earnest 4ppeal for whole-hearted service, and it was happily and forcefully illustrated by several experiences in the Watsford work in England, Fiji, etc. le closed by oar nestly praying that God would cause a great work of grace tobe wrought in Laun ceston. Rev. G. T. IIeyward in a soneise address spoke of the spirit of unity which had marked the efforts of the local clergymen of late. Yet all that was as nothing com pared with what would be experienced, A set praying band was now agreed to plead that they might all be truly filled with the Holy Ghost. The ministera' meeting was to beconme a permanent thing. He prayed them to let the ministers haly their loving sympathy. He longed to see their Church of England brethren joining with the other ministers, and he warmly endorsed Mir Watsford's advice as to form ing praying bands. The young people must guard against getting into a spirit of judgc ing people i rather, lot eaph esteem others better than himself. Oonverts should re= port themselves to their own pastors, and work amongt their own people. They must take care to avoid the fault-finding spirit, and gpur each other on in love and goed-doing, and so wordlingc would be preven-ted from scornfully condinning them, lHe earnestly entreated that God would really unite s~erUlora 0o all the churches in seeking to promote His glory, The meetini$ was lthen closod with devo tional exerolsa. 