POIilTIOAL. & SOCIÁIi NOTES. AVOXDEH of wonders 1 Mr, THOMAS WAIKER, M.LvA.,' lui» become ii. lecturer, on .Temper- ance. Ho luis played sonic strange parts in his tinie. His mst' appearance' In Sydney was as a trance orator,'and iii' that'capacity he humbugged a * considerable 'number !of very intclligeiitniien. Having, worked,the trance business for nil it was worth,' he threw it aside, and became a .preacher of 'Secularism ; pit ls, dress circle 2s. ; T heard several of his attucks on ? Christianity, and thought they were the, weakest, ns ¡well, ns the most vulgar,- that,had .ever been ¡deli- vered. .Next, tho valiant 'THOMA'S appeared in the political arena as ono of the' members for Northumberland ;-. but ho'has been less successful in that role than he,was in either of the, .other two. . He spoke frequently, but his speeches consisted mostly ot, sound and fury. One.could hear hiina couple of. hnh "dred yards <iff, and there' is niit a. Mingle, musical note in his voice.: ?Without anatom of influençai he is' as great a political failure ns tho country has known for a long tluie.' Dinuxo the Inst Parilàuient' ho often drank a. great deal more than was good for him, and during the present Parliament the habit of'intempérance grew upon bini. '. As ymir renders are: aware; it brought,hini;iiot,ioiig agu into serious trouble. .Whilst;iii a siate of intoxication, he accidentally shot ii clergy- man of the Cnn'reh of ''England; ''That accident thoroughly, frightened: him,-1 and whilst he was under the inilunnce ¡of ,t.his fear, he forswore tho. drink. That was com- mendable ; but it wius not enough' for Mr. AVÁLICEU to take the pledge ; ho determined to take to tho platform ns an, inpostlo of Temperance. Any other person inliis place would have waited for several inonths.hcfore testifying against grog, and warning moder- ate 'drinkers that they were in danger' of ruining' both their bodies ? mid ' souls!; ho would have given his temperance ¡principios a fair test, before posing, as. an enemy .of whisky. i " V Two Years agí i one of ! the Sydney pupers published 1 a series of articles about, the privnto bars in the city, the object of which was to,show*that sonic of these, places were dens of" immorality., People talked about the: articles for a few days,' and* then the subject was forgotten. The same paper has now produced another series of articles ,on the savoury topic, but they have been worked ii]» so indifferently that they have excited more ridicule than virtuous indignation; We ' nil know that a few or the private bars-a dozen or so-are run for immoral purposes ; but how is this ovil to be cured -' Should the private bar be abolished ? If lt were, the effect would bo simply1 a change in the lóenlo of the immorality, iibt its)extinction. .Journaliste,and others: wlio try to produce a sensation concerning private bars resemble the people spoken of in Scripture who strain at gnats and swallow ctmiels. They never direct litton timi to the hundreds of un licensed establishments wherein drink is sold at high prices, and abandoned women sell themselves to all coiners. Tho latter aré pingué spots of a hideous and deadly kindi'and nioremis- chief is wrought there in a week than is accomplished in all thc private bars lu tho metropolis in a year. A liig brothel, it seems tome, isas flt an object of righteous wrath ns a small one. HIOPOET states that as soon as Parliament meets, the Leader of the Opposition will give notice of a motion of censure on the Govern- ment. I think the report is pretty feliahle. If such action is taken it will berni the osten- sible ground that Ministers have neglected the interests of the country in keeping Par- liament in recess until the end ot August ; but the real reason, of course, will be that Home of the members of the Opposition are hungering and thirsting for office. As taras C nm able to judge, there is not tho ghost of a chance of a censure motion being carried. None of the leading Free- traders,in Sydney hnve expressed a wish to see Mr! REID iii tbo position of Premier : ¡md all of them fail ' to see t hat anything would ho gained by chang- ing the Government at this time. ..The two morning papers arc in antagonism to the Ministry, lint neither of them has over given the slightest hint that it would-like to see Mr. Heid in power; in fact, they ' do not believe in him. They have, weighed him in the balances, and found him wanting. Nor can Heid humbug the working classes or the I-.ahour Party ; he lins pandered a good deal to them, but be has not convinced them that be is deeply interested : in- their welfare. .Several of the leaders of .the Opposition ure going to have a night out on Monday, on which Occasion they will explode a quantity of Chinese crackers'against the Government. Thu demonstration should be amusing.: .¡ , ,: Two estimable citizens. Messrs,.RICHARD. JOXI-S and AV. HALLIDAY, have just passed away. Both had expcrieneediips mid downs in life in Australia',' and both proved' them- selves to be men of grit. Without special advantages, they pushed their way ahead, and became real men of murk in the. com- munity. Mr. Jones tried politics fora few years, and then caine to tho conclusion that the game wns not worth tho cundle. For years before bis den th he was considered to be one of the soundest authorities in the country on mirinee in general : and certainly' he lind line 'opportunities ? for getting full information oil tho subject, for ho :was for a long timo Chairman ol' the Board of Directors of the Commercial Bank. He had a good knowledge of human nature, and if he saw; that a customer of the Bank was straight; he would stand by that man !as long ns it was possible to do so. On a certain occasion the Bank put the screw on to a-1 Sydney 'merchant, who is a capable, business mini, and has a reputation for honesty that any- body .'might- envy. Mr. Jones asked his brother directors to give this',gentleman time to reduce his liabilities; but the majority of them would not. At'last he said, "Geii-' tleinen, if you refuse the offer that has been made to you by Mr. A.,' I .shall walk out of the mom. ¡ind'will never on tor, it nguiu.", That settled the business. : They were aware that if Mr. Jones resigned his position, tho Bank would suiter in public estimation. Mr. A.. I-may remark, fully justified Mr. Jones' confidence in him, for lie fulfilled his pro-, mises to the letter. ..'/?> THE women suffraglsts'lirive causo for rejoic- ing. By a large majority thenienibersof the Brit ish Medical Association liavo decided that' women doctors limy become 'members of the body.'- Tiley hn ve held ont for a- long time,,, and iii'sd "doing acted illogically. . tor if a woman' who passes the prescribed oxaiiun' ntipns mriy'bc registered' ns a doctor, she has ns' good'ft'right ns any pbrsoivto ho admitted .. ;to membership! in, tip ussociation.of doctors,, Thefemnle members of the medical fraternity Jiavo'nn ubundancu.bf. ,self-confidç)ice.< and it anny: be I expected, that; those". ,of"t,hem ,whd 1 [become members,of tho Medical Assochulon-) I -will hustle up the mule fellows In thatSnciety. They won't fceen their! liglit under; a- bushel, or use,courtly phrases when, çriticisieg, opin- ions with, .which they, clo hot agree. Woiul'iy. like John" Brown's soul, ure marching' nlohg, und liefore'those of us: who are yoimg have prov hairs. We shall probii hly see a ie wpf thuiu in; Parlianieut.i Perhaps, also, they,,will. hy I that time have discarded feinuuhe attire in favour of the'stylc worn by'the sterner sex.-' MKSSUB O'SUI.UVAX and ROSE; M's.Ii.A., are men of ideas; but I ? cannot-say that, their ideas aro very valuable. The ancient Athen- ians,' were constantly desii-ous of hearing some new thing ; but the member for Quean- beyan and the senior member for Argyle are constantly inventing new things, or, what is nearly similar, things that they believe are new., In Gulbourn the other evening Mr. Rose'postured as quiten wonderful refonuer; he is of the opinion 'that our scheme of gov- ernment is entirely wrong, and that he knows how to mit lt riglit. Disraeli when a young man had a very high opinion of his political abilities, but his self-conceit was insignificant .cniitpnred-with : that nf Mr. Roso.. Mr. O'Siillivan is an enthusiast, and, sometimes his enthusiasm swamps his reason. Ho ha's actually proposed '.that ii State Bank should he' established. Und that it 'should lend, money" to land-owners at ' two' per¡ cent, on the- security of their properties. ..'He meets-the difficulty us to where the State .could get money to lend itt this rate; by sug- gesting that it issue notes. There would be' nothing to represent these notes except, the land; givon ; as .security, for the loans; . It niight have ogcurrod ,to Mr. O'Sullivan; th'nt if the State could help t he farmers and squat-! térs in' this 'inahner. it could also provide for its bwriwaitts in a similar way. ' And all the' -TR1I.Y8UIIKH-would ha ve todo when he wanted money to build a railway would be. to issue notes representing a million of pounds; Mr. O'Sullivan's financial ideas are beautifully simple, but' unfortunately for his réputation they ait! also snpromely ridiculous. -',; . 