INDIAN GHOST DANCE. In the Euuimrille Courier, Lieutenant jM'Cartliy says" The tradition of an Indian ghost dance has heen frequently explained, but it still retains its interest. I It is a tradition with theIndians that | lOiice a jiriiiuess while wandering in the woods was conceived of a child, which was of divine origin. She returned to camp, and the, birth of the child was proclaimed from tribe to tribe. The oc casion of its birth was celebrated by sea sons of festivity. .Fearing that the young child would grow to; ■ manhood and be possessed of .too much iuflucnee, several Indian medicine men decided to put to death the princess and child. On enter ing the camp of the princess they were confronted by the child, who had sud denly grown to nnudiobd, aiul who stood in defence of his mother's life. Eealis mg tins miraculous or divine act, the medicinemen repented of their sin's,mid wore afterwards devout followers of the princess and sou, who fought ■ all their battles victoriously. Before the death of Messiah, as their tradition teaches, he gathered together the various Indian tribes, and told them of Ills second com ing. He said that before ho again ap peared on earth, railroads, big stove houses would bo built, and the white mail, who would steal all of their lands, besides being very cruel,, would come among them. The second coming of the Messiah for the purpose of extcrniinntiug the whites and reclaiming their lost land has for years been expected by the:In dians. The direct cause of the recent Indian hostilities was virtually brought on by the ghost: dance, which spread rapidly over the entire reservation. Pre vious to the up rising of Indians a group of medicine men; were in communication with the Messiah, who appeared in a cloud. As,a proof of his being, lien held in liis hand a saucer;of water,: of which all; drank,'and; their thirst was appeased, syefc the saucer;, was; still full of wuter.Tho alleged experience of this group of medicine men was sent to the many,: In dian' 'tribes, and the . ghost dance was immediately inaugurated as-a conse quence. The mere announcement that the Messiah was- coming affected over 700 or S00 ; Indians; Moil i often, like maniacs, would run from the camp for miles to meet the Great Spirit which they thought had'oonje.", : : 