A' READER'S GLEANINGS. , All are born to obsorvo order, but few aro born to establish it. — Jouhcrt, These two things, contradictory as they may seem, must go together, miuily dopoiidoneo and manly inde pendence, manly rolianoo and manly Bolf-relianco. — Wordsworth, I am willing to work, but I want work that I can put my heart into, and feel that it does me good, no matter how hard it is. — Louisa M. Alcott. To find fault, someone may say, is oasy, and in every man's power; but to point out tlio proper course to bo pursued in tho presont circumstnncos, AIental Activity During Sleef. — A remarkable instance of mental activity during sleep is given in Aborerombio's well-known work on 'Tlio Intolloctual 1'owors.' An eminent lawyor hnd been consulted respecting a caso of great importance nnd much diffi culty, and had been studying it with intense anxiety nnd attention. Aftor several dnys had been occupied in this manner ho was obsorved by his wife to rise out of bed in the night and go to a writing-table which Blood in the bed-room, lie then sat down nnd wrote a long paper, which ho put carefully by in tho desk, and returned to bed, Tlio following morning ho told kis wife that he had had a most interesting dronm : that he had dreamt of delivering a clear and luminous opinion respecting a caso which had oxtrcnioly puzzled him, and that lie would give anything to recover the tram of thought which had passed before him in Iris dream. She then directed him to tho writing-desk, whero ho found the opinion clenrly nnd fully written out, nnd which was afterwards found to bo perfectly accurate. Within the Earth. — What, is inside tlio earth ? Atetals, the materials of rocks— about tlio same tilings, in short, that wo find on its surface, except plants and animals. But in what condition aro those minerals that lio deep in the earth, clear down to its very centre ? In what proportions do thoy exist ? lias our planet a metallic core, where iron and silver nnd gold abound in marvellous profusion? I9 the earth simply encased in a solidified crust, underneath whicli is an ocean, a globular ocean, of molten matter, or aro there only fiery lakes of molted rock that supply vol canoes with lava, whilo tho great mass of the globe is solid to the core ? 'These aro some of tho interesting questions that men have asked about tho world on wIiobc surface they dwell. Alost of them remain still without any decisive answer. It is no longer genorally believed, as it once was, that tho central parts of the globe are wholly composed of melted rock, but jiiBt what tho condition of things is there nobody knows. The groat difficulty is that we cannot dig deep enough to find out, for tlio deepest mines nnd artesian wolls aro, after al!, but insignificant punctures in tho outer riud of tho globe. Ono fact does seem to bo estab lished : Tho deopor yon go tho warmer it gots. An important contribution to our knowledge on this subject comes from tho deep woll that is being driven at Wheeling in West Virginia, in tho United States. The facts ascertained there woro tho subject of a report to the American Association for tho Advance ment of Science at its session last August. Tho well, which is a little lesB than five in-hes in diameter, is now about 4500 feet deop, and it is hoped to niake it at least a mile deep. Thermometers are lowered into the woll, which, fortunately for science, is perfectly dry, and the '??emperatiire is thus taken at various depths. At the depth of 1350 feet the temperature is 68*75 deg. ; at 2375 feet it is 79*2 dog. ; at 3375 feet it is 92*1 dog. ; at 4375 feet it is 108*4 deg. ; and at 4462 feet it is 110*2 deg. It will be obsorved that tho temperature goes on increasing faster and faster the deepor tho »C.li glAO. .AUI IIUIillllOU, uroiLRWU an if descent, from 2375 feetto 3375 feet is about 13 deg., vhile the increase in the 1000 feet from 3375 feet to 1375 foot is more than 16 deg. If tlio heat should go in increasing in a similar progression, a depth would icon bo reached whero every solid substance would be nelted. Fossibly if the driving of the well were con .inued such a place would lie found ; but that would lot prove that tho same condition of things exists ivcrywliero under the earth's crust, becauso deep wells lave boon driven in other parts of tho world which iliow different rates of increaso in tho heat. The in lication is that there is a particularly hot spot in tho larth under Wheeling. Heroism in Plain Dituss. — At one moment in tho jinttlo of Waterloo Wellington was loft alono, his rides-do-canip having all been sont with messages to Efferent, parts of tho field. He-was sorely in need of 1 messenger, nnd looked around anxiously, when a jentloirian in plain clothes rode up to him, saying, ' Can I be of any use, sir?' Wellington, looking him over, 'said; ' Yes. 'lake this note to the commanding officer over there,' pointing to a part of the field whero the battle was hot and tierce. Tho gentleman nt once gallopod off, rodo through the thick of tho fight, and delivered the note. After tlio battle tho d ako made long and anxious inquiry, but he never found out to ?whom ho was indebted for that special service. ' I consider it,' snid lie, in tolling tho anondoto to Lord Shaftesbury, 'one of the most gallant deeds thnt over came under niy notico, for tlio gentleman wiio did it could have had 110 pro spect, of reward or honour.' Tho deed recalls Shakespeare's oulogy ou 'Tlio constant service of tlio antique world, When service sweat for duty, not for tnoed.' We cannot, look, however imperfectly, upon a groat man, without gaining something by him. He is the living light-fountain which it is good nnd pleasant to be near. The light which enlightens, which has en lightened tho darkness of the world; and this not as a kindred lamp only, but rather as a natural luminary shining by the gift of heaven ; a flowing light-fountain, as I say, of native original insight, of manhood and heroic nobleness, in whose radiance all souls feel it is well with them. — Curlylc. There are thincs that never could grow familiar. Daybreak is one. JTbore is always mystery about it. It is ]iko_spiui»g'to life again after death. You have beeruawuy, you don't know whore, and you come back to the (world ; and when you find it ns it is now — belonging almost to yourself, all tlio other people ns good as out of it — it is very strange. No, X am not afraid of becoming too faurilinr with beautiful things. — William Black. Why destroy present happiness by ajjakuxt.inisory, which may never come at ail, or yotiiiiay never live to see it? For every substantial griot lias 20 shadows, and most of them shadows of your own making. — Sydney Smith. J Haiht, if wisely and skilfully fg/med, becomes truly a second nature, as the common saying is; but unskil fully and unmethodically directed, it will bo, as it wore, tho ape of Nature, which imitates nothing to tho life, but only clumsily and awkwardly. — Bacon. Those who havo a will to learn find tho world full of teachers. Spooks in China. — Thoy havo curious ways of dealing with their 'spooks' in China. Even when a ghost lias passed ' to where beyond these voices there is ponce,' there isnotalivays peace for him in Cathay. For inBtanco, thoro was the late Goncrnl Ma Ju Lung, who passed a somewhat exciting career in the flesh ns alternately a loader of rebel and Imperial troops in tlio great Yi'mnan revolt 20 years ago. After his death a fow of Ma's old frionds thought it would plonso his ghost if he were promoted, and they memorialised tho Emperor to that cffoct. His Majesty kindly ordered that a temple should be erected in Ma's honour, nnd that tho historiographer iniporiul should compile a record of Iris ex ploits. But soon after some other public-spirited persons wrote to Pokin to say that Ma's conduct had not been such ns to entitle hiui to theso honours. It appeared tlmt in youth he had been a loafing, idle follow, who had disgracofully failed in his examina tions nnd had boon very remiss in iris attendance at tlio joss-liouso. The shocked Emperor promptly ordered Ma's ghost to bo degraded, so that now I10 will liavo no temple. It is true that ho hns hnd his obituary ' done ' by tho Court newsman ; but there is no satisfaction in that. What a Chinese spook likes is a temple, to which tho pious can bring votive offer ings of rice, and cake and fried puppies, and other tilings of a grntoful and substantial character. De prive him of theso solid consolations, and you may writo volumes in his praise, or wear tho nattiest mourning, and you will not comfort him. The Luxury op Woe. — Tho luxury' of woo is a phraso by which poets havo ondeavourod to define that feeling of real enjoyment of sorrow which is experienced by many women and by somo men. There nre certain persons, particularly in the humbler walks of life, who positively lovo to dilate upon their boron ve- inents. At times liko this, when there is hardly a family which lias not to Iamont tho loss of somo rolativo or friend, theso persons aro thoroughly in their oloment. Thoy will, at tho smallest symptom of con dolence, ontor into tho wholo history of thoir troubles, rehenrse tlio catnloguo of their losses, and dwell with what in any othor connection would be called gusto upon tho most painful details of illness. Death has apparently fow terrors for tho poor, for thoy discuss hiB advont with a froodom which to more gontly-nurturod ears seoms alinoBt irreverent, but which is really tho outcomo of constant familiarity. Griof is to them ono of their fow luxuries, and thoy enjoy it to the full. Wiiitstaiilf. Natives. — Epicures, who will.be con tent with nothing short of a real ' Wlritstablo nalivo,' must not object to pay a high price for tlio gratification of thoir taste. During the soason theso dolicaoies, without leaving any largo profits to tho fishmonger, are worth 3s. 6d. per dozon. Only 60 years ago, howovor, Wlritstablo oysters sold at 19s. a busliol ; nnd ovon 20 years since tho pricos were so moderate thnt an oyBter-siippor in which 'natives' figured was by no moans rognrdod asan oxtravnganeo. In thoso good old jtimos comparatively few of tlio bivalves were carried to London othor than by boats. A regular licet of swift, well-manned boats- ran between Whitstablo and Billingsgate, 