A STORMY EVENING ON THE TOOWOOMBA RANGE. By E. J. H. I " What price the storm ?" sang out a railway porter standing at the door of the lamp-room at Toowoomba station, as he rubbed his hands with some cotton waste Tho whirling rod di'st roso nloft and looked all the rodder for tho background of murk} storm-cloud, w hich grow darker as it nd v anced Tho porter smilod patronismgly on mo as I ducked bohmd a projecting wall to osoapo a vicious fling of dust and gravel, whioh the wind canght up and dohberatoly aimod at my faoo "Bill!" ho shouted to a sorol}-tried individual who has " enguio-dm cr " writ largo all over his porson, and who, half bunded by tho dust, staggors from across tho road into tho station budding, carrying in his hand a small bundin and billycan , " Bill, you'll want your odskinB to-night " Thon ho mutters scarco audibly, " What a storm wo'ro going to havo !" A Hush of chum lightning, a streak of livid fire, bisects tho dark cloud, and tho station buildings quiver and shako as from tho stress of the blast, and m a fow seconds rattlo to tho reechoing thundor-olap All tho way from Woolangara, on the Queens- land border, tho country had presented a fair appearance Tho Darling Downs was as a funding garden Tho broad furrow ploughed on either sido of tho Uno as a firo-broak bad disclosod rich black moidd contrasted with green, springy turf After passing Gowno Junotion the ojo had ranged oror fino orchards and verdant vogotablo gardons, and long before this pomt was reached wo had boen greeted with the beauty of standing corn, and m many of tho fields the reapors woro at work, and the hot bnght sun of tho first blush of a Queensland summer had lent its glory to tho harvest In somo of tho fio'da a Btnp of wheat had boon Bown botwoon strips of lucerne, nnd now displayed a broad band of gold bordered on either sido by tendercst green-a feast of ox qntsite colour The atmosphere had been luminous and olear, the streams and creeks had shimmered and w inked in tho strong bnght glare, and horso and cattle roaming at largo in tho woll-grassod paddocks had boen well content to sock shade be- neath tho nearest clump of trocs Only towards sundown had tho atmosphoro become sultry and opprossivo, and wo wore in Bight of tho township of Toowoomba whon wo first noticed a sullen gathering of storm clouds in tho far south-east As our tram backod into tho Toowoomba station at 6 in tho evening it waa met by tho whirling olouds of rod dust and sand aforesaid, and it tromblod perceptibly beneath the first breath of tho tempest The passengers got out on tho platform , somo went to tho rofrosh men-troom and had their tea, while others strolled up and down after tho manner of pooplo tired by a long railway journey, and ono heard suoh remarks as " By Jov o, wo shall got it just aswoBtart," " Yes, wo shall havo it properly, " " Look at that green cloud, that means had, and plenty of it " And indeed the oncoming storm-clouds had assumed that dirty grcon tango which to Queens- land fruitgrowers but too often presages tho ruin of thou* harvest Hailstorms aro novor pleasant things anywhoro, but in Queensland thoy aro ex pononoes to bo remembered " I mind mo a hailstorm m Brisbano last summer," says an occu- pant of tho smoking ourringo at the ond of tho train, " whon an awful lot of stock wore Jailed all over tho country, andallthofrrutdostroyed- knocked off tho branches, and the branches and trees thomsolves broken down and killed In Bnsbano the bolts and breakaways was a sight, I can tell you , for tho horses go mad with fright I ro mombor seeing a light American waggon and two horses, without tho dnvcr, going at full gallop down tho stroot, tho horses frantic with terror And ycr know, whon it halls about theso parts, tho galvanized iron is all perforated as though búllete havo beon firod through it, and I'vo Boen veran- dahs"-"Oh, wo know all about that," in- terrupts someone impatiently, and the narrator collapses Tho oxponenco is too familiar to mobt of tho listeners to excito tho slightest interest As the train moves slowly out of tho station-yard, the lightning plays about us with bunding frequency and the thunderclaps aro appalling Someone in the growing dusk of tho carriage has barely re- marked, "This lightning, without ram, lavery dangerous," when tho rain comes-not as it falls olsowhoro, but with suoh force and volume that it threatens to beat m tho roof of our carnage, on whioh it rattles bo heavily that conversation inside is inaudible From the windows, on whioh tho breath of tho carnage occupants soon forms a thiok fog, nothing is to bo seen but a denso wall of ram, through which a danger signal on a semaphore would ho invisible 20 yards away And this with tho night coming on, on a light, narrow-gauge, single-track mountain railway, where the tunnels alternate with sidings cut m tho mountain face above deep precipices and gossamor-liko trcstlo bridges spanning dark gorges and the dry beds of torrents -the prospect might havo boen pleasanter The tram staggers slowly along, Bhaking violently with each fresh blast, and creeping forward with tho utmost caution Presently the ram finds a weak spot in a ventilator and pours m in a stream, and one of the sickly fooblo od-lamps ex- pires with a spluttering hiss "Have trama over been blown off tho lmo hero like they have in Now Zealand?" inquires a passenger "No," a local man answers, " I never hoard of it Tho dangar from these storms arises from the faot of dry crooks be- coming wido torrents almost at a moment's notice in such a downpour as this, and washing away or weakening tho approaches to bridges be- fore the pormaneut-way mon can havo time to in- spect thom and givo warning of danger Some yoars ago an ongino and tondor crashed through tho bndge at Gowrie Junction and three men were killed, all from this cause " As tho rain is now boating from the direction whonco wo aro going, it is possible to stand on tlio platform at the end of tho carnage with no greater lnconvonienco than is involved in an occasional dclnge of rain-drippings from the roof It is not yet dark Wo aro on a narrow siding out m the faco of the mountain wall, and tho procipico towers many hundred feet above our heads and many hundred foet below us It is densely wooded, and looking upwards we can seo the lords of tho forest crowning the very ndgo and standing out against tho sky, tossing their arms about in diro confusion-sufficient ovidenco that those lofty heights aro withstanding tho onslaught of tempestuous winds from which wo aro, comparatively speaking, sheltered Opposite ns tho forest rises m a steep wall, and across its leafy faco and amongst ita trees the ram-cloud trails its sweoping tresses Ragged odges of cloud have boen caught m tho umbrageous network Torn fragments havo boon dragged from tho mam body and stray lonoly m ghost-hko isolation-filmy slircds, white against tho sombre green The so called " summer lightning " is oponmg and shut- ting incessantly all round tho horizon, and at intervals of a fow seconds tembló flashes of fork or chain lightning leap first from ono cloud and then from another, now a ghastly white, then a steely blue, and presently Buch a flash, Uko a fierce Bword thrust, loaps from a cloud below us in the dark gorge Each flash is accompanied by an car-splittang crash of thunder, and the sound, hommed in by the mountains, is increased a hundredfold, and can only bo likened to tho ex- plosion of somo vast magazine This fiery display approaches so closoly-for wo seem to be nearing the oentro of tho storm-as to bo almost blinding, and when tho tram, shooting round ono of ita ap- parently endless curves, exposes us full faoo to the pelting rain, wo tomporardy quit tho magnificent spectacle and re-enter the dim oarnago "What a nice tiling it would bo," says somoone, " if the driver and stoker got struck by lightning, and the tram went on at full speed without anyone to con- trol it What a Bmash thero'd be ! I don't seo why such a thing shouldn't happen There's lots of stool about the engine, you know " And the speaker gazes round interrogatively. " Never heard of it happening, observes a stout party in tho corner, puffing away at a short outty, " but I'll toll you what actually did ooour to mo I was travelling m a coach when tho driver was struck dead by lightning and rolled off the box That was a pleasant thing to happen to a fellow, was'nt it now ? Killed stone dead, just as ii you had dropped him with a bullet ! " "When and where was this?" oaks a voice from behind a elgor " Ba Now Zealand-oh a matter of 20 years ago We woro going down a mountain road, like this might bo, and it was night, black night, and rain- ing like blazes I was not on the box myself, I was inside, but a man I knew very well, a fellow named Brown, a commercial traveller, a very old friend of mino-m faot his father was a pal of my father's in the old country-he was sitting next to th» driver. I had been sitting next to him, for you know on thoBo big» coaches of Cohb's there's room for two on tho box beside the driver, but when it commenced to rain I said to Brown, I said, 'Look hore old fellow-* Whatis that!" SWietl-h«;**-"- Btraok tire side of our carriage. Wo felt a blow, followed by a loud rustling, and tho f glass of one of our windows fell brokon on tho floor. Thoso noarcst tho door slid it back and were on the platform in a moment. Tho train lind slackened down to a scarcely porceptiblo crawl. The guard in tho compartment next to ours was oraning his nock out of tho window. Looking backward along tho track wo saw tho oauso of tho trouble. A troo tom from the hoights by tho wind had liecn hurled down, and wns hanging by its exposed roots to tho odgo of tho nnrrow cutting wo had just traversed, and wo had brushed against its branches. Had it not caught where it did it must havo fallon across the line, with unpleasant oonscquonccs te tho train. Wo como back into the carriage and re-arrango ourselves in our soata. Somcono has taken tho Btout man's cornor and asks-"What about that yarn you had j'ust commenced tolling ub ?" "Oh," says the stout man,' dropping into the seat opposite ; " I forgot whoro I was." "And you hadj'ust said to Brown- I think that's where you loft off." " Oh, that doesn't matter, I forgot now. Any- way, I was Bitting inside holding down tho flaps, to koop tho rain out, and Brown, who never would sit inside a coach, no matter what tho weather was -ono of thoso sort of men, you know, who always likes to seo where ho is going-Brown was sitting on tho box besido tho driver. The gradient was terribly steep, and wo were going down very slowly, for tho turns aro so sharp that in tho day tinio whenover you whip round ono you for tho moment loso sight of your leaders, and if any mis- take is mado there's nothing in the world to savo you from falling Into tho gorge 2000ft.- Well, I novor ! Hero, I'vo boon sitting lmdor that con- founded broken ventilator and wondering whoro on earth tho water carno from! Just look at my shoulder and arm-its quite sodden." And making n furtivo effort to squeeze tho moisture out of him- self, the stout man swore wrathftilly, and discon- solately shifts into anothor soat. There is some- thing Uko a chuckle sotnowhoro in the carriage, and then silenoo only broken by low murmured fragmentary conversation. A yarn twico inter- rupted is fatally doomed. No ono oven thought of asking him to resume it. The ruin is now much lighter, and as wo reach the lower levels wo aro bettor able to j'udgo tho offect of tho briof and violent downpour. Muddy cascades poured down from tho tops of tho cuttings, overy crook and culvert was a howling torrent, and after passing the 85-milopost overy lightning-flash showed the permanent way and tho ground on oither sido of it to bo white with heaped up hailstones. As darkness has fallon, we seo tho landscape only by such flaahos, and each timo tho lightning flames, wooded bnttross-like spurs, shadowy valleys, tho gleaming wot motáis and white hail-strewn traok, appear to rush forward to meet us, and as rapidly disappear in sombro darknoss. At every bridge mon oro stationed, who signal " all's well " with their lamps, and scarcely three miles aro traversed without our seoing some lonely figure-a porraa nent-way man, Btanding asido to lot the train pass. As wo approach Murphy's Creek wo slacken down to such a feoblo crawl that ovory window in the train is nlivo with a curious face Then, someone oxolaims, " Why, when I passed up this morning the place was as dry as a bono-not a pint of water in the creek, and look at it now ! " And, indeed, one saw a wide, foaming sea of turbulent muddy water, in tho midst of which appeared two half- submerged hotels, with lights burning in their upper windows, and crowded with people, who called to us to havo boats sent up to them. At a waysido station whoro wo halted for a few moments wo learnt that overy lamp in the sleeping car had been smashed, and the car itself was flooded. As we left the mountains bohind ns the evidence of the storm becamo less noticeable, and at last ceased altogether but for an occasional flash of lightning ; and when wo rolled into the station at Brisbano the moon was riding high in a sereno and cloudless heaven. 