AMONGST TOE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. An American author has just signified his k design to enter with a light heart upon a somewhat stupendous taslc. It is nothing loss than tho display of the entire history of America in a series of novols. Tliero arc to bo 12 of these, eaoh covering ono of the generations sinoo Columbus. Tho Bale of the Borghese library in Borne will soon roleaso a lot of unknown and interesting musie of tho Brat half of tho seventeenth century. There aro a great many operas, including tho Eurydicc of Caeeini (1600) and Jocopo Peri, tho Bafnc of Marco do Gagliano, tho Aretusa of Filippo Vitall, and the Marie de Or/to of Lnndi. There aro also a large quantity of madrigals, villanclle, motots, and airs by com- puseis wuo uourisuou uccwccn xouu anu roou auu whoso names are now almost unknown. By tho authority of tho Austrian Emperor there has just been issued nt Vicuna, under the editorship of Dr. Gnido Adlor, tho first volume of tho recently colleoted compositions of the Emperors Ferdinand III., Leopold I. and JoBepli I., all of them musical members of the house of H&psburg.; Tho volume in question iB of 328 pages, and is mainly dovotcd to the religious musie of tho throo emperors, including several autographs in fac simile, porhnps in order to show, that their majcstiesjcmployod no "ghosts." A second volume, to be published later on, will contain the secular compositions ol the emperors, such as dances, oporatics airs, &a.; Lady Honry Somerset has just completed arrangements for starting a new women's papor, to bo called tho White Bibbon. Sho herself will act as editor in cliiof, but will have the assistance of an exporiouced journalist. Tho aim of the new periodical will be to deal with women's work in every form, at homo and abroad, and with ouoh outside topics as temperance, tho hours of labor and thrift in rotation to the weaker sex. The capital of the now venture iB to bo £10,000, and there aro already ample signs that it will bo raised with ease. The Duchess of Bedford, Lady Oarliso, Miss Frances Milliard, Sirs. Pcarsall Smith and other well known workers in this cnuso are actively interested in tho movomcut. A London contemporary is responsible for tho following : — " It iB reported that tho i Civics is trvini; to arraneo with Sir Honrv Pnrkes to iret tho ex-Premier to contribute a series of articles on colonial affairs for that paper. Sir Henry, howavor, is now busily ongaged in tho com pilation of his memoirs, and lias no time for newspaper work at pre sent. It is also roported from Sydney that Sir Henry lately thought of writiug soma pootry for publication — to supplement his famous " Murmurs of tho Stream "—but that Lady Parkcs got a deputation of his old and triod friends to wait upon him and dissuade him from the dreaded enterprise. Sir Henry's poetry in his best days might well be warranted to kill at 40 yards, but if ho lot any of it off now thero is no knowing what might happen in Sydney. M. Zola's new novel, La JDibiicle, has been issued in Paris, when Messrs. Ciiarpentier and Fasquclle executed orders for no fewer than 66,000 copies. Another 20,000 are now being rapidly printed to meet tho requirements of book sellers who did not take tho precaution of ordering a supply in advnucc. At the present timo 1,304,000 oopies hnvo boon sold of those of M. Zola's novels which are com prised in tho Eougon Mncnuart series ; Nana heading tho list with 160,000 copies, after which como L'Assommoir with 124,000 and La Terre with 100,000. Tho sale of M. Zola's other works, suoh as Thirisc Bar/uin, Lcs Contes it Ninon, Madeline Ferat and his volumes of litorary criticism amounts to about 250,000 copies. Thcso figuros are exclusive of translations in English, German, Italian, Spanish, Dutch and Hungarian languages. Tlio Times Paris cor- respondent thinks that tho now book justifies M. Zola'b persistent candidature for the aca- domy, and that tho realistio sohool has a right to lie represented there now that its chief lias written ono of those powerful works which should open evon tho most jealously guarded portals. Tho latest volume of the new edition of Cham bers's Eneyclopeedia contains a biography of Lord Salisbury, by Mr. Frederick Greenwood, wbioh recalls a few facts in tho early career of the Prime Minister which may not be generally known to tho publio. His first proposal iu tho Houso of Commons, it seems, was that elcotors should be able to rceord tlioir votes by means ot voting papers filled in beforo a justice of tho Ecace. This, of course, belonged to the pro- allot days. H'ib first proposal in the House of Lords was, curiously enough, ono that was revived in a slightly different form in 1890— namely, that bills should be suspended instead of droppod wlion they have not passed all their stagosin tlio two Houses in one session. Mr. Grconwood speaks very plainly about Lord Salisbury's conduct wlion sent by Lord Beacons- field to Constantinople in 1876 " His conduct at Constantinople surprised not only the unin- formod publio but his colleagues. Indeed, ho did not scruulo to act against tlio whole spirit of ids instructions, nor did ho heed tho romon- stranoos sent out to him by tho Foreign Office. Thus did ho come into dircot collision with Lord Derby (the Foreign Secretary). But onco placed in tho position of envoy. Lord Salisbury was practically beyond control ; to recall him was of cotirso impossible." Mr, Greenwood adds that tho fact that Lord Bcaoonsfield wont himself to Borlin to aot for Great Britain at tho Berlin Conforonce "is not improbably explained by Lord Salisbury's too wilful oonduct as onvoy at Constantinople." In tho Memoirs of the Vcrnetj Family, just published by Messrs. Longmans, Bevcrnl inter esting facte aro told about tlio old House of Commons, and Sir Harry Vcrnoy throws in a word or two of bis reininisoonces of tho Houso before the great fire of 1834. In 1833, Sir Harry Vernoy can romoinber the two front benches, Govornmont nnd Opposition, with Lord S'tnnloy nt their head, and followed by tho rest of tho House, rushing to the window to look nt tlio great boat race of tho year. In thoso days Westminster Hall was tho normal . cntranoc to the House of Commons, and was filled with shops and stalls. It was used as a lobby, nnd by members in the intervals of deb&to;, and constituents had apparently a frco right of entrance. Tho House, in fact, was far less carefully guarded than now, nnd tho turbu- lenac of tho orowd in Falace Yard contributed very considerably to tho outbreak of tho civil war. The sittings of tho Houso bogan at about 8 in tho morning, nnd owing to tlio difficulty of lighting so large a chamber with candles, almost \- always onded beforo snnnot. Excopt, indeed, in a press of business, work was over by midday. A special motion had to he mado for the intro duction of candles, and it was a favorito motliod of obstruction — employed during tho debates on tho Great Remonstrance — to resist their intro duction. After tho rising of the House mem bers wero able to go and ride in tho fields "between Westmlnstor and Chelsea" — which Sir Harry Vernoy can still remember. Tho latest sitting in tho whole of tho civil war debates broko up before 12 at night. 