. ; v- TALES AND SKETCHES M A BICYCLISTS' GHOST. : AGnourofoycIists worosoatodround the firo in tho comfortablo inn of Font- y-Pridd, in South Wnlos. Thoir talk was of thrilling oxporioncos on tho \- . whool,' aud, just as tho interest wns ooginning to nag, lom jaoukiu astcou if any of tho company had ovor soon a ghost upon a bioyclo. Noarly all of them laughed at the idoa. 44 Don't laugh, gontlomon," said' Bodkin, quiotly, I saw ono! 44 Tho thing happonod in this way. ... s Jo begin at tlio bogiuuing, DiokNnggs . i Und -myself woro running nock-anu- £y.; nock for a dear littlo girl whom I ' shall call Sopbio Bylos. i' wa8 ft tormenting littlo ' ./Jwtch. Sho flirted with both of us in Y" nteoroughly impartial wny; and if u . Either of us attompted" any of thoso ? .foqlish romonstrances that follows dos- peratoly iu lovo will somottmcs venture on in such provoking circumstances, .. .she would only toss nor dainty littlo head, and, elevating hop slightly rriroawc noso, shrug her shouldors distainfully, and say, 4 Please don't speak to mo any moro, Tom' — or Dick, as tho caso might bo. "Now, Dick and I, strango to say, wore tbo bost of frlonds, although wo were the beet of rivals. Wo hau boon ohumB for sovoral yoars, lodgiug iu tho sdiuo 4 digs,' and gotting on to- gother capitally. " When wo discovorod that wo wero both hopelessly gono ovor Sophie wo had a long talk ovor tho matter, and tho upshot of it was that wo shook bands ovor a fair agroomont to go in for hor, oach of us, fairly and squaroly, and . let tbo best man win, noithor taking any mean ndvnntago of tho other. 4.4 Tilings wont on vory uicoly undor this working arrangement for about six months. I ofton inot Dick riding bnok aftor visiting Sophio at hor subur ban cottage noar Stopasido, and ho as ofton met mo, but no of tqnor, for it was in tbo bond that such visits should bo exactly equal in numbor. 44\. Wo always laughed good-humour- . odly at oaoh othor whon wo mot thus chaffed oach othor about our prosiiocts of succoss, and wont off and hud a . : drink i so you soo wo woro honourablo chums. " For somo months wo lod this sort ' of life, and nothiog could possibly bo moro satisfactory to oithor Dick or mo — unloss oithor of us would tako him- soil to Jorioho, out of tbo othor's way. '' But as this was a very romoto coutiu- ! ' goncy indeed, wo accepted the situation in a spirit of boatifio obeorfuluess, and mauo tho best wo could of it. , " Sophie bad only.ono rolativo living . — .but that was quito a sufficient \- . number. It was her fatliQr — and ho " i V.' .was a. terror. " Among tho virtues Mr. Bylos ro- . ' ' joicod in — aud thoy woro too uuinor- . . ous .to partioularizo — was that of i rigid honesty.' Ho had novor got into i: debt 'to tho oxtont of a penny in his lifo, ho usod to boast ; and ho dotostod v people who did: t'.Tho old man soomed to havo an ' impartial sort of liking for both Dick ana me. Ho didn't objccttoourpaying \ our addrossos to his daughter, but . soomodtobo trying, liko oursolvos, to rfind out which ofussbolikod boat — porhaps with oqual unsuccoss. At ( ' any rate, ho always mot us civilly, and \- chatted to us in his own dry way on \- such interesting topics as tho woathor and the crops, thostook and share mar- kots, and tno liko. . 44 Dick nnd mj'solf woro thon in tho enjoyment of a modost incorao oach — quito onough for hira, for ho was not ' of an oxtravagant turn; but hardly onough "for mo, for my tastos woro moro luxurious. 44 Howovor, financial matters woro .. not in Diok's case, any more than my own, over thought of for a momont in connection wita our mutually doar Sophio. Wo would havo takon hor without a ponny — but wo know vory woll sho wouldn't como so! whonovor. sho mado up hor mind. " Ono ovoning I mot Dick riding back from Stepaside, after ono of tho regulation visits, as I was going out to tako his place. Ho jumped down off his bioyolo, and camo ovor to mo in a state of great porturbation. "4Tom, said ho, 4 I'm in great troublo, old fellow. I havo to go away, ' for a fortnight, Thoro's a maiden . aunt of miuo vory ill, over iu Hom- burg, and sbo wants to soo mo. I'm . to ,bo hor hoir, you soo, and I can't possibly rofuso.' u ii don't seo why you should, my boy.' I replied ; 4 noitbor do I porcoivo why you should bo so dreadfully agitated. You'ro a luck) dog, so you \- are — coming in for a fortune,' '«< Don't seo it !' ha cried, oponing his eyes in astonishment. 1 What is Sophie to do in my absonco ?" « < Don't troublo your head about that,' I answered. 4 She'll got along " . just as usual, I'm sure.' " 4 But you — you won't suroly tako any advantage of my absonco, Torn ? If I had your promise on that I'd fool . nuito roliovod.' "'"Well, that's rather hard, Dick,' I roturnod. 4I don't soo why my arrangements should bo affected by your . maidon aunt going to make you her heir.' m . .. « 4 But don't you see, Tom, that my absence would be giving you on un- advantago? You'ro too honour- hblo a know, to avail your- t. . Dick,' I said at longth, ti i0r' ou in this strain for aft0;.? ??men5 'ar to obligo youi 'tii? !1 gotlus - J0r a ,ort- ; W como ut horo nb 4at im0l pigBfttji you'ro back try . tho well aba good. If you ro n. ' bargain is an end.' / 44 4 Do you give mo your word on that, Tom?' bo asked, brigbtoningl 'up. . 4<4I do,' I returned; 4 you may| haunt mo whon you dio, if I broak it. Now bo off. 44 Wo shook hands and parted, and whou I saw our beloved Sophio I in formed hor of tho arrangeuiout'agrood upon. Sho said sho (lldu't niiud, as sho was goiug on a visit tu a friend in Wicklow .for a week. But I thought sho was socretly voxed all tho same. 44 1 was discussiug broakfast ono morning about a wook afterwards, glaucing ovor tho nowpapor now and thon as I feasted, whon suddonly my eyes caught tho heading — Fatal Accidont to a Dublin Gentleman." 44 1 immediately lookod nt tbo item, nnd, to my horror, found thnt it ro- latod to my unhappy friend Dick. Ho had jumped out of a railway, carriage whilo tho traiu was is motion, got .jammed botwoon it nnd tho platform, and was killed. 44 The no ws upset me d good deal, although I could not holp foeliug that it cleared tho ground for mo in ono important direction. Still, I wns vory much attached to poor. Dick, and I couldn't bring mysolf to visit Sophio for a couple of days after I hoard tho sad tidings, in ordor to broak thorn to her. 44 1 ho year was gotting fast into tho soro and yellow loaf ; brown Octobor had brought its short and its (somo- timos) -lovely moonlit nights ; and it was on ono of thoso — a glorious one it wns — that I started off, with au cqunlly- balancod admixturo of griof nud liopo- ful olation at my hoart, for tho bowor of my Sophio— my own Sophio, as I fondly hoped soon to .cull hor — to un fold my gruosotno talo. 44 1 haa got about hulf-way towards my destination, wbonit ocourredto mo that I ought to striko a match nud havo a quiot.puff of tho soothing wood as nothing could bo moro in kooping with tho peacoful quito of tho scone. No soonor thought of than dono ; and I was iu tho act of roiuouuting, with pipe aglow, whon my oyo caught sight of another ridor coming in . tho same diroction, but ataconsidornblo distanco bohind. 44 This circumotanco causod mo no omotion in particular, and I forgot nil about it as I sped' on afrosh. I slackened my spaco to spin out tho distanco nutil I had finished my pipo, nnd was drawing on onsily towards Stopasido, whou somo instinot or othor ranuo mo glanco backwards down tho road again. 14 Tho othor tr&vollor; had gained upon mo with nmazlng colority. Ho was now not uioro than forty or fifty yards bohind. " What a wondorfulrosomblancoho boro at that distanco to my dead frioud Dick ! His garments lookod whito in tho ghostly moonlight. Diok, whon riding all last sumnior, hnd worn a suit of whito flannol, as tho stranger's scorned to bo. And it appeared to ino, as I paused, tbundor stricken and trembling, for a momont in my rido, thnt his form was oxaotly that of my doad friond 1 ti T — 4\. WHO UUVU1 OU|)UlOLlUUUO, JVV ilUU for an instant a fooling of awo camo ovon mo;' but as I wobblod to tho n.-ouud off my machine,, uudor its in fluence, I bogan to curso mysolf vigorously for a womanish fool, and, jumping up with tho colority of fully rccovorod spirits, I sot my iBtcel stood off with a livoly start, and began to race away from tho awosomo straugor. "I wont .on at a spanking paco for somo time, but I could not holp turning my bond backwards again soon, to noto how far I hnd left him bohind. 44 Horror of horrors ! ho was gain ing on mo still ! 44 Ho was only a fow yards bohind. I could not distinguish his fnco ; but tho figuro, and tho way in whioh it sat tho machine, woro tlio samo as Dick's. 44 Again I spurted madly.- Groat boads of cold sweat burst out upon my temples, and au icy fooling oropt through my frame, ovon to tho marrow of my bonos, despito tho hoat into which tho exorciso had thrown mo. My terror lont mo strength. I must got away from this horrible phantom, even though my heart should sifap in tho offort. I toro along tho road liko a maniao. "I was just turning tho cornor of tho rustio lano whiclrlod up to Sophio's bowor, wbon my machine camo plum) against a form ongagod in doing tho samo from tho lano Bido of tho angle. 'PVin nnnsnmiATinnn wnrn rlinrtRfmiiR tn both travoUers. "Macbino and mysolf throw ft double somersault ovor tho body of tho podostrain. Whon wo both regained our foot I thought I should turn into stono whon I oncountorod tho Gorgon- liko oyo of my intended fathor-in-law ! 4,4 Hang it, man!' ho shouted, as soon as ho rccognisod mo and found his voico, 4 what tho dickous aro yo staring at mo for, instead of apologis ing for noarly killing mo ? Ono would think you had soon a ghost !" 44 4 Ihavesoon a ghost, euro onough, Bir,' I answered with troubling lips ; 4 tho ghost of my poor doad friond, Dick ; and soo, thOro it comes !' "Tho whito figuro had arrived at tho corner of tho lano, full in tho ghastly glare of tho dazzling moon light. It dismounted and advanced towards whoro wo stood. 44 1 hold up both my hands to shut out tho foarsomo sight. 44 4 Don't como near mo,' I cried, in an agony of dosporation, 'until you toll mo whothor you are a man or tho ghost of my doad friond, Dick !" " Tho thing laughed ; it was a hor- riblo human laugh. " 4 No ghost, sir,' it replied, ns its coarso chucklo ceased, 4 but a messen ger from a man who has ghosted you Fong onough in vain for his littlo bill of sovon-pounds-ton for clothos — Mr. Tippot, tho tailor, of Grafton Stroot Court-house.' 44 This was ray romance of tho whool. It shattered my day-droam and lost no my Sophio. Old Bylos turnod on with all tho scorn of an onragod mo " 'slider who never owed a man a money. ponny, and bndo mo novor again show my faco at tho cottage. 44 Tho ficklo Sophio ratified this deci sion, and shortly afterwards married a woalthy pawnbroker who hud, a couplo of months boforo, laid his third spouse uudor -tlio sod in Glasnoviii ; and I nm loft horo alono with my faithful bicycle !" 