? PRINCESS LOUISE AS A SALMON ANGLER. "FEW COULD HANDLE A FISH WITH HEB1.' Thc Fishing (jazeilp publishes tuc follow- ing letter from Mr. John Mowat, a Scotch- man in his seventy-second year, who for fifty live years haB been familiar with thc Canadian salmon rivers, und for about a 6corc of years a fishing olliccr of thc Dominion. It describes how Princess Louise killed salmon on thc Resticouchc Hiver in Canada. Upon reading ¡u Shooting and Fishing of thc 28th July of thc capture of a salmon in thc famous Princess Louise Pool in the Restigouchc, I was reminded of the night, or rather evening, that I named it. On thc occasion of thc visit of thc Royal party to the fishing grounds, the lessees, Messrs. Fleming and Brydgcs, gave up the river for thc season. It was iii good trim, linc water, tish plentiful, and no rods allowed. I wus ordered to escort the party to and from the Indian House Pool, and fitted up Mr. Brydges' famous bargo Great Caaar's Ghost. When on our way down thc river, - Her Royal Highness said tn ine, " I am not yet tired of fishing ; please stop the boat where you think we can have some sport." I did so at thc mouth of Chain Rock Brook, half-a-mile or so below thu pool. Lord Lorne, thc Duke of Argyle, and his daughters and aids left us there, going down iu their bark canoes, leaving thc Princess. Lady Macnamara, Carpenter (de- tective), two Indians, myself, and the boat's crew. The Princess called inc and said she would be ready to go when I thought it time. Thc day was wann, with south wind, and towards afternoon clouds began to risc About four o'clock I called thc Indians, and the Princess 'was ready. I took the stern of thc boat, tuming out ono of the men, rather agaiust her will, as alie requested inc to sit down. I told her I wanted to manage thc canoe myself. We soon got up to ¡ thc ground, about 250 yards above tue fall of thc Hero Rapid. After anchoring, the Princess handed mc thc fly-book, saying, "Yon know best what fly is most likely to kill." Not finding a fairy I put on one of my own, a middling-sized brown. First fish broke hold before anchor was raised; second fish did thc same before it came to gaff, and this Bcemed to disappoint her very much. I said as the sun lowered the fish would take hold better, and just then we had a slight shower with some wind and cooler. It Was then about six o'clock, and the Princess struck a tish which held, and was landed in eleven and a half minutes, und was "2-1 Iii. in weight. Next fish was foul hooked behind the gill cover, and took twenty-two minutes. Whilst playing her fish she said to mc, " Don't bc afraid to tell me if I do not handle them properly ; I should have killed the last oue quicker, he was only 22 lb., and I feared he would go through thc rapid. " I said, " You hold very hurd ; your cast could bear no more." Our next fish was a 26-pouuder, and thc fourth and last a 27-pounaer, which I guned out of thc canoe w hen within fifteen Í'ards of thc rapid at eight o'clock. Wc could lave killed another, but thc midges were pretty plenty, and concluded to quit. On our way to the barge thc Princess said to mc "If you had been with mc all the time I would have mude u much larger score (about thirty), and if I ever come again you must promise to go with inc. " I thcu told her that thc pool had no name, and asked her permis- sion to call it the Princess Louise pool, and so it was named. 1 must say that few anglers could handle u fish with Her Highness. She used a heavy English 18 ft, rod, and her strong right arm (after the fish got his second run over) would lift his head clear of the water. 