INTERFERENCE. ? ♦ ? A MODERN IRISH-INDIAN STORX. By B. M. CROKER. CHAPTEE XXX. mr. Redmond's ambassador. 'Words that weep, and tears that speak.' — COWIiEY. Gbobge Hoh'Ojd avoided the ladies' room in the Club, the groups of ladies raDdei' tho trees out side ; he did not ploy tQDnis, Dad, owing to his wife's mourning, he v?qo not oa duty ot danceo ; theiefoee he nad Betty rarely mst, unless thov came across ono another out hunting. Oa these raatchlesa lodian mornings and evenings, rchon they drov? the brckoG and nal lahp, and found ; when there wqs d sound of hoin ond a ruah and elattar of hoofo among tho long gra9Q and caDs stubble, qt7ov over the plains, scattering dost and sand on the bye roads, DV7oy, away after the wiry littla g?ey £Os, with his black-tipped b?OQh, and the fleeting, irregalaf peek of ail eotts and conditione of doga, Poljgsia, RriEupoi-o houadQ, pariahs e,r=d fos terrier?. Taroagh the fioldp, scattering too cuttle, throcgfa tho woods, startling the fruit watchers, through shallow rivoro rousing the submerged xvates buffaloes. Hov? good it is to be young, v?ith ovary pnlso throbbing, svg?7 nerve straining, awnj to where a little clou«I or dust end o momentary oeufflo betoken a kill ia the open, Tippoo and SnUao, tho long-legged Polyf-are, have overtaken aad slain the fox. Poo? Mr. Fox ! You will never sae your little 10523117 again, will neve? again bring them borne a tender guinea fowl, of q fat pea chick ; they will sit at the sunny side of the bamboo clump snd watch for your return in vain. Your thick, blnck tipped brusvi hango at Miso Bodmond'n gaddle bow, as she turns homewards, leading tho von, charging through melon fields, scouring ove? tracts of sand, jumping nuilahp, fording rivers. But Mr. Holroyd, who traa wall to the front during the run, now reins ia his hot-teraperod Australian and lags conspicuously in the rear — Whv P Only he and Botty knew the reason. Aboui sis weelrs before Chrisrsuos Mr. Bed tflond went oat into camp tor what is called the 'cold weather tour.' It is a Collector's doty to visit hie tahsilc ov ont-ototions and examine the general condition of hia district, receive petitions and inspect fcroetg effected by flood o? faznino ; it is thus that he sees the result of his previous six months' government. Mr. Redmond departed from Mangobad, with the usual pomp and im posing train ot camels, tent?, horses ond ele phants, aad Batty accompanied hire, It was all new to her— a delightful novel life, and a blessed relief from the painful strain 0? her doily existence in cantonments, where the vicinity of George, aad the perpetual presence of Belle, was — only to bar inmost thoughts did she whi9per it — becoming insupportable. She enjoyed tho change aad complete freedom ; the glories of 0 tropical dawn 5 tha early marches through strange anrroundingn ? the halts in the anango £opes; the keen, exhilarating air, and at night the great wood fi?e&. She wos left a good deal to herself, and this she eDjoyed also, whilst her Gfleie eouferyed with his sleek 88?ishtado?B, Feeeired thousands of petitions and dollies ! strings of evil'Smolling yellow marigolds, and sweet pink roses, and many vieifs from native gentleraon oa elephants or in palanquins. Daring these solitary hou?p, ahe read or worked, or wandered about tho adjacent jungle in company with her own thoughts. Truly aatu?e is a great physician of souls ! The peace of the place descended into he? heart, end soothed and hashed its repining;* as uhe drank in tho exquisite atmosphere, the living silence of tho jungle, broken only by the sounds of he? own footsteps, as Bhe strolled beneath the Kachaar and sweat smelling cork trees— treading fcaaderly ou their fallen, withering flowero. She determined to be brave, to shot hor eyes to 4ha paot, to malio ibo best of the precast and of the novy life thafc Icy before foes.1. She wrg only twenty, tad she would not permit one miefonasie to shadow all her days. She woo re^olvad to make a oocond otort, but shs did not want s Essond Iovof. No I Al though she assured herself emphatically that she had tow no other feeling for G-eoFga thnn sisterly affection snd intense pity, aho meant to figuratively lock ap hor foeevt and throw owr,y the key. She would nofc, and could aofr, bestow at 00 Mr« Hammond, Mr. Redmond's friend — clever, ogeeenble, end popnlor as ho was. No, nor on Captain La Tcuche, bop yet on Mr. Proudfoot. She would be her uncle's lifo-long companion, she would bury the pant, oho would bear with Bella, and would think more of others and lsos o£ herself and her own troubles. These, and many other good.reoolatioBO, came flocking i?ound hoi' go she strolled nboufc the comp by day, o? gq4 oufcaido tho tonto— whilst Mr. Redmond dozed in ilia chair— Glaring into the big red fire 3D \th& .still, ccol night— 0 atillaesa only broken hy the baying off pariah dogs in disfcoat villages, the howl of tfao hungry, malancholy jackal, the sfoouta of the watchero in the fields soaring wild beasts from the crops of ougny-CDne, bojro and jowar. Bat life was not olwayo quiet and soli tary. When the camp happened to be within a leanonobJe distance, many well-known faces from Mangobad surrounded tbe great, bloziag logo, and many fumiHc? voicou broke tho uguqI majestic silenco. The hospitnblo Colleefov invited out xaosfc of hie friends, and -JBotty oi?ked Mrs. Holroyd, but sfj0 remaiDod oaly two doy^. She doteoted saml life, ond so did ' Monaoo.' Sqo hatad the apoav grass that got into her potticoatG and ntoclnoga ; suspected onjjkeo under eve?y chair, and became fayaterical oa en olophont. She longed for her owo sale $zem&Q9; hm hook nod hse iism-ohoisi Hop husband hod declined altogether, pleading duty. Bat one evening Mr. Redmond came across Captain La Toucho and him out shootiDg, tmd bbaoiutoly rofubuii tu Inko uuy — it w«s Cn:iata-fta Eva — he hsd at ioasc twenty gutsts — ho lateiided to havu tveeni^-two — Mrs. Holroyd was in Lucknow, and Mr. Hol iojd had not tha ghost of an ©scone ! There was a grand ChriBtmcs dinner— with pretty Indian jangle dooorntione, real -English plum-puddings a moostair turkey, and ploaty of crackero, aod good, vyishop. Aftorwardo tho oompony Got out in tho moonlight to explore tho oamp, and vis'.t tho elophanis nnd horyjii, before Otjseinblifig uround fcho gfeafe Jog firo to di-ink punch or mullod pott, and play gumoc The night was cloDff and cold ; and wrapped in along £ur-iined cloak, Batty stioiled B0f7 with ciia guest, now another, and fiually found herself paciflg tho chort dry grass— beyond the tonts, with hej anclo ani George Holroyd ! It was a magnificent caotero night— sach a night as en titles India, to be called iho land of tho moon, as well aa tho land of the tun. Tne scene vfdg almost us bright aa day, and almoot as sill as death. B liiud the Collector by Uis snow-white camp beneath the mougo uees — bsfoi'a him, a plateau, on the edge of which a moi.-que-uhc.pDd tomb s'ood out in dark relief agtiiutt the sky — bejot-d tho tomb, a wido plcio stretching uv?sy to tho horizon, a rich cultivntt-d tract, unbuken by aught suVo on occasional clump of sugor-caao, n.n occasional veody j'aoci witu its fringe oi waving water plants, and hose and there s. g?eat oiagle forest troo. ' Eov? quiet it is oat hero,' tiaid Betty ; ' thore ig not a souad s*vj tho night jar, I quite mias ths bugles at Mtngobad.' ' Can joa distinguish them ?' inquired George. 'No, I don't thiok I can — except that one that seems to say, ' come homo — eomo homo — come home.' ' Tha laat post,' exclaimed Lei1 uncle. ' I know them all down to the tbe advance, ending in three C'h. How many 0 gollant fellow ic has cost as! Did yon get any saipo to-day, Holroyd?' ' Yes, but only four brace.' 'I weDt out yesterday mjself, to a most lovely spot, on idoai home ior a stipe, and nove? saw a feather ! Jast a nice cover ; nice feeding ground. If I were a pnipe, I wonld go ond sat' la there at once, and take my family with me.' ' It) it possibles that I see people ploughing at this hour, Uncle P' interrupted Botty. 'Six ploughs — beyond that brown pr,tcb.' ' Y-3TJ poQyibie ! In the indigo season it's a common thin-* for thorn to plough all night. I suppoaa it is ton o'clock now. That reminds mo that I have bosioeso with my oherii-tactar, end I Ejnsfc bo going back, but sou, Betty, noed not come. Take Holroyd on cud chow him the tomb, it's rather old and enrieu?,' and turning qnickly on his heel he left them abruptly ; left them to their fi?sk tete-a- tete since they hod parted that Joly day in the avenue at Noone. ' I must congratulate you on geiting your company,' said Batty, a3 they walked on to gether. ' I heard the news just before dinner — I ara eo frlad.' Glad she might bp, but she could scarcely command her voice. Ob, why had Undo Bernard left them — loft har wihhoaS a pre tence of escape? She must mak-) the best of the situation, ond satnmon all her aelfpopsoe sion and all her woman's wit to keep clear of o-j6 topic. 'Thank you. Top, everything comes to those who wait.1* 'Bollewill be delightod,' sho ventured in a port of panic, reaving that if sho stopped talking bo should commence oa that snbjaot. 1 Yes,' and he added with somewhat dreary levity, ' she does not onre about being a gabal tern's poo? thing,' A long psuie, daring which their own footstopn oa t-ao bakud, dry grass, woo the only oound. ' I had n letter from Cuckoo lesfc raail,' con tinued the girl, making 0 valiant effort to keep up tho conversation ; anything, cnythiag, bat this dead suggestive silc-aoe. 5 Yes, end I had ono horn my mother. Dam's ia coming hotae. Ho cannot get any congenial employment, aad he end Lizzie don't seam to hit it off.' ' I am sony to hear it, bat these hasty nifi' ?isg£3 dolnot often tarn oat well.' She belted ab;uptly — he? compaviion's own maryiago hnd bee»i a hosty one — Dnd then pluoged into another Bubjsct. 'I aaw you and nacla diocugsing someMiisig very serious this evening before dinner. When uncle nocia h'a bead and walki with hia handa behind him, I knor/ he io talking of something inteiresfcing and imporfcoct.' ' Yes, you are quite right. He V70D talking o? you.' 5 Of moP' with a sort of breathless gasp. 8 Ho haa got; oomo wild idea that I have infla enoe with yoa, and he asked me aa an old and entirely disinioyottod fii^ud — uut likely to havo a woxuria'a lova of motch-makiag--to spaak to yon a boot Mr. Hammond.' _ 4 To spoak to mo abont Me1. Hammond ! I am sick o? hoDi-ing about Mr. Hommocd. Ueclo, Mrs. Pops, Mi-3. Odvsst, 012a talk of nothing else.' _ ' He ia not young, but bo ia not old,' con tiaaoc! Gcorgo ; ' he is q yeaaairkably able man, he will be in Ooaucil oomo day, ho is an honourable uptight gentlomiii?. I quoto yous1 unclw'a vrords ojractly, and you? nnele, although ho oanaot boc? to loso you, says thtt Hammond id his personal Mood, and ho does not wish to stand in tlao way oi your making a good matoh, aud ho Dtiked m& to speak to you, ds oq old acquaiatanee, oad to bag you to think it over. TLiuk oi ycur carnages, your diiiosonds, tbink of all the ladies old enough to be your mother who mast walk behiad you into a room. Think.' They had now reaohed tho tomb ond wore standing at its horse-shoe- shoped entrance. He etoppad abruptly, and loaning his tihouldor og&inbfc; the wall behind him, lookod hard at his companion. 'Does it not 3eom titrnugo,' bo wert on in a^ totally altered voice, s that «uch 0 miasiou should bs entfustci to die — of r.ll vaeu living?1 Betty tfftcicd not to notice the change in his manner, end ocid, with hor cclmeat eii-, lad in o firxn tone : ' I like Mr. Hammond immensely as a friend, bat ho is thirty yearo older than I am, end I do not chcose- — — ' 5 To bo an old man's dcrling !' supplemented her eompaaion sharply, 'No— I wes going to say, change my Gnfcats. I am very happy as I nro,' lifting her uyeo from the moon-lit pmin, and looking (.troighfc and full at ho? qucstionor. ' Yot I don't mind hotting tbot before vary long you will disappear from Mangobad amid a cloud oi -Ace, and with the inevitable slipper on tho top oi tho ocuTiago. P^oudfoot io not bo ancient.' Mi1. Prondfoot was a hondsomo and oupor iativaly conceited young man — (his conceit piobably the result oi an uncritiaizod etuoer) — who played tho banjo, ond nang oweotly, and constQuily assured his lady frionds that ho had been such a pretty boy. Ho paid Bstty conspicuous attention, and wao at this moment oagoi- ly oeavebing for her in overy direction, bat ahe and her conaprinion we?o standing on the far side of the moi-qrie stepn, end its oub sfantiQl walls woi'o between thoiu end tho comp. 'SLdII I tell yon a ooovoi ?' soid Bofcty ond donly. ' Do,' he roiurned with a slight siost, but w covering himoelf instantly. ?I cannoc onduro tho Goldon Butfcoyfly' (Ms. Proodfoot's aickname). ? V/hy — wool has Iig done P Hqq onyoao told you anything P' ' He has told me everything himnolf/ oho i'o» turned with o amilo into tho ri'qvo faco beoido bov. ' Ho dinod with uo, one evening ; wo had tho Trofetera to dinner too, end ho conQdod to ms, &s; we sat behind tho piano, that when ho was ofc home— I muot tey &nd; quoto his owo V7o^ds'f:s you did uncie'o — he met Mi's. TrotteL1 in the Park, end bhe came bustling up to him ; ' for tho life of mo,' he said, ' I could not re member her name, though I remembered her face and dinners, for whon I wao at that hole. Sonaporo, she was there, ond I used to bo in and out a good deal. But by George ! Sonaporo is ono plaoa nod London is another; one doos not come home to oeo one's ladion friends, oh P I waa not going to allow hex.1 to fasten horaoK on to mo, and ouch d dowdy, too ! So I ]U9t took off my hot and walked on — cnt her, so to spook, and now, Dho cuts me !' What do you think of such a nice, grateful, gentlemanly yotme man ?' ' I am not surprised— my opinion oi him re mains unchanged ; but he n till 300033 to find fuvour ia your eyea — he sat beoido you at dinner atid appears to make himself cgreenblo.' ' Ho bored mo to death about society at homo and his clubs.' 'Clabs! I don't believe ho ever belonged to one ia his life, esoept o Mutton Ciub' — remarked Captain Holroyd scornfully. A ghuri'60 in tho oomp now atruok ten, and turning to hot' abruptly, he Quid ia u voice that made hoi' heart stand fitill : ' Betty, lot us drop this hideous icroo for five ffiinutoe, this Christmas night nud apeak plainly to ohq another foce to face. I wouvW that you look at mo, much leua talk and lough with me, whoia I know what .you thick of mo ot the bot tom of your heart. Wait' — seeing that she was oboafc to ppeak— ' I never was so astoniuhed as when I sow you on oar o^n steps. I had not a suspicion that you wero coming out. Had I known, I would have got an exchange ; gob leave, got anything, that would have taken me out of tho station, ond oat of your sight, and you actually offered mo ^ous hand— but some women d if e ongola !' 'I am eo angel,' irotuvned Betty, almost in cudibly, ' iav from it. J)o not lot uo speak of tho p -b- ; it is done with, ic is dead, Theirs is to reason iyhy we tihonld not bo friends.' ' Thou, Butty,' he eschimod, looking at he* keenly, ' jou know P' Batty did not speak; sho turned awoy hep face, uud gezod over tho greet fL\r-strotching lanJjcGp--, bathed in moouiigbt ; she saw nothing of its placid beauty, ,uf or her eyes tyere dimmed with toartj. ' Answer mo,' ha insisted. S'lo bov7ed hor head without looldag towards him ' Who told you ?' ho naked cftor. an opppeoi oble nilrneo. |Mfa. .Redmond,' nho replied in n choked voice. 'Sao gevo mo your letter to hor, before ohe died.' ?B.'tty, did I— did sho— nearly bronk you? hoatt P' ' It is ell ovev now,' aha rofcai'nod ia a low voice, 1 Abominable old woman ! As long as I draw breath 1 aboil never forgive her.' ' Ob, George, do not say thofc ; you mush for uivo her, you will forgive her. I havo done so long ago. It is oil over and dono with now for ovor.' As she spoko her sweet Grm lipo wo?o oet in a lino that waB almost etei'o. ' Over and done with for you— novor over fof mo. But why should I espoot you to cere P the pnat, aa you nay, is deed, dead and bariod; How evor, it is Eomo comforfc to mo to heai that yon kaow that I was not a heartless scouadrol,' ' I nerer thought that,' sho roturnod v/ith a tremor in hor voice. 4 And I, miserable fool, aovor doubted a line of Mrs. Eedmond'a letter. I accepted it oil with unquestioning conviction. 1 know that Moore v7ds in love with you, and as you wore lost to mo— I married Belle. Eollo, who came out to bo my wife in all good faith, bolioving that I lovod her, and assuring ma of hor ov/n attach uiont. Sho was your couoin. Sho wao homeless and friendless in this country, and totally unsua pioious of her mother's crime— - for it was a crime — I could not oeud hor back, shnmod and alighted, to Ballingoolo. I did whet I bolibve any man of honour vzoald do. I married hor. I did not care what beenrao of the root of my life \--ond I f/cve it to her, no groat gift ! — and I honaotly moant to moke the bost of things for her sake— but oh— my God-- 1' he ex claimed hoorsoly— fif I had only known the truth ? ? !' (To be continued.) 