? AN item from the interior " Daniel White, an aboriginal, age 122, has h.-eu accidentally drownei while Ijathing at the Condah Mission ;3tatbn." It is safe to say that if Daniel White had remained uncivilised "and uncouvertel lie wouldn't have died in this way—he would have know a how to TIN; Progressive Political Leagui aud the Agitator are out on the election ra-npage already. The candidate for Parliamentary honours is prodigal of piecrust promise;- Before he goes too far lie would do well to pi use until he has read "ICin-j; Working-ill in ; or, the I; 'ign of a Terror," profusely illustrated, which will be published on Tuesday, the 2'Jth March ; price sixp MUJ. 11 will Ivj ubtainahle fi'0111 all new ,-agjnts. Sin SAMUEL GRIFFITH'S min 1 has made a complete right-about turn iu eight years. Eight years ngo he opposed land grant railways all I c doured labour. Now he champions both. Should a in in ever be sure lie is right ? Mit. UOWXWAUH—ominous name'.— is a candidate for Mommgtoii. He is ill favour o* most things required by the Labour Parly, but he has made one fatal blunder. Two gentlemen (at present out of employment) belonging to the party iu question were discissing the coming election lately, and his nam! happened to be mentioned. " Downward'son our side," said one; "I se3 he's in favour of nil abientoe tax." " On our side, he darned," said the other, scornfully; ' wby, lie says lie'll hadvocate a tax of 3d. a gallon on bear!" SOME men never allow their excitement to blind them to the main ch nice. A shrewd young man in Prahran, seeing the crowds that collect around thu scene of the Wiudsor murder, hit upon the happy idea of renting the house, and charging a shilling a head from the morbid public to view the fatal rooui. He thought that therj was money in the notion, aud no doubt there w iuld have been if he could have got the house. When, however, he went to the agent, lie was informed that the Government had already secured it at 18s. lid. per week. Thus another good showman's idea went wrong. FLOBKNCE M'CARTHY BROWN- MHORK O'CAL- LAGHAN was brought before the Hamilton Police Court the other day for being drunk and having no visible means of support. We should think that, leaving liquor out of the question, to have to carry such a name would be enough to make any man stagger. How could he be expected to support it when there arc men going about the country at the pjvscnt time who can't even support a name like .lolin Smith ? The Hamilton Bench did not, however, take tins considerate view of the matter. They gave Florence M'Carthy Brown Mhore O'Callaghan—who is suspected to bo of Irish descent—twelve months'hard. Du. NKII-H, who held an inquest last week on the body of Dr. Itoouie, poisoned by a selfadministered overdose of morphia, said that " There were many medical men, some in Melbourne, who, being accustomed to the handling of drugs, took large, and, indeed, incredible doses of morphia., until it establishol a complete tyranny over tliein." Pretty reading, this, for their patients—especially those whom they prescribe the use of morphia. Have the undertakers a hand iu this new departure—or, rather, method of departure—we wonder ! It is all in their interest, at auy rate. Are you sick, aud do you wisb (Your expectant friends to dish) For a sate and certain cure, That forever will endure ? Then call in tile Mnvjihincur. He's a gay Saugrado : he Will your case solve—Q.E.D. And when you, soft as sin, Feel the morphia begin To crawl underneath your skin Call the undertaker in! CHICK, M.P., the slogger of the. Now South Wales Assembly, was banquelled by his cou- Htiliients the other evening. "The sidus of the g illery," tj quote the glowing description of the shivoo given by the local piper, " were dnped wiili the flags of all nations, and considerably het.ii-i eight o'clock it was filled, thu fair sex predoniin iting and giving additional brilliancy to a scene alreaiy sparkling with the glitter of cutglass, plate, flowers and bright lights. . . . Mr. M. Meagher, the leading local spirit, was to be sean flitting about, probably in rather a li rvous sta'e, before the banquet commenced." Wo presume Mr. Meagher was responsible for the crockery, and was not easy ill bis mind as to what the guest of the evening might do in case a chance word offended him. Mr. Crick began his speech iu acknowledgment of the t last o? his health with the felicitous state- IU >nt:—" A few years ago my condition might lie it- be described by saying that a dog would not bark at ine." We infer from this that dogs now bark at him freely. This reminds us of the story of tl;e mail who said another man WAS not fit to carry intestines to a bear. " You are," quietly replied the other man. This must be something like the present feeling of the dogs towards Mr. Crick. They recognise that he is now a fit object for barking at. The member for West Macquarie wound up his speech with the following humorous peroration:—"If there are representatives of the Press here let them take note and give out to the world my glorious work for uiy country. Gentlemen, after a wearisome discussion on ihe tariff, 1 have succeeded in forcing my opponent® at the point of the political bayonet to place on the free list cod-liver oil." 11 itlier a merry brigand, this, after all. HE.irctedKOSA. O jmiintku set this dirge Up sadly—sad the verfe is— Machinist let (wo urge !) Your ink lie black as he.irsos; I'm - . !<>, !V patriot, Whom many did suppose a Success, lias gone to pot.— Tho poor rejected liosa'. How time and time again His utt'rances volcanic The shivering citizen Have thrown into a panic. He'll do this nevermore— Th"n'il fcnou; Ac isn't leaded— Upon oblivion's shore He'll lie—a bomb exploded. .A !us for gratitude! The I/abour Party shows 11 Cold shoulder, rough and rude, To too ambitious Rosa, Who's into darkness thrust. This lessou stern to heart he Should take—Put not your trust XIrabd outside the Salvation Army barracks.— Kiiskt UNiijrrLOTBi).—"It's disgustin'to'ave to 'ang around 'ere like this all the bloornin' liiornin'." Second Ditto.—" You're right there mate, besides (with immense gravity) it's losin' vallyblo time." Wv; have seen a statement to tbe effect that the residents of Sydney propose to send to the World's Kai rat Ohicii £0 the busts of "seventy distinguished men." Wouldn't models of their feet do just as well ? The majority of great men across the border are, we believe, more remarkable at this end than at the other. .l.jKH L,\jn;V, new Exhibition paintings are fruitful in tbe nude, but so introduced as to gratify even throngs of ladies. For example, one critic finds seven Chloes, unclothed, in SehmaU's "Virgin Martyrs at the ltoman Coliseum." Nevertheless the theme is so noble that the beholder is instructed. It is strange that no steps have been taken by the authorities against the owners of the Kaiser Wilhdm for overcrowding on her last trip. Judging by the number of persons who remember Williams, of Windsor fume, there must have been about ten thousand passengers on board the Kaiser Wilhdm during that voyage. Wk observe that Huddart, Parker aud Co. received the first award at the Tasnianiaii Exhibition for their collection of photographs. If the competition had only taken place a little later some of the Melbourne daily papers would have certainly carried off the prize for their fancy photographs of the Windsor murderer. Pavlin's " Choosing the Model " is the biggest and ana some mum think tbe bin; best n<-»i< picture ^.cl-.i.o in ... the Lake y. colli lection. Here, again, it is the human form divine. . Aft... After all, what is so attractive , ? Oil a liuropean balcony you mav see Canova's sculpture of JNapoleon's sister. Princess Borghese. It is really no use to protest against the nude uuae in art. The iuo niost .nosy beautiful object in nature cannot be tabooed.JJut But the authorities of the Melbourne National Gallery proceed on an odd principle iu choosing the plainest lady model they can get for the students. No form at all, or else a good one. Thk following lines occur in a poem priuted in a contemporary:— " It isn't the thing you do, dear, It'n the tiling you leave undone, Which gives you the bitter headache At the setting of the sun." Of course, the poem wns written by a lady—the want of knowledge of the real troubles of life displayed iu the lines quoted is proof enough oi that. Now, here is what we would suggest as an amendment:— It isn't the drink you don't drink. It's tho drink you do drink, son, Which gives you the whooping headache When your cash aud credit are done. How sliall we bring Victoria back to its former state of prosperity ? This is Hie question that is agitating nil minds at present. Whilst there are various solutions of the difficulty offered, it is pretty generally conceded that the all-important poiut is to secure the best men for Parliament. It is when folks come to consider which men are the best that a difference of opinion arises. There will be no excuse for a difference of opinion on the point after Tuesday week, for Punch will on that day publish bis great work " King Wohkinojiau ; OR, THK Keign oi' a Teruob," which w consist of n series of cartoons reprinted from .'il. —ainefpuflrtnB in these pages, with new special illustrations in colour. This w ork will place the political situation clearly before tbe electors and leave them to decide. V — . „ , J Tuesday, 29th March, " Kino Woukino- MAN ; on, thk Beion ok A J'eeuok, wilt be Een forth. . Though . . .. :j. filled ...:il with «.,l.ll0liail . pictures and nf containing civnrtTicj} . n large pages it will be published at sixpence a copy, so that it may be within tho reach of all. A little incident in connection with the fatal No. 57 Andrew-street, Windsor, occurred the other day, and lias escaped tho ubiquitous reporter. Three women, consumed by that curiosity so mai ked in the'sex, went quietly in the dusk to have a look at tho scene of tho tragedy. The front gate was locked, and tbe three females coolly biv.kn the fastenin" Thev found a step-ladder, wWch t e y ^ w ' a g L £ tbe .indoi of «* room. Mounted on the ladder, the trio were feasting their eyes upon the broken hearth when the door of the room noiselessly opened and the figure of a man walked in llie women in men excited state of mind looked upon tbe wan as a ghost and with a triple scream tbey all tell oil the ladder in a heap, where they were seised by the landlord of the place who wished to give them in charge to the " ghost (the caretaker policeman) for breaking into the premises, Eventually, the landlord relented and let the are likely'to "repress their morbid curiosity for ai.„ — 