j FOUND GUILTY, . . ob Ralph Chandos' Fate. 7 A Stirring Tale of the Early f Days of Botany Bay. ' Founded # FACT. ! CHAPTER II. ' A WITNESS. ./(;(;,:- luo night fell la strango, polo gloom iinpon Strathmoro Perk; - « 'i , Tho snow foil silently and steadily in -.i'l'io . a whito shoot, driving, into corners and /' v.inst palings, and. .covering tho earth ' within ghostly shroud.' 'DitMtly'aftiir manor ttaipu unandos monntod his (Jplinrto and rodo oTor to-'Pnlham World . m>. ? » '». his botrothod 'srid' to oxclldhgo ( , ; nitU hor vows of otarnal fidolity. Tho ; - ,T Wtorviow betwoon tho lovers had been t''<iut short by Mr. Pclhdm, who, woll as'lib 'jlitcd' tho: young 'man,: considered hini, .V..jiklthln8 present prospoct3idiof altogether -n aelrgiblo smtor for tho boabtifal young r- '' r 'M ./ liiiiMiia ' PLa 1uhL>j. __ t # _ % I .' i , a«u uuuKvr. proposed aa aoso ' .''?'Into dissolution of tboobgagouent'oxist- ' - , 'botwoon tho young ' pair. on ' tho that Lord . Strathmoro ' might oi.liTo 20 years yct.'nnd that ho, Mr j, '- Polhatn,' would not giro his daughter tb ' m anjr'tnan who most. Tiro tipon'hor m'onoy. MiJsJPolham retired to hor room/pro- i'. thising to wait for hor lover a lifetime; if i' nocd be, and ho, sotting his lips together stora solf- roprossion, departed, .. galloping his horse back to the Part: i „ ..-Thoso who saw bim' enter, tho great : - 'ball of his ancestral borne on bis return, \- j|l'his-'\»at white with snow, bis young laie I&Ed;' despairing," dc9porato, his etooi- ' '. j./Wdo oyes burning liko coals, shook thoir :: heads gravely, and wondered whst bad ' "./.''happened to their bolored yonng master, .vi -Ho dashed np tho stairs liko a ' rvhirl- ' (i Widd, passing Norman Brabnzon on one './of the broad landings without speaking, , and rnshed into his own chamber, slam- (I' iiiing tho door behind him. Brabazon smilod orilly, andcontinmid , i ins descent. A few paces bolow ho caino hpon Morse, ono of tho footinbn, who, 'Was staring in the direction'1 in ; 'V:, whfoh' yonng Chandos hod vanished, . I 'Snrpriso depicted npon his ovory feature. "Brnbnzon shrugged bis shoulders. There's somo tronble afloat," ho rb- .LV.markod, smoothly. "Mr Ralph' is in'n' : ' perfect "galo of tompcr. Ho looked hsif .... . ' ho woro bonton Borao dosporate dood." - « Ho do indcod, sir," replied Morse. " I novor saw tho yonng master look //like that before. Ho is in somo tronble 1 snro." Brabazon passed on, and Morse .,-' gossiped with his follows, all of whom ' by this time woro woll aware that " Mr Balph " was to loavo Stretbmoro in the morning, that ho had fallen into soma '../disgraco with his nnclo, and that his /v'vmarringo with Miss Poiham had been ' ; broken off. A word or two from Brabazon at an eariior hour of the „ i1 otening had caused a dissomiaation of a j knowledgo .of tho trno state of affairs V;,'botweon Lord Strathnioro and his heir. ' As Ralph Chandos, Who was as bravo ,i, , as a lion and genorons as tho son, was a . great favorite in tho honsohold, a general !» sympathy prevailed on his behalf. " . . Brabazon spent tho evening with tho baron in the library.' At 10 o'clock he i ghW,hi'»:'o|?kiB',.15r<lsllipladdlhijlped hint'htfiUift/to'WMii diiSrlment: ox- ' Mh"ItiHg,sBh'qitriflo\tnafrllapb's'ediipon grca«|ofty <Vohaf fhriHSWd "With ' the ntnokVlnXniypBhaiScdBdSdlhli&'lii' an armchair bofore tho bright hearth. Lord Strathraoro's vnlot was in wait- V; . 'i . ing, and Brabazon did not linger. He ' , , mndo; ' however, n brief, nllrislon" to ' _ Chandos, nnd the baron replied to itjby \- onrsing his yonngor nephew, and swear- J \'Q. ,ing a great oath that Chandos should bo casforth in the morninc, and it his allowance did not content bim ho should i earn his own living.- The' valet pricked ' up his cars ' at this, and Brabazon mattered something about tho young . 7 man being in a . dosporato mood, and thon withdraw. ' Lord Strathmoro was androsscd and put to: bed.. Daring the process ho ' ... .ventilated his grief . to his , attendant, nnd indulged in' invectives Bgainst that . mnrdoronB, yonng .dog," /.doclaring that i 7 . ho shonld not feel sate till he was ont of tlio house. ' At eleven o'clock, tho baron was osloop, and tho valet, 'his . dntics for tho . .. night over, doparted:to his own quarters , . i ' . in a distant portion of tho mansion. - The great stablo clock had struck tho ' i\' hourofonol The snow was still falling ; . softly, ceaselessly, and' in a whito pall. " i - Tho pale; gloom ontsido was fall of chill and desolation: Within tho splendid . .v'. / 'inanaion tho lights woro noarly all cx- tinguialicd. Tho hn8h and gloom woro ' " opproBsivo. ... .'v.!':. Soon aftor tho snllon clanging of tho . . clook,' with its single booming stroke, ' i. Norman Brabazon crept from his room. A light burned dimly in tho lower hall, .md in it3 fecblo emanation oao might uavo eocn how ghastly palo ho was. His ..mallblaak eves gleamed with a mur- .iurous light. Uis hps woro set togothor ni a tonso, linrd lino. Ho woo nerved to . winppalling deed, anil looked liko m- irnrxfn murder. Ho oropt through tho dimnos3 end utillness of tho long hall with tho , . ? iitcalthiness of n cat. Ho had removed hie shoos, and his foot woro muffled in thick stockings. . His garments wore black, Ho paused at thodoor of Lord 01mndo3's roam luidlistonid.., , The .. uotiiid of rognldf brcatliing,'" ciilnii'.'t/'his ' oars. He. opened tho1 door softly-.' 'nnd ' looked In. lhu young man was in bed : nnd asleep. ' His portmanteau stood uer.r tho door, packed for his departure in the morning, lis coilld' ;bo ' soon' by pnlo glow of tho firollgkt. ..' , 1 . llrubazon's features quivorcd with deniouiao oxultation and hatred.' He ... - crept nearer tho hod and glowered (ipon . . .his young rival. How noble ond'hhnd- >ou!i: was Ohnndon 'cvon in sleep 1 Brabazon shook his fist at him l' in a i%te»;0<Mljr,'.»lent'f«tyi and crept awnyhs he ; ; . iiod'coiuo. I.ith h' eat-li kc etc:: tth . V' ' 'iVi.ilaiKio.tiiogreat.'.'dniiV.Upii'cr liall, iio'iii6yedi/>nniitd HkiS:# to Lord 'kit'l ii-'StratliiiiariVs' room."/' iltf Rallied, at it's .'door and' padreii . nVonud: him, ' No one : i.v , . was visible auywlieroia tho gloom, ' Ho opened tho door ' of Ids uncle's chamber and eriipt within. " ' The" aoa-coal firo was still 'hu'rhing,' and its glow 'modo visible, the variods artiolos'of fdrnitnre,'. including the bed. BrUbazonVkcoo oyo swept the ohniaber.' Keen as it was, it failed to' hpto tho quiver of tho plate-glass window forming' the door of nn arrnoiro or'wardrobo in a reces near at 1 hand. '. Tho ' valet was gone;. All was safe. He stole to the' bedside. '. " ' . ' . 'The' old lord was sleeping.' ''A iray of jitolight1 TOnderod plainly' visiblo J his snaps,' high features, grojr hair, his bared' iihd skinny throat. It waii'a' uobld face that -of ths Baron of Strathmoro,': blit oven in his -slcop ouo could trace npin his visage signS'oi the ruling passions bf his lifo— parsimony, selfishness, and 'bruolty.' ; ' ,v',' - ' " 'jlJhe'Liid ,'df StfalHliidro had Slwnys disliked. Chandos, pflhcipally : bcaiiSQ Chandos ' most i inherit" the . ititlo ; niid bstites of 'Strathmoro nftor- him. . The yobiig inan_'.wis:;igonerd'UB, ' and '.he MtMm'c'd ' gonordsity, ' al .hdindus ' faalt.' Tho yonng man was Tovod by'honsdhdld arid' tenantry, and ho- know himself dis- Ltli. J t.? ' :mL.L- uuu kuis viouititerea oim mora wai"B" dozdii ' roaddiis ' cqrially 'onreason- ablo why he hated his younger nephew ; bnt Brabazon was u man after his own heart, pnd as moch as bis warped nnd selfish sonl . could - love any one, ho lovod Norman' Brabazon. It had aiwa'ys beori a matter of regret to him that Brabazon could, not havo como ' next in saccassion. His eldor nephew had many ' of his fa'nlls, and these he esteemed virtues." , Ho bad always bcon kind to Brabazon, had given him an annual allowanco of money 'doable ' that' assignod his heir- apparent; had pasiicd'his fortnnos with zeal, end had assisted bim' to Gecome what ho now was, a brilliant if un scrupulous politician, and a candidate for 'a 'most important foreign nppoint- mcrit. One would have thought that Brabazon "could not in cold blood destroy a lifo which had so benefitted him— that he canld not havo stilled for over a heart that had cherished for him an aotnal, oven if narrow,' affection. But tho tiger creoping on its prey from tho shelter, of tho jangle might hitvo had more compnnotion of conscience tlma Norman Brabazon. The deadly' cobra, with its glittering eye fixed npon a coveted morsel, might sooner have felt itsolf relenting in its purpose than this hnman scrpont 1 : Ho bent ovor bis slcoping relative, and ovory plansiblo feature of, his swarthy foco stiffened and hardened into, the semblance of a mast. Tbo baron moved uneasily in his sloop under that basilisk gaze. The intruder waited in the shelter of tho bod-drapory, pationt as a red Indian, nntjl his load breathing was resumed. Thon Brabazon drew from within his coat a dirk knife, a possession of Ralph Chandos, which had boon given the latter, by a chnm at Oxford, arid whieh ho had preserved in his writing desk as a memorial. Tho knifo flashed in the firelight as ho upraised it. Again tho plate-glass mirror forming thodoor of the armoir quivered, and a' pair of oyes stared. oat npon tho strange scono. ' There was a moment's panso on tho part of Brabazon; a last look at the hard fcatnrc9 of his kinsman, a briof study of tlio baton's fignro, and thon tho deadly knife flashod in tho air; nnd was driven swiftly home to tho vory hilt into Lord- Utrathmoro s heart. : Not a sigh, not a qnivcr distnrbed the baron's fnimo. As Brabazon drew forth the knife, the lifo-blood welled 'rip in a grcatjet, staining bis gailty hand and the sleeve bf his shirt— a garment he :hbd takori from tho wardrobe of Chandos at nn earlier period .of tho ovening; ' Lord ' Etrathmbre was doad, yet his mordorbr stabbed him again and again to make cssnrarico donbly snro. " Arid the' byes of tho unseen witness .lost riot one movomcnt .of tho j murderer, " Ho's dead," mattered Brabazon at last, ''with a- lbng breath, opraising his hcad'iittd listening. " Not an . outcry 1 Not ri'sorind 1 : Everyone is "aslebp'i" . Hiding tho bioodrreeking weapon iri the folds of his shirt, he crept across the floor, bpened the door, listened, and stole into tho'hall. Ho pansed at tho very threshold of Lord Strathmoro's roam, his blood booming to torn into lea in Ilia veins." Fur, coming up tho. btiiir without a light, bnt plainly recognisable in the dimness by reason of his amplo propor tions, was Miller,- tho butler. Ho paused on tho topmost stair, Boo ing Brahazan lit Lord Strathmoro's door. Tho villnin remained for an instant, stripofied;. then his ready wit camo to his aid. ' Ho glided' along tho hall with out a word, oponcd tho door of Ohandas'a apartmont, pasaod within, and shot tho bolt into the look. Tho rnso servod its pnrposo. " So it was Mr Ralph ! ' muttered tlio bailor. " What was ho doing at this hour in my lord's chamber? Ho acted- strange, too, as if something was wrong I"; ' . Ho hositatcd, not knowing whether it might not bo his duty to look into the baron's room, but a romombfanco of his lordship's totnpor, nnd n toflootion that Mr Ralph might liavo visited his undo wiili n view to reconciliation nnd re- mained luto: docidcd him to mind his own business, which ho did, going to his own quartern. Meanwhile Brabazon pioccodod to wcavo still closer tho 'Uoadly not bf ovi- dpneo about his younger cousin — tho not of which ho intended should drag Imn to his doom I Tlio firo was low ' in tho grnto. Oiiandos was fast nslccp, Ins sorrows forgotten in tho profound slumber that comes to the young and healthy. Tlio Intrii'dbr's mqvoriibnts; woro noisoloss. Taking tho reeking daggor from its concenlnient on his person, ho thrust it up tho warm .cbiinuoy into n crevice botweon two bricks, its handle atono protruding; 'ant! Hint quito oat bf 'roach of ovon keen search. Then ho removed Ins blood- stained shirt nnd laid 'it on tho flto. '-It flamed rip in A quick ll'r.zo. Watching it closely,' with a dbxterons (movement-he extracted from the flames ono 'blood-stained1 curt, 'dropping it into ,thol''A'ihb8'dKdbtf'iIibv"trito;1:'lThbttlriho glided "tntq. tlio ' dreismg- rodW "tthil washed hi3. hands un a. basin of wafer npoh' ' the' toilct-tablo, Smiling ' with a domoniao triumph 'as-ha did so.: 'He had'.lwori sp. poiscless' ih'at tho .sibepbr had not stirred. His evil 'work was dopo. All that rotAainod was -to got to bis own room'iinsaeH."'' ' -'"'V " He'rifiiockod'tho'dbbr'attd peored into tho 'ball. Tho ' britler had vanished. Brab'a&h; stole along the ball; gained his bwridbor, ttrid'entored his apartment; '' His first caro was to light the' dandle' hb'hadextlngitiShed aridto'oxnminohis re'mnirimg garmoht and his pbrsori. Not a drop 'nf blobd was visible -"riponrhlm. Not a- Bigri'or token of 'his nwful crimo »HS- aBy«lnjro"to "be - soon. His lips .rithed' intd.'a' wickbd nridtexnitant Bmile, and' Bo dropped inld W "'o'nsy- chair before his' 'bright hearth, and robbed his griilty hands together in tho warm blaze. He bad achiorod his gailty sqbepss., ; All that ho hiid longrf for and strlven to attain was almost in his grasp;", , Ho snddcrily romombored that ho had forgotten - to' lock his door and to ex tinguish his lights. Ho aroso, blow out tho saddles -rind advanced ' towards tire door. . ' ' ' ' i i At the same moment it oponed, softly and' noiselessly,. arid a man' oropt into- his presence.- ' ' Brabazon stared at him as if he-had- been a gorgon. a'nd looked as' it "tamed to stone.. The vidian's Sickly pallor, his starting 'eyos; his wild , visage, ai tested his horror and terror.. The man was no sorvant'of tho hoaso. Brabazon reeled back against a table as he . recognised him. Ho was Thomss Otowl, the son of tho former podrigogrio of tho villego, a man. natnrally shrewd arid' keen-witted, who had received.' an ordinary edncation, bat who hod in his boyhood -thrown off- the shaeklos bf parohtalcontro!,' end indulged ' Iri dissi pation and idleness. For tbo last year or - two Crawl had boon in London living by his wits, bnt had recently returned homo npon a visit to his aged father. Ho had a bold, had, reckless, foco, bnt no ono had ever sdspeetcd hlm'.of Aiidl- ness to commit n erimo. What had brought him horo within tho wails of Strathmoro mansion at this hoar 1 '' 'Brabazon tricd'to ask tho question, bat his stifl lips rsinsod to articalato. Thomas Growl sidled np to him, and laid ono hand npon his arm. Brabazon pnt his hand to his'hoart and dropped into' tho nennat chair. ' , "I was bid' in tbo old' man's' ward robe," s&id; Orowl " I was a witness of tho murder 1" Brabazon sprang np As. if .electrified, and mndo for tho , bolt- rope, with a wild idea of denouncing his visitor as tho murderer, thas sacrificing his notorious schemes, bnt protecting himself. Again Orowl laid a fierce grip npon him, reading his purpose. Hold 1" bo whisporod, hotly. " Two can play at that gaine. Don't bo too fast. I can bo bought 1" ...: Brabazon faced about, boginning to recover from his awfal terror. ' " Whit wore yon doing in the ward robe?" ho asked, hnakily. , .. " I don't mind- telling yon,- since yon won't bo likely to' betray mo," returned Orowl. "I 'wnS: hard np, and I'm thinking of , marrying. I know what ovorybody knows. Lord Strathmoro is miserly and kiiops monoy in the honse. I crept in at'dnsk and fouud my way to his room arid hid there for hours, think ing I'd creep out iri tho dead of night find rnh'llia nfn. f.linf. Atfnrvhndv fcnowa ho keeps in his bedroom. I was hid there all tho ovoriing. After -my lord wont to sloop bo scorned restless for a while and I kept mam. Whon ho had fallen into a sound sleep' I - orept ont' and bogan aa sxamination of his room and offe'ote. I wast at that when ; I thought I heard a.sound in the bail. I had orily time to slip into tho wardrobe whon yea camo in." " So yon wore thoro for purposos of robbery ?" said Brabazon, with a sneor. "And you woro thoro for murdor!" replied Oro'wl, coolly. " I'left my p'ur- poso'minccomplishcd, 'fearing any -plnn- doZ I might got would hang mo. Yon ria'nst niako up my loss. : I can't seo' all your little game, Mr Brabazon, but you okpoct to moko ' monoy ont of ' this night's' work, and you Bliall 'share it with mo !" r " I will— I will !" ' , ; " That's- cnongh; S on ' won't break yourproiriiso,'ni go baiK' Til remind you of'it later,'' "'As yon are to bo niy banker hereafter,,, yon may give mo twenty pounds lo-nighi " ' Brabazoi: proenred his- pooket-book and connted out tho. amonnt numod, his hands shaking as ho'did so. . . . - "Givo: mo tho pookot-bonk ,and all; Wo won't stick at trifles. . I'll got orit tlio'saino way aS I came in," said Growl, pocketing tho morioy, ' and not lcava a traco of my prosorico, yon may bo snro. You'd better got . to bed, my frlond, if vori intorid to show rip natural in the morning 1" Ha did not hngor for further con versation, having a proper regard (or ins- own (Safety. - Ho Bhppcd from the ToonV, "traversdd tlio 'great-, hall liko a ghost, !hnd " entered a >;guest-ohamlior which opened npon n balcony. Ho let himself out npon this balcony, closrd luo way of ogress, nod oinmhorcd to tlio ground by means of tlio great ivy that nearly covered that oido' of tho bnild- >0' ." '. . . I ; \- ' HA'hlood'ln tllo'imdst of' tlio thickly- falling snow, breathless, when a hutid was laid sriddonly upon Ins arm, nnd a figure was . outlined close beside him in tho pnlo gloom. . A-womnn's low, mocking laugh re stored him to his senses. " Is it you, Meg ?" ho asked, agrily. " It. is I; Tliomns Growl," was tlio answer. " I saw you enter this house liken thief hours' ago, and I'vo been watching forjyou Vvor since''"'' Yon look scared, Tom just ns if you hnd been committing murdor !. Yon'vo boon up to somo mischiof, that I know !" "'St!" wlusporcd Crowl. "Como away.'Mog." . Ho seized Iter arm -nnd liiirriod hor away into tho wlnrhng mist of snow that blotted out 'their tracks even as tliay wont. ... ' In his lonoly, lnxnrious chamber of the grand old mansion, the master of 'Stratlnndre Park lay Btark "arid ghastly,' lus pinched faco upturned to tlio pnlo firelight, his heart stilled fororor ! . Out into the wild, whito night his ' soul had flqwn-rit tho-wicked will-ofri' mnnlcrer, but'i is body lay horo,' a silent . horror, rigid ond white: as' the falling; snow. ' In bi3.qwn bed, asleop irr tho pro found sluniber of youth end health, was (Ralph Oiiandos, iri blest' uueonscions- ness of tlio awful fato lo'woring darkly above him. . ' 1 "< ' I " And in his apartment, ip hE bed aisb, Norman Brabazon lay, brpad - awako, riloditating npon tho peculiar" contr'cUmpa that had marred tho fall Igerfoolion of his plans, yot cxnlting iri the dot he had "so skilfully woven. 7 , " . '. ' ft isall right," he muttered. " Orowl wontd nevor dare betray bis presence In thU honoo to-nigbt, nnd so dj&gfara; his fathor and stamp himself , as. a common burglar and robber. Howorild. DOtdaro, fofi'wonld' fik the erime bnihim:' ; Bnt monoy has' bonght him, body oad soul ! Sleep, Ralph. Chandos 1 For. this is yonr lost night of peaco nnd1 hope on earth I. To- riio'rrow willsbo yoii' iri In folon's cell, abaridonod by all whoiri you havo.callcd friends, Btripped'ot position, honor, lore ! -And I— I shall bo Baron Strathmoro!" : . : " OHABIIII; . TItE.'AllBEST; : I'VlV '. Vfhori m6rning:dawncd'riji'6it,BiVath- moro Park, the pafd'grty. heanU:M light fell npon a strango white iSslpr'iJ ; Tho terraces and pardons, - tho parks, and tho wide avennos "wore covered:', with a shroud of glittering, parityv'/roih'' the midst of which ro3a ithe ' stately -palace of Strathmoro, with rill its groriderirririd magnificence, covering the horror, of that npper chamber.' . . The snow had ceased; failing., Tho san shone with sickly yellow bauds. Tho park laborers and gardeners fell to work at clearing away tbo parks arid porchos, an unwonted labor, for so.hcivy a iall of snow had not been known in Snssex in twenty years. ' Tho servants woro astir at on. early boar, for the Lord of Strathmoro, liko most elderly people, had been en, early riser, and he was a martinet in honso hold discipline. Tho kitchens woro alivo with bnstic, whon Doan, Lord , Strath moro's valet made his appcarenco. ' Ho was an honest fellow, of middlo ago, who had been reared npon tho cstato, and who was dovoted to the family iate- resss. it was ais carucss raprning aaty to prooaro a can of hot water to temper his master's invariable bath, and ho pro ceeded to fnifll that duty now. .He stopped to joko a moment- vrfth one of th'e mnidt, 'arid 'tben with , tho can of hot .water hastened upstairs, Ha opened his' master's door. No querulous voico greeted "hint as usuol from tho enrtained bed.1' Hb' sot down his can by tho hearth,1 drew tho drapery aside at: tho. windows, and Stirred'' tho still lingering embers of the fire, Spat ting on fresh fool. Then he'apprpacbed the bedsido and gazed iri through tho parted curtains. ; i . ' Th'o sight that mot His' gazo hold bim for a moment spollbound. ; Tho ghastly faco- on tho pillow, with thamyas still closed as they had been in sloop, tho pinohod. 'features - rigid in death, and .itho sunken breast with its gaping wound ( and awful stain of life- blood, presented a vision that seomcd to sear tho oyeballs of the gazer. The next minuto he pulled tho bell frantically, and sprang . to the door, fill ing tlio hall with his cries. : : . The servants came trooping to tho hcuuu. cvui(m uuauuuD, Bpriugiug iroui his bed, and throwing on hastily only tha most ' necessary garments, ran into the hall, and alriiost at tha samo instant Norman . 'Bfabazon, > dishevelled and soantily arrayed, mode his appearanco. "What! is the matter. Dean?" cried Ohandos; all alarm. " Has my nnclo a fit?" : ' . Dean wrong his ha'rifls wildly. " He's dead ! ' My lord is dead 1" ho shrieked. . " Ho's been mnriiered !" Tho'hiitlsr,'who'barl reached tho very, threshold of the baron's chamber, re coiled swiftly, and fixod a horrified gazo npon Ohandos. . . : . " Murdered 1 ' rcpontcd onr horo, not ribticing that strange regard, . Impos sible-! Lot mo pass, Dean I '. My nnole may bo doaid— but mnidorod ? - No, that is ittorcdiblo 1" Dean retreated into his master's room. Chandos, Brabazon, arid tho servants followed, A.' wild scene of confusion and terror "ensued.' : It-was -found' that tho body of the. mnrdorbd man was quitoi eold j' ho had beori doad for hoars. And. after that" first gianAo rit the bloodijipon the bed,; rind at '.tjio hidoous wound in tho harons hroast, it was cnojice, that young: Oli'riridbs 'wasejloBtj Ui. if stnnnod; looking dazed liy the atioct riio had received. It was ' ribtiAod," ?tc(o„; by the inquisitive : servants that:; -BrAbazon looked at his coasiri askarico rind as in horror of bim, and they, too, drotv'Away, and interpreted his ebockod silence to his -hnrt. : " Ralph," cried his troachorons consin, sharply, "are yon going to do nothing ? Oh, my poor undo I Who could havo been so wicked as to'murdcr you?'1 nnd ho pat his hondkorcluof to ins oyos. ' " What should I do?" asked Chandos, still boniidored by tho horror tlmt bad comu upon him. " Sand for tho pliysicmn, for tho police, for tlio coronor !"- cried Brabazon. " Tlio murdorcr most bo discovered ! Let no Ann hilt Mm irmnqnnimra Innvn flin dibiiso, ( MiIIib," and "ho turned1 to tho butler; "send niessengors.at onco, and do not let tny nncia's body be touched by anyone, ft must not bo disturbed until tho coronor comes !" Millie bowed assent and dirocrcd throe oi tlio grooms to mount tho best horses in- tho , stablo and proccod to Lowes, and summon to the scono of the tragedy tlio family- phyoicmn, tho coronor and tho polico. - Tho 'mon- hurnld away upon tfioir errand. ' : v" . sro . k/i "it.nh'it i " Aud-nbw,"' -said'Urabazon; talnog direction' eof affoirs, - " lot -nil leave -the room, 'had let a wiitch ho set! ati'tliA'door to provent Ihtrusloni" "Lot thA'trindows anddoorii' tlironghont'tlio' honse. remain as tlioy are, so- that tliA MMinW- of'tho murdoror's cscapa may casily bo- dis covered; '. J.'.'i ... . iV: His air of authority compolled ready obcdioricd.1'.;'Miliis sc'epnde'llisf'tifdcl's;. driving hiS'SabordinaVea "iroui tiio roomj Ralph Ghandos stood'af tho (hodsido and lbokod'loDgcafldiAatAliH,HyiJip'Qlfl|:he fnco of the murdered man. His uncle had ncyor shewn him , affccfion,, but, ho had lieen- kind to -him; had' brought ,him rip," his parenM hdving'died'yonhl'berord,'' had "given"" him ''ororj, ';ttdvdbtagb"of culture and oducatien, and,, Ohandos had felt for him a grritcfril regard,' overi'ifiio W ft'ot' ' hcteally lirired ' him. jTit' Was impossible to look iipon hiiri lying""hns; without being shocked, k and-Wthont a' sonso of profound pityind sorrow,'biit Millis noticod thaf ho shed no tears arid; betrayed no strong omotion, oxcopt that his fc&Wfcs; gfow hterh aiid whlto'7i:i. '. . Brabazon, withra glaaco at his consin, moved towards the door. Tho bntler approached Chandos; ' " If you please, Sir . Rnlpb,"' he said — " I bog pardon, my'Ifird— ' brit if yorir lordship has any ordors to giro — " ' Ohhndos ritiiftod at thii.titlo' tf. ffliieh ho was addressed. - It scarcely yot dawned npon him'thnt ho was now Lord Strathmoro. . . ' "I have no' orders' td give, Millidi'f-'ho said boarscly.' "Do as 'Mr Brabazon hasr- direeted. I-sapposo-some effort ought to be mado to' discover, tho mrir- dctor, bnt rire.cari wait for that until tho riolite arrivel!' -- . ' i .r ' Ho followod Brabazon "from the room. Millis eloscd th0 door;and)8et.ji gqajd jpfour it; ; Spooked and- rilmost stunned at tlio enddenoss of .the-uipfnl ralamily ' (tbot'lhad qrortakon hia mnclo, Ohandos -retired to; his own" chamber, and .Bra bazon also sooladcd.bimself. .Tho servants gossiped together, whis pering darkly their suspicion iri regard to tho commission' of; the crime; ' Ralph Ghandos hod b&oq; doariy lorcd'by' th'om all,, and gone knew hotter, than they bis' nobility bf sAnl, his flrio kcrisq M honor, his generosity and nnselfishhssA; yet, had hb not qnarinllod with his rihelo 'upon tho hroWooS day? 'Had 'ho'-not bten ordortd to loavo Strathmoro Park npon tfHK'vory fdbrhiiig?'1 ' Ha'd"fib,t his1 rinttO diifdAtdS Itii dOAttit hbperi for thii'fittbro? 1 And had ho not, in n single night, and bythisj+erf "dhhth/ -$Ui jfdd ' ftoni 4 "tho position of dependent npon a churlish old man to the posscsBlaa-bf ' ono "of'the noblost titles and richest estates oi England ? Had he-act pbtrerfril motives forliis. unclo's murder? Tbo men. in stjpSi 'ttreif 1 Tovo Tor 'Ralph' TJhSiidos bhook thoir heads sorrowfally arid went about with gloomyrfttOaJ. ; ; (To be Continued.) 