MUSIC AND DRAMA. Mr. H. Weist Hill, whoso death took place 011 Christmas night, was perhaps best known as the principal of the Guildhall School of Music, although ho' first achieved distinction as a violinist. In 1874 ho undertook the direction of the music at the Alex andra Palace, where much good work was accomplished, notably tho revival of Handel's oratorios ."Esther" and "Su sanna," and the performance of music by Bizet, Berlioz, Massenet, and othor French composers for the first time in England. The conductor followed up his predilection for the modern French school at Mme. Viard- Lonis's orchestral concerts, which be directed during 1878-79, and to Mr. Weist Hill, Lon doners also owe a first hearing of Goetz's symphony in F, of Brahms' second symphony in D, and of Svoudsen's symphony in D. In 1880 the Guildhall School of Music was started in a very humble way, in au empty wool- warehouse, with a grant of £350 from the City Corporation, Mfi Weist Hill was appointed principal, and began liis reign over 62 pupils, all told, who had, however, by the end of the first term increased to 216. By 1884 the pupils numbered upwards of 2000, and in the following year the erection of the present school on the Victoria Embankment was commenced, £20,000 being voted for the purpose by tiie corporation. The institution receives a yearly grant of £2100 from tlie' same source, and with 3500 students upon the rolls, ranks as the largest academy of music in the world. The successful career of the school is in a largo measure due to the talents aud administrative ability of the late principal. The name of Mr. Joseph Barnby, the conductor of the Albert-liall Choral Society has been mentioned as a probable successor to this important post. Mr. Alfred Collier, Bays an English journal, died in London doubtless the victim of an exaggerated idea of duty. A clause in his contract provided that lie should be present at the first performance of " The Mountebank," and he construed the proviso too literally, consequently, though extremely ill, I10 travelled to London from tho sunny air of Bournemouth. Ho put up at the towu residence, in Torrington -square, of his friend and Australian manager Mr. George YIus- grove. There he put the finishing touches to the orchestration of his opera, and ex- pi red in the presence of Mr. Musgrove an hour or two after ho had delivered tlie com pleted score. The latest addition to the well-known series of articles — half description and half interview — issued in the World under the generic heading of " Celebrities at Home," is Mr. Frederick Hymen Cowen, at Amity House, Hamilton-terrace. After describing the domestic surroundings of Mr. Cowen, the writer goes on to Bay, " About bis pil grimage to tbo Antipodes yonr host speaks with undisguised enthusiasm. " Music," lie tells you frankly, " has never had half so much done for its encouragement in the old country as in Australia, where high class work is thoroughly understood and appre ciated. I was given carte blanche by the authorities, and the series of 250 concerts I organised marks one of the plcasantest epochs of my life." There is no danger of Mr. Cowen forgetting liis Victorian friends. He shows you with some little satisfaction an illuminated address of welcome from tlie choir, 700 strong, beautifully illuminated in water colors, with vignettes of "Ruth "aud "Tho Sleeping Beauty" — in allusion to his well-known works— and views of the interior and exterior of tho Exhibition. He lias had all liis programmes bound together in a bulky volume and possesses two other addresses, the first from the orchestra and the second from the executive committee. Ylr. lladdon Chambers' new play, "The Honorable Herbert," produced at the Vaude ville Theatre last month, has had a mixed reception. While many of tho critics have praised the Australian dramatist's work, others have taken him to task very severely. One says that Mr. Chambers lias not suc ceeded as well with tho Chicago Millionaire and tli 0 Dissolute London Swell as with the Masquerading Bushranger and the Avenger of Blood ; another that he lias been studying Ibsen, and that " the marl; of the beast is 011 him and a third, that he has written a long, dreary, uudramntie play. The central motive, of "the Honorablo Herbert" is somewhat like . that of " Impulse," sexually inverted. Honorable Her bert Doring, an Englishman who has been sent to America tobe cured of an undue weakness for a Miss Florrie Simmers, marries a young lady of that enlightened country, but upon resuming to England again falls a victim to the charms of Miss Simmers. Mrs. Doring is. a strong-minded young lady. Finding that her husband is at Brighton with his first love she goes there at once and confronts him. Tlie Honorable Herbert is angry at this discovery, and after a scene with his wife lie goes a-driving with Miss Sunmers. In that drive lie is thrown from liis buggy aud physically wrecked. His wife nurses him through his illness, aud then a period of discomfort and uncertainty stirs the Doring household, for neither husband nor wife is certain of the other's feelings. I11 tlie end they are reconciled, of course. Ob viously tho subject Mr. Chambers sets him self for discussion is the behaviour of an ill- treated wife under great provocation. The fault of his play appears to be an over- ambitious endeavor to treat the question philosophically, to the detriment of dramatic interest. After the first performance, how ever, Ylr. Chambers revised his manuscript advantageously. Subsequently the author proposed to "brighten up the evening," as the JJaila Teleuraph puts it, .-with a farce called " The Collaborators," in which the parts were to ho played by Ylr. Sydney Brough and Mr. Charles Dodsworth. Mr. Tracey, whose success with excellent variety and burlesque entertainments at the .School of Arts has been quite remarkable, has acquired a lease of the Gaiety Theatre at Melbourne, and will manage it mid the School of Arts together, changing artists at short intervals. "The Mountebanks," the new opera by Ytessrs. Giibert and Collier, which was so successfully produced in London a few weeks ago, lias a story originated and treated in tlie satirical, quaint style which many people had begun to think Ylr, Gilbert bail iost. Tho motive of the plot is supplied by tiie members of_ a secret society called the Tnmorras, who sing, Our moLto is " revenge without anxiety," That is without, unnecessary risk." Mr. Gilbert gave a Pall Mall Budget inter viewer the following interesting particulars of the plot:— "An alchemist, who has blown himself up in his researches after tho philosopher's stone, lias left a powerful potion behind him, which has the property of making sham tilings real. This potion — which is diluted with wine — falls into tho hands of a number of persons, all of whom for different reasons are assuming iden tities or dispositions which do not belong to them. Unacquainted with the potion's power, tlioy drink the doctored wine, and at once are transformed into the characters they have assumed, Tims a gaugof banditti, who had seized a monastery for iv felonious pur pose, have disguised themselves in the monks' robes, and are transformed into veri table Dominicans — to the distress of tlie girls to whom they were to have been married. Two mountebanks who pretend to be clockwork representatives of Hamlet and Ophelia are transformed accordingly. A young bride, who, for an unworthy pur pose, has disguised herself us au old woman, becomes nu old woman ill fact. A conjuror who pretends to be dying of slow poison really suffers the agonies tie simulates. A young girl who protends an affection she does not feel, iu order to lure au admirer from a rival beauty, becomes the love-sick girl she affects to be, and her rival, who, for tlie purposes of rehearsing the reception of a couple of grandees, has assumed the part of a wife, becomes a wife ill earnest. Ol' course matters are eventually restored to their noriiial condition. " It is all 011 account of this potion?" "Y'es, aud tho sad part about it is that tho alchemist was a most proper person, actuated by a high moral tone, when lie was blown up. He wished that liis fateful potion should ho used to enable those well-intentioned people to realise those high aspirations and good inten tions which, us tilings now are, are generally supposed to form the ' macadam ' of a place we need not mention." Carl Hertz, the illusionist, is to bo paid £2600 by Ylr. G gorge Musgrove for a six months' tour in Australia, with passages from and to England for himself, Mmo. D'Alton and an assistant. "Hamlet" iu about to succeed "The Dancing Girl " at tho Haymarket Theatre. Mr. Bearbohm Tree will be tha Prince of Denmark; Mr. Mnckliii, tho King; Mr. Komble, Polumus ;' Mr. Frederick .Terry, Laertes; Ylr. Fernandez, the Ghost; Ylr. Rohb Harwood (brother of Yliss Lucia), Marcellus ; Mrs. Tree, .Ophelia ; and Yliss j Rose Leelercq, tho Queen. 1 " Iolantlie" is to be revived bv tho Royal | Comic Opera Company at Melbourne next j week during preparations for " La Cigala." j I Ji'r. Bland Holt is concluding a very sue- ; ; cessiul season in llobart with " Pluck. ' ! I Mr. Arthur Roberts, the famous comedian, I j who has been without a rival for years and i I whose successes include the creation of tlie i | part of Polydore Poupart iu "The Old ! I Guard" and the illimitable Stale-barred . oari- ! nature of Lord Randolph Churchill, fa likely j to visit Australia under the allspices of Mr. ' Coppiu and the Ylelbourno Theatre Royal j Company. Ylr. Roberts will bring a full ; company with liim. I Mra. "Hodgson Burnett's new rday " Tho ' Showman's Daughter" was billed for a 1 Loudon production last month. 1 