AFRICAN TRAVEL EXTRA ORDINARY. IN THE FASHION OF A SCIENTIFIC AGE- LEAVING JULES VERNE FAR BEHIND- WHAT PROF. 0ARNIER MEANS TO DO IN AFRICA. Professor Garuior is about to ntart for the wilds of Africa to fitody the apo ntnid Id# native surroundings, nnd ho supplies to tbo North American Review nn account of what he oxpccU to accomplish, llo intends to c≪ to hfa aid " all tho engine.14 of human invention '' which may conduce to hi# oncco, nnd it would ?cem none of Jule# Veruo's heroes will have the ghost of a chance beddo him. Tttc rnoFEssoa's woxdeepcl caqk Professor Gander's outfit will, of course, embraco a phonograph, a photo-camera, telephones, an clectrie battery, and eo on ; but the most novel appointment will bo a cage, which he has specially designed for the trip, aod of which ho give# tbo following dcicrip- tion The csgo ia made of stool wire woven Into a diamond-shaped I&ttico;, with a two-inch moth and framed ia strong t«el frames. Each panol of tho cago is three foot six inches square, and there are in all twenty-four panels, each one int# rchangeablo with ail the rest, so that they can bo unitod with ease into a ouhe of aovcu foot square, aod any sido will servo for top or bottom, and any panol can bo used as a door. TUB C5H3 OP TOR CAOE. Tho uses to which tbocage may bo put wiU» of course, bo numerous - It can bo crcctod a# easily as a tent, and will bo used at night to camp in. It will icrro me as a honso whilo I may bo dotained in making torms with tho natives or studying their spocoh ; and it will be a fortress In tho jungle, whero Imustspond most of my timo in trying to find tho secret which I seek. But the use of my cago will not bolimitodtoamero placoofeafotyfrom tho wild beasts that prowl through tho forests at night ; it will eorvo also as a depot for my supplies. It will bo ocked securely to tho adjacent trees by three strong chains attached to a Y-shaped iron, bolted through tho top of tbo cago. It will contain hammock and camp chair. Besides these, it will be occupied by my phooogrsph, pbotographio instruments, telephones, and oloctric battory with which to operate them. A single charge of this elootrio battery will last for about 300 conacoutivo hours. By tho uno of a small switchboard, I shall bo able bo flremyflath light at nig&fc;, or to snap my kodak in tho daytimo, and to operate my telophonea if necessary. In ease uf danger or unexpected attack, by the uso of my switch board and by means an induction coil, I can charge tho entire cage with electricity, developing an alternating enrrent of about 300 volts. In leaving my cage with Its con tents for any length of timo, I shall simply charge it in this manner with electricity, In order that in my absence my meddlesome neighbors may be induced to lot it alone. V.V1QOB ASn MAH7HU.OCI, A 11 unique and marvellous" experiment among them&ny; which tho 1'rofeasor expects ts be able to perform is that of phonograph- ing the sound# of tho ape# at a dUtanco from his cage, whero hia phonograph will bo located at times. I shall accomplish thi (he says) by means of the telophonea which I am having con structed for tho purpose with a waterproof cable wire connected at coo end with tho 1 diaphragm of tho phonograph, aad at tho othor end (which may bo csrriod any dietunco, even a mile or moro through tbe forest) con- ooctod with a small tolephono concealed in a tin horn ; all of which will bo painted a dingy green in order that it may be con cealed in the leaves or hidden in the moss or undergrowth of tho forest. In front of this horn will bo placed deeof#, baits, effigies, mirrors, or sttch other means u may be foand necessary to induco tho chimpanzees sod gorillas to uttor their sounds there, whloh sounds of conrje will bo tmmodiatcly trans mitted to, and recorded on tho phonograph cylinder, which will bo operated by elec tricity. I'uoToaaAFiry xxTRAoanixanT. The Professor means .to provide himself with gtoboe for ineandesceat light. These will bo connected with his battory, 00 that in csae of alarm during tho night 41 tho oause may be easily ascertained by simply switch ing on tho light for a few seconds." If it is found that auything within tbo fleldofmy kodak shall bo worth potographing, tho fiaxh light will be fired and tho picture taken, including the cageand its surroundings, Amid tho deep silonco of tho forest I shall take a photograph at nightfall, ono at mid night and ono at tbe dawn, thus preserving a vivid idea of tbo approach of darknoss, tho appearnnco of tho forest by artificial light in tho dead, still houre of night, and the awakening of lifo in the eariy dawn when the first raja of sunlight glanco through tho foliage wet with tropical dew. MOMS IUBVKLLODS TOATS. These Intouded feats of photography will to tbe initiated seetn sufficiently etartUog. But greater wonders remain behind I expect to bo able to aoouro photographic viows of the home lifo of thoso great apes, as alio of the natives of the earao regions. I hope to seenro photographs of their mouths in tho act of talking, and at tho same time the phonographio records showing the rounds thoy utter. With tho aid of my phonograph I ahall rooord and bring home tbe sonnda of all tho creature# of thoo deep forest that utter speoch, aod with my camera shall preecrvo for civilised man photo graph# of the Royal famllioa, the bsaox and belles of Royal society in evening dress, the peasantry, slaves, and social parasites, tbo wild beasts, tho tropioal birds, and even tbo slimy serponts that infest theEdooof tropical Africa. Ishallsecuru tha social aod religious songs, tho rites and ceremonies, tbe muaie and spooch of tho people. I shall toko photo graphs of their homea, whloh will afford a vlridideaof the domeitio lifo and habits of this curious pooplo, as they may bo found worshipping their diettes or dancing in their sins. Wo may tkua ascertain how much houdago aod civilisation have reipsotively wrought for this rocs by comparing thsir condition with that of their ' kinsmen In America, who havo grown up under tho in fluences of civilisation. .This will ho on im portant ethnological faot to detonnino. DXADLT wcarows. . Tho Professor's outfit will, of oourse, iu- cludo somo deadly weapons. To firo a gun in the forest wonld alarm tha animals and drive them from ths locality. Bat the Pro fessor's resources are equal to all emergen cies I have devised a gun and miisile suited to' my sptoial use. The gun barrel is simply n straight reed about four feet long, bored out smooth and uniform, and the misele is driven by tho foroe imparted by two strong rubber bonds and two steel springe. The weapon is oharged with aq arrow or dart having a steel bead of peculiar design, whloh ! foe cod open on entering its quarry, the oontente of the arrow-bead being thereby discharged. The arrow-head will contain fifteen drops of praasio acid. In case I shall oe on animal or agroqpftfanjpiaU,whkhI may desire to eeenre, by the nso of this in strument I oan secure ' either one, or all' of them, without unnccoisary injury or alarm The offoct of this acid discharged ia tho blood is almost instantaneous and painless death TO SB BP TUX " FSROCIOW BEAYT " AT TUT. For personal preservation, Professor Gamier has a more wonderful weapon still : — 41 My masked battory consists cf a rubber eantcen of my own device, to whioh is attached a here about two feet long, on the end of which is a metallic nozzle, provided with a ring to fit tho fourth finger, and a valve opomnir and closing like a fiuto key. Tho canteen will be worn bnoklcd under the arm, whilo tho ring on tho nozzle will be worn on the fourth finger of tbe right hand, so that it may bo used on tho iuitnnt ia case of surpriso. Thi# battery will be charged with concentrated ammonia, a doujlio of which in close quarters will set tho most ferocious beast to thinking. 44 NO END BUT TRL'Tlt." Most readers will think the Frofcstor's preparations fairly adequate, but it is gratify ing to learn that if the plans ho has laid shall fail "now ones will bo thought out and put to tbetct. 14 1 feel adequate to tho task of mooting these animals on their own grounds, boUcring that ray intelligence will bo equal to their brute strength. I am willing to forego tho comforts of civilised life, tho endearments ot home, and the blessiugs of health and plenty, and tako upon myself tbo hardships, the privations, and tho toil of sttch a journey that I may give to tho worl l tho secret with which to pais the gate# ol speech. I ask no reward but suocc.#, I seek uo end but truth." We trust that he may find it. Tho no- count of hi# preparations come# precious near impressing the English reader with tho belief that be has not found It yet.— 41 Poll Mall Budget." 