Traveller. Indian Ghost Ch-triiis- The dread ol ghosts is common to all the aboriginal raccs ol India, trom whom it has beon very goncrally adopted by their Aryan oonquerors, and oven by tho lowor olaeses of Mohammedans. All ghosta aro believed to bo miBohiovous, and Bomo of them bitterly malicious, and the only WBy to oppose thoir rancor is to build Bbrines for thom, ond to mako them offer ings of a fowl, a pig, or, on grand oceaaions. of a buffalo. Any eovoro illness, and mort cspcoially any cpidomia disease, Buuh at small-pox or oholora, is attributed to the malignanoy of theso spirits, who muBt be propitiated accordingly. Tho man-tiger iB, parhaps, tho most droadod of all _ thoBo demon ghosts ; for w]-on a tiger has killed a man, tho tiger is st^osed to bo oato from barm, bb the spirit of tho man ridca upon bis head, and keeps him clear cf danger. Accordingly, it is believed that tho only euro mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many peoplo it to brgin by making offerings to tho Epirits of hie victims, thereby dopriving him of their valuablo cervices. Tho gbostB most easily propitiated are thoso who have mot a violent or untimely death, whether by design or aooiuent, in cluding poison and diseaeo. Even women who die in childbirth or wrotcheo who are hanged for their crimes are believed to have the same powers of causing their ovil to tho living as thoso who havo been killed by tigera, or by lightning, or by ony other violent cr.use. All theso deified spirits aro ofton diatinguished by somo term denoting tho manner of their death ; thue, tho goat of a man killed by lightning is oalled the 'Lightning Ghost,' that of ono killed by a snake, the ' Suako Ghost,' and bo on. The ghosts of women wbo dio during childbirth aro auppOBed to bo specially powerful and vindiotivo. Most ot tba dcaeaeed' persons whoso spirits aro now worshipped were the anoestors of ecme of tho aborigines, and as General Cunningham, the head of the orohmologioal survey of India, Bays, thoir worship ia generally local, aud oonfined to the limits ocoupiod by their respeotivo tribes. Tho ceremonies observed in propitiating the ghosts consists mainly of tho offering ol goata, fowla, pigs, flowers, or fruit, of the recitation of prayers, nnd tho singing of certain mantras, or charmB, tho last being tho most importan! of nil. Theso dharms, whioh aro always cung by mon at tho dif ferent shrines, aro of two kinds — the ' Sabaro ohatm3' and tho ' mjBtioBl in oantations.' The former arc addressed to the deified ghosts of tho dead, tho perform ance boing generally carried out in tho oountry, or tho plnco whero the oorpso was burnod, ond tbo lnttc-r aro used for tho pur pose of compelling epiritn to appoar and re ceive the ordors of tho performer. 