Til GBEAT OPAL ; ; MYSTERY. CHAPTER XXI.— (Continued.) " I, my dear fellow !" exclaimed St. Lawrence, the blood flushing his cheeks and brow, and his heart - throbbing with an emotion that in its intensity was pain. " Are you dreaming 1" When Douglas left Bertha Dalton- the previous evening ho had guessed her secret, as she had feared he would; but he left with a generous resolve to bring these two he so thoroughly gloved and valued together. As he said, he had not slept, for not only did ho ..feel his own disappointment keenly, but it was with many a bitter and jealous pang that he made up his mind to- Btand on one side that his friend might, be happy. He did make up his mind, however. He had told'Bertha that, if she would not have him for a husband, she should have him "for 'a. brother ; and, after all, if St; Lawrence and- Bertlpv .loved each. otlir, he could, not keep them apart; even . if he . had' the — vwil, and it was better to help than to hinder — better to keep a warm place in their affections if he could not hold the first where he wished, So,/ after tossing about through a restless, and wretched night, he came to his friend befpre his resolution failed/.'-. "Ho," ho replied to St, Lawrence's question," I am; going to make a. clean breast of it. I1 think I blinded myself when we were with Bertha together. I have seen the blushes rise to her sweet face, and the light, come into her eyes, and I tried to hope it was for me; but I see I was mistaken. . Well,' perhaps, as you have sometimes told me. I ain nor. intended for a married man, but if Bertha would have-had me I would have tried to-make her happy, Heaven knows." He ended with a sob, leaning his head down on his crossed arms. ''Iam sure you would, dear boy," said St. Lawrence. " And 1 know what: it must have cost you to say what you have told mo just now. Do not talk of it any more, unless it does you good to speak out. I am in a desperately idle vein, and going to take a long ride ; come with me— don't go and mope at home." : . i " I don't know ; it's scarooly worth the trouble;" Douglas replied," raising . his head. - / . " Hay, come," St. Lawrence urged— " come for my sake, if you will not for your own." ..... " Well, as you \yill," .Douglas re joined, languidly rising from; his seat and taking his hat. " I may .as ; well, go as stay, and stay as go, for any thing I see.- Hang- it all, it has been a blow to me, 1 I suppose a fellow doesn't get over this sort of thing all at once." . ' . . " Ho," said :St; . La;vron<fe, placing, his.hand.on his friend's shoulder ; "I think if it were my case, I should never get over it. But you: . are naturally, more .-buoyant, Douglas ; I- have more; hope for you." Winch i means I am a. shallower, mortal," Douglas commented, with the; ghost of a smile. " And I am afraid she thinks so too." "That is not what I intended." .re- turned St. Lawrence ; " you know it is not. . Don't I know your warmth, of heart? Haven't you stuck", by..: mo through good report and; evil report ? Haven't you believed, in mo when no one else did? Don't think me a callous briite, Douglas?'? " I believed in you because I couldn't help it," acknowledged Douglas. " Well, if we are to go, let; us bo ofl"; it is stifling here. What do youvpro- poso ?" ' , " To talco the train to Epsom. ' said : St. Lawrence as they desoended the stairs, " hire the horses we've hadibe- fore ' if we can get them, and take n long stretch out through the country.1 We can dine somewhere while we put upf.he nags, and return in the evening!" "Oh, hang the dinner!" cried, Douglas. _ "That was not always your creed, old fellow, St. Lawrence said, smijihg. " Do you remernbor dragging me ofl'to dine one day after the promenade in the Botanical Gardens, when I would have said, ' Hang the dinner i' just as you do now?" "Ah, that was where we met Bertha," observed 'Douglas. " How you were taken with Lena then?" ' "Because I didn't see belo\v the sur face," St.. Lawrence explained. "That fancy was soon oven." Douglas looked in his friend's faco wistfully, as if ho longed to question hiin ; but, thinking better of it, ho smothered a. sigh, and walked on in silence. A crowded London thorough- ,fare was not favorable to much con versation of a confidential kind, nor was a railway carriago, and but little more passed till they arrived at Epsom, wh'ero they were fortunate to secure 1 tho horses they wanted. Turning their heads southwards, they soon found themselves pursuing tho course of the Mole, through tho lovely scenery amongst tho Surrey Hills. What a change from the heat and 1 dust of London ! Instead of bricks and mortar, there were wooded uplands and ; verdant meads, and lanes shaded by magnificent trees yet in their full glory, and bordered by tangled hedgerows, where bunches of blackberries, scarlet hips, white convolvulus, and,i wild . clematis were growing in sweet con fusion, tho river flowing placidly; dark' with tho reflection of (overhanging foliage, water-lily leaves .sleeping/; on i its surface. Instead- of the trampling of feet, tho rattling of vehicles; ancl ' the many-voiced hum of , the- world's , toilers, there were the song of birds, the tinkling sheep-boll, and tho lowing, of cattle.- All breathed of peace. Hature , was a - wonderful " comforter, and the two equestrians, each, with his own burden of, care, found it lightened, and more easy, to bo borne. , Tliev - were approaching: a village. tho church; spire just visible above the trees, when'they -noticedia- pretty cot- tage standing back in a small : garden, and partly concealed, from, the road by a high laurel hedge. A Virginia creeper, now turni ng crimson, covered the front;- -and several line trees formed a' leafy background, v ft What a charming snuggery 1" St. Lawrence exclaimed. "If the worst conies I think I shall 'bury: myself in such, a , place' -as that, and forget-the world and its ovil doings." " But not alone," . said-. Douglas, with ; a pang of uncontrollable' jealousy. - ; " Oh, I don't know ; -. we : needn't settle that now,'' ; St. Lawrence ro- plied evasively, anxious to save- his friend fronv pain. :,/ . ; ..' As he spoke; two persons- emerged from . the .porch / of the cottage, : and came down the path; to the gate. One . was q. handsome,, dark- complexioned showy-looking -.woman ; tlie other./ a rather- undersized man, with dark hair and .whiskers, Iiisi, appearance being- that of a servant out of lively. /. " Be sure to tell' him > lie must come at once," said -the lady, as : the friends walked their horses past. The1 man touched his hat with an afiirmativo - answer, .-and then , walked a(\\\ ay towards " .the /railway- station/ The lady; returned up'/ the' path tothe' (cottage,'/' - :.i; / V/ !'//»/'!! ;'/ St; Lawrence and Douglas, looked at each other in astonishment. ... /."Can;- I be mistaken?" -said" /the: former. "I was startled at first,'' Douglas observed ; but I think our oyes must have deceived us." . " I should be inclined to imagjne so, too, but that I feel certain, that I have seen that woman before,'! said St. Law rence. " Her face ; seems to connect itself with some not; over-pleasant ro- .collections of my youth; ; But, after all, it must bo a- trick of fancy," ho. added ; "the woman I- allude to is probably "There's no saying who's away or who. isn't," remarked- Douglas-;1 "one is always running against pepple in the most extraordinary manner;?' , " I shouldn't be surprised," said St. , Lawrence, after a pause of considera tion.'' : ,/./":/. "I verily believe you will hear, of something to- .your advantage— as -the. newspapers say; — before long.- I think I am becoming -prophetic,"' observed Douglas, with something of his former vivacity. " Prophesy- a cutlet and a glass of good ale, then," said St. Lawrence, throwing off his train of serious thought, and urging his: horse into a trot. "That church spire marks tlie neighborhood of an . inn where anglers much do congregate. There we shall find good cheer." CHAPTER XXII. . : / ...I-'!- Mrs. Dalton's visit , to tlie Lurches had to bo postponed sine die. A most gracious letter had been received from Lord Alphington, notifying -the plea sure lie, would havo in receiving Miss: Dalton as one of tlie family. I-le also promised,, an early visit. Sir Stephen and Lady Langley had also written kindly,; though -the, latter rather avoided congratulation, dwelling more upon good wishes. Sir Stephen took the privilege of an old friend of the family to beg Lena's acceptance of fifty pounds towards her trousseau — a most . welcome addition. . ... . . A a + ? i vi a nnccnrl T7niiflnn »f. n'rosearl -Pn»» a speedy < termination' to his time of' probation, and Mrs. Dalton, ' mindful of a certain old proverb about tho "cup and lip," placed no obstacle in '.the: way of his wishes '; she, applauded !only' her own foresight in, having com menced' preparations immediately upon the engagement. There was to bo a ball at :the house of a friend at High- gate in the, beginning of .October, on die occasion of an eldest son's attain ing, his! majority'; and to this ball, for some reason she did not choose to divulge, Lena insisted upon1 going. With that exception she made no Objection to her mother's arrangements on hor behalf. Fancourt had , been in daily , atten- dance at Ivy Cottage, but before his marriage lie had affairs to settle whioh. required his attention, , /, " I intend going down into SuiTey, and shall; come up only.' for my. wed ding," said- Eancourt' to his cdnfldential man John,' as lie ;sa't . in his , dressing- gown over an elaborate breakfast: in Magnus-square. I'm feeling precious, seed y, apd /;Wan b '/ bracin g : up / before going abioad " ' "Mrs. Lemont will bo very glad to see you, sir," observed John. "I sup pose, now you are on tho point of marrying, you will have to make some different arrangement there, sir." "Undoubtedly," said Fancourt, help ing himself to a slice of Strasbourg pic. " I shall not go to the cottage now, but take up my quarters at ' The Angler's Rest.' You will go with me, of course — I may want you. Have my things packed so as to start to-morrow. I shall drive down in the dog-cart— I may want that." " Very good, sir,'' responded the ready John. "And, by-the-bye, I shall take Juno. She is shy; and doesn't follow svell at heel. See that my new Manton is put up. I dare say I shall shoot over Sir Trevor Sutton's ground while I am there " : ' Juno was a white-and-tan setter that Fancourt had received from tho keeper at , Alphington Park, and was apt to put her tail between her legs and slink off at tho sound of her new master's voice, not finding kicks and oaths to her taste. For John, on the contrary, 1 she had conceived a great affection. Fancourt, when away, from his' fiancee, had evinced much'- disquietude, of mind since, his engagement. Evidenly. .the . ' gratification, of / his most - pas sionate .wish had nob brought him" \- tho 'rapturo'it ought to have brought. /Certainly, in the presence ofhis beauti ful mistress, his uneasiness,. from what- , ever causes it arose, disappeared ; but, j when away from her immediate in fluence, some evil spirit seemed to pos sess- him, .driving him to seek forget- fulness in excess, and the nervous de- pression in -the morning after a night's \- debauch was terrible to witness. John watched his master narrowly, and ' drew his own conclusions. | , 'Lord Alphington and his grandson ' approached no nearer as time wore on. Fancourt had spent a :'few ' days at Alphington Park ./when -partridge shooting commenced, and during/ this visit the dissatisfaction : the ; -Earl had : felt with -regard -.to his new-found re lative had become' positive' aversion. At the expiration of a week he-had plainly intimated to -the young: man that . the less they saw; of each other the more likely they were -to. avoid an open breach. ' 1 Fancourt was not one to take1 pleasure, in the society oLa ipan. like his grandfather. He had no sympathy with his refined tastes or his benevolent schemes ; nor , had rural, pursuits or tho society of tho; neighboring j. country -families any attraction. He pronounced ; all an insufferable ' bore, and: did -not hesitate to declare -openly that when he became Earl of Alphing-- I ton ho, would employ an agent, who i would keep the tenants up to' tho mark; and lie himself would visit the Park only,for :a few/weeks during the shooting season, and when . he could havo " a lot of fellows " down, and be i independent - of /" a set .. of , prosy old'1 fogies . likef Sir Stephen Langley and the, rest of; the neighbors. This 'being . the!' ease, it 'did not seem that banish ment from 'Alphingtou- Park and the Earl's presence would have power to disturb: his rest. Gambling, being one of the few vices to which lie was not addicted, debts and-duns could have no- j place amongst his troubles. : Tlie cause of restless' -nights and haunted days j had to.be sought elsewhere. : : j j : lb was a fine autumnal day, and tho Honorable Mr. Fancourt was on his way down to one of the prettiest nooks in all Surrey. He did not s'eem ex hilarated by the ride, but drove rapidly, as if his only object' was to get over \- f.lio rrpnnrirl n.u cnnnrlilv fi.a nncctliln "NTni» did . ho exchange a word with John, \- whose attention was mainly devoted tothe task of reconciling; Juno to her ; mode of . locomotion; Juno giving ' sundry, hints of a preference; for her/ !. own. four feot. Arrived, at the " Angler's Rest," and having engaged the best rooms the inn afforded, Fancourt ordered dinner, and then s'trolled- down to the cottage, leaving John : behind' . ; ; v It .was; : with' compressed : lips and j moody brow tliab lie. opened the little gate, in, the laurel hedge, rand;/, walked up: the path' to the house manbled'over with. Virginia creeper. - Mrs.' Lemont had been watching for him; and opened the: door herself. Much to : her sur prise,, his greeting was;more affection ate than it had been for sorao time past. , ' , " I could not tell, what to make of your note," she said, as she led -the way into the parlor. | f Could .you not? Well, I am here to explain/' returned . Fancourt;;; drop ping into a lounging-ohair near the window; '.'I havo come do wnto The Angler's Rest ' 'for'a; while ;; I am nob- quito the thing,- and want-nursing."... ; i " And so you come to me?" interro gated Julie. i . " Where have I - a- better ; right to come?" asked Fancourt, with' an as- ; sumption of tenderness. "Howhero," Julie replied'; ' " if you have , missed me, it has been;through. no fault of mine. You judged it i lsnffflM iiWrlmi f lin nii'nnrnefnnnfte tlini- T j should be' here — I agreed /with you that it might be so. "In keeping. silence I have made sacrifices that few. women would have made ; when is it' to end ? When are you likely to: be your own master?" ' .- ; . She had . placed herself . opposite to Fancourt, where sho could watch his countenance. ; ' Ho drew back within the shadow of the curtain to avoid her scrutiny. .. . .. " How can I tell ?" he said. ." Lord Alphington is a'-jialc man, a'nd miiy live for years— confound it 1 He doesn't like me— there is no uso in .disguising the fact ; so that. I, ;am farther. than over from being able to havo my own way." .. . . .. " Why doesn't lie like you ?" in quired . Julio, . impatiently. " What have you been doing ? How has he come to know you so well !" : " You're ' not fair! upon mo, Julio— 'pon! my honor, you'ro not," said Fan- conrt, wincing, " When I: want' to do only what is bestjor us both— for our : future, you know.: If 1 1 am- secure as to the title and entailed 1 estates, Lord Alphington might .will, away from me every shilling that lie possesses — and, by Jove, I believe he Would too if I went against him. Will you listen' patiently while I tell you what I propose?'' " Have I not given proof enough of patience?" demanded Julie, tapping the ground with lier . foot. " I am nearly tired of it— .tired of being cooped up here, -I expected that by this tirao you would have won over the old earl. I would have done so." "Then, ifyou are tired of being cooped up here- you will be the more ready to do what I wish," Fancourt rejoined,, taking no notice of the latter part of her speech. "You cannot remain in England without danger of detection, and that would be ruin to me. By Heaven, it makes me mad to think what it would be 1" he went on' with a sorb of groan, Writhing in his chair as he spoke. " Will you join your brother in France, or Will you return to America? You promised to keep quiet till Lord Alpliington's death." " Ho 1" cried Julie, her eyes flashing, her whole frame quivering'with anger; " I will not go I . I 'see what you want. You would: get rid of me if you could. .But you will. not. find that, iso easy a matter. Suppose I go myself to Lord Alphington?" " And bejput qnder- restraint as a mad: woman," said' Fancourt, '- with a sneer.;.;. "Do -you think for a moment lie would' listen to you ?" ' " " Yes," answered -Julie, in; a lower tone, her eyes ' fixed1 upon her com panion's face ; " hp would ; recognise that there must be. truth in what I should say, for -I hftve-the ring." " Which, vou stole." observed, Fan- court, coolly, nob evinoing'the surprise she expected. " Do you know-that the matter has beemput into the hands of a detective ? . '. If' you brought that ring; forward you; would.have to answer for the possession of it."- - : I'-And-.L would tell them 1" she ex-; claimed, greatly excited; ' " Do . you think I should- eare what they did to me ? I would tell them who I am. It; would, be for you to deny it." ; - , " Which I should do most.decidedly," said -Fancourt, ' doggedly/ "How, - Julie,- be (reasonable. You can gain', nothing by going against me — nothing at all. What is -to prevent my stop ping .the allowance I give you ? But 1 don't want to do that, though it's .an infernal 'drain- upon mo,, by- Jove — that; and'tho sums that I havo to scud to that- confounded brother of yours !" \- " What is !to prevent your stopping my : allowance ?" cried Julie. " You know what would, prevent -your - stop ping it; You know you dare not; I' hold you in-my power. .,Go I will not at -your bidding-; nor- will"!; wait much-: longer. - Am I.to waste my life while you revel ? "Dorf't'think You told ; me Lord - Alphington - was aged and feeble." . , ! .Fancourt /had .become very : white with.some inward -struggle ; cold drops stood on his brow'- - " Is it your determination not to -go ?" he , asked j/zitra-'low-jv-oons trained .voice. : 'J There/ may ' be safer; places found for the refractory than: either ; France or America." ' - - "Do- you- threaten v me?" . she ex-" claimed, hotly. '(Take care, what vou do !" , ; "I will take : care," said Fancourt from between, his-, closed teeth; as he rose from . his: -seat.'- "I shall -be here some time ; perhaps before l leave you- will have changed- your tune.'' , ; "Ho, no— a '.thousand times no:!" Julie cried, also, rising; " I- have given you warning— tonce — twice. Soon I shall act." . Yfl« vaii hn.va- .mo' wn ,i»r»i rin> — ».W.W a.TW« said Fancourt,- taking up ' his hpt.' :":But- 1 don't . want. : to ;. quarrel with you, - Julie — 'pon my honor, I don't. ' I came here to be friends;" He did- not meet - her eyes ' as lie spoke, .but smoothed his hat round with his glove. -. "You came here to get ...what you wanted, f . rejoined ; Julie; -bitterly. " But neither do I '-...want to quarrel.- Only you must -undorstand that I am- not to be put; out of the way just- when it suits.. your- turn, if you have your- game to play, I have mine. We have : gone t'irou'gli -much together, Sedley," e'-'e added;: in; a'1 softened tone y. " why suould we be- adversaries now ?' " It depends upon, yourself," said: Fancourt;1 /sullenly.- ."fl will see- you: to-morrow ; - you-- had better think over what .T.iiave said.", , And then -lie- took his departure, and- Julie.: stood - looking -'after!- him witlr flushed cheeks and- knitted- brow; ''.There. , is: something lie will not confess to rqe;" she said to herself, as a sudden suspicion shot through her like a, sword-thrust. John-.- will, know whom. he has. m'ade-.noquaintanoe -with,. and where he visits. I- will question John." . " I do not think Juno' is quite well, sir," observed -J olin to -., his master, ;the day : but one following the interview between J ulie Lemont and-, Fancourt;; "she's oft' her foed, and hangs her head queerly." . " I don't suppose there's much the: matter;";. -Fancourt ' returned/ - care- lessly; : " Leave her. alone ; I'll look after liar." . . : John made no reply. - He finished laying, out .- his mnster's clothes, and, . there being no further occasion for his .attendance:' just /then,1 he well t into the -inn: kitchen -,and' liglited-a pipe, and then lie sauntered to the front door,';, whereat he stood smoking and ruminating. CHAPTER XXIII. ' . For.' some time past St. Lawrence had remained away from Ivy Cottage, for. the sake of his own honor and peace : of mind, and then he delayed' the renewal of his visits out of tender:' <ness to his friend. Happy as he could not fail to. be. in the knowledge that, no- barrier existed between him and the woman he loved, he could- not make any display, of his joyful feel ings—could do nothing to forward his own suit while Douglas wus suffering from recent disappointment. Douglas came to tho determination of spending the winter in Rome, and spoke of sotting off at once, so as to visit the cities of northern Italy by the way. But, impetuous and hasty as ho was, never resting until he had, carried out any project on which he was bent, he found it impossible to arrange to leave England as soon as >-.he -had at first intended. Certainly he had sent home one uncompleted -portrait ho had on his easel, declining to receive any remuneration for it in its -unfinished state, and St. Lawrence had .'undertaken the ' commission of letting ' the studio and disposing of various articles Douglas no longer /needed; still many little matters re quired his personal attention, and, in i spite of his impatience, some few weeks | elapsed before' he sent a farewell' note /to Mrs. Dalton instead of calling, packed up his colors and brashes,, and , bade good-bye to St. Lawrence, who saw him into the tidal train en route for Boulogne. / . ; Then, and/not till then, did. St; Law- . rence feel himself free. He gave little credit: to what, Douglas had hinted about Bertha's feelings towards him, but yet ho. did not despair. He told . himself: that, if devoted love could win her, he would win her, if she gave ! him only -the faintest shadow of hope. He would wait and persevere till he. | gained-- her regard. Hothing seemed ; impossible for him with Bertha's love . as his reward. If fortune smiled upon' him; she would still be his priceless treasure j - if it frowned, he was ready- j to set its threatenings at defiance with- ! her by- his side. ' / . ; . Douglas' - departure threw Mrs. Dalton into' a strange confusion be- | tween1 regret and vexation. She' was puzzled .to account, - for; his leaving . England." without calling;": when they \- had always been upon friendly terms, and 'his. noto gave no- reason- for, such I unaccountable behavior.- It' merely stated his intention of spending the -winter on the Continent — that .was all. . U Tf Bo. Jin/1. amIv onllorl T miorhfc have managed to- bring things- round- 1 after-all, " she "said to Ber.tha., Mrs;' , Dalton had' great faith in her: diplo matic powers. . ;« Bertha kept silence.- She, would. have- liked , to see Douglas again to assure him of her friendship, of her interest / in-, his welfare, and ; to/wish him God-speed ; -but, a's he.had-judged it best that - they should1'- not meet t again,, she could, only acquiesce.-. , ... - . The intended visit to the' Larches : had not been given up, though it was \- postponed ; she. was to go there' with \- her mother- after Lena's marriage; ;and | there she would most, probably remain. I The- prospect of' leaving- London- was anything-, but joyful to riieru Of the . two she would-infinitely have preforred I to. resume her former toilsome duties. Taking / up -, her - - rosidence.- with Sir i Stephen . and - Lady .Langley would I efiectually close the. door -against. any | hope of - meeting St., Lawrence again. :-:All : she could'.look' forward to in .the fu ture -would- be watching. for miention i of" his name as . he: rose to. eminence | as -an artist;- This would .be but meagre /- satisfaction ; but she -' was: ; not; utterly-unhappy in:- her love-- from' j pride- in; the : object that inspired it. ; She had given up. the hope that--he would - call- again at Ivy- Cottage ; and'.-when at- last he did call: slier was ;outvwith Lena, and Mrs. Dalton was at home, alone. . St. - Lawrence quickly perceived a change in Mrs. Dalton's manner to- wni'rla Kim nnrl nf cunnADnrl tian -coldness- might arise from offence, on account of-, his-' having, absented him, self spjong: He attempted no apolpgy- however, , for- lie could. allege no excuse. The real cause he could not divulge. f (TO BE CONTINUED.) 