SPORT AND ANECDOTE. | (From a Correspondent.) ] t WHICH IB OUB NATIONAL 8P0BT? I I never pan .understand those ounoua unob servant people who bother the sob- editors of our daily newspapers with such questions as, " Whion is considered the national sport of England?" "Zs Liverpool a seaport?" " Does upwards of 100 mean more or less than 100?" and " When was Charles Peace hung?" These interrogatories are diumally addressed to journalists, who, I make bold to say, are the most long-Buffering and patient of mankind. All those who are mated conjugally with the masculine ink-slinger may neither share nor endorse my dictum-but if journalists are neither so docile nor so equable as I have sug gested, 1 ascribe their pallid countenances, their thin " thatch," their wasted frames, the nervouB twitching of the hand that grasps the pen to the constant worry of the question zronger. Some folk seem to forget that it is possible for a dolt to put more questions in five minutes than a philosopher can answer in a lifetime. It is, then, in answer to a gentle, simple soul that I shall endeavour feebly to deal with the query-" Whioh is considered the national sport of England V In answering a question 'tis always well to clearly under stand the position. By national I understand that which attracts, pteases, interests, engages the time and talent of the mass of the inhabi tants of England, and by sport I mean manly . recreation. On this understanding, then, 1: unhesitatingly reply-horseracing. lite world without horses would be wretched, And to; millions of people life without horseraoing : would be intolerable. Let the average English man wander wherever he may he is not so prone as Bolingbroke suggests to boast to all and sundry that he is a true born Englishman, but he always takes his love of sport with him. Horseracing and cricket are known wherever the Anglo-Saxon bas set his foot, and may be in Bome few places where be has not demon strated what an Englishman is made of. HOR8EBACIKG THE 8F0BT OF THE MILLION. Any man who cares to look over an ordinary weekly racing guide-published on April 16 can see for himself that under Jockey Club and National Hunt rules no fewer than sixteen meetings were arranged for Easter Monday in England, Ireland, and Wales, and that during this Easter week so many as thirty-seven recognised gatherings for the purpose of horse racing have taken place. These figures take so1 account of the pony and galloway races and such other equine contests as point-to-point matches and other diversions that may have been fixed up. Oan any sane man believe that these multitudinous meetings are made for the purposes of pure experiment, and that' the great and small Railway Companies of the country arrange monster excursions, and fre quently disorganize their "lines" for the sake 1 of losing money? No, the promoters of raoe gatherings and the Directors of Railway Com panies know that nearly all these meetings will pay their way, and that the Britishers will flow in their millions to see the " running horses," as they were once called. The vast majority of people "go racing" nowadays, and tbe pure pleasure of the sport or the powerful passion of gambling Beems to have magnetised the world and drawn the inhabitants thereof to the Grand Stands and the betting rings. THE IMMENSITY OF THE TCBF. Of course it is impossible in the spaoe at my disposal to write exhaustively on the magnitude of the Turf, but a few facts may serve. In 1750, or thirty years before the first Derby, races were comparatively few. One race a day was tbe usual programme. Beverley bad four days'racing of one race a day, and Bury had the same brief bill of fare for three days, while even Rewmarkot was no better off. Of course these races were divided into heats, but even then tbe sport seems to have been poor. In 1700 450 horses ran, and they belonged to 210 different owners. Lord Poltimora had the largest stud, consisting of twelve animals, which won eight races valued at £5S8 10s. The 100 races that year ranged in value from 10 to 135 guineas, averaging about £SD each, thus bringing the sum total of stakes for the season under recognised rules up to £12,000. That is oue picture. Now look on this. I should say that there are always now connected with the turf 10,000 animals, including those at tbe stud, yearlings, and those in training. There are on an average between 2,000 and 3,000 colts and fillieH foaled every season. I Bhould say, at a modest com putation, that there are 4.000 animals at least in training for racing. Talk about the total stakes for a season being £12,000. Why, the valun of the Lanoashire Plate, run at Man chester in early autumn, is always estimated at £11,000 in addition to many other really valuable prizes run for over the same track during the season. The Eolipse Stakes is worth £10,000, and indeed it may safely bs assessed that the amount won in stakes on the Turf in England during one season now approaches half a million sterling. Suoh men as Mr. Abington, Mr. Blundell Maple, Colonel North, and others have vast BtudB, but even then the man with the largest stud is not invariably the biggest winner. The half million is pretty well split up, for in 1891 Mr. Noel Fenwick won £20,619 and Colonel North £20,113, but no one else ap proached £20,000, and only seven owner reached five figures. Mr, Abington, who has for years bad a prodigious stud, only secured £5,174, but this beats Lord Poltimore. The number of race, meetings and raoea are quite as large proportionately, speaking as the horses in training and the immensity of the stakes. The amount of money that the Bail way Companies derive from the conveyanoe of sightseers, the carriage of horses, and the con stant travelling of the trainers, riders, grooms, bookmaker*, owners, and the racing army at largA. must be simply enormous-beyond all estunave Many a rigid religionist who would not cross the roau in/ pcllute himself by look ing at a horse race still reaps profit from the sport through bis railway dividends. All these reflections have been oocasioned by the number of our Easter meetings, and in reply to my inquisitive but unobservant friend I would say that racing is the national sport of England. He Turf is so far reaching now that it ib difficult to estimate the extent of its ramifications, and to even suggest any limita tion . of its influence either directly or in direotly. WIKTEB FAVOURITES FOB THE DEBBT. There was a feeling almost approaching a panic on Saturday when it was known beyond all doubt that tbe Duke of Westminster's Orme, the favourite horse with the publio both for the Two Thousand Guineas and the Derby, was under a cloud. Both His Or vie and John Porter, the. trainer, were simply inundated with enquiries, and honestly and ImtUy they admitted that the oylt wu ? unwell, and that lie wafl Buffering from a sore throat. This is very eqrioas news to specula tors who daring the winter have been supporting Orme at a rate of odds wliich, to my mind, has simply been ridiculous. Winter after winter the gullish herd who possess more money than Drains seleot a hone for the Derby and follow him with a blindness which seems to me absurd, when we remember how Lady Elizabeth, Beau Brummel, Friar's Balsam, and Barefoot have rewarded their confidence. Without in any way worrying the subject to death, I will ask my readers if Common, Sainfoin, Merry Hampton, Ayrshire, Shotover, and many others were winter favourites for the Derby. We all know they were not, and yet in face of these repeated warningB folks have for months been investing their money in Orme. Such fatuity! They might just as well have given their coin to some "outside" jobbing stock broker to put in some new African gold mine at Bamboozleum Town at the Cape. [How about Bend Or, Melton, Ormonde, and Donovan? They were all winter favourites. -SP. Ed.] THE STRENGTH OF THE KINGBCLEHE STABLE. The incident,-however, may do good if it serves to make people cautious, and to remind them of the numerous ills that horse flesh is heir to. If a man must have a bet on the Derby and many good people " have a flutter" on the Derby who never bet all the year round except on this ocoesion - surely he can contain himself until rather nearer June 1. Considering that the Two Thousand Guineas is so near-for it is run on May 4 the matter is very serious for the backers of Orme for this event, as a stoppage in his gallops at this juncture may juBt prove fatal to his chance. Still, I intended to say before that the inoident shows the strength of the Kingsclere stable, for on Saturday evening the firso three favourites for the Derby-La l leohe, Orme, and Goldfinch are all trained by the same man, viz., John Porter -John O'Kingsclere, as he is sometimes oalled. I very much question whether one stable has ever before sheltered the first three favourites for such a race aB the Derby, although 1 believe that Blaegown, Bosicracian, and Greensleeve were all in the betting simultane | oudy for the Derby of 1868. JOHN POSTER, THE TRAINER-HIS CAREER. Let me chat with you for a few minutes con cerning John Porter, whose life during the last twenty-five years constitutes a very important chapter in the history of the turf. He Was born ill 1838 at Rugeley, the Staffordshire town whioh wril for ever be associated with Palmer, the poisoner. He was early sent to a training stable, and learned his business with the late William Saunders at Hednesford. After remaining twelve months at Hednesford young Porter migrated to Danebury, where he was employed as the light-weight jockey to John Day. After that ne joined William Goater, the brother of Jem Goater, who died recently. In 1863 Mr. Manning, the trainer to Sir Joseph Hawley, joined the great majority, and the famous sporting Baronet was left in the luroh. Although John Porter was only twenty-five years of age at the time 'he was appointed to succeed Mr. Manning, and he speedily proved his ability. Blue gown, to whom I have just referred, was trained by Mr. Porter, who had the narrowest squeak in the world of again preparing the winner the next year in 1869, as Pero Gomez was only beaten a head by Pretender. IEONOMY AND ORMONDE. However, since then Mr. Porter has had ample compensation for that head defeat. On the death of Sir Joseph Hawley, Mr. T. E. Walker and Mr. IT. Gretton trained with John Porter. It was during this period that Porter had in his charge that great horse whose early death at the stud was such a disaster-I mean Isonomy. This Mr. Porter considers the best horsehe ever trained, notwithstanding that he .had the mighty Ormonde. In Mr. Porter's study at Kingeclere there is a marble slab over the shimney-place which is a sort of funereal mural tablet, setting forth the great deeds of this stout horse. He had charge of Ormonde all through bis career, and has the distinguished and unique honour of having prepared six winners of the Derby. With Shotover and St. Elaiee, Sainfoin and Common, he has twice succeeded in securing the highest honours of the turf in consecutive years. Were he to win it again this summer he would eclipse all previous records. And with three such horses as La Heche, own sister to Memoir, Orme, and Goldfinch, sons of Ormonde, there are more improbable victories. The name of John l'orter has become a house hold word. His honesty, his firmness, his courtesy, his diplomacy, and his thorough knowledge would do credit to a Prime ! Minister. j THE SECLUSION Ok' KINGSOLERE. This is just about the season of the year when the Kingsclere trials for the classic races are run. On such occasions as these it is said that John Porter makes the jockeys carry colours, but no one ever sees any of these gallops. The men of observation never see the Kingsclere gailbps. The touts have to be "done" Bomehow or other. They were fairly beaten this year over the City and Suburban. Buccaneer was supposed to be duly tried on the Thursday before the race, but thia was a little pantomime which Pickering arranged for the horse watchers. The real trial occurred two or three days later, and just when no one would have ex pected it. John Porter was once asked why he did not train at Newmarket, and his reply was "Because I prefer to keep the stable pecrets of my patrons," and this is well nigh impossible there. Instead of living at such a miserable place as Newmarket, Mr. Porter passes his time in a sort of sleepy hollow down in Hampshire. He has magnificent stables and the miles of breezy downs afford him the best galloping in all England. He is fond of musio, cricket, and even public speaking. PORTER'S PRESENT DAT PATRONS. The patrons of John Porter at the present time include the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Westminster, Baron Hirsch, Lord Allington, and Sir F. Johnstone. If any trainer wants more aristocratic patronage than this I don't know where he is going to get it. But the anxiety of euch a stud must be tremendous, and with La Fl£che, Orme, and Goldtinoh in neighbouring boxes at the present time, his post cannot be a sineoure. The Prince of Wales dearly loves a chat with John Porter, and many a time have I seen the Prince light a cigarette, take the arm of Porter, and wander off round a racing paddook. He preferred the company of his trainer to the society which follows royalty so servilely. "THE GUINEAS" AND THE DRRBI. And so the first of the classic races of the season of 1892 has been decided. Many people look upon the Two Thousand Guineas as affording a key to the solution of the Derby puzzle, bat in this I think they are mistaken, although thrice during the last six years have the winners of " The Guineas" carried off the blue ribbon of the turf. Still a little examina tion will speedily convince anyone that the victor over the Rowley mile course does not always ran well over the Epsom gradients. Since 1860 Macaroni, Gladiateur, Lord Lyon, Pretender, Shotover, Ormonde, Ayrshire, and Common are the only horses that have been successful in both races, so that you see out* cannot »&% be too careful indenting with < turf topics. TheWizard.Marqois, GeneralPeel, ' Gang Forward. Peregrine, and Paradox won the Guineas and finished second for the Derby. : Diophantus, Vanban,' AHantio, and Galliard won the Newmarket event' and were third in the Derby, so that during the last thirty-two years eighteen winners of the Two Thousand Guineas have been placed in the Derby. A BAOING JUDGE-MR. J. F. CLAEK. Although Judge Clark was not in the box on Wednesday, for liis son-in-law, Mr. Charles E. Robinson, is now the Judge to the Jockey Club, I have no doubt that many sportsmen have had a chat with Mr. Clark during the week and heard his remarks on many raoes for the Two Thousand Guineas. John Hilton I was the first professional Judge to the Jockey Club, and he was nominated to his post in 1770\. Prior to that date it was customary for the Stewards of the olub to judge all raoes and matches at Newmarket. Mr. John Franois Clarke was the Judge from 1806, and although he resigned in favour of his son in 1822 the office has been in the family ever sinoe. From 1822 until the middle of 1862 Judge Clark IL waa the man in the box. He in turn was succeeded by his son, Judge Clark IIL Mr. John Francis Clark sat in the "seat of Rhadamanthus," as the late Earl of Strafford used to eay, for thirty-six and a half years, and then gave way in favour of his son-in-law. It is with pride that Mr. Clark IIL tells you that he has never made a bet in his life. Mr. Clark's first Two Thousand Guineas and Derby were those won by the late Mr. Bowes's West Australian, who, it is said, wasonoe the victim of a plot like Orme has been. GIVING THE BAOE TO THE WBONO HOUSE. The Judge to the Jockey Club has not always had such a proud position as he holds to-day. and once_ upon a time he had little official status outside Newmarket. The Sport ing Magazine of November, 1842, contains the following paragraph:-"Theepbere of action of Mr. John Clark, the Newmarket Judge, has been greatly enlarged. It now comprehends Newmarket, Epsom, Ascot, Goodwood, Don caster, Liverpool, Egham, Brighton, the County of Gloucester, Bath, Chelmsford, Southampton, &o.; In making this circuit during the past season he travelled 2,735 miles and decided S10 races, besides extra heats, uiakmginall394." Atmeetings like these, when amateur Judges deoided the race, many grave mistakes were made. Herd is an instance.. At Goodwood, in 1824, Mr. Charles Grevilta, one of the Stewards, acted as Judge, and gave the Goodwood Stakes to Lord Verulam's Vitellina, although the Duke of Richmond's Dandizette won very easily. The Judge's box was ele vated. Vitellina and The Ghost finished olose to each other under the Stand enclosure, and Mr. G reville bad his eyes on this pair. He did not see Dandizette, which was right beneath his box, and won by six or seven lengths. Lord Verulam was perfectly fair over the matter, and desired the Duke of Richmond to accept the stakes; but His Grace replied. " You say that I won the race, but what says the Judge?" Well, the Judge placed Vitellina first and Dandizette second. Such incidents as these prove the necessity for a professional man. JODGE JOHNSON. We have another grand old Judge still alive and " resting," and that is Judge Johnson, of York, who lor forty years was a very promi nent turf official. Born in 1813 Mr. Johnson is a thorough Tyke. You never yet met a true Tyke who wa9 not a great lover of horae&esb.; From his youth upwards, so to speak, Mr. Johnson studied racing, and in 1844 he judged at the Ripon Meeting as a substitute for John Orton. lie discharged his duties very satis factorily, and in 1851 was appointed the Jndge at York Races. He, like Judge Clark, retired only a few years ago, full of age and fall of honours. In the Northumberland Plate of 1845 Mr. Johnson had a very awkward task indeed. Mr. Meikleham was repre sser ted by no fewer than three horses Inheritress, Lightning, and Best of Three. Inheritress and Lightning ran in the same colours, but Best of Three bad a black cap in stead of a white one. At the finish these three were cloBe together. Indeed it was a despe rate race. Mr. Johnson gave the raoe to In heritress, and none questioned the award. As the field flashed past his box Mr. JohnBon saw Tommy Lye's head first, and it was his quick observation in recognising the jockey that en abled him to give the winner's number S3 promptly. Some folks fancy it is quite easy to judge a horse race. I should like them to try. In 1S4G six horses turned out for the Wright Stakes at Richmond. Dipthong won by a head from Ellerdale, who was a head in front of Helias and Executor. They ran a dead heat ior third place, and the other two were close up. Indeed the half-dozen animals could have been covered bv the proverbial counterpane. This is the sort of raoe to try a Judge, but Ri:hard Johnson placed the six in a moment without any hesitation. THE CHESTER CUP OF 1854. The only occasion on which Judge Johnson was ever in "hot water" was over the Chester Cup of 1854. There was a big field, the favourites being Dr. O'Toole, Newminater, Cobnut, and Baalbec, but as soon as the flag fell an unknown horse went to the front and remained there until the race, was over. Directly the hoises had passed the Judge's box an excited crowd rushed to the box. . Who's won? Who's won?" was the ory. "Epami nondas," said Mr. Johnson. "Who's he? There's no such horse in the race." And to the amazement of Mr. Johnson he saw that the name and number of the horse bad been omitted from the card. It was such an extra ordinary oversight that one can hardly realize how it ever occurred. Whoever was re sponsible for the error I know not, but Mr. Johnson had a very unpleasant time of it, lean tell you. ECCENTBIO "OLD GLASGOW." I remember writing some amusing aneodotes concerning the famouB Lord Glasgow, who was a most eccentric personage. Mr. Johnson tells a couple of interesting yarns about him. Mr. Johnson fulfilled the manifold duties of Jndge, Handicapper, and Clerk of the Course of York. Having on one occasion handioapped the horses for the Consolation Scramble he submitted the weights to Lord Derby and Lord Glasgow. The latter seeing one of his horses rather low down in the handicap-his stud was alwayB very moderate-he im mediately said, "How's thiB? What's^ the meaning of this ? This is a perfect imposition upon the public. This horse is put in at least) 7 lb. less than he ought to carry." "Oh.let him be: I will back the handicapper, and lay yon £30to£10bedoes not win," said Lord Derby. Despite this Lord Glasgow insisted upon know ing why his horse was not given more weight. Mr. Johnson replied that he was a moderate horBe. "And how do you know that? I insist upon the weight being changed." His extraordinary request was agreed to, and the horse's weight was raised 7 lb., and needless to say he did not win. The modern owner does not usually ask the handicapper to raise his horses 7 lb. Such men as Messrs. Clark and Johnson are splendid examples to the present school of raoing officials, who are, however, a very competent body of honourable men. In deed, it is the strict integrity of the licensed officials of the Jock6y Club that makes raoing as straightforward as it is-and that is saying touiblhiug 