GOOD WORDS. The path of duty lies in what is near, and men seek for it in what is remote ; the work of duty lies in what iB easy, and men seek for it in what is difficult. Never affect to be witty or jest so as to wound the feelings of another. At times, when human prudence ends and Bees nothing clearly, then the light of Divine wisdom begins to dawn. The Blessed Virgin is of all the works of the Creator the most excellent, and to find anything in nature more grand one must go to the Author of nature Himself. —St. Peter Damien. We mourn the death of great men ; but for them, more than for any others, it is well that this poor life (should have an end one day; for on that day com mences the great reparation. Mary Magdalene in believing at once did less good than Thomas did in doubt ing, because the latter touched the wounds of the Lord and thus healed the wounds in our hearts which doubt has there made.—St. Gregory the Great. Moral conduct includes everything in which men are active and for which they are accountable. They are active in their desires, their affections, their designs, their intentions, and in everything they say and do of choice ', and for all these things they are accountable to God. Have we not all, amid life's petty strife, Some pure ideal of a nobler life That once seemed possible ? We hare, and yet We lost it in the daily jar and fret. But still our place is kept, and it will wait Ready for us to fill it, 60on or late. No star is lost we once have teen 1 We always may be what we might have been. It is curious to note how many excellent ideas have failed to bring forth the abun dant harvest of good that might have been expected of them, simply because they have been urged with more zeal than wisdom, and have been quite divorced from some other ideas which, they needed for their full consummation. Do not depise the doing of small things. In other words, be prepared to study whatever presents itself, and think noth ing in nature insignificant. At one time it may be no more than a single cloud, at another a fragment of rock, or the bough of a tree. Let whatever is felt to be worthy of effort receive all the care and attention that would be given to a more elaborate subject. There is a sort of natural instinct or human dignity in the heart of man which steels his very nerves not to bend beneath the heavy blows of a great adversity. The palm tree grows best beneath a ponderous weight; even so the character of a man. The petty pangs of daily cares have often bent the characters of men, but great mis fortunes seldom. There is less danger in this than in great good luck. True originality while nobly living its own life and disdaining to copy that of another, is yet thankful for every in fluence that help3 it to ascend and ex pand, just as the healthy plant, while retaining all its individuality, welcomes every sweet influence of gentle breeze, inspiring sun, and refreshing rain, and grows stronger, and larger, more beautiful and more fragrant, while absorbing them into its own existence. Live for something! Do good and leave behind you a monument of virtue that the storm of time can never destroy. Write your name in kindness, love, and mercy on tho hearts of the thousands you come in contact with year by year, and you will never be forgotten. Your name, your deeds, will be as legible on the hearts you leave behind as the stars on the brow of evening. Good deeds will shine as the stars of Heaven. When thou findest a lie oppressing thee, extinguish it. Lies exist only to be extin guished ; they wait and cry earnestly for extinction. Think well, meanwhile, in what spirit thou wilt do it; not with hatred, with headlong selfish violence, but in clearness of heart, with holy zeal, gently, almost with pity. Thou wouldst not replace such extinct lie by a new lie, which by a new injustice of thy own were the parent of still other lies ; whereby the latter end of that business were worse than the beginning. A Plea for Total Abstinence.— What remorse will the drunkard have on his death-bed ! Look at the drunkard ! God made him in His own image and likeness. He .gave him a reason as bright as the auu. He gave him a conscience full of light. He gave him a heart which, had it been pure, would have seen God for eternity. He gave him a will to govern his life. What did that man do ? He went into the way of temptation, he went into the midst of companions who led him into wrong, aud taught him little by little to drink. May be for some years he was not a drunkard ; he was drunken from time to time ; but he was not a drunkard yet; the habit was not bound around bim. Little by little, though, the habit was formed, and the man could not trust himself, and his wife could not trust him out of sight. If he went out to his work, he came home at night drunk; the wages he earned were spent in drink. The poor wife was tattered, miserable, the children were barefooted and hungry, and grew up with their father's example before them. Well, that man comes to die, and his poor hungry wife and children are around his bed, and he is sober for once. I was going to Bay sober for the first time and sober for all eternity ; but sober when it is too late—when a life of sin has deadened his heart, when his understand ing is heavy and his conscience is dull, and he has forgotten what he has done and what he has Baid. But Clod has put down all he has said and done in the book of His remembrance. Though the drunkard's conscience has no record of it, all is in remembrance before the Judge. Alas ! when all this is the case, if it were not for the Precious Blood of Jesus, what would become of the drunkard ! And how many, after they have been washed in that Precious Blood, still go on in their sins and die under that sentence of the Holy Ghost, " Know ye not that no drunkard shall inherit the Kingdom of God ? " On dwelling still farther on this part of the discourse, His Eminence said : There are people who are never suspected of that vice, and who are yet guilty. There are many whom the world never saw drink and who are yet guilty of this crime. There are women—wives, mothers and daughters—who fall into this secret, deadly habit. In the name of God I ask all of you to stand against this evil. If you have got the love and taste of drink on your mouth, it will dog you and hound you through life, and your only safety is, renounce drink altogether.— Cardinal Manning. The Committee of the Chicago Exhibi tion lias addressed a letter to the Pope, thanking His Holiness for his promise of active participation in the Exhibition by the Vatican, and stating that the required site will be placed at the Pope's disposal in one of the best sections of the building. The Pope has granted the request made that he would contribute something to the Columbian Exhibition of Genoa. He has decided to send several of the presents sent to him from America on the occasion of his Sacerdotal Jubilee. Amongst them are samples of wood and minerals from Brazil; a collection of stuffed animals, amongst which is a magnificent boa serpent from French Guinea; collections of butterflies, shells, etc. ; two American Indian carpets made of feathers ; a collection of stuffed birds ; a collection of figures representing types and costumes ; models of native boats, musical instruments, war instruments, and ancient native idols. Obituary.—The announcement of the death of the Very Rev. Thomas Gilmartin, Professor of Ecclesiastical History, May nooth Oollego, which occurred on May 8, will (says the Irish Catholic) be read by Trish priests at home and abroad with intense sorrow and regret. His position in our National Ecclesiastical College, and his valuable historical writings, have made his name familiar to a very wide circle. His death deprives the Church of Ireland of one who was destined to become one of its brightest ornaments, and one whose place will not easily be adequately filled. Gifted by nature with rare talents, Father Gilmartin's industry and studious disposition had fitted him in a remarkable degree for high place amongst our ecclesiastics, and to all who had knowledge of his labors and his works the news of his early death will come with the sense of a personal grief. Sudden Death of a Priest.—The Rev. William Spencer, rector of St. Clare's Church, Seftoti Park, Liverpool, met with sudden death on May 7. A lady entered his residence through the sacristy from the church, and informed him that a man was trying to open one of the alms boxes. Looking through his window Father Spencer saw the man going away from the church door. He went in pursuit, and after chasing him about two hundred yards seized the runaway. The captive wriggled out of his captor's grasp. Father Spencer again ran after the fugitive, but he only went five or six paces when he dropped down dead. The alleged church robber was apprehended soon afterwards. Father Spencer was fifty-one years of age. He knew that he was suffering from disease of the heart, and was frequently heard by his friends to say that he knew not when he might drop down in the street. The Archbishop of Hobart in Rome. —The most Rev. Daniel Murphy, Arch bishop of Hobart, Tasmania, accompanied by his chaplain, Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, of Hobart, arrived in Rome on Thursday night (says the Roman correspondent of the Irish Catholic writing on May 7), after a long journey, coming from Marseilles to Rome by way of Pisa. They were met at the station by the Very Rev. Prior Glynn, O.S.A., of St. Patrick's National Church. They are the guests of the Prior at the new Irish Augustinian College, recently opened in that elevated and healthy quarter of the city, formerly occupied by the Villa Ludovisi, and still earlier by the gardens of Sallust, the historian of the Jugurthine and theCataline wars. Arch bishop Murphy has many affectionate ties binding him to Rome. Be was elected Bishop in 1815, and it 1847 it was he who was appointed to receive the heart of O'Connell from the deputation which conveyed that preciouB relic from Genoa. He was acquainted with the present Secretary of Propaganda, > Mgr. Pereico, close on fifty years ago, and their meeting was pleasant and full of memories of half a century ago. Feance.—His Holiness has addressed a letter to the French Hierarchy, in which he points out that his reason for urging Catholics to recognise the Republic was because it represented order and constituted authority. There is, he points out, a wide distinction between political power and legislation, and acceptance of the one does not imply adhesion to the other when the legislator places himself in opposition to the law of God and of the Church. It is the duty of a good citizen to endeavor to modify iniquitous laws. Finally the Pope declares that his sole motive in dealing with the matter is to eafeguard the religious interests of France. How the Pope keeps Lent.—Catholics were relieved of the obligation of fasting during Lent on account of the influenza, but the chief of them, in spite of his eighty-two years, did not take the advan tage of the favor accorded to the faithful. His doctor tried to make him abandon his austerity. " My good friend," said His Holiness, " Catholics all have the iu fluenza ; they must be looked after, but 1 have escaped." " But," remonstrated the man of medicine, "you forget that you are eighty-two years old." "Oh," gaily responded Leo. XIII., "as for that in fluenza, you are powerless to rid me of it." His Holiness rose every morning at four and said his Mass at six. Before Mass a Capuchin commented in Latin one of the verses of the Gospel of the Passion accord ing to St. John. The sermon always finished by words announcing tbe death of the Divine Saviour. Leo XIII., aided by two prelates, knelt on the first step of the altar, which he embraced three times as he repeated the wordB of the Evange list, et reddidit spiritum. The two prelates clad the Pope in violet chasuble, and the Holy Sacrifice began. For a year past Leo XIII. cannot come down the altar steps, and the prelates are obliged to help him to descend. As the Pope speaks slowly his Mass is very long. Its cus tomary duration is three quarters of an hour. A second Mass, called "of thanks giving," was then celebrated by a Cardinal. Notwithstanding his fatigue, the Holy Father remained kneeling on his prie-dieu until after the Communion, when he returned to his private rooms. 