EOYAL COUET MINSTEELS. Minstrelsy, with which the name of Mr. Fred Hiscocks is so closely linked in Sydney and other Australian cities, has again been successfully set in motion at the Gaiety Theatre, Castlereagh-st, under the management of the veteran. On Mon day night the season was commenced in the pre sence of a large audience, and the programme was completed under conditions that point to a successful sojourn at the old house. The curtain rose upon a richly furnished reception room, in which are seated in easy and picturesque positions a number of ladies and gentlemen — the artists, of course — attired in the court costumes that flourished in the reign of the latest George of England. The host — hitherto known as interlocutor — is Mr. Harry Hodson, and his duties are materially helped along by the usually looked-for buffonery of four capable end men. Messrs. Cremar and Wesley are in charge of the bones, and Messrs. W. B. Warner and E. Shipp are the ** tambos.' Here is the first half of the bill, nearly every item of which was encored: Overture and opening chorus, company ; nautical song, 'The Skipper,' Mr. J. S. Porter; Ballad, ' Gathering May,' Miss Annetta Lewis ; comic song, ' The Sandv Floor,' Mr. W. Wesley; ballad, ' Little Mag,'' Mr. L. Braham ; comic song, 'Swim the Golden Eiver,' Mr. Edwin Ship; ballad, 'The Song that Beached my Heart,' Miss Florence Schuler ; sero-comic song, ' Yos, You Are,' Miss Nelly Eawsan ; song,' The Old Turnkey,' Mr. Arthur Farley ; comic song, 'It's a Pity to Waste It,' Mr. Harry Cremar; duet, 'Two Hundred Years Ago,' the Sisters Levy ; comic song, ' The Day when Maginnis Gets a Job,' Mr. W. B. Warner. The olio was contributed to by Miss Annetta Lewis, Miss Florence Schuler, Miss Nelly Eawson the sisters Levy, Messrs. Warner, Ship, Cremar, Wesley, Braham, Turner, Porter, and Farley. ' Cupid's Frolic,' a comic sketch, successfully closed the entertainment. At the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, last even ing, Mr. Parker Lewis gave an entertainment, which it was announced was tinder the patronage of the Governor and Lady Jersey. Mr. Parker Lewis is an elocutionist of marked ability, and his audience, by frequent applause, marked their appreciation of his rendering of ' The Christmas Carol,' Dickens's delightful sketch, or rather series of sketches. Mr. Lewis possesses all the advantages which are required to make a successful elocutionist. A well modulated voice, perfectly under control, a good stage presence, and an easy and natural manner. 'Marley's Ghost' and 'Feesiwig's Ball' were capitally rendered, as was also the I description of the scene at Scrooge's Nephew's ; but the climax of interest was reached in 'Bob Cratchitt's Christmas Dinner,' when the sympa thetic manner in which Mr. Parker Lewis en tered into the spirit of the scene was warmly applauded. Not the least remarkable feature of the performance is the wonderful gift of memory : which is displayed by Mr. Parker Lewis, who is i ' word perfect' in the whole story of the 'Christ- \ mas Carol.' The Alhambea. — The seventh year of the exist ence of the Alhambra Music Hall, under Mr. . Frank Smith's proprietorship, is nearing cemple tion, and during the whole «f that time the enter- ' tainments have been a continued artistic and financial success. The company has frequently been strengthened, new faces and speciality artists have been engaged, and every thing which money can do to make the organisation one of the strongest of the kind in the colonies has been done, yet the company has never been so strong as it ie at present. Messrs. Sayles and Pope, end men and negro delineators, have been recently added, and these gentlemen, in addition to Mr. T. C. Callag han, a comic singer, well known in connection with London and provincial music halls, who has made a tremendous hit ,- Miss St. Clair, a charm ing serio-comic lady; Horace Bent and Charlie Fanning, comedians; the popular balladists and acrobatic song and dance artistes form a combination which should fiU this temple of minstrelsy and variety for weeks to come. Mr. Harry Barrington, the stage and business manager, who performs the duties of interlo cutor as well, is indefatigable in his exertions to produce good programmes, and his efforts always meet with success. That given last night was exceptionally strong. The ballads had been most carefully selected, and received justice at the hands of Misses Eae, Cowan, Beatrice, James, Ida Holbein, Messrs. Downes, Hulme, and King. Mr. Harry Hastings's dramatic song, ' So Euns the World Away,' specially written for himself, was loudly applauded, and he responded with a new comic song. The end men, Messrs. Fanning, Bent, Sayles, and Pope, kept the fun going until Miss Maggie Coghlan concluded the first part with her sandjig. In the olio the Connor Brothers gave their neat acrobatic act, and were followed by Mr. Hosea Easton. who gave two cleverly executed banjo solos. The Austra lian team (Delohery, Craydon, and Holland) ap peared to advantage in their silver statue clog dance, and Horace Bent brought down the house with his burlesque lecture, 'The Comic History of England.' Messrs. Sayles and Pope were suc cessful in their ' Southern Pastimes,' while Miss St. Clair, in the prettiest of costumes, was loudly applauded for her serio-comic gems. Messrs. Lyndon and Maher were recalled for their rough song and dance ' Little Liza Loves You,' and Mr. Callaghan received an ovation for his comic songs 'All Go to Work but Father' and 'Mary M'Guire.' An amusing farce entitled 'The Milliner ' concluded the entertainment. An enjoyable evening, under the auspices of the Capulet Cricket Club, was spent in Eainford's Cambridge Club Hall on ? Monday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr. Hope, and there was a j good attendance. A splendid programme was opened with a pianoforte solo by Mr. G. Oakley, after which the following gentlemen contributed : Messrs. Gowys, Walker, Hastings, Lamont, Wilson, Goundrie, Armstrong, Bailey, Conneley, ' Leon, Burton, B. La Perrnan, and Bishop: The gathering dispersed about 10.30 p.m. Great credit is due to the committee and Mr. F. Grogan, the secretary, for the manner in which everything was arranged for the comfort of those present. The Elite Skating Sink was crowded last night, the occasion being a costume carnival, for which extensive preparations had been made. Professor Wallace, nndar -whose supervision everything was carried out, was successful in securing the comfort and enjoyment of his patrons, for whose diversion a capital programme had been arranged. The feature of the evening was a one mile race bstwen ' iord Jewey/' 'Si* Bwty ftkrkei/' art Messrs, 'Dibbs^ and 'Barton.' Theeompefci- 1 tors were made up by a costumier who evidently knew his work, resemblance of the first three j named being very accurate, and caused any amount of hilarity. ' Mr. Dibbs ' eventually won the race, with 'Sir Henry' close at his heels.. ' Lord Jersey ' fell several times, and was out distanced. Professor Wallace gave an interest ing and clever exhibition of fancy skating, for which he was loudly applauded. During1 the evening a number of prizes were distributed among- the audience and skaters on the art union system. The programme is to be repeated to peated to- night on the same extensive scale. 