EVENING SESSION. The evening session was held in the church, the principal business being the reading of a paper by the Rev. J, Rickard on The World’s Need and the Church's Mission. The speaker commenced with a quotation from Mr Fairburn, showing that in religion, as in politics and economics, what is neces sary is the formation of a society where the jealousies now existing may be no more, and all classes be reconciled, and all interests harmonised. No matter to what school of thinkers we might belong, no matter in what society we might be placed, in the upper, middle, or lower, we all saw that something was wrong, and the question of that -wrong and its eradication at once arose. When we saw men living the most debused lives, men born to be sons of God; when we saw social inequalities—the poor, the rich, strikes between the classes and the masses—we con cluded that something was amiss among men, and we decided that that must be cured. In determining what should be done, what counsel should be taken in deal ing with such a complex organism as the order of men; we found that we must pro ceed with circumspection and prudence, and that feeling made him (the speaker) hold back from socialism and socialistic schemes. Be was further warned to be careful by the vagueness that characterised all constructive attempts such as were to be found in Bacon’s “Atlantia,” Moore’s “Utopia,” Bellamy’s “ Looking Backward,” and the like. All those dealt very distinctively in generalities, and it was hard to say how they could well do otherwise. Therefore he must follow with them. He thought it might be said, as Milton wrote of another adventure in the realm of Chaos— “ Night foundered on he fares, Treading the crude consistence half on foot. Half ftying behoves him now both oars and sail.” It would not take many minutes to destroy the highest organic structure, and yet the millennium might not suffice to replace it by one ns good, still less by a better. The speaker then compared the case, as dealt with by Socialists, with a case in surgery, where the surgeon finds it necessary to break a deformed joint in order to force it to set aright, and something of that kind appeared to be the mode of amelioration proposed by Socialistic reformers. But in the latter case it was suggested to deal with the whole’organisation instead of with ono joint, and to break it up as a whole. As members of the body politic they might be forgiven if they hesitated to submit to such an operation, for be it understood they had no perfect body politic by which they could be guided in resetting the joints, no experienced surgeon who was conversant with the perfect and imperfect social organ ism. Indeed, the experience we had of reforms and reformers tended but little to give confidence in their schemes for man's amelioration, us witness the attempt made by Louis Blanc during the French Revolu tion of ISIS. Where, then, was the' wrong which we felt to be present ? Was it in the individual members of the body politic? Was it in the organic relation between individual or was it part in both and through-each? Iu curing it should we turn our attention to re forming the individual, or should we seek to change the laws and governors, aud so alter their forms of government and the lows that regulated and determined the rela tion between governing and governed. Many seemed quite enamored of the latter method. He for one believed in the power of the law to maintain and preserve, but not to uplift, a people, for the attempt to do the latter was contrary to both rea son and experience. No stream could rise above its source, and what was law but the expression of the will of the people ? Therefore, even if they succeeded in getting a law above the conscience of the people, the result must be a double disaster—firstly, in the breaking of that law, and secondly, those who suffered by the law would be dis heartened and discouraged. Was it the want of law that caused all the present wrongs ? No, it was in the fact rather, that \- there was law more than enough, but selfish ness was more potent than law. As Henry Ward Beecher put it, “All the efforts which are being made in our day to reform by law, as if machinery would ever create man, must be ineffectual.” Take the examples we bad of the three forma of government—the absolute monarchy in Russia, constitutional monarchy in England, and pure democracy in America, and what was the result. In Russia social wrongs .prevailed, in the Bri tish Empire the social organism was up heaved at times by the rising of the sub merged tenth, and in America those who had visited its great cities told that misery and wretchedness was growing every day. So it was in ancient times. In all ranks and from all times and people came back the refrain:— - • -1 “ Like children cryinc in the night. Like children crying for the light, And that oo language hut a cry.” But could the wrong be righted by chang ing the individual ? Was the wrong in man and not in men, and could it be righted by altering the man ? That would indeed give promise of a radical and permanent cure, for it was Christ’s solution of the difficulty, and to effect that was the Church’s mission. The power the churches had at hand, the the power of the Holy Ghost, an all-sufficing power to serve their end. In the Church's commission there was no mention of a power or wisdom to set aright the affairs of State, to construct or re-construct the governments of men. It was her province to make new men, re-generated individuals, and sending them forth, leave other issues to the free outcome of natural development aud growth that must ensue, when such leaven was set in the meal of the life of men, When the church made herself the Solomon or the Nestor concerning constitutions she had made nothing but the most absurd ex hibitions of -ecclesiastical meddling and muddling and deservedly lust her hold amongst men. To reform the individual was her province, and that'scope marked the range of her mission. Then we asked “ How are individuals to be renewed ?” Thu Master placed his finger upon the cause of man’s unbrotherliness to man, declaring that it found its root in the want of filial relation to God the Father, The two great factors stood out clear—God and sin, and those must be understood the one reverenced the other wiped out, and we might only thus come to find reconciliation in Him that was the Mediator between God and man. Him self the Man, Christ Jesus, Man most put off the old man that his deeds should be of ke new man. after God had renewed his righteousness. Christ's cure for human ills was. radical and internal, and individualistic in its application. He worked from the centre t« the circumference, frointhehearttothe life. He reformed man and sent him forth to take his place a« a citizen in the new constructed society, . No man could enter into Christ’s Kingdom except he himself was changed. “Ye must be born again.” That was the doctrine of all churches for 300 years, and whatever changes might have taken place in theology there was no change in that. Asa social being man needed soma society in which to find a home to succour and develop the new life. He (the speaker) bad great faith in the evangelist, but he had still greater faith in the evangelising community, the church which gathered homeless and lonely ones into its fold. In the early church they carried this to the extent of barring all things in common, but that mis take was made only once—in the church at Jerusalem —and never repeated so far ns we could learn. Yet the epistle to the Corin thians showed a community of people eating together a common meal and living in close personal communion with each other. Then, as now, man sought for home life. Then they fonnd it in the church, but did they find it now ? Then there was one life, in spite of restrictions of birth, wealth, or social creed. Was that our experience ? Men then found that what they craved for in the fatherhood of 6'*d and the brother hood of man. Could we find that in the world to-day 5 Was the church then fulfill ing its commission ? It was indeed hard to find a batter system than ours for the de velopment of free family life in the church field, fellowship for the family to live, to work out its own thought, to live its own life unhampered by external - organisations, and yet they did not find themselves fulfill ing their commission. Take any ordinary church, and ask what the church did for family and home life. Did their Sunday services, or their week- night service, do any thing in the matter ? Were they not'com posed of too mixed gatherings to be effective’ Had the church a true home.life, we would hear little of woman’s place in the church, and we would snlve the question of the re lation of our children to the church. We would encourage and develop a true com munion of saints, and finally wo would attract those who were now outside to seek a place where they could trust and be trusted. The speaker concluded thus ;—“ Will not. the latter days be then upon us when the flood gates of the Divine fulness, the residue of the power which still is His, shall be uplifted, and in upon this world shall flow the light and love that is to manifest its glory. God grant it may soon come. Brethren, sock this prophecy’s fulfilment! Let us wait in trustful hope on Him who has taught us still to pray, ‘ Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done as it is in Heaven.’ And, abnvo all, let us say, as Mary said, ‘ Behold Thy servants, let it bo unto us according to Thy word.’ Then shall our ears be gladdened with the song of angels and the human benediction, ‘ Blessed arc they that believed that there shall be a fulfilment of the things spoken from the Lord.’ ” At the conclusion of his address a vote of thanks was carried to the Rev. Mr Rickard, on the motion of the Rev. F. H. Browne. The meeting resumes its sitting at 10.30 a.m. to-day. 