HOW SHALL WE DECIDE QUESTION ?" THIS Now, which is the worse—to have no appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both." that w the ideal attitude, of a persou towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed m that, way ; we either have too much food without au appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough ,o satisfy it. Different folk will answer this Question differently, yot the common sense »l' it is that, within reasonable limits, a is I ,nter to have an appetite without a dinner, .>ecaiisc, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a communication in which the water «iys, " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel ayainst thei nourishment he lived on / 1 f the latter, why I Let hiui clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 18,V. 1 changed my work tram railway porter to signal:nau. I had been signalman twelve mouths, Mid then all at onee, so to speak, i did not feci myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles ol'diet seemed to lose their llavour; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My bieath was olVensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the client and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to bis meals. He adds that there was what he calls a" pricking sensation" nt his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat .rolled iotf him, " 1 dreaded,' he says, the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have 1 made, for I was ati aid to eat." " After a time 1 got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as if something was goin<* to happen, and this caused me to lose a good ileal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " something going to happen " is, ot course, the fear of some calamity, such as the lo^s of his position, his own death, or the death of somebody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless anil ungoverued imagination. " With great ditliculty," he says, *' I stuck to my work' for I had a wife and family depending on mo. So I struggled on, but what. 1 suffered for over two years id past mj powers of description. 1 am sure no one lias Suffered so much as 1 have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbors pam. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we dont happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer final^ mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to .read in a book of a Case exactly like his own having .been cured by Mother Seigel's Syrup. "'My wife," he Says, got me a bottle at Mr. Langstall's, in Woodlesford, and al ter using its contents the ailment left me and (As never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) UKOHUU HUNT, " Carr Bottom Road, "Apperiey Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and ior what roason. 