CURRENT TOPICS. THE ordinary weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Benevolent Society was held yesterday afternoon. Pre sent-Messrs J. Stephenson (in the chair), T. Gladman, H. Tyson, G. Baker, B. 1'. Farrolly, W. R. Barwood, G. Wilkins, J. T. Farmilo, and the secretary, Mr H. Fraser. The roll was acknowledged. The secretary reported that temporary relief had been granted to six persona during the week. There were 212 persons on the roll, viz., 32 men, 72 women, and 108 children. Relief in the shape of a ration and a half was granted to an aged couple. Dol.ations were acknowledged from hMesrs Smith and Hut chinson £7, Mrs Henry Reed £10. AT the City Police Court yesterday, be. fore Messrs E. Whitfeld and James B3rick hill, J.'sP., Maria Porter, on a charge of being of unsound mind, was ordered to be sent to the Lunatic Asylum, Now Nor folk. "WARrTAH," which comes to us from the authoress, is Mrs L. A. Meredith's latest literary effort, and is published by Vincent, Brooks, Day, and Son, of London. It is a story for young Australis,written in the gifted authoress's best style. It ii essentially Australian, the poems being founded upon such subjects as " The True Story of a Tasmanian Apple, "Wattle Birds," and "The Giant Beans of Quees land." Each story has an interest of its own, and old folk as well as young will derive pleasure from perusing Mrs Meredith's cbarming-book, which is embel lished with photo-etched illustrations by Mrs E. M. Boyd, Mr R. Andr&, and the author. A LITTLE girl named Ellen Dsgmore, aged six years, was knocked down yester day morning near the Tamar bridge by a wood dray driven by a man named Evans, and sustained a fracture of the leg. She was admitted to the hospital, and is now progressing as well as can be expected. " ToucirTON " writes :-I learned with regret last evening of the death in Adelaide oa T'uesday of Mr W. H. Leaks, the well known actor. I was present in the audience at the Queen's Theatre, Sydney, in Novem ber, 1880, when the late Mr Leake made his initial appearance in Australia as "Joe Saunders" in the emotional American domestic drama of "My Partner," and have never forgotten his excellent perfor mance of the noble-hearted' Californian miner. During the season he appeared in "Van the Virginian,' "Kerry Gow," ' Hamlet," " The Throee Musketeers," and other productions. IHe first appeared in Hobart at the Theatre Royal there during the Christmas dramatic season of 1880-81, and seon afterwards played a starring engagement at the Melbourne Royal. Subsequently Ilo toured several of the Australian colonies at the head of a dramatic company, his repertoire compris ing for the greater part Shakesperian and other legitimate productions. Mr Leaks first visited New Zealand as a mem ber of Miss Louise Pomeroy's company, and afterwards settled down in Australia as a stock actor. For a considerable time he was engaged at the Melbourne Theatre Royal, and was always a sterling actor. He visited Launceston as a member of Mr Charles Arnold's " Hans the Boatman" Company, and installed himself firmly in public favour by his capital performance of Yank Thursby, the old boatman. Later on he paid a second visit to this city with the Gerald-Duff Combination, appearing as Randal O'Mara in "The Engrish Rose." The deceased actor, prior to coming to Anutralia, had acquireda good reputation as a capable performer on tio stage of the United States. lie was, I believe, an Englishman by birth, but spent most of his life in America, where he took part in the memorable war of independence. Mlst . T. STEAD'S "More Ghost Stories" (RIvoiew of Reviews), which is to hand from Messrs Walch Bros. and Birchall, is in tensely interesting reading, telling of dreamers and their dreams, haunted h uses, clairvoyants, and thrilling incidents in vision world. T'lsa real Irish shamrockl was on view in the window of Mr 1t. A. Yates, the enter prising florist of George-street, yesterday, and will doubtless attract the attention of the children of Erin to-day. Mr Yates obtained his shamrocks from Mr Paton, of M1lbourne, who imported a few from Ire. land some months ago. TIs Rifle Regiment will parade at the Drill-room at eight o'clock this evening, when a full attendance is desired, in view of the arrangements to be made for pro. vidinz a guard of honour for his Excellency the Governor at the closing of the Exhi tion'on Tuesday next. THE Australian Widows' Fund Life As sociation have presented to the Tamar Rowing Club (through Mr J. C. Royeraft, the local secretary) a very handsome silver trophy, to be competed for on Saturday next in the Handicap Sculling Race, the conditions of ultimate" ownership being that it shall be won two successive years by. the same person. It is a biscuit I casket of unique and chaste design, its mechanism being such that by means cf ingeniously constructed leverage it helps the guest at each side of a table at the same time. The handle is elaborated with silver scroll work while the figurations round the bowl represent ears of barley. On one side there is moreover a space of highly polished silver, which is intended to bear the well-known emblems of the donors, namely, the bundle of sticks with the superscription " Union is strength." On the opposite side will be engraved the name of the winner, with the date on which the casket becomes his property. The value is about £5. Excellent work manuship has been bestowed upca it. The trophy will be on view during the week in the window of blessrs F. and WV. Stewart, e jewelers, of Charles-street. Mst JAMses M'GowAN, Superintendent of Public Reserves, yesterday forwarded to r the Zoological Gardens, Melbourne, by the steamer Coogee, a native dingo, two kangaroos, and a tiger. They will be exchanged for some Victorian animals, f which will probably arrive next week. WE have received private information from a correspondent at Longford which throws considerable doubt on the identifi cation of the man who was found dead near Young Town about a fortnight ago. It will be remembered that the Easamincr published the full details of the finding of a the body and subsequent proceedings at t the inquest, when the body was identified distinctly as that of an old black man named Trimley or Trimmerley. Our in n formant, whose reliability cannot be re proached, states definitely that Trim merley is at the present time located in the t Longford Watehhouse. 'l'HE favourite excursion steamer Con. tonnial ran an excursion to Rosevear's yesterday afternoon, when about 180 people availed themselves of the outing, which was a pleasant one, the weather a being all that could be desired. The steamer left hlie wharf at 2'45. and returned to town at about 6 30. STun Courtof Requests in its £10 jurio diction continued its sittings at the Supreme Court yesterday, before Mr Com 1 missioner Waterhouse. Three of the Free Gardeners' cases, which remained over from Tuesday, ?ere heard, and decision in each of them, as in the former ones, re served. One or two cases were struck off the list, being settled. The others were 1 all disposed of (as reported in another column) with the exception of the follow ing, which will come on for hearing at ten I o'clock this morning :-J. and E. Morton v. Alfred Hall, advertising, £215s; Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, Douglas and Collins for defendant. THE last cheap railway tripe to the Exhi bition are advertised to run from Ulcer Sstone and St. Mary's to-morrow, and cheap fares from Scottsdale on Saturday. To give excursionists an opportunity of seeing the last of the Exhibition the period for return on cheap tickets has been extended up to Wednesday, 23rd inst. Special reduced fares are notified for the Burnie and Wyn yard Iraces, which take place on the 21st and 23rd inst. respectively. LAST evening the Rev. F. J. Nance, M.A., continued a series of discourses in the Patrtserson-street Wesleyan Church on the Epistle to the Coloesiansn. There was a large congregation, and the discourse proved both instructive and interesting. After the preliminary devotional exercises the rev. gentleman selected as the basis of his dissertation Colossiansna, chap. ii., verse 11 -"In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ." The toenor of the address went to prove that St. Paul's intention was to show that more outward forms and ceremonies in connec. tion with the worship of God were not essential but were indeed matters if in difference, but advocated the worlship of God by each in their own way if that worship was paid in sincerity and truthl. His hearers, in conecusion, were urged to not sit in judgment on others who might happen to differ from themselves in their mode of worship. A sousOUE was current throughout the city last evening that t :o body of the missing man Hammond had been dis covered in the North Esk river, tied in a beg, and cut in pieces. The police were on the alert and made enquiries into the matter, but state that there was no foun dation for the report. WE have received a copy of a report on the goldfields of the Kimberley district (WA..), written by Mr Harry Page Wood ward, F.G.S., F.R,G.S. It contains a great deal of information respecting the physical geography of Kimberley, its geological formation, and the extent ot gold- bearing country and prospects of other minerals. MBdesess CHAnLEs DAY AND Co., the well. know drapers of 72 Wollington-atrost, an uosnce bargains in an aselegnd stock purchased by them, the clearing sale of which is now on. HfAiVsT thauksglivicg sorvices will be held in St. Mark's Chasb, Deloraino, on Sunday next, when slsesial sermons will be preached. les forty-third annual meeting of the Aus tralian Mutual Provident Sooliety will be held in Sydney on IMay 11 next. A EnarON will be delivered at the Oatholic Apostolic room, Quadrant, thiseveniag, at7'30., A pULIo meeting in connection with the Primitive bisthodist Band of Hope will be held in the Frederlok.street schoD1lroom at 7"30 to night. THu experience of years farniuhas the most convincing evhlesce that thousands of lives are annually tnaved by the use of Ayer's Cherry Peotoral. It speedily cnre, all affeotions of the throat, bronchial tubes, and lungs. SouTnEvwooD's coa0h for Lefroy leaves po?t. office daily at 11 a.m. 