' "Ca liiOthium'bE dooni' .riaed Hariry Sanxio0 ly.Lun ?,,::• '"t". at, ii i•,Ha ' 1'41;1' afraid: -not,! ., ;,was , tbe.",si a S ,ni'rnk;" if .-I were?yoi; I would marty her i spite ofall the fitherls li Iorld,"forul know she;lovs you.;:' n a! T ehnt anntbe', Harry;, it" wouild only.be dragging her dtlitt to pot Ly, fo'rIIn dependenti on,myown fatheri and hie has no wish to run eountebr;to" f f ei nsenit .,.iin .wouldne er . tben` 'ou-may' well say, with Roimeo { fathers have flinty{ hearts'1 and. rmli.hat?l1 hear of this, rival of yours, remarked 2Earry, in hadpe less tone if iiterrogatioi' 'rn" that. if evien ?lJilii iWrc"to ' ido peal to'li his hfoneoL it touhld fail to miove lil;' u iJuge uoryoursell si it lhope, tlhre would be. in thituarter,, fur theire-he; 1,I-I1y' 'tiirined i 'the' diircetiii'"of ]rak'd look, and saw- the man who was: Ito. :.purdhaee Lilian: . Harry wattched: Iim ias he passed,. then '-ee ci?lined, iore hopelessly thanm ever 'No there isnio fine feeling 'of ihonor there; that mtani is merciless. .Yet something must be done to rescue, you froin' tis barter but ':what? T confess i[.n: nutiable to suggest anything at thie ioment : SOh`, Harry, I au? so glad I have foutild you, do please come up to the house 'tt 'nce, and yrit, too, Mri P:ni berion.: The Squire lias· folloiwed i.ilina.l and he is in a. perfeet fury," siitd Florence stood before the young ,nn 'iale end trembling , SWithout another word they all niade ,for "the Grange, and on entering the d!al vng- room they founid the Squirie fuming with passing-?hs bro'ws knitted,: his eyes flaming, while t'e eiins of his neckmand forehead stood out like t ick cordage. :In the: centre of tIn, io im stood Mrs Marston, i'itilli ,figure eret, calitmi ,id dignified, cl-sla i"g l tili e lalf f.aiit iug :Lilian to :lher: brae's.i ", t 113o, i, S?- u? e I rrelor, tho t'gl,' yotu are, hier : iifat.her, tyou are aie:ing: imottinljustl I to this poor inotherles= girl.l It mai noi t be right' Ibr' iic to tnierfei;' but 'I sty that if ydiu force this. child into a .uTiagt.ri itwille one taoml;ii no ono isceusLto. kuow aniythirg. bt~ yoursel;f, :alid tithoit she de(telts.' ti'c whole cotuntuiy-side will rise iand cry shantie upon you. " Let. t li 'country.side tinid its own: busintes" i gasilped the enraged fathter bit lt mte tiell -oil, Mrs laruston, arid all ihosd leiagued againisi. iie, lt it he is iici-?ye'or-r ge,;and 'ls:it .aA-.tiiY ithr gurdirdi an.", "i But you are tot allolwed by lawl," ititerruipted Trails,' "' to Wied li r gaiinst her will althouigh you are liter. father."' Tlhe Sqiro waited til' Frank' had ceased speaking; ,a'id :ilion without turning his gaze from Mis Mi'.larston's face, ..or evieing by any sign wlhatever thatlhe had heard the interruption" - ' i1cer tla;rdimni, guide, and mentor. and know wha tis.best for her welfaire. I l`hi e decided that the wedding shall take plie 'to-inorrow. :Everythfiti" is lielrpared, the husbandt i :have chosen has arrived, and if my daughter is not at home uidd ittilliig to obey" me thed evil conseilucnces of her ict.shall' .ot only fall on her, but on ithose.who aid aid abet her !" So" saying hie let thl 'h use, t as L ian, 'e:,ggertii g: forward .:to follow limm, fell sobbing in lier. k.. cr' arms. So great wass lilianis 'fear .,f lhi fatlier that, once witil tit: wialls of lier miserable home again, she yielded tt, the lthreatening influence lie hIeld over, her, and piaced herself in .the lhands of thle woman engaged to assist her lthroigh the ceremony. Me'anwhile F'rank a~?l tlib3efarstons hi-d :tried every means likcly.'and unlikely to throw an obstacle in the wayrof the rWedding lThe :iiews of the vicar's suddcii illness garie a -imoleiitry:gleamn of hope t;hit hiajpostponeiment ;mighlt be ihe result. But even thitt, faint as it w.ts, soon expired, whuen it was klowiti tnhat tbo Squire' himtibslf liad iposted to the neighboring towli and brought baclk :i strange clergymnain. So the :morninig came,! and with' it the time apflpoited for the ceresiony; : The littl.cltii-hul: -iwas filled with the pitying faces of the curious,i for Lilian was beloved by the ineiighboirhood, nid before her fitlher's, 'enurious fit, hiad s ized .hlim;i. slhehad beer~imoron thtan commonly :gemierouts to th, pii?ple' around 'htr. N~eer icchdl tidhe churich witnessed a ,wedding" so un?ilikij . i wedditn.beflore. Nuo. bells were. rung for t.l em, io flowers s re l? I th patlh way from thleq iaitit old?tocd g?te to the iy-curtained ofrch- N smilintg swelcome greeted their iarrival, no God bless them itell like -Irtfreslingm music around thenm ii, iplemdiied by a fervent amen !i Ther tlhcy stood before the .alar, a- grim and silent group, save .for the 'sobbing of:itlhe unwillins'bride. . tHer friuends ioiuld iot bmrase+th ordeal of her sacrifice ; all but Harry were sorrowing at:home; lihetalone,' shadowed :by i:; old :'oakeo :pCew, watched ilnan hbopeles anid saiid. ' i Amidst"-i iid.ti siloene tli;i strange clergytan-appeaiedi and commenced: the setvice.-? His voice :seemed: to startle: the dread hish thal had Tfallesi around aiid, as he' iold 'th libo?' witlh olit ever loolking at t,l, but repeating thl?-words m iechanically," his gaze became fixed on the richb'bridegrooim's face Thii solmniit' of his .,vorice deepened as hlie.spokethe .:words-- "'Therfore, ifo if man can show-i any iust cause wh they may oft? li.,,fully be joied togethr let him now ak; or else oherater for, ever lhold: his peace, ". in'- . , \--Hipaiusedy ; , i. ,, "?Ii I oyes,'.w andered. to the i.bride, noip ale:as a ghost; and those-of :tlie congregationfoll6owed- theiloolkt -... The iing in his deep voice had died i.way,lundryivet he:stil il paused .amidst a 'silonc& idueifsihied b' fau:ulostlaudible '?sodi~do throbbing hearts. ,, .last hb withildrewu hia.i:?;froii teo trembling"Liliiain, and'witha' tidubied oxpresson on his .hit.?feat'uros; saild "-" .Iam' a clergymanriand must not assist in wrong doiug:n r I forbid this marrlt ,i frij it would 'bo sinfl in'the sight of[ God, whose uiniister 'I alm ivert 'I" to sanction the '.union of ,thlis pinr girl with ain escaipd convict?'" . i.Ti iworids fell on all witli tlho'shock ofl a thunddrbdlt! IThi guily man he continued l.',1ivsls peak the truth, foir Lwas, chaplah n of-:thelprison tfrom which he escaped!" t .', r" ! 1 :I ! . s. in ' `?': Ph bridegroom gasped,and made a elifch' ati?thel air.-theii spranag towards; te idooilr lbut ini an instant 'Harry' han lsawere.at his throat as he. cied- "~rlii . gentlemanii speaks the truth 'his disguic is so complete that I lii?l iitt'recognise l:jimi This is thes fraudulhnuti' bankeir whose villaiiiy robbed ' hundreds of people, myself amoing the hfl inber"' rl' `'Ihn :due tine the culprit; who lhad played for so high a stake and lost it, found: himself 'back :in an Australian: prison, itoo well watched acid gusarded ever to escape again. . + 'The shock hastened the Squire's death, but before he died his heart softened, and hlie :lived to hear the church i bells ring out merrily on the double ij edding of our happy lovers, provinig the truth of the old itdaig.' that ' There's many a slip 'Twixt the cup and the lip." 