:': ..'' Cricket. ' - - ; \ '-?' \ The Intercolonial Match. New South Wales t. South Australia. Although decidedly hot, the weather yesterday was favorable to cricket, and the intercolonial match between New South Wales and South Australia was started on the Association Cricket Ground, where Ned. Gregory had prepared a splendid wicket. This is the third match in which the representatives of the two colonies have engaged, and hitherto fortune has been in favor of the senior colony, the representatives of which side won the first two matches. This year, however, South Aus tralia has sent a splendid team into the field, and there can be but little doubt that George Giffen and Lyons and their companions will make a bold bid for victory. While the composition of the South Australian team could scarcely 'be improved on, so far as that colony is concerned, the New South Wales Eleven has been weakened by the loss of their captain, Moses, who sprained his leg so badly in the late international match that it is unlikely that he will be able to play again for some time. The attendance when the match was commenced at 10 minutes past 12 o'clock was not large. Turner, who captained the home team, won the toss from Giffen, and at once decided to bat. The umpires were W. Slight, a very popular cricketer, who learned the game in the ranks of the South Melbourne Eleven, and Chizlett for New South Wales. Banner man and S. P. Jones were the first representatives for New South Wales, and the bowling was entrusted to F. Jarvis from the northern wicket, and G. Giffen at the other end. A disaster nearly befel New South Wales in Jarvis's first over. Bannerman played him to short-leg and refused to re spond to Jones's call for a run. Jones suc ceeded in getting back to his wicket., hut had Jarvis not fumbled the ball he would havefailed. Giffen's first over was expensive, as Jones danced him-three times to leg for 4 each time, and 4 more for byes made 16 off the over. Bannerman snicked Jarvis for 2, and Jones added 1 more to his score at the expense of Giffen. After several maidens Jones brought 20 up by driving Jarvis straight fora single, and Bannerman back cut the same bowler for a like number. A maiden to Giffen and then Jones drove Jarvis to the off for 4, a very fine stroke, and then placed the same bowler to the on for 1\. In Giffen's next he hit him to leg for 1 more, and a single was credited to Bannerman well run by Jones, who followed up by driving Giffen for a single. After some slow play Jones cut Jarvis for a couple, but the bowling was too good to permit of the bats man taking liberties. The wicket was playing splen didly, and the fielding ground was very fast. The score mounted up steadily, Jones doing most or the work:, ana eventually 4U was reached, Bannerman having made* 6, while Jones had put on 26. One run later Chizlett gave Jones out leg before wicket to Jarvis. 1 — 27 — 41\. Donnan was next man, and started with a single, and Bannerman followed his example. The stone waller had been an hour making 7 runs. A single to Bannerman, and then Doiman was credited with 3, 2 being the result of an overthrow^ He next troubled the scorers by placing Jarvis to leg for 1\. The half century was eventually brought to view by Bannerman glancing Jarvis to leg for a triplet. With the total at 56, an adjournment was made for luncheon, Bannerman being not out 11, and Donnan not out 10. On resuming after luncheon the weather had con siderably changed. The sky had become overcast, while a stiff southerly breeze was blowing. Banner man, as usual, was in a tame mood, and played a maiden from Jarvis, after which Donnan got Giffen to leg for 1 and cut Jarvis for a brace twice, bringing 60 up. He then drove the same bowler nicely for a quartette, and Bannerman, after a long interval of pottering play, got Giffen to leg for 1. , The stonewaller then aroused applause by hitting Jarvis to the on for 4, -and 70 went up. The play for a long time was exceedingly monotonous, singles alternated with maiden overs being the order ot the day. At length Jjannerman drove Jarvis for 4, bringing 80 up. The play, however, had been tame in the extreme, and the yawning spec tators seemed more inclined to sleep than to watch the game. At 86 Noel relieved Jarvis. Bannerman hit the new bowler to leg for 3, and an appeal for leg before against Donnan was disallowed. The batsman exhibited his gratitude by cutting Noel for a single and driving Giffen for a couple. The fielding of j the South Australians was brilliant, but the | batsmen gave not the ghost of a show. After a long j interval Bannerman hit a loose one from Noel to leg ; for 3. Another batsman would have put more power in the stroke, but the batsman appeared to be incapable of making the necessary exertion. Donnan made a nice drive for 2, and 91 appeared on the board, and still George Giffen kept him self on. The separation came from the other end, as A. Jarvis effected a smart catch at the wickets, disposing of Donnan. 2 — 30 — 91. Don nan's play, although Eound, was not characterised by his usual dash. Iredale took Donnan's place. Quiet as had been the play before it became still more tame with the advent of Iredale, and half a dozen overs only produced 2 runs, both being credited to Bannerman. He then glanced Giffen for 4, and two overs later he repeated the per- | formance, bringing 100 up, the result of over ' two and a half hours' play, the contribution of Ban- ; nerman during that time being only 36, despite the fact that the wicket was good and the ground all that could be desired for rapid scoring. Soon afterwards Iredale skied Giffen, and was easily caught behind the wickets by Noel. 3 — 1 — 102. Turner became Bannerman's partner, and the interest taken by the spectators in the game began to revive as livelier play was anticipated. After Turner had opened, with a single Bannerman was caught and bowled by Giffen. The stonewaller had been at the wickets for nearly three hours for his runs. 4-^-36 — 103. Sid Gregory was the new comer, and wag credited with a single well run by Turner, who in turn fluked Giffen to lee for a single. He then cut Noel for another single, and drove Giffen for a couple, and placed him to leg for 1.' A general appeal for a catch at the wickets was given in favor of Turner, who then drove Noel hard for a couple. Gregory drove Giffen straight for a couple, and placed him to leg for 1. Turner then hit Giffen hard to leg for 4. An adjournment was then made for refreshments. On resuming after refreshment both batsmen were busy, but at 128 Turner was caught in the long-field by Hayward, who judged the catch well. 5 — 16 — -128. Cal laway became the partner of Gres-ory, and the latter drove Giffen for 1. Callaway followed his example and 130 appeared. Callaway next cut Noel for a couple, and hit him to leg for 4. Gregory then made a very bad stroke and was caught by Blinman at mid off, Giffen being the bowler. 6—11 — 136. Clarke joined Callaway, who cut Noel for a single, and he then foolishly ran himself out. 7 — 8 — 137. M'Kenzie joined his club mate, Clarke, and the aspect of the game was decidedly unfavorable to New South Wales. M'Kenzie started with a single, and Clarke chopped Giffen to the off for one more. One to Clarke brought 140 up. Singles were the order of the day, and they came quickly, both men playing with confidence. At 140 P. Jarvis relieved Noel, and Clarke cut him for 1, the last ball of the over yielding 1 for a bye. After several singles M Ji-enzie mt uiiren over tne lence tor 5, bringing 152 to view, and despite fine fielding the score still increased rapidly. At 164 Haldane relieved Jarvis, and a wide was recorded against the new bowler. Clarke hit one from Giffen np to short-leg but there was no one there, and th© ball found its way to the ground. After several maidens Clarke drove,. Giffen very prettily to the boundary for a quartette, but almost immediately afterwards he was caught at the wickets by Jarvis, off 'Giffen. 8 — 14 — 169. Wilson, who played so well against the Englishmen at Farramatta, was next man, and through the instrumentality of M'Kenzie 170 was brought on the board. Soon after wards Blinman missed a difficult chance of catch ing Wilson at mid-off. The batsman was credited with 2 and 3, both bad hits. M'Kenzie then drove Gifien hard and straight for 4 and 2. He tried the same stroke again, and was caught by F. Jarvis close to boundary. 9—25 — 184. Wales was last man. After two singles had been added to the score, Wilson hit Giffen nicely to the off for 3, and Wales sent the next to leg for 4. He was badly missed off the next ball by Blinman at mid-wicket, the ball going straight to the fields man. Although the end was expected, it did not come so quickly as some people seemed to think. Some smart singles were made, and eventu ally the zuu was noistea amidst much cheering, Wales hooking Giffen to leg several times, not artistically bnt certainly effectively. He soon caught and passed his partner. The second century was soon followed by 210, and still the scoring went on, but at 215 the end came, F. Jarvis catching Wales at short- leg. 10 — 21 — 215. The stumps were then drawn for the night. Scores: . . New South Wai.es. — Firet Innings. Jones, lbw, b Jarvis ... ... ... 27 Bannerman, c and b Giff en ... ... 36 Donnan, c Jarvis, b Noel ... ... 30 Iredale, c Noel, b Giffen ... ... 1 Turner, c Hayward, b Giffen ... ... 16 Gregory, c Blinman, b Giffen ... ... 11 Callaway, ran out = ... ... ... 8 . .,' Clarke, c A. Jarvis, b Giffen ... ... 14 M'Kenzie, c F. Jarvis, b Giffen ... 25. . ? Wales, c F. Jarvis, b Giffen ... ... 21 Wilson {not out) ... ... ... 15 Sundries ' ».. ... ? ... 11 Total ... ... ... aoe 