PfiEAMEBS ANg BREAMS. ) The attSdte in the August number of the .Contemporary " which will excite most interest is one by Mr F. Greenwood on "Imagination ana Dreams." Mr -Green , -wood does not attempt to theorise in any way 1 about his subject, but apeska of what be knows from his own mpenencc : — Dbbix Faces. . Before entering upon the subject of actual dreams, Mr Greenwood linger for a short .time over what he calls dresm-fuces i It may be serviceable to remark (wo read) that vitious of this kiud some- itimcs preeent . themBolvt ft to ud iu tho dork when we are av.-abe, perfectly gftne, unaware of any son of physioal difl .turbanco, and without any effort oJ' imagina tion. .... They arc droam-stuff, so to speak, and the piecursora of the dreams .that fill our minds when quite asleep. vuutmg lrum jur x. vjftliou, jir vrrueu- wood says : — In this way a lady moil to see showers of red roses, which turned into a flight of golden speckles or spangles ; and uot only were tho roses presented to her vision &9 distinctly as real flowers in broad daylight might be, bnt she could smell the perfume. " a face, and nothing more." He then goes on to say : — There is nothing like that in myexperienco, except thBt at infrequent times of iatiguo 1 share the sensations of those who arc said to have discovered a rose-scent flowing from and about them. An evanescent but rery distinct violet-scent 6u>hes from my hands, or eo I fancy. But M. Maury and Mr Galton relate stories of faces et-ea in tbe dark in like manner; faces scemi&gly; standing off upon the air, and coining and going as if with a will and purpose of their own- M. Maury's experience seems to have differed from mine in Lhie particular. In his ease these phantoms always represented per sons known to him. In mine it has never been Boons slnirle occasion ; and tbe difference is a noticeable one. As I look at these faces asking myself who was ever like tbat or that, I find no answer except in a fancied rcsetn- blanee to some historical i or mythological personage. They strike the view as entirely 6trange and surprisingly 11 original." Pos sibly, Blake's visions were some such faces as these, presented to his eyes in broad day light ; I am inclined to think so, because bis wonderful, dreadful drawing, "Tbe Ghost ot a Flea/' is precisely euch a transcript as I could have made by the eoore bad I poeiseFeon his pictorial skill. Under xay own eyelids I have seen SLANT a FACE OF TITE SAXU AWFUL fa3hlt; some even more dreadful still, being all astir with animation. But the greater number of them are not of the too terrible kind. After the fact that nothing foreknown or fami liar ever appears amongst tbcm, the next most remarkable thing about tbeee virions is chat they often look like the fleet ing embodiment of some passion or mood of the mind; nsnally not the bcitertnort. Some faces expressive of a great nobility and serenity appear, but I here never seen amongst them the mask of pity or love, or any soft emotion. Grief tho most despairing, scorn, cunning, pride, hate, inquiry, envious or triumphant mockery — no human face that ever wae seen, I fee; sure, displayed toese emotions with a comparable fitness aud intensity. It is not tbe characteristic of all hut it is of some to an almost appalling ex tent ; and ii Blake did see these loues, either in daylight or in darkness, he had more tb&n; his imagination to draw upon when be depicted the Pasrions. " the 0t1iee side of eatji." Perhaps tbe most interesting part of this interesting article is that in which Mr Green wood deals with dreams concocted with tbe supernatural, and tbe mysteries of the world beyond the grave. We have only spaco to quote the following example : — As an illustration of this more rernarkablo kind of dreaming I may relate one of a 6erieB of dreams which followed each other at intervals of a year precisely — u year and a day. A long timo ago a gentlemnn, who may be called A, lost & child by death. He bad bedn very fond and proud of tbe boy, who was seven or eight yearj of age, 1 tbink, when he died. Indeed, between the two there had always been a strong sym pathy, and when the child was taken tbe father was plunged into the deepest grief. Like many another one in the same situation, his thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question, "Hut yet. is he still in ex istence ? Js there a place in this vest univerta where I may think of him as living, no matter how infinite the distance, or even if we are parted not only now but for ever and ever ?" Many poor souls have been tossed about in the same yearning speculations, day after day, month after month, with no diminution of doubt and pain. A. was one of these un fortunates. To this great trouble was added another, which took the shape of a deep and surprising disappointment. At first one of the poor man's very few comforts bad bem tbat TIIE BOY would IlAFNT 11is dreams, and tbat they would bo together many a time that way. But it is not invariably true tbat what yon think of most you , dream of most ; and for all bis boping and prayinc the father never once dreamt of bis eon. That is to say, he never bad any such dream for a whole year, oy which time, I daresay, the praying had been given up and the hope exhausted. But then, on the morn ing of the child's death, and at the very hour in which he died, the father wok© irom a wonderful dream, so intimately and touch- ingly responsive to tbe whole year's grief tbat it cannot be thrown into the glare of print. It ia only mentioned — together with tbe fact that after another twelve months of black and empty nights another dream of the same character occurred at the same hour— iu order to give its own setting to the third dream. "and once again it came." The morning had again come round. A dreamed that he had awakened about dawn, and, thinking of nothing but the hour to rise, had drawn bis watoh from under hie pillow. In doing so he saw that it had been completely shattered. But how could it bBve been broken so violently, lying where it hud beens nugly placed a few hours before? A reasonable but an injurious conjecture oc- cared to him ; at some time in tho night tbe watch bad been taken from beaestb the pillow by bis wife, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there cocld be no other explanation, he was about to drop asleep again to get rid of ill-bumor at tbe accident (this is all in tbe dream, be it under stood), when the door opened and in came a foreman of works to whom A. gave instruc tions every day, and between whom and him self there was a groat liking. It seemed ns if the man bad come for tbe ueual draft of work to be done, and it did not strike As a anything out of the way that he should be visited jn his bedroom for it. But he was struck by THE J.UOK OF MYSTERIOUS INQUIRY ON THE man s face. The next moment he connected this look with the broken watch, and drew it out attain; tbe glass gone, tho hands swept from the dial, but seeming less like his own watch now. What was the meaning of it t While A . was asking himself Ibis que stion in & sort of ox- poctant trepidation, the foreman of works said, "Put it to your ear, sir." This A. did ; and, asheiistenedtotUc even beat within the other said, " Sir, we know bow muoh you arc troubled, and this is our way of showing you that, though every sigu of life is destroyed, life may still be going on." Whereupon A. i woke " all of a tremble," heard tho tranquil tick-ticking of his watch under the pillow, and, when he could compose himself to take ; it forth, saw that the bands stood at within five or eight minutes of tbe time when bis boy died on the same day in tbe calendar. THE USE OF Dfi&AKS.; But while, on the whole, dreams do not further the. practical progress of tbe world Mr Greenwood thinks that they may serve some practical purpose. Nearly all dreamers ©an be brought Into one theory — namely, that sinoe in dreams we pass through a great variety of experiences, none of which are ever likely to befall ns ia real life, we are put to teste of character which we should never endure otherwise ; eud,£ there- fore, that we ought to come to a better moquai&tance; with ourselves. Thus if I have -nevtrboen plaoed In a situation of extreme danger, as by attack of murder thievcB, or in a burning house together with ©then .more helpless, . perhaps), how am I to know what my feelings and couduct would really be under such oircamBtanoesI .Think of himself what he may, no candid man can give a confident answer to that ques. .Hon. It is a common experience to discover an oneWlf asurprising coolness and resource, or a totally unBuepeoted and crushing cowardioe, under a suddon severe test. To eorne such test, it has been surmised, we Are frequently exposed in dreams ; passing through emotions strong enough to affect our physical sonees no less than if the danger were real — as brokeu knuckles and quaking limbs testify when we awake — and therefore all tho more to be .trusted as like to those which we should actually experience if the dream were reality. 