SECRET OF BMfflAYOE. CHAPTER III. 'Well, what V * ?' Shapes and presences, tho sound of . wings, the rustle of trailing garments; , queer sighing noises as of groans, and shrill whistles, and rattling of chains, and \- heavy: falling bodies, like ? ' ,? '/Hats ! 1 said abruptly. '-No ; it's true— there arc ghosts, I'm sure there are.' And you aro not afraid to live there m that house ?' ^ »*'tWliy Bhould I be ? She waved her 'hand, lightly. 'I pity the poor (lead. They will not hurt me. It is for their own sins and sorrows and troubles they mourn.' This being an entirely new view to me, . having- previously regarded ghosts ! I rather in the light of nuisances than as ' objects of pity, I remained silent. ? - ' Think, Mr. Barclay, how terrible it f ? faust bo to have committed some crime, \- to bo haunted by the recollection of some dreadful wickedness — to wander, and to moan, and to repent, and never to find 1 rest or peacc, or, be able to repair tho wrong you have dono ! This, sh&addcd;, lowering hor voice, ' is my idea of purgatory.' I : 'Terrible, indeed,' I said, humouring ' ? her fancies just for the pleasure of watch ing the blue eyes dilate and contract i 'under the dark lashes, now turn almost black in their intensity, now lighten and; . clear like tho sky after a thundei shower. ~ 'And what have these ghosts done? Do you know their histories ?' ' She shook her head. ? . ' There were family pictures, and each had its story ; but they are gone — sold — -and I forget them.' . ? Sold by whom ?' ? 'My father sold them,' she said simply. ?;« ' You know how poor we are. H6 got a little money for them.' ? Self-made as I was, I could realize the pang to that shy proud old man when he took the portraits of his \- ancestors and laid them down a sacrifice ? at the foot of the stolid auctioneer's hammer. » They were a part of himself — the pride of his race before that race had ? dwindled down into the residum of one . old drunkard and his pretty daughter. Prom those ancestors, too, Kathleen perhaps had caught an air of distinction, .v'aishghtcontomptuous downward turn of. ^the mouth, the soft voice,' the' quiet ?dignity. ' Were you sorry .?' I said. , « i Well, they were a little : company,' ?he explained, with a shy laugh. 'I used to look at them and speak to them ; ,i but I was very small then. I went to ? Stay with an aunt m Dublin for a while, and when I came back they were gone. ' . I didn't mmd much.' i ;-t ; ' Had they done very dreadful things 1 ' They must have, you know, to moan and vmake such terrible noises. What did i. the wings mean, I wonder? Do you ;- .-think they tried to fly away from their natural punishment, and' were compelled to remain for ever after, dragging one .wounded, featherless pinion behind ,) them.' - ' Now you aro laughing at me.' r,- ' No, indeed. But, tell me, haven't ? . you a real good murder among your ?'* family secrets ? Ireland is famous for murders, you know. I should like to v (hear a thrilling story that would make me creep — something in tho. style of the i Goola murder, now for instance.' Thore was no answer. ??.'?f-Iam really interested, Miss Dono ? :van;' I said. ' Though I do not believe in ghosts, I do behove in crimo and the passions of real men and women.' Thore came no sound, and I looked again at Kathleen tor her answer. ' I am quite serious— I ? ' Suddenly I checked myself. Kathr leen's face had grown, ashy-white ; her large eyes, dilated to their fullest extont, stared away into a vague distance ; her hands had dropped fimply by her side. She seemed as if sho could scarcely stand, \- and yet was fascinated by something terrible from that spiritual world at which I had just been mocking. 'Miss Donovan,' I said, honestly frightened at her appearance, ' for God's . sake tell me, what is it ?' ' ' Nothing,' she said faintly, passing her : hand- across her eyes ; ' nothing. Did I say anything ?' . \ 'No; but you looked so strongo'. Pray sit down here on this stono and tell 1110 what you felt. I am sure you are : qoito' faint still. ' Shall I fetch you. some water ?' 'No,' sho said, detaining me by tho hpnd I: had strotched out to help her — ' no, don't leave me ; it is nothing. I don't know — I'm not very well, I think.' / 'I am sure you cannot be. You ought to see a doctor. Such strange at t i'tacks of faintness are not right, surely. ? .^Are you. subject to them ? ' 'No ; I am always well,' she said. , Then I remembered. It was cruel of mo to press her further. She had been ? up nearly all night ; she had undergone ? unusual emotion ; she had been afraid for tho sake of that poor miserable lover r-i? of hers. I dropped tho hand I still held and moved away. ?-* ? ' Mr. Barclay,' she said, as if she had -^read my thoughts, ' don't ' think badly of mo ; but ? ' She stopped, and added if.' with feverish. - excitement, ' No— no. I v am a poor miserable creature. Leave me ~it is far hotter so. Leave me to my fate, and forgot you ever knjw me.' v. - 'Forget you, Kathleen!' I said, stooping to look down as she sat humbly on a low stone, so low that she almost ??I I touched my feet; 'that is not likely, -.'i and why should you speak of yourself as a poor miserable creature ? Surely you have never done anything wrong — any- thing to bo ashamed of ? ' ? li 'No,' sho said, proudly lifting her head, ' I novor have.' ' But, you know, Kathlenn,' I said, ? seating myself beside her, 'wo must 1 avoid the appearance of guilt as woll as its reality ; perhaps you are not always careful as you should be.' (To be Continued.) 