OHAPTEB XIV. 1 AT LAST. Peter Dusk, the detective, sat in his room overlooking the Grund Canal, and smoked until ho had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invariable practice to smoke furiously while working out any mental problom. It must have boun a knotty point at issue, for though it «vas early morning, ho had consumed several manillas over tho subject, and that subject was nono other than the escupo of a madman from tho asylum of a private madhouse in the city. Ky that queer method known best to his caste, of trucking crimo and its perpetra tors through their manifold labyrinths. Peter Dusk had found his man, only to lose him tho next day. lt seemed strange indeed that Fern brook, Mauprat, or whatever name tho master of the Barrier Hock was known by, should bo discoi erod in a mad-house in Venice. But so it was. Tho detective had given no explanation us to how he had discovered the clue that led his stops to the asylum. " It was sufficient for him that one of the lunatics therein was the person ho had tracked half round tho known globo. Thero was no mistaking the original to the photograph, which had guided the officer all through his long patient soaroli; the simplest noodle would havo recog nized tho likeness in an instant. Tho poor patient, with his great black eyos ablano, pleaded hard with his country man to set him free, but tho detec tive only shook his hoad in affected pity. Onoo without the walls of the mad house, Dusk hugged himself in momen tary triumph. At last ho had run his man lo oar th-had him safe under lock and key. To-morrow bis omployers should see Fernbrook fjr them selves. They went on tho mprrow-Warne, Lyndhurst, and tho smiling terrible limb of tho law. Bu t he they wen t to soo h nd gone-escaped, and loft not the ghost of a clue behind him. Tho sooptioal novelist laughed at tho wholo affair. " I'm afraid you've been working too hard in this case," my friend," ho said in a kind way to tho crestfallen runner from Scotland Yard. " I cannot but admire tho taofc and skill displayed in your trac ing tho doings of Fernbrook «nd his Monds, but when you adi rm chat he is hero, in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I beg to difl'or with you. Except Hilton Fern brook has tho powor of Asmodous at his back, and eau transfer himself from ono hemisphere to another with the spood of thought, I cannot soo how it is possible bo can be in this city. . Bosidos did not tho Master of Del Maddilino say this self samo person had booti confined there for over throe years? How oau you reconcile that statement with your theory that tho 1 poor wretch was tho Muster of Fern brook ?" Pater Dusk disdained to nrguo, but ho ratiBackod tho old Venetian city from St. Mark to El Pordo for tho escapoe. It was of no avail, howovor; there was no more elua to bo had of him than if tho oarth had gaped and swallowed him up. When all tho questioning and search ing was ended, Petor Dusk had gone over to Dal Grade for furthor orders, but Warne and his companion had departed for London. So the dotoctive smoked and reflected, and tho moro ho smoked and cogitated tho moro puzzled ho booamo ovor tho whole adair. " That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right niter all," ho muttered, apostrophis ing tho table. " I don't soo how a man can possibly be in Ivf'i places at the samo timo. They say this Hilton Fernbrook is still in New Sunland-was nt the opera a matter of only six wooka ago. How then eau the tuan whom I saw in tho madhouso bo ho? Yet, if this is a strik ing likeness nf the mau 1 was sent after, I'll swear tho os'.'apo.l lunatic is oithor tho devil or tho convict Mauprat. Humph ! let me think 1" Thero was no ono to hindor him think ing out tho .-question in all its subtlu bearings, and it tonk him some time oro ho was weary of it. The little marble clock ovor tho mantlo piece chiming noon aroused him. »-)r"'fAh, well, I can't seo my way now," ho reçu med, in tint quaint fashion of talking to himself. " I'll not givo in though, not I. If that nindmuu bo. alive and above-ground, I'll find him--though I don't beliovo ho's a bit mid. A crazy fellow would not havo neted or spoken nB he did. It's no nae staying hero. Tho f Ilow'4 au Englishman and ho'U make for Loudon. All sorts and conditions of men hide themselves oithor thero or in Puris. If hogoosto'ono.ol' tho othor I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pisk up and bo off and try Loudon first." It does not take him King to put his doeiaion into execution. A stoiunor ia found road y for sailing, and Petoc Dasie takes a nagago in her. It is a cold, windy evoning (hut finds him on tho slippery pavement of the Strand. Instead of wending his way to tho ollioe of tho MinoriÖ3j tho deteotivo goos straight to his lodgings in Ludgate, and comea forth ngain within tho hour quito transformed in outward appearance. Calling a cab he drives towards Temple Bar. , "If thia man's in Loudon, he'll have a poop at tho thoatro,'' ho says lo himsulf. [ " Hugues or lunatics, it's nil tho saino. As goon ns they're let out of Ihe cage, they aro drawn to tho playhouse, as if hy magic. I'll bogil» with tho theatres." Dismissing the trap, ho walka down to tho Adelphi, aud paying his shilling as couds to the gallery, whare ho can soe almost every person in tho house. A few minutes sullied to convinco him that tho escaped madman is not amongst tho audience Itore. ' From the Adelphi Peter Dusk goes to Drury Limo. Instaad ut mou.ui-ig the gallory ho takes a seat in tho dress ciiole, and looks round nt tho vast aoa of hoads and faces ¡ crowding the pince. Away . out yondi near tho stage, in tho pit, the detecin suddenly sees the mau lie ia looking to There is no mistaking that proud, dal Spanish-like face, with the short croppe black hair and moustache. Tho man is loaning indolently ag&ini; the stage-box, (yet deeply intent upon tl performance), and is dressed iu a suit c sober tweed. Before the sceno is concluded Pete Dusk has takou a seat beside tho man 1 i the pit, and has satisfied himself beyort the smallest shadow of a doubt that ho the escaped lunatic from "Del Mud lino." "Fine play, my friond." Tho man turns and looks the Scotian j Yard runner full in the face. "It is ii grand performance," he ri sponds slowly, and in a rich manly voici that had a tone of melancholy in' i "But it is badly mounted. In Franc they attend to those things moro so tho in England." ,', "You ato nob a Frenchman, sir V'* "No," roplind the stranger, smilini " Nor yet un Englishman ; I may say.tlii I ira a cosmopolitan, having 1 travclle some,' as they say in America." "Are you nn American ?" " You aro curious, my friend," said til other, good-humouredly. "In Franoe and even in tho Uiiitod States, they hav a rule in society called etiquette, whic moans that rude questions are dosorvin rude answers. If .you are inclinod t learn my nationality, I may toll you thn I have none. I repoat, I am a, coamopc litan." "Bog pardon,'^ said the detective hnstiiy. " lb struck me I had soon yoi ; bofore somewhere." " You wore a striokon doer, m'y friene for thinking so," responded tho athol "AVo ennnot possibly have mot be I fore." I "I think wo have," cried tho dotet tivo. j There was a swift flash in tho lilac oyos, as they turned with sudden nn< suspicious look to tho face of th speaker. I " Indeed, sir! Whore?" he asked ! quickly. " Have you courngo to accompany ni to the vestíbulo, and I will tell yoi thoro !" " AYIiy not toll mo boro ?" replied th other with samo disdain. " I hnvo a reason, which I will g iv you nlflo, if you will adjourn wit! ino." "Pray, load tho way ; I am at you service. " Notanqthor word was spoken until tin pair roached'a small room, adjoining tin saloon bar. v ? "Now, sir," said the stranger, "seating himself. "Tel! rho where you and ] have mot before." ""At tho Dol Mildil i no, in the city ol Vonico," cried Dusk. If a pistol bullet had gnno through the body of the man, thon and thoro, ho coule not have evinced greater surprise, H< stared at tho dotoctivo in blank amaze ment for fully a minute. "Pray, who are you 1" ho said, al length. "I may answer after your fashion, anel reply, I'm a cosmopolitan." - "You saw mo in a mad-houso in Venice ?" asked tho other in a vacant way. "Yes! tho Del Madilino. n privato asylum, governed by ono Dr. Dotti Nico lino." The other replied not, but gripped the back of his chair with a convulsivo clutch. " It is not many day3 since I was in Venice on business. I had oeoasion to visit Dr. Nicolini'a establishment. 1 saw you there." " I remember you now," responded the other, after a pause, in which ho had recovered from his surprise. "You have disguised yourself, bub I recognize your voice." . "> " I'm glad of that," said tho dotectivo coolly. " Now toll mo how you escaped from Dol Madilino ?" \- Tho man laughed. "Slill inquisitivo," lio said, with mild irony in his tone. "Are you interested my friend?" "Perhaps." " Well tho story is too long, and I'm not in tho humor to talk much." " How if I hind you in gaol, and send you back to Vonico ?" inquired Dusk. ' ' My good sir, you aro evidently in a fog respecting tho law of England con corning lunatics, answorod tho atrangor with asmilo. " First, you will.have to provo that I nm insana; Bocond, that I escaped from a mad-house." " Did you not'oscapo?" "That is another question, my friond." Peter Dusk reflected a niomont. Ho felt that ho had no lunatic to doal with in tho porson of this strangor. " 'What if I sond for Dr. Nicolini, and prove your Jdontity ?" said tho doteo tivo. .. "Tho mad doctor cannot prove roy identity. Besides ho daro not sot foot in London." "Daro not 1" '' I repeat-clare not." " Why, pray?" inquired Dusk. "My friond, quastions soem to be your forte, liut I am not inolined to answer thom. If you havo any business with mo, pray como to it at once, for I wish to see tho play out." . ' "Do not be in a hurry," said Dusk, placing his back to the door. "Do you know who I am?". " No, nor do I care." 111 am Peter Dusk, from Scotland Yard." " Indeed, and pray, Mr. Dusk, what is that to me ?" " Do you know this photograph?" re plied tho other, handing him a tarto-de visite. Thc stranger, took it, and hold it to the light. As ho looked at tho pioture, thoro carno into his eyos a Btrnngo expression impossible to doscribo. ? Peter. Dusk watohod his faco as a tiger doos Us prey.-To BB CONTINUED. F D Xl \--;!-'......"'y.^- r'\îfj,i1,"r'h^i^à^ij^^^ièiM 