To the Editor of the Express. Sin.-Having read some of the correspondence in your paper on the subject of "Freedom from Sin in this Life," may I be allowed, although not a resident of your district, to express my gratifica tion at the interest the matter has apparently excited; because if this belief be true, it is some thing which deeply concerns every sincere Christian. What is it but the realization in heart of the fulfilment of that portion of the prayer our Lord taught His disciples, viz., that they should do the will of God on earth as it is done in Heaven. Now, how could this be accomplished except by the indwelling of the Spirit of God in the soul of man? and surely this cannot be brought about except by and through the Noew Birth our Lord spoke of to Nicodemus, "Ye must be born again." And what takes place now ? The soul is yielded to Jesus in response to His own in vitation, and having received His Spirit-not through any ceremony that man may deem desir able or essential, but directly from God-therefore he is able henceforth to walk in the light as he is in the light, and to have fellowship with others in that light, and the blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, eleanseth from all sin. See Ist John, 1, 7. So far ths work of God is accomplished in the mau. JO?Ua o?.v.o " ,? ... .. satisfied he has become a new creature, and his new Master gives him greater knowledge of the things of God-strenghtens him by His own might in the inner man, and the spiritual windows of his soul being opened, and the light of God shining therein, he becomes enlightened as to the service in which he is now engaged, and grows in the stature and fulness of God, and from a babe in Christ, needing milk only for nourishment, he goes on, step by step, and is able at length to say that he has become more than a conqueror through faith in Him who loved him, and gave Himself for him; the power of Christ is in him, and he is kept from falling because of this, and yet he has nothing to glory in, his own power does not keep him, his good works do not save him; before he knew Christ these were as filthy rags in God's sight, and now they come forth as a consequence of the new spirit of which he is possessed. Is it, then, presumption to expect that, when a man has travelled as far as this on the road to Heaven that he should also expect to be kept from sin ? "How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein?" Rom. 6, 1. And the Lord Himself said (John 14, 23), " If a man love me he will keep my words: and my father will love him., and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him." If the soul becomes in this manner the very temple of the Holy Ghost, surely we can understand how we may be kept from sin; and ought we not to rejoice that God has prepared such good things for us, and though we may not yet have attained to these, yet let us, like Paul, " Press toward the mark for the prize" (Phil. 3. 14), so that, like hism, we may be able to say eventually, "I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith, &c.;" 2 Tim. 4, 7. S. J.S. South Yarra. 