GLEANINGS. Magpies in Confinement.—A correspon dent writes:—"Of our native fauna, the magpie, although often domesticated and allowed to wander about a garden in quest of worms and inseots, and more frequently oon fined in a cage and taught to become a linguist, has very rarely, if ever, cared to take upon itself the cares and worry of a family. In a pretty suburban residence a hen magpie is kept in the garden, and early in the morninA her notes induoe her wild brethren, who fre quent the neighbourhood, to "call" upon her. Three seasons ago this bird bnilt a nest—a peculiar struoture composed of old wire and sticks— in a lemon-tree growing in the garden, laid three' eggs, and hatched youngsters from them. The bird took great care of 'her offspring, feeding them assiduously with raw meat and worms provided her. This was no eaBy task, for the bird had' one of her wings cut, thus necessitating ber- hopping up and down the tree throughout the day. When the young birds were partially fledged they suddenly disappeared, and nothing'more was seen of them. The following season and this spring bIbo the bird has laid the same number of eggs, and likewise hatched the young birds, hut as in the first instance they have mysteri ously been taken away. Hawks are some times seen in the neighbourhood, while a cat is kept on the establishment, but these have never been seen in the vicinity of the nest. It will be interesting to ornithologists to learn that magpies can in this way be bred in con finement. Millionaires at War.—Visitors to New port, the fashionable American watering- place, find amusement (says the London Daily Tele graph) in the active dispute that is being carried on between the two millionaires, John Jacob Astor and W. K. Vanderbilt. The latter has built himself a white marble cottage between Belleve-avenue and the cliffs, his estate being bounded on the north by the two Astors. High and unsightly fences were erected by Mr. Vanderbilt's orders all round hie domain, hideous gates backed with corru gated iron being the only interruption. Though these interfered considerably with the pleasant aspect from the Astor windows, no protest was made until Mr. Vanderbilt proceeded to erect an artificial promontory from the cliffs out into the ocean, completely shutting out half the superb view Iron the Astor estates. The Van derbilt workmen then curved the Astor walks seaward, and down along a terrace dug in the face of the cliff, passing under a tunnel through the promontory. Active protest was there upon made by Mr. Astor, who put up a rough board fence between tbe estates down the path to the cliffs. Mr. Vanderbilt's men tore up the fence some few weeks ago and moved it several feet inland. Hearing of this Mr. Astor telegraphed that bis men were to restore it to it6 original position and to see that it remained there. Both proprietors have ignored the State law, which declares that all land within 99 ft, 0* high Water belongs td the : piiuuc, and is tree to all. j The Late Alfred Knurr and His Work MEN.—A correspondent of the Times writes from Esten on August 28"There has been performed to-day one of the most interesting ceremonies in connection with the labour ques tion, and one which forms a pleasant contrast to what has unhappily been the fact in other great oentresof employment, where destruction and death have resulted in tWconflict between employers and employed. In July, 1888, Alfred Krupp, the founder of the great steel works at Essen, died, and though the town erected a statue to hie memory opposite the Town Hall of Essen, the higher officials and the workmen resolved that that was not suffi cient to mark their love and devotion to the man who had ever by his counsel and acts of benevolence been their father and friend, so subscriptions were voluntarily raised, resulting in the unveiling to day of what is strictly the monument of the workmen's esteem and affection for their late friend and employer. Dedication speeches were made by working men, and finally Mr. E, A. Krupp, eon of Alfred Krupp, acknowledged, with deep feel ing, this not of his men and their leaders in the works, and in return, and to show his venora tion for bis father's memory, devoted the sum of £25,000 to erecting, on a healthy and con venient spot, a sufficient number of cottages, with gardens, for the infirm and invalided of his men and the widows of men who had died in bis employ. After this there was a maroh past of 17,000 of the men employed at the Essen works and deputations from the other and outBide establishments belonging to Mr. Krupp. The whole scene presented a spec tacle of the greatest interest, and the respectful manner in whioh all the men doffed their caps in passing their employer, who stood to acknowledge their devotion, showed unmistakably that the men looked upon him not merely as the payer of their wages, but as their friend, and as well the son of him whom they were attached to, and whose monument they had mainly helped to erect. The whole was a scene that might, perhaps, teach other employers that workmen can appreciate such acts of kindness as those given by the late Alfred Krupp for the benefit of his men, and so generously followed by his son. Such a con trast is a tribute to humanity, and is prefer able, indeed, to the labour scenes recently exhibited in America and England, and may be a lesson to other large employers of labour, indicating as it does the amity and good feel ing that can exist between employer and em ployed. " Baron Rothschild on Riches.—M. Renan said some time ago (says the Daily Graphic) that the modern Jew was a reincarnation of Ecclesiastes; and it would really seem from the confession of faith with which Baron Rothschild, of Paris, has favoured the Figaro, that the brilliant semitologist was not far wrong. The Baron's ethics might indeed have been taken straight from Koheleth. " Do riches lead to happiness':" asked his inter viewer, and the man of millions virtually answered, "'What good is there to the owners thereof, saving the beholding of them with their eyes?" The real source of happiness, added the modern Crœsus, is work, which is very much the same thing as saying with the preacher, "The sleep of the labouring man is sweet whether he eat little or much.' Apart from this curious parallel, however, the Baron's statements, especially in regard to economic questions, are well worth study ing. The Socialistic attack on capital is, he says, a "stupidity," for its success must mean widespread ruin. Capital is really only an agglomeration of wealth, which is adminis tered in the public interest by a certain restricted number of individuals. The capi talists themselves have no actual property in it. .They certainly live on it while they labour at its administration; but its bulk is always flowing backwards and forwards in channels which are necessary to the life of industry. What would occur if these agglomerations of money were attacked ? Not only would no one be benefited, but the whole fabric of trade and industry would be ruined. With the destruc tion of the reservoirs the irrigating and fertilis ing conduits could no longer be fed, and famine would reign in the land. In short, the aim of the Socialist is to kill the goose which lays the golden eggs. Leprosy Dreaded for Father Cokbardy. —After the death of the great Father Damien, Father Conrardy, it will be remembered, valiantly took that martyr's responsibility and carried on his labours. And now (says the Tablet) we have the news of a possible seizure of leproBy on the part of this seoond leper apoBtle. Thus he writes to a priest of New York:—"In regard to leprosy—I won't say I have it or have it not. Sometimes I think I have it, but of this I cannot be sure. When it breaks out, then one knows. I don't wish to get it. If it comes I will have to receive it; but if with leprosy aBthma develops itself I shall be pretty badly off. I would rather be a leper than to suffer much with asthma. Leprosy is often painlesB and does not incapacitate you for work, but asthma does and makes you suffer. ... As a matter of course everything is saturated with leprosy. Visiting the poor lepers you cannot be standing up all the time—you sit down on bed, chair,, box, or floor J you open a door or windo w. The lepers have touched these things a thousand times, so you take more or less of leper matter, and if you hav6 a scratch on finger or hand, or before washing your hands you thoughtlessly rub your eye or sore mouth, you iunoculata yourself. You notice it when too late. . . . I recommend myself and my poor afflicted people to the prayers of the fathers and the faithful. We need prayers very much." It was in Father Conrardy's arms that Father Damien died. Russian Seizure or a Canadian Vessel. —" By way of Hongkong news has been re ceived," says the Sydney Echo of the 10th met., " of the arrival there of part _ of the crew of one of the Canadian sealing vessels which recently were seized by a Russian man-of-war. They reached Hongkong from Nagasaki, whither they had been sent from Vladivostock. The men stated that their vessel was seized when she was about forty-five miles from Coffee Island by the Russian cruiser Vitiaz. The story of the seizure of the Carmelite, the con fiscated vessel to which the meu belonged, is similar to that narrated by the crews of the sealing vessels Ariel, RoBie. Olsen, and the William McGktwn, all seized during last duly. The arrested sealers were well enough treated on board the Russian warship, which conveyed them prisoners to Vladivostock, but after they were handed over to the authorities there they complain of having had a very bad time of it. Their statement is that they were housed in a large shed atready occupied by thirty or forty Chinamen. The place bore every appearanoe of being a lazaretto, the Chinamen lying about on benches around the wall. During the first night two Chinamen died, and five died on the second night. The Carmelite's men were afraid that it was cholera that was decimating the Chinese, and resolved to follow the same course they adopted^ at Petropaulovsky of sleeping m the open air, the few who still re tained articles of clothing selling them to obtain lodgings in Russian huts." A "Tall" Shake Story.—Some Austra lian shark stories are told in Chambers's Journal for September, as taken down from the lips o( a pearl-diver. Here is the "tallest" of them:—"On one occasion a big fellow come alongside me where I was working. I stopped, ofoourse, and stepped back quietly to let him pass. But he did not. Heoame nearer. I then thought he was curious, but soon found that another feeling than curiosity was moving him. As I retreated he still ad vanced, until I found myself jammed up againBt the rook. 1 oould retreat no further, and yet the brute came on determinedly. But instead of approaching me with his long nose—for you don't see his jaws—he turned his side and began to rub up againBt me. I had a small 'jumper' in my hand, whioh I held with the point outwards against his skin, as I did not wish to have bis rough skin sooring along my dress. It was some thing like what a cow would be rubbing against you. The iron on bis skin was, how ever, the very thing he wanted, as he soon gave me to understand. I was kept there at least half an hour scratching that monster with the sharp iron. He took it like a pig, bending his body and turning over on his side so as to present a fresh surface to the jumper. £ suppose he must have felt easierfor the operation, for after a time he moved away. I had one or two further visits from him on following days, on each of which I waB obliged to scratch him for a time. I think he roust have recognised me as a kindly and effectual ecratchor. I imagine he was suffer ing from some parasitical or skin disease, to which he may have fallen a victim. Otherwise, I might be in that soratohing billet still." Mbthoiwst Relics.—Much interest will be felt in Wesleyan Methodist circleB (says the Leeds Mercury) by the announcement that the Rev. Charles Kelly has discovered some valuable manuscripts which have the original copies of the most exquisite hymns written by Charles Wesley and other members of a family largely gifted with poetio genius. Several volumes were found the other day in the Methodist bookroom, and it may be that after careful sifting some hymns may be there that have not yet been printed. The handwriting is in the well- known, clear, neat style of the poet, and lovers of Methodist relics will be delighted to have a look at such compositions as " Lo! On a Narrow Neck of Land," and "Come. Holy Ghost, Our Hearts Inspire." It is supposed the documents were purchased by the late Thomas Jackson from Charles Wesley, jnn. This is not the first dis covery made by Mr. Kelly. Not ling ngo he found the account-book, in which aro recorded, with John Wesley's signatures, several payments he had made in connection with the bookroom Wesleyan relics have been recent y increased, and Methodist visi tors to London will find it worth their while to spend a few hours at the bookroom, whore there is an accumulation of treasures bsaring on the eighteenth century rerival. PORTDGDEBE IDEA OF THE ENGLISH. — To see ourselves as others see us is a rare privi lege, but, according to the Daily Ohronwlc, an unusual opportunity to do so conies fsom Malacca, where a Portuguese boy in the publio school was told to write a composition telling all he knew about the English. This is what he wrote, the spelling being amended except in the one marvellous word "docnt," which means dog-cart"English is very proud and very white. They are mostly Governors, schoolmasters, policemen, Magistrates, and a [ few are lawyers and doctors and Banks and many other things. They never work. They wear hats and boots and ride in doouts. Some English goes to Church, but only once. They are clever tennis and ball games, and drinks much brandy j and other things. Some are married. They eat a much quantity of many things. One of their great delights smoking oigars and shooting and raining and coming home in it. English is clever at all things. My j father says Portuguese is black and ugly, and j catch fish, but English is white and pretty, and eats fish what is caught. Father is blaok and ugly, but making nets. English is very fierce, j If anybody does something they swear dam. ] English women is few. They ride and play the mueio and sing and make faces. It is easy, no work, nor little houses. I don't know any more English. That is all I know." The small community of Englishmen in Malacca look upon the circulation of this composition as a very bad joke, but the residents elsewhere say that it is so true that if this Portugese boy oould only be taught spelling he would prove a eeoond Rudyard Kipling. The New Lord Mayor.—The Western Weekly News says of Alderman Stuart Knill, the new Lord Mayor of London:—" He is a stanch Conservative. His election created a No-Popery storm, in consequence of his refusal to promise that he will be present at the services at City Churohes and at St. Paul's Cathedral, which it is customary for the Lord Mayor to attend. It has been felt in unpre judiced circles that the newly elect has behaved in a straightforward and manly manner, and that, while preserving to himself his freedom of action in the matter of religious observance he will also preserve the traditional liberties of the great city over which he will hold civic sway. Dr. Parker, of the City Temple, honours Alderman Knill for the part he has played, and adds—* I would rather trust a sincere Roman Catholic than I wonld trust a trimming and time- serving professcrof Protes tantism.' But the Chief_ Magistrate will have to be present at an Anglican place of worship in an official capacity, and this Archbishop Vaiighan, who is an ultra-Romanist, concedes in these words, replying to a question in that direction, 'There may be cases in which a Catholic might be present at a service in a hon Catholie plnceof worship in an official capacity' . . . but ho 'is in no case allowed to enter into communion with another religion . . . nr evc-n to appear t.o enter into such com munion.' A guarded repiy, certainly The Persecutions in Russia.—The Sydney Telegraph learns that Mr. Joseph J. Neave, of Sydney, a minister of the Society of Friends or Quakers, has been authorised by a representa tive meeting of that body in London to visit his persecuted brethren, the Stundists, in Russia, and intercede with the Russian authori ties on their behalf. Mr. Neave, who has for several years been engaged in travelling throughout the Australasian Colonies in the interests of Christianity, has for some time felt a concern to visit his co-religionists in exile, and now does so in a spirit of pure Christian brotherhood. He is not only encouraged in his mission by Colonel PasohkoS, a re ligious exile now in England, Dr. Baedeker, a German missionary, who has visited these Christian exiles in Siberia, and others acquainted with the Russian offioial circle, giving him letters of introduction whioh it is hoped will disarm the bigotry of the Greek Church, but is also furnished with a donation of £1,000 from a wealthy member of the Society of Friends, one of the last instalments of some £30,000 raised by that body for the Russian Famine Fund, but given specially for the benefit of the exiled Stun dists. Mr. Neave, if permitted, intends visiting these nineteenth century martyrs in Siberia, a long and perilous journey over the vast steppes of Russia by sleigh or tarantass, and, if an interview with the Czar is granted, will intercede, not only for the Stundists, but for all who suffer for the religiouB views they hold. The Victorian Ministry Criticised.—At the tenth annual celebration of the Young Women's Christian Association held on Tues day evening in the Melbourne Town Hall (reports the Argus) the Rev. Dr. Bevan passed some scathing criticisms upon the apathy of theShiels Government in regard to matters affecting the good name of the colony. " The time," said Dr. Bevan, "had oome when those who cared about the sanctity of family life, the decency of the streetB, or the good name of the colony should speak out. Hover in any Christian community had there been such an outrage upon public decency as the women's tug - of - war at the Exhibition Building. Had the_ contest taken place at a private theatre it would not have mattered so much, but the Exhibition was a publio building in the hands of trustees, who had forfeited their truBt. A Government whioh did not interfere deserved the scorn and con tempt and rebuke of every decent-minded man and woman in the community. According to reports, many men holding the highest publio positions looked on at this tug-of-war, and if they did not stand up and denounce the whole thing must be charged with the responsibility of the affair." On the question of the extension of the telephone system to houses of ill-fame Dr. Bevan was even more emnhatio. " If it is true," he said, " I hope and pray that if an attempt is being made to- night to cast the Go vernment out of office God will give that at tempt suocess, because such a Government is a standing shame and disgrace in the presence of all decent men." The Mattei Cancer Core.—Drs. S. and A. S. Kennedy, of London, have issued a pamphlet entitled " The Matteist's Rejoinder," being a oomment on the conduot of the Board of Investigation, including several well-known London doctors, who undertook to watch Mattei patients, but afterwards withdrew and published an unfavourable report. The paper included a series of articles and letters that appeared in the Review of Reviews and medical periodicals on the subjeot as well as statements by the patients. In the report which the committee prepared they, stated t —"The oommittee are unable to report that they have seen anything at all in the Mattei system, either in its methods or its results which tends to differentiate it favourably from other so-called cancer cures which had been invariably found in practice to fail, or that the Mattei remedies are of any avail' in tbe treatment of oanoerous disease." Drs. Kennedy, in reply, assert that the com mittee retired before completing their work; that time had not been g i yen to prove the efficacy or otherwise of the cure.; and that rather than the patients being "markedly worse," they show Bigns of improvement, and have been relieved from much pain by the treatment. In short, the committee say the " cure" is no cure, whilst those on the other side say it is. 