THAT GIRL FROM TEXAS. BY JEANNETTE H. WALWORTI. CHAPTER XXIV.-Continued. If she had ever been in love! Bella clasped her cold hands tightly to gether, feeling grateful for the shield ing darkness of the room and for Flo's petulant continuance. '.I declare you make me feel as if I had no right to be as happy as I am to-night, Bella. I just couldn't stay away from you any longer. I wanted you to be the first one to congratulate me and tell me you were glad I was going to be married.' ' I do congratulate you, Flo, if you love the man you are going to be married to.' No one will ever be able to compute the amount of heroism those words cost. ' Love him I Better than I do any body in the wide, wide World. And he is worthy of so much better a woman, Bella-ho so strong, and patient, and tender, and wise. Oh! my darling, if you were only as happy as I am to.night this would be just a perfect' day. The hours have fairly flown. I've been in a dream of bliss aine I left this house.' ' Winged by the man you love so well ?' Bella asked, beginning to marvel at her own new found powers of dissimulation. S'Yes, winged by the man 1 love Ho well. I expect we talked an ample share of nonsense, but we were also very practical. tlo practical that I expect I will have to get you to begin right off to help mue do my shopping. My beloved says it must be very im mediate. But it's a shame for me to chatter on so and you with your head aching so badly. You're coming down to dinner, aren't you, Bella. Papa ,and he are to be here.' ' I think not,' Bella said, drawing 'herself out of Flo's arms to conceal the shivering she could not control. Who know better then she how strong and patient and tender and wise this man who had been stolen from her could be ? Was she called ,on to act as a foil to Flo's radiant beauty tonight ? Was she called on ,to put her, pale cheeks and sad eyes in nunfavourable contract with the happy brilliancy of her friend ? On the other hand, was it not a refinement of cruelty, almost of impertinence, this coming back to the house for the 'first time as Flo's accepted lover? She was weighing it seriously within herself, when Flo said, with a nervous laug, ' He admits it will be something of an ordeal facing you. But 'this de licious day will be all spoiled forme if you come downstairs looking frozen and distant. Oh! my darling Bella, if you ever had been in love you would know how ridiculously unreasonable a girl feels. I told him to day that I shouldn't wdnder yet if he did not sorely repent him of his infatuation after seeing you to-night.' 'Then you were grossly indelicate, and you almost make me hate you,' said Miss Newoome ; ' please go away and loet me dress for dinner. I do not intend to show your father the disre spect of absenting myself. I shall certainly be on hand for dinner.' She could not see the triumphant smile that curled Flo's red lips as she got up promptly from the lounge, swept her a stately courtesy, and went away. Bella double locked the door almost immediately after her exit, and then lighting every gas jet in the room she, leaned forward and ex amined her own face critically in the glass. ' I look like a fright,' she said aloud, ' but all that dress can do make to up for my deficiencies shall be done to-night. He shall not think I am a wreck of his own making.' With which intention she proceeded to select her evening costume with the utmost deliberation, and by the time she was fully arrayed in a combination suit of dark-blue velvet and silk, with ruffles of fine lace at her throat and wrists, with a big bunch of pale pink roses fastened over the region of her fast-beating heart, she certainly did not suggest the idea of. a wreck of any body's making. Her eyes were ablaze with the in dignation of a supposed msult; her cheeks were suffused with a flush that was in reality a fever flush, but added the. last-needed touch to her beauty, which on this occasion was almost regal: She would not go down until the last momeht. She knew full well the value of a late entrance into an assemblage. Just across the hall, Flo, engaged in a like deliberate selection of the most ,becoming costume in her possession, was indulging in reflections of a very different character. In fact, hers were of such a pleasing nature that more than once while arraying herself with unusual regard to effect, she laughed aloud : I am satisfied: It was a cruel ex periment, but I was just determined to find out whose fault it was. He's dead .in love with her, and she's dead inlove with him. I could feel the poor darl ing shivering in my arms when she thought I meant Mr. Roberts. 80o much for pronouns. How was she to know that Dr Rogers had come on with papa, and that mamma had sent along by him a sort of advanced blessing. Oh, this has been such a delicious day, I've found out all I want to know about Bella; now I've got to fathom Mr Roberts. Dear me I what a positive mancnuvrer I'm getting to be. I ought to be either very proud of myself or very much ashamed of myself.' It certainly had been a day of most unprecedented mental activity for Miss DorEey. Taking Mr. Roberts from his office desk by a most peremptory de. mand, written on the back of her visiting card, to the effect that she must see him immediately, she had captured him and ordered the driver towards the depot, where she expected to find her father explaining to him en route that her father's pilgrimage to New York was mainly on account of Mr. Newcome's troubles. ' I may as well tell you now, Mr. Roberts, that the first night I spent in Mr. Newcome's house I discovered that something was awfally wrong with him. You have suspected, I believe, but you have never known positively, that I got that little hurt preventing him from hurting himself. I wrote to papa-papa and I tell each other everything-that 1 thought Mr. New come was in great trouble, perhaps about money, and asked him if he wouldn't offer to help him out of it for papa is rich and has only one silly girl to dress and care for. He wrote back that it would be rather an im pertinently officious thing to offer to help a man before'he acknowledged the need of help, but if the time ever came when I though he was really needed to telegraph for him and he would come. Long before I was born, Mr. Newoome helped papa with the money that gave him his start in life. Well, the other day, when I found out acci dentally that my poor precious Bella was actually wearing herself to a shadow giving music lessons, because she would not. tax her father with her support, I just thought the time had come for papa to put in his oar. And oh ! he pulls a vigorous one, I can tell you. So he's to. be here this morning, and I can't begin to explain the ins and outs of it all to him, so I just thought I'd hand him over to you as soon as he got here, and between y mu two-you with your knowledge of affairs, and he with his anxiety to help an old friend--would get it all right. Now, please say you don't think me impertinently officious.' She turned pleadingly towards him in the carriage. He was looking out of the window abstractedly. 'I don't believe you have heard one word I said,' she exclaimed, irritated at his absent look. ' I beg your pardon. I heard every word you said, and was thinking how queer it was that a young girl's hand should, after all, be the strong one to lift my poor old friend out of the mire.' 'Oh, don't compliment, please. I adore Bella, and it breaks my heart to see her unhappiness.' 'Is Miss Newoome unhappy ?' 'How hatefully cold and cynical your voice sounds asking such a superfluous question ! Please tell me what she has to make her anything else.' 'The unalterable devotion of Lord Rainsforth's son.' ' You say that, when you.know how utterly she despises him.' 'I know nothing of the sort: I know that she permits his escort when she is going the rounds in rather questionable parts of town, carrying out her quixotic ideas of in dependence.' 'Permitted his escort! If you had not dropped us all so remarkably lately, you might have heard the sequel to that part of my poor Bella's annoy auces. If you'll promise to be more sociable and reasonable I'll tell you about that.' 'I will try to be reasonable, but as for being sociable, my dear young lady, you can form no conception of the amount of business I have to attend to in Mr. Newcome's absence.' ' It is not business that keeps you from Bella Newcome's side, Mr. Roberts,' she said daringly ; 'you used to think her little short of perfec tion.' 'I am afraid you are right,' he answered very gravely. 'Afraid ?' ' Yes, afraid. Pedestals are always an uncertain sort of things. But if I'm not mistaken, that is the train your father ought to be in.' He opened the carriage door, and with Flo on his arm hurried into the depot. There was a sudden lifting of the weight upon his heart. Perhaps, after all, he had been doing his darling an injustice. Oh ! if she could but explain away the darkness, and the horrible suspicions that had enveloped, him as in a pall for these past weeks. Bells unhappy! Could it be, after all But the rush and scurry of a rail road depot is inimical to sentimental reflections, .especially with an excit able young female swinging to one's arm. Flo gave his arm a most unnecessary jerk at this particular juncture. 'There's papal that dear old fat gentleman, with the big flapping black hat on-such a Southern old hat-standing looking a trifle bewil dered on the steps, and the people behind him looking as if they wanted to punch him in the back with their bags. The people behind him-is why-yes-Dr. Rogers I' She was no longer swinging to his protecting arm, she was already tods in advance of him, with two hands out stretched-the one to the ' dear old fat gentleman with the big flapping black .hat,' the other to a tall, straight young man, who sent love-glances ahead of him from a pair of very speaking brown eyes. CHAPTER XXV. CLOUD LIFTING. Mr. Roberts returned to his office in a brighter mood, after an interview with Mr. Dorsey in the reading-room of his hotel. The interview had lasted for more than two hours, and was to result in material benefit to Mr. Neweome, his partner, all of which was of course highly satisfactory to Mr. Roberts. But that was not what made him feel so very much lightened in spirits that he actually whistled a tune in his office then, which he had all to him self at the luncheon hour, a period of time which always received prompt re cognition from his clerk and his little typewriter. If an explanation of his sensations had been compulsory, Mr. Roberts would have been forced to acknow ledge that the two things which had made him 'feel so immensely better. humoured, all of a sudden, were the facts of Miss Newcome's unhappi. ness and of Lord Rainsforth's son's dipcomfiture and departure for the Old World.. He had had no further private con. versation with Miss Dorsey after that ecstatic exclamation of hers on dis covering Dr. Rogers with her father ; but crumbs go a long way with a starving man. And in the region of his heart Mr. Roberts was conscious of excessive, and increasing hunger. The junior partner was not very young; he never had been the sort of young man who could fall in and out of love with equal facility. Bella, as he had once believed in her, had been so altogether soul.satisfying that when he felt compelled, by his own 'rigid code of honour, to disbelieve in her, it had never occurred to him as possible that he could ever quite recover from his poignant disappoint ment in her, or desire to replace her image with that of another woman. Flo had said, - with such evident •. .. . : -. :J scorn for his stupidity, that the Ridgway escort business could be satisfactorily explained away, that for the first time it occurred to him so might the pawn-ticket business. He flushed with a delicious sense of exultation over the reflection, that perhaps his prolonged silence and absence might have something to do with that unhappiness of Bella's, which made her friend's ' heart ache.' But how to take the first remedial measure ? ' Oh, my darling,' he exclaimed, in the eagerness of revulsion from his great disappointment to renewed hope, 'if I have indeed misjudged you, how tender and good I will be to you to win your forgiveness and to make you forget it'!' He stopped' whistling, and was busily casting about in his mind for some pretext to call at Mrs. New come's after deliberately absenting himself for so many weeks, when the knot of his difficulty was out in the most unexpected manner. A messenger boy, arrived with .a note from- Mrs. Newcome, in one corner of which was the initialled re quest that he would please reply. This is what it contained, and it pleased, him very much to reply: ' My dear Mr. Roberts: Our young Southern friend, .iss Dorsey, with the freedom of action that is so marked a characteristic of hers at all times' (Mrs. Newcome regarded that sentence with a large degree of com placency. She considered that it em bodied a crushing blow at the two indiscreet personages she had sur prised in a public hack that morning) ' has invited two strange gentlemen here to dinner, without consulting me. Her father and a friend of her father's, is all I am told about it. 'I suppose the giving of this invi tation and the accepting of it are quite in accordance with the lax social customs of Miss Dorsey's Texas home ; but imagine my discomfiture! My son, by reason of a most unpleasant recent interview with Miss Dorsey, absolutely refuses to return to the house so long as she is our guest; so I am left to entertain two strange men at dinner, with no one to repre sent the head of the house. In my sad perplexity I turn to you to beg you to come to me for dinner, if you have no engagement so pressing that you cannot break it.' From that moment the junior part ner began to believe that there might be such a thing as special providences, and complacently regarded himself as the object of one. His answer conveyed to Mrs. New come the information that he had another engagement, which he must cancel in order to como to her, so that if he should happen to be a little late she need not give him up. He was inexcusably late according to his own somewhat antiquated no tions of etiquette, and when he en tered the parlors he received a decided shock, that made him wish most vigorously that he had returned a different answer to Mrs. Newcome's invitation, and left her to scramble out of her quandary as best she might. There sat Mrs. Newcome, decorously" resplendent in a combination of black velvet and satin, and quite fully occu pyiag all of the sofa left to her by Mr. Dorsey, who was as big of body as he was of heart and brain, which is ac cording the Texas planter ample phy sical girth. It was a renewal of old acquaintanceship with him and Mrs. Newcome, and.the fund of remini seence seemed inexhaustible so far as he was concerned; and there sat Flo, happily absorbed in and absorbing Dr. Rogers, there by the bay window behind the lace curtains, where the flowers bloomed perennially. Certainly he was not needed there; no, nor anywhere else, he speedily and moodily concluded, taking' rapid note of Bella's absence, as he bowed deferentially over his hostess' plump white hand. Flo advanced towards him, radiant with happiness. Dr. Rogers lingered on behind, sniffing at the flowers in an absent sort of fashion, while his eyes followed Flo's. regal form adoringly as she swept towards Mr. Roberts. He knew all about. Roberts, by this time. Splendid.looking fel low he was too. ,'Miss Newcome would do a good thing in marrying her father's partner. He didn't envy him, however. It was just at the juncture when Flo, putting her hand confidingly into Mr. Roberts', leaned forward to say to him in a low voice, with her luminous eyes raised to his, "I have played a cruel joke on my darling Bella, and you alone can compensate for it," that Bella herself appeared with the noise. lessness of a ghost in the doorway. (21o Is Centinued.) 