Hawaiian Superstitions. A Verandah Chat, BY BELLE OSBOUEXE, " What a superstitious lot these Kanaka* are 1" says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moonlight throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen; " if they have the toothache, and it rainc, why, heaven weeps in sympathy ; if the little keiki.steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry." "They never seem to think," says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, " that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove ! this would be a pretty damp place to live in 1" I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly Watching the moonlight on the mango, surely thte most beautiful tiee that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. " YeSj'^J. say, reflectively—bang 1 falls a mango on the roof—" they are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries : don't you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies' houses?" '•What's that for?" from the hammo ck. " It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough ; but as sure as anything is tbe matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas." " And what might a kahuna be?" "Oh, those kahunas/" Joe gives an impatient kick ; they make me tired I They do the awfulest things I They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the fire and gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of roasted bJack pig—" *, It is always a black pig," I interrupt, " and then they go to sleep and pretend to dream." "Who's telling this story?"—a man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife—" When he finishes his mummery with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot an1 appiies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know." " The strangest thing to me," I remark, in a meek snubbed way, " is the anaana." " I've heard of that," said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary Rembrandt effect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; " but do you rtally believe it V' " Believe it! Why, the kahuttas have in their- power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anaana them, or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them." Well, you know," from Joe, " Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely powerless to save a man who is being prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, but thej' prove their side of the argument by giving up the ghost." . " I remember when our ship was at Hilo," said the navy officer, " we heard of a native politician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket, He paid a kahuna a lot of money to anaana them. The three men defied him for a time, and swaggered about, pretending not to care, but they gave right up to the first ailment they had; one died of a cold, another succumbed to themumps, and the third one simply kicked the bucket because he realised that it was bis fate." They predicted when Like-Like was going to die," I chip in. " You never saw her did you 1 She was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of the royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and yet she died when they said she would." " And when was that ?" " When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so strange had she known of the event, but she died, and it was after her death that the steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the lava flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her last." " I wonder," says Joe, "if the lava flow ever yet caught Pele's pig ?" "I know/'^says the navy officer, "that Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, pot, and even dogs into the boiling lava—but I never knew she owned such an unromantic thing as a pig." "Oh, she dosen't own him," I say "he IB the pest of her life 1 She hates him. The natives say he lives in the district of Kona, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, becomes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets hopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down tbe Kona side of tbe mountain." " Then bow do they account for the great flow of 1SGS that came so near destroving Hilo ?" " Oh that was such a blow to the missionaries !" I say with a malicious chuckle. " They try so hard to combat the native superstitions. There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side toward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way ; but it is like a huge wave of molasses, roiling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tougues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and buUbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would have des- troyed the town," Joe l.iughed. " Lord ! how the people wer« getting out of Hilo I Especially the Portuguese, who were leaving in shoals. The missionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these montlis, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could save tbe town." " Tbev appealed to Princess Ruth," I continue, " She was the last descendant of tbe great Kamehamehas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when they grew frightened they sent for her, and the huge princess—" " Dear little thing !" laughs Joe " She only weighed four hundered and eighty pounds!" " Well, 4hey carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacrifices—" "A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, and a silk dress," said Joe. —"And appealed to the Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then she said calmly to her servants 'It will stop.'" "Do you know what sbe did?" cried Joe, enthusiastically; " she went into a cottage in the very teeth of the flow, and slept. There's Taith for you. And it stopped ! The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped I And there vou can see to this day the black hardened lava only a few yards from the outskirts of ri No wonder tbev are superstitious," says ( 'b'Miavy ullicer. I A few such coincidence* would affect anybody. I wonder, though, if the missionaries would have called it superstition if the flow bad stopped ia answer to their prayers ?" " Don't you remember when Prince Lunaiilo was buried ?" says Joe ; " that was enough to make anybody superstitious." ' " What was that?" the navy officer sits up, balancing himself in the hammock so that the moonlight glitters on his blonde head. "Tell ^ a;{ about it." "Ting-aling—ting-a-liagf" • s It's only the telephone," I say, as I go to f the instrument. " Lieutenant B. wanted on btatd the Adams," " Oh, pshaw I" from tbe hammock. "That telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes—I say, please iin<r ap one-forty- eiyht for a carriage, will you ? and tell us about Prince Lunalilo while it is coming." " Well, I say, curling up comfortably on the corncr of the steps, "he was an immense favorite, you know." " Yes, I know—jolly fellow—heard a lot of good stories about him." " When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his style of burial was afterward changed, and when his body was removed the natives asked the govermnent for another salute of twentyfour guns, to wbich the answer came that they had already buried him with all tne honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indignant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed his body to its last resting-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty, four distinct claps were counted.'* " Oh, take off one clap," says the lieutenant, flippantly, as he looks for his hat. '-Well, I declare! is that rain 1 After this moonlight, who would have thought it I Well, good-bye. Aloha nut, as tbe natives say." " Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see ' Heaven weeps in sympathy.'" 