1 BDNCIj OF VIOLETS, OB, A SAILOR'S LASS. A aomance of Land and Sea. Et Ju j. pithouse. OHAPTEE XL EEJECTBD. C Contimo'd.) It was eleven o'clock now, and the moon lay high in the heavens, jet smoke was ebbing from old Jacob's chimney, and his cottage showed set in the foliage, amid which a few skeleton gum trees towered ghost-like, high into the blue vault against the stars above, half hidden by the gossamer clouds trailing off here and there into pennants of white, knows to him as a seaman by die name of mare's tails. The dav would be hot to morrow, he would be on his way to seek another ship, departing from his darling without even a farewell It could never be. He leaned against a rook wet by the last spray of the outgoing tide, and looked out seawards. A large steamer was passing, one of the China line no doubt. He watched her as she rose and fell, his eye oaught the gleam of her side, lights, and followed the drift of her funnel smoke until it vanished into nothingness far astern, while her wake i was marked by a bluish phosphoric light | discernible in a measure even though it I was bright moonlight. In the rear, the lights of planter Austin's villa broke in flashes through the ti-trees on the beaoh, and two red specks showed that the old gentleman and Aubrey were upon the verandah smoking cigars. The erpanse of cane and bananas was gently waving silver-crested like the rippling of a sea, and the ocean breezes mingled with the odor of crushed cane lying in heaps near the mill. It was an evening such as per chance he might never see again, and its beauties oame home to his heart as he leaned against that rock on the shore, and speculated upon the last few week? which had flown by, with a glamor of contentment, of perfect happiness, such as he never imagined to exist save in a realm foreign to the world. The sociotr of this Queensland girl had shed an halo over the darkness of his existence. He felt that he could live, and live alone for . her sake — without her love life would be but a blank, existence itself loathsome. Then he walked up the rockbound path that led to old Jacob's. He could see the cutter Daisy lying in the bed of the creek, for the tide was out and the long willow branches here and there trailed in the mud. Old Jacob's nets hung brown and wet across two poles, while the glittering scales of fish strewing the ground underneath showed that he had lately been fishing, which explained the lateness of his retirement, for the old couple as he knew retired to rest early. The old tar opened the door in response to Melville's knock, his dark physiog tiomg f/«niukJ Vitt ? fistiAf's pai4 nan ani4 peering acrosB the beams of a lighted candle , which he was shading with one hand. A pair of broad braces went over a blue jersey, while his feet were yet encased in sea-boots, showing he had not long returned. ' Oh, law a deary me,' erclaizoed Sail, as she peered over his shoulders, 'if it ain't Cap'in Melville. Any thing gone wrong at the honse, sir P This ere Jacob's a just come home. Can't yer ask the gelamel inside, Jaoob, instead o' starin' in that fashion with the candle in yer hand.' 'I have oome to say good-bye,' said Melville. ' I go to Brisbane to-morrow morning, and I wish to see Jaoob particu larly, u he is at leisure to come along the shore for a short distance.' ' Dear, dear, you're leavin', just fancy,' cried ' Sail, throwing up her hands in surprise. 'Well, if I never/ broke in old Jacob, removing his red cap, and tugging at his grey hair. * O' course, sir, if 1 can be o' ony sarviee, I'll be too happy to 'com pany you. On seeing you here this time o' the night it kinder gives a fellar a que& turn, but I'se sorry your go in' away, downright sorry. I wish I'd the luck to ship with you a woyage or so; it ud do this snrivelled old carcase a world o' good to get a sniff o' the briny, and feel the spokes o' the wheel/ Little thought Jacob that in time his wish would be gratified to its fullest extent. ' Oh yessir/ he said, as he closed the door, and together they trod the path to wards the beach. ' Here I'se been lyin' a sheer hulk for a good fifteen year, all through gettin' spliced, though I be gettiir old, and they want young fellars aboard, not old daddys. Doesn't yon sea look splendid as she rolls in, a tumblin' and foaming, great patches like Tmlk on tbe sands, and the wind kinder fresbnin' to the nor'-e&st; ; 'twill bring a bit o' a swell on afore mornin'/ He was standing both hands shoved deep into his trousers pockets, his long tasseled cap falling on one side of his blue guernseyea broad braced shoulders, while his sea boots came up above his knees. * Look yer there, sir/ withdrawing one hand and pointing it to the norUi east ward- ' See yon cloud, there's wind a | hangin' over there, enough in another two hours as ull send 'em through a clean fifteen knots and tops'Is ciose reefed ; but is there trouble at the house P If such an old hulk like I be is o' any sarviee, right welcome it be to you says, I.' Melville glanced around to see if anyone was visible, then in a low tone be requested the old man to deliver a note into Miss Austin's hand. 4 So that's how she heads, is it?1 his wrinkled features breaking into a broad ?mile. * Towards tbe fairest port on earth. I 'gratulate you, sir. I'se had no edicanon, but I knows enough to know , how a ship heads when she swings at her I chain oable. The old planter doesn't think you well enough off in this ere world's goods to be 'is son, and MiBsie I Belle — ah — ah — ah — Missie Belle as I dainty a yacht as ever sailed the briny. I She gives yer full permission to take her helm— ah — ah — she's a sailor's sweet heart, Mr Melville. Yer can trust her through thick and thin, and I'll mind her for yer. On my davy if I won't. It aeetns to be a kind o' a spiracy about the affair, that Sydney gelamel a skulkm' round like a pirate, but if he shows alongside Missie Belle, 1*11 give him such ? broadside raker as 'ull send hi'? to Davy Jones' looker in no time. And now l'a as a 'sprue for yer ; about an hour or ao afore you comes sounded a knock at the door ; who was there but Missie Belle, her face white like a ghost's, while her little white hands trembled like one o' those machines as gives yer the shakes when yer grips the handles. Is Sail in, says she. In the back kitchen, cays I. Hush, she whispered; please Jaoob give this to Mr Melville, he is leavin' early in the morning, an' she hands me a note. Her poor pretty face looked so wan and pleadin' like, so heart broken that 1 longed to take her in my ?rxaa and soothe her as one does a babby. Then she tells me to tell no one she gave it me, and without another word, afore I could say Jack Robinson, walks home as fast as she can. I guessed enough then to know how the land lay, though there was a mist over the cea. Give her your note — aye, aye— a thousand times yes. Here's the one she gave me ; you'd a got it all right if yer hadn't come down, for I'd a been up and waitin' for yer long afore the sun rose over yonder briny. He shoved his hand into his trousers pocket and produced a small envelope vearinf handwriting Melville knew well. then taking Melville's note he carefully wrapped it in an old.blue handkerchief, and deposited it where its fellow had been. ' Jacob, you're a true seaman,' Melville jaid, warmly grasping hia hand, * and if circumstances turn out as I anticipate, I will reward you/ 1 1 doesn't do it for any reward what ever, sir. To do you and Missie Belle any sarviee does my old heart good, and yer may depend on my doing my utter most to help yer bring yer yacht into port/ ' Aye, aye, my good fellow would that every man possessed such an honest heart ; you have lightened my mind con siderably. I can trust you, and some time, God willing, we shall meet again/ 'Bless yer, sir/ wringing his hands, 1 it seems hud to say ory ror (au revoir) to a friend, 'specially if that there friend be a seaman the same as mysel' be, but yer can depend o' my cheerin' Missie Belle all as be in my power. A few days more and you'll be afloat and sniifing the briny, while I stays here a doing jobs a landlubber could do better/ With a naval tug of his forelock the old tar rolled away to his cabin, while Mel ville, with a mind greatly relieved, retraced his steps, breaking the envelope as he went. Bat a few lines the note contained, together with a few shrivelled violets. It ooncluded with : — ?' Though seas may divide us yet we shall meet again. Treasure these few faded flowers for my sake. You know their story. I retain the other half, anxiously awaiting the time when they shall join their fellows. Your loving Belle.' He pressed his hand against his brow in an agony of perplexity. To unite those withered flowers he had to find his true parentage, together with a large sum of money. He knew not whither to Next morning Melville was gone. ! CHAPTER XII THE GIPSY'S CONFESSION. j I Eighteen months passed by* It was i autumn, and the trees were dead and red i in Devon. The wind was rattling the branches like the bones of skeletons, and scurrying the dead leaves hither and thither across the park, where the sail sank in its rose 'like setting above the long tiers of hill towards the west. The son.: of the birds was hushed, no sound reached the ear save the groaning ol trees and rustling of fallen leaves like crackling paper. Above, the heavens gave token of a storm in the cloud? whirling in gTeat grey masses of vapor, gradually overspreading the streak ol crimson that yet showed in a patch like blood where the Bun had gone. The farmers were hurrying their stock off to the barns. The tradespeople in Hardham were taking their stock in, for the wind swept round corners, through chinks and chimneys, with a force that made the lights flicker and the young ohildren draw the blankets close to them as they retired to bed. Squire Aubrey's only daughter, Esme, was down in the village of Hardham that evening, for during the daytime the sun had been shining as on a warm summer's day. ' Don't trouble/ she eaid to the grocer's wife, who, noticing the clouds, had wanted her husband to drive the yon Tig lady homo, 4 1 can walk, it is but three miles,' so wrapping her slight form in a cloak, borrowed from the good woman, she hurried forth upon the country road. Esme was Mr George Aubrey's sister, a fair, though not handsome, lass of nine* teen, beloved by all around for her loving disposition, her kind and winning manner. Born in the old manor house, she had been reared amongst the squire's tenants, and seemed like one of them selves, for she visited the sick and needy as well as taking part in the parish school, so she feared no harm as she bowed her head against the wind to set out upon her lonely walk. And if dark ness set in, the carriage, if not already sent, would be sure to meet her, so she walked rapidly, opening her umbrella to screen her from a few drops now falling. She had learned news in the village. Gossips are plentiful in every village, Devonshire in particular. Not that she cared to listen to snch, for the greater part was but wind,; but she had learnt that an Australian party were shortly expected to take up their quarters with old Dr. Lindsay, a particular friend of hers. Again, she carried in her pocket a letter, also bearing an Australian post mark, stating that her adopted brother George would be home shortly. Alto* gether, it promised to prove a very happy Xmas party, for the festive season was close at hand, so Esme, full of news, hurried towards the manor, where her silver-haired mamma sat impatiently awaiting her arrival, for, though often out alone, the good lady could not bear the thought, for a child of hers— a dear boy —had been stolen from home in his infancy, and this for no reason that she oould assign, for the late squire had been at peace with all men. To ease her affliction she adopted another child, a distant relative, and placed him in the position of the boy that was lost, and he bore the name of George — tbe name of her lost child. Yet she could not be grudge Esme the liberty she craved for. She was nineteen, so Miss Esme Aubrey had perfect freedom to do whatever, or go wherever, she^iisted. Hence it was very often she was down at the village, or scouriug the grounds of the manor. A red mist yet streamed through the distance, and the wind still shook the autumn trees under a cold grey sky, when she was a mile from home, in a park where the brown deer were running for what shelter they could find from the j wind. She could see the faint flicker of lighted windows from the manor, which stood on an eminence surrounded by skeletons of oaks and elms ; then she 1 quickened her pace to a sharp walk to ! Avoid the heavy rain, which the heavens I above portended, and to be home ere I darkness set in, when she heard the sharp patter of feet behind her. A hand was laid upon her shoulder and, a young gipsy breathlessly exclaimed — . ' Oh, Miss Aubrey, father's dying, and says he must see one o' the squire's family. Will you come? 1 was taking a ishort cut to the manor. Do come immediately/ She hesitated; the boy belonged to a gipsy tribe that had lately been ma kin? the neighborhood their rendezvous and was well known to the Squire's daughter by sight and repute. The tribe itself bore no good name, yet there was sincerity and grief in the boy's manner. 1 It is late, and a storm is brewing,' she said, ' but if your father is ill — ' ( ' He's dyin', Miss, and must see some o' your family to ease his mind. I or some o' the tribe can drive you home in the waggon.' He spoke pleadingly and tears were standing in his dark eyes, which he was wiping with a Uttered straw hat. * Yes, I will come/ she said, ' lead on and I will follow as quickly as I can.' The boy led the way for half a mile or so when the gleam of a fire vomiting sparks, together with the outline of a gipsy caravan, came into view, standing in a corner of the squire's grounds, near a hedge which in summer was crowned with blackberries and filberts, but now was devoid of bloom, like the dead leaves beneath. An old woman was standing at the entrance. ' Come inside, Miss/ she said, ( none o* us will harm a hair o' your head.' The tent was lighted by a candle struggling for mastery with the wind blowing strongly underneath, while the canvas was flapping and tearing at its supports, _ as if every moment it would break adrift and leave the dying inmate exposed to the forj of wind and rain. A group of ten or so dark visages, male and female, from the child of ten to 'the mature age of thirty, were gathered around, and the sobs of the little ones, together with the hard breathing of the elders showed that, rough and uncouth as they were, still they loved tile one who f&s; nigh death. On a hard mattress lay a swarthy gipsy, his hair and beard rere snow-white, his chert was bare, and he was gasping for breath, his hand lay stretched and motionless across a rough blue blanket, while the glased look that speaks of coming death was appearing in his eyes. f Has anyone come/ he gasped. * You know my secret,' turning to the oldest 'and Jinny knows it, but I must confess to the family with my own lips. Its the only atonement I can make ana it lays on my mind liU a millstone. God knows I've done many crimes, but none as black as that. I'm a true Romany, 1 and you're Romany lads and lasses. We've worked together a long time, and some o' you are my children, ana when I'm ?ohe will not disgraoe a Romany's name. roulsay she's here — oh, who?' raising himself on one arm; ' Who ? Moss Aubrey, the squire 'a daughter P Stand back awhile, children.' Efi' shrivelled hand beckoned to Esme Aubrey as the old woman ushered her in« 'Tell her she's in safe hands, Jinny. Oh God ! What a night, an' Tm dying/ She knelt by his side. Often had she seen death in the village, but her ne rve« qnailed as the old man, tightening his hold upon her hand, drew her close be* side. Taking off her cloak she flung it over his chest. ' You must be told/ she said. ' Cold. No, no, miss, I'm as hot as fire — burning, burning. Jinny— water.' The old woman moistened his lips and he revived. 'I've sent for you, young lady, to confess. The Almighty has- given me no peace since the crime was done, and I can't leave this world without you knowing it. I've done your family a wrong, miss ; perhaps yon know you had a brother, he'd now be a few years older than yourself. I stole him from the manor when he was a babby, a fine healthy boy. I done it to make money, ; partly as a grudge against the squire, who had me up for poaohin1 — and — and — then and — Jinny my head,' he mur mured feebly. The old woman placed her arm under his head, and supported him. The girl, now calm and colleoted, was straining her ears to catch his words, every moment beooming fainter. Out side the trees were rattling and groaning, while the rain was trickling through the canvas and falling in heavy drops upon the features of the dying man. Some of his tribe were kneeling around him, others were audibly sobbing, while one shielded the caudle from going out. ' Hold the caudle closer, Bill,' gasped the dying man. ' I can't see the lady's face, it's all in a mist. I stole your brother, Miss Aubrey, gave'—*- He must be alive now. Say forgive,' he murmured brokenly, firing his dull eyes upon her. ' Forgive, say/ 4 1 forgive you from my heart/ the girl replied, ' so will my family.' * Forgive/ repeated the gipsy, * an — afis ? ' His lips worked convulsively to frame another word, then his head fell back upon the old woman's arm. He was dead ; his spirit had fied amid the shrieking of an autumn gale, and fluttering of the dirgy canvas fabric that had been his home so long. Then across the hardened countenances of the elder men crept a softening of the hard lines, as one of them murmured that poor old Joe had gone, while the smaller children, shink. tng, drew close to the folds of their mother's dress, and sobbed as children will. Tbe gipsy woman he had called by the name ol Jinny, took the blue blanket and covered his form ; then the squire's daughter, wondering at the strange occur ence turned to depart. ' Don't go yet, miss/ said the old woman, 1 one o' the lads has -gone to the manor to let 'em know your'e here. Sit down.' Then the old woman seated her self by the dead man's side in silence, while Miss Aubrey speculated upon the news she had just learned. It told her that her brother was doubtless alive somewhere. For years they had given up hopes of seeing him, imagining he had been awept away in the running waters ol the river, or that he had been stoles and perhaps murdered. Now the man who had caused her parents such sorrow lay still before her. Ere he had finished his story the hand of Death had sealed his lips. And the old woman Jinny knew no more, as she had told her a few moments previously. Then the gleam of carriage-lamps illuminated the outside, and the coachman's voice was heard enquiring for Miss Aubrey. (To be continued,) 