OUR HOME LETTER. (from our own correspondent.) London, 8th April, 1892. JEWISH affairs in Russia look just about as gloomy as it is possible to imagine. The failure of the Gnnzburgs, although they themselves, and especially Baron Horace or " Hirsch," are acquitted of all improper conduct and indeed complimented in Russian banking circles and newspapers, for their honesty, has made the situation still more sombre. Their assets are locked up in securities difficult to realise and heavy losses are to be expected, which will not conduce to the popularity of Jewish Finance. By most people, generally supposed to. be. well informed, their smash is directly attributed to the Czar and recognised as another symptom of his undying relentlessness towards our race. A private letter from St. Petersburg has arrived this week from a Christian correspondent, high-placed and not given to exaggeration, in which the Jewish policy of the Government is described as one of extermination pure and simple. Meantime our Russo-Jewish Committee cannot be compli mented on its conduct, despite the fact that all reports of its meetings are " communicated," and therefore incomplete. The fact has oozed out that there is division in the camp, and that discussions have recently been lively enough to recall to at least two of its members the-violent polemics of St. Stephen's. One outward sign of the volcano's hidden fires has been manifested by the resignation of the honorary secretary, Mr. N. S. Joseph, which is announced to-day. That is an event which ,wiJ doubtless be compared by our ambitious young journalists to the sensational fall of Bismarck. And indeed " Nathan Joseph" has long passed under the soubriquet of the Chancellor of Blood aiid Iron among his colleagues 011 the Mansion House Committee. Mr. Joseph is an architect of more than mediocre talent. His designs may not be as- artistic as those of a Watcrhouse, but he is eminently practical. ' And his reputation in the city is very high indeed. He is esteemed as one of the best authorities on city property, and is continually being pressed into service as arbitrator or umpire in fat arbitration cases. He is therefore used to laying down the law, and has become perhaps overweeningly confident of the accuracy and almost divine right of his opinions. He is extremely clever ; not learned, but given to thinking, and thinking things out. Witness his very able little book 011 "Religion Natural and lievealed," which is bold without being heterodox, and deep without being dull, and intelligible without being stupid, and which, moreover, has recently had for an Anglo Jewish book of Theology the probably unique distinction of being translated into French. The natural bent of his mind inclines him to originality and—I say it with bated breath—to obstinacy. The result is that he has elaborated some very pro nounced views 011 communal matters. Thus, he has lately led an attack on the methods of our Board of Guardians, of which more anon. Again, he is credited with having played the part of unseen wire-puller at recent agitations for emasculating our ritual. Finally, ho has made up his mind to take up the cudgels against Palestine colonisation and its doughty champions, the " Chovevi Zion." The fact is, he is just a little conceited, he has tyrannised over his colleagues on various committees, has been at no pains to conceal his contempt for the stupidity of anybody who should prove such stupidity by venturing to differ from him, and has assumed to himself the privileges which were sometimes ultra vires. In all this he has acted like a single-hearted philanthropist, .and there is not the ghost of a shadow of an imputation to the contrary. He is immensely admired, much dreaded and a little disliked. And so the relations between him and his Russian co-trustees have grown strained, and he has resigned. He will be very sorely missed, for he has been indefatigable in his exertions, and has done more work, and faster, than any successor of whom we can think. He had for some time threatened to resign, but the last straw was a resolution arrived at on Tuesday evening at a meeting of the conjoint committee of the Russian Fund. The " Intelligence "Department," which is a sort of literary adjunct of the Russo-Jewish committee, is composed mainly of a Young England party, with ages varying from the less than twenty of Mr. Joseph's own son, the bright and promising Hon. Secretary, to a few years older. The Department has been entrusted with the investigation of Palestine colonisation in general, and the projects of the Chovevi Zion Society in par ticular. Mr. Elim d'Avigdor, the zealous president of the society, was the chief witness, but failed to convince the Department of the feasibility of all his views. And the Department, as he says with out sufficient grounds, has reported adversely, to these views. Their report, however, had the fullest approval of Mr. Joseph, and was, perhaps, largely inspired by him, for some of the neat and crisp sentences, occasionally almost brutal in their frankness, recall his style. Accordingly, Mr. Joseph ordered the report to be printed, and went so far as to communicate advance prints to the Press. All this without the previous sanction of his committee, though doubtless in the fullest expectation that they would endorse his action. This, however, is precisely what they did not do. Mr. d'Avigdor wrote them a powerful letter of protest, and this protest was energetically backed by Mr. Frederic Mocatta, and his own brother-in-law, Dr. Adler, and all the prints were recalled. And last Tuesday it was finally decided to abandon, at least for the present, all idea of publishing the hapless and indiscreet document. For the rest the committee is busily searching for places of refuge all over the world, but so far found good reason for rejecting almost every locality proposed as subject to serious drawbacks. Even from Argentina the latest reports are anything but encouragr ing, and Goldsmid will find one of the labours of Hercules waiting for him to do. Meantime the collection increases after the fashion of a snowball, recent accretions from Australia materially adding to its bulk. The Board of Guardians is still quivering under the attack of Mr. Joseph, who dealt it a series of hard blows on its annual speech day, which fell this year on Purim. The main gist of Mr. Joseph's argument was that the institution attempted too much, that its staff was too small, its means too inadequte, its centralisation a mistake, and its methods pauperising. His criticism was the harder to meet that it does contain a certain amount of truth. And everybody knows that the greater the truth, the greater the libel. But Mr. Lionel Alexander, the indefatigable hon. sec. of the Board of Guardians, albeit only a stockjobber, proved as eloquent an advocate of his charity as even his brother could have been, who has just " taken silk." If the public gives more money, the staff will be increased and the benefactions multiplied. And as to methods, sickly sentimentality may object to the right hand knowing what the left hand gives, but charity to be effective must be organised. The next storm ahead is the meeting of ministers which has been' convened by the Chief Rabbi to assist him in considering the, applications for modifications in the Ritual asked for by some of the Synagogues, notably the New West End and Central. Twenty-six gentlemen, all preachers, not Chaxanim, will constitute this newest of church congresses. The. extreme right will be represented by Dr. Lerner, the extreme left by Mr. Singer, the juste milieu by Dr. Friedlander. The moderates will doubtless have it all their own way. The voting will not bind Dr. Adler, but it will strengthen his hands, if it shows a conservative majority. But should the radicals be tempted by the siren, who leads or allures or attracts their party, it is not the less certain that Dr. Adler will not give in. His firmness during the anxious interregnum which pre ceded his election, and which at one time seemed to imperil it altogether, is the best guarantee we have that he will uphold the traditions of his fathers. And Mr. B. L. Cohen's reprimand at West Hampstead of Mr. Singer's coquetry with Reform, albeit out of place at a semi-religious function, was a striking manifesto of the aversion of a vice-president of the United Synagogue to further changes. Baroness Burdett-Coutts, who bears the burden of her years so very lightly, continues to play her active part in public life. My lady is president of the philanthropic section of the Columbian Exhibition, and has appealed to a proniinent member of our community for a " picturesque" account of what the Jewesses of London do for their poor sisters and brothers. London is, I think, the only city in the world where Jewish women play so prominent a part in all works of charity—the charity of deed as well as that of purse. In hospital, and home, in refuge and in club, in schools and in committees, they are unwearied. It will not be difficult to make the account of their work attractive as well as edifying, They are visitors and nurses and teachers and—preachers ! The new Catholic Archbishop of Westminster promises to be as friendly to the Jews a3 was his illustrious predecessor. Cardinal Manning had a veritable affection for our race. A few days before he died he showed a visitor that which he prized most among his possessions. It was the casket address presented him by our com munity on his jubilee. He met some Jewish children who live in the country near London a year or two back, and had them brought to him, and blessed them. He saw one of them a year later, recog nised her at once, and asked affectionately after her parents and sisters. Certainly the family was an attractive one, but his con descension was at least as striking as their beauty. Dr. Adler congratulated Dr. Vaughan on his appointment by the Pope, and the following is the reply :— " St. Bede's College, Manchester, "6th April, 1892. " Most Rev. Sir,—I am very grateful to you for the extremely kind letter of congratulation which you have sent me. " I believe you will never find me otherwise than friendly when ever possible. " Believe me to be, " Your faithful servant, " f Herbert, Archbishop Elect." The recent "Blood Accusation" at Port Said, in Egypt, shows how much we still need the help of every friend even for the preser vation of our lives. The same disgraceful calumny still lives in Crete. And German papers still are base enough to report the incidents in such a way as to suggest that it is not due to one of the most wicked lies ever fabricated by human—or, rather, inhuman— malevolence. In this respect the nineteenth century is hardly emancipated from the mnrky clouds of the Middle Ages. And the - gentleman, who, under the rather transparent initials of "E. N. A.," communicates to this week's Jewish Chronicle a translation of Heine's account of the awful Seder Night spent by the Rabbi of Bacharach is certainly up to date. There is a rather pitiable quarrel in the orthodox camp of Frank fort, typified by a controversial pamphlet, " Videant Consoles," which'has just appeared there. The pamphlet attacks Dr. Breuer for faulty German, for discouraging secular studies, and for trying to pose as more orthodox than his father-in-law and predecessor, the famous Rabbiner Dr. Hirsch. It is a pity that this should apparently be the work of a relative, who can " view no brother near the throne," but it is an open secret that the rival candidatures of Dr. Breuer and Dr. M. Hirsch led to a split in their own family, and accentuates the rightfulness of opposing modern modes of electing ministers. Dr. Gaster's quarrel with Professor Cheyne is an ever so much more agreeable subject. Both opponents fight fair, the battlefield is the " Academy," and the Portuguese Chief Rabbi is a doughty champion of the antiquity of Psalm ex. The engagements of Mr. Marcus Adler (en secondea noces) to Miss Kisch. of Mr. Joseph Leon to Miss Etta Defries (the Browningite), and of Mr. Benjamin, of " The Cape," to a daughter of Professor Marks, are still more pleasing items of intelligence. PELONI. 