hq .ortIaond luadianu, (50th Year of Publication.) With which is ncorporated ht Xortlanld AJlirror -0-- Published every Monday, Wednesday, an Friday Eveningt MONDAY, AUGUST 1, 1892. Naw PosT-OrFris.-The looal Post- c master, Mr. F. St.Leger, informs us that a s post office (sub to Portland) will be opened at Mt. Richmond on the 5th of August. a The post-office will be under the charge of Mr. W. J. Haskins, the head teacher of the Mt. Richmond State school. Mails will close at Portland for Mt. Richmond on Tuesdays and Friday at 9 a.m. TnU Ac',sr.GNaxrAL.-A writ has been issued by the solicitors of the liqui- i dators of the Real Estate Bank against Mr, James Munro, the agent.general, for the recovery of £37,515 due on calls made on 15,006 shares held by him in the insti. tution. The writ states that £1,875 15s is due as first instalment of the last as oll made by the company, £1,875 15s as the second instalment of the said ocll, and `£33,763 0l on the call of £2 5s recently made. ProToarAL PoaTL ,D,-The artist whose business it is to take the views for I insertion in the chromo.lithographie view of Portland that is shortly to be issued l in connection with this paper arrived in Portland on Thursday, somewhat earlier than he was expected, and was busy that day and Friday taking photographs of the business places that are to be comprised in the view. TzDnzas.-On Friday tenders were opened by the Mayor and Cr. Webb for contracts 37 and 38, clearing drains. The following tenders were received :-Con. trao t37.-Dunbar and Co.. Is per chain ; S. Beauglehole, .s1; Adams and White, 11ld; Cross and Cook, 10d (aooepted); 'Cannon and White, 13Wd. Contract 38. -Adams nqd Jones, 1id ; S. Beauglehole, 10d; Cross and Cook, 10d;. Cannon and White, Is; Dunbar and Co., 10d (ac. cepted). " BaoKEz HILL ITEMS,-As we pre. dicted, Mr. Bleath did not make a great splash at the meeting of shareholders in the Broken Hill Proprietary Company on Wednesday. He moved an amendment on the motion for the adoption of the re. port, but could find no seconder, and after he had presented his view of the case the other aide was put by Mr. Darling in a clear and forcible manner. Mr. Sleath happened, unfortunately for him. self, to refer to Mr. Purves as a loquacious gentteman, and brought that gentleman down on him. He reminded Mr. Sleath that be was not now standing on a wag. gon under the dummy effigy of a decent man. He was no longer accompanied by his squad of slobbering boys. Mr. 8lethb, the speaker said, regarding the delegate's stalwart proportions with a sardonie smile, did not seem to have sof. fored much from lead poisoning. The whiteness of his hands seemed to argue that he could not be a working man-in fact, he was one of those chevalier, of industry-thou knights of indoleace who lived upon the working man. The strikers are receiving substantial dons. tions from unions in other parts of the colonies. Mr. Bleath took the opportunity of addressing a meeting of the unemployed in Melbourne, and of course found no difficulty in getting resolutions condem natory of aspitalists carried unanimously Is Hamilton the impounding of cattle of the streets has oreated a great amount of indignation on the part of the owners thereof. THE TARIFF LNeoiEAES.--In order I that the public generally may fully under. ran stand the additions to the tariff proposed yes by the Treasurer in his Budget speech, it in t may be explained that the following are to scmoe of the principal increases :-Articles vase of apparel and metals and machinery, wa from 35 to 45 per cent.; furniture, from wOo 35 to 50 per cent.; baths, brackets, grates, ag hinges, spouting, stoves, and tin-ware, Sec also from 35 to 50 per cent.; arms and the ammunition, from the free list to 20 per agr cent.; boots (men's), from £2 5s to £3 be per dozen pairs; glass and carpetieg mit from 20 to 35 per cent.; lamps. lanterns, bel harness;.saddles, and leatberware, from no 25 to 45 per cent.; coir and jute mat- tig ting and metalware, 20 to 35 per cent.; pre potatoes, from 10s to £1 per ton; eta. sho tionery and books and silks, from 20 to one 35 per cent.; timber (Oregon Leams), from the free list to 2s Gd per 00ft. ; dic wiokerware, from 25 to 45 per cent, T; blankets and rugs, from 25 to 35 per the cent,; and woollen piece gobhs (vestings, coatings, flannels, tweeds, &c;),) from 30 1n to 45 per cent.; felt hats (children's, der boys', men's, and women's), from £1 to is £1 16s per dozen. rat . Nrisez o. A NonDDLa.-A meeting din of licensed victuallere was hold on Friday for the purpose of considering cot how the trade should act in view' of the the increased duties on spirits, wines, and. tl beer. The various speakers took the ma ground that the licensed viotuallers had wI been harshly treated by the Government, fol and that this could not have occurred had they been a united body. Some satis faction wa~;,however, derived from the an reflection that a certain quantity of liquor in would, under any circumastances, however St depressing, be consumed, and it was felt en that the consumer ought to be called upon in to pay a portion of the recently-imposed to duties. In this direction, says the Argus, st the meeting was unanimous. It was re therefore decided that Hennessy's and la Martell's brandies be sold by measure. U ment in liquor glasses only; that regis. a tered brands of whisky be treated in the no same way ; that all aerated waters when ar reqnired with a "nobbler" of spirits be E charged 3d. extra; and that the charge M for imported bottled ales and porter be fa Is 3d. per bottle when purchased for C consumption outside, and 2s. per bottle when consumed on the premises. These increased prices will come into operation de to.day. a Birrra FAcxoa.--The Warragul cor- he I respondent to the Argus says :-TLe half. wi yearly report of the directors of the in Warragul Butter Factory Company has be P just been issued, and reveals a very satis- to factory condition of affairs. The result s of the English shipments for the past 12 th months shows that the aeceipts on this Ie account amounted to £1,845 149 lid,, of and that there was every probability of d an increase next season. The chief diffi- a onulty that had had to be faced was the c diminution in the number of milk sup. w pliers during the winter, and the directors si point out that it was scarcely reasonable ti that those who reap so much benefit in b r the summer months should desert their b comrades in the cold weather. Alto. l 'n gether the half-year's transactions are o regarded as being of a very gratifying C character. o OrFrosa or OCuso3U. -A Gazett' -G notice states that the Governor.in-Coun- N t- cil has been pleased to dispense with the b a services of Mr. T. G. Henry astOfficer of :a SIGuostoms at Dairy, in consequence of that it t. stelation having been closed. t e BoARD or Anvic.--lhe Rev, W. 0. ir Wallace has been appointed a member of I. the Boa.d of Advice for the East Riding . t. of the Shire of Portland, f t LICESIE APPROVED,-Alice H, Pevitt, c garden, 2r, parich of Heywood. I I LEASES APPROVmD.-Francis H. B. I * Barclay, 66s 3r 36p, parish of Myamyn; P It John Hollis, 660a, parish of Heywood, r A HIT AT THE EAILWATs.-The Mayer, \- Mr. W. Ianolon, took occasion during Mr. Wheeler'a visit here to have a quiet drive at him concerning the "best I managed railways in the world." Mr. aHanlon told Mr. Wheeler that he left by train for Gabterton, but on the journey he discarded tbh train for a conveyance, and by this method of locomotion not only went t to Cuaterton but also to Coleraine, and r got back to Portland 10 hours sooner r than would have been possible had he d gone to Casterton only by train. The in Mayor suggested that under the circom. er stances the Minister might give him an at order for the return of the fare for that of part of the journey not negotiated by rail, d The request was only jocularly made, but if the incident causes the Minister to consider the disabilities under which re travellers between Portland and Casterton r suffer it will have served a good purpose. e Foa PovIATE SALE. - Mr. . W, Sherill, as exeoutor in the estate of the late Bamuel Hutchinson, notifies 38 te, Portland Gas Loan 6 per cent. debentures, i matuting in .the year 1907, for private 8 sale. The debentures will be sold in lots Sto suit purqhasers. c. A LAND BOARD will sit at Portland on the 10th August. TNDEBSz for the supply of firewood, re., to the several Government depart. it ments in Portland (except tailways and SState soboole' close to.day at 4 p.m. SMIeaISrT orF BAILWA's.--Mr. Wheeler, e. the Minister of Railways, took his de ar parture this morning by train for 1el. he bourne to resume his official duties, and ng we understand that he is muob benefitted Ir.by Lhis visit to this town. During his m. stay Mr. Wheeler ws favored with fine is weather, and we believe has made a partial a n promise that he will renew his acquain. tbI tance with Portland doriog the summer g. months. nt BUTTER FAcTooy.-Elsewhere the di. by rectors of the Cape Bridgewater and Pr. Portland Cheese and Butlfor Factory he invite tenders for the erection of a factory a building and a four.roomed weatherboard af house, and for sinking a well. Tenders are be returnable on the lbth inst. ue REDUOTIOn Iz SALA?nIEs,-This week Sin the House Sir Graham Boury will ask for leave to introduce a bill to reduce the ho salaries of Ministers, Members and officers of Parhament for the courrent financial year. A reduction of 7½ per :be cant. will be made on Ministerial salaries tY and 5 per cent. on those of members. no Tux LATI Ms. SsbrEL,-An inquest Swas held by Dr. Youl on Saturday i touching the death of the late Mr. S. SSamuel, Ml.L.A. The medical evidence e showed that death was caused by suffooa. at lon consequent on the inhalation of r51 chloroform, and the jury returned a ver dict to that eliect rLOUGHINo MATOC?E.-Som- e ew rangements are likely to be made this year with reference to ploughing matches in the district. The idea is again mooted to bold one big match under the super vision of representatives from Bridge water, Narrawong, Portland and Hey. wood; the place of the contest to be agreed upon later. The Bridgewater Secretary has been the first to move in the matter, and as Narrawong icisaid to be agreeable it is very likely the idea will be carried out. A meeting of the com. mittees of the :places mentioned wilt be held at an early late when the idea will no 'doubt be discussed in detail. The tightness of the money market just at present is one reason why one big match thould be held instead of the four small ones. A OLTiiVATED INoIAN.-lAmerican In. dians are beginning to 'assert themselves, The other day one of the leading chiefs of the Sioux sent a letter to Wash. ingtou arraigning the (Government for its treatment of his people, and demanding justice. The chief's name is "White Ghost," and the docuwrent rather startled the Commissioner of In dian Affairs by the vigorous, logical, and even elegant language in which it was couched. White Ghost had discovered that his Indians were being swindled by the local agents at the reservation, and he made such a trenchant ezpose of the whole affair that an inivestigation was to follow. NEw CHINESE CoLoNY,--Cbing Wan and Kong Foe, the former a wealthy China s inea of San Francisco, and the latter of St. Louis, Mo., have been holding aodi. ences for some time with President DisE in the city of Merico. Their object is I to secure a colonisation concession in the state of. Tamanlipas for the purpose of removing thither almost the entire pop. I lation of their countrymen now in the United States. They claim to represent. a society of Chinese in that country a numbering several thousand, all of whom a are pledged to leave on account of the a Exclusion Act, and seek new homes in e Mexico. The Mexican Government e favors and encourages the immigration of r Chinese. e A PezoLuta AssAULT AT OAeTtrTOs. e-The Spectator's Oasterton correspon dent wired on Friday :-This afternoon a somewhat extraordinary ooourrenoe happened to Miss Jane White, who Iesides with her mother and sitter about half-a. mile from the town on the Mount Gam. bier road. She went out from the house to the back yard, when suddenly a man 2 seized her by the throat in such a manner that she became quite helpless and speech. Is les for a time, The man having almost choked her, released her saying "I Sdon' suppose you can cry out now," \- and made of' into the bush. As 5 soon as she came to herself she I went back to the house and told her re sister, the only ccoupant of the house at le the time, what had happened. Her ° brother, who resides near at hand, was ir hailed, and as soon as he was informed \- of the occurrence, he came to the police e office and reported the affair. Senior. ig Constable Harris and some civilians at once scoured the neighborhood but were Snesuccessful in meeting with anyone. a- Miss White says the man was a.stranger, t hbut she was so frightened and the whole at :affair happened so suddenly that she thinks at it might be iiffioult for her to identify the offender. * LA'ND nREDIT FBAUDS.--G N, Taylor of and Charles Ernest Clarke, who were on ig Friday found guilty of conspiring to de. fraud the Land Credit Bank of £37,000, 1, came up for sentence before His Honor Mr. Justice Hood on Saturday. His B. Honor told Taylor that he had abused his position as manager of the bank in order to rob others who had placed confidence in him. The result of his'crime was tei. r, rible, because it broke down the confidence g that should subsist between man and man, at and brought about instead suspicion and st distrust. He told Clarke that he believed he was a victim of the gambling mania by which seized upon people. It gave him ad pezsonally the greatest pain to deal with Shis case, considering his age (80 years), but he must pass on him a heavy sentence, although making a marked or distinction between it and that to be he awarded to his partner in the frauds. be His;Honor then sentenced Taylor to m eight years imprisonment caumelative on an the sentence he is at :present undergoing, t and ordered that a fine of £5000 should ii, be levied on his property only; and e Clarke four years imprisonment with a Sfine of £500. on BA3D OF HoPE.-In pulsuanca of a se. similar plan pursued in England with the w, greatest success some time sines, an effort he will be made during the present week to 38 secure 10,000 recruits to the ranks of the B, Victorian Band of Hope Union. Visitors ate will leave pledge cards at every house in ots the city and suburbs of Melbourne, and after the lapse of a certain period will call and take them np again, so that the result may be arrived at. In addition the same plan will be pursued in most of ad, the centres of population in the provnces, rt- Portland amongst the number. rnd Pazrosuen.r MATouCEJ.--.For the pre. e mierahip on Saturday ELsendon heat SMelbourne by 5 to 1, Geelong beat Col. el lingwood by 13 goals to 3, Fitzroy best Sd t. gilds by 6 goals to 4, Garlton beat ed Williamstown by 3 goals to nil, Port hi Melbourne and Footecray made a draw. in iGeelong and Essendon are now equal, Lial and Fitzroy is very close up, in- A Daovs of camels were sold at Her aer gott recently for £2,270 8s 6d, the price for one being £71. di. TaE mineral asbestos fit for packing ad fruit, can be had in Adelaide at £8 per ary ton, while cork.dust, as packing mater. ary itl, costs £?6 per ton. ard are AN -aerican doctor says of the cigarette habit-" It brings confusion to s the brain and heart, and a train of ills ask from which it is hard to recover, even the thoughyou stop the habit. I will not od treat a man who persists in using the ot eiarette It results in insanity and t death." ted A Bro S?ALE..-- 1 our business columns to-day will be found the particulars of est the land to be offered for sale on Angost 18 by Mr. J. RIt. Woods in the estate of the late Mr. S.llntchinson. The list is oe quite a lengthy one, and there is every o reason to believe the majority of the land of will be disposed of. r- Tux Inspector ran in several wander ing horses this morning. As ADsURD DREGULATION.-In our last issue it was mentioned that the artist was in Portland in connection with the view of the town, &o.;, that is ahortlyto be issued, and on Friday he paid a visit to the Lighthouse on the North Bluff for the pu:pose of taking the picture of the town, the general opinion being that the most comprehensive view could be obtained f'om that attitude. On arrival at the Lighthouse, however, he found that he would not be allowed to take a view from the tower. During the lRuesian war sears it would appear an order was issued forbidding views being taken from light houses, audit has been in force as a hard and fast rule ever since. The order in the first instance was intended to app'y, or rather could only with any reason be applicable, to Queenscliff, but is was made general, and stands as we have said to this day. Possibly had there eeon time to apply the Commissioner of Cue. tome woeald have allowed the suspension of the order in this instance, but unfortu. nately arrangements would not permit of this being done. Surely some discretion might have been given to lightkespers in the matter, to be exercised in the case'of persons whom they are well acquainted with, and who are free from the faintest snuspoion of being Ruslian or any other kind of spies. As far as our defence works are concerned they might be photo. graphed without let or hindrarce or the necessity of going up the lighthouse tower. To return to the artist, he had to make the best of a ban matter, and with the sin of a temporary scaffolding man aged to get some. feet from the ground, and despite the fact that he could not get as high an elevation as was desirable he expresses the opinion that the picture will be a very good one. It was taken in sections, and will embrace the town nearly as far, back as the railway station besides a good lump of the bay on the other hand, LECTruaB,.= very interesting enter. tsinment is promised at the Wealsyan Church to-morrow evening. The Rev. B. Butchers, B.A., is announced to deliver a lecture on the " Imagination," and as the gentleman mentioned when he does speak in publin has always something to say that is worth hearing, those of our readers who wish to enjoy an intellectual treat should not fail to be present to. morrow night. The lecture is to be il. lustrated with vocal selections and reci tations by Miss Jarrett, Measers, W. 0. Ussher, W, Phillips, and 0, French. UsLAwrIU AsssULT.-lt will be re membered that a week or two ago a young man named David Marshall was brought up at the local police court and remanded to Hamilton on two charges of assaulting persons in a railway carriage between Hamilton and Branxholme. The accused pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six week's imprisonment on tie first charge and fourteen day's on the other, sen. tences to be cumulative. Constable Knox said he had known the accused for 11 years and he hai always borne an excel lent character, SLEEPING CARS.-The new sleeping car, which it will be remembered the late Mr. S. Samuel, M.L.A., secured a promise should be placed on this line, has arrived. The car will only run between Portland and Ararat, it being probably considered that beyond that people do not require any sleep. The car is very comfortable, being divided into first and second class compartments, provided with lavatories and other conveniences. The price, however, will probably be considered rather stiff. For a berth from Ararat to Portland or any intermediate station, or vice versa, the fare for a berth is 6s., or the same price that was charged for the through journey by the magnificent cars Enterprise and Perseverance. The car will at the same time be much appreciated by those travelling in the ordinary way, for it is much more comfortable than the average run of carriages. MONUMENTS &c.-Elsewhere; Mr. F. Watkins, of Stowell, anno-nces that he is prepared to supply monuments and tombstones in marble, granite and free stone, under Melbourne prices, Persons wishing to inspect designs may do es by applying to Messrs. Jones Bros., Percy street, Mr, Watkins refers the publio to some of his work already erected in the Portland cemeteries. Be has recently put up memorial stones to Mr. Lindsay Clarke and Mrs. Guilfoyle respectively. The former is a ledger tomb of marble, resting on a bluestonekerbing, and is the first of its design in the local cemeteries. The atone erected to the memory of Mrs. Guilfoyle is a half.monument of gray granite, and is also, we are informed, of adesign hitherto not seen here. Mr. Watkins has been established 32 years in Staeell. RczrIVD.-The current number of the Illuetrated Australian News is to hand. It contains some very interesting an gravings, including an uncuasnally large number of portraits of living or'recently deceased oelebrities. Amongst these are the candidates for the United States P'residency ; Baron Hirsob, well known for his vast wealth and his philanthropio efforts on behalf of the Russian Jews; the late Mr. T. A'Beckett ; the Earl and Countess of lontingdon; the Princesses Victoria, Marie and Alexnudza, of Edin burgh; the late Mr, Phillip Russell; the late Mr. Francis Hliare, P.M. There are also pictures of the works in connection with the Melbourne sewerage scheme. views in ieudigo, the Mount Bischolt Tin Mines, ho., making up a very in teroesting number. We have also received ohemia in an altered form, and cannot say that we admire the change very much, although no doubt it is made to suit the times. The price is reduced to two. pence, and that is of course another con sideration. The reading matter appears to be interesting and spirited as usual, but there is not so much of it. TarHE commander of the United States troops told off to quell the disturbances at the Carnegie mines, ordered one of his soldiers, who had been aocused of cheer ing the assailant of Carnegie's manager, to be suspended by the thumbs for half an hour and then drummed out of the regiment. A?s extraordinary accident occurred at Narandero to a Mrs. Miller, the wife of a selector. A restive horse attached to a cart bolteJ, and in attempting to grasp one of the traces her wedding ring caught in the chain, and she was dragged for some distance until the ring was torn off her finger, which had afterwards to be amtputated, Suixr DTorzs.-A misapprehension exists, says the Argus, as to when tire new stamp duties and the twopenny postage proposed by the Treasurer are to come Into force. The increases will not apply until some future date to be fixed by Par lismeut. Only the duties of (ustoms aad excise are being collected so far. I)UNDnA ELEoTION.--The death of AMr. S. Senaeue, M,L.A., will of course render another election for Dundas necessary. The Spectator says that it is likely Messrs. Thomson and Skene will be in the field. Mr. Reay will not come forward, and though Mr. Anderson's name is mentioned it is suggested that he shorrld not defi. nitely make up his mind until it is seen what are the intentions of the other representatives of the Constitutional party, otherwise another such complication will occur as prevailed at the last general election. The Tribune says that Mr. Reay will came forward if arrangements permit, and tha name of Mr. J. S. Ander son. of Sandford, is also mentioned. PAnceLs were lying at the Pier Sta. lion this morning for Miss Stahle, Lin Wing, Jno. Hanlon, Mrs. H. Kittson, T. F. Williams, J Cnuch, Ven. Archdeacon Allnutt, Miss. E. Redfero, T. Huxley, Ilenty, Goldsmith and Davis. A WirE deposited £30 in the Leigh Savings Bank, unknown to her husband and in her own name. Husband and wife parted, and on the former hearing of the deposit he claimed it, his wile having had no money when he married her. The Saving bar.k directors ap pealed to the oonnty Court, and the,judge arid the money belonged to the husband, as the wife had made it by keeping lodgers. 