TELEPHONE TALKS. Quiz—" I am ringing you up early, Miss Mac, because next week we are to have holidays, and I must take time by the forelock this (Saturday) morning. I have one or two rounds to make, and then—no, I am not going to take a holiday. What is that you are saying about Tasmania ? That has nothing to do with the subject. We were talking about the price of rain at Broken Hill. Very well; ring up Stanley Evans. You will find him in Way mouth Street. Hulloa, Stanley! What cheer, my hearty? On, Stanley, on." "Who is that calling! It must be a Nor wood barracker. The football season hasn't commenced yet, my son." " I'm not a football barracker, Stanley, though I do sometimes make an ass of myself on the Adelaide Oval like a great many other enthusiastic idiots. I'm Quiz." "Oh, and what can I do for Mr. Quiz ? Always ready to oblige the Press." " I know that, Stanley, and I am going to congratulate you on your very excellent report to the Football Association. I had no idea that you were such a literary man. Why, some of your sentences were quite refreshing—not at all the sort of thing one expects to read in a foot ball report. That talk about epicurean professionals and rooms heavy with aromatic odors was absolutely pic turesque. Come, I can hear you blushing." "No. I was only cough ing. "Something got stuck in my throat. But I am grateful to you for your kind remarks, though I much fear you are only chaffing me." " Nothing of the kind. I read your very sensible observations with the greatest possible interest. Touting for players is an evil which I have more than once referred to in my short though I trust not unmeri torious career. I am glad the system is to be abolished, as otherwise there would always be one or two lamentably weak clubs in the Asso ciation, and the public would lessen their patronage." " Thanks. Happy to have such powerful support." " So far as betting is concerned it is time it was put down with a firm hand. I agree with you that men will gamble, do what you will to pre vent it, but we can make limitations. We can at all events stop open gambling on the Oval. We can put a clapper on the tongues of low fourth-rate bookmakers, who receive when they win and who are often absent when they should pay. If necessary we can exclude this scum from the pavilions, where the betting business is usually transacted." " Bravo! Those are my sentiments to a nicety. Only show us how to act, and we will be quick to take the initiative. I love those low class bookies just as much as you do." > ^<Last year the odds were openly eritd in front of the pavilion, and no j one interfered. Where were the police? It is true that some move ment for the suppression of the evil was made at last, but action should have been taken earlier. If a game of football is to depend upon the amount of money wagered the sooner the public cease to support football the better it will be. I don't say that any man could be bribed to play 4 stiff/ but we have had instances of games which, to say the least of them, were remarkable. It is unwise to excite suspicion in the public mind. I am a great supporter of many sports, and I would like to see our young men contend for a parsley wreath, just as the lads of Athens used to do. Introduce the element of money into any sport in which men are engaged and the sport is more or less doomed." 44 Eloquent and true as ever, Quiz. Go right ahead. I am not tired of listening, because your views are so much in accord with my own. Drive right on, and let the footballers of Adelaide hear you." "I have finished my little homily for the present. I may have to return to the subject later in the season. And now tell me who are likely to be the premiers this year ?" 44 Ah, now you are asking me a conundrum that wiser men than myself would be unable to unriddle." " Well, good-bye, Stanley. I shall have to distinguish between Stanley, the explorer, and yourself by calling you Stanley, the litterateur." 44 Good bye, Quiz. I must return to my brief." " And now I want another Evans— Kirkham of that ilk. He of the goose, the tailor's goose. I don't mind giving him a free advertisement in this way because I feel in a generous mood. Hi! Evans. How is business ?" " From fair to middling. Times are a bit tight, but " " I was not talking about ordinary business, but rather of the trade in ghosts. I observe that you are about to blossom forth as an author. Do you remember the old saying, Ne sutor ultra crepidam ? That is about the only Latin I know, and I like to take it out and give it an airing occa sionally." " I don't think the saying applies to my case at all. My book will only treat of things with which I am acquainted. I am going to expose spiritualism." "So I notice. And methinks you have entered on a pretty extensive contract. I am by no means a believer in spiritualism, but I agree with Hamlet that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy. Are you going to give details of that (In the rafters' incident, when you and your friends played it exceedingly low down on that creduluous old man and fine musician, Christian Heimers ? Some people are of opinion that that was by no means a creditable affair for christian young men to be engaged in." "When you are trying to kill a venomous snake you are not particular about the means you apply 3 the great object is to kill it." "Well, for my part I can't see what particular harm the spiritualists are doing or why they should be inter fered witH. Spiritualism is by no means the only form of superstition extant. I could give you numbers of instances if I so chose. What does it matter if a person believes that by sitting at a table in a reverential attitude he can invoke the presence of his deceased great-grandfather or his maiden aunt ? If it comforts him let him hug his belief and his maiden aunt to his bosom. It may be the only joy he has on earth; don't take it away from him." " Yes, but it may be a temptation of the devil." " A temptation of fiddlesticks. Do you know, my dear Evans, that when once a person- has got spiritualism badly it is impossible to persuade him that he is the victim of an hallucina tion. You might perform all the tricks; you might suddenly fall from the rafters on to the operating table, and begin to work upon a pair of immaterial trousers; you might materialize a Beaufort coat in the full glare of a gaslight, and you would never shake the opinions of a spiri tualist. Why don't you follow the good example of J. G. Rowell ? He never bothers about ghosts. He never cares whether a customer is a Mahatma or a spook of another kind so long as he pays up and looks pleasant." " You are, as usual, treating a grave subject in a spirit of levity." " A grave subject! I should call it a beyond-thegrave subject. Excuse my little joke. I could not help firing it off at you because you always look so preternaturally solemn. What an excellent mute you would make if you only could be mute. Do Byron's lines ever occur to you—4 'Tis pleasant sure to see oneself in print, a book's a book though there be nothing in't V Judging by the pars in the dailies there is going to be a great deal in your book." 44 Can I put your name down for a few copies V 44 No, thank you. I shall be happy to review the work when it is published, and I promise to read carefully every line it contains, a feat which few reviewers perform nowadays. I see that you are going to give instruction in mesmerism and hypnotism. Now, don't you think you are placing a power in unscrupulous hands, which may lead to results the reverse of beneficial 1 Still, if you are a hypnotist I wish you would look round at this office for a minute or two, and send the printer's devil off to sleep. You are used to combats with devils, are you not ? This particular imp is persistent in his demands for 4 copy,' though how he imagines I am going to churn out 4 copy' while I am engaged in so interesting a conversation with you I am at a loss to comprehend." 44 If you are so busy the rest of oui conversation may go by default. It will keep." 44 Thank you very much, Kirkham. That sentiment is charitable and worthy of your great heart. Couldn't you send me a theosophic message or project your astral form into Quiz office? It seems to me that there is nothing you are unable to do, accord ing to your own showing. I suppose you will have the sign 4 Author, painted up outside your establishment now. Come, don't be angry.. You at at all events are not like the man of whom it is said that from selling books he did not write he took to writing books he could not sell. I have a title for a new work for you. It is *■ From Snip to Spirits,' by * The Goose.' How does that strike you for an attractive head line ? Hulloa! There is a spirit message coming along the wires. I can hear the tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, of the little spirit bell, and it makes my blood to curdle for it seems to come from——-Gawler Place. Oh, hang it all; it is only Kirkham ringing off in a hurry and a temper." " Now for the Cyclorama. Good morning, Mr. Lockley. Will you have a voice lozenge?' "No, thanks. Is that you, Quiz ?' What can I do for you." "I only rang you up to enquire whether Jerusalem was still in Hindley Street ? Much obliged. And how is business ¥' " Good, indeed. We could go on with the present Cyclorama for another year only we think it advisable to give the public a change. It will be rather a considerable step from Jerusalem to Waterloo, will it not V " It will. I have seen Waterloo in Melbourne, and I have no doubt that with the able lecture you will deliver the picture of carnage will prove a great draw. Still, I shall miss Jerusalem, • and I am advising all my friends to go to take a last peep at it." " Thank you for your recommendation. I expect we shall do great business during the holidays. Yom see the subject is so appropriate to Easter, and then we have appropriate music, too." " Yes. I understand that you have Master Gardner in your orchestra. That young gentleman, I hope, will soon be leaving you to study in the metropolis of the world. By-the-bye, did I ever tell you that at the Launceston Cyclorama the music is provided by one man, that man being Mr. W. S. Harvey, a son of Mr. John Harvey, of Salisbury. Harvey plays some half-dozen in struments at once, so that he is an economical sort of person to have about the house." "I should think so—a kind of multum in parvo" " Well, I hope your Cyclorama will soon be paying dividends. It is a great thing to possess a beautiful picture, but the shareholders value divvies more than mere beauty in art, you mark my words for it. Especially is this the case when there is a prospect of the big mine at Broken Hill stopping its convenient monthly remittances. Good-bye, Loekley. I must come down and weep over Jerusalem before you send it away." "Come as often as you like, and welcome. I will endeavor to be more than usually eloquent in your presence." 