FOUND GUILTY, on Ralph Chandos' Fate, A Stirring Tale of the Early Days of Botany Bay. FOUNDED ON AOaT, OHAPTER II, A WITNEss. The night fell in strange, pale gloom upon Strathmore Park, The snow fell silently and steadily in a white sheet, driving into corners and against palings, and covering the earth with a ghostly shroud, Directly after dinner Ralph Obandos mounted his horse and rode over to Pelham World to see his betrothed and to exchange with her vows of eternal fidelity. The interview between the lovers had been aotshort by Mr Pelbam, who, well as he liked the young man, considered him, with his present prospeets, not altogether an eligible suitor for the beautiful young heiress. The banker proposed an abso lute dissolution of the engagement exist ing between the young pair, on the ground that Lord Strathmore might live 20 years yet, and that he, Mr Pelham, would not give his daughter to any man who must live upon her money. Miss Pelha.n retired to her room, pro mnising to wait for her lover a lifetime, if need be, and he, setting his lips together in a stern self-repression, departed, galloping his horse back to the Park. Those who saw him enter the great hall of his ancestral home on his return, his coat white with snow, his young face pallid, despairing, desperate, his steel blue eyes burning like coals, shook their heads gravely, and wondered what had happened to their beloved young master. He dashed up the stairs like a whirl wind, passing Norman Brabuson on one of the broad landings without speaking, and rushed into his own chamber, slam mipg the door behind him, Brabazon smiled evilly, and continued his descent. A few paces below he came upon Morse, one of the footmen, who was staring in the direction in which young Ohandos had vanished, surprise depleted upon his every feature. Brabauon shrugged his shoulders. " There's some trouble afloat," he re marked, smoothly. "Mr Ralph is in a perfect gale of temper. He looked as if he were bent on some dpsperate deed." " He do indeed, sir," replied Morse. " Inever saw the young master look like that before. He is in some trouble sure." Brabszon passed on, and Morse gossiped with his fellows, all of whom by this time were well aware that " Mr Ralph" was to leave Strathmore in the morning, that he had fallen into some disgrace with his uncle, and that his marriage with Miss Pelham had been breken off. A word or two from Brabazon at an earlier hour of the evening had caused a dissemination of a knowledge of the true state of affairs between Lord Strathmore and his heir. As Raelth Chandos, who was as brave 'at a lion a d generous as thesono, was a B~ '._isl9n the hrousehold, a general sympatu prevailed on his behalf. iBrabasza $pont the evening with the baron fo tle library. At 10 o'clock he gave hisdrm so his ,lordship and helped I him upstairs to his own apartment, ex hibiting solicitude that imposed upon the servats and upon its object. He helped h's uncle, into his bedroom, a great lofty room furnished with the utmost hunry, and ensconced him in an armchair before the bright hearth. Lord Strathmore's valet was in wait ing, and Brabason did not linger. He made, however, a brief allusion to Chandos, and the baron replied to it by cursing his younger nephew, and swear ing a great oath that Chandos should be cast forth in the morning, and if his allowanco did not content him he should ear his own living. The valetpricked up his ears at this, and Brabazon muttered something about' the young man being in a desperate mood, and then withdrew. Lord Strathmore was undressed and put to bed. During the process be ventilated his grief to his attendant, and indulged in invectives against " that murderons young dog," declaring that he should not feel safe till he was out of the house. At eleven o'olock, the baron was asleep, and the valet, his duties for the night ever, departed to his own quarters in a distant portion of the mansion. The great stable clook had struck the hour of one. The snow was still falling softly, ceaselessly, and in a white pall. The pale gloom outside was full of chill and desolation. Within the splendid mansion the lights were nearly all ex tingunshed. The hush and gloom were oppressive, Soon after the' snllen olanging of the clock, with its single booming stroke, Norman Brabazon crept from his room, A light burned dimly in the lower hall, and in its feeble emanation one might have seea how ghastly pale he was. His small black eyes gleamed with a mur derous light. His lips were set together in a tense, hard line. He was nerved to an appalling deed, and looked like in caruate murder. H1 crept through the dimnesa and stillness of the long hall with the stealthiness of a cat. He had removed his shoes, and his feet were muffled in thick stockings. His garments were blank, lie paused at the door of Lord Chandos'5 room and listened. The sound olregular breathing came to his ears, lis opened the door softly and looked ii. The young man was in bed and asal, . His portmantoen stood near the Sour, packed for hlia departure in the morning, as could be seen by the pale glow of the tirelight. Brabaon's features quivered wvitlh demoniac exultation and hatred. He crept narer the bed and glowered upon his yonag rival. Ilow noblo and hand some s COhandos even in sleep ! Brabasca shook his fist at hIim in a deadly, silent fury, and crept away as ho had coao, with a cat-litre teualth. Againin the great, dim, upper haIll. he mored onward like a shadow to Lord Strathmare's room. Ho paused at its door and peered aroand him, No one was visible anywhere in the gloom. He opened the door of his uncle's chnarubes P and crept within, The sea-coal fire was still burning, and its glow made yisible the varioun articles of furniture, including the bed, Brabazon's keen eye swept the chamber, , Keen as it was, it failed .to note the quiver of the platoeglass window forming the door of an armoire or wardrobe in a reeess near at hand. The valet was gone. All was safe. He stole to the bedside. The old lord was sleeping. A ray of firelight rendered plainly visible his shape, high features, grey hair, his bared and skinny throat. It was a noble face that of the Baron of Strathmore, but even in his sleep one could tiace upon his visage signs of the ruling passions of his life-parsimony, selfishness, and cruelty. The Lord of Strathmore had always disliked Ohandos, principally because Chandos must inherit the title and estates of Strathmore after him. The young man was generous, and he esteemed generosity a heinous fault. The young man was loved by household and tenantry, and he knew himself dis liked, and this embittered him. There was a dozen reasons equally unreason able why he hated his younger nephew; but Brabazon was a man after his own heart, and as much as his warped and selfish soul could love any one, he loved Norman Brabazon. It had always been a matter of regret to him that Brabazon could not have come next in succession. His elder nephew had many of his faults, and these he esteemed virtues. le had always been kind to Brabazon, had given him an annual allowance of money double that assigned his heir apparent, had pushed his fortunes with seal, and had assisted him to become what he now was, a brilliant if un scrupulous politician, and a candidate for a most important foreign appoint ment. One would have thought that Brabazon could not in cold blood destroy a life which had so benefitted him-that be could not have stilled for ever a heart that had cherished for him an actual, even if narrow, affection. But the tiger creeping on its prey from the shelter of the jungle might have had more compunction of conscience than 'Norman Brabazon. The deadly nobra, with its glittering eye fixed upon a coveted morsel, might sooner have felt itself relenting in its purpose than this human serpent I Re bent over his sleeping relative, and every plausible feature of his swarthy face stirened and hardened into the semblance of a mast. The baron moved uneasily in his sleep under that basilisk gaze. The intruder waited in the shelter of the bed-drapery, patient as a red Indian, until his loud breathing was resumed, Then Brabazon drew from within his coat a dirk knife, a possession of Ralph Chandos, which had been given the latter by a chum at Oxford, and which he had preserved in his writing desk as a memorial. The knife flashed in the firelight as he upraised it. Again the plate-glass mirror forming the door of the armoir quivered, and a pair of eyes stared out upon the strange seene, Thoer was a moment's pause on the part of Brabazon, a last look at the hard features of his kinsman, a brief study of the baron's figure, and then the deadly knife flashed in the air, and was driven swiftly home to the very hilt into Lord Strathmore's heart. Not a sigh, not a quiver disturbed the baron's frame. As Brabanon drew forth the knife, the life-blood welled up in a great jet, staining his guilty hand end the sleeve of his shirt-a garment he had taken from the wardrobe of Ohandos at an earlier period of the evening. Lord Strathmore was dead, yet his murderer stabbed him again and again to make assurance doubly sure. And the eyes of the unseen witness lost not one movement of the murderer. "H e's dead," muttered Brabazon at last, with a long breath, upraising his head and listening. "Not an outory l Not a sound I Everyone is asleep i" Hiding the blood-reeking weapon in the folds of his shirt, he crept across the floor, opened the door, listened, and stole into the hall. He paused at the very threshold of Lord Strathmore's room, his blood seeming to turn into ice in his veins. For, coming up the stair without a light, but plainly recognisable in the dimness by reason of his ample pr~por tions, was Miller, the butler. He paused on the topmost stair, see ing Brahazon at Lord Strathmore's door. The villain remained for an instant, stupefied then his ready wit came to his aid, He glided along the hall with out a word, opened the door of Ohandos's apartment, passed within, and shot the bolt into the look. The ruse served its purpose. " So it was Mr Ralph i" muttered the butler. " What was he doing at this hour in my lord's chamber? He adted strange, too, as if something was wrong 'I" He hesitated, not knowing whether it might not be his duty to look into the baron's room, but a remembrance of his lordesip's temper, and a reflection that Mr Ralph might have visited his uncle with a view to reconciliation and re mained late, decided him to mind his own business, which he did, going to his own quarters, Meanwhile Brabaoon puoceeded to weave still closer the deadly net of evi dence about his younger cousin-the net of which he 'intended should drag him to his doom i The fire was low in the grate. Ohandos was fast asleep, his sorrows forgotten in the profound slumber that cornes to the young and healthy. The intruier's movements were noiseless, Traking the reeking dagger front its concealmont on his person, he thrust it up the warm chbinOy into a crovice between two bricks, its handle alone protruding, and that quite out of reach of even kcen search. 'Tlern he removed his blood-stained shirt and laid it or. the fire. It flamed up in a quickc blzec, WYatching it closely, with a dexterous movement he extracted fromt the flames one blood-stained cu, dropping it into the ashea under the grate. Then he glided into the dressing - room and washed his hands in a basin of water upon the toilet-table, smiling with a demoniao triumph as he did so. He had been so noiseless that the sleeper had not stirred. His evil work was done. All that remained was to got to his own room unseen. He unlooked the door and peered into the hall. The butler had vanished. Brabazon stole along the hall, gained his own door, and entered his apartment, His first care was to light the candle he had extinguished and to examine his remaining garment and his person. Not a drop ef blood was visible upon him. Not a sign or token of his awful crime was anywhere to be seeu. His lips writhed into a wicked and exultant smile, and he dropped into an easy chair before his bright hearth, and rubbed his guilty hands together in the warm blaze. He had achieved his guilty snuccess. All that he had longed for and striven to attain was almost in his grasp. He suddenly remembered that he had forgotten to look his door and to ex tinguish his lights. He arose, blew out the andles and advanoed towards the door. At the same moment it opened, softly and noiselessly, and a man crept into his presence. Brabazon stared at him as if he had been a gorgon, and looked as if turned to stone. The villian's sickly pallor, his starting eyes, his wild visage, attested his horror and terror. The man was no servant of the house. Brabaion reeled back against a table as he recognised him. He was Thomas Crowl, the son of the former pedagogue of the village, a man naturally shrewd and keen-witted, who had received an ordinary education, but who had in his boyhood thrown off the shackles of parental control, and indulged in dissi pation and idleness. For the last year or two Growl had been in London living by his wits, but had recently returned home upon a visit to his aged father. He had a bold, bad, reckless face, but no one had ever suspected him of readi ness to commit a crime. What had brought him here within the walls of Strathmore mansion at this hour ? Brabazon tried to ask the question, but his stiff lips refused to articulate, Thomas Growl sidled up to him, and laid one hand upon his arm. "I saw it all !" he hissed. Brabazon put his hand to his heart and dropped into the nearest chair. "I was hid in the old man's ward robe," said Growl. "I was a witness of the murder !" Brabaron sprang up as if electrified, and made for the bell-rope, with a wild idea of denouncing his visitor as the murderer, thus sacrificing his nefarious schemes, but protecting himself. Again Crowl laid a fierce grip upon him, reading his purl~se. "Hold I" he whispehd, hotly, " Two can play at that game.. Don't be too fast. I can ho bought i"' Brabazon faced about, bLinning to recover from his awful terror. " What were you doing in theward. robe 1" he asked, huskily. "I don't mind telling you, sine you won't be likely to betray me," returneod Orowl. "I was hard up, and I'm thinking of marrying. I know vhat everybody knows. Lord 8trathmore is miserly and keeps money in the house. I crept in at dusk and found my way to his room and hid there for hours, think ing I'd creep out in the dead of night and rob his safe, that everybody knows he keeps in his bedroom. I was hid there all the evening. After my lord went to sleep he seemed restless for a while and I kept mum. When he had fallen into a sound sleep I orept oat and began an examination of his room and effects. I was at that when I thought I heard a sound in the hall. I had only time to slip into the wardrobe when you came in." "So you were there for purposes of robbery ?" said Brabazon, with a sneer. "And you were there for murder I" replied Growl, coolly. "I left my pur pose unaccomplished, fearing any plun- I der I might get would hang me. You must make up my loss. I can't see all your little game, Mr Brabazon, but you I expect to make money out of this night's work, and you shall share it with me!" " I will-I will I' That's enough, You won't break I your promise, I'll go bail.. I'll remind you of it later. As you are to be my banker hereafter, you may give me < twenty pounds to.nighb." Brabanzon procured his pooket-book and counted out the amount named, his I hands shaking as he did so. S"Give me the pooket-book and all. We won't stick at trifles, I'll get oat i the same way as I came in." said Growl, pocketing the money, "and not leave a I trace of my presence, you may be sure. I You'd better get to bed, my friend, if you intend to show up natural in the I morning !" He did not linger for further con. versation, having a propor regard for 4 his own safety. He slipped from the 1 room, traversed the great hall like al ghost, and entered a guest-chamber which opened upon a balcony. ie let himself out upon this balcony, closed 4 his way of ogress, and !clambered to the ground by means of the great ivy that nearly covered that side of the build ing. He stood in the midst of the thickly- I falling snow, breathless, when a hand was laid suddenly upon his arm, and a 4 figure was outlined close beside liimin 1 the pale gloom, A woman's low, mocking laugh re stored him to his senses. " Is it you, Meg ?" he asked, agrily. "It is I. Thomas Crowl," was the answer.. "I saw you enter this house like a thief hours ago, and I've been watching for you ever since You look scared. Tom. just as if you had been1 committing murder ! You've bheen up to some mischief, that I know !" "'Stl" whispored Growl. " Come away, Meg." He seized her arm and hurried her away into the whirling mist of snow that blotted out their tracks oven as they went. In his lonely, luxurious chamber of the grand old mansion, the muastor of Strathmore Park lry stark and ghastly, his pinched face uIpturned to the pale firolight, his heart stilled forever ! Out into the eld, white night his soul had flo.at the wicked will of a murderer, Sbutii. body lay here, a silent horror, r rigitxd white as the falling snow. Ihkis own bed, asleep in the pro found, umber of youth and health, was RalplDhandos, in blest unconscious ness the awful fate lowering darkly above i. Ana his apartment, in his bed also, Normni Brabazon lay broad awake, meditalig upon the peculiar contretemps that hI nArred the full perfection of his plhL, yet exulting in the net he had so skilfully wotcn. S" It isall righlI he muttered. "Orowl would neUr dare betray his presence in this house to-night, and so disgrace his father and stamp himself aa a common burglar anl robber. He would not dare, for I woull fix the crime on him. But money has bought him, body and soul I Sleep, Rriph Ohandos! For this is your last pight of peace and hope on earth! To-morrow will see you in a felon's cell, abandoned by all whom you have call friends, stripped of position, honor, lon And I-- shall be Baron Strathmoti !" 6HAPTER III. STHE AIRRIlT. When morning dawned upon Strath more Park, the pale grey beams of light fell upon a strange white world. The terraces and gardens, the parks, and the wide avenues were covered with a shroud of glittering purity, from the midst of which rose the stately palace of Strathmore, with all its grandeur and magnificence, covering the horror of that upper chamber. The snow had ceased falling. The sun shone with sickly yellow beams. The park laborers and gardeners fell to work at clearing away the parks and porches, an unwonted labor, for so heavy a fall of snow had not been known in Sussex in twenty years. The servants were astir at an early hour, for the Lord of Strathmore, like most elderly' people, had been an early riser, and he was a martinet in house hold discipline. The kitchens were alive with bustle, when Dean, Lord StratL more's valet made his appearance. He was an honest follow, of middle ago, who had been reared upon the estate, and who was dqvoted to the family into rests. It was his earliest morning duty to procure a can of hot water to temper his master's invariable bath, and he pro ceeded to fulfil that duty now. He stopped to joke a moment with one of the maids, and then with the can of hot water hastened upstairs. He opened his master's door. No querulous voice greeted him as usual from the curtained bed. He set down his can by the hearth, drew the drapery aside at the windows, and stirred the still lingering embers of the fire, put ting on fresh fuel. Then he approached the bedside and gazed in through the parted curtains. The sight that mot his gaze held him for a moment spellbound. The ghastly face on the pillow, with the eyes still closed as they had been in Ja', the pinched features rigid in da?oh, and the sunken breast with its gaping wound and awful stain of life blood, presented a vision that seemed to sear the eyebails of the gaze . The next minute he pulled the bell frantically, and sprang to te door, fill ing the hall with his cries. The servants came trooping to the scene. Ralph Ohandos, springing from his bed, and throwing on/hastily only the most necessary garmnhts, ran into the hall, and almost at the same instant Norman Brabazon, dishevelled and scantily arrayed, made his appearance. " What] is the matter, Dean 7" cried Ohandos, all alarm. " Has my uncle a fit ?" Dean wrung his hands wildly. " He's dead! My lord is dead !" he shrieked. " He's been murdered I" . The butler, who had reached the very threshold of. the baron's chamber, re coiled swiftly, and fixed a horrified gaze upon Ohandos. " Murdered !' repeated our hero, not noticing that strange regard, . " Impos siblo ! .Lt me pass, Dean ! My uncle may be dead-but murdered ? No, that, is incredible!" Dean retreated into his master's room. Ohandos, Brabazon, and the servants followed. A wild scone of confusion and terror ensued. It was found that the body of the murdered man was quite sold ; he had been dead for hours. And, after that first glance at the blood upon' the bed, and at the hideous wound in the baron's breast, it was noticed that young Chandos was silent,.as.if stunned, looking dazed by the shock he had received. It was noticed, too, by the inquisitive servants that Brabazon looked at his cousin askance and as in horror of him, and they, too, drew away, ind interpreted his shocked silence to his hurt. " Ralph," cried his treacherous cousin, sharply. "are you going to do nothing ? Oh, my poor uncle ! Who could have been so wicked as to murdor.yo.iLU?'._ad he put his handkerchief to his eyes. " What should I do ?" asked Uhandos, still bewildered by the horror that had come upon him. " Send for the physician, for the police, for the coroner !" cried Brabazon. " The murderer must boe discovered ! Let no one but the messengers leave the house, Millis," and he turned to the butler; "send messengers at once, and do not let my uncle's body be touched by anyone, it must not be disturbed until the coroner comes !" Millia bowed assent and directed three of the grooms to mount the best horses in the stable and proceed to Lowes, and summon to the.scene of the tragedy the family physicinan, tho coroner and the police. The men hurried away upon their errand. " And now," said Brabanon, taking direction of affairs, "let all leave the room, and let a watch be set attlhe door to prevent intrusion. Let the windows and doors throughout the house remain as they are, so that tho manner of the murderer's escape may easily be dis covered. His air of authority compelled ready obedience. Millis seconded hisa' orders, driving his subordinates from the room. Ralph Ohandos stood at the bedside and looked long and earnestly upon the faco of the murdercd man. Hit uncle had never shown him affection, but he had boeen kind to him, had brought him up his parents having died years before, had given him every advantage of culture and education, and Chandos had felt for him a grateful regard, even if he had not actually loved him. It was impossible to look upon him lying thus, without being shocked, and without a sense of profound pity and sorrow, but Millis noticed that he shed no tears and betrayed no strong emotion, except that his features grew stern and white. Brabazon, with a glance at his cousin, moved towards the door. The butler approached Ohandos. " If you please, Mr Ralph," he said 4-. I bog pardon, my lord-but if your lordship has any orders to give-" Chandos started at the title by which he was addressed. It scarcely yet dawned upon him that he was now Lord Strathmore. "I have no orders to give, Millie," he said hoarsely. "Do as Mr Brabazon has t,> V aI . X upu IUbO ome - uftv, ought to be made to discover the mur derer, but we can wait for that until the police arrive." He followed Brabazon from the room. Millie closed the door and set a guard before it. Shocked and almost stunned at the suddeness of the awful calamity that had overtaken his uncle, Chandos retired to his own chamber, and Bra bazon also.secluded himself. The servants gossiped together, whis pering darkly their suspicion in regard to the commission of the crime. Ralph Chandos had boon dearly loved by them all, and none knew better than they his nobility of soul, his fine sense of honor, his generosity and unselfishness, yet, had he not quarrelled with his uncle upon the previous day? Had he not been ordered to leave Strathmore Park upon this very morning ? Had not his uncle defeated his dearest hopes for the future? And had he not, in a single night, and by this very death, leaped from the position of dependent upon a churlish old man to the possession of one of the noblest titles and richest estates of England Had he not powerful motives for his uncle's murder ? The men. in spite of their love for Ralph Ohandos, shook their heads sorrowfully and went about with gloomy faces. (To be Continued.) 