~%ninz& (Eohmttu FEMININE FASHIONS AND FANCIES. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London. March 11, 1892. Some of the most fashionable ladies' tailors are showing hairy fabrics. One I noticed ap« proviDgly had a black ground flecked by stripes or checks of tawny orange or deep crimson silk. Much the same colors look well on j materials which have a ground of dark grey or j a mixture of black and white. An uncommon jd check was formed in mosaic design, the squares - -^B composed alternately of fawn color and -J chocolate brown. Pretty, too, was a fawn and -H reseda check on a cream ground brightened by ^ threads of crimson silk. A small blue, white, I and brown check would make up admirably. I For knockabout gowns, which will resist the hardest wear and look little the worse after the roughest campaign, there is nothing to equal real ' Harris' tweed. It is made by the local fisherfolk in the north of Scotland, and the weaving of the material provides occupation for the men in winter, when they are unable to carry on their regular avocation. The genuine stuff is distinguished by a peculiar odor, a mingled smell of tar and cordage combined with the peculiar aroma which clings to any thing of an absorbent nature after being long in the vicinity of the sea. This odor is, how ever, by no means objectionable, indeed some people whose olfactories are nob I very acute say they detect nothing I but what is common to other tweeds. I The stuff tis loosely woven, rough as regards I surface, and nondescript in relation to pattern. I Persons who like fine, smooth-faced cloths will I at first recoil from its exact opposite, but I women who have the courage to look at both I fabrics dispassionately and take the trouble to I . balance the merits of each will, I think, soon I discover a growing partiality for the rougher I textile, The -fact that fashion favors it of I course adds considerably to the merit of I Harris tweed. Made up by a good tailor and I amply trimmed— a band of velvet at the edge I of the skirt, with a little of the same velvet on Jt the bodice^-the dress has a distinct 'cachet' fl| of its own, and servants and people who prefer i| smart-looking fabrics, as the lower classes often I do, will be sure not to buy Harris tweed. Moreover, it is expensive. Exclusive women who do not Hke to be copied by their inferiors in station will therefore find another recommen dation in the last-named fact. Velvet to tone with one or other of the mingled colors intro duced in the textile itself is the usual trimming, but wide military braid is often substituted for velvet. Three- quarter capes to match generally accompany the gown of Harris cloth, and the two form a ' Dreadnought ' costume in which, bo far as comfort is concerned, one might face a North-American blizzard with impunity. The hood, in shape gipsy or Capuchin, is lined with Bhot silk and the inner lining of the cloak is of material to correspond. I The newest materials for early spring wear in I England are all more or less brightly colored. I The old pinks, blues, and purples are all I coming in again, not on account of their A beauty, but merely because they are a ohange )n from the undecided colors which have for some I time been fashionable. I The loose-back coat, which at first we stead- I fastly refused to reoognise as the ' coming C.,' I has by sheer persistence and no favor succeeded I in forcing itself on our attention. The tailora I were the first to introduce the 'Back-back,' I and women have learnt to trust their tailors' I taste. Men make fewer mistakes in re- I gard to dress than women do. More- I over, mest women have masculine friends I in whose . eyes they wish to appear I comely ; and generally a man's opinion abonb I form varies little, though his taste in respect J to color may vary much. So as the other sex — ^W decides for the 'sack-back,' the 'sack-back' j it is sure to be. And when it has undergone a few mere trifling [alterations I expect it will I become quite as popular as the universal three* quarter Cape has been. . . Whatever else is doubtful in relation to future fashions the fate of the long basque is decided; it is no longer in moribund con dition, it is absolutely dead, or to use the language of the immortal author of the 'Christmas Carol,' speaking of the defunct Marly whose ghost is about to vex the soul of his late partner, Scrooges (still in the flesh), ' Now Marly was dead, dead as a door naiL' The long basque, then, is dead as a door naiL It fought for its life and died hard, for it had many faithful allies who willingly would have pro longed its existence, but fashion, obdurate and I item as the (hidden hand of fate, decreed its I end, and fashion's emissaries obediently have — I compassed its extinction. 'Le roi est mort t I viveleroi.' We behold the new monarch in I the bodice which ends at the waist, whereas I erstwhile the long basque bodice declared its I ascendancy over the dress skirt, the latter now I reasserts itself and encroaches on^ the bodice, I like some marauding power on defenceless or I inadequately defended territory. The skirt is I laid as flatly as possible over the bodice edge. I which is. cut a few inches below the actual I waist-line, the join being hid by folds of velvet I or ribbon, the ends of which terminate in a I rosette at the back, where the folds are drawn I in downward direction and form a short point. I There have been some very smart weddings I lately. Though bengaline and brocaded silka ^ J are much worn, an eminent authority on dress ^W asserts that ivory-tinted satin is the mort I becoming to a bride. It is a regrettable fact I that whereas most women desire to look taeic I beet on this all- important occasion many I appear at considerable disadvantage and look I far less well than ordinarily. The bridal I robe of white is frequently excessively tm- I becoming, and . it -any lady ? Buapeota . that . white is inimical let her by all means ? m eschew tradition- and be; married in- a' travelliDg dress of some beoomiagflcdor. Of tea the bridesmaids look for more attractive than the bride when she happens to be one of those . to whom white is disfiguring. This occurred the other day-at a ceremony I attended. The two bridesmaids wore Empire -gowns made of pale blue crepe cloth and -lace hat% trimmed with forget-me-nots. The unfortunate bnde looked livid inher bridal white. I particularly admired some bridesmaids' dresses of white cloth trimmed with mink fur, vests of dafiodu color silk with white passementerie ; white felt hats trimmed with long white ostrich feathers slightly tipped with yellow. ^The bride's travelling costume of blue doth, made with waistcoat of fawn and blue brocade, and bat to match was very pretty and becom ing. Fale grey cashmere embroidered in gold atd .silver, with hat and cape in unison, looks pariieU'arJy well and is very suitable for a coaiuuie tu voyage. After the conclusion of the -v«3ding ceremony, when a darker color is pref tired, i cm sptak in faror of a toiled of chocjoiatfc lirown twtedvwith. full vest of brows velvet ai:d velvet zouave jacket embroidered with go'd and piufe. Aa I remarked above, grey is a. eo'.or 5rrqu-astly ohosen for fcbe going away costume ; many changes are rnug upon this favorite iifcuttal color. Dark grey, ap proaching slate, is. selected for more ?useful ?wear ; dove grey and silver, grey, on the con trary, are chosen for beauty. Lovely was a young married lady's gown of grey silk and grey velvet trimmed with gold and steel pas sementerie, grey velvet cape lined with pale yellow satin, a grey velvet hat trimmed with d'Alencon lace and pale yellow ostrich plumes. Good taste suggests that the rank and future position of the bride should enter into consider ration when choosing a trousseau. |- - I cannot refrain from quoting the dresses of . I another batch of bridesmaids, they are too *~~ pretty to pass over in silence, being made of pale pink crepon trimmed with pink and white may. Long tulle veils fastened with cor responding flowers to complete. We are adopting the French fashion of arranging veils ; it is decidedly more tasteful as also more be coming to the wearer than our older English method, which is flat in effect, And the defect is not entirely obviated even- when the raised coiffure of present fashion affords a base for operations. The new way is to .pucker tip the tulle until it assumes the shape of a becoming little cap, tiny Ifthnefe, or pretty hat, according: to taste or individual requirement. So much effected, the veil flows outward and downward ' in true bridal fashion. A short veil is worn over the bride's face. Feather boaa have taken anew leaseof life. The best shops have large in Btalments.of every sort and kind, but' hitherto the unconquerable propensity of these boas to moult was a decided . drawback. No matter how high the price paid it would not insure in tegrity. It is to be hoped some improvement has taken place in this particular. The pur chaser has likewise to fear dyed feathers. The very great demand for feathers, which, of course, must match each other in color, has resulted in the practice of dying them. The metallic hues so admixed in the hackle and tail feathers of chanticleer are wonderfully imitated, but the wearer of a dyed boa soon' discovers the provoking fact ; her laces, her light-colored dresses, even her neck show signs of contact with . artifieally colored feathers. The permanent dye of another ?^-- nature is alone to be relied noon. It is in the combination of various materials and colon, -often of what appear at first sight opposing colors, that we find the jjreat charm of many of the more lovely dress creations of the day. Until the dyers achieved their pre sent high standard of taste and attained the skill that enables them to produce so many exquisite gradations of the same color, each blending into the other, not many years ago, it was impossible without manifestation of glaring bad taste to unite blue and green, green and mauve, and other directly antago nistic colors. Blue meant bine, green was green, and no mistaking it Now we are not infrequently puzzled how to classify correctly the color before us. It resembles the fabled chamelion. One person says, 'It is blue,' another affirms *'It is green,' while the umpire appealed to, following the legend in . substance, saye, 'Gentlewomen, cease your pother ; the thing is neither one nor 'tother.' As I remarked above, it is in such exquisite Wending of colors that present fashion excels. 2Tor example, I instance a lovely toilet of mauve brocade made with Empire sleeves and trimmed with rosette bows of turquoise blue velvet. Again, as most worthy of notice, I mention a Direetoire gown of pink and white Striped Bilk with small pink flowers in the design j the belt and trimmings axe moss green velvet; the large cravat is of white laoe. Much to be admired also was a petticoat of mauve and yellow striped silk with ruche at the hen.. The bodice of yellow brocade- is trimmed with jet and arrayed with pleatings of yellow silk muslin. This is distinctly a Paris evenirg dress and eminently suited to a dear dark completion combined with glossy ._ dark hair. 'Violet is another color that is being repro duced in the old-fashioned tone of a hundred ?ears ago ; . it is, however, most trying to many. t is one of the least favorable colors to the. skin, that is when it is not sufficiently deep to whiten by contrast of tone. The little blue itiere may be in the complexion violet torm green. Bias imparts orange, which is suscep tible of allying itself favorably to white and the light flesh, tinte'of fair complexions whiah' have already a more or less determined tint of the color; blue is therefore suitable to most blonds. It will not euit brunettes, as they have already too much orange. I am offering these remarks solely in relation to the revived, colors recently brought out, namely, the old hard blues and the purple, or .violet distin guished by the prefix 'royaL' The Syrian dyes of ancient times are not to be equalled, far less surpassed, by those of modern times. The secret of their production seems to have been lost, but Oriental colors in our day in depth of tone and richness and artistic blend ing are still greatly in advance of English dyes. Black satin has come in. for day wear. It taade its advent some while back on the person of a fashionable guest at a wedding. The gown was made with great simplicity, bodice andj skirt fitting as if moulded on the figure, the orthodox band of jet following the waist line ; under the jet was a foundation of white silk, throwing the irrimmirtfr into h'gh relief. A ruche of black moire and a scarcely ?visible lining of pink bordered the skirt. A little pink was likewise introduced about the neck. It may be mentioned in this connection that the huge bows so largely seen in the streets of London are now conspicuously absent from any well-dressed assembly. Thebonnetswornbymatronlywomencaaonly Ije distinguished from caps by theirwavystrings. A piece of lace rests on the hair and is filled in with a little flat trimming which forms the crown ; the strings come from the back. Bon nets for younger women are mere scraps, but though scraps costly, for rare lace and lo?ely feathers are used in their construction. They are worn very far back upon the head, which is dressed high — Grecian fashion, tins frequently necessitating a considerable addition to native growth. Upstanding plumes, some in front, some at the back, occasionally impart a rather frantic effect. The strings of such bonnets .When tied reach to the knees. 