Esgineer Jim Cook's Story, We wera sitting- in the sun on the south side of the Montana Union Depot, in Butte, When Jim told the story. There was a. trmmov in his -voice and a moisture in his eyes that marked how deeply his feelings 'were moved by the tale a chance remark led him to tell. Everyone who knows Jim Cook — and who doesn't know the rugged engineer, one of the oldest men in the Union Pacific service?- — knows that his heart is built in proportion to his massive frame. Touch, him right, and no woman could 'be more tender ; rile him, and no grizzly could be more fierce. Jim has seen exciting times in the service of the Union Pacific, and his mind is stored with remi niscences of the early days of transcon tinexital lailroading. We had been chatting in. a rambling, desultory way of snow-bouad trains, when the subject -was suddenly shifted', and I happened to mention the robbery of a Northern Pacific train near Fargo. Jim's manner changed instantly. He had been' leaning forward, resting his elbows on his knees and supporting his chin with the palms of his hands. Now he sat bolt upright ; his eyes flashed, and his whole manner eeemed to indicate that his brain, was conceiving a flood of eloquence his tongue could not fashion into .words. One could Bee tragedy in his face, but the next minute the expression changed to one of pity. Then he began to talk. I wish an adequate of his manner of telling it could be given with his story. He seemed to see the thing he was describing. ' Hold up,' said he. ?' I never was in but one, and I never hear of one that doesn't call up the ghost of poor Charlie White to haunt me. Charlie was an ex press guard in the early days. A pluckier ? little man never breathed. He had been, a telegraph operator in 'Frisco before he got ofl. Our run, and I knew him firstf-rate. Knew his wife, too, for he was married — a jlittle pink and white wax-doll sort of ?woman, -who looked like a saint. We had long runs-in those days. Our division — Charlie changed 'with me — extended from I^isco.to B ? ' .(I've forgotten the station named by Jim). «' One afternoon — we left at 2.20 — as we ?were pulling out of the depot at 'Frisco I got the bell. Ais I brought her to a stand Z,eaw .the- Wells Fargo run up to the express car and hand Charlie a square tin box with a grip handle. Looking back as jshe got her head again I saw the express agent making a motion to Charlie. Lean ing half but. the door Charlie slapped *'' belt and smiled. ** Just beyond them I saw something else— two ' rough-looking, bearded men, swinging up one after the other on the zeai platform of the last car. Then I thought nothing of it ; afterwards I knew they had been shadowing the express agent. *- All afternoon I had an uneasy feeling. Every engineer is a bit superstitious, I sup pose, and I remember that I wondered if my uneasiness wasn't a premonition of bad luck. We ran along -without mishap during the early evening, but when -we stopped to take water about 9 o'clock I caught sight of a dark figure stealing along in the shadow of the express. ' I called to Tom, my fireman, to see who it was, but -when he turned it was gone. This didn't bother me much at the time ; it might have been a brakie or the conductor, but I hadn't noticed any con ductor. ' While we were tearing away again at a pretty good pace I suddenly caught a clicking sound like the putting on of brakes. It was a trifle upgrade at that point, and I hadn't called for 'em. Telling Tom to keep her going as she was, I climbed back over the tender to see what was the matter. ' Just as I got to the rear I noticed a widening gap between the tender and the express, and realised that we -were un coupled, and that the bell rope had been cut 5 at the same time I saw one of the bearded men standing at the brakewheel of the express. He had me covered with a eix-shooter. ' As I clambered back to the cab I heard a shot ; then half a dozen of them in quick ?succession. ' Road agents !' Tom yelled in my ear as I took the lever. I brought her up as quick as £ could, and held her ready to run forward or backward as circum stances might decide. ' The train had almost come to a stand still when I saw a gleam of light cut through the night about midway of the car. Then that streak of light was darkened by the lengthened shadow of a man', which moved crosswise of the train, and seemed to melt out into the night. ' Get back, Charlie !' I yelled, for I thought he -was about to look out for the cause of our stopping. ' ? Open your head again and I'll blow it off!' said a voice beside me. Turning, I saw a man at each of the cab's front win dows. .They had jumped up on the pilot and crept back alongside of the boiler. ' There seemed to be a dozen of the robbers. Not more than two had come on the train I -was sure. The whole thing had been planned. Those near the engine, with the exception of the two at the cab windows, made a rush for the express car. As they ran into the stream of light com ing through the open door, a shot fired from the darkness to the left of the train tum bled one of them to the ground. The others fusilladed the spot from which the shot appeared to come, and then two shots fired under the train from the other side, and another shot from away out in the dark, laid one of the thieves out cold, and caused another one to howL , ' The trainmen were beginning to fight My blood got warm. I had a good six shooter under the seat, and if that fellow at the cab window had only taken his eyes off me for a moment I'd have been out there helping the boys. Those at the rear of the train then joined those in front, and all made a dash at the open door of the express. They were all in a buncii in the light. . ' The first man to enter- the door stood a moment and then fell outside in the crowd. The shot came from the darkness away out to the left. Another man tried it. As he fell on his face in the car the others, -who had been watching, fired a volley at the flash off in the dark. The next man who tried to enter the train* succeeded ' The others kept watch until he reap peared at the door. Something was wrong. \- ?. . ?- -: . ?? '. ???? ? ' ???. ?.? ? '. ? vV-Sv'?-! Two others gotin to help hi«x. !Ehen. :one of them whi6tled/and my man atTthe win dow jumped 'off .and ran back £6 the train. ' That was 'iny chance. Oat came the gun from under my seat, and! got a snap shot at Tom'sman-, but missed him. As he turned on me Tom struck his arm with a wrench, knocking the pistol from his hand. He jumped off into the darkness. We backed her slowly up towards the train, firing as we -went. Suddenly a dark form rose up on Tom's side of the track and threw something into the tender. Tom and I both fired at the man. He staggered up against the cab steps and groaned. Then by a superhuman effort he caught the hand rail, and, just as we -were preparing to give him another shot, he dragged his face to the lisrht. 'It was Charlie! ' We had both hit him!' ' Pull out, Jim, and save the box I' '* That was all he said. It was the box he had thrown into the tender. No matter how much there was in it, the stuff wasn't worth the life of the bqy who saved it to the company. While' I lifted Chailie up into the seat Tom. threw the old engine wide open, and we ran away from the train, robbers and all. ' It was 40 miles to the nearest station, a small Government post. Tom fed and worked the engine. I sat on the seat beside Charlie and held him up. The rattle and rumble of the wheels accused me at every revolution. ' They seemed to be repeating the words ' You have killed him ! You have killed him!' Tom made those 40 miles in an hour ; %ood time over that road and that day, but it seemed to me an age. As we were running in Tom gave them bell and whistle both, and then, 'when she came to a stand, he fired two shots. The bluecoats were out in a jiffy. . ; ' Everything -was told in a fewjsvprds. Charlie was carried into the quarters' and turned over to the surgeon, a-fine old fellow named Hamilton. With, an' escort o£ 20 men we ran back to the train. ' The robbers had left. ? Finding the express empty of treasure they had tried to go through, the train. There were 'too many revolvers among the passengers, however, and they drew off. ' When we reached the post again Sur geon Hamilton -y^alked up to the cab. ' Are you Jim Cook ?' said he. I nodded. * Take these to Mr. White's wife, and he handed me Charlie's watch, a bank book, and a bunch of keys. * He told me to tell you,' « the surgeon went on, ' not to feel bad about that shot. The road agents found him with that last volley, and he would have gone under anyhow from his other wounds. His body will go back with you on your return, and I will give you a letter to the express company.' ' Tom cried like a child. I couldn't cry ; my brain seemed to be on fire; I -was thinking one minute of how reproachfully Charlie had looked at me when he swung into the cab with a dying effort, and the next of a frail little woman in 'Frisco who was patiently waiting Charlie's return. ' The company gave her a pension, bnt she didn't need it lon.se.' ' What was in the box ?' I asked. 'Certificates of stock in a wild cat raining scheme.' 'Why ? ' ' It was like this,' said Jim, wiping his eyes and bringing his story to a close. ' The express agent saw that somehow the fact that a shipment of treasure was to be made had leaked out. At the last moment he substituted a lot of worthless securities. He saw that he -was shadowed on the way to the train, and he acted up at the depot just to throw the robbers off the scent and to make them, to believe that the shipment was really being made by our train.' 