FROM MB. MICHAEL DATITT. BALLYBHACK, Co. DUBLIH, 81st December, 1891. MY Advocate friends who will have read my letter of the 3rd inst. will not have been surprised at learning the result of the Waterford election. The only feature in the contest which may have puzzled them a little was my own candidature for a seat for whioh I strongly urged the leaders of the Irish party not to fight. I have fully explained my own aotion in this respect in the IriBh and English press, and, in view of this fBct, together with the opinions which I expressed in my last correspondence, it is unnecessary to go over tbe same ground in this letter. Though opposed to a contest, I felt it to be my duty to help the Parlia- mentary leraders in what even they considered to be a forlorn hope;, and in doing this there was nothing inconsistent with my previous endeavours to avert disgraceful sceneB by advocating a postponement of the struggle for Waterford until the general election. am sorry my advice was not followed, but I hare no regrets whatever lor having fought a hopeless battle in the interests of national unity upon a policy which my own judgment condemned. r. Mr. John Bedmond and his followers have, as a matter of course, made the most of this, their solitary, " viotory." They hail it as a turn of the tide in their favour. It is spoken of in the Factionist press as " a great triumph" at the end of what has been to Parnellism a disastrous year. These misguided men are not alone in their rejoicing; and this is the saddest circumstance surrounding the whole miserable business of this election. Every organ of Dublin Castle and of Irish landlordism; every newspaper in Great Britain which voices the views of the CoercioniBtTory Government, shoufhuzsa" even more loudly than either the Daily Independent or United Ireland. It is needless to add why. They rightly consider Mr. Bedmond's return as a blow struck at Home Bule. In. Ps'-Connell's phrase, "it gives strength'to . the enemy," and every foe which the Irish cause has arrayed against it has felt [that Waterford has added both argument) and influence to the " Unionist" party. And, notwithstanding this undisguised meaning of the Tory enthusiasm over |Mr. Bedmond's [election, neither himself nor his followers will leara from it how deadly must be the treason to country and to cause which affords gladness and joy to Dublin Castle and the London Times 1 Mr. Bedmond and his paTty know what they are doing. They are not acting in ignorance of the political consequences which may follow from their acts and words. They are too intelligent not to note the manner in which the enemy's press gloat over their Factionist proceedings and stimulate by open encouragement the violence and disorders aatb which Parnellism tries to re-establish its sway over the national movement. All this. evidence of the wrong whioh they are ^riijg the cauBe of national autonomy;is Mose their eyes svery day, arid'yet ' these men still call themselves " Nationalists" and patriots," and denounce John Dillon and William O'Brien as " Renegades " and " traitors." But Mr. Bedmond, fortunately for the prospeots of Home Bule, is not strong enough to~fulfil all the expectations of his Tory friends and supporters. Waterford does not mean a " turn in the tide " of Factionist fortunes. In reality it means that in a city which was known to be the strongest centre of Parnellism in Ireland, the seat was only carried by a combination of Tory votes and pig buyers' intimidation. The Nationalist strength in Waterford, manifested as it has been under danger and difficulty, is an encouraging surprise, and holds out a reasonable hope that at the coming general election the city by the Suir may reverse its recent verdict and range itself on the aide of the vast majority of the IriBh people. Anyhow, it will be in the power of the Tories and Factionists combined to carry more than a total of twenty-seven out of all the constituencies of Ireland at the general election. This will leave seventy-six seats to the Nationalist party, or a majority of almost three to one of the whole Par liainentary representation, and this preponderating vote will appeal as strongly for Home Bule upon constitutional grounds as if the treachery of Bedmond and his friends were not a' factor in the national question. They will be strong enough and noisy enough to lend/ their "Unionist" allies lame arguments against the concession of the Irish national demand. But they will not, fortunately, have enough of strength with which to wreok the hopes of the Irish people. The constituencies which the Irish party expect to lose at the general election, in consequence of the Factionist policy, are, in Ulster (to the Tories), West Belfast, Londonderry, and North Fermanagh. Of course, each of these will be fought by us. Mr. Sexton's and Mr. JUBTIN M'Carthy's seats are not to be considered «B hopelessly lost. Nothing of the kind. One or both may be retained, as there is a faint hope that the few Pamellite votes within theBe divisions may, after all, at the lost moment be given to two such men in preference to the nominees of the Orange-Tory party. But it is well to calculate upon a defeat where the chances ore at present against us, and we therefore reckon upon losing three seats in Ulster owing to the split in the National ranks caused by Mr. Parnell, and perpetuated by Bedmond and others. North Fermanagh, at present represented by Mr. William Bedmond, is certain to goto the Tories. This calculation mil give the Irish Tories twentyone seats in the next as against -eighteen in the.present Parliament, or aboat one-fifth-of the entire Irish representation. The constituencies which are expected to go Factionist are six—namely* Waterford, East Wicklow, West Clare, ficrath Roscommon, and the Harbour and St. Stephen's Green divisions of Dublin^ Three of these are at present represented by Factionists— Waterford, East Wioklow, and the Harbour Division of Dublin, having Messrs. Bedmond, Corbett, and Harrington respectively . as members. Each and all will, of course, be contested; and many of our friends are - sanguine that both East Clue and South Boscommon will be earned for Home Bule. Putting, however, the probable Faotionist following at six, our Australian friends will see that the result of the general election will be the wiping out of the Bedmond following as a party capable of doing any permanent injury to the cause of Home Bule. In a few other constituencies where Parnellism has had a considerable hold—such as North and South Dublin, North Meath, West Wicklow, and North Mayo—there will be stiff fights, with, bowever, the probability of success for the Nationalist party. In no other single division in the country will the Factionists have the ghost of a hope of electing an adherent. If, therefore,. by chance, accident, - or misfortune—or all combined—John Bedmond's party should succeed in winning the maximum number of constituencies where alone they have any hope of being successful, their total strength would be eleven members; and this number added to the Tory seats would only represent thirtytwo hostile votes as against seventy for Home Bule. Putting the maximum Tory members at twenty-one, and that of the Factionists at eleven, and rating the minimum strength of both at nineteen and four respectively, we will find the average between these extremes to be twentyseven and a half, which would leave the Nationalist representation seventy-four and a half members out of the total one hundred and two, which is Ireland's present share of the Imperial representation at Westminster. I have gone into this calculation and forecast in order tof quieten any apprehensions which the result of the Waterford election may have c&uSed; on your side of the world. You may rely upon my figures being as near the mark of probability as it is. possible te arrive at in the more or ICBS uncertain field of political prognostics. I have pnt the worst and the best aspect of the probable, results of the general .election in Ireland before your readers, and they will see little, if any, cause for; serious alarm even in the figures whioh give to the " new leader of the, Irish race at home and abroad*' a strength of eleven followers with whioh to carry pat the work of ruining Home Bule, which Hr. Parnell, with thirty-two of a following and the preBtige of a great personality and career, failed to accomplish. In my previous letters I spoke of a better feeling which whs beginning to prevail in the country. I deducted from this a born that a re-union might possibly be .brought about before the general eleotion. This hope must now be abandoned, I regret , to say. The new Factionist papers are fanning the fireB of passion all round, ana are instilling into the minds of their readers the same poisonous teachings which all but enabled the Freeman!* Journal to wreck the Home Bule cause a year ago. The same men are again employed at the same congenial task. Tbe dismissed Freeman staff is that which is now exhausting all the resources of unscrupulous journalism in the oolumns of the Daily Independent and Evening Herald to keep alive a suicidal strife. The vilest and most unfounded allegations are being mBde against the personal character of leading Nationalists for Factionist ends, while the political abts and words of those who are most prominent in opposing Mr. Bedmond and his party are twisted and tortured into a meaning u foreign to their convictions and careers as black is to the nature of white. It is impos: Bible to fathom the depths of malignity which can induce men, presumably honest and of upright personal character themselves, to assail, for the purpoBe of political malice, the personal honour and character of opponents who have never done them a personal or any other injury. -But such is the evil influence of Factionist feeling that men are driven by its baneful impulse to write that of their opponents whioh in their hearts they must know to be false, and must therefore detest. However, we must bear it all with patience. Truth and justice always prevail in the end, and I am certain that the ysar^which commences to-morrow will live in history as one that will be bright and auspicious to this unhappy land of ours. . Wishing all out friends in the Australian colonies many _ ' * MICHAM. DAVIXT. Happy New Years. 