"HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION ?" oolw, hic/h is the worse-to have oi appetite for your dinner, or to have no dinner for your appetite ?' There are lots of people on the one side. or the other of this question. 'When "good digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in thrat way; we either have too much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and. doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alterations and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication, in which the writer says, "I was afraid to. eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so'that.ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to,say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur. round it. My breath-was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which wore always right before I had eating anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it wouild choke me." Wo eannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were tonched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of' which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he-says, "the thouight of eat ing, and many a scanty meal have I mulc, for I was afraid to cat. " After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose' a good deal of sleep."' What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is,: of course, 'the fear of some calamity, such as'.the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or. the death of somebody dear to him. This was duid, as he intimates, to th' impoverished 'state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this'fonu of illiines is:always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. "With great difficulty," he says, "I stuck 'to my work,, for I had a wife and family cdipending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description.. I anm sure no one has smfrted so amuch as'I have done." ' In tho lattel'stateieint he is undoubtedly wrongg. Oine's 'o itw ain is one's own, and is 'always harder to hieiir than iii'onie's "iotioi 'of his neighbouir's pain'. There is ii couitless multitude "who-' ar?i' ll :thi 'Wvhile'" gding through the sainmo,'wretched:'experience, only wi doii't'happoin t?'come:'in tounih with them. " Well, the writer finally 'iieiitions that after all medical., treatment had left him where it 'foiiid liin' 'lie chanced to read in a 'book of 'i 'crisoeexactlh, like his owsi' having 'bee' l itred by Mother Seigel's Syrup. '"'My'vwife," 'he says, "got me a bottle at Mr. Langstaff's, in Woodlesford, and, after usirig' its '"contents' the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day.'" I should like the whole world to know what' it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland .Railway Company for 11 years. (Signed) " GEORE HUNTr, " Car Bottom-road, " Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in ordor'that' part of the world at least may know how thankful, hoe is and for what reason. A dish of charcoal placed in your meat' larder will keep the articles 'as sweet and wvholesome almost as well is ice.' Charcoal is a great disinfectant. 