THE BEAUTIFUL SPECTRE; > . ' OR, CAN A BRAVE MAN BE ' ; AFRAID? (By Guy de Maupassani.) Note. — The first two chapters of this story ore the last work done by Guy do Maupassant before his incarceration in an insane asylum, where he is a' hopeless maniac. The third chapter is from Leon Favurt, who wrote it out from his knowledge of what Maupassant intended that the conclusion of the tale should be. CHAPTER I. It was near midnight, There had been a whist party at the fine old city residence of the. Marquis de la; Tour-Samuel ; four tables, but alL.gaye two of_the gues).s -had.- taken their leave of their aged host. These . were an army officer and a civil service man, both intimate friends, und the Marquis protested against their leaving so early. "Draw your chairs tip in front of the fire," said he. "I have Bome delicious Camembort, and I will order a bottle of that rare old Amontillado to be opened. There is something strangely, mysteriously fascinating about the hour of midnight to jne, and, to .be honest with you, I don't care to be left . alone at that hour, I'm afraid. Let me explain myself. Fear is one of themost.friglitful of things, a hideous sen sation as if the very soul were undergoing decomposition. It is u terrible spasm of the brain, of the ' heart, the very recollec tion of which givus one agonising shudders. But none of this is possible to the brave man, neither at the moment of attack nor 'when facing inevitable death, nor, in fact, in the face of any known peril ; it might occur under extraordinary circumstances, under .certain mysterious influences, when the risk is, vague and uudefinnble. Genuine fear is something like a sudden realisation of the fantastic terrors suffered by the common people-in the dark ages. A man who be lieves in ghosts, and who . firmly believes that he is gazing upon a midnight visitant fgom another world, must experience to its full extent the frightful sensation of fear. .,' / . "I once experienced that frightful sen sation to such a degree that the firm earth ; seemed to, melt beneath my feet to a single ' foothold, and my very soul to go to pieces and loave me to topple over into the abyss of eternal night. . ' , " I've taken many risks in my day, run many chancoB'of my life, fought duels and been left for dead by aBsassitis. I was once condemned to be hanged as an insurgent in South America, and on anothor occasion was thrown overboard on the China coast. Each and every . time I gave myself up for lo3t, but I didn't. shrink. I faced deathlike a man ! A'nU yet, my friends, there ivas no sensation .v of 'fqar: in any. sucli ex perience, not a tiiige of it; but, 'ah, 'it Was quite differeiit. in the case .which I am about tjo relate to you. There1, it is stfekjng midnight, and would you believe it, I never hear a clock striki g ' that hour, that there doesn't Hash through my mind a remembrance of that night, although it was more than 40 years ago. To my dying day I shall never quite free my self from the shock. And yet that terrible sensation lasted only a few brief minutes, .but so, intense was tnc'fear I suffered that I have never been able to rid my soul of its effect. Any sudden sound in the dead of night, any white figure dimly seen in the dark, makes me start. To be per fectly honest with you, I'm afraid of the dark. When a man has passed his 75th milestone he can afford to'be frank. It is permissible for a man of that age to turn pale in the face of some fantastic peril; but let the danger be real and tangible, and I will meet it just as calmly as ever. " Itv'was in 1827, in the month July, and my regiment was stationed at Rouen. One dny, while out for a walk on the quay, I met a man whose faco was familiar to me, and yet 1 could not exactly place him. In stinctively I came to a halt, aud as I 'did so he stepped forward and took me by the hand. It was Saint-Gery, a school friend, whom I had not seen for 10 years. As a boy he had been extremely, plain- looking; as a man ho was repulsive. "With the squatty figure of a cut-down Hercules, a neck of extraordinary thickness and a faco reddened with scrofulous taint, Saint-Gery was not a limn for your soul to go out unto. Although we were of the same age he now looked ten years my senior. His hair was prematurely grey, and his whole manner denoted a mental unrest bordering almost upon insanity. Saiut-Gery was the last of his race. I suddenly remembered that, and also the fact that he owned an estate a few ndles out of Rouen. In a rambling and half-violent manner he in formed mo that ho had quitted his chateau only a few days before our meet ing, and that it was .his firm resolve never to enter it again. I couldn't bring myself to question him concerning this Btrango determination. There was a some thing about the man that was intensely dis pleasing to me, and yet I must confess that this very repiilsiveness some way fascinated me. '"'Thank heaven fortius meeting,' said he, abruptly, ' far I have a favor to ask you. It is to ride out to my old homo and get some papers for mo. I'll tell you where to find them— in the i ocm, in my writing- desk. For certain reasons I don't want to send an ordinary messenger, but I may trust you. Here's the key to the outside door, that's the key to my room and that to my desk. I want you to go this very afternoon. I'll give you a few lines to Roger, my man in charge of the place.' " My first impulse was to excuse myself, but on second thought my love of the mys terious, my fondness for adventure, led me to accept. Life was intolerably dull at the post, and it would be a pleasant break iu the monotony. It was only 10 or 12 miles out to the old chateau. All I would have to do was to bring back with me two pack ages of letters and a third package tied with red tape and bearing his name, all three in the top drawer to the right. " I half ropehted of my acceptance as I fixed my cyc3 upon that almost ogrq like countenance, but it was too late now. "Something detained mc at the post and it was not until nearly sunset thnt I rode out . of the town. "Ab Idrsw near to the Saint-Geryestato I fell in with a solitary rider, whom, from something ho let drop in tho conversation, I recognised to be Roger, tho man in charge of the place, and, without making myself or my errand known to him, I strove to draw him into conversation concerning Saint- Gery 's remarkable abandonment of such a fine old chateau ; but the man was so politic a servitor and bo guarded in his replies that I had only my trouble for my pains. "It was now 10 o'clock, and my long rido had sharpened my appetito tremendously. At my invitation, Roger consented to join nits with a glass of wino at tho roadside inn, although lie excused himself from eating anything. The table had been set on the verandah, and tho night wns so beautiful that wo sat there smoking and chatting until after 11. Turning to Roger I placed Saint-Gery's letter in his hand. . He gave a sudden start, bat -as quickly, recovered himself and withdraw into tho gardener's lodge to read it. " 'Well, air, what doyon wish?'" he stam mered out, as he reappeared at the door a moment after. . " ' You ought to know,' said I, rather sharply, ' I suppose you, have read your muster's orders. I desire to go inaide the chateau ; get mo a lamp at once.' " ' Oh, no — no, sir,' ho , almost gasped, 'only it is impossible. ' Tjie place is locked, doubly locked and barred ; I'm powerless to act ; Monsieur has the keys.' " ' You nre wrong. I have them,' said I, calmly, but firmly. 'Get me a lamp at once aud lead the way to tho door.' , " The man seemed to bo laboring under some dreadful anxiety, but I took little note of his manner. I was well armed, and kept my eye on him, As I advanced to set the key in the door he plucked up courage to make a last attempt to stay my progress, but this impertinent opposition on his part now irritated me to such an extent that, taking tho lamp out of the man's bauds, I pushed him violently aside. As I did so the clock in the neigh boring chapel struck the hour oi midnight, but 1 scarcely noted it savo to enjoy the mysterious sweetness of the tones as they broke the midnight stillness of the place. "The room was large and square, and had about it that close, aud musty odor of an unused apartment — an odor strnngoly like that which you so often notice in a death chamber. In one corner stood a huge mahogany bedstoud, richly carved und sur mounted with a canopy. Tho heavy silk curtains were drawn uside, disclosing mat tress and pillows, but no sheets. There was an evident impress of a human figure upon the side away from the wall. I could see that the rootn was more or lesB in dis order, and that there was one door opening, as I imagine, into a closet. " My first thought was to. throw open a window and let the cool, fresh night air into the place to chase out its- smell of mould and must, but so rusted were the fastenings that although I madeuseof my sabre as a lever I couldn't start them. "After sevoral attempts I gave it up and sat down on a sofa in front of the writing desk with the intention of hnrrying through t.ho task assigned me and of making my escape. Everything was as Saint-Gery had described it tome, and in a momeii t orso I had found all but the last of the three packages indicated, when 1 thought I heard, or rather felt, the. rustle of a woman's skirts behind me; but I was too busy to pay any atten tion to it. In fact, it half occurred to me that the breeze had blown in from the hall way and stirred a bit of paper oil the floor, or caused the hangings to give forth a rust ling sound. But in a moment the same Bound again caught my ear, and this time it sent a disagreeable crawling feeling over my skin. It seemed so silly to me to take any note of such a thing that my self- respect would not allow me to look around. " I had now come upon the third of the packages which Saint-Gery had commis sioned me to obtain for him, aud had just thrust it into my pocket, when a deep, long-drawn sigh, which naught but human lips could have sent forth, escaped' almost against my cheek. With one wild spring I landed' several feet away and almost in stinctively my hand clutched my sabre belt. Had I not done so I should have dashed like a coward out of that dimly-lighted room. "A tall woman, wearing a travelling gown of white gossamer, with angel sleeves, her' face whiter than her raiment, was standing behind the sofa with eyes that seemed lighted with unearthly clow fixed sadly and ten derly upon me. Over her shoulders, reaching almost to her, feet hung a wonderful growth of hair, covering her — enveloping her like a living veil. By the lamp's light, as bIio raised her hand and put back these glorious tresses, I could see that they had a golden sheen which gave her tho appear ance of being literally wrapt in a mysteri ous fire that glowed without consuming. She was wonderfully but fearfully beauti ful and unearthly. I was stricken with such a tremor that my body swayed, and only by the greatest effort could I save myself- from pitching over backward. "Nobody, unless he has been stricken by it, can have any idea of this awful and senseless terror. You feel your soul slip ping away like escaping vapor, your heart comes to a dead standstill, your whole body- grows inert and limp, and, like an empty tenement, its walls seem ready to oollapso lipou tho void. Oh, no, I didn't believe in ghosts 1 I knew like all the rest of you that the dead never come from their graves to walk the cold, damp earth again ; hut yet, this senseless fear of them came upon me nevertheless ; this fair apparition waB hideous to mo, and in those few instant I sutlered, oh, I suffered more of irresistible agony, more awful dread of the super natural than in my whole life put together. CHATTER II. "If some sound had not como from the ap parition, if that terrible silence had cot been broken by some earthly manifestation, by a smile, by a word, or even by a natural look, I think I .should have died then and there; but she spoke, she spoke in tones so intensely sad and sweet that the words sent a thrill through every neive in my body.' It would be dissimulation for me to say that I now succeeded in collecting my thoughts, in reassuming my powers of rea son. No, I stood thero bewildered, not kuowing which way to turn ; nevertheless that secret pride in my own personality, that natural conceit enabled me with great effort to restrain myself from my pitiable exhibition. But it was a pose, however ; it was not honest ; I knew it and site too, whoever she was, woman or phnntom, was doubtless conscious of it. All this came to me later, for my word for it, while the ap parition faced mc, I had thoughts for noth ing. Fear had complete possession of me. ""The apparition spoke. 'Oil, sir, you can do me a great'service.' " I tried to reply, but my tongue, my lips refused to do their work ; a low breathing sound alone camo from my parched and aching throat. "Again the Hps of the apparition moved. 'Will you? You have tho power to save me, to cure me. I am suffering frightfully, oh, so frightfully.' "As she uttered these words in atone too weird and instrument-like to be human she let herself drop gontly and Blowly into a sitting position on the sofa. " 'Will you?' again came from those pale, thin blue lips. " I tried to say 'Yes,' but nothing save a low hissing sound escaped me. "i'was all I was capable of, and bo I bowed my head in sign ot acquiescence. "With this she drew ont from under the folds of her white gown a large-toothed tortoise-shell comb and, holding it out to mc, whispered : ' Comb my hair, oh, comb my hair 1 It will euro mo ; it will stop this pain ; it's tho only way. Look at my head 1 See how I am suffering ; it will drag me down to death.' "Ab she sat there her wonderful head of hair fell around her like an enveloping cloud, its edges resting upon the floor. Why did I attempt to obey ? Why did I reueh out a tremulous hand for that comb, and why did I tako hold of those thick strands of hair, the toucii of which sent shivers of in tense coldness through my bonds and arms as if I were toying with strings of serpents? I cannot tell you, my friends, but believe me when I say that the sensation of cold ia here yet, and that I can fool it now. A horrible fascination came upon mo as I set to work. Cold und heat by turns struck me deep in the very vitals. I was caressing the dead, toyiug with hair cold and dank from tho tomb. Oh, it was dreadful, and yet it was heuvenly. " Gradually my strength came to me. I was an adept in the use of a comb, for ulmost daily I was wont to comb and braid my horse's mane. I couldn't see whether an expression of comfort had stolen over that white face, but I could hear that low breathing, that softened groan which means relief from pain, as I proceeded with my work. Separating that luxuriant growth into several parts I took up each in turn and combed it to its full length. Then, gathering them all together, I began to braid them, and as my fingera lost more and more the stiffileBs which fear had caused I went faster and faster, to the end. She bowed her head and continued; to give forth those softened groanB which seemed almost like tho purring of a cat. " Suddenly she murmured a word of thanks, and reaching out quickly, look tho comb from my huod and darted out of tho room, disappearing in tho darkness ot tho half-opened door, more like a spectro than over. " The moment I found myBolf alono thero came upon ma that dazed feeling so common to anyone escaping from the chains of some dreadful nightmare. The spell was broken, all sense of fear had vanished, and I could feci tho blood tingling back into my veins again. I wiis enraged at my ovtn weakness. I felt like a man who has been tricked and gulled by mischief-loving friends. I deter mined to follow the- midnight visitant, and sprang after her, but the door was locked. I threw myself against it with furiouB on slaught.. ,It held firmly, however. Just then my horse which I had tied at the porce cochere gave a long, land neigh of impa tience. It started mc strangely, for it seemed to be the call of a friend to hasten out of the chateau, whore my foolhardiness might cost me my life. I obeyed, and dash ing down the stairway at the risk of break ing my neck I groped my way outdoors, and sprang into the saddle. The faithful animal seemed overjoyed to have mo on his back again and was ofl with a bound. How long we took to roach Rouen I don't know. Notlong, for the animal kept up n wild puce. My orderly was waiting far me, and I think he muitercd something about a hard rido as I turned away. "I need hardly tell you that thero was not much sleep for me that night. At limes it seemed to mo that I had merely fallen asleep in my easy chair, for I had not undressed, und dreamed it all. But now I could fool one package of Saint-Gery's letters, which I had thrust into my breast pocket, pressing gainst my. hody._ But, ..niorotliati tips,., "there; (Twisted round "the buttons of my coat, and entangled in tho metal lace, wore several long silken hairs of a golden tinge. Thoy were from tho head of tho beautiful ghost of Castle Saint-Gery. There could be no mistake about it. They had been de tached in the combing, and had fastened themselves to ino in the manner indicated. There was no di-eam about it. It wus solid, terrible, awful reality. Carefully unwind ing those hairs I rolled them up aud put them away in mi envelope. " The moment I had swallowed a little breakfast I set out to find Saint-Gery to give him his letters, to tell hiin of my strunge adventure in the old chateau and to ask him for an explanation. Judge of my surprise, nay, my amazement, to find that he had abandoned his lodgings late the nightbeforo. Where had he gone? Noone knew ; no one seemed to know anything about him. I appealed to -hc police, but ho could not be found in "mien. The mystery was deeper than ovi. >.! again I was haif inclined to think thai sotno mis chief-loving friend had been playing a trick upon me. But, there were the letters, three packages, just as 1 had tuken them from the Saint-Gery writing- desk, and there were the hairs found clinging to the buttons and gold lace of my coat, and my orderly, too, as sured me with a smile that I had galloped madly up to the garrisou a little after 1 o'clock, my horse being covered with foam. It had certainly been a 10-milo gallop, bo my orderly thought. "I was absent from Frnnce for several years. Now and then in rummaging through my goods and chattels I would come upon Saint-Gery's letters, and let me assure you, my friends, that a Biglit of them was always quite euougli to send a cold shiver down my buck. " Upon my return from Algiers my health was so impaired by African fever that I determined to resign from the army and make a tour through tho New World. For many years my heart had yearned for its vast rivers, its endless prairies and pampas and itB grand mountain chains, the Rockies and Andes, and it was while I was getting ready for this extended trip that I again camo upon tho Saint-Gery letters while packing away some books and souvenirs that I wished to leave in Paris. By a strange coincidence . that very day I. met another college chum who. informed me that Saint-Gery was dead, that he had disap peared most mysteriously from Rouen, and that aftpr the lapse of several years the authorities had accidentally coino upon proof which convinced them that he had com mitted suicide. "This piece of news impressed me deeply, and as I walked back to my apartments tho scenes of that terrible night of suffering came up to me in strange relief. I recol lected everything to the smallest detail, al though it was nearly 10 years since it had happened, and I was seized with an irresis tible inclination to open the packages and read the letters. j. deliberated for several hours, working myself up into such a stato of mind that every rustle of tho window curtains, every creak of the floor, every crackle of tho fire made me start like a hunted criminal at the sound of a hand on the door knob. At last I summoned up resolution enough to break the seals, and as I did so tho bells in a neighboring church tower rang out the hour of midnight. It was another strange coin cidence, and as I listened to tho solemn tones my flesh began to creep, my hair stiffened, a cold sweat beaded my forehead, the old fear had come back upon me 1 I was suffering the keenest torture. Gra dually the fit passed off, and I was able to proceod with tho reading of the letters. Thoy were one and all love letters addressed by Saint-Gery to 'Aurore.' They were wildly, almost tempestuously passionate, and more than ever wus I convinced that Saint- Gery's reason had always beeu more or less unfixed. In every letter thero was some reference to Aurore's glorious head of hair, and now I felt sure that I had seen not Aurore herself, but her spirit ; that she had been foully murdered by Saint-Gery in an access of rage or jealousy. Upon unsealing the third package I found a heavy iresa of golden hair at least 5ft. in length. It had been cut from Aurore's head by Saint- Gery, for that fact was noted in his handwriting, giving even the hour, day and date. A comparison with it of tho few hairs that had clung to the buttons and gold lace of my coat on that fearful night seemed to con firm one of my strongest beliefs — that the spirits of the dead, under certain conditions, have the power of materialisation when they walk tno earth. " Well, you will not be surprised when I tell you that 1 didn't destroy those letters, that an intense desire to ferret out this mystery seized upon mo and that I firmly resolved upon my return from tho new world to set about the tank and if possible to learn the exact fate of the beautiful Aurore. You know what happened. In Rio I met a lady, loved her, married her, and settled down there. It was 20 years before I was des tined to see Franco again. I was then an old man, not in very robust health — a childless widower. 1 had come home to die, but the sight of old friends and native land gave me a new lease of life, and it seemed to mc that I began life all over again. I was passionately fond of hunting, and one autumn evening about 10 years ago, while so engaged in the north-east of France I was overtaken by a terrific stoim. I urged my guide to find a shelter as speedily as pos sible. He assured me that there was not a roof within four miles of us, and scarcely fvere the words out of his mouth before I caught sight of what seemed to me to be a charcoal burner's cot on the edge of tho forest, about half a mile distant. " 'Nay, my lord, not there,' exclaimed the man with a gesture of dread. 'It might mean death to us both.' " ' Death to us both ?' I echoed. " ' Yes,' returned tho man, ' tho cot is in habited by a madman, or one very nearly so.' "But the storm was now increasing in fury, and, madman or no madman, I was deter mined to seek shelter there. As our knock- , ing called forth no response, I pushed the door open. Tn the centre of tho room stood a man of low stature with shnggy hair and long, matted beard, white as tho driven snow. At a glance the man's eyes told mo whom 1 had come upon. It was Saint- Gery. There could be no mistaking him.- Each of his hands grasped a pistol, and he burst out furiously.: " Halt ! Anothor step and I'll shoot you. I Both down, you infamous minions of tho law. I know what you'vo ooino for — to arrest me for murder, and you're right too ; but I'm rcsolved to soll iny life dearly—yes, dearly, just for the plcasuro of killing. Ha, ha, ha 1' '"Nay, sir, you mistake us entirely,' I cried out in a friendly way. We arc not officers, but merely travellers, who crave the shelter of your roof. We will do you no harm.' . "Id au instant his fury left him, and he ! held nut his. hand to me, " 'Saint-Gery," I criod, 'old friend, don't yon .recognise me— your old schoolmate De la Tour-Samuel ?' _ " But my words made no impress upon his disordered mind. Ho was hopelessly insane. Hopelessly ! And yet, why ? though 1 1 as I Bat gazing upon the awful mental aud physi cal wreck before mc. If 1 could but per- suudo him, little as I believed it myself, that Aurore still lived ; that I had seen her, touched her, talked with her in the old chateau near Rouen, possibly I might he able to call his wandering reason back again. My mind was mado np at once. As I contemplated remaining in that region as long a3 tho hunting season lasted, I would Bend to Paris for the three packages and deliver them to him. The sight of these letters, the touch of Aurore's beautiful hair, together with the sound of my voice, might gradually make Saint-Gery's reason whole again. Alas 1 Man proposes, but God disposes. I carried out my programme to tho letter. I covertly laid the three packages on Saint- Gery's- table one evening nnd then left him alone with'those reminders of other days. "The next ..morning I found the door locked. We burst it opeu. There sat Saint-Gery at tlio table with his head sup ported by one hand nnd his eyes apparently rivetcdupoiisbmething held in the other. w-iV;- Saiht-Gcry,J,qM friftnd, how are yon to-day ?' I called "phoDriiy," as I laid thy hoiid on his shoiildcr. " Ho wa3 deud. He had died sitting there with his eyes fixed upon the strand of Aurore's hair. CHAPTER III. ' But Saint-Gery's death had accomplished one thing, at . any rate. It had furnished mc with confirmation strong as Holy Writ thut he had murdered Aurore, aud that it was her materialised spirit whom 1 had met in the old castle, whose icy-cold hair I had combed, whose low purring of relief I had listened to os I went about the awful task of playing hairdresser to the dead. "Putting a speedy end to my sport in tho woods I hastened to Rouen, resolved to seek out Roger if he were still alive, and with the proofs I had cxtor.t a confession from him. The old chateau had been sold for taxes, and passed into the hauds'.of a wealthy manufacturer, who had completely transformed the place, destroying its aneiont carvings, pimeliiigs. ancl hangings, and replacing them with .tapestries. ' I didn't know the property. Iiv was utterly shorn of its beauty. It made' mo heavy- hearted to gnze upon it, so repulsively fresh and new-looking was the renovated castle and its garish and pretentious surroundings. But, thank heaven, Roger was still alive. I came upon him nlinnst like one from the dead, aud when ho had listened to the account of my finding Saint-Gery and of his strange death, with the strand of Aurore's hair clutched in his grasp, the aged servitor wept bitterly. " ' Saiut-Gery,' began Roger, with a sigh, after he had emptied out his grief in tears, 'was from his very childhood possessed of a wild and ungovernable temper, closely bordering upon a disordered intellect. He had fallen madly in love with the daughter of one of his tenants, Aurore, as beautiful a creature as ever breathed ; but the girl feared him, nay almost loathed him, I think at times ; and yet he exercised a wonderful power over her, and when her father died and she was left alone in tho world Saint-Gery lured: her to this old chateau with the promise of marriage. For a year or so thoir happiness seemed to be complete, but gradually Aurore 'grew weary of tun long gloomy cprridars andvat, dis mal chambers \vftfi' tlie' repuls'ivc-lbokiiig Saint-Gery for gaoler, and made several attempts to escape. Failing in this she be came desperate, and at different times lured an old lover of hers to the castle. I knew of this, but had not the heart to tell Suint- Gery of it. Indeed, I feared that he might kill her in a fit of rago if it should come to his oars. One day, iiowever, returning un expectedly, he surprised the young man in Aurore's company. She was reclining on a sofa and he, kneeling beside her, as had been his custom when she was a child in her father's home, waB combing and braiding her wonderful hair. Saint-Gery fell upon the young man like an infuriated demon, and would certainly have killed him if I had not providentially been in tho chateau and rescued him from my master's clutches.. Now Saint-Gery's demeanor underwent a" still more sinister change. Ho became moody, silent and sullen. It was only too plain to me that he was plotting some terrible revenge upon Aurore. One day all the demons enchained iu his soul broke loose at the same instant. Seizing the terrified Aurore by the hair he dragged her —now so paralysed with fear as to be unable to utter a shriek or even a groan— to the lowest chamber of the ancient donjon-kcep, and there, with hideous cruelty, he first bound her hand and foot, and then, having securely woven the long thick strands of her hair into an iron ring in the wall, lelt her to starve. Ten days after, when he imagined that his devilish work had effected its purpose, he suddenly in formed me of his inteut to leave tho castle and never again to cross its threshold. I paid littlo heed to his wild words, and let him go without a syllabic of dissent. I had had my eye upon him all along. Fortunately thero was a secret underground passage leading to this dungeon prison known only to mc, Its existence hnd beon made known to me by my father. Through this I visited Aurora every night with food and drink, impressing upon her mind tho necessity of simulating Jeath in case Saint- Gery should enter the dungeon. This ho did on the tenth day, and hearing the clank of the bolts Aurora obeyed my injunction to the letter, rolled over on her face aud lay stretched stark and stiff on the stone floor. Saint Gory uttered a harsh breathing of relief and turned away. After the demon's departure I mado haste to release Aurore and entreated her to botake herself to a convent in the neighborhood, but so unfixed was her mind by the terrible experiences she had gone through that she refused to obey. On different occasions the tenants caught sight of a white figure with long flowing hair seated at the window in the moonlight and the chateau soon acquired the reputation of being haunted. At this period— it was about a year after Saint- Gery's departure thut you came for tho papers ' " 'Then it was not a beautiful spectre, ' I cried in astonishment, ' but Aurore herself in flesh and blood.' " ' Yes, my lord,' added Roger, with a sad smile ; ' in flesh and blood tho beautiful Aurore herself, the ill-fated mistress of Chateau Saint-Gery, who by chancs wan dered into the room while you were search ing for the papers.' ' " One day,' continued Roger, ' a curions idea flashed through my mind. It was that if I could only succeed in cutting off that glorious head of hair perchanco Aurora might recover her reason completely.' " This, my dear frinds, Roger now pro ceeded to do. Having administered a sleep ing potion to Aurore, lie sheared her of her glorious tresses, with a bold and pitiless hand, while she slept. .» » Rising to his feet tho marquis unlocked a panel closet and took out of it a silver casket, from which ho draw forth a long braid of golden hair made up of four strands, eacli alone quite thick enough to . satisfy any ordinary'diiughter of Eve. "These are the radiant tresses, gentle man," said the Marquis do la Tour- Samuel solemnly, " which belonged to the beautiful ghost of Chateau Saint- Gery, which I I combed on that eventful night, and which, I ween, would have mado Lady Godijt hido her head in bittar envy." The two friends of tho Marquis drew near almost reverently, felt tho braid and car- rcsscd it, pressing it first to their checks and then to their Hps. This done, they both fixed inquiring oyes upon tho Marquis, nnd, as one man, pronounced tho words, " And Aurore ?" "Roger's experiment was completely successful," replied their host. " Shorn of her ill-starred glory, Aurore soon recovered her reason and was easily persuaded to enter a religious house in another part of France, where, no doubt, she has long sinco fully atoned for her transgressions, if any Bhc committed, by prayer, contrition and repentance. "Peace, Aurora, to thy bruised heart if thou be living and rcBt eternal, rest to thy pure soul if thou art dead," murmured tho army officer, reverentially. " Amen ! Amen 1" responded tho two others, and then, as if with ouo impulse, they stretched out their hands and joined them in a triple grasp, while with their right thoy raised their glasses to their Hps. tlte end. 