THE CONSTITUTION BILL. A sort of field day was held in the Assembly on Tuesday with respect to the Constitution 13ill. without the evolu- tion of anything of particular impor- tance beyond the fact that ii is no iv left to the new Parliament to kick out the Bill, if. it is. passed, within (>0 days of the opening of the House. This con- cession is of course a sort of left-handed reference to the constituencies, but it .would perhaps have shown better taste bad the question of a new constitution been left entirely to the 'members who will, Tio.^r<et«rrieil^at the .next ceneral election. At present the position seems to be vere much like passing the measure first and asking the people's consent, not only afterwards but as an afterthought. Mr. MOISKHEAP asked very pertinently where, outside of Rock- hampton, could any sincere movement be shown to exist in favour of Pro- vincial Separation, but the hon. gentle- man forgot to enquire where in the North, outside of Townsville, there bari been desire expressed for any change whatever. A gallant attempt was made by Mr. MPKHAT to turn the Govern- ment flank by introducing the "three provinces" again, but the House is apparently resolved tn throw the Central District over and tho attempt failed. A further remark of Mr. MOKFHEAP'S is worth attention. He said it was a disgrace that only a bare quorum was present when such an important Bill was before the House, and we think, so too. it is generally a ticklish thing for the Legislative Council to cross swords with the Assembly, but if the Constitution Bill is shelved by tho Upper House it is more than likely the action would be warmly endorsed by the people. . "Where is the precedent of a Ministry, with only the subservient ghost of an Opposition to fight, alter- ing thc constitution with bare quorums in the dying days of. with fewoxcep tions, a most inglorious Parliament? There has been too mucli written about Lord KMTTSFOKP, Imperial Parliament, "Rockhampton Separation League, and Townsville Separation League, and too little about the people of either the Central district or the Xorth. In com- mon fairness and decency a straight- forward appeal should have been made to the people. 