THE JANUARY MAGAZINES. " The Horrors of Hunger " is the title of an- urgent cry for help- which a Russian gentleman in Samaria addresses to the British public in the pages of the Nineteenth Century. Twenty millions of peasants have lost their daily bread, and the scenes he describes in his own province are quite heartrending. Lord Rosebery's monograph on William Pitt is warmly eulogised by a critic who pronounces it to be unique, and to have been written by a statesman who possesses many of the fine qualities of the subject of his biography'. Earl Grey, in an article on protection, free trade, and fair trade, amply vindicates the fiscal revolution effected by Sir Robert Peel, and strongly recommends that Great Britain should firmly refuse to enter into any engagement or negotiations with other countries as to the duties they may levy upon British produce, or that the mother country may impose on their., Mr. Traill makes the startling statement that we have sixty-five minor , poets living, and he is at some pains to show that they are all really poets and looking at their number, and the quality of their verse, he thinks that " there is no escape from the miserable dilemma that either the poetic art is an affair of talent and not of genius, or that genius itself is not the great matter we had supposed it to be." The Earl, of Albemarle posts us up to date with respect to the latest methods and results of the electrical transmission of power, and more particularly in its application to practical mining work. Discussing the question of federation for naval defence, Lord Brassey enlarges upon the first that Imperial statesmen may now hold themselves free from anxiety for the defence of the coasts of the self-governing colonies and gives it as his opinion that it is undesirable for the Home Government to send forth any proposals for sweeping changes in the terms and conditions of the present happy partnerships between the mother country and the colonies." The empire, he remarks, " is bound together by links stronger than laws and constitutions can create ; we are bound together by a common history, language, and literature." Prince Kropotkin continues his studies of the primitive races of mankind, and seeks to show that the village community was a universal phase of evolution, and was anterior to serfdom ; succeeding and superseding the previous clan organisation. A discursive paper entitled "Mun, East and West, by the Box'. S. A. Barnett, written after a journey round the world, sums up the traveller's impressions of the people of India, Japan, and the United States, and states that he has come back more inclined to believe in his neighbour's own strength to help him- self and moresby of schemes which profess to help him. Mr. Acworth, who has written so much on railway matters, discusses the question of taxes on transport. His paper is to a great extent a summary of the details of French management, based on M. Polson's recently published Transports at Tariffs; and it shows pretty clearly that much may be learned from French experience and precedent with respect thereto. Three articles on the rural votes are contributed by Lord Thring, Mr. W. E. Bear, and Mrs. S, Batson respectively". The first considers that, in relation to the law, the land, and the labourer, elie law is not so much in fault as the administration of the law, and that this may be amended by creating district registers of title, and by making every county council a register office for titles and a sale office of land. The second is of opinion that small farming will pay, provided that the husbandman raises fruit, vegetables, and dairy produce, in addition to room and meat and the third under- takes to describe Hodge at home, that is to say as she knows him in Berkshire, and makes one very significant remark, and that is, that beer is the one great feature of the village life, and that if social reformers succeed in depriving him of this, the labourer will not have a single pleasure left in life. In the rmlnxifldly Review, Sir Charles Dilke criticises the foreign policy of Lord Salisbury), accuses him of truckling to Germany, and advocates the establishment of a good understanding with France coupled with strict neutrality as regards Continental complications A paper on the new astronomy, b) Sir R Ball, J? R S , acquaints us with the immense, services which the spectroscope is now rendering to that science, not merely by explaining the physical constitution of the heavenly bodies, but by advancing our knowledge of their move ments and he instances the discovery by it of the orbital movement of Algol, which used to be called the Demon Star, on account of the strange variations in its lustre, which are now ascertained to result from its periodical approach to and recession from the C of the observer, each movement occupy ing one day and 10 hours Some entertaining reminiscences of law or in northern Norway are contributed by Sir Henry Pottinger, whose description of the destruction of an elk raises more sympathy. for the animal than for the sportsman The second and concluding part of Mr Auberon Herbert s " Under the Yoke of the Butterflies," dissects with a light but firm hand the follies, frivolities, and inanities of fashionable souef), and points out higher ideals for pursuit, and a path of escape from the oppressive more ton) of a " life of nothing, nothing worth " in a strain of eloquent invective, ' Ouidiv ' denounces the work of desecration and of degradation which is going on in Rome and I formed, as well as elsewhere in Hal), by the demolition of its historical mansions, villas, and gardens, in order that " some ten) builder may raise his rotten walls, or some tradesman put up his plate glass front, of some dreary desert of rubble and stones delight the eyes of wise model mt) " Ittilj," she observes, " might be now, as she was in the past, the Muse, the Grace, the Artemis, and the Athens of the world, she thinks it a more glorious thing to be only one amidst a sweating mob of null lands, the mere imitation of a coarse and noisy crowd on the other side of the Atlantic, and the mere echo of the armed bully who dictates to her from the banks of the Spree " A kind!) and sympathetic notice of the poems of the late Philip Marston claims for them the unfailing characteristic of melody and asserts that they " take us into a world of fairy land which is like a revelation to as the writer of the article on the administration of justice in America not only exposes and reprobates a scandalous state of things, under which there is only one law, a law for the rich, and none for the poor, but declares that freedom is a delusion and independence a pretence in the United States, that public opinion has no means of expressing itself those, that the press is mercenary) and ser wife, and that there is really no responsible government. The country is the most heavily taxed on the face of the globe, and a protective policy is concentrating the wealth of the country in the hands of a small class of millionaires and impoverishing the misses. Mr. Swinburne enlarges upon the fine qualities of the " incomplete yet perfect poem " which Victor Hugo left behind him, under the title of Dieu, and points out how many points of resemblance it presents to the utterances of both Blake and Tennyson. Mr. Traill gives us a dialogue in the shades between Butt and Parnell, and makes it the vehicle for some caustic reflections on the conduct of Mr. Gladstone towards the latter. Speaking of his memorable letter, the ghost of Parnell is made to say, "He wanted and he waited for an outdoor agitation as an excuse for striking at mc ; but when the Pharisees among his followers had provided him with that he seized upon it with all the hurry of hate and fear. . . He welcomed the clamours to which he affected to yield with reluctance, and caught greedily at the opportunity of shaking off a confederate whom he could neither coerce nor cajole. It was not until Mr. Gladstone found me politically impossible, that it flashed upon the priests that I was morally reprobate. The cause of Ireland is lost. The priests and the place-hunters will sell the birthright of the nation to Gladstone for a, nicBa of official cottage." The infamous persecutions to which the Stundists are exposed in Russia are described with the utmost circumstantiality by Mr. E. J). Laman in the Contemporary Review. They have been guilty of the abominable crime of asserting their freedom to worship God in spirit, and of declaring the Saviour to be their only priest. Their lives are those of genuine Christiana. Crime is almost unknown among them. They feed the hungry, clothe the naked, care for the sick, and shelter the homeless. Therefore, in a hymn issued from the Government Printing-office, and distributed by the Archbishop of Kharkoff, the Church is adjured to "crush with eternal anathemas the outcast race of Stundists ;" and the Czar, whose rule is described as " by far the most terrible experienced since the days of Ivan the Terrible," orders this outcast race " to be flogged, fined, imprisoned, and subjected to life-long torture in the mines of Siberia. The details of the persecu- tion would be incredible were it not that they are so carefully authenticated. Discussing the failure of the Soudan Expedition, Mr. Archibald Forbes ascribes to General Lord Wolseley a singular infertility of expedient in a crisis demanding resource and ingenuity and asserts that the whole campaign was one of amazing ineptitudes, strange miscalculations, lost opportunities, wrecked transport, and squandered supplies. A posthumous essay on probability and faith, by the late Bishop of Carlisle, points to the conclusion that the two have been joined together by God, and that " a rational acceptance of the probable, accompanied or rather inspired by a divine element of faith, may be regarded as constituting the higher life of men, somewhat as body and soul combine to constitute humanity." The Rev. W. Tuckwell has been personally investigating the condition of the French peasantry, and the system of petite culture, and has returned profoundly impressed with the benefits of the latter and with the prosperous condition of the former. The average extent of the farms held by French cultivators is 10 acres, as against 380 in England. There are seven million land-owners in France, where the rural population constitute 75 per cent, of the whole, and they are a decent, well-to-do, hopeful, and independent class. But when the writer mentions that 8,500,000 emigrants have left England in GO years and only 500,000 have quitted France, he overlooks the fact that the population of the latter is stationary in point of numbers and clings to the country with a tenacity which is partly to be accounted for by a total lack of enterprise and an entire ignorance of the world outside of the peasant's own com- mune. Mr. Irving's revival of "Henry the Nightly is made the peg upon which Mr. F. H. Hill hangs a dissertation of a somewhat composite and miscellaneous character. Mr. F. Adams discusses the questions of capital and labour, socialism and individualism, and goes on to predict what will happen when the trades halls rule the country. "It will be a hell of mediocrity, pullulating into corruption and decadence at best a China, at worst an easy prey for the first incursion of a more vigorous stock." Writing on the subject of liberal theology in the church, Mr. T. C. Snow, giving the reins to a sanguine imagination, anticipates the arrival of a time when men will forget their differences of creed, and remember only their unity in the spirit." Sir C. G. Duffy publishes some letters addressed to him by the late Thomas Carlyle, and relates the substance. of conversations he held with him from 1815 downwards. The writer says he made notes of his talk daily, and finally offered them to him to read. Carlyle declined to accept the offer, but tacitly sanctioned the practice. The philosopher's opinions of some of the more distinguished of his contemporaries constitute the most interesting portions of his discourse as herein reported. - A comprehensive review of party politics in England during the last half century, by a contributor to Machiood, conducts the writer of it to the conclusion that the Conservatives will be alwayS called to office in the future, as they have been in the past, whenever Radicalism becomes aggressive, and hence the necessity of holding a party together which shall keep itself in touch with popular feeling for the preservation of the national institutions from decadence or ruin Mr Herbert Maxwell vindicates the pursuit of rational pleasure as perfectly legitimate, (leaving it to be the fitting together of desire and accomplishment,' and enumerating man of its numerous sources The immense obligations which Music is under to Mozart arc lucidly pointed out by Mr K T Crow est, who unhesitatingly asserts that this prince of harmony has done more for it than any musician who ever lived, and is, with the exception of Beethoven, the greatest composer the world has ever been borne "Sketches from I astern ravel ' deal with a lingerie) ed subject in a the roughly hackneyed manner, and are not worth the space they occupy and the interest of the article on fowler's and w had few ling will he more freely acknowledged by sports men than by the general reader According to the writer of the paper entitled "Cricket and Cricketers, the game in Australia is " entirely in the hands of speculators and bookmakers," who occupy the pavilions in Sydney and Melbourne, while the ground is " filled with roughs and rowdies," and players and spectators are " deficient in the temper and self control which enable gentlemen and sportsmen to show the same equanimity in defeat as in a victory ' In the concluding article, on The Outlook of the New Year," the great benefits which a Conservative Go \crnmcnthu8 bestowed upon the nation are put forward as an argument for strenuous efforts to keep it in effect the next general election so that little may be a continuance of peace abroad and plenty at home, reduced taxation and diminished expenditure, with an increasing respect among foreign nations for the power, moderation, and unambiguous foreign policy of Great By team 'The. Jf/fií/aziHe of it gives us some specimens of the work, accompanied by firemen of "the prince of crayon portrait painters, John Russell, RA, a contemporary) of Reynolds, whose influence especially) trace able in the children painted by this artist An entry m Russell a chair), in 1771, curiously illustrates the manners and morals of the tunes "Spending the evening at the Royal Academy), but obliged to leave because of their filthy) conversation An illustrated article on house architecture shows the improvement which it has undergone of late years in England although the examples up on are by no means, the best which might have been selected for the purpose Soi be of the t choicest pictures in the » inter I In bitions and in the Dulwich Gallery are engraved and described and there is an interesting account of some Greek antiquities excavated on the shores of Lake Near a few years ago, and recently presented to the Nottingham Art Museum by Lord So the One of the most curious of the objects is in 1 to as can mask made of blue green, and) chow kiama, very archaic in character 'J tmplt Hat begins the new year with two fresh serial stones, a complete novelette and a judicious selection of miscellaneous articles, including a gossiping paper on married poets by Mrs. Andrew Crosse, and a belated notice of AmielB "Dial), which was published in Geneva eight years ago A biographical essay) on Minbeau brings into prominence the essential facts of his meteoric carter and the dominating qualities of his strange character, as well as the domestic influences which shaped the latter A memoir of the life of the conqueror of Scinde, based on Sir William Butler's re ci ntly published biography, compresses the substance of the latter into nine judges and the reader of them will find no difficulty in acquit being in Carlyle's estimate of the " lyre e) el lier) man,' namely, that he had "the spirit of an old knight in I him 