The Storyteller. THE MYSTERY OF | FERN LEIGH. By PeikvComvnk. (CnutinurH from Saturday'* ) ' It's a-inany years since the Carrs came to live at 4l;crnleigh' — five-and- twenty and more — the master and missis and young lady — Miss Jessie that is — she was only a tiny one then — and a happy time they had till tlie master— lie was a army captain — met with mi accident, so they said, and died.' ' Where? ' In there, sir— in your bath room ' 41 All ! then it was, after all, no mere fancy,' involuntarily posted through my mind. ' Lor' bless me,' he continued, *' I nover seen anyone take on so as the missis did — so did the young lady. But time, as they scz, heals a sight o' trouble, and iu time lltay settles down a bit — but never seemed to git over it like, you know, sir, and never kept no company, nor received visits, until nine or ten years ago, the captin, who had been the master's oldest friend, came to spend a few weeks with 'em. All 1 lie was a nice gentleman, he wore — a nice gentleman— and that kind.' Here Marlowe relapsed into taciturnity, his countenance assumed a dreamy, far-off expres sion, and, positively, his eyes became suffused, 1 saw that the poor fellow was genuinely moved, and for awhile did not venture to dis turb his thoughts. Presently 1 said, by way of encouragement to proceod— ? 44 Take your time, take your time, I'm in no hurry/ ' Thus recalled to tho present, lie resumed— ' He hadn't been here many days before we heard that he was going to give up seafaring altogether, and was going to settle down in this {-lace. O' course we thought he was going to ivo at the missises' but soon fosnd he wasn't going to do nothin' of the sort, but was going to buihl, and under that there cliff was just the very place. They quarried out the stone, and with it built 4 Palmgrove/ and the captin made 'em leave them big ribs o' rock, to form wallscs for the greenhouse, and roofed 'em in, as you've seen, and a prettier place no one will never see, as you can testify, sir.' I nodded acquiescencc. 'Well, the ladies and the captin waB Wong derful thick, they was, aud when the ladies wasn't with the captin, tbe captin he was with tbe ladies. Two's company and three's none, they say, and te it seemed, for when the young master came home from Oxford they all paired off quite natural like, and o' course, everybody thought tho missis and the captin anu the young kvdy und Mr. Horace was sweet upon one another, but p'raps everybody was wrong, as everybody always is. Ilowsomever, they was all as happy as the day until a few years ago, whon tbe missis she fell 111 and the dootor otylaucd her away to the seaside. Course, tho captin be must go, too, aud 'scortod 'em to I«ie of Wight— Ventnor it was— a pretty little fish ing village they said. It was arranged tbat Sir. I Horace, who had just come home fagged with study, should stay behind to put things straight, and go down on the Saturday to stay with 'em.' 44 Were they not,' 1 here interrupted, J1 were they not afraid to leave their homes with so many valuables?' 14 Not they, we never hoars ot no housebreak ing in this part of the country, we don't. 'Sides, they ain't the sort o1 thing* as could be turned into money without a heap o' trouble— which is just what thieves don't care about taking. 14 Well, the Friday come round, and Mr. Horace he conics to mo, and he soe, * Tom,1 he sea, * l loeiB a oitsoeuy, anu iiiiuk in » turn with the gun.1 He wasn't no shot, he wasn't, and was too tender-hearted to da any harm, but livin' in the country, liked to be thought a bit of a sportsman. 4 I'll give n look into 14 Fernleigh' before I goes to bed,' he He&, 4 aad be off first thing to*merrow, 6pry as a lark.' ' 41 'Twas the last I ever seen of the poor young master, and from that day to tViis no one hasn't nover elapsed eyes upon him, far as I know.' 44 What! nothing ever heard of him ?' i A ractancholy shake of the head was his only i reply. | ' He'd promised to look in before he started - next morning, to leave the keys of coin cot tages, and o' course we was put about that he didn't, but thought he was a bit late, and hadn't time to come, and had carried 'em dflf, but meant to send 'em on, but he didn't, and on the We'nsday morning — 'twas two days' post between us— I got, instead of the keys, two letters with the Isle o' Wight post mark on 'em —one for the ysung master and one for me. This looKed queer — very queer— and 1 tore mine open in a bit ot a flutter, jest. Sure enough it was a letter from the captin, begging me to send off a letter at once, to tell him why Mr. Horace hadn't come down on Saturday, and asking if anything was wrsng. Twas written in an awful fright. I could ⅇ plain, and gave me sich a turn as X never had before. I knew something had happened, and was afraid that, not being used to a gun, the young gentleman he'd had an accident. So off I started for the wood, which 1 regerly scoured, but not a vestige of him could I find, no' corns asross anyone that had Been him. Well, course I eouldn't do nothing but write and tell the captin, and then, getting help, started off again tor the woods and quarries, but 'twas tho some story over again. We stuck to it though, we did, with dogs, too, until the Friday evening, when, jist as I expected, who should turn up but the captin hi6self. In mortal fear he was — and first thing hv docs is wail out— 44 Tom, where's my boy — my dear boy? Have you found him ?' ' I couldn't find it in my heart to say no, sir —couldn't do it. He knew fast enough what my silcnce meant — and ses, 4 Have you searched the cottages,' he ses.' 14 No, I couldn't get in— Mr. Horace had the the keys, I ses. * Ah 1' he ses, 4 and why didn't you hrtak in— but there, p'raps you was right. Well, I've brought the duplicates with me, I thought they'd be wanted — let's go in — quick.' 1 follered him as fast as I could, for he a'most run, he did— and he opened the door of his own house. Everythink was quite tidy and undisturbed like, and there was the little con | per kittle on the trivet, and the fire ready laid I in the grate, and the breakfast things ready set i — which my wife had done it all, so that all he ! would have to do in the mornin' was to put a light to the fire and set on the kittle — for the sen-ants had been sent off several days before — and the things had never been used — neither liadn'tthc fire been lighted — so it was proof that he'd never been back home since I iast saw him. But the captin, he goes all over the house, opens every cupboard, and looks under every bed, and then ses — ** * Tom,' he says, * git tne the lantern — I must go over 44 Fcrnleigh' — p'raps he's been in there.' Well, we turns the key in the lock, and I gets a turn, for sure enough the first thing we sees, soon as tke door was opened, was - Mr. Horace's gun a standing in tlie corner, close alongside the doer — 'twas loaded too. and hadn't been used. This looked black, this did. How the poor «aptin's voice trembled when he said, * My poor boy — he's i-omewlicre in here, r.o doubt Tom,' be ses, quite calm like, *give mr the lantern, and stay where you arc— I'd prefer to go alene.' There wasn't no disobeying the captin, there wasn't- -he was that used to coin- i mand — and so I handed him the lantern, and listened to his footsteps as lie went from room j to room, hut ne'er aery came— nor the ghost of 1 any oflier sound 'cept when he called out | * Horaae !' So to ke- p cheerful like, I triad to i hum tic * Mistletoe Dough' — but it was a sorry , sort ?' try. for my heart was full. Bymc-by I j heart hi* footsteps coming down the stairs, j and he stepped into the garden, aud shet the ; door behind us— but ne'er a word did be speak, : and I follered him without speaking ncyther. 1 1 r-ar'*n't ask hini no questions, fsr if he had : found him o* course ftr'rf a let me know fast j enough. Well, we got Into 1 Palmgrove' — j and' ? 1 llcie Marlowe ceased awhile — nor did 1 ven ture to break iu upon his reflections until some few minutes had elapsed, when, by way of re suming anbroken the thread sf his narrative, 1 i asked, 44 And what did he say, when once indoors ?' *4 Say, sir, say ! There wasn't no noed for miyiutf nothlnk— his foofc was quite enosgli— / never seen such a change in a man in so short a time before— never ; lie was that white- well a ghost would be a fool to it. For along time we neyther of us didn't speak, but at last he ses I — sepulchral like — 4 Tom,' he ses, 4 I'm a dead man.' Didn't I give a start jist— was a corpse I a talkin' to me, really ? But I hadn't time to think, for he continues, ' I've had a call — my poor boy's gone, sure enough.' ' ' What,' 1 asked, 44 did he mean by a call ?' ' Why, a call from the other world, o'course. Being a sea-captain, aUho' brave as a lion, be was brimful o' superstition — he were— and never seemed to care for darkness on land— though I've heard he didn't mind it a bit at sea. Now, while he was in 1 Fernleigh' the clock struck twelve, and 'twas jist at that very moment he declared that be had heard a voice — an awful voice — but in tt he could rekernisc that of Mr. Horace. He listened and listened, and pn sently thought be lieaad it again, but a goodiili bit farther off, as if the being speakin' was going a sight farther away. He thought it said 4 Come to me, father— come to me* and then it said no more, and he declared he'd seen a vision of the young master— but seemed so thiok like about i(, that I've always thought i he'd worked hisself up to a pitch, and had mis* taken his own shadder for a ghost. But, there, I couldn't convince him that both vision and vol gc was all a 'Jusion — he felt so certain about it, and that a spirit from another world had summoned him away. Well, poor gentleman, he insisted that I should leave him all alone, and after 'stracting from ins that we'd heard one uncommon sound, he bid me good night.' 44 And had you, then,' 1 eagerly demanded, ' had you heard anything unusual ?' i ?' well, it might a been lancy— or it might ont— it camo about in this way you know, sir. 'Twas on a Saturday night when Mr. Horace disappeared. 1 was sound asleep, and was woke up bv my wife, who vowed she'd heard a blood-curdling night-shriek. At first she thought 'twas a 'took o' nightmare— seein' she'd had a Welsh rabbit for supper— and not likin' to disturb ino she'd listened and listened till she hoard it ojjoin— then all of a tremble she couldn't lay there no longer, but wskcB mo up. Well, up I gets and opens tho window and listens too ; for a timo I don't hoar nothing, but presently catches— a goodiBh wajr off— a dolesorac wall — but it doscn't come again, and the sereeoh owl's music's pretty loud hard by— so conolude that after all 'twas that, and crept into bed again. My wife declared that it wasn't thoogu, and te this blessed day sticks to it that it was a warnin'. But boart alive I what's the good o' ghostes and sech like givin' warains if they don't put you in ihe way ot 'sc&pln;' tbe danger about you ?— that's what 1 want to know.' t quite agree with Marlowe. C//i bono— these premonition of impending danger, calamity, or revelation, when then fall to point out tho quarter from whence they mny be ex* pected, and naught avail to avert tho threat* enod peril ? But to return to Marlowe's story — I he resumed. , {To coniludci in Saturday's itsue.) 