REAL GHOST STORIES. (From the Jtetiem o/ Hevieivs.) a doctor s ghost. The Vicar of Ryton, near Coventry, sends me the following two narratives, in each of which the ghost of the dead was seen by two witnesses : — A daughter of Dr. ri., a physician, wno over 30 years ago practised at King's Lynn, married a medical man and sailed with him to Jamaica, leaving her father in poor health in England. A child was born, and when about three years old was brought back to this coun try, her mother being summoned home by the news of her father's dangerous condition. Dr. H. died the very day his daughter arrived at Southampton. He had shown great anxiety about his daughter and her child, and was most desirous of seeing them before it was too late. Of course the daughter's regrets were extremely, poignant. In fact, it was sorrow upon sorrow, for she had left her husband in Jamaica, as she had before left her father in England, in very precarious health. One night, a few weeks after Dr. H. was buried, his daughter had gone to bed with her mother, the child sleeping between the two. Mrs. H. was also fast asleep, but the young wife and mother was lying wide awake, sorrowfully thinking, not of her father, but ot her husband, of whose health she had recently had very bad accounts. It is important to bear this in mind, for there was nothing then in her thoughts to suggest what took place. Some time about midnight, a night light burning by the bedside and faintly revealing the furniture of part of the room, leaving the door and corners in deep shadows — she was startled by seeing the door open and a figure which she at once recognised as that of her father, ap pear out of the darkness and walk noiselessly to the foot of the bed, where it stood for some time, looking quietly, now at her, now at the child. The face was pale, gentle, pas sionless, but wore an expression of great love and benignancy, and also of satisfied desire. Not a word was exchanged between father and daughter. In fact there seemed no need of speech. For the time soul was speaking to soul in a language more pregnant of mean ing than any the tongue could use. How long this silent intercourse continued I am unable to say. All. at once the child woke, stretched out its little arms, and cried out " Dada, Dada 1" At the sound the ghost, wraith, or simulacrum of Dr. H. vanished. Mrs. H., who had been half awaked by the cry of her grandchild, muttered drowsily, " What did she say ? was she calling for her father ?" Her daughter made some indifferent reply fo the question, whereupon Mrs. H. turned on her side and went fast asleep again. It was not till the next morning that the vision of the night was mentioned, with what solemnity and tears of the two ladies it was needless to say. a midwife's tale. Our first child was born in a wild out-lying "moorland parish of East Lancashire. The good woman who ministered to my wife was a fine old specimen of Lancashire simplicity of manners, natural shrewdness, kindness of heart, and generosity of disposition. The fol lowing incident, which she; told my wife just as simply and unemphatically as if it had been of every-day occurrence, may therefore be re lied on as if it had been swQrn to in a couit of justice. Betty had had her troubles. Her husband had been, an extravagant, and, I think, intem perate man, and had caused her many sor rows and even fears. When he died her life was happier, and her children were good to . her. Some of them married, some went to service. She was left alone with one boy, and he, poor lad, became consumptive, taking at last to his bed and being waited on night and day by his poor mother. It was in the last stage of his illness, when Betty was almost worn out by her nursing, that the following incident occurred. One afternoon the boy — he was a good, kind-hearted young fellow — observing his mother's fatigued looks, en treated her to lie down on the bed beside him and get a few hours' sleep. " I shan't want anything, mother,'' said he, " so you may as well lie down." Betty was reluctant to do so ; but at last complied with the lad's request and was soon fast asleep. In her sleep she dreamed that her husband came to the foot ot the bed and, like Dr. H in the other story, stood looking down quietiy on his wile and child. She — such are the suggestions of dreams when they awake old memories — fancied that he was flying from justice, and began to earnestly beseech him to go upstairs and hide himself in an old closet in the top room. He took no notice of her agonised entreaties ; but after casting a long affectionate look at the boy, left the room as silently as he had entered it. Betty, after this, sank into a deep sleep, and when she awoke, though she remembered the vision as sharply as though it had been a reality, said nothing about it to her son, but got him his tea, made his bed, and went about the room as usual. Great was her surprise when . he quietly re marked, "Mother, I've seen father." Her heart gave a leap, but she put sufficient con trol on herselt to say with indifference, " Thou mun have been dreaming, lad." "Nay," was the answer, " I was noan dreaming, but as wide awake as thou art this minute. He came to th' foot of th' bed and looked a gradely bit both at thee and me. What does it all mean, dos't think ?" The boy died not many weeks after this. I believe that to the last he always affirmed the reality of the vision, the fact that he was wide awake and with all his senses about him, and that it was really his father who had come to warn him of his impending death. a suicide's apparition. A correspondent in Canonbury had a some what terrible experience. He saw the face of a friend who committed suicide : — One even ing about 18 months ago, just as I had extin guished the gas and got into bed, I became aware of an appearance floating towards me. It was apparently unsupported in the air, and took the form of an irregularly shaped mass, having a pinkish tint. Within the space of two or three seconds it resolved itself into a ghastly face, all streaked with blood, especi ally on one side. I remember most clearly the fair matted hair, and the truly horrible though placid expression of the face. My heart seemed to cease beating, and my whole existence felt suspended. The apparition faded as it came, leaving on me a deep impression which I was unable to shake off for dcJys afterwards. Imagine my surprise on hearing about a week afterwards, that an acquaintance, by name Ludwig F , had on that very night committed suicide by shooting himself through the head with a revolver in Epping Forest. Naturally T connect the two events, i , \ more especially as the characteristics of the faces agree in every particular, although at the time I saw the head no likeness suggested. itself to me. I am sorry I cannot supply the exact date but this might be ascertained from the Ching- ford or Woodford local paper, in one of which I know a report of the inquest appeared. 