| BBStTLTS OF BATCIBDaY'S MATCHBB. B Lannoa-ton(95)v. Ksk (Sve for 49) ? Sunrise (101) v. Oaatrorke (three for 21). ? 'Telegraph/1 (91) v. King's Meadowa (six ? for IB). ? Nil Dc^pctandum (138) TifOu Boys (two I The hut Senior Association natch of tbe §1 'mason was oommenced on the Association M Ground last Saturday, the Launceston trying 8 final conclusions with the Eat A great deal B of time was wasted before the Lnuncaston, SP «.Un IiaJ nmn *\ia Inn nnnf 4n *-a 1u4- f-t.*!. captain — Bailey — causing some surprise by bvring the wicket rolled, tiuragh to all ap. pearanoes, Gorman had not failed in his pre ? paration of a wicket quite good enough to ' tattntjntbon who ?nrreiwiUj nniious to play criokefw « legitimate 'game. Oonsidertng the light ts bad towards the time eel down Cor drawing the stumps, the winners of the ttoM gained an unfair advantage over their ?opponent*. The Bcorisg was not up to moch, til ) total only reaohSng 96. 6trange to say there was a big contest for top eoorer. four totals of 18 heading the list, one being 'Byes,' which gives one an idea that a wiefcet keeper Is wanted for the Esk. The veteran J. Martin, with Davis and Murray, were those who did the principal 'part of the batting, wMle seven ftatancn including the brothers Bavlgny and Bailey only got 11 runs between them. The bowling ana fielding was not at euch exoellcnbe bb to warrant the poor display of batting, but cricket is of «o varying a nature on our local ground that nt 4tai.'-a it forms a matter of little eurpriBo that raaily good batsmen should fall to pieces so suddenly. Windsor* live wickets for 37 will improve his av?ragc*a bit. The Esk opened their innings very badly, tor five of their wickets fell before 20 bad been icorod, the ' partnership of Bock -md Wcstbrook, however, altered the state of atfairs, for they added 39 between them, tbe former laying on the wood nioely notwithstanding the disadvant age of placing under a bad light. These two batsmen Are not out, and perhaps will besblc to pull the match into a safer position for the JLA lhan it appears to ba at present. The match of the day amongst the juniors was that between the Gasworks and the flnnrise, the position occupied by these two olubs being euch as to oroate an exciting interest in the result oC the match. As a sequel, the state of the game at the oon olusion of the day's play justified the antici pation that * 'good even contest would be Been. Tbe score of the Bunrise reached three figures— just, one run more than they jmt togutlwr when last they met the game oppocenrs — but the principal portion of this ; toUtl was lfcft to three batsmen to make. Frenter was in luckB way in rcAchtnp the top i ot the list, for he should have becu given run I out before he had scored half a dozen, an ! error of judgment on tbe part of the umpire ? giving him a life, while the bad ficldine helned him along a bit. Craib, who got 22 played a really good Rame, and bis run out wati unfortunate for him. Atherton, like % the laet named, was also run out through no | fault of his own, and biB disposal came as a H Tcliet to the Gasworks for he was well set. I his total of 20 being obtained by sound ? cricket without tbe ghost of a dunce, while | with his companion be caused just on half a I century to be put on the bonk. The Gaa \ works have already lost three wlokets for 21 \- rons, but as this is an improvement on their ^nwiuns rate of Booring for the Bame number \ »af wickets] sgalnst the Sunrise, there is no falling wbat they will do before the last man retires. The bowling talent of tbe gasmen was well worked upon, thoogh eoma of the changes did not seem to give unmixed satis faction, and a slight want of harmony was in extatenoe. The scoring on the l'ark last Saturday was verj- good amongst the clubs which completed ?tiicir first innings ; two teams got over th? i hundred and the third came pretty close to r (hat number. Of the former the Kits reached ' tbe highest tote], and providfd a halt century ? oorer In the shape of J. Conway. His batting performances thiB season bave b°en of a very oonsistent nature, and his different booths , bave been obtained by good cricket. Last week he tad rather a lucky innings, and was ;' tnteeed by tbe B&me; fieldsman twice in : fiucceBBion before he bad got many rnnB to i hia credit. Bert Jordan put 25 np in nice ' style, while Frost was only three runs behind ' him. At call of time the Our Boy* had made : afaimtart, aBi with ordinary luok should i render a better account of themselves ' h:lu \ they d d in their previous match with the I Hili ;% To Symnnds and O» Ion is due the credit of ?'? fiuivhing the ' Telepraph' score this side of the century. Half of the batsmen had !ieen disposed ot for a total of 82. the aid of seven -^ bowlers having been oalled in to produce 3 that cSect hut the trundling of tre two ^ mentinned brongbt the remainder of the ?: wickets down for ft runs. Alick Pcatt tipped , the Bcore sheet with 31 runs, the oontriuutioa I of Thjne, 26, b'ing got in a meritorious 1 manner. A Tevelc-in was the only one f in addition to reach double figures, a par ;. tlonlarly good catch disposing of him when '?i be had got a dozen A procession was ; formed when the King's Meadows went to the wickets, the cauce of it being Hcott. who xeemrd to be on the spot with the ball. Tho ~A nine overs sent down by the two ' Telegraph' ^ bnwlc» got. rid of nix batam-jn f(tr 16 runs k: and unless thopn left to go in do better thu ^ men of thu tfeadtws will receive a big doing. '^ The fina match for the Victorian premier -£? Bhip pennant was continued on the Mel % boiirue Orlcket Ground on Saturday nfter %? noon between Mclhou.-ne and South M«l 'S. bonrne in tho p-esence of some 4000 spec 't|| tators. On the l!th March, the aftornoon ^ the match was commenced, Melbourne ha-i li closed their innings for 181 inns, »avon ^. wiokete having fallen, and the ground bdni; '.5e in vptv hxA nrripr. Bl&ckham; anonted this tactic in the hope that his bow era would he enabled to get rid of a few of the South Melbourne batsmen cheaply before the time of drawing the Btumps. lu this he was not Buccersfnl, ai at the conclusion nf the fir&t; day's play only three wiukets of the fiosth had fillen for 74. With only 68 mn» to heat the total set by Melbourne, South con tinued their innings on Haturrtay, and altbo -ph the day was bright and tin wicket good, they made a poor i-tand against the bowling of Trumble and M'Leod, the total score oily rcacbinR 118, or 18 runs behind their (tnponents. In thfi sfcond Innings of the M.lbiurno two wickets have Ven lost for 85 runs. The match will be continued and ronclided this afternoon, and the probahMries ate creatly in favor of the M.elbtvimc earning tbe contest on the result ot the first innings. With reference to thi' Melbourne V. South Melbourne match the Argus paje:— Tho and, assuming Melbourne to have won tbe match on the first innings, they would be. still equal with South Melbourne in the reaordH, each having lost but o^e miteh. The possession of the pennant hofl therefore to be decided by averages, and in this respect it Is understood South Melbourne holds a Blight advantage. A point hns been raised a match between South Melbourne and St. Ellda, abandoned after one day's play, but tbe association have declined to consider the protest until the abtttlut' necessity of doing so arises. Apart from this, the position, as far as it oould tc ascertained at the corn was that a Bcorc of 180 runs vould— pro- vided t-'outk Melbourne are unable to farther improve the'r ivrnRe — **'in the pennun* The prsltinc 'B an unPsticfactory one to poy the lfKst of it. und Is almost jure to involve a wrangle before the aaEocittinn, Tin general feeling i' that, the bol'or cour*. would have been f-T the two elevens to )-?'-}' a UirFr. days' mateh for tl:c pennant during the Easter holidays, and bo settle the difficulty in cricketers1 fashion. Thto cannot be done, however, as several ottheH»3Ing players are to visit Hay doting Saster An unfortunate aciidonfoecntiedto L. Stewart in the match Launeeston t. Esk last Saturday. In fielding a j,,]] i,0 clipped and file Easter trip of the NU Desper»ndum to Hobart has nnfortunately fallen tbromgfh, owing to tbe inability of the Southerners to K«t their team together to play during the Holidays. The Nil, were anrionsly looking forward to this trip, ai past Tfclts to Hobirt have always been of a pleasurable natun; the kind treatment meted out to them com ffin^eSTfcen1^^7 8^'Uy W~ wii - '-PW' of a junior dub stopped 'omin ^m u tns a pijooi -» and also to raark 11 -nrAball whlcli w«b being. Idoked on the park.—Ttat Harry Atherton made a brilliant Mtrnupt to cateh Dicky Borko but tailed ? That complaints were frequently made about the grumbling of a player In, Oio Nib v. Our Boys match.— That a certain Gasman made a record on Saturday for fumbling the ball. —That tbe leading junior averages for batting are 2- and 20 renmctively.— That )unsora who like to bs known as writers of letters should keep their secret to themselves. That a wicket-keeper threatened to 'make an old woman' of a barracker who laughed at his unfruitful appeals.— That a King's Meadows man wouldn't field to the bowling of the three brothers of tbe team. As there is a probability of the North v. South [match being limited to two date, on acmunt of the inability of some of the Northern players to get an extra day with the Baster holidnjB, might 1 suggest the aarimblenefB of starting the game at 10 o clock sharp, which would give an oppbr tnnlty 61 -having- *he matoh. playe* out instead of the unsatisfactory draw which Is likely to be the rapdt a the old time of com mencing fe n£!fered to. With pleasure I note that Mr Alf . Tyson -fr«4 united in m.irriage to Mifs Ads Monils, daughter of jjne ot our most mpeited towns men. Quiet and unpsmnlng, the captain of the NiIb made Mends with everyone, his Elarity amongst cricketers showed itself re number who put in appearanoe on nesday last at Obriet Church, whore he was married. The happy pair left by the Ooogee for Victoria during the Btternoon for theit honeymoon, and Mr Tywaa fellow clubmen gave him a hourly send-ou' with lice as an additionnl mode of conveying their best wishes for his future happiness. 