GENERAL NEWS. Toowoomba Building Society No. 6. — The regular monthly meeting of the share holders of this Sooiety was held yesterday evening, when the sum of £255 17s 3d was paid in, which was disposed of at nine per cent. Toowoomba Lunatic Asyittm. — Last week's report : — In tho house at last report, 05 males, 125 females; sinco admitted, 1 male ; died, 1 feraalo ; remaining, 220. The medical superintendent acknowledges with thanks the receipt of parcels of illustrated papers from Mr. E, W. Robinson and magszines from the Rev. W. Higlett for tho uso of tho patients. Crown Land S alb.— Yesterday at 11 o'clock Mr. Commissioner Warner sold tho following lands by public auction : — Lot 1, 35a 22 3Gp on the weat side of the Warwick line, near where it crosses King's Creek, upset prico £160 15a; R. C. BiBhop, purchaser at the upset. Lot 2, Ida 19p about 2 miles wosterly from Murphy's Creek railway station, upset £27 5s ; Richard Savage junr., purchaser at the upset. Snrvey fees on lot 1, £0 6s, on lot 2, £3 3s. j in addition, the purchaser of lot 1 had to pay £11 6s 10d. for improvements. Toowoomba Tubf Club. — Tho nomina tions for the winter meeting of the T. T. C. will befouud in another column and must be considered very sntiifactory. There are 14 horses for both Shorts and Club Handicap, 18 for the Clifford Plato, 19 for the Welter, 20 for tho Town Plate, whilo the Juvenile Stakes has tempted 11, and tho John Peel brings up tho rear with 8. Before we go to press these figareB may ho considerably swollen by nominations received by the handicapper, Mr. J. H. G, Pountney, in Brisbane and transmitted by wire. Tns Weathee. — A change from the biting wintry winds of last week to almost summery weather took place on Monday when moist easterly winds prevailed all day. During tho night n regular Seotch mist abut down on Toowoomba, 11 poiuts of moisture being thns deposited. About twice that quantity feii about the coast, from where heavy showers vere reported yesterday. The mild weather continued yestanlny aud last night, and according to Mr. Wragge's forecast may be expected to remain some dayslODger. uiZBTTED. — l no undermentioned men are struck oft tho icrengtb of A Company for non attendance at drill, Regulation 195 to be com lied with : — Corporal \V. P. Copp, Privates W. K«ane, J. Gray, E. Archer, \V. Moor, and R. Snell. The following officers have passed their examinations for tho rank they at present hold: Captain Graham, Lieutenants Stephens, Barlow, Brodie, and Bvans. Constable M. AlcCnbe is appointed acting clerk of petty sessions aud inspector of slaughter houses aud of cattle intonded for slaugtiT at Jondaryan ia the room of Senioi Const'ible W. H. Wade, transferred. J. W. G. Callanan, clerk in the Toowoomba Pont Oflici'B ia transferred to Rockhampton, vice P. L. Harvey, deceased; H, G. Heymano and R. Preshney, both of Toowoombo, have been registered as duly qualified.- medical prac titioners. Gone bob a Holiday.— On Monday even ing Dr. Garde left by the mail train to catch the Jumna which sailed next day. A large number of people gathered on the platform to see the popular doctor off, and great was the handshaking and many were tho wishes for his safe journey, pleasant experiences, aud happy return. As the train steamed out three cheers wore called for tho doctor and responded to with great heartiness, more liko three times three being givon. Dr. G-arde, as stated by us some time ago, intends to enjoy himself with dog and gun pretty liberally during bis holiday, but this will not preclude him from visiting tho hospitals of the three kingdoms and picking up everything that is new and worth learning in the world of medical science. His trip will extend over six months. Mb. Abtiiub O. Sachse.— The paragraph reprinted in last Saturday's issue from Melbourne Table Talk with referenca to the above named gentleman is in some respects incorrect. The lato Dr. Sachse practised the medical profession for some considerable timo in this town, and, as will ba remembered by many an old Toowoombaitc, waB an extremely clever practitioner though somewhat eccentric. He died at a ripo old nge in almost destitute circumstances, leaving a daughter and two sons. Sir. Arthur O. Sachso had for some time before tho breaking up of the family, whicU occurred on tho death of tbo father. been a pupil in tho collego or the, lato Rev. R. Thackeray, BA. of Trinity College, Cambridge, and it was to the magnanimous kindness of this teacher that he owed his education. Tbo two brothers left for Brisbane shortly after, sinco which one of them seems at least to havo been successful, and, will, like many anothor old Toowoomba boy, testify to tho excellence of the seminary run under tbo roof of tho Immigration DepSt and tho supervision of it popular and kind-heartec1 teacher in the older days. Hie Jacet. — Thus Table Talk on tho de funct Molbourne daily: — The] announcement made by the Melboarno Daily Telegraph on Tuesday, May 3. that that was its hist issue, was not a surprise to anyone in Australia, and, indeed, the wonder is that it had lasted so long. In its origin it had every reasonable probability of success, as its pritno movers woro men of proved ability and long practical exporicuce. No journal could wish for moro efficient men at tbo head or each depart ment than Mr. Howard Willoughby, us editor, Mr. Somerton as manager, and Mr. Purso na accountant. Tbo paper desorved success, and it obtained it, aud retained tbo public favour till tho new management appointed in 1883, which was composed of men who Beemed to think that capital was tho one and only requisite for successful journalism. They commenced a courso of extravagance in the office which fell littlo short of recklcssueos, while lit the same time they weakonod tbo power of tho journ 0 by a foolish attempt to coipbiuo tho editorial chair with the Prcsbyierian pulpit. Jt was clcnr, except to a few fiinntico, that uuch a courso could only lend to tho financial iMsutitur, which has now taken place, Tho Telegraph lost its hold on tho public, decadence set ir., and tho process though slow, waa none tbo less euro. After enduring death in lifo under tho now managomont for about nine yearn, it quietly gave up tlio ghost on Tuesday, Cotjisbing. — By Bclvnrtisomedt in another column it will be Been that a meeting will hn held in the Tuinpi'rauce Hall this evening at 8 for the purpose of forming u coursint; club. As bettur country tlmn the Hurling Downu could not be selected for this popular sport, and hares aro now becoming only too plentiful, it is surprising Toowoomba did not boast such a club bffore tbis. Sold at Last. — A cable message rcooived on Saturday by th Quedislind National Bank from ita London brunch conveys (snya the Conner) tho gratifying news that the unsold balnucu of the Treasury bills held there had been placed at a price that will yield about , 4i per cent per annum to the buyers. Tho first issue amounted to £500,000, and it is tha balance of that issue which lias been sold, in addition to the several parcels disposed of in the colonv. It will be soon that our own :ahlc message this morning says that colonial stocks continue to get firmer, and that there is i bettor fooling all round. Newsi-apeb Postage.— South Australia, in which newspaper postage has existed for many years, has until lately carried unstamped newspapers belonging to colonies whero no such duty existed. Only two of theso now romain in Australasia, New South Wales and Tasmania, and the Adelaide authorities sud denly made up their minds on the 26th of last month that they would carry no more papers under auch conditions after the end of the month. Tho notico was too short for slow going N.S.W., so that batches of unstamped newspapers found their way to tho southern colony aftor the dato named, were each sur. charged a penny, and almost invariably refused by the subscribers. Mr. Kidd, the N. S. W., P. al. G., vainly implored the S.A. Government to postpone the new arrangement for a fortnight. Tbo consequence is that the Ade laide post ofiico has waste paper for sale, and free postage of newspapers is restricted within tho confines of New South Wales and Tasmania. The Duadly Cigarette, — The Congress of tho United States is urged to snppress ' the deadly cigarette' by a tax of lOdol. por 1000. According to the promoters of this measure, ' clippings taken from papers throughout the United States show that during tho past year there have been about 100 deaths of young men, mostly under sixteen years of age, from the effects of smoking paper-wrapped cigar ettes. In some cases there- has been an analysis of the stomach, and in most instances have been found phosphorus and arsenic, which is largely used in the manufacture of cigarette ppper. Aumit iuu men nave also been consigned to insano asylums from the same cause.' Meanwhila tho Legislature of Ontario has just read a second time a bill introduced by the Premier, prohibiting the use of cigarettes by any one under the ago of 18\. Under this act tho penalty for smoking will be a fine of Idol, to 5dol., while those who ' sell cigarettes to persons under 18 will he fined from lOdol. to 50dol. The Great Law Suit.— The hearing of the great law case, which has be suspended since 28th March last, was resumed yesterday morning (says yesterday's Courier) before his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, C. J., and a special jury. The trial entered upon its fortieth day, having been commenced on 5th November last. Tho greater port of tho day's proceed ings were of an uninteresting character, and the attendance o( tho public was very ainall. Mi. Lilloy called Mr. Phelan, a clerk in the Lands Department, to produce tbn documents relating to the application, granting, and transfer of the selections in dispute. Mr. Phelan occupied the box till 3.30 o'clock, when his evidence was concluded. It had been stated privately that both sides intended calling fresh evidence, but this was appircntly an erroneous impression. Immediately Mr. Phelan had left the box Mr. Lilley nnnounced that ho did not intend to call any further evidence. The formal closing of the evidence having been assented to, Mr. Power rose to address the jury. In the course of his open ing remarks he d enlt severely with the pnrt that Mr. H. S. Littleton and Mr. ITinlay hud tokeu iu the case. Ho npoke for nearly Tialf aa-hour, when Mb Honour, having Chamber business to attend to, adjourned tho court till this morning. A Nubsbby op Typhoid.—' An inspection into the sanitary ntnte of Laidli'y was made yosterduy (says Saturday's Star) by Dr. Dunlop, of Ipswich. The doctor interviewed many of the occupiers, and made close inspec tion of the premises. The result of his investigation is that he states he is confident that unless something is done at once we are on the eve of a serious outbreak of typhoid fever. The cause of the recont and present cases of fever he unhesitatingly states is the presence in our midst of the foulest cesspits. The doctor states the remedy is in tho hauds of the peop'.e themselves, and they are alone to blame if a more serious epidemic takes place. Tho dry earth system should be at onco adopted by all. Even whon the Health Act iB in force the people will not go free, as they will bo compelled to be at tho expense just tho same. We understand Mr. Wyman has wired tho Colonial Secretary on the matter.' Dr. Dunlop writes on thesubjoctinyesterdij'j Courier : — ' I found existing a most deplorable condition of affairs— namely, cesspits attached to nearly every house, constructed by excava. tion only, and full to overflowing. La idley is built on a flat, and in the present state of aflaira, every rainfall causes an overflow which saturates the soil .for some distance around with fever- producing material. The destination of this material is Laidley Creek, which is a tributary of tho Lookyer. This in its turn runs into the Brisbane River at a point above where tbo water supplies of Brisbane aud Ipswich are taken. The inhabitants of these towns aro being now Biippliod with a dilute solution of Laidley cesspit, to which in (he near futuro typhoid germs will bo added.' D. D. II. SSoiety.— The regular monthly meeting Jof the Darling Downs Horticultural Society was held last night in the Masonic Hall. Mr. J. G. Palothorpc, vice-president, occupied the chair, twenty members of tho society being present, and a number of visitors. The minutes of last monthly meeting wero read and confirmed. There were seven entries for the monthly competition of 12 spikes, trusses, or blooms of any hardy cut flowers. iBt prize was awarded to Mr. J. Knight, with 20 points ; 2nd to F. C. Brodribb , with 11 points. A number of non-competitive exhibits wero on view, notably a dish of medlars by Mrs. S G. Stephens, a collection of cut flowers by Mr. F. C. Brodribb,' a col lection of zinnias, dwarf and striped, by Mr. J- Lowe (gardonor to the Hon. J. Taylor), and a collection of roses and chrysanthemums, by Mr, Honry Hopkins. The prizes won at the last chrysanthemum show wore distributed to tho successful competitors. Mr. Hopkins, secrotary to th society, having beep down to Brisbane at the crysanthenuin show thorp, was asked to givo a description of it, and ok prosscd an opinion that Toowoomba could hold its own with anything ho had yet soon in tho way of chrysanthemums, and ho was plensed to say that the blooms sent down from Too woomba for competition bad, with the excep tion of one cIqbs, talon fint prizo-. It was rpsolved that the, secretary keep oullieicnt cunh in band to pay the prizcB when won at tho monthly shows. It was agreed that the subjects for competition for next monthly meeting should bo : BeBt 12 spikes, fusses, or blooms of any hardy cut flowci'n, distijic); varieties, and 3 diBhes of vegetables, distinct kinds. The chairman promised prizes for the best hunch of violets, 1st, 2s 6d, 2nd, Ib. A discussion nroso ao to tho size of tbo bunches, and it was docidod that tboy bo limited to four Inches across. Tho meeting then closed. Glivpeb Season. — The most improved Horse Clippers uru now obtainable only from W. M. Tanner, Ironmonger. 208b R. Sinclair & Co. roll n choice collection of household fnrnituro at G. and G. Gilbert's lato etoro, Bothvon Street, to- morrow Bt H o'clock. 