Bob N|artin's Little Girl. A NEW NOVEL. By DAVID OHBISTIE MURRAY, Author of "Joseph's Coat,'! "Aunt Raohol," "Rainbow Gold;" &o.; Specially Written (or Australian Papers. ALL QUEENSLAND BIOHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER 1. A pair of lovers were strolling along an English country lane, the Bun had fallen half an hour before, hut its beams were still rofleoted in the zonith, so that through the ovor-arohing boughs of tho lofty hedgo- rows, and the trees studded about thom, thero foil a radiance which, though soft and ghost-like, still gave light enough for the man and maid to read eaoh other's faces. The malo, as was natural, took ardent advantage of his opportunity, and walking with drooping head and side-long face, kept his eyes fixed upon the girl's half-averted features. Sho, for hor part, stole only an occasional glance at him, odoli time swiftly withdrawn. She. was not pre- eminently pretty, except to a lover's eyes, but hor face was full of a vivacious ten derness, and at every fugitive glance she gave him her companion's heart yearned over her. " You are quite suro you lovo me ?" said the young man, putting; the question for tha twen tieth time that evening. The girl's shy glance met his for amomont end drooped again. Sho gave him no further response, but tor a while, at least, ho seemed satisfied, and they walked on slowly in the gathering dnsk, until at a corner of the lane no put his arm about her waist, and drawing her gently to him, arrested hor i'ootstops. Sho laid' hor head upon his breast with no pro- tence of coyness as ho Btood with his arms folded about her shoulders, Thoy were us happy as love and youth could inako them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers havo aright to be. But whilst they stood thus in silence, the noise of a figure crushing through the hedgerow startled thorn apart, and an intruder landed in tho roadway almost at the lover'b feet. Of the three tho new comer seemed tho most disturbed. He peered through tho gloom first ut one and then at tho other of tho pair, upon whose solitude ho had unwittingly broken, and once or twice his lips moved as if he would willingly havo framed some sort of apology, but never a word he spake. "With each second that went by tho silence bade fair to be more embarrassing, hut tho girl recovering her equanimity somewhat, tardily broke tho awkward spell. " Good evening, Mr. Hotheridge." Tho intruder made shift to pluok off his hat and to stammer a response, of which no word was audible. With that ho moved away leav ing tho lovers alone, in a considerable momen tary embarrassment. Thoy hud sooroe recovered thomselves when the intruder was hock again, uud ovon in the doopening dusk it wus plainly to be sceu that ho had contrived, short as the interval had been, to throw aside bis confusion. Ho carried his shoulders in deoidedly truculent fashion and graeped his walking stick by tho middle with tho air of a man who moans busi ness. " I don't wan'tto interrupt you just now, Mr. Redwood," lie began, and thero paused to moisten bis lips with his tongue. "Hut if it's convenient to you I should like a word with you before the night's out." " Very good," returned the lover, cntohinga sluido of the intruder's manner. "Name your time," said tho intruder. " Will 10 o'clock suit you ? " " Porfeotly, I'll call on you nt that time." With that he swung upon his heel and marched rapidly away, his footstops sounding on the sun-baked road whilst ha walked a hundred yards or so and thon falling suddenly into silence ns ho vaulted a stile and took his way through the deep grass of a hay meadow. » George," said the girl, laying an imploring hand on no# companion's arm. "You won't quarrel, will you ? "My darling," Gcorgo responded, passing an arm about hor wait, "I'vo nothing to quarrel about so far as I know, and I don't think oithor that I'm of u quarrolsomo turn of mind." "You havo nothing to quarrol about," tho girl auBivcrod, " but ho has, or at least ho thinks he ll!>". "Oh," Georgo answered, laughing, "that's an old story, and I should think by this time ho's had tho seuso to forget all about it. Wo fought about it in our school days, but we're grown men now, the pair of us, and it would be n pity if a pair of sonsiblo people should fall to loggerheads over a dead and buriod old yam like that." " It isn't doad and baried for John Hetha- ridge," tho girl responded. " Ho believeB it to thiB day, ho wne speaking to Sir Eustace about it only this morning. He was speaking angrily and noisy as ho doos somotimes, and the gar- donor ovorhcard thom. Aunt Mary told mo nt toatimo tills evening. She was afraid that there would alwayB be blaok blood botweon thom." "Woll, my door," tho young man answered easily, " it takes two to mako a quarrel. My mother UBed to say that anger was as catching as the meaBles, but I've nover found it so. If Jsok Hcthcridgc likes to bo a fool ho must take his wuv singly. I promise you ho shan't tempt mo to keep him company." Thoy began to walk on slowly onae more, tha young man fondling his companion's un gloved hand, and now and then stooping to kiss it. It was almost dork by this time and eaali saw tho other's faco only us a pule featuroloss blot on tbo bnokground of the gloom. The girl paused suddenly iu her walk and throw ing both arms about her lover olung to him tightly, and ho raising his hand to hor face found it was wot with tears. "Why, EUico darling," ho domonded tenderly, " what's tho matter ? Yon uro not ofton liko this. Thorn's no danger in tho world. I'm not afraid of Jack Hotheridge of all mon in tho world, and you shan't be, if I onn help it. Now, don't worry, my darling, diy your eyes and think no more about it." "There's something else, Georgo," the girl whisporod, still olinging to him. At this Georgo started with a sudden divination. , "Oh, that's it, is it?" he asked' with a cer tain dryness in lus tone, "ho's hod the oheok to have it out at last, has he ?" "You know about it P" Elliee asked him, in a wbispor which barely reached his ears. "Why, my dear," George answered, "it stands to reason that I knew about it. When a man loves a girl as muoh as I do yon- — " Ho paused thero to emphasise his speeoh by a bug and a kiss. " When a man lovos a girl as muoh as I do you, it makes him protty keen to sco when anybody olse is bunging abont after her. I could always be sure that you novor liked the fellow, and that if I wont single it wouldn't be for his sake. When did you send'' him about his business, darling?" "Ho spoko to mo yesterday," sho answered, in a sbnmo-striokeu whisper, as if sho had been confessing a guilty secret. " So late as that," said George. "I oan understand his being a bit rusty lighting on us in that sudden way a while ago ; if I'd oome on him in>the same way I should likely enough have broken his head for him. But then of coureo it would havo boen different, for I should havo known the beggar wasn't thero by your good will. But don'tlet tlb think any more of him, my dear ; he shall have his talk to- night, and I'll toll you all abont it in the morning. In tiro meantime there are lots of leasantor things in the world than Jaok fothorldge for yon and me to think abont, and horo'a ono of thom. Whon'a tho day to be, my darling ? When are you going to mako me the happiest man in Worcestershire P. " ' She put thoso queries by, and bo grew tenderly remonstrant and even a little fiery. This was agroeablo, and not lightly to be ended; He grow more ardent still, and frightened her deliriously with his ldeses, protestations, and ombraoes, until at last sho gave him an unBWer. They would bo married that day three months, and on that delightful understanding ho con ducted her to her own garden gate, bado her a lorer-liko good-night thero, and swung off homowurd to meet the intruder of on hour and a-half before. His mother, a quiat, gray-haired old woman, sat knitting in the parlour by tho light of a pair of tall candles. "I'vo done it at lost, mother," lie said, as ho stooped to kiss her. "What hast done, lad?" tho old .lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. "I doubt," the young follow answered laughingly, " that you'll want a bit of practico, but you'll have to Btand up for a dance at least this day throe months." "Ob, oh!" said tho old lady. "You've spoke to Ellico ?" , " Yes, mother," the young man responded, "I'vo spoken to Ellice, and we're to bo married this day threo months." Tho mother ioso and kissod him, and cried over him a little as tender mothers will somo times in suou a aosa; "Who'd ha' thought of little Ellio Grcou- away and you a growin' up to be man and wife together? Woll, well, she's a protty gcll, Georgo, and a good goll, and I think aho'll make you happy. And, if you're as good a husband as you'vo been a son to me, she's got a prizo in ton thousand. Yon'vo got your mother's blessin', Georgo, my lad." ... This affectionate oolloquy was broken in upon by a knocking at the front door . "There's Jaok Hothoridge," said Georgo, "I met him in Borstoo lano a while ago, and ho said he wanted a word with mo. He's come for it now, I guess." , " Is't private business, Georgo ? " his mother asked. " Yes," eaid Georgo. " I suppose it's private business. He seems to be in a bit of a hurry for it, too. What are tho maids about?" The knocking at tho front door was ronowod more loudly than before, and Georgo himself answered the summonB. "There's nobody hard of hearing in this 'ouse, Jaok," lie said, as ho opened tho door. ' Come in. We'll have our talk in my own room, if you don't mind. We oan be private there." He led tho way through the pitch dark hall, with the assured foot of o us torn. The visitor followed him gropingly for a yard or two, and tlion coming into collision with some unseen piece of furniture cursed quietly to himsolf .und waited. Bv-und-by Georgo uppenrod in a doorway with n candle, and bcokoned to tho self-invited guest. "Now, Jaok," he asked whon thoy wore, seated together, with the light betweon them, what's the word about?" Thoy were a- strongly and oven a strangely assorted pair to look at. There was scarcely a difforonce of a month in their ages, but Hothoridge might easily have boon taken for Georgo's senior by half a Beoro of years. His features were thin and puokored, his forehead was prematurely bald,' his thin lips ruled a hard, straight line, which dipped suddenly nt tho corners, and his pale gray eyes were restless and angry looking us thoy wondered hithorund thither in thoir shiftiness, ns if their owner wore seeking something to revenge a spite upon. His hair, his eyebrows, aud his little bita of aide whiekors were nil of tho same no-colour, but unueuaUy orisp and wiry. A mero riino of olosely shaven board sparkled in the candle light upon his cheeks and chin. Ho hurl a nervous knack of lengthening tho jaw and soruping with thumb and finger over this close trimmed stubblo in suoh a way as to elicit a faintly audible Bound. Iu stature ho was slight, but inclined to be tall. Tho man who faced, him, waiting for tho opening of tho conversation, wus a woll built deep chested feUow with a fresh unwrinklcd face, a kindly aspeot, and large bluish gray eyes that looked as open and honest as tho duy. "Now, Jaok," ho asked a second timo, as Hotheridge sat soraping furtively at his lean jaw, and sending his vexed glance everywhere but in tho dircotion of his companion — " Now, Jack, what is it?" Hethoridge seemed nt first in no hurry to answer, but suddenly he banged the wulking stick lie carried on tho unolotlied table, and leaning forward looked,! his. rival for . tbo first time in the fuoe. " You're in my way, Georgo Redwood," ho boguu, with a directness for which an observer would liuve boon unlikely to givo him oredit. " Oil," said George, with a tranquil lifting of tho eyebrows, "perhaps you'll tell me how ?" " Your fathor was in ray father's wuy" said Hetheridge, dropping his gluncc and clutoh- ing his stout walking stick in both hands as though ho strovo to break it. "Your fathor was in my father's way, and you're in mine." "Now, look horo, Jaok," returned Red wood, "I'm sick of that ridiculous old story. If you've come horo to talk about that, you might as woll save your breath to cool your porridgo." "Your father," said Hotbondgo, "robbed my father of threo hundred uud fifty acres lying between the brook and Bristol lano. The world knows that. You know it ns woll as I do." "Yes," George answored, "just as woll as you do. It's a foolish lie, uud there's un ond of it. Your fathor wasn't n careful man ; mine was. One wasted, money, and tho other mado it. Your father drunk and rackotod his lands away, and my father bought 'cm with honest money mado in honest business. Go where you like, ask anybody who knows tho story, and thoy'll toll you tho same thing." "Your father robbed my father, " persisted Hotheridge suddenly. "I shouldn't be aggrioved," Redwood answered with a cool contempt, "st anything you might say, even if I supposed that you relieved it. Nobody but a bom fool could believe that yarn of yours in the faco of tho ovidenco,' ana you're not a bom fool, Jaok Hetheridge." "Your father robbed my father, "Hethoridge said again, "and you'vo robbed mo." " Is that so?" Redwood asked in tho same tone of cool contempt, "now will you be so good us tell me how?" " Yon know how, well enough," Hetheridge returned. Ho set his stiok across his knoe and tugged at it with all his force. " Woll, no," drawled George, with nn irri tating uncouoern. "I cannot preoisely say I do. Porhaps you'll be good enough to oxplain tho matter.' "Who — "began Hetheridge. Ho stopped, choking at tho word. ""Well," demanded Redwood. "'Who — ? Who what?" ' ' Who caino in betweon mo and Ellico Green- away?" Hothoridge ! flashed ut him, lifting his wrathful oyos suddenly und glaring at Georgo aoross the table. "loan answer that question in a minute," George responded, ' ' it was I and Miss Green- away that came in between you aud Miss Greenaway. If you'd beon another, man and she'd been another woman, you might havo hit it off toporfootlon." Hetheridge's face was pale and his voioo shook a littlo as ho spoko. "You oame between us, Georgo 'Redwood. I'vo oared for her over since I was a lad. I've eared about her, und I've let her soo it." Ho spoko as if he bad to lay a desperate com pulsion on himself to speak at all, and what with tho reality of his rago and tho tenseness of the hold with whioh he olutohed the walking stick aoross bis knee his whole figure vibrated. " I've been her follower and her servant theso 16 years, slnoo she was a little tiling running about in short frocks, and, up till now. I novor cast a thought on any othor girl nnd novel" shall. I'ub always meant to marry her, nnd I mean to marry hor ; and as sore as God's nliro, Goorge, the man that oroBsos me has got to fight me for her." ' The man spoke with on anguish so easily to be seen that tha successful rival felt a touch of pity. " Look horo, Jaok," he said, "what's tho use of talking. Suppose we two should fight — sapposa you mode an end of me, do you think you'd be any noaror marrying Elliae for that ? I never heard it was tha way to a girl's heart to kill tho man she honoured with her liking." "Yon dame in betweon us," Hotheridge said' again, in a dull, tired way thiB time, "and you'll have to suffor for it. If I oan't marry her nobody else shall." "Man tuive," oriod the other, with a half- oontemptuous, half- angered laugh, "man alivo, you're mad. You got your answer yes terday."., '-v " Sho told you that, did she ?" eaid Hethor- ridgo wrathfully. " Yos," eaid George," alio told me. Shehad a right to tell mo. we shall be marriod, please God, this day three months." "You think so," Ilctlioridgo answered. " We shall seo." " Of coarse, wo shall," Georgo answered dryly. "And now, Jaok, if you'vo no more good sense to lavish on me, I'll say ' Good night. ' I shouldn' t supposo that you' d be very satisfying even to a craving stomach, and I've had no uppotito for you at any timo. Take the dish away, John." With this touch of rustio irony Redwood rose, opened the door, and indicated tha way to his rival by a careless wave of tho liund. " Forowarned's forearmed, thoy say," said Hetheridge. " Never say I didn't caution you." ' " Hero Jack, my lad," said Redwood, slam ming tho door and sotting his broad book ugainBt it. " What does all this point to ?, What are you going to do ?" " I'll toll you what I'm not going to do," said Hotheridge, sitting motionless in his ohnir. " I'm not going to stand by whilst any man stepB in between me and Ellice Greenaway. Take warning, George." " What do yon moan to do ?" Georgo asked him. " Ho you think I'm a baby to be frightened by tlio first ugly chap that comes along nnd pulls faces at me ? Come now, what do you mean?" " Moan ? " oried Hotheridgo, rising suddenly to his feot and confronting his adversary. "I'll have tho life of uny man that marries Ellice. Now you've got it straight." " Yos," said Redwood, with an air of weary resignation, " we've got it straight at lost, and now, get out of my house." Hetlicridgo obeyed the cool gesture of dis missal, but turned in the doorway for a final word. "Don't forget, Georgo. Think of what I've told yon." " I shan't burden my mind with any such sickly nonsense," Rodwood answered, and so saying ho took tho cundlo from tho table and conducted his rival to the door. (to be continued. 