Chapter EX.— A Crufj. CoNspntArr. 'There are men about tbe house,' said Hannah, in a. whisper* 'Our nccbors passiu' by wi' their goods and chattels to be ready for tbe morrow, pet haps : Bomethin' unusual in Samoson's exneri ence ; that's it, old friend, eh r* Sampsou wagged his tail for a moment by way of answer, and once more stood sentinel by the door. 'It is a very dark night,' said ITatmal^ ' and I'm afraid ; it may be that those cruel men are back again from their ships.' 11 Nae, dinna fear that,' said Alan ; ' they hae gin us twtnty-Uour hours, and it's rather to catch us in the toils o' some illegal act than to put thcirsers in the wrong they'll be scheming ; I dinua fear their presence, my lassie, until to-morrow at sunset ; and then, plea&e; God, we'll be cookin' our evening meal bcuetith the pines of Heart's Content,' 11 Don't go out, dtatr, '' said Hannah, dinc The dog walked quietly to the window, then sniffed at the further door, and with a grumble followed Hannah and Alan to the old cushioned settle l-y the fireplace, and once more disposed himself in & picturesque atti tude at Hannah's feet 'Good dog,' she said, 'yes, the bad men are gone ; and I pray God we may bear no more of them until it is daylight, when we can see their faces.' '* Hannah, yon are trembling as if yon had seen a ghost.'' 'Those men from the ships are about, I feel sure they are, and for no good.' 'Nae dinna fear; I am nae inclined to think ye are reight ; Pat Doolau, by way of bravado, said s&methin;' aboot turning the two wee guns opon the ships. The man Ris tack is a great coward, and may be he would think it safe to dismantle the fort until snch time as the removal o' Heart's Delight is accomplished. ' 'Thank God they are no longer near oar doors !' said Wmiim.Ii, as Sampson seemed to be settling himself dowu more and more steadily to sleep. The old clock in the living room of the Great House could now be heard as if afar off striking the hour of ten ; it was very late for Heart's Delight. The note of tune was echoed by a small timepiece in the annexe which the Keiths had called their own domicile. 'Time's getting on,? said Alan; 'how quiet it all is !' ' Yes,' said Hannah, laying her head upon his shoulder, as they sat side by aide on the settle. ' It will beqnieter in the Back-bay volley,' said Alan, ' for there ye dinna. hear the sea ; but the trees met a music o' their ain, which isna muck different.' 'The sea is very calm to-night,' said Hannah. 'Not a ripple on it,' Alan replied, 'awl to think o' the Lord of Hosts lettin' yonder pirate ships ride at anchor as if they were on some Landlocked mere ; eh, Hannah, I ken a wonderfu' place where a man o' war might just sleep by die shore while the sea was ragin'.' ' The lake yoo talk of by Labrador *' ' But a terrible place, Alan ; the sailors see demons there ; and it was taboo even in the earliest times when the natives roamed this island from end to end.' ' It's a, wonderfu* harbour ; it'a a dock made by nature ; a sort of hide and seek for mariners. One day when it's very calm weather as the noo well just Bail down the coast, and Ell show you the way ; ye would think there was nae Channel enough for a dingy, but there's a channel that would float a three-docker ; a waterway as gude as the entrance to St. John's, but it's disguised ; eh, ye cauna guess how safe it's disguised.' They did Sampson an injustice to think he was sleeping. He had gathered that Hannah did not want the door opened. He knew th*t the men who had been prowling without had left the immediate locality of the bouse. He did not know that they had only gooe down by the beach to take 1*01* P'*** once mare by the boats. Bentz and Ruddock bad heard Sampson's growl ; also the voice of Alan. They had hoped to find all abed, both iu the Great House and the annexe. They had now to revise their plans in presence of a watchful dog, and a strong and wakeful opponent. 'Jim Smith/' said Ruddock, 'Admiral Ristack has trusted you with the command of this thing ; I am only a volunteer ; it'snaught to do with my ship ; it's Admiral Ristack 'a afiair, and you are his representative, and, therefore, mind yc on this occasion you carry the authority of die King himself.' ' Very well,' said Smith, ' I am ready to do my duty, if I am rightly supported.' ' Ye needna question that,' said one of the crew. ' If we dinna think much of our leader we hae undertaken the job, and they say duty's duty at all times.' ' Aye, aye,' said the others. 'Then,' continued Ruddock, 'my advice and that also of this loyal man. Master Lester lientz, is that one of you hare a knife handy for the dog, and the others crowd all sail ou alive ; alive if possible, and gagcred, eh. Master Bentz?' ' Just so,' said Bentz. ' I shall try a subterfuge,' said Smith. ' May a man ask what a subterfuge may be*' said Nicol, who was a very matterof fact Scotchman. ** KuocVing at the door and begging lor assistance' as if a body was in trouble ; or say the fish stages ore afire ; or wiiat you wilL' ' And then ?' asked Ruddock. ' Well, the moment he shows himself seize 'And the dog?' asked Bentz, who had seen Sampson's teeth more than oucc ' Mardyke undertakes the dog, with ten iuches of cold steeL' ' rbat's right,' said Mardyke. ' For which doty well performed,' eaid Bentz, ' I. as a volunteer, am trilling to pay out five golden guineas.' *4 Consider that dog dead,' said Mardyke ' Well, then, we are agreed,' said Smith ; ' march, and take your orders from me.' 41 Aye, aye,' said the men. ' And no one speak above a whisper.' 'Aye, aye.' once more was the response, and iu less than balf-an-hour Sampson, at the mome t when Alan and Hannah bad resolved to retire, once more showed signs of uneasiness, and at one bound, with a great loud bay, rushed to the door. 'What is it?' said Alan, following the dog, Hannah clinging to her husband's arro ' A man in distress :' said a voice from without; 'wounded, dying— help! help!' 'Don't go out!' Hannah exclaimed, as Alan unbarred the door. The dog crouched at Alan's heels ready to spring. 'Oh,' groaned the voice outside, 'don't leave me to die !** Alan opened the door. As he did so lie was attacked by halfa dozen men before he could strike a blow in , self-defence. At the same moment, Ruddock and Bentz rushed upon Hannah, fastened her apron over her bead and smothered her cries. , The attack was eo sudden and complete that liahlly a souud was heard beyoud the first grating bark and growl of the dog as he leaped at the throat of the very man who, unfortunately, was best prepared for the ( To be continnat ) 