Xlaoing at Singapore. An old Northern Territory identity who migrated recently to- Singapore, has sent us the following sketch of his experiences at a race meeting in that equatorial settlement, which may prove of some interest to readers of a sporting turn of mind : " There was a race meeting here on the 25th ultimo which I had an opportunity of seeing, and I scribble you the following with a view to letting some of my old N.T. friends know what Singapore racing is like. The first race was to start at 3,30 p.m., and a quarter of an hour before that time I found my way out to the course, which, by the way, is fenced in on both sides the way round, so that there is no chance of a horse getting off it without jumping the fence in which, event, I am afraid, judging from what I saw, horses and riders in nine cases out of ten would have parted, company. My first thought on arriving on the course was to look round for the nags, but deuce the ghost of one could I see, so I gave up the job and decided to nurse my curiosity till the time came for the first race. In the meantime I gazed around me and took stock. The grandstand accomodation is fair, there being two structures for the accommodation of the public. For a consideration of two' dollars you can go upon the first class and take your place on one of the many chairs with which it is furnished, from whence you can obtain a capital view of every mee right from start to finish. - The second stand is equally fair good as regards seeing the- races, and is also provided with sitting accommodation, but is patronised almost exclusively by Chinese, Malays, Kings, and other malodorous representatives of the so- called inferior orders of humanity There is also, another stage erected for the exclusive use of members of the club, and attached to it a beautiful green paddock, with lounges scattered here and there. In fact, the whole affair (and this, mind you, is a big admission for so patriotic an Austral lian as myself is equal to anything of the kind in this line I've s >en iii the colonies. A few minutes before start of the first rains I found myself in one? of the stands with my neck stretched out like a wild goose watching for the first appearance of the horses. I hadn't to wait long before four very decent looking horses pranced out on to the course ; they did a preliminary at three-quarter speed for about three hundred yards, and then turned round and cantered back to the starting point. I got a fair look at the jockeys as they were cantering too and fro, and I can give you my word that my colonial nerves were shocked at the set of them in the saddle-one especially, with both hands half way up to his chin, legs straight out, and stirrups about three holes too long for race riding ; when the horse got fairly in motion he set his rider bobbing like a Chinese puzzle with the lid off. However, they drew up to the scratch, and the starter soon set them going (the jocks going about two knots faster than their horses They raced away at a good, but until they got to the back of the course, when it seemed to me as if they took a pull as if some tacit agreement existed- among the riders to save up steam for a good rush down the straight. Anyhow, they came past the post a cracker, and it was a curious thing to note the almost downright apathetic- way in which, the rest was received by he spe states, There was scarcely a sign, of that availing excitement to be witnessed at the smallest colonial meeting at such a moment. A few feeble hind skips as the winner was. led in to weigh of and it was all over. It would only cause profanity among your readers, Mr. Editor, were I to attempt a detailed' account of the racing during the meeting, which lasted three days.. TURNS spiritless reception of the first event, remarked at Love, was character it is of the whole meeting, and altogether it was about the sickest and honest thing in the way of racing it was ever my bad fortune to attend. Even the running for the big prize on the second day the Club Cup, of 500 dollars failed to cause more than a ripple in the prevailing calm. There was he ex content whatever, in the way of betting or anything else not even a dog fight. The best and only came mendable part of the whole show, in my opinion' was a military brass band,, which struck up after each event, w,4 1 expounded music That sounded sweet enough to the races tn<n<*d ears of a man in it Fysh from the nnnvUylfws wilds of the Pie North. An old N. C id-iitity» trW horses Tim, pit dry -up a pear tree in, the fruit tU « v velvet J?-EU/ a.s V' in the? silver" -star in its t'ÍA-3«*-ti-.?'-<» best mile not ' 'half. Tuy '1 Island off; . test, ££Ç$£Ja '$? FtfSy 248 finish at the fall of the 11 is' said as they passed the" Stand theatres time little Tim was second, and going strong during the n at half mile he dropped back to third, and as they turned into the straight run for him the whips, got to work and the little NxT. chestnut was passed by one man a,. coming; in at the finish fifth' and about seven lengths- beHindthe leader. He had another try. in the last race of the meetings of handicaps -once round the course, along with' nine others... The ran second for the first Half a mile,. then went to the front for about six. strides; but the pace was too hot for him. They passed him one by one, under the finish he bad-dropped-back - to sixth place. In this race he h'aeT what they- called their best rider up ; but according to my idea- asgood rider doesn't as a rule have his stirrups so a long that he can just touch them, in 1 hands half way up to his chin. Atvy how-good rider or not-these'horses; are all too good for Timor anything else we have in the N.T. at present." 