IRISH FAIRIES, Ghosts and goblins still live and rulo in the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in re mote places, but close even to big cities. It is down westward aipong the deep bays and mountain valleys of Sligo that I have hetrd tho best talcs and Found the most ardenb belief. There many a peasant dreams of growing rich by finding a fairy’s crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind tho names of inon and womon carried oil*, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported to have been attempted. A little girl who was at'service with a farmer in tho village of Grange suddenly disappeared. There was at once great in the neighbourhood, because it was rumoured that the fairies had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and ho found nothing in bis hand but a broom stick;'' The locuhconstable was applied to, and heat once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same lime advised tho people to burn all the bucalnuns (rag weed) on tho field she vanished from, be cause bucalauna arc sacred to the fairies, They spent tlie whole night burning them tho constable repenting spells I lie while. In tho morning tho Halo girl was found the story goes, wandering in ihe field. She said _the fairies had taken her away a great distance, riding on afairy horse. At lost she saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being carried ofl was drifting down it—such are tho top syturvydoms of fairy glamour—in a cock leshell. Dridesand newborn children are especially in danger. Peasant Vuoihers too, arc sometimes carried off to nurse the children of tho fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of retan.- ing and if they., do not escape then they are always prisoners, A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Bullisodaro, add when she came home after seven years she had no toes—sho had danced them off, —W. B. Yeates, in the L-dsuro Hour. Mrs, mimin' to ye, Misther O’Hooligan, an’ jye be wld ye, for it’s a father I hear ye are. Mr. O’Hoo'.i gan—Faix, but the harrfirf hasn’t been told ye, Missus O’Toole, an’ it’s more than one, father I am when it's twins bedod. At an inquest in Chpham a juror wes excused ho was cook to the Prince of Wales,, and hal to ho ot Sandringham. 