'Hi a Kaceai tfte Window-. jjilvani Tadd met mo nt tin: HaviHe ono oVcuinc! und took in o aside. I was living in two rooms not far fiom the E jgwara ' road. - ? ':-'? fjuck here, Williams,' be bef/au, ' I nm p.bini; tn Kjypt 6/1 (his cholera corainiaaion, ?/dind 1 shall bo away icr six tnoiitba tit Iea3&. .. if juu liko lo mnvo into my house while I am away, do bo.' ' Into your hoasepn Grosvenor street?' I exclaimed. 'Yea. Why not?' ha replied liyhtiy. 1 ??rill loava cheques for the rent and tuxes. 7nu will he doing me a kinduoas. Gait i3 a tiily man, but I would prefer not to leave tho aervautfl nlone in the house.' ?' But 113 to rent ?' I Baid dubiously . 'Never mind about that. Ur stay. In plaoa of rent you can pay tha Bervnnta' board wages, or find their keep il you please.' ' Done with you,' I oried heartily; A week later I moved itito the house in Qrasvcnor street, No. 100. It was n fair-aize.1 houao. On tbo right of tha halt w&b; the dining room, spacioua and wcinscotcd in oak, with much sombre furniture, nnd one large window which looked upon tho street. Behind this was tho consulting rocm. Tho window hero wa3 overlooked, but a window garden well Blacked with ferns, nnd above it a curious Iaoo blind, eoourc-d tho needful privacy; So rouoli for tho Iioubo. 1 had boon in it about thrco weeks j tho words, 'Come and se-5?ao; 1 am living in Gro3venor street now,' wore beginning to loso their flrat sweetness in tho mouth, whan, on going ont ono morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. Ho liad that moment rung the bell. 'Doctor SiWani Todd?1' he raked, looking from mo to a paper ho held in his hand. ' Are you Dootor Silvan! Todd, sir?' 11 No,' I hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting rate* and tnxe-B. ' I am not D.iotor Todd. IIo ia in Kgypt— in the Soudan; right up in the country, in fact.' ' Anyone living hero beside Dootor Silvaci Toad?' ho caked jerkily, poising a pencil above his liat. '? Living here ? Well, I am living hero, but-' ' Ohristim name, eurnsme and profoa aiou,'he put in briskly. 'A oara will in tu 1 a ncournay.' Then ho explained that he was a canvasser tot u directory. 'lour im;l, oir? Thank you,' he said. ' The irftma shall be inserted. May I take your order for a copy 7' 'So,' I replied brusquely, ' Is that all you want 1' 'All this morning, thank you,' ho airily una-vsred. Ho war not one whit abashed by my ruau nor or Rctutiny. ' Then good-morning.' I held tho door open, and only shut it Minn ho had fairly turned tho corner. I am n uliy man, and his ooolnees had staggered ma. llus il 1 had not noon him, when my back waa turned, aa ho supposed, in tbo i\ct of snaminiMt} my letter-box — not tho look of the door, or tho bolts or ohnin, but tho letter-box of all things— 1 was a Dutoh ui;ui. What could tho mfin want with ray loUur-hoxf 1 began, though I would not beto flotfoeacd to tha feeling for Hie world, to fitaliko tho utillncEs and gloom of tho hounc. It waa natural that aueh qjmrters should seem quiet in comparison with my nld lodging? ; but this iilono did not account for my uneasinemt,' whioh grew so marked that tho hUiUnf.; of a oloak uturtlc-d ma, and a ray of muilight shooting ivthwart the dim doe ol the room mudc mo jump. T5o, 1 cauRht tha infection from Gait, llo tun tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily ; the model uf a line nnd rule servant, sober &ad; Ktoariy, and nor, too intelligent. But he had u queer habit of Roinr,' stealthily about tha houjo, ar.il though 1 did not mind this much, I did objcot tu nnotber trick ho had of glanc ing ovtr his shoulders as ho waited nt table, ?while his f r.uo svould put on at these tirao3 an iinuleimnt lisiening expression. More than oiv-s I came upon him standing sliil in the tin.ll listening.' And if I wor,t into the con Milling room lo wate-r tha ferna, ho was sure to ba at my elb^-7 tho next minuts, listening Egain, I durosfty. tiut Ihii v;;i3 notull. Ononinhtuomcthiufl ViujpjU'^l, wUiah K*vo mo real ground for uiiuiiuintflj. 1 had gone to bed early, bat I oouhl uot Bleep, r. rid while I was ljiug awake, I thought I hoard a oautiona /oota'.ep on the htoira. At my door it paused— if it waa a tootolep — for 1 could only hear the creaking o* n biurcl Bt intervals ; tbeu it Boomed to go lower. ' AU fancy I' I said to mjoo'.f, and turned ovr-r. ' All fanoy I' }Jt;t [ was not quits satisfied, and presently rvitli a hard word for my folly, jumped up, ftud in my {ijjjnjai?, just as I waa, want out on the lun'liD;;. I could hear nothing. I crept softly down tho atairo in tho dark. All v.:-a Ktlll. The ticking of theeiRht-day clook I'.ikI tha occasional grating of a window as t!i« bfi.c.'.e roso or f«il weru thn only Bounds inaido tho Iioubs. Outside ft oab tumbled by. J. :r:.-.o;:cd the loot uf tho oUira, and, eati-fied no»/ thai I bad deceived myaelf, w?.b turning to go bault, when my movement brought tho kojhole of tho cousultiny- room door under my rye. A thin beam of light shot frora it icso I.S1& i'.oxk»e33 ol the hal!. W.'ll, I hc-aitated j perlmps while the clock kUovc tiched a i'.oz-ju times, I considered the poBttion. SorooiMio might hsvo oarelszely In1* a light burning in that room. Only tho tomn vim not in uei\ And thim what of tho '.li-pj on tho fit.'iir3? On tha other band, Hit re initfht ha a burglar in.-ida. Ami then li^--3 I not bsUor Rummon thn policot But tuvpo-o I did thin, nnd lo I n mere lighted tilnllu? That would ha n humiliatinn in dctil. I toariiil th'o burglar, but ridiaulo woro. Htepniog forward, I flung open the d'.'-or r»tid stood on my guard. /.''or n seoond or two I was dazzled by the lifiht, thonah it proceeded only from p. jiuglo candle on thu mantel. No one movtii in tho r-jrra. No one waa to ha socn. I stepped ca-rftinuxly in with a smile on my faco, nnd -tnil jumped, 1 daresay, a couple of fcot at'.:-lo. ' Why, O.Ut I' I orisd tho next rninuto, ecuinc t'liAt it roally wiin tho servant vrho, nlnnn ami haU-drowcd, was standing by tho window. ' What Me you doing heru? What nro you doing up Rt this timo of night ?' 1 criad imperfttivtly. lla did not snwt, Ho wnn tremlilinu violently. I had civeii him a (jrisat sbnult, tlmt wn'b clear, lie psascd ona imtal asroea liia brow in a utnpid way. In tha other ho haul tho Ronlen syringe I hsvo mentioned. 1 thoURht 1 gtiseiwd tho position. 'I will tell you what il U I' I said, taking up the aanriln, ivnd holding it so that its light k-lt upon hi.-) dazml fico and dinteuded cysts. ' I will tall you what it if, ray man I Vou havo bcon walking in your sleep J' Ilii shaded hi.f I'yus with Jiia hand and partly turned from me. ?' I atn utraid I have, nir,' bo muttawd abjcolly. llo was still forcsd to aioauy himielt by resting one hand on tbo table. 1 touli tho eyrinijo from him. ?' f suppose thnt this is not tho llret time you have dono it ?' I said qaorulounly. T 1 havo a nervant who wnlkod in his sleep, It wau too provoking. ' No, sir,' hn ana'-versd, hia teeth chatter ing with tho fright or the cold. ' I used to do it whan 1 wan ahoy. But I thought I bad grown out of it ycara ago.' ' I hope that you will (,-row out of it now,' * 1 replied severely. ' Thoro, ro» to bod, nnd for gourincss' sika utay thuro if you can,' ' Yen, air,' ha said humbly, ' I am sorry tbni 1 disturbed yon, sir,' I mado a niga to him to go first. As I (ollowod I glnuaud round tho room nt the KlrtuiijA tnodlay that novorod tahla ond, montelBiooo and OTOiflowid on lo ebairi fend' O.'ac&cti..; -J(i a Bhblt above tie fauplaoawus a mummy'u bend with borriblo elass eyea that Deemed to ba winhing at me, and in botllts below it were prcparuiipna which Todd bad beeu using to illustrate bis physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. ' Ugh I' I tsolaimed, closing tha door with athadder. I soou full asleep when I got Juick tn bed. Out onco at least I awol.c will! a Etart and But up, in the belief that someone vvca ogfiin moviuf' about tho hcuae. N;-xt day I had a bad nctvous headache, atiJ was as im'Ubie ns could ho; bo that when Gait ns usim1 crt-pt upon me while I was waleriu),' the- fernu, f lost my patience with him and turned eharuly. 'Well?' I exclaimed. ' I came to ecu if you wauled anj thing, Bir.' Wanted anytbiup, iniiaesl ! ' Na, nothing I' I retotted. ' And I think, GiU, that you would bu far more usefully employed, if iudle&d; of foliowiug me about th« huitMQ you were to eli-an tlio windows. Tiio one in the dhinf; room ia in 0 disgraco fill htatfl, cor.siileripa that there ara thriu Bcrvni ti iu the 'hautfe and only onn master.' ' Very well, sir,' ha auawerod reapcoS fully. lie w.is not at all put out. And I, who am uby in my doilmga with servants, and yusterday would not bavo dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow ol pride in my moral courage. 'I will ace to it, sir,' ho said; 'but Doctor Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean tha outside.' ' Then get a men. Do it in tbc usual way. That iaall I want,' I answered. lid ansonted BKaio, adding nomething, however, about the dilliculty of finding; n man to help, I had this in my mind live miuutcR later, when a man acaosted me as 1 crossed Bond street on my way to chambers. ' Will your honor pi re me a job of work?' be snid. J looked at him. IIo was not tearful as beggara arc. On tbo contrary, there was a marry tiwinklo iu hia fcly Irish oyes. ' A job of work ? ' I answcrail, glancing nt ray slim umbrella and varnished boots. ' Do I look ao if I had jobs of work to give away ?' ' Ifour honor looks as if you would ti'wa thorn army if you had,' ha answered with roady wit. I laughed. ' Can you clean window ?' I aekcJ, ' Olcau all your windwa, sir, for a sbil ling T' he rapped out. 'Thcu you would have, a bad bargain,' I replied, thinking with prido ol my fiva floors nnd basement, 'lima I you may tako this to 100 Groavenor street.' I pencilled a few wonU on a oird request ing Giilt to loi tha bearer clean the lower windows, and to pay him a shilling when ha had done. Voc aoraa roaeon, I do not now rosuernber why, I went hotno from ehnmbera early that uf:eruoon. I had ccarcjly taken tbo latch key from the door before 1 learned that thoro waa a quarrel soibg forward. Gilt won standing at the consulting room door, hia back to it, la front of him waa my shabby Iriflhmr.n, noatiouluticg wiliily, and talking at tba top of hia voice. A« I wiped my lout oa the mat, Gill cut liicithoit. ?' You do not f,o iato thi-i room,' ha said ; ' that ia enough for you I' ' And why not, my honoy ?' Ihn Irishman waa beginning. ' Suro, Rnd hia honor was aaying that I wus to clean tho windowfl, overv blcfljed cno ol them.' ' l.fo Biid nothing ol the kind,' I inter posed sternly, an I oamu forward. ' I did not say that you were to oonie iuto tho bourn at nil. I Uftiii that you wcrn to clean the oulsido 0! tbo winilown. llov/ ia thin, Oalt 1' The icsrvant mutterod eomctbiiig. ' I czpaat him to do hU work. Now, as you have lot i)ub man oIoaii the other win dows, ho may as well finish the job by doing this room. Vou oan stay with him. Open thn door.' Bat Gait did not stir. He looked at me su'lenly. ' Dja tor Todd is particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir,' ba said, iu a tone that matohod hia face. 'And to the houdo, I have no doubt I' I returned, throwing opcu the door myself. ' Slay !' I added, after glanoiug round. 'Clc.fia ilia inner window over tbo ferns. Tbat in better, Not? bo can do no dam a«o.' I saw thin arrangement carried out before I lots them. Then I went into tbo front room to write a letter, but wai jiri^oiuly rouficd by tho repetition of a loud knock. Gait, I know, mutt be nlilo to hear it as woll aa I could myself. 1 strode into tho hall. II Do you not hear that nomcono is at the door I' i Baid curtly. Ha did not move. Instead, hu poinlc-1 tilently to tbc window cleaner, who wrj bard at work. '? Konaonao I' I exclaimed. 'Go to tha door at once.' Still a moiBf.nfs hesitation, nud bo wnot. Tha poraon at tho door kept him e.imo time. Afterward I needed coal in tba front room and n cup of tea. Hia soruplea had arieon rather late iu tho day 1 thought, and I took a micahievoaoploaoura in keeping him from biu pc-at. Bat whfit did it all main 7 Whr.t, indeed? 1 did not oonneat, on yet, tho man who bad been M iuquisitivo about tba lottcr-box with tt»H. 'i'ho lattsv'B oonfluot by itael! waa enough to puzzle mo. Hia aleop- walkiag and atculthy wny^, hia nervousness, and bis etrango obntiimoy about the consulting room, Kavfi saopo for wild cor. jeo'.uren, and certainly filled me with distrust ol him, aa well as a eocret prejudice ugtiinat ibe houso. At breakfast nut morning I was more ettuok than btioro by tho nervous manner in whioh he continually Htsrtud and L'lanood be hind him. ' What ia it that you ara afraid of, Gilt ?' I «aid suddenly, thinking to tsbo him by surprise. Tnen, r.a ho did not Rnnver, ' Is it barglars?' I aelicd, the scene with tbe Irioh mnu in my rninO. ' lV.trglivrn, Bit I' ' 1'us. Mind what you are doing with the kidneys 1' I said sharply. ' I thought that tba burglary o!oee by in Bjnd etrcot, at that ji.w.:ller'B, might burs f rigbtencd )oa. Mau alive I thi-ru is nothing hero to tempt that gang.' '? 1 hopa not, 8ir,' hs rtpliad huskily. I [,n'. dy.vn raj inita and fork and looked at him. 'ltjally, Gilt, J do not think that you Bra well,' 1 remarked, in a moro kindly tons. ? ' Wo want Doutor Todd back already.' [{?-. bi'gnn to tell ma that he had not been himatltcf late, when ho stopped Bpoabiu^, and with a low exclamation stagceriid bu.ok (rom the Ublo. Ttio yluta ha wai holdiug fall, cud wns ehr.t'.ored on tbo arm of rny cbnir, Tiio gravy ran over my ulcevo. I jumped up in a rage. ' What on cirlh i« the mi'.tr-r with you V I ixslaimeii, vary iuuoh iuclined to teliu him and ahaUo bin). ' I saw » — a faoa ftt the window,' ha gasped. liisowifrtao was white. Hislipa tramblail ao that ho could uaiuocly triune hix wordo. A taco at thn window I I had been sitting at a round tablo oloae to tbo window, and wbon 1 roue 1 bad dona so with ray back to tha light. N-.iw, I turned swiftly round, fol lowing tbo direction ol Ilia oyes. Looking past, mo, tha} were (lxed on n oorner of tbo window. But thcro waa no faoe to bo ecen. Gait was wiping bis brow with hia bandker. nhii'f. ' Have yau been drinking?' I aoked, ' Nt-, sir.' Thcro waa no indignation in bis anawor. ' Umpb I I am ourpriscd to boar it,' I naid, ' For shame, man I pluck up a spirit, Now go UownHtairo and oomposo yourself. You ocn tell Ourolino to briogma up another plate.' When the plate had berm brought I ro snmod my broakhat. Hcally Oalt was bo ?oroiDg unbo«r»bl8. Wu ba going onl of hvB mind f Or was it merely that flometbinB had unstrung bis nerves ? A man muBt be pretty far gone — farther, I thought, than could be comfortable for hia neighbors — bo- fore he could conjure up taoea in broad day light, and — What wqb that ? I wau out of my obair in the 13ft.li of a second, for with tho tail of my eye, as I reached ncrosB tbo table for tbo salt, I had seen a faoe at my elbow — a face glued to tho pano, and such a one I A faco, white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long upper lip, nud llarjkad by hugo ears I A Krccdy fnco, with dull eyes, that glared in upon ma. I was nut frightened, but f waa sttiitleil. Thu faco was uneipested, and it waa horribly clo£o to me. Itwa3 no wonder thtt I sprang up aa I did. Ycit tbe thing wsis hardly seen — I had barely turned my full gaza upon it — before it was gone. ' The impudent scoundrel I' 1 cried, when my first surpt iaa waa over. ' 1 will soon put a Hop to that I' 1 run to tha front door, and opouing it, locked into the struct. Near r-t band there wni no oue, In tha distance two or three broughams wcrn waitiup, a butcher's cart was ratlliiiR cir, liulf a dozen penple wcro fioing this way or that. Dut no ouowas by ibo win dow. Vet tbia did not greatly aotonieh mo. The liouees in Grosvenor street have project ing porticoes whioh would hide n fugitive, though bis pursuers were but a few yurdfl dis tant. My first impulse was to go up tbe strcot, hatltPH 03 I was, and bunt him out. But after all he bad dono no harm, and I oon tentgri myself with vowing vengcenoe it bo should repeat hia insolence, and went back to my breakfast. Though I oould still laugh at tho Berious way in whioh Gait bud taken i», I did not return to my old seat. I removed my plato so that I might face the window, ttjinehow tho faoe hsuated my memory disagreeably. It my eyes fell upon a dark earner, a pala imago of tbo U.U features and fishy eyes shaped itself in tho gloom. Tho furniture, too, took queer forms where tho firelight fell upen it, and this went so far that I f-jit tientiibly relieved when I wks fairly outside tho houDO. But that day being a bu.;y one, by tbe evening 1 had forgoltbu my donmatio concerns, and when duolinc look off tho covers at dinner 1 asked whoro G.ils was. Gnlt -.7:13 not very well and had gone to bis room to lie clo.vn. ' I do not think that be hnd been well for aoms time,' Iromarked. 'No, eir,' said Caroline, nolemjily. She shook her bond, as it she could fully aooount for it, ' Wnat do yon think ia tho matter ?' I w.is constrained to as):. ' Woll, eir, we think it in the smell of the dontor'a duff.' ' 0 1, indeed,' I auar/ored, much tickled. 11 Has yon are not ill?' 'Nj, sir. Uit you ace, Gait— ha is aioro in the dootor'a room, llo haa been in there a good bit lately, and he ia not like the same man.' ' That reminds* mo of something,' I Enid. 'I left my littla silver match-box on the oornc-r of tbc t iblo in that room tliij mntn ing. Will you fetch it for me botote 1 furfjut it, Onroliue?' V/.iila alia was about my errand, I, think in;! over what s'jo had eniil, bcMfin to boo a connection between Gjh'a oddity, nr illnaos, cr whatever it wag, and Ihauoriaultiiig-ruom. I saw b clear oonncction. Still there oonl.i not be anything in what tho nervant Hair). Djotor'B Btiill I That was nbnurd, An;l it was still moro absurd to supposo, though I disliked the room myself, that there could bn any malign influence about it. That wau riibbiuh indeed, yet— A ahnli scream, and the violent closing of a dcor, cui Hhoit my reajoui-ig. 1 runout into tba hall. Tha t ? i r 1 was leaning egainst tba w.ill under tho lamp, her hand prt-ssed to liar aido, her breath ooniin*; In t'oapH. She was on tho verge of {minting, Luckily her cry had reached othnr c;ir=, and the 000k oimo flying from below, whiiu on an upper landing, I, looking nboiit for any causn of fear, caught a glimpse of O?.U'a palo face peering down at uu, 11 Goodncra, Caroline I what is tbo matter now?' I niked roughly. I was getting very tired of thsaa excurainna and alnrmn, and was finding it more and more hard not to elurt and khnoe behind m:\ as Ualt did. ' f Haw a fuo: — 3 fnoe,' oho uobbo-1. ' At ths wiiiilow?' I asked eagerly, ' No, sir. Ovor — over th« mantdnholf. ' ' Tho mumir.y'u head. Why, you r.co that every day I' I oricd, ''Thoro uiui-t htive been Bomothing el^o besiiie that to frighten you ?' ' Thsre — there was t'omatbiug elae,' Oiiro liuo guspcd. ' hi-t' a raeroyl'1 exalaimed the cook, looking behind her and then at me to kg? thr.l 1 wai, not having thorn. ' W'lmt eli-e ? What tlsa I Wliat cliso did yon sco J' I repeated impatiently, B'U, and it «ra*i provoking enougli tomako a siiut uycsr and return violently to his dinner, Carolioo would uot *~R.y. No, iboagh I nt'kcd her again and again, un 1 in tho main r-ho was autout and esnsiliSo girl. She bad seen so jitthing ila-3 bolide tho ):;.-.(!, tu d that wsa nil nba would tell uu. I ujnshidcd in tbo end that eho was ernbrciuo:in;j thu matter, r-ud thnt all eho had noen vriui t!u- muramy'ij bead, upon which, [itr'nipn, tha light paeaing through tbo opon door might have fall'ju with a now tfTeet. I wunt biiok to my dinner ; bui flrsi 1 took tbo limp anil thoroughly eee.rched tho 0 *-n- eulting-rocm. 0! courr.e 1 found n.-.thim;, or nothing that thould not have liccn there, Tho mummy's faco smirked upon mo 11:1 obnnged, eava that it lookcil a littla moro diity. Tha preparations iu their bottles be low it worn untouched, nud in the midst of them tho board on which tho doctor j iroit-.l bio cards ot invitation stood us fiVEhiunobly untidy aa ivsr. It, too, wnuM have been the bolter, whero ic waj not bidden by ' fixlurep,' for a littla soap aud water. There waa nothing rgw in tho roora ; no thing bad boon removed cr shared. Vet 1 ec&rohcd; under tbo table and iu tho cup board*. I could not get tho f;ice I bad esau at tba window out of my mind, The very features fif tho parchment mask above mo put on a grotesque likeness to it. But by thia time I was in a condition to imagine any thing. Anything? No, uot quito anything. For surely that cry was not t»noy, oould no4 be fancy. Tnt.t short, quick ocroaiTi, whioh atunc nhooUug up tba Btaircaoe Iato that night, and pieiotd rny oara, so that I dropped tbe extinguisher and snatched up Ibo candle stick I That was not fanoy. it waa real, an real as tha whita, startlud faoo I saw peering iuto tho looking-Rlnsa a moment later. 'lli-.iB it all I' I muttered hastily. 'I cannot stand this. I shall be aceing a ghost next, Ia the houuo bewitched ?' L ran down Min stain, listening as I went. Thcro wnn uiloncn above and below. I loiobcd iho lowest flight and baited nbruptly. From tbcro I ooultl eee tho ball, and raining my oitiille abova my bead peered downward. Ah I what was it? Who was it I Stop by step 1 or.tne down until I touobod a proetrata [arm. Then I sot the aandlo on tbe stairs, and atooptd ovar it, Thank Heaven, there was no blood I It w.19 Gait, and ha was alive. With an eilort I turned him over, ro. Boiling an instant oa a olasp-knifu rolled from hii) hand. 1 picked it up, nnd be bIrIioj. He had merely fnintcd, thtm, and pushing tha mat under hia head i roso to my Feat, my Urst fears relieved. I looked round. Tbe dining-room door was wide open, that of the consulting-room waa n jar. Without taking up tlio candle, with scarea a moment'd thought, I flung tba latter opon and stood on tho threshold look ing in. I held my breath and nhlvered, I lonfcan, for I saw whn» bo had Boon and Caro lina bad co en ? ~.«'- overcoming tho firet nervona denir. ' nry out or floe, I otood looking tho tbintj in tbo face until all fenr ivas none. Truly in the faeo — for IJ was a 'ftco I saw— a luminous doath'o head. Eycr, noutli, and noatrila were blaofc aaverna in a )»lo lambonj mMk, Ii was stlm onouab, But taking into aooount its position over tba (ireplnoo, a moment's reflection eatisfled me that someone bad trickled out the poor mummy's bead with luminous paint, and then had written below it on the fixtures board, in letters rough, but clear, ' Thief 1' Thief I I understand tbo word, the some thing clnQ which Carolina had seen ; but who had written it, or why? Vot it clearly be hoved mo to find out. In the niek, and also at the junction of tbe nteel aud baft, were Bomo fragments of a thing almost aa etrango i iu that house— dry earth. We hnd no garden ' at One Hundred aud Ninety, except the win dow garden nt ruy elbow; and why should Oalt Imve beon digging in the half -barrowful of earth which it held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight? Wljy, indeed I 1 brought the candles oloae to tba window, and cammed the surfaoe ot the scanty soil which made up our sole garden ground. Surely I waB on tho trnok, for on putting aeido fair Bizcd fcrna 1 saw that the. handful ot earth against the baso of tho liivgost alone bad been lately moved And watered. With tho knife I dun out tbo damp mould. 1 waa uot a bit surprised to find that a tiny oavern in or under tho otona beaamo visible. I thruet in my band, and feeling a handful ot hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. IIo iv I started at eight of them I How they flashed and glittered in the pale rays of tbo caudle I They wore diamonds — a neok 1 laao, pendant nnd bracelets. They were in j their setting?, when tho sound of heavy breathing behind me warned mo to turn. Our eyes mot, Gait's and mine. ' Thief 1' I naid. ' Give them to mo I' bo muttered doggedly, itrctchini; out hia bane1. ' Nothing of the kind,' I answered. I [?till held bia knife, and tbcro was a moment when I fait glad 1 had it. Tha man was a coward, but a coward in a oorner ia an awk ward thing. 1 bad tbo knife, howo?or, and did not quail, ' Nothing of tho kind, yon thief I'1 1 thundered, ' I shall bo more likely to give you to tho police unless you tell me this ni.iment the wholo truth.' A knock came to the door. ' You will not ro,' ho muttered, 'MoEt certainly I Bbali,' 1 returned; and pausing through tbe ball opened tbo door. A mnn stopped qnlekly in nnd removed hia bat. lla waa tha man who called to canvas for tho directory. 'You aro Mr. Williams?' he aaid with a steidj look at me ' I urn Barry to drop iu at a queer hour, but 1-nEineen ie business, and minu innnjilcKBrtiit,' ' Peilwipg you will c-xpl&iu; what it in,' I rcplisil, I hod an uncany piocenliruent of tbo truth ; and surely enough he ansv,Trcd: 'I am a deteotivo, Mr William*'. You bavo iho prc'occds of r j.'Wtl robbery hero, uml it ia my duty to wnru you lint everything you Bay will ba given .19 ovid':noa ngninst you,' ' TIjhI I eaj I' I crioii. ' AgiinBl mo I Me ? Vou .-.ro forgetting yonrsioif, man(' Good benvene this was ton absurd I And yet — r.ml jet my rivht hand bidden In my pocket wit ola.'pinr; th-- jiwelE — was full of tho stolen prorieily ! Ho wondar that I grew hot all ovn: 1 ' IiDlter LiVa ii na?y, fir. 1 have not bOi-n looking in at lli.-vt window yonder n do?.?n tiinua u day for nothing. When 1 enw that Jiru'o pl.'.nt — Jim in my pnl, who did that bit ot p.\uiti!i^ iuuido thorn, and iifie;ralic.l tbo rooiii too v;bcn hu was oliianing tho window —when I row you comu dawn v/i'.h a light, and your man nil of a heap upon thu door, I thought it 0 Roodlimo to drop in. And now, iJron will Iibiiu ever tbo otonen oomfortr.bly ki'.iI ouietly, why it is likisly that it will bo baior for both of yon.' A gronu procardirij! trora tho open door ot tho coiiEultmR roora provud that Gait was lijlcniiig, For myself, nnH/'r nud jierp'.exity fl'iOA' ruo asunder. 1 mat iho lUteotivu'u cun ning cyo, and clenched my fiat. I folt tho jowela between my ungeri', and turned eiolc with terror. 'Ia the nc-rvant in thcra?' asked tho mau pointing over hia sliuultlcr. I nodded assent. IIo made a sign th*U I fhould go iu first;, and I obeyed, though tbo blood flaw to my fnct1, and I felt ao if tbn prison warder's hand already oast its nhtvlown upon mo. Gait Etill sst huddled up in bin ohair, r.nd a;i I took my pluco btside him tiif itc-tcative eyed ua both with a oor.tsr.ipt ho did nnt try to eoncoal. 'A protty pair 3 on aro I Tha id«n ot such as you trying on tliij game I Why, it ia enough !o tnako a dog lisugli I' And laugh I10 did. Uow I hated him for bin vulgar triumph I ' Look hen1,' 1 R-ii.l ; ' you will behavo yourself properly wViilfj you nro in rny house, my man, You know na well Rtf I 'Jo that I urn no thief.' II You havo got tha plunder,' bo enid, bo coioini{ grava again. ''And you aad your &cc3ni;{-lice huve it hiddtio awny Romewhoro for tbo jiiut foriii^'it. It will be for you and him lo E.iy bovi it '.vim come by.' GulS looked up, the picture of — rclabcd- ntef. II 1 found ii in tho Jcttcr-box ono morning,' ho muttered. ' Tha rubbery in bond ritrcet waa ia tho papora Ibo sium) moruiiig.' Tho doUativo uodileJ taK'*'ly. ' 1 thought so,' in.1 isiawiirtd. ' Tha burg larii wcra chased. One wan taken a few yirda from here. Vi'u found nothing upon him, but ho owned up Hist bo had dropped Bomo of Iho plimdtr through tha letter olit o' 3 house s few dcoru awny. I ppotSed thiu houis. kn& now it will ba only a qaaution of recoiviug RO.'ida krorfiiii? them to have been Btolun. I i2;irear.j Ibnt if tho things are restored at ouco that no clurgo will bfl made.' ' Hero is tho jswellory,' I rcpliad boRlily. ' I only disoovtrcd ltd presence in tbo liotlfO a few niiuut'j.i S|(0. 'Anil your Bcrvfttit ?' ha neked, us be anttlohcd ot the jewels. Tho beads of pei'sj'irr.lion were slandiog on GnU'sbrow, lfalmd been an honeBt mnn beforo the riisoovery of that mans of bril liauts in tba letter-hoi had corrupted him. 11 I arnqaito suro ho wi-1 tell the truth,' 1 aaij. ' I will anov/er for hia appearance. Do you not think you aould manage mat ters?' ' I think I could,' ho anBwerod slowly. ' I think I oould cijuare it, and do no wrong to onyono— for a consideration, Eir.' I mttdo o barauin with tbe ofliser. Ho was to Imve twenty pounds, and to Jet it bo in ferred tbat Gait voluntnrily or.rne to him with tha Btolon property. ' Wait for mo iu tho hull,' I Baid, taking a candle from tbo table ; ' I muet fetch tbo monov from my bedroom.' Onlt and tho dotcctlro were standing to gether in tho hall, looking at ono another aa ill-tumpercd dogs look. 'Hovo is your money,' I said. ' Now bo oateful thnt you fulfil your part of tbo bar gain,' llo put tba notes in hi3 pocket. 'Ycu will bear no moro ot it,' ba caid, cmphaticnily. Gait muttered hifl p.rr.Litudi?, while I put n Hop to bin cfltiBiva thank/uluces. 'Oo to bed,' I said, brucquely, ' and do not feel ton eara that ho will keup liin word.' But our midnight visitor did keep to the letter. Wo have not since betv'd ot him, or of the jowelg. As day after day p:\B301l, and Btill no paragraph nppenred in ths nowu papora, 110 summons arrived in Grosvouor Btrnot, tho trnth bewail lo dawn upon mo, 1 raada aautioun' inquiries in Scotland Yard, nnd learned that two man bad been oonviotod of the robbery, but tho diamonds had never been toutid, aud their disappearance bavo be como a zlmiding mystery. 'Theroaro moro of tha gang abont,'Baid tho inspector. '' Wo have our eyea upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing ; nnd wo cannot ceo how tho men who were in it ooold hnve paitaed tho plunder to them.' I can ace very well how it waa done— very well, end bow any littla oxponsoa attending tho prooeBa wcro paid; but 1. am shy and □ervoup. I blnsh, it is trne, as I pass a cer tain goldsmith's shop in Bond street, but 1 keep my own councel So doooQalt. 757 