? ^ > (BV THE .HORNET.) For I'll tell of some tilings that Mou'l like to , ••%, —OLD~ I made reference last .jveek to '.thfe sure I experienced at the fact that' DEMOCRAT was"beirig formed ; Snto V'ci pany, and as showing the lai-gip amount of interest; in all circles, taken in the project, I may' mention that a "superintendent of one of our Sunday schools tppk the.opportunity "Suo4ay_jjfI mentioning the DEMOCHAT, whilst relating a fairy story to his .little boys and girls. Let me express the hope that 'the. superintendent .referred to will add actibns to words and have his name inscribed on the DEMOCBAT share Ust. : • --- » *\ * That 'Beaconfield ghost Jepisode has had " even its ludicorous aspect. Some time ago —for the scoundrel has been perpetrating his joke(?) for a considerable time—he assailed an old lady who happened to be a member of the Salvation Army. The poor old soul dropped on her knees and after confessing that she had not perhaps done all she ought to have done, nevertheless, she hoped Mr. Ghost would pardon all heir misdoings. Instead of going down on his knees to the old lady as he ought to have done and a thousand times begging her pardon, the wretch delivered a severe homily on the error of wrongdoing, and farwelling bid the old lady go and do so no more. It is needless to say she got up and a „ * * # It does however seem strange, with the number of young and able-bodied men that Beaconsfield is possessed ot, that this ghost fiend has not been laid hold of. Let the young fellows form themselves into a baud and spread around of an evening, and if they don't make a capture I shall be greatly mistaken. Perhaps it the authorities were to offer a slight reward it would be the means of a speedy capture. And when the ghost is "nabbed" I trust the capturers will string him up to the nearest tree, • < • • The way of transgressors is hard and the way of the transgressor's horse was much worse. The parson, who was one of the occupants of that trap last Sunday when the accident took place, which resulted in the death of the horse—by rifle shot at the range of two yards—evidently overlooks Commandment No. IV. It is the "old wheeze " Don't do as I do, but do as I tell you." Now, had his reverence remembered to have kept the Sabbath Day holy, by not being the means of making his neighbor's cattle work, then the horse would not have bolted—no doubt" it was the animal's adversion to work on the Sabbath day that made it restive—the trap would not have been smashed up, that rifle shot would not only have been saved, the sin of breaking the law as well as the Sabbath, but there would have been exhibited a pattern of consistency. But the teachings and the doing. Oh, what a difference. 