ins ANGEL ! By HENRY HERMAN. « <fcathnr of ' Scarlet Fortuue," "Eagle Joe," " Between the Whiffet' " A I-eadtng Laiy," lor Old Virginia," etc. CHAPTER VIII. (Continued.) The rest of the day was maTkcd in red letters iu the caloudar of Mr. Turner's de bauchery. He determined to ceicbrato his prosperous progress by gottiug aB drunk as the nrovtobiaVlord, but there was a spico of wis- dom in his fofjy» for he made up hie mmu to get the full moaauro of his intoxication early in the evening, so that ho might bo able to Bleep ' off its effects before his eon called tho following The idea waB no sooner concoived than acted upon, aud a dozen lords could not nltogotbor bo tuoro iuebrinted thau Mr. Tumor was half an hour after ho had fairly started. When the old ruflian waa intoxicated, ho wae distinguished by three prominoiit charac- teriatics, tho first beiug tho mad liberality with which he bought drinks for everybody with- in sight; the second his animal craving for female eociotv, goncrally of the lowest, the. tnoBt dogradeu, and the most boisterous typo ; and, thirdly, a spirit of fiory pugnacity, which inevitably resulted in quarrels, Tho senile debauchee, haviug had hiefnll fliug in spemluD' his son's allowanco, and having -BUiTOumlod himself with throo damsels who woro quito as capable as he in tho consumption of ardent liquors must needs get at loggerheads with a brawny, fair-haircd, Swedish sailor, the result being that ho was iu a trico severely kicked, badty bruised, end obliged to fly for his life to lits bedroom, minus his fniil oues, aud minus a ready supply of whiskey. It is said that a special providenoo watches over such unworthy drunkards &s; he, anil "in this caso ho fared indeed bettor than ho deserved, for the excito- raont and tho drink combined resulted in his falling nsleop aud not wdking till early next raorniug, Tho dawning day found Mr. Turner rubbing his black bruises, but glad to discover that no bones were broken. A "big gulp of whiskey Bteadicd his shaking 'nerves, -aud after collect ing his wits, ho felt himself ready to meet his son. Tho old ruffian pretended to bo suffering from a bad hcadacho wheu the latter' cilted. "I've -bin an1 took a glass too much last night, my boy," ho said, 44 but I shan't do it asm. I guess it ain't so easy to get shut of an old habit liko that. I was stone tired last night. I'd bin bavin' a dorned long walk up town an back agin. Long walks do mo good. An I've bin' Fookin' for a man as I've bin wantin' to corao up with for over so long. I've had a grudgo agin him thi3 many a year, an' I want to got on tho prairie with him." " Who is it?" asked young Underwood casually. 44 Oh, I guess vow don't know hun, ' answered tho old villain, in his best comedy style, koepiug his coldly glittering eyo fixed upon the young man. 44 It's a roan that's dono me a mountain of wrong. I don't know as ycw'va over heerd o' my parduer, Joe Robin son, Hell-fire Joo ; he was a rough 'un, but he woin't a bad 'un if yew knowed him, Waal, that man as I've bin a-wantin' to meot banged hira, an' he would' have'hauged me, I tell yew, if ho'd cotcbed mo.'' " I should have thought that this is not the sort of acquaintance yon would caro to meot again," retorted young Uuderwood, with 'cold smile." 44 Oh, I've got my reasons." exclaimed Mr. Turner. 44 Joo Robinson had a daughter. She was quito a baby when poor Joe was lynched, but now I guess shn'd he uigh on twenty year old. The brute thathunced her father carried her off, an' he's bin brincin her up as his : own daughter, but I won't hsivo the gell kept ignorin' of her falhor'a name." 44 Where is the girl ?" asked the young man, getting interested in Iub father's recital. 44 Who is tho man ?" 44 1 reckon yew might havo heerd about him," answered tho old man, looking fixedly at his son. 44 He's worth a pile. He's got an alt-fired flue house on Fifth Avenue. His name is Dan Kershaw." That bolt, to Mr. Michael Turner's blank dismay, went wide of the mark, and returned to strike the rafiiau's own head, liko a misdirected boomerang. Hubert Underwood, his eyes aglow with fierce resentment, with biB teeth bard set and his fists clenched, turned his chair, and glared his father full in tho face. , You have been following me," he cried with a quiet intensity. "Confess it. You have beau following me, or I muy forget that lam your sou,, and throttle you." The turn which. tho affair had taken so took the old man by surprise that ho could only ..-stammer, ' 44 1 ain't dono notheu. I've got a right to take a walk if I want to. I guess I've got—" . ".Confess yoa'vo been playing the spy upon ma," repeated Hubert with slow deliberation. It will be better for you to tell tho truth." . Mr, Michael Turner took a convenient refuge in au assumption of offended silence. 44 Well," continued tho young man, "sinco yon will not speak, I will confide to you what J have done. I naturally wanted to know how yon came to Now York, when you came, in what wise you came, where you came from, and I employed the time you occupied iu dogging my footstops by setting an inquiry agent to discover particulars of Michael Turner's— Cheeeofoce Mike's— latest career." The old man's pale features turned a ghastly ashen at that unexpected sally. 44 The agont required only two days," tho young journalist went on slowly and coldly, . 4l,to discover that , Michael Turner was, about . Ihxeo weeks ago, an inmate of tho gaol at Cleveland, Ohio, having boon condemned to a lengthened term of bard labour for theft and attempted murder in & houso of ill-fame, Ho learned farther 'that Michael Turner, together with two other convicts, escapod from that prison during tho sudden illness of the bead gaoler, who, it has sines been proved, was poisoned by accomplices, and that tho Cleve land polios are at this moment actively search ing for Mr. Michael Turner. Now. as a good citizen, it is my duty, to inform the pollco of the whereabouts of Cheesefaco Mike, and by heaven I will do it if you stir out of this house another yard withoot my express permission, if you as much as whisper what you said to me just now to a living soul." 44 Yow'd havo yowr father sent back 'to : pris'n r'hisflodthe'bafllod scoundrel. "Waal, a fine thiug it would be for all tho world to rood in the papers that Mr. Hubert Underwood tho nice vouug goutleraan, is tho soil of a thief." " 44 Don't you lay the flattering unction to .. vour soul that you can scare mo with that bogey. " ' There would l>e no roport in tho papors about your arrest. I'd call in tho first policemon aud give you into custody. There would lie no trial, and if there were, T would only have to explain my position to tho news' editors, and there is not a pi|>er in .Now York or the States which would report tho case. I'vo got you by the throat, and give vou tho option to live com fortably on such reduced allowance as I will now make you, or go back to jail. But I'll do my best to prevent you from harming those I care for, as sure as there is a God ahovo us who'll absolve me if I curse and hate my own fathor. Now do your damnedest at your peril." 44 Go'ly !" exclaimed tho old villain, when his son had left tho room. 44 He aiu't the fool I took hira for. I might ha' kuowed it," ho added, nearly proudly, "he's my son." Ho was uot long left in doubt for confirma tion of tho surprising discovery that Hubert was not tho fool ho had thought him to bo, for less than five miuutesafterthe closo of their inter view, the proprietor of tho Nelson Grand hotel opened the bedroom door, aud harelyputtiog in his head with the remark. 44 Oh, you're there oil right, are you V" closed the dour again. The moment ufterwards Mr. Turner heard the key turned in the lock, uud a sudden whito rage seethed within him. Ho bounded to the door and tried tho handle. He waa locked in. It would be neither desirable nor profitable hern to record or imitato tho avalauche of oaths and curses with which tho cagod scoundrel greeted this novel state of things. Ho raved, end jumped, uud daticod up aud down the room like a lunatic, tearing his sparse hair, and knocking his head against the wall in sheer losauo fury. Haviug exhausted himself in such futile rage, he flew to his habitual fountain of relief, the whisky bottle ; but that was empty, and not a drop could he wheedle orcoox out of it to moisten his parched throat. He ran to tho hell aud rang it violently,, but ' obtained no responso. Thereupon he com menced to hammer at tho door like a madman, screochiug and 6croamiog. shooting himself . hoarse at the same time with tho filthiest and most loathsome language ' that over defiled human lips. By-ond-by the heavy tread of the stalwart landlord reached tlie third floor, and the bed room iloor was opened. Mr. Turner, by that time, was nearly 6peecb. less with frenzy. 44 You're a fine old villain," exclaimed the proprietor, standing there with arms crossed over his chest. " iVtadviso you to make less <publisbed by apodal aarangement wV-Gbe pttb /gAherf, Ward, Jxdt and Co. mis© if you don't want to get that ugly head o yours broken." 44 How daro yon lock mo in?" roared Mr. Turner. 44 Dare V" encored tho landlord with a laugu. I'll dare lock you in agaiu, and more than that. If it's got to be, Pll gag you, and tieyou hand and foot. How will you like that, you old thief Tho aged scoundrel would have tlowu at tho proprietor's throat, had not tho letter's broad chest betokened a forbiddiug strength. Ho glared about him for a weapon, but saw nouo ready to his hand. 41 Yew've got no right to locknio to, he whined in a sputtering rage. "It's agin tho law. It's agin tho law." 44 Law r" was the contemptuous reply ho got. 44 1 guess you've had your stomachf ul of the law, and will get it again, no doubt. I've (<ot uiy instructions from Mr. Underwood. \ou vo got to stay in this room until you're ^per mitted to movo. And more than that. Not a drop of liquor will you got while you're here. Anu if you make tho slightest attempt toescapo, I'll have to take von by the scruff of tho nock, and run you out into tho street, and hand you over to tho first policeman. Now, which is it to bo?" , ,, llis rage and dlscomfituro overpowered tho white-haired rogue, and ho sat dowii on tho bed and fairly blubbered. The landlord throw out an 44 1 guess you understand what you've ot to do now," and loft tho room, locking the oorbebinn him. CHAPTER IX.— 44 YOU IlAVS T28.V MY FATJIKII." While tbo black thunder clouds of the ex posure of hor fathor'b shaoic were rolling nearer and threatening Miss Angel's peace, the , young lady was in tho happiest and busiest of moods. An outfit had to be ordered, and for the first time in her young lifo Mbs Kershaw took an interest— a groat interest' — in female fiuery and milliner's artifices. She considered that, in going abroad, she was leaving her couutry which was hor own home, and where she could dress as she pleased, for one where tho foibles of ceremonious society bad to be takou into nccouut, and where a sophftd to ha thrown to the Cerberus of fushion, if «bo do- sired to associate with people who were her equals in station. Sho had shrewd common sense enough to understand that, whilst in Now York and tho states, Bhe was Miss Kershaw of Angelica City, a personality whom most peoplo know, and who could afford to dross as simply or as oddly as sho pleased— in Europo tho customs and habits of society would have to bo considered, and she would not bo able, for instance, to go to a dinner party in her ordinary walking dress, without attracting un charitable notice. Much as sho disliked it, therefore, at first, sho had to hand herself over to tho tender mercies of tho fashionable dressmaker. But appetite comes with eating, ond whether it was that tho enthusiasm of tbo modiste about gorgeous gowns, aud mantles, and what not < was contagious, or that tho vouug lady had never really understood what delight tho female mind cau lrad over the selection of materials, the all- important decisions unent cut aud shaj»o, and especially over that superlatively exciting occupation of trying on. Miss Angel's opinions about frocks and fro jk-liuildsrs gradually, but surely, underwent a complete change, and sho was as happy over hor uowjy disc ivered excite ment us a cliild qvor a new toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted with her philo sopher aud guide, the fashionable milliuer and dressmaker, deep in the study of tbo intricacies of the ln6t Parisian edicts relating to frocks, when Hubert Underwood was adinittod below, aui immediatclv proceeded to tholibrary, where' he hoped to find naniol Kenhaw. Thoyouug man was palo. His eyes wan dered about the room restlessly, aud his bauds trembled. Mr. Kershaw happened - to' be! momentarily ubsout, and to the youug jour- ) nalist the few minutes that elapsed before the millionaire cutored the library appeared in terminable. Tho 'old pioneer at once noticed the pecu liarly nervous condition of the usually eo calm; and uuexcitubte young man, aud immediately faced him with tbo remark : 44 Thar'e soraethin' gone crooked, hoy, I know. What sit?" 44 Mr. Kershaw," answered Underwood, 44 1' had iuteuded, if possible, to spare you the worry and auunvance which are bound to' arise from tho disclosure I havoto make to you, bat matters have takou such a turn that I deom it my duty to tell you what has hap pened." i 44 Hold bar J,V exclaimed the old man. 44 1 guess what yow'ro goin to toll me ain't as sweet n« maple sugar, aud if yew don't mind,- I'll sit down to ft. Now, my boy,'.', ho con tinued, seating himself in his big armchair,' 41 yew can start, an.run, an' race, an'. have the wholo length o' tho rood." , 44 My father, the father of whom I have such reason to bo ashaaiod," contiuued' Hubert,1 with an auxious tremor thrilling iu his voice, 44 is in New York. Ha has been in New York for some days.' It was Dauici Kershaw's turn now to feel his nerves tiugling with an unaccustomed trepi dation. He had faced dangers of all kinds over and over again ; he hod laughed gaunt death in the faco on scores of occasions, but shame, and especially sharao and distress to his Augel, affrighted him. A gboBt hud haunted him for two or three days past, a ghost called up by Micbaol Turner's face which tic had seen from his wiudow, tho ghost of Hollfiro Joo that scowled at him of a night, aud glared at him from odd corners of hie dreams, and pointed with claw-liko fingers to its torn and swollou neck, and cried, " What right have vou with my daughter ? Give up my daughter! Tell her that you killed me ! " 41 Waal," ho said slowly, 41 that aiu't news aB ono would print, an' 'buy a frame for, an' hang iu the parlour, but I guess it wos to be some day or other. I reckon ho wants money, au' he'll havo to have it.' i " I have givon him money," retorted Under wood, bitterly, "hut it is like droplets thrown into tho ocmd. The moro you give, the more he wastes iu debauchery, and tho moro ho wants. That would be little, but he has just escaped from gaol, and tboro is uo crirao thut ho would not commit, whon iu drink, or to get drink. He made u great show of being auxiou to reform, uud very nearly succeeded m throw ing dust iu my eyes. Luckily ho betrayed him self, and ho betrayed himself over a real or pretended grudgo against you." "Agin mo?" cried tho old mau in astonish ment. 44 What's he got agin me ?" Tho whole story had to do told— the sore had to bo laid fully bare. " lie says," continue 1 Hubert, with slowly nervous deliberation, "thut you baugod his partner, IlbUfire Joe, that you nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is ilcllfiro Joe's daughter, and that ho will not allow her to remain iu ignorance of her father's nuine." The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face, and stonily hardening features, silent and grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, tho lips opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, ehono in his oye9. " Miko Turner yowr father," hissed Kershaw, an' ho'll tell my Angel that her father was u murderer, an' that I hanged him. Not much ho won't, I reckon. Whur is be?" he de- mended nearly savagely. 44 1 havo him safe for the moment," answered Underwood, aghast at tho impression his announcement had mad o upon the millionaire. 44 He ia under lock and key iu a small hotel in Cunel street, and tho proprietor i koeping watch and guard over him." " But yew eayn't keep him thar for ever," cried tho pioneer. 41 Let's keep our head j cool, on' see that tho primiu'e dry. It wou't do now to go to Yewrup, au' leave him hyar. That would look cowardly, an' uo mau or devil shall ever say that Ditu'l lCersliaw wos nirnid of him. It aiu't yewr fault, my boy, thut Cheesefaco Miko is yewr father, any moro thau it's uiy Angel's fault that ilcllfiro Joo was hers." He had confessed the hard naked truth without knowing that ho had confessed it, but, now that it was told, he folt the load of a millstono taken from his mind. For years he hud jealously guarded the secret. Now another man shared it, tho man of all others inott likely to shield, with tho bulwark of his owu life, her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that his betrothed was of us lowly, us mean, and as despicable birth as himself, was so steeped in his lovo that he felt not oven a tinge of added joy over the dis covery which brought Angelica Korshaw to a nearer level with himself. Sho was not lowered ahuirsbrcudth in his esteem, in his reveronco, in his adoration. Only a tromorous pity, a tender sorrow that annointed his Jove, and made it u trifle softer and balmier. Not a re mark, not un exclamation of ourpriso escaped from his lips. His Angel was his Angel, and ho would as lief have cbidcd a butterfly for having sprung from u chrysalis ns having Jreamed of deeming It a reproach that sho was as low-boni as himself. 44 1 guess yow'vo got to let mo hnndlo that father o'vewrn," continued Daniel Kershaw. 44 It aiu't to he reckoned as yow'd keep the grip on him another man could. He ain't quito a dog gouo fool. Cheesefaco Miko aiu't. If he's escaped from pris'n, ho knows that ho cau bo sent back ugiu. He may think that his son wouldn't do that, but ho'e tasted samples of my pepper aforo, sn Igaowhi montb is smurtin' yet, Thar'e two things ' be did. Mike Turner's got to he made to keep a dose tongue, and"— here the old man's voice dropped, nm\ a tremor vibrated through it— I 44 my Angel's got to know that I aiu't horf fathor." 1 44 But surely——" exclaimed Hubert.' 1 44 Oh, don't yew go au' frighten yourself," interrupted Kershaw. 44 1 ain't goin to toll her nothen about ICedfiro .Too an' his gallows. Thar ain't nothen to bo gained by that. But I count ns I got to bo honest at last, au tell her as I|vo stole her lovo, an' bog herto forgive mo— forgivo mo." Tho voico became softer aud nearly tearful as ho weuton. It was the voico of a poor repentant stuner proclaiming his hopo of a pardon to 44 Yes, my hoy," he repeated, 44Ivq stolo her lovo ; an' what a moro," lie added with ft stern resolution. 4I mean to koop it, God bom willitT, all tho days of my lifo. Now yew go down town, au' if it can bo did, yew bring that father o'yowru to mo hyar. If it caytft bo did, yew come back an' lot mo know, an ni go down to him." "It's only right," ho mutlarod when the young man was gone, 44 It wasn't fair to start with, an' God knows I'vo tried to fight agin it, an' toll her of it this many a year past." Tho young lady was m a protty pout at boiug disturbed. 44 What a bother, dnddie dear!' sho ex claimed as sbo came into tho room, radiant with tho glow of agreeable orcitoment. 44 Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, and her assistant, and she has to go back nearly immediately! and she can't wait." 44 Sit down horo, my Angel," ho said softly, "Never miud the dreBunakcr for a few minits." 44 A few minutos ?" she oried, pursing her prettvlips. 44 A few minutes?" , - 44 "tea, a fow minits," ho replied. 44 Perhaps ten — perhaps fifteen. Yew 11 givo them .to yewr daddio, won't yew, if he asks yow ?" 44 Why, you'ro as soriousas ajudgo, daddio doar," rejoiuod Miss Angel, soating horsotf on a footstool at liis feot aud looking up into his eyes. 44 What i.» tho matter? What has hap pened r" Ho took lior licad.betweou his two hands and kissed her upon tho forehead, long and ferveutly. 44 1 love yew so, my Angel,' ho breathed. 44 1 beliovo I'd dio if I were forbid to lovo yew. I ain't much of a hand at sayin' whys, nor wherefores, nor hows, bat I know that yow'ro sottled jest hero— jest on my heart, an' growed thar." 4 .. 41 1 know this, daddio darling," she whiapored 8urprisedly. 44 1 havo known it ever sinco I've been able to understand what it is to bo loved." 44 An yow love me, my dear," hocoutinued in tho same teuderiy vibrating half-broken voice. 44 Yew love mo as a good go!! ought to lovo her father. Tell mo, dearie, do yow love me because it's yewr nature, an yew eayn't help lovin' mo?" Sho looked up at him with her big, dark eyes brimming with her heart's full devotednoss. 44 What a question to nsk, daduio!" flho said smilingly. 4,J love you because _ I love you. Becauso you'iotho drarost dnddie iu the world ; because not to love you would bo impossible." Ah, would it?" ho retoreJ. 44Supposo; yewr father was dead an gone long ftgo, an' I've token his place, au given out as I was yewr father." His eves were gluod upon her as he spoke. He watched every movement of her features, an if uil hU hoftven were staked upon her reply. "I don'twunt to suppose any each thing," she answered. 44 What is the good of it?" ' 44 Answer- mo," he-pleaded. "Suppose it wos. Suppose I wosn't yewr father—how would it he then ?" 44 Why,- if it worn so," sho repliod with drooped eyes, and tho fingers of ono hand nervously moving across the open palm of the other, 44 yon have been my - father— I know no other— 1 can think of no ether." 44 But if I had told yew lies," ho wont on in a bourse stoniness,— 44if I had told yow stories that woBu't true, becos I had to say somethin'. yew know, when yew uskod mestions,— au' yew did ask a lot, yew know— all sorts of 'om— about yewr mother, an about things— an' I, I told them one after another, an' one wickeder thau another Bccos, yow see, my doarie," ho cried in au ugonv of confession, 44 1 am not. yewr father, no I'vo lied to yow all this while.-' An now it's had to come out, an yew'll de- spisome." ' - He turned bis face aside and buried It in his hands. She, slowly arid gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy veiling in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks, draw his fingers aside from where they rested, aud encircling bis neck with her «oft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbiug as if hor heart-strings were over- otrainod in their effort to make sweet music. 44 No. daddio darling," she cried. "Nevor, daddie 'darling— never, now, in this lifo which is yours— never, now orhcroafter. Fo« not my fathor? There is only ono forraohesidoayou— the Mastor iu hoaven, A thousand tlmos more my father now, than you ever could have been." Aud kissing him again aud again in such holy ombraco ns a daughter may give to her parent, she laid her head on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer wept with her as though . they both were cliildren. She pulled out her handkerchief and dried his eyes and hers at tbo same time. 44 Listen to me, my Augel," ho whispered. 44 I'll have it off my chest— as mach of it, at any rate, as yew neod be told." A shiver of self-reproach went through him at that moment, as ho reflected that a portion at least of the dread facts wonld haro to bo con cealed from her. 44 Yow wos a tiny weo baby," he went on slowly and stolidly, 44 whon yewr father died — jest about throo year old— an' yow had no odo in the wide, wide world to givo yew as much as a drop o' water— no father, no mother, no siBter, no brother, no nobody. I knowod yewr father. He was not a very good man, but it. ain't my place hyar to say a word agin him .aforo yow, his daughter. Yow' wos 'the prettiest babby that 1 over seed, an' the mo ment I set my eyes on yew I took to yow, on' yew took to me. You conld barely toddle then, on I wos as pleased as a squaw over a now rod blanket to have a little thing like yew crowiu' at mo when I cum home from tho mountiDS or from prairie loafio'. An' then yew growed, on' the moreyew'd growed, the moro yow got to be a need tome, an' I would rather haye done without my pipe, on my whisky, fifty timo9 aye, withont yew. An' then yew got to bo old enough to talk, aud to ask about things, on then the Hos had to begin, and yew called mo daddic, an I didn't liko to say nay to that— it wonld havo hurt mo to say nay to that-, fbon all tho folkB about oallea yow Kershaw's little wench, an' I didn't say nay to that either, an1 tho bigger yew growed, ;ho prettier yew growed, an' yew got to be jest a bit of rav heart Uko, an' a man might as easy havo cut n slico o' that out,. us yew, Then I got rich, an' thq gold cum tumbun in, waggins full, an' I wo» glad it cum. I said to myself, that's all for my Angel, an that plcasod me, yew know, un' made mo work harder, cos I bad yew, tny deario, to work for. An yew growed quito a lady, an' so hansom, an so lovin', an' so kind to me, an4 all tho people loved yow, an' I wos so proud that they aid love yew, an' though I often did think of tollin' yew, I never had tho heart to do it till now. An how I havo told yew, an' you h&von;'t called me names, an' yow'vo kissed tne, on 'in happier than ever I wos, cos I've told yew what yew ought to have knowod years gene." He raisod hor and drew her to his breast, and enfolded her slight framo with bis great strong nrran. and pressed her to bis hoart, and neither of them uttered a whisper for the space of a minute or two. 14 Do not spoukof this again, daddio darling," sho breathed. 44 1 want to know no more about it. I am doubly your child, for now my sonso of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning to feel how much I owo to your love. But for yi'U I might bo a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of tbo prairies— a straw cast before tho winds — and hore I am rich, resmcted, beloved, and cared for. I hovo not yet i>ceu able to arrivo at a full appreciation of my debt to you, but I will soon, dnddie dear, I will. But I'll lovo you all the more, if that bo possible, I'm a fright," she exclaimed with changed counte nance, jumping up and regarding herself in the mirror, 44 ond Mrs. Mortimer will think you've been scolding me, uud have made me cry. 1 don't care,' the added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling her slowing face with her handkcrchiof, 44 let her thiuk what she likpp." She blow a kiss to him as she paused for a moment at tho door. 44 God hlesa you, daddio darling," sho whis- pored, nnd was gone. Gono like a soft breeze that has cooled tho bunting face. Gono liko a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sun-scorched plain. -Gono liko blessed charity that leaves itshappi- ucbs in its wake. Gone as love docs go when it has brought life and hopo, and has promtsod to return. Tho pioneer wis sitting in his arm-chair dreamily, mb he had never remembered himself .before,. A doubt still battled in his mind. Ought I to havo told her all? ho dolfberatod with himself. Ought I to tell her still P No, no, no, no ! camo the answer of his conscience, clear as a clarion: yon must not break her yonng heart and blast all her life with the canksring thought that hor father was on atedasin. At that moment yonng Underwood appeared at the door, paler even than he beeo earlier la the morning. 4 What's tlie sign now?" asked Kershaw, i 44 Is thar a poiuthor loose ?" \ "No," gas j. ad the youug man, but ft t creature that's, far worse. My father has got away again" 44 Got away'" exclaimod the pioueor. 44 Waal I" % %% a t 44 Ho has nearly murdered the of the hotel," contiuued Uudcrwond. 44 Ho maue a ghastly horrible sllng-sliot by filling a heavy tumbler with tho iron tops screwed o« from tho fire-irons, and tying tho lot in a huudkorchief. IIo lay iu wuit behind tho door fur tho poor man, and when tho latter entered to civo him his luncheon, ho struck him a fearful blow over tho hack of tho head, breaking the tumbler into hall-n-dozcn pieces and fracturing the. skull. It is doubtful whother or not tbo wouudod man will live, aud in tlio hurry and skurry my father got clean away." 44 Waal, boy, what do yow propose to dor asked Kershaw. , 44 Heaven ouly knows," replied tho journalist. 44 There'll bo a trial now, and an exposure, and Miss Angelica may hoar nil about it, tor the old villain will certainly not hold hi»t tongue. 0 God," ho .cried, 44is it usiu to wish ouc s own father dead?" (TO TIR COXTJNCKO). 