I MANCLtÈs"AN¿. COWBOYS. (From (the Scotsman.) Another of the picturesque occupations which allure the adventurous and lend themselves to the purposes of romance ison the steep way to extinc- tion. It is probable that in the course of a generation or two the cowboys and the Frenchmen, and even the ranchos, as they have been known to IIB in the pages of prospectus-writers and other story-tellers, will have disappeared from the Wild "West. It is not that the cattle and sheep which have ousted the buffalo from the plains and from the slopes of the Rocky Mouiitainsoiobccomingmoro'scarco. On the contrary, they multiply exceedingly, and stork-fanning becomes every year a more important industry went of the Mississippi. But Uto industry itself is undergoing a grant change. Titles, herds, and herdsmen have become more settled. The "ranges" Themselves are being, steadily circumscribed in area, and with this diminu- tion the numbers of the range stock also tend to melt away. The United States Census Office makes a distinction in resistors of stock kept on farms, of stock housed in town, and of stock grazed on the public lands which are still unalienated. The report W Mr. Mortimer Whitehead, who has acted as special agent collecting the figures, tells us that the range cattle industry may he considered to have leaseholds shortly in the "boom" yours previous to 1885; and that, while its immediate prospects are comparatively promising, and although it may have future vicissitudes of fortune, it can never again reach its former proportions either in territory or in products. The old occupation of the rough-rider and stockman, if it is not gone, is going. To conduct it in the old wild, free way, he must find fresh and unforced pastures, and these will soon be no longer discoverable in the plant. Our grandchildren may look as vainly for him on the Staked Plains of TOXOB US TWO look to-day for a highwayman on Blackhoalh. But the range cattle industry can hardly be said to have approaches its end, seeing that last year, in the nine principal districts where it is still carried on, it owned 0,828,182 cattle, 0,070,002 sheep, and upwards of half a million horses, not to mention mules, "barrels," cases, and swine. Only by comparison with earlier years, when capitalists 'were all running to invest their money in motion, and to stock them with cattle, are those figures other than impressive. The numbers are now probably greater, for over a large portion of the western plains the winter of 1889-90 was exceptionally severe and destructive to range cattle, the loss in Oregon and, Washington ranging from 20 to over 50 per cent. of all stock ; while there (has since been a considerable improvement in the condition of the herds and in the profits of the racehorse i The influences that fight against the range stock industry me, however, permanent and growing. A little ground may be gained in a favourable roar ; but it certain to be surrendered and the coachman driven higher up the hills and deeper into the desert as time proceeds. The rate at which ground is being lost may be seen by comparison with the area, occupied by ringo maing in 1839. During the decade a large portion of Texas, Colorado, Oregon, Washington, and California, one-third of Kansas, and one-half of Nebraska have been given from the Rancho and converted into the farm. Even in Indian Territory barbed wire fences are taking the place of the herdsman and the very Red Man is willing to accept the blessings of a fixed time for tribal tenure and freedom. In Texas, where, excluding the "Pan Handle," there were still 1,854.310 cattle and 800,829 sheep feeding last roar on the public lands, were fences, proprietary land rights, and now, methods of balloting stock, were rushing westward like a prairie fire. In the " Pan Handle," a single syndicate has lately secured title to and fenced in three million acres of land. In Colorado, the range cattle have now been wholly driven to the western side of the watershed, their place in the eastern districts being taken by sheep and crops. The Bookman have been wholly ousted from even the western counties of Kansas, Tobruk also has been struck from the list of raneo-stock Station. Farmers have taken possession of all the bottom lands along the water-courses, have crept up the valleys, and compound the Htoclanon to take refuge in the uplands and hills, and to purchase and force the lands they occupy. The Ducolits, Montana, and Wyoming, on the other hand, can still be described as citadels of the ounce cattle. The idea that the climate of this high and northerly region would prove too severe for' wintering stock has not proved Bound. The buffalo grass has been found as fattening for cotton as formerly for bison and the numerous foothills, canons, and rules furnish capital natural protection from storms. Groithoids have been driven into those districts from the States further south and it is asserted that " a Texas bred full-grown bullock in one year will increase in weight lOOlli. when put upon Wyoming ranges ;" and that before overcrowding began to injure the condition of the stock on the ranges, " the average gross weight of a mature Wyoming steer was ARTICLE." In Montana, whose stock-raising only took root a few years ago, there were three-quarters of a million of cattle on the bed as a rule by the old fashion i expense of about a dollar port over her of the 100 of the wool grower begins to all the kin of the cattle ranchman. Sheepmen are securing a foothold" on the custom cargo of the State, and already have half a million head on the ground ; while behind the shopman is a second wave of crop raisers. Not less remarkable are the changes that are proceeding on the western side of the Rockies. Wunli ington Territory, for instance, was in 1880 " a flourishing grazing district ;" Washington State is now a flourishing wheatfield." Only 10 counties retain ring stock, and area and numbers dwindle yearly. The same story is being repeated in Eastern Oregon, where, reversing former statistics, there are now live sheep for every head of cattle. The ranges of Utah are being gradually destroyed by over stocking, and impinged upon by irrigation farms. This is more markedly the case in California. Fruit- growing and wheat-growing are found more profitable than stock and the Frenchman has fled to higher altitudes before the advance of the railway and the irrigation canal. Arizona in one of the few regions where coaching has not been overdone, and the ranges injured by overstocking. The grazing industry may expand here for a decade or two, provided there are not too many visitations of ill-fortune in tho shape of drought and Indian raids.. In the great pasturing State of Mexico, where there are upwards of a million cattle feeding on the public lands, there have been, on the other hand, great complaints of overcrowding in certain parts, while an enormous area not less than 13 million acres remains in occupied from the want of a certain water supply. Whether this difficulty in the way of pastoral farm- ing on those high arid plateaux can be overcome remains to be soon ; but him your 100,000 head of Now Mexican cattle had to be driven down to Kansas in search of food and water. The herdsman and she shepherd are to be found in their primitive condition along the Mexican border. They are true nomads, living in tents or temporary huts, and subsisting on the produce of their flocks and horiU. " A supply of corn meal and salt constitute the remaining fare, and a few whoop police their chief bed." But change is beginning to affect, this wild region also S and the place that known the rude and simple Now Mexican shepherd will know him no more. Where his Hocks now grass and shift from range to range in search of grass, near future visits report may tell of cornfields waving and fruit trees growing. ranges last year, headed as a rule by the old fashion of " line riding," at an expense of about a dollar per bullock annually. But even half of the 100 of the wool There is no întoiosfingpapoi m Chambms'a Terminal upon 'Strange Diseases and Strange Remedies" IIB observed and practised in Ireland Credulity and superstition are not confined to the ton or classes alone in Ireland A story told me as an actual fact by mi educated lady), the daughter and sister of a clergyman might very well boolitSBid as an instance of both we were discussing the subject of charms, and I xinssurpnsud to see that she believed in them herself, as did also her invoiced brother " I cannot doubt what I know to be of no itself," once said and told as the following tale, which I gave all her own words " There was a man in our village, is respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with an enormous tumour in his book I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile In chin cb when I was a child He mita fowpowsm front of us and could not resist the temptation of watching him all through the service and looking for the grotesque effects of his enormously) exaggerated chook Hw infirmity seemed to increase with years, and Ihopoui num uns a frightful old i at One day not long ago I passed a man in the village street whose face I seemed to know, and yet I could not think of his name It suddenly dawned ii|K)ii me it was Air without his swollen cheek I could find) bollen o my senses, had followed him into a shop on purpose to see if it really could be the same I had seen only the Sunday before, so marvellously changed in such a short time CR, it certainly was Mr - He addressed me first, saying, ' I suppose you hardly recognise me ' and he then told me how he was cured It was by a charm He wiusiidxined to go out the first night the new moon was visible, and, after saying ' In the name of the father, Son. and Holy) Ghost,' to waves (dinner-party round his head mile time a towards the new moon He did so and in the morning his tumour had completely dina] poured ' Such was the tale told to me and implicitly believed in by mi educated Irish lady. the lower orders of Irish are as a rule rather hypo chondrina, and they are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments favourite poultice for wounds is 11 parn rich chenille scraped and south cabbage. all boiled together A simple but rather unpleasant remedy for a cut leg was recommended to an old man it was to sit with his leg 111 11 boy boat all night This he tried with perfect Onions 11s log got quite well but, as he died of bronchitis a few days after wards, he did not long enjoy his ' perfect cure " A carpenter who 111 chopping wood and cut It slice off his shinbone with the hatchet, (lists applied a poultice of nettles and salt This not hearing it immediately, be put on a building soaked in Venice turpentine AH the wound remained obstinate, and even got worse murder his gentle treatment, he determined to be firm with it and show it he would stand no more nonsense, HO returned it with bluestone He did not IOHO the leg but It did not recover until h m heroic remedies 1 were used A poor man suffering from liiiliinimatioii of the eye caused by a thorn had been stone How It III He did horn the eye A favourite remedy for every kind of internal pain is hot vinegar pint is indeed, vim gar Taken either cold or hot is considered almost a sponge for own) Hung. It must be comforting in some cases It III much used for a " squeeze' on the hail," which in The com- monest complaint of all They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in, cases of sickness either with causing 01 good advice but I four inmost OIBHH the remedies iiiroscnliud urn far worse than the disease A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge A young blacksmith whose wife had presented him with their first baby was horrified to find that the infant had been born with tooth So unusual 1111 must must be unlucky so the poor li ha 's tooth were draw is by him unskilled hand of the blacksmith The baby died, and the mother, shocked and grieved by the scene, died soon lifts rewards "But sure, he'd never have had luck or grace if there unlucky Unth hadn't been arrows 1 1 