NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Dull. Cloudy. Theatre. Cricket. Socialism. Wool sales. Fire at Colton. Violent crowds. African slavery. Chinese trouble. Farcical cricket. Crisis in Greece. Spies in balloons. A narrow escape. A native outrage. Swanston has fits. Carl Hertz coming. Unregistered clubs. An unsafe building. Noarlunga election. A strategic railway. Rain in the country. A youthful criminal. Continental evening. Cabdrivers on strike. International cricket. A one-innings defeat. A ghostly policeman. Last night Bellringers. Emigrating Jews shot. Fatal boating accident. "Allies of the people." A charitable millionaire. "Lynch the murderer." Chinese faction troubles. The Ballaarat at Albany. A ghost at Dinham Villa. "The Woman in White." A pleasure yacht capsized. Sudden death at Norwood. A candidate with no votes. A fatal accident at Waterloo. Sydney Chinese causing trouble. "Slaughter, not amalgamation." Swanston hooted and groaned at. Active training on the Old Course. Mr. Blacker returned for Noarlunga. Mobs of loafers round Dinham Villa. Another youthful burglar in Melbourne. Foreign anarchists expelled from France. Tier's Polytechnic opens on Saturday next. Admission free to the Adelaide Oval to-day. A rich discovery at the Broken Hill Consols mine. Two detectives take Swanston to Mel- bourne. Swanston says he will marry Miss Rounse- fell yet. "I like to give the police all the help in my power." Sydney Chinese armed with rifles and re- volvers. A thousand cabdrivers have gone on strike in Paris. The Greek Chamber of Deputies has been dissolved. Dr. Grace was cheered by the small boys on Saturday. Mr. Wharff has established a record at Noarlunga. Germany is to be represented at the Chicago Exhibition. London merchants do not favor the copper combination. Mr. Blacker heads the poll for the Noar- lunga district. Mrs. Parnell gets £70,000 out of the estate of Mrs. Wood. Acceptances for the S.A.J.C. meeting are due to-morrow. Two lives lost in a boating accident in Sydney harbor. The Adelaide Hunt Club holds its annual meeting to-day. Swanston's counsel denies that he has con- fessed anything. The fishermen of Melbourne have hid a very disastrous month. A big muster of horses on the Old Cou:i3 on Saturday morning. Swanston has shaved off his moustache with a piece of bottle glass. Scotland Yard does not believe that Deeming is "Jack the Ripper." "Drunks" at the Police Court on Saturday dismissed with a caution. No chance of Australia adopting a universal penny postage yet awhile. Smart butter dealers in Victoria took advan- tage of the bounty system. The Chemnitz had a rough time during the passage of the Great Bight. Rumored that Mr. Harper will be appointed manager of the South mine. Swanston's grin was uglier than ever after he had shaved off his moustache. The opening of the Imperial Institute has been postponed till next year. The Junction North mine continues to yield a large quantity of water daily. The Melbourne Bicycle Club's sports have been postponed for three weeks. Deeming said to have often discussed "Jack the Ripper" at Rainhill. The rumor that Swanston had made a con- fession is authoritatively denied. The rumor about "Jack the Ripper" helped to sell the London evening papers. The Adelaide express is to run by way of Geelong instead of Bacchus Marsh. We must be careful not to endanger our position as the Brindisi of Australia. The doctor could not find any mark of the Zulu knobkerry on Swanston's head. Frank Clark's Silk Stockings Company opens at Garner's Rooms on Saturday. Sultan and Forty Winks scratched for all engagements at the S.A.J.C. meeting. A saving of £2,000 a year will be effected by the change of route of the Adelaide express. His Excellency the Governor will patronise the Lynch family to-night at the Town Hall. It is thought possible that as a result of the combination of producers copper will touch £30 a ton. "The Englishmen had only to play a winning game, and they played it to per- fection.'' The ashes of the Dinham fires have been analysed and found to be only the remains of clothing. Mr. Copley thinks the mail steamers should be allowed to work at the Semaphore on Sundays. An English detective has not sailed for Australia, but extradition documents have been forwarded. The project of an early visit of another Australian cricket team to England is increas- ing in favor. The German steamer Eider, which some weeks ago ran ashore in the British Channel, has been safely floated. "Nearly the whole team, in fact, had, as we suggested last week, come back to their Eng- lish form of last season." The Rev. G. E. Rowe will give several Cornish stories at the Unley Wesleyan Methodist Church to-night. The leaders of the Berlin bread riots have been sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from two to four years. The Government have received the reports of the exploring parties who were engaged in prospecting the MacDonnell Ranges. Baron Hirsch has extended £250,000 in the purchase of land in the Argentine Republic for the Jewish emigrants from Russia. If black labor is introduced into Queensland Sir Samuel Griffith is to be "hooted by un- born generations through all eternity." Sir Wm. Robinson is returning to West Australia, his health being too impaired to allow him to undertake the duties of Agent General. "A person in whose system snake-venom is known to be at work exhibits the most extra- ordinary tolerance of large quantities of the antidote." "The luck was overpowering and com- pletely one-sided, and no one will be more ready to admit this than Dr. Grace and his comrades." "To sum up the matter as briefly as pos- sible, the game was utterly spoiled, and the Australians received an unprecedented defeat without incurring the slightest disgrace." "Is the treatment of snakebite by the hypo- dermic injection of strychnia still in the experi- mental stage, or has sufficient evidence been obtained to warrant a belief in its efficacy?" "The mournful spectacle was witnessed on Saturday of the noble game of cricket reduced to the level of skittles—of an international test-match played out under absolutely farcical conditions." "There is a great deal of truth in the epigram of Fontana that if a patient regains health after being doctored all that can be confidently asserted is that neither the disease nor the doctor killed him." "It is said that in the old days of blood- letting ad libitum Dr. Gregory used to en- courage his trembling students with the words, 'Don't be alarmed, gentlemen; it takes a great deal to kill a man.' " 