[?] THJHE Ha ts wUpT " PY QA-HeWT/ CHAPTER XIII. — (Continued). The Major moved about among them, and soon learned that all had resolved to stay and meet whatever oame together, preferring that to the hardships and unknown dangers of fliirhfc. "Iam glad you have all deoided so," he said, quietly. " In the state the country is the chances of getting to Allahabad are next to nothing. Hero we may hold out till Lawrence restores order at Luoknow, and he may be a ble to send a party to bring us in. Or the mutineers may draw off and march to Delhi. £ certainly think the chances are best here ; besides, every rifle we have is of importance, and though if any of you had made up your minds to try and escape I Should have had no objection. I am glad that we shall all stand together here." The arrangements were then briefly made for the removal to the court-house. All were to go back and apparently to retire to bed as usual. At twelve o'clock the men, armed, were to call up their servants, load them up with such things as were most re quired. and proceed with them, the women and children, at once to the court -house. Half the mea were to remain there on guard while the others would continue with the ser vants to make journeys backwards and iotr wa:ds to the bungalows, bringing in as much as could be carried, the guard to be changed every hour. In the morning the servants were all to have the choioe given them of re maining with their masters or leaving. Captain Forster was the only dissentient. He was in favor of the whole party mount ing, placing the women and children in carriages and making their way in a body, fight.ng their way if necessary, down to Allahabad. He admitted that, in addition to the hundred troopers of his own squadron, they might be cut off by the mutinous cavalry from Cawn- pore, fall in with bodies of rebels or be attacked by villagers, but he maintained that there was at least some chance of cutting their way through, while once shut up in the coprt- house escape would be well nigh im- poible. " But you all along agreed to our holding the court-house, Forster," the Major said. ' Yes, but then I reckoned upon Cawn- pore holding out with the assistance of Nana Sahib, and upon the country remaining quiet. Now the whole thing is changed. I am quite ready to fight in the open, and to take my chance of being killed there, but I protist against being shut up like a rat in a hole." To the rest, however, the proposal ap peared desperate. There would be no with standing a single charge of the well -trained troopers, especially as it would be neces sary to guard the vehicles. Had it not been for that, the small body of men might pos sibly have cut their way through the cavalry ; but even tbeu they would assuredly be so hotly pursued that the most of them would be hunted down. But encumbered by the women suh an enterprise seemed utterly hopeless, and the whole of the others were unanimously against it. The party broke up very early. The sixain of maintaining their ordinary demeanor was too great te be long endured, and the ladies Tritk children were anxious .to return as soon as po-sihle to them lest at the last moment the fcxpoys should have made some change in the.r arrangements. By 10 o'clock the whole pwty had left. The two tubal terns had no preparations to ttiake, they had already sent most of their things in to the hospital, and lighting their pipes they sat down and talked quietly till midnight, then placing their pistols in their bed- and wrapping themselves in their cloaks they went into the Doctor's tent, which was next to tkt.-irs. The L>o; tor at once roused his servant, who waa sleeping iu a sheltered tent pitched by the aide of his. The man came in looking prised at being called. 44 Roshun," the Doctor said, " yon have been with me ten years and I believe you to be faithful." " I would lay down my life for the Sahib" the man said, quietly. "You have heard nothing of any trouble with the Sepoys ?" No, Sahib, they know that Roshun is faithful to his master." . " We have news that thev are going to rise in the morning andkffl'all Europeans, so we are going to move at once into the hospitals." "Good, Sahib; what will you take with you ?" "My books and papers have all gone in," the Doctor said, 44 that portnmiTif -may gg well go. I will carry these two rifles myself, the ammunition is all there except that bag in the oorner, which I will sling round my shoulder." " What are in those two cases, Doctor?" Wilson asked. " Brandy, lad." _ " We may as well carry one of those a piece, Doctor, if your boy takes the port manteau. It would be a pity to leave good liquor to be wasted by those brutes. " agree -with you, Wilsou ; besides, the lesB liquor they get hold of the better for us. Now, if you are all ready we will start, but we must move quietly or the sentry at the quarter guard may hear us." Ten minutes later they reached the hospital, being the last of the party to arrive there. 44 Now, Major," the Doctor said, cheerily, as soon as he entered, "as this place is supposed to he under my special charge I will take command for the present. Wilson and Richards will act as my lieutenants. We have nothing to do outside, and can devote ourselves to getting things a little straight here. The first thing to do is to light lamps in all the lower rooms ; Ih n we can see what we are doing, and the ladies will be able to give us their help, while the men go out with ; the servants to bring things in, and remember ' the first thing to do is to bring in the horses , They may be useful to us. There is a good store of forage piled in thenorner of -fcheyard, ' but the syces had best bring in as much cnoro as they can carry. Now, Jadies, if yod will all bring your bundles inside the house we will set about arranging things, and at any . rate get the children into bed fas quickly as possible." As it had been already settled a3 to the rooms to be occupied, the ladies and their ayahs set to work at once, glad to have some thing to employ them. One of the rooms which had been fitted up with beds had been devoted to the purposes of a nursery, and the children, most of whom were still asleep, were soon settled there. Two other rooms had been fitted up for the use of the ladies, while the men wtre to occupy two others, the oourt-rocm being turned into a general meet ing and dining-room. At imt there was not much to do, but as the servants, closely watched by their masterg, went backwards and forwards bringing in goods of all kinds, there was plenty of employment in carrying them down to a large underground room, where they were left to be sorted later on. The Doctor had appointed Isobel Hannay and the two Miss Hunters to the work of lighting a fire, and getting boiling water ready, and a plentiful supply of coffee7 Was presently made, Wilson and Richards draw- the water, carrying the heavier loads down stairs, and -making themselves generally useful. Captain Forster had not come in, he -had undertaken to remain in bis tent in' the lines, where he had quietly saddled and unpieketed his horse, tying it up to the tent ropes so that he could mount in an instant. He still believed that his own men would stand firm, and declared he would at their head charge the mutinous Infantry, while if they joined the mutineers, he would ride into the Fort. It was also arranged that he should bring in word should the Sepoys obtain news of what was going on, and rise before morning. All felt better and more cheerful after having taken some coffee. 4 « It is difficult to believe, Miss Hannay," Richards said, 44 that this is all real and not a sort of pio-nic or an early start on a hunting expedition." 44 It is indeed, Mr Richards. £ can hardly believe even now that it is all trae, and have pinched myself two or three times to make sure that I am awake." "If the villains venture to attack us," Wilson said, " I feel sure we shall beat them, off handsomely." 44 1 have no donbt we shall, Mr Wilson, especially as it will be in daylight. You know you and Mr Richards are not famous for night shooting." The young men both laughed. 44 We shall never hear the last of that tiger story, Miss Hannay. I can tell you it is no joke shooting when you have been sitting cramped up on a tree for about six hours. We are really both pretty good shots. Of course, I don't mean Hke the Dootor, but we always make good scores with the targets. Come, Riehards, here is another lot of things; if they go on at this rate the Sepoys \- — ! — .. 1 .si " " . — — won't find much': te loot in the bungalows to- morrow." V ' 'fast as daylight was breaking the servants were all called together and . given the choice of staying or leaving. Only some tight or ten, all of whom belonged to the neighbor- hood, chpse to go off to their villages. The rest deolared they would stay with their masters. Two of the party by turns had been on watch all night on the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult in the lines, but all had gone on qnietly. Bathurst had been work ing with the others all night, and after see ing that all his papers were carried to the court-house, he had troubled but little about bis own belongings, but had assisted the others in bringing m their goods. At daylight the Major and his officers mounted and rode quietly down towards the parade ground. Bathurst and Mr Hunter, with several of the servants, took their places at the gates in readiness to open and close them quickly, while the Dootor and the other Europeans went up to the roof, where they loaded and placed in readiness six guns each, from the store in the court-house. Isobel Hannay and the wives of the two Captains were too anxious to remain btiow, and went up to the roof also. The Doctor took his place by them, examining the lines with a field glass. The officers halted when they reached the parade ground, and sat on their horses in a group, waiting for the men to turn out as usual. "There goes the assembly," the Doctor said, as the notes of the bugle came to th<=qr ears. 44 They even are turning out of their tents. There, I can make out Forster, he has just mounted, a plucky fellow that." Instead of straggling out on to the parade ground as usual, the Sepoys seemed to hang about their tents. The cavalry mounted ana formed up iu their lines. Suddenly a gun was fired, and as if at the Eignal the whole of the Infantry rushed forward towards the officers, yelling and firing ; and the latterat once turned their horses and rode towards the court-house. y Don't he alarmed, my dear," the Doctor said to Isobel. 44 1 don't suppose anyone fs hit. The Sepoys are not shots at the best of times, and firing running they would not be able to hit a hay -stack at a hundred yards. The Cavalry stand 'firm you see," he said, turning his glass ta that direction. 4 4, Forster is harangaiag them. There, three of the native officers are riding up to him. Ah ! One b.a« fired at him ! Missed ! Ah 1 That is a "better shot," as the man fell from his horse, from a shot fromhis captain's pistol. The other two rushed at him. One he cut down, and the other shot. Then he could be wen agate, shouting and waving his sword to the men, but their yells could be heard as they rode forward at lum. 44 Ride, man, ride," the Doctor shouted, although his voice could not have been heard at a quarter of Hie distance. But instead of turning Forster rode right at them. There was a confused melee for a moment, and then his figure appeared beyond the line, through which he had broken. With yells of fury the troopers reined te their horse 3, and tried to tern them, but before they could do so the officer was upon them again . His revolver racked in hie left hand, and his sword flashed in his tight. Two or three horses and men were seen to roll over, and in a moment .he was through them agate and tiding at full speed for the court house, under a scattered fire from the In fantry, while the horsemen, now te a con fused mass, galloped behind him. 41 Now, then," the Doctor shouted, pick ing up his rifle ; 44 let them know we are within range, but mind you don't hit Forster. Fire two or three shots, and then ran down to the gate. He is well mounted ' and has a good fifty yards' start "of them," Then taking deliberate aim he fired. The others followed his example. Three of the troopers dropped from their horses. Three times those on the terrace fired, and then ran down, each, at the Doctor's order, taking two guns with him. One of those was placed in the hands of each of the officers who had just ridden in, and they then gathered round the gate. In two minutes Forster rode in at full speed, then fifteen muskets flashed out and several of the pur- suers fell from their horses. A minute later the gate was closed and barred, and the men all ran up to the roof from which their muskets were fired simultaneously. 44 Well done," the Dootor exclaimed. 44 That is a good beginning." v A minute later a brisk fire was opened from the terrace upon the Cavalry, who at once turned and rde rapidly back to their lines. Captain Forster had not come scathless through the fray, his cheek had been laid open by a sabre cut and a musket hall had gone through, the fleshy part of hifl arm as he rode back. " This comes pi fighting when there is no Occasion," the Dootor growled, when he dressed His wounds. .. 44 Here yon are charging a host fike a paladin of old, forget ful that we want every mSti Who can lift an arm in defence of this place." 41 1 think, Doctor, there is someone else wants your services more than I do." 44 Yes ? is any one else hit ?" 44 No, I don't know that anyone else is hit, Doctor, but aB I turned to come into the house after the gates frere shut, there was that fellow Bathurst leaning against the wall as white as a sheet and shaking all over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch courage - would be the best medicine there." " You do not do justice to Bathurst, Cap tain Forster, ' the Doctor said, gravely. 44 He is a man I esteem most highly, fn some respects he is the bravest man I know, but he is constitutionally unable to stand noise, ana the sound of a gun is torture to him. It is an unfortunate idiosyncracy for which he is in no way accountable." 44 Exceedingly unfortunate, I should say," Forster said, with a dry laugh, 44 Especially at times like this. It is rather unlucky for him that fighting is generally accompanied by noise. It I had such an idiosynoraCy, as you call it, I would blow out my brains." 4 4 Perhaps Bathurst would do so, too, Cap tain Forster, if he had not more brains to blow out than some people have." 44 That is sharp, Doctor," Forster laughed, good-temperedly. 44 1 don't mind a fair hit." 44 Well, I must go," the Doctor said, some what mollified; there is plenty to do, and I expect, after these fellows have held a council of war, they will be trying an attack." When the doctor went out he found the whole of the garrison busy. The Major had placed four men on the roof and had ordered every one else to fill the bags that had been prepared for the purpose with earth from the garden. It was only an order to the men and maidservants, jbxxt the ladies had all gone out Sb render fneir assistance. As faBt as the natives filled the bags with earth the ladies sewed up the mouths of the bags, and the men carried them away and piled them agaihlt the gate. .- - The garrison consisted of the six military officers, the Doctor, seven civilians, ten ladies, eight children, thirty-eight male servants, and six females. The work, there fore, went on rapidly, and in the course of two hoars so large a pile of bags was built up against the gate that there was no pro bability whatever of itB being forced. 3BATHUBST PACES EIEE. 44 Now," the Major said, 44 we want four dozen bags at least for the parapet of the terrace. We need not raise it all, but we must build up a breast-work two bags high at each of the angleB." There was only just time to accomplish this when one of the watch on the roof re ported that the Sepoys were firing the bungalows. As soon as they saw that the Europeans had gained the shelter of the court-house the Sepoys, with yells of triumph, had made for the houses of the Europeans, and their disappointment at finding that not only had all the whites taken refuge te the court-house, but that they had removed most of their property, vented itself te setting fire to the buildings, after stripping them of everything, and then amused themselves by keeping up a strag gling fire against the court-house. As soon as the bags were taken on to the roof, the defenders, keeping under the shelter of the parapets, carried them to the corners of the terrace, and piled them two deep on the parapet, these forming a breastwork four feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen, and two of them took post at each corner. 44 Now," the Doctor said, cheerfully, as he sat behind a small loop-hole that had been left between the bags, 44 it is our tern, and I don't fancy we shall waste as much lead as you have been doing." The fire from the defenders was slow, but it was deadly, and in a very short time the Sepoys no longer dared to show themselves in the open, but took refuge behind trees, whence they endeavored to reply to the fire on the roof, but even this proved so danger ous that it was not long before the fire ceased altogether, and they drew off under cover of the emoke from the burning bungalows, Isobel Hannay had met Bat hurst as he was carrying a sack of earth to the roof. 44 1 have been wanting to speak to you, Mr Bathurst, ever since yesterday evening, but you hare never given me an opportunity. Will you step into the store-room for a few minutes as you cOme down?" As he came down he went to the door of the room te which Isobel was standing await ing him. 44 I am not 'coming in, Miss Hannay. I believe I know what you axe going to say. I saw it te your face last night when I haa to tell that tiger-story. You want to sa ' ... -Ai f -if-'.:-"" " - .. 1 -U- " w.u; f. >.£» that you are sorry you said that you despised : oo wards. Denotsay it ; you were peirehily 1 right ; you cannot despise me nne-toh much as l despise myself. While you weto looking at the mutineers from the roof l wAS y leaning against the wall foelow well -nigh " 1 fainting. What do you think my feelings must be that here, where every man -is brave, where there are women and children to be defended, I alone cannot bear my part. Look at my face, I know there is not a ves tige of color in it ; look at my hands, they are not steady yet. It is useless for you to speak ; you may pity me, but you cannot but despise me. Believe me, that death when it comes will he to me a happy release indeed from the shame and misery I feel." ..Then, turning, he left the girl without another word, and went about his work. The Dootor had, just before going up to take his place on the roof, come . across him. 44 Come in here, my dear Bathtzrst," he said, seizing his arm and dragging tiim into the room which had been given up to Mm for his drugs and surgical appliances, 44 let me give you a strong dose of ammonia and ginger; j ou want a pick-up I can see by your face." 44 1 want it, Doctor, but I will not take it," Bathurst said. 44 That is one thing I have made up my mind to. I will take no spirits to create a courage teat I do not possess." 44 It is not courage; it has nothing to do with' courage," the Doctor said, angrily. 44 It is a simple question of nerves, as I have told you over and over again." 44 Call it what you like, Doctor, ftfta result is precisely the same. I do not mind taking a strong dose of quinine if you will give it me, for I feel as weak as a child, hut no spirits." With an impatient shrug of the shoulders the Doctor mixed a strong dose of quinine and gave it to him. An hour later a sudden outburst of musketry took place. Not a native showed himself on the side of tie house facing the maidan, but from the gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire was opened. 44 Every man to the roof," the Major said, 44 four men to each of the rear corners three to the others. Do you think you are fit to fire, Forster? Had jrou not better keep quiet for to- day; you will have oppor tunities enough." 44 1 am all right, Major," he said, care lessly. 44 1 can put my rifle through a ' Joop-hole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. By J ove !" he broke off suddenly, 44 look at that fellow Bathurst, he looks lihs a ghost." The roll of musketry was unabated, and the defenders were already beginning to answer it, the bullets sung thickly overhead, and above the din could be heard the shouts of the natives. Bathurst's face was rigid and ghastly pale. The Major hurried to him. "My dear Bathurst," he said, 44 1 think you had better go below. You will find plenty of work to do there." 44 My work is here," Bathurst sam, as if speaking to himself ; 44 it must be done." The Major could not at the moment pay further attention to him, for a roar of fire broke out round the enclosure as from ruined bungalows and every bush as ths Sepoys, who had crept up, now commenced the attack in earnest, while tee defenders lying behind the parapet replied Slowly and steadily, aiming at the puffs of smoke as they darted out. His attention was suddenly called by a shout from the Doctor. 44 Are you mad, Bathurst? Lie down, man ; you are throwing away your life." Turning round, the Major saw Bathurst standing upright by the parapet, facing the point where the enemy's fire was hottest. He had a rifle in his hand, but did not attempt to fire ; -his figure swayed slightly to and fro. 44 Lie down," the Major shouted. 44 Ida down, sir," and teen as Bathurst still stood unmoved, ha was about to rush forward when the Doctor from one tide mid Captain Forster from the other rushed towards Bathurst through a storm of bullets, seized him in their arms, and dragged him back to the centre of the terrace. 44 Nobly done, gentlemen," the Major said as they laid Bathurst down ; 44 it was miraoolous your not being bit." Bathurst had straggled fiercely for s moment, and then his resistance had sud denly ceased, and he had been dragged bask iike a wooden figure. His eyes were closed now. 44 Has he been hit, Doctor?" the Major asked. 44 It seems impossible he can hare esoaped- - What madness possessed him to put himself there as a target P" 44 No, I don't tnink he is hit," the Dootor said, as he examinedhim. 44 1 think he has fainted. We had better carry him down my room. Shake hands, Forster. I know you and Bathurst were not good friends, you risked your life to save nxm." 44 1 did not think who it was," Forster said with a careless laugh. 44 1 saw a nun behaving like a madman, and naturally went to pull him down. However, I «hfi think better of lum in fnture, though I doubt whether he was te his right senses." 44 He wanted to be killed," the Doctor said, quietly, 44 and the effort, that he to place himself in the way of death must have been greater (fan either you or I . can well understand, Forster. I know tee circumstances of his case. Morally I believf there is no braver man living ten ha is ; physically he has tee constitution of a timid woman : it is mind against body ." 44 The distinction is too fino for me, Dootor," Forster said, as he turned to gooff to his post by tee parapet. 44 1 understand pluck aud I understand cowardice, but tem mysterious mixture you Bpeak of is beyond me altogether." The Major and Dotior Wade lifted Bathurst and carried him below- Mrs Hunter, who had been appointed chief nurse, met them. 44 Is he badly wounded, Doctor?'' "No; he is not wounded at all, Sirs Hunter . He stood u£ At 'tee edge of the Sarapet and exposed himself so rashly to tee epoy's fire that we had to drag him away, . and teen the re-action, acting on a nervous temperament, was too much, for him, and he fainted. We shtdi ebon bring him round. Youoan tome in with me, but keep theothers way."" , 1 — The Major at once returned to tiie -terrape. _ In spite of the restorative the Doctor : poured through his lips and cold water dashed in his face: Bithurst was some time before he opened his eyee. Seeing Mrs Hunter and the Doctor beside him, he made an effort to rise. .. _ _ , 44 You must lie stUl, Bathurst,' the said, pressing his hand on his shoulder. 44 You have done a very foolish thing, a very wrong thing. -You have tried to throw away your life." " S"o, I did not. I had no thought of throwing away my life," Bathurst said, after a muse. "I was trying to make myself stand fire. I did not think whether I should be hit or not. I am not afraid of bullets, Doctor ; it's the horrible, fiendish noise that I cannot stand." "I know, my boy," the Doctor said, kindly, 44 but it comes to the same thing. You did pat yourself in the way of bullets wheu your doing so was of no possible advantage, and it is almost a miracle that you escaped unhurt. You must remain here quiet for the present. I shall leave you in charge of Mrs Hunter. There is nothing for you to do on the roof at present. This attack is a mere outbreak of rage on the part of the Sepoys that we have all escaped them. They know well enough they can't take this house by merelv firmer awaV at the roof. When thev attack in earnest it will be quite time for you to take part in the affair again. Now, Mrs Hunter my orders are absolute that he is not to be allowed to get up." On the Doctor leaving the room he found several of the ladies outside, the news that Mr Bath urs t had been carried down had spread among them. 44 Is he badly hurt, Doctor?" 41 No, -ladies. Mr Bathurst is, unfor tunately for himself, an extremely nervous man, and the noise of firearms has an effect upon him that he cannot by any effort of his own overcome. In order, as he says, to try and accustom himsrif to it he went and stood at the edge of the parapet in fall sight of the Sepoys, and let them blaze away at him. He must have been killed if Forster and I had not dragged him away by main force. Then came the natural re-action and he fainted. That is all there is about it. Poor fellow, he is extremely sensitive on the ground of personal courage. In other respects I have known him do things requir ing an amount of pluck that not one man in a hundred possesses, and I wish you ail to remember that bis nervousness at the effect of the noise of firearms is a purely constitu tional weakness, for which he is in no way to be blamed. He has just risked his life in the most reckless manner, iu older to over come what he considers, and what he knows that some persons consider, is oowardice, and it would be as cruel and, I may say, as contemptible to cespise him for a constitu tional failing as it would be to despise a person for being born a humpback or a cripple. Bat I cannot stand talking any longer. I shall be more useful on the roof than I am here'." Isohel an nay was not among those who had gathered near the door of the room in which Bathurst was lying, but the Doctor had raised his vo:ce and she heard what he said, and bent over her work of sewing strips of linen together for bandages with a paler face than had been caused by the outbreak of musketry. Gradually the firing ceased, the Sepoys had snfferedie&viiy; from the steady fixe of the invisible defenders, and gradually drew off, and in an hour from the commencement of the attack, all was silent round the baild- ing. (TO BE COXTIXTJED.) 