FATHEB IN-LAW MEADOWS. The pretty suburb of Fort Hill, within 10 or 20 miles of the greet city, was formerly knows aa Hewitt's Milk. It was settled in early times by two very extensive families, the Hewitts and Headowaes, who frequently intermarried, and owned nearly all tbe laud in the neighbour hood. Old-fashioned, Conservative people they were, oj wuom buiuu avuvbei-cu teuiuauia kic still extant iu the vicinity , Tbey look with no very friendly eye ou toe doings of their rich and atylieh city neigh bours, who live in the villas and country Beats scattered over the hiUs and up and down the new roads cut through foreet and farm. Chief among these survivals of the good old stock is Ebeu Hewitt, the miller, an old man now with a rich brown complexion, a keen, dark eye. and thick, bushy white hair and beard. Uncle Eben married a Meadows, as was inevitable, ' and he naturally regrets the primitive virtues and sterling worth of Hewitt's Mills before it became fashionable Fort Hill. He beirs a grudge against the new name, always rankling like a thorn in tbe hand. Uncle Eben is an antiquated spinner of long local yarns, one of the fewleft in the country. The mill stands on the river bank, just where the stream opens into a Utile cove with thick shadowy trees. A covered bridge crosses the river at this point, and there is a miniature island, feathered all over with the light leafage of the silver birch. My young friend, Mary Jane, was staying last summer at Fort Hill, and wherever Mary Jane gore she makes acquaintance with the labouring folk, with children, and dogs. Her friends laugh at her for discovering ao many remarkable people entirely unknown to fame. But Mary Jane is not to be deterred in her favourite pursuit of character study by ill- timed ridicule. It is not surprising, therefore, that she was often found seated ou the stone bench by tbe mill door engaged in friendly ohat with Uncle Eben, whom she considered one of the moat interesting men she had ever met. Hie machinery waa humming inside the old mill and making it shake. The grain poured down the hopperin a heavy stream, and the water swished and swirled about the big wheel. The miller was floury up to his thick eyebrows, where the meal hung like wreathe of saowoo a penthouse roof, and the warm tints of his skin shone not unhandsomely through the powder. The talk that day turned on ghosts and supernatural appearances, and, though Uncle Eben disclaimed stoutly all belief in ghosts — 14 spooks," as he called them— he wns led on by the insinuating Mary Jane to relate the following little story out of his own experience: — "Spooks are aII moonshine," said Uncle Eben, squaring his elbows, "but I will allow that curious things happen to eome folks, things that ean't be accounted for on what wo call natural principles. There was my father- in-law Meadows, a hard-headed, practical mau, sound at a nut until be got a bad blow and began to break. Everybody took bis judgment on laud purchase aud cattle as if it had been law, ana he arbitrated a great number of dis putes and made the climax rather bad for lawyers in these parts. Ho was trustee and executor for quite a number of large estates, and folks often took his wrd without & scratch of the pen to show for the money they put into his hands. He was as straight a man, if I do eay it, as 2 ever knew. Not much to look at, was father-in-law Meadows, not a hatideozae man, hut he was the making of th? township. He built bridges, laid out a camber of new roads as town sur veyor, and he was school trustee and deacon of the first church. He had an amazing lag family of children, thirteen all lold. Two cf tbem'died young of black measles, so I have herd my wife tell, but most of them grew up to 1>» a credit to the town— to Hewitt's Mills, as it was then called, and, as by right, it should l>o called now. And there was the boy Eli, the youngest. His heart waa set on him, The little Beojamin, Bud the old Israel Meadows loved him best and couldn't bear to have him out of his eight. " A close-mouthed man he was. He and I was pretty intimate. W e've often walked over the i&nd; an hour or two at a time end not spoke a word. Never was & man that had eo little nonsense about him as old Israel, and that's what makes this queer thing that happened to him ail the queerer. I have never been able to come to any reasonable conclusion about it, though it happened just as I am going to folate. You see, Mias , as I was saying, this boy Eli was the app'e of his eye, a quick, bright, laughing boy, nimble as a squirrel, and made friends all up and down tbe roau. He favoared his mother's family, and was f&ir; complected, with light hair, while most of tbe Meadowses are dark and swarthy. When the war broke out Eli was ju6t turned eighteen. Part of tbe Fourteenth Infantry was recruited iu this town. There was a great excitement, and Eli caught the war fever, and before we had an inkflng of it he 'listed and was marched off to tbe front. Tbe old mau took on bad. It was pitiable to see him, for it was the first thing that began to break him up. He tried hard to get the boy book by paying for a substitute. Thnugh he Vrae counted a close man and natu rally fond of money, be would have given half he was worth. But Eli was infatuated with soldieriDg, and it wasn't any good. The old man had been aa early abolitionist and all for ; the war until he got that blow, and then the crows came and roosted right ou his ridgepole : ana croacec a&y; ana mgnt. £.11 wrote cheerful letters to his father, and tbe old man carried them round in bis pocket until they were half worn, bad some of them letters on bizn the day ; he died, when he tell down sudden in au apo plectic fit. Eli wrote just as he talked. He had the gift of gab, and such a knack of turn ing the best side out be could make you think , black was white. They were going to beat tbe rebs out aud out, and it was all hurrah boys, and he would be made a colonel before the war ended. They did make him a sergeant aud colour-bearer, and that was some comfort to the old man. But I noticed his hand 6hook when he went to sign his namo, and be got a bad colour, a yellowish white, with puffy dark rings under the eyes, and his breath came short when he walked. 44 So things wore along till the fall of the year '62, about the time the rebs began to move north. Eli's regiment was under M ClelUti. He had a great fondness for his general, and was always writing home that little Mac was the biggest man in the army. Now, I am going to toll you of the strauge thing that happened to father-in-law. It was before any news of the battle of Aulietam had readied out here, the morning of the aay the battle was fought. I know it was in the early fall, before the corn was cut. My father-in-law had a big piece of land ia com fhat year, and it had done remark ably well. That cornfield is now part of what they call Gilchrist Park. Next to it on tbe north was a piece of woods, moat chestnut and J'oung ash, and adjoining oo the west was a arge, smooth meddcr. The cattle had been turned into that siedder for the fall feed, and father-in-law he walked out there that morn ing early to look to the fences, for the black bull had been turned in with the herd, and he was a vicious animal. Now, as near as I could gather from what the old man let drop, for I never dared to question him close about it, it happened in this way : Father-in-law had got to the madder, half way to the cornfield, when be was surprised to hear a confused noise over south, coming up, as he thought, on the wind. But there was no wind. Tbe air was a dead calm, not a leaf etirred. Tbe sky was slightly overcast and temperature warmish, with a smell of dying leaves. Father-in-law be stood stock still, and be strained bis ear to listen. There was a loud roarioor far off down the valley, tike a river in flood, and then it came nearer and broke into a volley of musketry, and thea a boom of caucon that shook the ground, and sharp hissing of shells as they burst and sputtered in tbe air, and then a coq- fused crying and shouting and groaning, and a rash of horses' feet that seemed to come tearing through that piece of woods ; and father-in-law — a cold ewet bed broke out from every pore, for the old man, while he besrd this tnmult, could see nothing but the medder and cornfield, and the quiet tend. He was struct all shack and bis knees crooked under him, aud he fell full length on the ground, and before he lost consciousness he thought he heard Eli's voice calling 1 water,' in a distressed, faint way, a gasp-like, and it seemed to come from the woods, not more than ten rods off. 44 1 don't know how the old man got on his lege and made his way boms, but he held him- se'f straight when be came in at the door, though his face was like ashes, and bis eyes ret and staling. He stood still for a minute, and then kind of clutched at the back of a chair aud stumbled forward. Hays be, Mother, pack me a bag with things I shall need for a week or more, and get money out of tbe top drawer, the one I keep locked. Here is the key.' " 4 What's the meaning of this, Israel ?' says mother, scared and trembling, 4 You look as if Siu could be knocked down with a feather. ave you had bad news?' " ' Yes, bad enough. But don't stop to talk. Didn't I tell you thereto been a battle V "'A battle!' gasped mother. 4 Where was it fought?' " I don't know,' said the old man, dazed like, putting his band up to his bead, 4 but I shall find oot on the road. Eli te wonnded— mebbe he's dead by this time.' Then his voice failed. "'Israel Meadows,' said mother, standing right up to him— and she was a timid woman, 41 there hasn't been news of no b&ttlo; or I should have heard it, and I solemnly do think you have gohe crazy.' _ " Then the old man was mad, can tell you, and he made things hum, for he was always -master in his own house, aud iu less than half an hour that bag was packed aud toe old mare saddled, and father-in-law had taken his top cost and was climbiiig iuto the saddle to ride to Digby Station, seven milsu away, the nearest to us then, before tberailroad was narried through. Mother bad never seen him look so stern and haggard and unnatural. She was kind of awe- struck as she watched him ride away down the road. But before father-in-tevv got to Digby it was koown up here at the Mills that the great battle of Antietam was ia progress. Tell, I can't tell you just how the old man found Eli. Ho never would talk much about it ; but he went round tbe battle field for hours searching among the drad, with only one thought in his mind, and at last he come on tbe body in a little piece of woods, among tbe butoes, close to aeroall spring of eweet water. Tbe poor boy hod tried to crawl to the water, but his breast was shot off and It was no good. Yon know, the old man thought he heard tbat orv coming out of toe woods ot Water! water!' Think how he felt when he found him there, close on to the spring, but not within reaoh. Bnthisfaceinthacoffinwaethe peace- fullest X 'most ever saw. They say them that die of gun-shot wounds mostly do look happy. Well, Eli, in them teat moments, had got out someway a Testament he carried in bia pocket. It was one his mother gave to him, audit was burnt aud black with powder; but there was part of a blank leaf left, and with a little etub of pencil gripped in bis fingers he had scrawled the words, Father, don't—' tbat was all— ' Father, don't— just enough to show he was thtofa'ng of the old man and his grief the moment be died, and wishing to comfort him. " Father-in-law brought him home and buried him in the mowing lot close to that pieoe of woods where he had heard the roar of battle that was taking place over 500 tnilee away. He let drop a little of what bad happened now and then, until we oould piece it together pretty much as I have teld you. But we don't none of us try to explain it, and we can'i but believe there waa some reality iu it, aeoiug the straight mn father-in-law was. He was broke up bad by it— changed 60 you would hardly have known him. He 6tooped, and his head shook, and be seemed to lose his judgment— forgot things terrible, and went round talking to him self. He had to put most of his business affairs out of bis hands, and seemed to lose interest in what was going on : didn't even read the news papers ; but he grew uneasy aud discontented. Nobody ever thought then that tbe original old Meadows' place, centre of all tbe Msa dowses in this township, where he was born aud bred, and bis father before him, would ever go out of the family. But a strange restlessless grew on the old man, though he had his faculties well , enongh, too. "One day, soon after the railroad was opened through to tbe mills, he went down to the city alooe and calted oh s real estate agent, and put the old farm m his hands. But he set such a big Agger on the land tbe agent laughed in his face. 4 Why, ears he, 4 Mr. Meadows, i 44 ' Mebbe I don't,' says the old mau, curt enough, 4 but I'll let it go at that figger, aud not a cent less.' "Then father-in-law west off and forgot what be had uoue, for his memory was beginning to fail, but be seemed much more contented aft r that, and 1 don't a'pore he ever had a notion tbe place would be sold. So three years or more weut by, end the family knew not a breath about it, though real estate specu lators bad been sniffing round and inquiring the price of tend. The three unmarried Meadows girls were home that summer— all dead now. They were roiuarkuhle women, all celebrated for the strength of their intellect. One kop' school, and another was a writer, Almira Meadows — mebbe you've besrd of her, She was pretty famous, and wrote a book ou Second Advent principles, called 'The Last Trump.' But that don't matter. The three girls were all to home tbat summer, aod were euioyiug themselves well. Tbey loved every stick ana stone and bush ou the old farm, and they were women of etroug feelings. One morning there came a letter from the agent ia New York, the old f&rca; was eold. If a thunderbolt had fallen out of a clear sky it couldn't have shook that family up worse, and when father-in-law was spoke to about it ho was struck all in aheap. Having put such a big price an the farm, he bad felt just as safe as i/hs bad been in a bomb-proof. And now the old place was gone for a pile of money. He wouldn't plead a word ot excuse, but sat hauncbed over aud at! drawn into himielf while tbe women folks took 44 We soou found out that Banker Gilchrist was tbe purchaser. I guew tbe women folks put their heads together to try aud work on the banker's feelings, for they wrote and invited him to come ont and visit the farm. And Mother Meadows was a famous good cook, no better anywhere. So she laid herself out to get up a tea that would move any man whose sensibilities could be reached through the stomach. Such waffles and honey and light biscuit it does me good to tbiuk of. Well, the banker came, and he was polite and plausible and smooth as oil. as he always ia. Could see your face ia his hat. Tbey had managed, as they tbcught, to get the old man off to town, but he must hare suspected something, aud woeo iney were an silting uown as wuio, uio women folks with tears ia their eyes began to beg Gilchrist simultaneous to give up the bar gain aud sot insist on taking tbo old term and tbe grave of their dead, meaning F.li. Gil christ is shrewd snd sharp enough, I'll war rant, but wheu this onset was made he was completely thrown off bis balance, aod he had begun & very polite speech to tbe tearful old woman and lu-r girls, reying the sale was all fair aod square, but of course if toe old man was not quite himself, broke dowu with trouble or otherwise Impaired— he had just got to that point when tbe old man walked in, straight aa a die, 8nd with his eye burning like & live coal iu bis head, and he stalked to the head of the table and be stood there solemn, frowning awful oil the women folks, and says he. 'Bauker Gilchrist, the sale was fair uud square, legal in all particulars, end the farm is yours, aud he brought down hie fiat with a great thump on the table. ' Don't you listen to a p&ssel; of women when it's me you've got to deal with. I don't say but I've been foolish, but now I've passed my word, and fay the Eternal it shall stand. If I had promised the heart out of my body you should have it, for 2 never passed my word'yet that I did not keep it, aad I never will.' "And nothing would do but the old man must have pea and iuk that very minute and sigu tbe deed. Well, that's the way Hewitt's Mill became Fort Hill. The old name vun't stylish enough for tbe rich city folks. Gil christ he bought right and left, and made bin big park, and capitalists came in and invested hand ov/.-r fist, and you exit see what's come of it. Miss— a place for 6tyle thst beats any on the railroad. "But I mutt tellvou about tbe old man. After the farm was sold he went down pretty fast, aud at times appeared to bs slightly un balanced. One day just before the family moved out, we missed him for a good mauy hours, and J made a search and found him up at Eli's grave in the medder, close to the wood. It was the spring of the year, and tbe birds were tinting. And what do you think the old man lud beeu doing ? Why, ho had carried a spade aud crowbar, and had dug up the coffin aud bad pried it up out of the grave by main strength. Aud there he eat by it, now with his long, grey hair flowing in the wind. He had always been such a strong men, I was sort to see him broke tike that, ao J went up softly and put my hand on his shoulder. 41 1 Ob, save he, 4 Eben, is that you? You see I couldn't leave tbe hoy here on the Gil christ place, aud it has occurred to me that I hain't got a foot of land of my own where lean lay him. 41 4 What !' eays I, making believe surprised, 'when vou are a rich man and sold the farm at such a big figger. " 1 No, eays be with a sigh, " not a foot of ground I can call my own.' " 4 Brell, father-in-law. ' says I, after I had studied on it a little, 4 I'll take Eli and bury him OB my own place, aod I promise you he sba'n't be moved while I live.' And eo I did, and that's one reason why there'll be Hewitts here for a good while to come. I shall fix it in my will ibflt that grave isn't to be sold out of tbe family, What became of the old man. aid you ask ? Ob, he died before long— dropped down id a fit — and never knew what hurt him, and tbe women are all dead and gos6. all but mv wife, and sho s hearty, thank God.— AVu- Tori: Timet. __________ The Berlin correspondent ot The Timet re- ports that 44 tbe Emperor has discountenanced the drinking of champagne at regimental messes, insomuch that it hai passed into a jest to say that the nights on wbicb his Majesty honours the mesa of tbe Garde du Corps with his presence at their table are the only ones in tbe year on which the officers of this gallaut regiment have to dine without champagne/1 