THE SILENT SEA. Br "ANTARLO Author ol " An Australian Girl." CHAPTER XIV. Victor did not find that the Manager developed more companionable qualities as the days went on. Tfiere is, doubtless, often a gieat satisfaction to the unregenerate man in taking charge out of EU offender by what Stiirle called giving a "dig," especially when the one who gives it is going beyond the reach of an inept pleasantry in return. Tho amazement which Fitsi-Gibb-in's voluntary sojourn at such a place as the Colmar caused , Trevaskis was changed by hearlts's parting ! words into a fast suspicion that the voung man I had, by reason of his large interest in the • Mine, come to play the spy on the new j Manager. Thus to the moroseness which his • misfortunes and rankling sense of failure haJ induced was added tho animus of a private grudge. i The result of this was not, however, at first j bad for Victor; it had merely tho result of ! making him work rather hard. During tho first week he made several clerical slips whioh Trevaskis commented on with so much severity and rudeness that it was with uiu-jh diliicuUy the young man kept his temper. "Good heavens! how tlje animal sets my teeth on edge !" he said, and then he resolved that he would never give him the chance again. For the next two weeks he worked late and early, mastering all the details of his work, making out lists of the stores on hand,BO that he should not forget to order in time. As for the variations in the men's wages, he learned them off by heart, so that he should make no errors in writing out their weekly cheques. After this spoit of work was over, Trevaskis set liim to take stock of all the mining materials in the various storerooms. i In this he had the assistance of Michael the ] water-carter. The Mine was dependant for j drinking water, as indeed were all the inhahi- ! tants of Coknar as well, on tlm GovemmaS j tank, half-way between the --line aud the ! township. i " And very bad it do be setting, that same ; talink, Mr. Fitz Gibbon. T!ia dliry season is ; poweful cad for the tahnks ; vo;i iiecs down to ahl the mud and shlime and dead things." ; Thev were in th'- ironmongery store, -Mi:' calling — " over shovels, • - sieves, coils ... of fuse, - picks, leather belting, kegs of nails, iCo., Victor checking them off in his stockbook. After an hour and a half of this, Victor cried out, " Smoke oh !" and the two were talking as they spelled. Michael was a nervous-lucking little man, with a brick-red face, keen little brown eyes, and very red hair. As he talked, quick spasmodic twitches would from time to time pass over his fice, especially round the mouth aud eyes and across the nose. " But, surely to goodness, Michael, you have no dead things in the tank out of whicli our drinking-water comes!" cried Victor, with a touch of dismay in his voice. Indade, sor, and there is, an' mahny's tho time I've had to hould me noso whiia I'm taking a draught of wather. It isn't so bad as that this saison yet, and the Government they do be puttin' off cleaning the tah;ik. We'll have a spreadin' illness, the. tvphv favcr or some such, and then we'll be forced" to keep a docthor to our own cheek." " By the wav, Michael, what sort of a doctor i 9 tho man vbu subscribe so mujh a mouth for?" "Well, sor. he's a big fat mahn, wid half tho alphal-et at his heels, living on the other side of Hooper's Luck. Iviry month there's shilling stopped out of our wages, as you know, to give to him, for living beyand tho reach of ahny rale disthress, I may say. We did just as well when he wasn't there, and wa died quietly, widout the help of medicine, if the hour had come. Mahny a ti-na I do'b wondering, j—: sor, how I mankind wiil come and shtay in a place like this, and from all '- s of the worrld. There's Runaway Hans—a .nm that used to go on whan voyage from Chiuy to the Pyreamaids, where I am tould the corps of holy cats—the blissid saints forgive them !— and of moighty monarehs is „ kept as on „„ the „„ d vy they died, maybe shortly after the flood ; au l j- et that mahn left his kit and his Sunday breeches and three months' wage, to run away to the Colmar." "Runaway Hans!" repeate.1 Victor, v.-'m was smiling broadly, and by this timo deeded that Michael was one to be cultivated ; " ah ! that's the yellow-haired young man with a strong German accent?"' darkened as he took in the frank, friendKrelations which the young man had so quickly established between himself aud Michael—th-: the veriest drudge at the Mine. Trevaskis's own manner to all who were under him was marked by a certain peremptory roughness, which is, as a rule, the note of the proletariat who has developed into the master. In his i j luuisb most ^en.ui. genial uwiiiKuia moments ne he "111iiu would never uream dream oi of entering into anv talk with one like Michael , beyond giving liim orders, and perhaps occa- Ei onally blaspheming his eyes for not baing more pr0mpt. , Tllat' s Jl!s i ay_ to worm himself into the confidence of every one. and that old fox Drummond asked me to let him have an insight ir.to the working of the Mine. But I'll put a spoke iu his wheel there !"' thought Trevaskis, as he strode away after giving his oiders. Barzilfa Jenkins is going off by the afternoon mail. I want you to make cut his cheque, Fitz-Gibbon." When Victor went into the oliice he found Jenkins, a big, brawny Cornisiimau, standing at the door as he had come up out of the Mine— face and hands black, his moleskin trousers stiff with clay and earth stains. "You are at the rock drills, I think?" slid 1 Victor, turning up the timebook. The man gave a muffled sort of assent. The men were paid each Saturday; this was Friday, but Jenkins was entered only for two ' shifts. I "Why, you are only down for two shifts, j besides to day's, since last pay- day, Jenkins 1" j aid Victor, as he began to write out the j cheque ; three days at nine shillingsa dav." As he looked up, to hand this to Jenkins, "as f he was struck with the look of profound gloom in his face. There were suspicious light smears on his cheeks too. "It's just the inikity o' the ould Adam isself," be burst out passionately. "Imissed two days' work, bein' on the drink, and now I've not enough to take me hum ; and when I coom up this afternoon, I found this 'ere." As he spoke, he handed Victor a telegram, which ran, "Your wife is much worse. Come at once." ' "I 'ad a letter last week, as she was onwell," he went on, "and I knowed some'ow last night she were weered. I ol"t a' gone before. | I might be sartin do-tor'a troode would do 'er no good." j By this time Victor had produced his private chequebook, and was rapidly writing out a 5 cheque for five pounds." "Take this, 'Zilla," he said, putting it j folded into his hand. " You can pay me back when it is convenient," he added, anxious tu cut short the man's broken expressions of gratitude. j It was tlio persona] relations into which he ' came with the miners that gave the strongest element of interest to the purser's work. ! Victor Lad strongly the sympathetic fib-e, which is rarely absent from the Irish temperament win n it has fair play. He had also that quick sense of humour which, under all circumstanccs, gives an enlivening strain to the seriocoir.eily of life. And at the Colmar, as iu all other par s of Australian bush, there was s r. at deal of human nature about. It is true that most of it was quite in the rough; thai there was little of those finely-spun hypocrisies, thn=o keen but veiled rivalries', those subtle and contradictory nuances of charjeter, which are developed among superior ps -;)le, under the high pressure of civilization. Those politely ironical little stories that invigoratu the languors of conversation, at the expense ol mutual friends, were unknown as the facilities sharpened only to invent means of kiil ng time. But though there were no pjlishe i raconteurs ripely skilled ill relating events which never happened, in a uparklinET way, there was no lack of men who enjoyed hearing and telling such stories as camo in their way in a somewhat Jvabelaisian fashion. At the Colmar, aj in politer walks of life, thofe social instincts were m"st highly developed were not as a rule, ainoncr the more admirable _characters. They belonged rather to the habitual procession of the streets, with the ciironic idlers left out, greedy for enjoyment in Fome form, and reckless as to the future. Thev alternated hard work with "letting drinks to the crowd," and going twenty-four hours without sleep. They pre" ferred to give a fillip to one day at the expense of another, rather than have all days alike monotonous. Hj>eod with an equivocal result fascinated them more than the uudoviating pace of safety. Some of the older minors | were Corni.-h Wcsleyans, who combined to j bold '' s< i v .c-es" on Sunday, to get up teetotal j entertainments, and generally influence the laxer brethren to adopt a more decorous e i the I f1lfD n ^ , . v. . , of life. But ear y in his experience as a purser. it occurred to Victor that the miners would be J a much duher lot than they were if the more serious among them had it all their own way. j It >s indeed a melancholy reflection that the : pood qualities of some people are ;e,thetieally oftentimes more unsatisfactory, at least to the mere looker-on, th-iC l&e; less virtBMfj qualities ot Others. 'Zilla Jenkins was one who hovered between the two camps—severely virtuous in his conduct, and rigid in his condemnation of all carnal indulgence. During such periods he was a total abstainer, and had even been known to give routing addresses on the evils of intemperance. But these wero adventures i;i the. higher ethics, which time nffce.r time ended in disaster. " Brother 'Zilla hev backslid azain," was the testimony that had to be given a warding him at the chapel and blue ribbon i-cetings. Two of tlie.se more serious miners interviewed Victor on Saturday after Jenkins had left by the uiaili-oach. " About '/Cilia, sir; we does wish as you 'adn't a-beed so kind kinc to 'e," the elder said in an expostulatory t< *ie. . . , "You sec it's like this, sir,' struck in the other man, before Victor, who was amused and a little taken aback, could make any_ response. "Jenkins hev gone back agin an'acin to rowl like the swine in the Ecripther in the slime o evilcloin'. "/Ml gets sorry, but the repentance don't stick to V. Now, wo was a-watchin for this 'ere oppertconity. 'Villa's been bad on tie bust. News comes as 'is missus is hill, she's gen'ally hill—that's 'ow she can't 1 save "er mother to cleave onto 'er man, which is the rule o' Gord and o' nature, but she's got weerd and weerd, and 'Zilla he wants awful to get away; but) he spent 'is money at the pablic- 'ouse, an' so did those as 'e goes wi' there. Why, sir, they're on the tick and on the borrowr from one mouth's end to the other. We was waitin' to the larst moment, an' then to come forrard and say, "Ere, Zilla Jenkins, your missus is maybe i' the last gapse. 'Tis a ghasly thing for a man to swaller 'is money an make a "beast o' 'isself wif onto mtn the tVio bargain, Wimin. «,nr! and then not 'ave enough to take 'im to his wife's berrin' maybe" " You were going to say all that to the poor fellow, when he was in such a fix '."said Victor, keeping a serious face with some difficulty. "Well. I'm glad I gave him what was needed" " Ay, sir, but 'ow much better to slang 'e now than let 'e go straight to Berlzebub. We s .. goia' to lend : im the money . at 's awn 'count on i lii Ho U, an' that 'ud 'ave elp9d to bring 'e back to the paths o' righteousness, so to speak, fur e'd a been ashamed to spend 'is substance at th' Colmar Harms-till 'e'd a-paid us b.ick, an' by that time we'd 'ave 'ad a sartin grip o e''' A teamster came into into the office just then, to tell Victor that four teams were waiting at the- weighbridge to have their loads checked, so thnt he had to leave before Rehcboam Husking had quite finished. Rehobo-.im, or Koby, as he -was usually exiled, was one of the three shift bosses of the Mine, mid tho ono who most frequently conducted services in tho little iron schoolroom which stood midway between the Colmar Arms and the post and telegraph office. He had what some of the miners (Milled " a great gift for spouting." and was fervid in organizing meetings of all sorts, in which he took a leading part. On Sundays he often prcachcd morning and evening. i_Iis sermons and exhortations were of a very rousing, not to say overbold, description. Thus, on one aceasion when he was carried away by his zeal for conversions, he cried out in stentorian tone?, " Descend upon us, O Holy Ghost, descend; if there's any damage done to the roof, there's not a shoveller on the Colmar that won't give a bob for repairs." "One or two Episcopalians who were present afterwards accused Roby of blasphemy. He denied the charge with great vigour, and affirmed that they and the Church they belonged to were "lukewarm LadoshianV that the Amen of the beginning of creation had long ago spued out of His mouth." This was a flight in metaphor which reduced one of Roby's opponents to silence, while it confirmed the other in his worst opinions of the shift boss divinity, and even of his moral sincerity. Henceforth the Episcopalian believed all that vras said against Roby, for there were unfortni ately stories abroad about him that souifwhat told against his influence as a social reformer. In preaching he was fond of describing himself ] as a brand snatched from the burning, and ; with that complete deliverance from reserve ' and modesty which so curiously marks the : members cf some religious sects, he would jrive graphic details of the ways in which aforetime he had distinguished himself in evil doing*. At teetotal meetings, also he would relate with pusto how at one period of his history he had been such a slave to drink that his iirst wife had died from the effects of destitution and misery. "But at the same time 'o doesn't tell 'ow when he was a local preacher and class lead3r at the Burrar, 'e prilled samples o' copper ore. and 'elped to start a little bogus Company," an eld acquaintance of Roby's would say, and another would recall an equally discreditable story. Were they all true? Whether or no, the man was a very "stirring" pulpiteer and li'ue-riboonner. No new comer was long at the Colmar without being importuned by ltobv to give some assistance at the Saturday night tern |ierar,ee meetings, which were chiefly under his direction. "The Lord did not make everybody smart," he would explain with great unction, " but I Maiv iveryone as tries can do summit for a blue mitting—sing a song or give a bit o' recitation, or music on any sort o' machine 'e plays." And thus A ictor found himself pledged to Roby to play a violin solo on the evening o£ each Saturday from the first week he came to the Mine. Now it was 4 o'clock in the afternoon. 'ihe last cf the men had been paid, and j Victor had tho olHce to himself, lie took h-.s violin, tuned it, and began to play over the t ' : Last Rose of Summer" with variations. He had not played mere than a minute or two, however, before he put the violin down with a little exclamation. The last time be had plavfl this melody was at a concert on board , the Mogul, accompanying Helen on the piano. | The first few bars recalled the place and scene i with the vividness which belongs to the asso- ; ciaiions of music, and with these Victor recalled that he had not finished reading her letter which had come by that morning's mail, \ posted the day after she and her father had I reached Colombo. He had been interrupted , in reading „ it; then he had gone to dinner; then he had paid the men; then he had gone { to the^weighbridge; and then he had forgotten it. He admitted this to himself with a pang of self- reproach. It was not new to him, this discovery that his thoughts and actions often fell below his own ideals of what a lover should be. And it was such a bright, amusing letter, the people on board so capitally hit off, and j the landing in Colombo ; the drive among tho i swarming native quarters. wh°re you see the | ; ; j ' i craftsmen in their tiny shops without door or window, the coarse screens of split bamboos rolled up; here a blacksmith sitting crosslegged beside his anvil, there an enamelworkc-r, then a brazier's shop full of glowing copper vessels, the richer shops with tinselcovered skull- caps, with soft white silks and muslins, petticoats and trousers for women, with spangles and gold and embroidery; the soft-faced bronze babies, arrayed in tiny loincloths, and heavy bangles, toddling after the SahibE, to sell them a big scarlet flower ; the traders, with a single basket of mangoes and a small branch of bananas, tinder a cocoanut palm by the roadside; the Hindus with their castemark on forehead and chest sitting sideways on bullocks; the big funny vehicles with a pagoda roof ; tbo little bamboo carts drawn by tiny humped oxen that run as fast as ponies; the yellow - robed Mollahs under yellow umbrellas; the people who run after belaud travellers with palm fans and screens of coarse bamboos, aud great pineapples for thrtepeiic-!-, and iced sodawater under the scorching sun. All was just as it had been on that day when they went through the place together. " But what I like best to see are the natives of high caste ill voluminous folds of pure white and ir.ajcstic turbans," wrote Miss Paget; "their unmoved calm, their statuesque attitudes, their impwturable mouths, make one feel that, as compared with Orientals, Europeans have, on the whole, degenerated into "What would Helen think of our miners?" tho?;pht Victor with a smile. Ti en lie turned to the letter again, and lrokid over it from beginning to end, while some feeling lie could not have defined <>! loneliness fell over him. Was it becanso existence at tl ti Colmar, lilcea Chinese picture without shading or persjieclive, had K-gun to pall oil liim, or was it that the discipline uuder which Mi s Paget purposely kept her feelings left a void that, with the roofless sort of sensation which had begun t. - e;. ep over him. struck nim with a feeling akin ; • physical chill? Ouly jnst on the. last half-siiei-t, afr.-r the close i.f the lomr letter, in a sort of uuoilieial postscript, cause a few ti-rider words. " I think I have told yon almost everything, except that I oftcr. felt, sad at the thought of sailing, sailing, sailing farther a way from you every day. I am at this moment in a charming loom at tho Mount Lavinia Hotel, where father's friend is c-=talilisbed. They are both on a balcony somewhere, talking about classic odes. When I l-.»ok out on the window, I see that lovely stretch of bright yoiiow sand, and the sea of an unfathomable blueness dying away on the beaeh. When I look through the doorway, with its Iclius-khus screen half drawn up, there is a vista of pylishcd floor and whiterobed natives with bare feet gliding noiselessly about. Still I am rather sad. because ynu are •4111 not here. .r.'.'M Difts Oll'.'e »:oi ,-(•.•.•; </itrl triors lU-. iOlSCOS." chose <lf tcairc < JVnr li'-ieii ; 1 must write her quite an epistle to-morrow," said Victor to himself after reading these lines manv timc3 over. ' Then he went, outside and stood looking westward across tho Mine, with its trrouiM cf low iron buildings, the long cngmo-room ii tho centre, with its revcrberati™ throb of machinery, tho heavy folds of smoke n=incr above it, and hanging low ovor the adia '-»nt group3 of the miners' huts and tents, and beyond the little township, with its small iron building? equally bare, without the sign of a tree, .or even a fence, to break the dull dead level. For the iir.-t time the austere, inexpressible aridity of tho cjiirriry seemed to weigh on hiin. It was now many months since a showerof rain had fall< n in the district 'J he Riey green saltbush was frayed and thickly coated with dust, the b'.re earth showing between the low l-nsli^s in bak'-d gaps. Was there any other spot of the earth more desolate than this 'I— flat, parched, and grey, without shade or water, lyiiigin measureless vistas, with an atmosphere so pure and clear, and a sky so cloudless and widely vaulted, that frequently the mirago wc call the horizon wai entirely absent, l or how many hundreds of years had the -un beaten remorselessly upon the thirsty waste? As he looked at it, an immense, longing cann; over Victor to once more the deep, dull preen of hills densely covered with stringybavk, or to seo autumn leaves whirling yellow and red before a high wind, under a t!i:<-.itcning sky. "Well, Mr. Fin-, ''-ihbou, are you admiring the western view V -id some one close behind him ? "Yes, admiri: : all so intensely that it has given me a lit c! bine devils," said Victor, «K he shook luors- -vitfi Chailoner, whom lie bad not seen for K^j'ue days. "You've been working too hard since you catne here. My wife said only list night you've never been at Stonehouse in the daytime, though you have been sleeping there for over three weeks. You come away at daylight." "Not before C, my dear sir. Don't make me out stupider than I am. I ride for an hour or so, then breakfast at the Colmar Arms at half-past 7, and at half-past 8 I am in the office. Up to this, it has tiken me eight or nine hours to do what Searle used to get through in five." Well, you know, Rome was not built in a day. I came across to steal a little keg of blasting-bowder, butas you are about I suppose I'd better borrow it; and then just lo;k your office and come back with me to Stonehouse." "Thank you; IH come with pleasure," returned Victor; and after he had got the keg of powder for Chailoner, tho two went across the leef to Stonehouse. j j 