SOME FOLKS AT DORADILLA. [By Theta.] Chapter XXI. MR. SHEPHERD, OF THE MER CANTILE BANK OF DORA DILLA. It has been my fate in the course of a wandering career to sojourn in many lands and meet a variety of people of all types and classes. Looking back along the vista of the past quarter of a century I see filing sundry ghost- like visions of men of every description of character and temperament—the mentally feeble,, unscrupulous adven turers—and here and there the forms of heroes unselfishly devoting their lives to the cause of their fellows, heedless of popularity, and caring nothing whether their views har monized or were in discord with the cranks of the hour. But of all these figures the most unfathomable and interesting individuality has always to me been Mr. Shepherd, of the Mer cantile Bank of Doradilla. The first time I ever met Shepherd was when he called to see me one might at my solitary lodgings about some trifling matter of business. He was at that time merely an ordinary bank clerk who had not yet made a name—good or bad—for himself. Merely an ordinary bank clerk I have said, but there was little about him to indicate his calling. Bank clerks are as a rule a most uninteresting class, colorless, and, with a very few notable exceptions, possessing little individu ality of character. They take no interest in art, less in literature, and none whatever in politics. They are in the world, but not of it. In the case of Shepherd, however, there was a most charming sympathy with all the chords of human emotion. He was an adept at all kinds of sport, was an omnivorous reader, a very fair amateur musician, and take him all round, would have been selected by Maurice, or Kingsley, or Drummond, as their beau-ideal of the muscular Christian. The Apostle Paul would have admired him for being all things to all men. He was generally credited with those religious tendencies which, scoff as we may, all men respect when they are not priggishly paraded with a view to ulterior ends. An old Doradillian admirably described him as being really " an agnostic, with a leaning towards the hideous ritual of dissent." About this time the Mercantile Bank was projected. The Doradillians had for years jogged along quietly, bearing meekly the yoke imposed upon them by the local banking institutions, which took toll over all toiling traders to the tune of 10 per cent. But some genius had resolved upon their enfranchisement by the establishment of ' a sort of financial Cave of Aduilam, in which all who were outlawed and oppressed might take refuge. Investors were to get highly remunerative returns on perfect security—for who had ever yet heard of the failure of a Doradillian bank 1 Borrowers were to be invited to come open-mouthed and partake of the good things which a generous manager would bestow. After a preliminary meeting the shares went up booming. I invested the savings of years, amounting to <£10 sterling, and was offered and accepted a premium of 7s. 6d. per share next day. It was my first in vestment in Doradilla, and it seemed a good omen. In order to attract a good staff of officers premiums were held out to entice over the employes of other institutions, and the day was hailed with delight by many a poor struggling bank clerk who had for years patiently waited for a rise. Among them was Shepherd, who took the position of second in command. The manager ship was accepted by O'Flaherty, a very popular and genial fellow. But this appointment was, nevertheless, like the cloud no bigger than a man's hand which foreshadowed a cyclone. It was a tradition in Doradilla—I don't know why—that all important and well paid positions ought to be held by Scotchmen or Germans. Now, O'Flaherty was of Hibernian descent, and the Irish, like their Saxon oppressors, were alike tacitly held to be unfitted for the tenure of any remunerative billet. There were thus not a few of the shareholders who had from the first secret misgivings as to the wisdom of giving away a lucrative post to one selected from outside the favored pale. However, the bank started and the shares continued to rise, and all for a time went merry as a marriage bell. To get to business. The bank had of course to take customers at whom other institutions looked askance, and in a good many cases the help afforded by the Mercantile to struggling young enterprising firms put the latter so completely on their legs that the older banks began to regret their pre cipitancy in parting with their old clients, and began to relax their purse strings. But of course bad debts were occasionally made, and one of these unfortunately occurred in connection with a dealer in old scrap iron. The amount involved was not serious, but the shareholders were furious, and in a fit of virtuous indignation the Directors with much show of acting more in sorrow than anger got rid of poor O'F., and Shepherd reigned in his stead. Against Shepherd nothing would be said. If not actually born north of the Tweed, his father hailed from the land of cakes and whisky. He was ambitious, and possessed a clear, vigorous intellect and great powers of work. The only people who regarded the appointment with disapproval were rival bank managers, who felt that they had now promoted to be their equal one who would never rest till he was treated as their chief. Filberton, the manager of the Bank of Doradilla, alone refrained from expiessing his disappoint ment. He only thrust his hands a little deeper than usual into his trousers pocket and said, "That young man is quite unscrupulous enough to be very successful." As Fil berton was known to be an authority on the subject of unscrupulous persons, this was held to be a sort of compliment, and was in that light regarded by Shepherd when the remark had in due course been repeated to him. The business of the bank was conducted on strictly orthodox lines. Some ignorant shareholders had at first suggested that Directors possessing some slight acquaintance with banking matters should be elected, but they were promptly silenced. It was shown that the universal practice of Dora dillians was to appoint Directors who did not know the difference between a half-yearly rest and an overdue accept ance. It was far more important that they should get men who would not know enough to interfere with the manager. Indeed, one enthusiast went so far as to point out—what was perfectly true—that the most pros perous bank in the place was conducted without the aid of any Directors at all. Warned by the untimely fate of his predecessor, Shepherd avoided notify ing the occurrence of any bad debts to his Directors. Carefully cooked statistics, which no one read, were laid before them at the bi-weekly meetings. No one read them. The fees were spread out on the table and duly scooped, and then Shepherd would unfold some Yankee scheme for ex tending the usefulness of the bank in collecting the pence of Sunday-school scholars throughout the rural districts. This was a theme which never failed to raise the enthusiasm of Mr. Ratte, the chairman, who would start a dis cussion, under cover of which all the others slipped quietly out of the room, and thus Shepherd was left with a free hand till the next meeting. The final fate of the bank must be deferred till the next chapter. (To be continued). 