AMUSING. Penelope : '' Do von see that handsome fellow bj'the piano? I rejected him once." Perdita : " That's nothing. I rejected him twice." ' - There goes a man who' left. Congress poorer than he was when - ho entered it." "All ! A good proof of his-"splendid in tegrity r" " Oh, no—of his miserable luck at poker." First pilgrim : " The holy hermit is in an awful humor tins morning. He has a tem per like vinegar." Second pilgrim Say not so, brother; say rather like ascetic acid." Mr "Watts : £' If that isn't just like a woman. Buttoning her shoes with a Mrs Watts ; " I don't care. Didn 11 hear you tolling Air Potts about having to put on your hat with a shoe horn ?" Maude—" Are you going to hang up your stockings at Christmas, Gust'' Gus "No; I've had to hang up my dress suit and fall overcoat, but I think the governor will send mo a. remittance before it gets as bud UBthat." Per*. Dr. Primrose—" I'm afraid there has been little joy in the present festive season for you, my good woman." Mrs M'Ginnis —"True fur yez, sorr. Mo son in the piniteiichery wuz the only one of the family to hev turkey for Thanksgiving." "Does your daughter speak the lan guages?" "Not to any extent. She can say * yes,' though, in five of 'em, in case any foreign nobleman asks her to marry." Too valuable to lose: Shoivter—"Why do you swallow that fiery whisky? It doesn't quench your 'thirst, does it ? " Hcnnossev "Quench it? Well, I should rather hope not! "Why do you not eatyour apple,Tommy?' I in waitin till Johnny Briggs comes along. Apples taste much better when there s some, other kid to watcli you cat 'cm." "Is Miss Winterblooni in?" " No sir. She told riic to say that she waited for you until half-past four.!' "But I told her expressly 1 wouldn't he hero until five!" "Yes, sir. So I heard her say." A prude : Miss Flighty—"Oh, auntie, why have yon never been photographed ? " Auntie—"My dear—how can you—why. I hear that the young, man sees you upside down through the camera 1" President Board of Police Commission • " Wo are sorry to say, O'Hoolahan, that vou are discharged from; that force." O'Hoola han : " An'fer pwhat cause, yor honor?" President : "A jewellery store was burglar ised m your district. last night. Did you meet any 0110 on your heat last night ?'" OHoolalian: " Yis, yer honor. I met s man, an'he said he was going to open a jewellery store. President : " He did open a jewellery store and stolo 5000 dols. worth of goods." O'Hoolahan: " The man may liavc been a tliafe, hut lie was no liar." Da nib was awakened early one Christmas morning by a noise in his kiteben, and on going down to that apartment found a bur glar doing his spoons up in a bundle. "Why d-do you s-s-st-t-teal ?" ho asked. "Because I am starving," returned the housebreaker, sullenly. '"'Are y-you ro-ro re-roally, ver-vevy li-h-huug-hun".";u"' gery-liungry r" asked Lamb. " Very," re plied the burglar, turning away. "Pup-pup poor fuf-fuf-fellow!" said the essayist. H-here?sa 1-I-lcjr of L-L-Lumb for you." And so saying, with n dexterous • movement of his right leg he ejected the marauder into the street, and, lochinpr the door securely went back to bed. The burglar confessed afterwards that ho didn't see the joke for six weeks. "What's that ye're daein', Jamie?" ex claimed M'"Whacker, the coal-dealer, to liis now hoy assistant the other day ; •' what's that ye're throwin' a if the cairt, laddie5 No' coal, shairlv?" "No," replied tlic boy, " I was just valin' oot some o' time big lumps o' slate, and flingin' them oot." " Flingin' them oot ! " vcjieated the denier iu tones of unaffected Ais^mst " An' yer faithcr tclt mc tliat° ho thocht ye wad be a graun haun to learn the coal trade. I doot, ma callant, uatur' never intcudit you to niak' a leavin' sellin' coal I think ye had butler tell j*et faither to try an' get you putten through tlio college for a minister." Swcci Girl : " George, although X refused to mmry you, I promised to ho xi sister to you, you know." George (gloomily) : * 1 -c-3. "And you know you said I might '""I. yuu said you'd be ft brother to me." " Did I r" " Yes, I'm sure vou said some thing like tlmt." " Well, I'll try." "That's real good of you. Can you - spare a little lime forme now ?" "A life time, if you ask it. •' Nu, only a few lionrs." " Cer tainly. What is it you want?" ••Tlmt liook-nosed old lady over there, with green goggles, is my chaperon. I wish you'd take her oil and ihrfc with Lor this evening, so I can have a little chat with jtfr Hansom." " What is in the package?" asked the clerk at tho express office, proceeding to fill out a blank. "Old letters," replied the yonug woman. "Value?" mechanically inqmrcd the clerk. "Fifty thousand dol lars. -And tho plaintiff in the breach of iromise caseofJoone against Do Cembor, who' md just remitted a batch of documents to her lawyer, walked out of tho express office with a vivid but business-like gleam in her eye. Unsod Dowuee (7 a.m.)—Great Cmsar! A saeak-ihief has been in our room and takeu all our clothes. What'll we do?" Itowne tie Bout " Not all. He has missed our dress-suits. Wo can put them on." "What5 Dress-suits in the morning ? We'll bo eter nally disgraced." " Can't he helped. Wo must put them on and go out to breakfast. I erlmps ouv friends will think we've been w .« ""Klit-" "By jovo! Good idea! We II pretend to bo drunk." A French captain once left Marseilles for Glinia, hut, being buffeted bf the wimls, made for tlio harbor of Tunis, to await better weather. The collector of the port came on board, and although the captain stated that lie was freighted for Canton,' and hud liotbiigto do with Tunis, the collector suc ceeded in proving to him that he must pay his harbor dues. Captain B did so, but repaired instantly to tlie palace of the Bev and demanded justice. " Good Frank," said the Bey, " I tun your friend. What do you want? "Highness," answered the cap tain, ' your Custom House lias robbed me. I have had to pay unjustly." " Excellent individual, • answered the Bey. " in this oountiy when wo have money we keep it. I Ibc first acquisition is n difficulty, hut to n t a ""ug is unknown in" Africa." shall I not liavo justice, then ? " " Cer tainly ; everyono has justice iu Tunis. Will you have it in French or Tunis fashion ? " icncli justice, never! I am in a hurry . So be it, then," replied the Bey. » What is your cargo?" "Marseilles soapand 20,000 cotton caps." "It is well; go away and Ik; tranquil Tlie Bey then summoned his Vizer. " Vizor," said he, " wo love justice; we love tlio I' ranks Proclaim tlmt ovcrv Jew who appears out of doors to-morrow without a cotton cap will have a little trans action to settle with me." The unfortunate men were preparing for deatli when they learned that captain B had an abundance of the desired article. That was enough ; lio was able to sell his entire lot for 8s a cap. Ho rushed to the Bcv's p;il;ice, and poured forth his thanks. " Not so fast," said the Bey. " 1 have not dine yet. Vizer, pro claim that every Jew who keeps a cotton cap uuotlior hour will have troublo with mo." The Vizer made a grand salaam, and re tired. When Captain B returned to tlio ship ho found a crowd of Jews already a wait ing him, caps in hand. He purchased all the articles again for a penny apiece, and went on to Canton with his cargo intact, and his purse laden with the silver thus juggled from the Jews. A tradesman in a Mid-Lanarkshire town was recently arraigned bofore one of the local magistrates on the charge ot cutting down a tree situated in the back garden of the house which he tenanted, without having obtained the cousent of the landlord. The bailie who was 011 the bench chanced to be a pompous, self opinionated old gcntlcuum, whose legal knowledge is almost nil yet who is so fond of hearing himself speaking that he cannot resist the opportunity of lecturing the unlucky persons who are brought before him. " What wcy did yo cut doon the tree?" the magistrate inquired, sharply, addressing the accused. "The tree was quite.dcid an' rotten sin' I cam' to the, liooso, and as it spiled tho look of the gnirdon I eut it doon. Besides, I didua ken it was ouy liainn, or I wad liae letitalauo." " That'll no' dae, my. man," said the bailie, severely, " yo say yc didna ken that it was wrong, but ignorance o' tho law is nao excuse for ony man." . ""Wecl, bailie," replied the cul prit, gravely, but with the ghost of a sly, humoruos twinkle in his eye, "if that's the case it's gey hard on the baith o' us." Nearly a quarter of an hour elapsed be fore order was entirely restored.V 