CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. On Wednesday evenings meeting was held in the Goodwood Bible Christian Church to welcome the Revs. W. Lee and H. W. Horwill, M.A. The Rev. W. F. James (president of the Conference), took the chair. Rev. T. E. Keen, and Messrs. J. G. and Jo?. Ashton, and C. G. Gtzrr (Mayor of Unley), spoke words of welcome. The Rev. W. Lee expressed his great admiration of the church, and paid a warm tribute to the work done by the denomination in the colonies. The Rev. H. W. Horwill dealt in a racy way with the leading features of English Chursh work, and with the prominent men in the various denominations. The following appointments are noted in the latest issue of the official gazette of the Salva tion Army:—Captain Herbert J. Wiltshire to Glenelg, Captain Rebecca Can to Mildnra, Lieutenant Mabel Sarson to Unley, Lieutenant Mary J. Money to Mildura, Lieutenant James Twist to Glenelg. On Friday evening Miss Ellis a school children gave an entertainment in the Bowden Bible Christian lecture- hall before a good audience. Songs, duets, choruses, recitations, and musical drill were given in a praiseworthy style' The Rev. J. Raymont presided. The following personal items are taken from the Christian Weddy of March 25:—The Rer. C. A. Berry arrived at Plymouth by the Ophir about the middle of last month, with his health thoroughly restored by his trip to Aus tralia, The Rev. W. Gould Taylor, of Deniti qmn, bas resigned his connection with die New South Wales and Queensland Conference, with a view to entering the ministry of the Presbyterian Church. The Rev. W. T. Hiatt, of Moonta Mines, is paying a short visit to Victoria, whence he he came three years ago to this colony. Mr. Hiatt, on his return, enters on his new sphere of laboratMaitland. Mr. Walter Edmonds, who died recently at Penzanoeat the age of 95, had been on the preachers' plan of the Pen zanoe circuit for 70 years. The Rev. Canon Edmonds, of Exeter Cathedral, is his son. Rev. Osric Copland, formerly of Brougham place Church, North Adelaide, after eight years' successful work at Prahran, Vic toria, has resigned the pastorate of the church. The resignation is on account of his family and will probably take effect in June next Professor Harper, who has just returned to Melbourne, is going to "do' Deuteronomy for Dr. Nicoll's "Expositor's Bible." Dr. Stalker says :—" I have hoard no piece of literary news more gratifying for a long tune, and I venture to predict that when the volume appears it will rank with the best of the aeries." The Rev. John Watsford, as be was preparing to enter the pulpit of Wesley Church, Melbourne, to deliver the ordination charge, had a telegram handed to him from his friend, the Rev. 6. C. Grubb, M.A., the Anglican miaaioner, who was then at Dunedin, New Zealand. It contained c reference "Acts x., 44." The text reads, " While Peter yet spake these words the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the wordy No church walls separate these brethren in Christ. Mr. John Dorman, of Brighton, who died on Tuesday last, was one of the few survivors of those local preachers whose name appeared on the old Pirie-street circuit plan. Mr. Dor- man, as well as being a local preacher, was one of our oldest class leaders, and the influence of his consistent character, godly life, and faithful pulpit ministrations will be much missed both in the immediate neighborhood in which he lived and in the Glenelg circuit, for which he did such long, continuous, and ac- ceptable service. From the Victoria and Tasmania Conference station-list the following items of interest to South Australians are taken:—Mr. Knight becomes the superin tendent of the Prahran circuit, and Mr. Percy Knight, B. A., is appointed toTraralgon, Gippaland. The name of Messrs. Withington and VvUliam Williams, F.L.S*, appear against Richmond and Toorak respectively. Mr. Wells is the lecturer on theofoev at the Theo logical Institution. Mr. Mfllard is a supernu merary, and a very active and useful one, at Ijannceston; while the Rev. Thomas James has extended permission to reside in England. On Thursday evening the quarterly meeting of the Brompton Wesleyan circuit was held in the classroom of the Brompton Wesleyan Lectore haU, when the pastor (Rev. Joseph Nicholson) presided over a good attendance. He reported that the membership was 179, of which eight were on trial The financial statement showed receipts, £75 lls. 9d.; expenditure, £74185. 4d. An interesting discussion took place on the work of the Methodist Council, and Messrs. James Harry, T. Pickering, J. Shaw, J. Gray, and J. Rowe were elected members of it The Rev. Mr. Nicholson was granted a holiday of two weeks. _^__^_^____ 