An Onwarltl Step. Tno decision of the Broadfnrd Shire Council at its recent sitting, to take steps to frame a bye-law prohibiting the violation of the Wednesday half holiday arrangemen , has met with ex pressions of pleasure and satiseaction from the large number of shopkeepers in the township, who by its provisions will be benefitted. We congratnoste the town upon the progress of'the movement to such an important s'age towards permanency, and certainty; and in their name we take the liberty to thank the Council for the decision with which it has given effect to the all but unirersal wish of those con nsrned: The object of the measure, as has heen already stated, is simply and solely to gire security to the halt-holi dhay sand this is urged on the strong belief-which has not been controverted \--that, wi!r D i nt m ·s·: in n-tir,·utn-e for all, it dtso no t t.il i to the actual and seriousdisalvautage of ant one. As to the public ib 'oned ?fri-. greatly fear. We will `doT'hd' :1i' Shonor of saying that they are:` txerf greatly in sympathy with ibidvrrt lasting grind of orthodox actual life themselves; and while they may not be disposed to take with the best pos sible grace, this slight curtailment of their convenience, they will secretly admire the unity and as ion which se-. cures so obvious an advantage to their fellows. And.after all it may not un fairly be asked whether there be not a limit to even the legitimate demands of the inexorable ' public.' The Ameri cans are wont to say that corporations have no souls and one is half inclined to think the words are applicable to the 'public.' At any rate, every shop keeper will bear us out in saying that the ' public' would not scrutle to deal at. m-?.?iht. if thi . could get store keepers to becomin~'snttibi~'htly obliging to keep their premises open to that hour. Nor are we by any means cer tain that the sanctity of the Salbhth would prove effectual in keeping the shutters up on that day, if there were but the ghost of a chance of purring custom and the police out of the way. There is always enough sense of fir. ness in the pubIlc mind, it lift t ' hieir own independent judgment, to 'prerent serious opposition to any measue , that is seen to he jus and humane ; anl this is armed with both. As the resi dents hare not stirred to o00ose' the movement, however, it would be ui.nst to regard them as its foes; and in carrying out their acton to its necrs sary conelu-ion the Oouneil may, front these indications, feel assured of ac qniescence and of strongly grateful sup port. 