SPOKTIN© NOTES EltOM ? QUEENSLAND. ? (THOU OUK OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Brisbane, Sunday. Tlao Exhibition Sports. Yesterday flnishod up for ns ono of the busiest weeks of the yoar, aud those who ro quired in the interests of the community to combino ploosuro with hard graft, have had anything but an enviable time of it. The annual pick-up of tho Queensland National Association at Boweu Park acted liko a hugo poultico on tho countryitos, aud drew them to tho metropolis m shoals irom far and noar. On every day of tho week sinco Tuesday last thero was ahugogathoringat tho Exhibition Grounds, and taking advantage of tho op portunity, tho suburban raco olubs catered successfully for thoso who woro out in search of sport. What with tho hunters' jumping contests on Wednesday, Thursday' Friday, and Saturday ; the Coorparoo raoe mooting ou Thursday : the Creek reunion on Friday ; and tho high jump at the Exhibition aud tho finish of the Q.T.C. winter meeting yostorday, he would bo a glutton who haukorod afr.er moro. In fact, thoro was too much jollification altogether squeezed into a limited space, and most of us will bo heartily glad to settlo down again into tho old groove. Tlio judging of tho horsoa at tho Show Ground was ono ot the leading foatures of tho week's proceedings, but os compared with previous years tho display was anything but a good one. Owing probably to tho decision of tbo railway people to charge this year for the carriage of exhibits, tho owners of most of the handsome blood horses usually seen and admired at this timo of tho year did not put in an appearance, and tho absence of such celebrities as Archie, Mel bourne, Phil Athol, Westmiustor, Buck thorpe, and others was very disappointing. Without them thore were only two beauties in tho ring, thoso being Kingfish and Wheat moat, between wliom, as last year, tlioro was a close competition for tlio bluo ribbon. Last year tho honor was awarded to the Carrington horso, but tho opinons of the two judges this year were dividod, and tho refereo, who was called in, gave his vote to Wheatmeat. In tho trotting Beotion, Mr. Dr.vid Tait, of Bromel ton, was again iu evidence with his boautiful pair, Lord Vermont, by Vormont, Junr (imp), and Builder, by Contractor (imp), aud both roceived decorations. Tho jumping, this year, was tip-top, and good judges from down your way went into ecstuciua ovor tho good qualities displayed by tho Quoonsland hunting horses. On Thursday a doplorablo accidont ooourred, the popular mastur of tho Brisbauo hounds, Mr. E. G. Eohliu, having his left leg badly smashed iu a fall with the horse Spring Bar, in tho Hunters' Plate, whioh i-as won by tho reoord-smaaher, Spondulix, but tho unfor tunate gentleman had the pleasure of hearing on Friday of the success of his old favorite, Pilot, in the Light-weight Hunters' Plate. With tlio exception of our pet trotting maro L. Jeanne, a very poor lot camo out to put up a trotting rooord for a mile, and, as oxpooted, Mr. Willie Stevens' maro had it all her own way, trotting the four rounds of tho track in 2min 53isec, which now stands as tho milo record. Tlio Turf. Thoro was a torribly poor attendance at Eaglo Farm yestorday to witnoss tho final performances of tho horses engaged in tho Q.T.C. winter meeting, and tho big club will iu all probability havo to face a considerable loss on tho meeting. Things aro in a bad way with our leading turf institution, and if wo havo many experiences liko those of tho past twolvo mouths, racing up here will go to tho doge, for although tlio sport is good in itsolf, it is not sufficient, without public support, to keop the club in funds. Thfi racing yesterday was quite up to tho mark. Nino horsos went out for tho Ascot Haudicap, 7 furlongs, which proved a good thing for the Waterloo gelding Advanco, who is a cut above the average gee of tho gentlomanly little ohesnut, who was ouco himself a leading light. Coronolla started a hot favorito, but she seems to havo gono off again, and was nover dangerous throughout tlio run. Aftor throo furlongs bad beon loft behind tho grey colt, Clytho, wont to tho front and remainod thoro until tho atraight was reached, when Advanco and Fitzroy put in thoir claims, and tho three year-old lasting tho longest, won by a long length in lrain 31iaoc. Rodheart, who carried the top weight, 12at -lib, was a strong tip for tho Second Hurdlo Eaco, but ho was uover in it with tlio Fonman gelding Manoroo, who, under list, mado all tho running, and sailed homo %a comfortablo winner from a big brown borso named Car digan, who ia by u, comparatively unknown siro named Rodgor, standing somewhere in tho Western districts, the favorito being third. Tho two miles wero out out in 3min 55soo, which ia a rattling good go over tho fences. Elymas, and nothing but Elymas, would go down with backers for tho Exhibi tion Handicap, and to back him Boomed liko picking up money aftor tho way ho romped homo in tuo ten-furlong race on tho iirst day. With his penalty ho carried Ost 111b, under which ho failed to live at tho cracking paco at which tho milo was run. There woro only soven Btarters, thoir names and. weights, and tho order of tho finish, being as follow : — Sir. ir. Hunter's cli c Ti idontate, ljr Trident— Ailce, 3yn,-i3t 51b (Flood)... .. 1 Hr. W. keut'B b o Primo Minister, by Wea't-' minster— StocltdoTO, 4vts, 9st lilb (P. atrick laml) ? t n llr. E. J. Easton'a cb I Strayahot, by Butler— CountcjB, 4jrrs,7stiab (Valentino) ? 3 Mr. J. Stone n- br h Ulyiuus, 5j-r», Ott 111b ( W. Bto&ft;) ,m ,i, ,„ ,,i ,„ Ml ,„ 0 Mr. J. BusaelTs br c Dillon, 3jrs, 9st 51b (P. Smith) ... ... ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr. J. Allman's b m Staff Sing, Gyra, Sat 101b (Lindsny) ? 0 Mr. J. M'Gill'sbm Mhutor Belle, 4jrs, Cat 101b (Kcndriok) ... ... ... ? , ... 0 Taking advantage of his light weight, the threo-year-old ran to tho front aftor going a few strides, aud sailing along in groat style mado tho paoe so fast that everything was dead in the first throo-quarters. No donbt tho big woights expoetod the youngster to como back to them, and allowod him to get a Saw lengths clear, but they quito underrated him, for ho got going liko n tradesman to the end, and was never ouco touched with tho whip. That magnificent oolt Primo Minister waa tho only ono of tho others left with an effort at the finish, but ho failed to reduce tlio gap, although under tho weight ho ran like tho champion ho ia to got Booond iu such rattling good timo— linin 421sec. Our pre vious record for tlio milo was lmin 433aec, which was put up by Buttons undor Ost, but tho going then waa in nothing liko tbo order it id in now. The winnor, Triilontato, was purchased for Mr. Huntor as a yearling, awl ia a very handaomo colt, taking very much after, his Biro. Ho has always shown fair work, hut, being a lazy follow, had never pre viously boen persuaded to do hia best, and many of ua knew that it waa only a matter of timo for him to croup out of his eholl, although, aftor all, ho took us by surprise. Such a porformanco as that accomplished by him yesterday stamps him as a brilliant race horse, and as ho possesses pace, strength, and staying powers, and haa an excellent temper, there should be a great future in store for him Tho second steeploahaao provided another fiasco, only two being left in at the finish out of tho five startora. The old bay horse Inker man, with list ou his back, uhowed tho way ovor all the fencos, aomo of whioh are regular posers, and finished a long way in front of Zanco, tho others— Silvershot, who was out of sorts, and blundered at' the jumps ; War Cry, who refusod to try; and First Game, who oamo to grief — being unable to tret round. Old First Game was riddon by hia ownor, an old warrior named Pearso, -who showed so much pluck iu the raoe that Charlie Brown and W. Moonoy went round with tha hat and raked in a sum of £32, which was presented to him amidst a great amount of ohoorjng. The poor old chap looked more like a ghost than a steopleohaso rider, and although ho is aa game us a soldier-aut, it secma almost a shame that ho should be allowed to risk breaking his neck, for ho is quito too feeble to save himself in a serious fall. The Grand Flaneur— Einouto maro, Lady, who is as handsomo as paint, but as. fioklo as the remainder of her sex, went out a hot pot for the Weltor Handicap, buj; although prominent at the turn, she failed when the squeeze came, and the winner turned up in thn outsider Decoy, who, in the hands of one of our crack horsemen, Woodgate, oamo with a splash at the right moment and reached the goal in front of Black Eagle and poor old Firato, running the nine f uriongs in 2mm lsoo. Prime Minister started a 2 1 to 1 on favorite for tho Stand Plato, and making no mistake, got homo after a good finish from Reprieve; whom he beat by two lengths in lmin 4-laoo for the milo. After previously running a severe race, it waa a good performance for tho bie fellow to carry 9st 61b to tho front iu Buch fast timo, and if he goes on all right there are still hopes of bis becoming a shining; star in tho racing firmament. Thus the mooting ended. At Coorparoo, on Thursday, fivo events were run off as usual. Tho Trial Stakes, Gi fur longs, waa won by an outsider in Sir Henry, on whom a dividond of £18 12a was paid : and tho Archie pony Houriotto made a dead heat of it with Elaie II. in the Nnraugra Handicap, for ponies 14 hands and undor. Tabooba got homo from a good field in the Open Handicap in lmin 50 2-5aeo for tho milo, and tho Claronco Eivor pony Kato (lato Pusay) won the 13.2 handioap, while tho Dooeiver boat all tho best galloways in the Beerwah Handicap, and paid to the lucky investors a dividend of £27 11s. Mr. James M'Gill is [again advertising a nuinbor of his horses for sale, amongst them the stallion Buokthorpo, and La Grange and Pirate, but at present there is a poor market here for raoing stock. Mr. T. Gallagher has had a stroke of bad lnck during the pa3t wook. Ou Thursday afternoon his good old horso Uanobio, who was, perhaps, tho best of our hurdlo horses, over reached himself while exorcising, and wrenched tho ligaments of one of hia forolegs so badly that it will be impossible for him to race Tho racing pony Murilla haa beon sold at a big figuro to go South. She has done nothing hero that would make her out a champion, but aho may bo a good one for all that. I hear that W. Miller, who recently returned hero from Sydnoy, has taken a loose of Mr. W. Moouoy's racing stables at Houdra, and that H. Linnell, who ha3 occupied them for somo timo past, is going into Tattersall'a Lodge. Cycllnc Two of our best-known cyclists, E. Sando man and W. B. Minos, took a run on their bikoa hist wook to establish a record botweon tho two Points. Thoy woro obatruotod a lot on tho journoy, but nmnuged to cover tha 20 miles and 200yda. in lh. 50min. Tho Ipswich whoolmen havo formed a Bicycle Club, to be called the Ipswioh Cycling Club, and judging by tho interest taken in tho initial meeting, it should have a successful future. 