Y.M.C.A. WINTER LECTURES. MENTAL TELEGRAPHY." It is customary for the Young Men's Christian Association to arrange a popular course of free lectures with the view of providing intellectual entertainment and instruction, more especially with the new of improving the young men of tbe city. The lectures are all free, the passport to entrance being a ticket which Mr. Virgo (the Secretary) is only too glad to hand to any applicant. A strong course of lectures has been arranged for this winter. The series will include lectures by His Honor tbe Chief Justice, Dr.D. L. Bevan, LL.B., of Melbourne, and Dr. Robert Steel, of Sidney, in addition to tlie inaugural lecture given on Friday evening by the Rev. E. H. Sugden, B.A., B.Sc., of Melbourne. The hall, including the galleries, was packed, many people standing. Mr. F. Chappie, R.A., B.Sc., Vice- President of the Association, presided. Mr. SUGDEN, who initiated the series, is Principal of Queen's College University of Melbourne, and in his own colony the rev. gentleman has obtained some note as a lecturer on scientific and social questions. He chose as his subject on Friday evening "Mental Telegraphy." He said man w.s the focial animal par txceilence. There was also amongst the lower animals some form of society, though it wus not so highly developed. Other animals communicated witli one another, but man only had found out how to speak. That perfect method of communication had superseded almost all othtrs, either written or vocal. Still there were other means of communication. They had oniy to fctudy the lower animal* to understand. See bsesor ants moving about, or pigeons circling in the air. Tbey understood each other without the nse of any articulate sounds. He contended that tiere stiU remained in man traces of a primitive power he possessed before he could speak, a power of direct coinnmnicatiou of thought to thought, of mind with mind, a faculty he had lost as be bad lost to a large extent the faculty of locality, which the lower animals possessed, because of want of use. Still there were other means of communication. Gestures, which were a capital aid to language. Then there was the so-called thought-reading. Such men as Bishop, Cumberland, and others mystified their audiences. What tbey did was re illy due to unconscious muscularity, and it admitted of great delicacy. Interesting experiments to illustrate the arguments were given. Mr. Sugden, blindfolded, with his hand on the Chairman's head, led the way to a walking-stick, which was taken from the owner and carried to Mr. Charles Goode, as was all arranged in Mr. Chappie's mind. Then a bilden pin was easily [found, amidst the cheers of the audience. Mr. Sugden said what he had done was very simple, and any one could do it. The rule when they held the hand was to follow the direction of the least resistance. Quite nnconsciously to the one operated up TOthe muscles were affected by the mind, and indicated to the operator in which way he should go. Another means of communication was tbe actual transfer of thought from mind to mind without any - knoira mateiial medium. Bishop once in hL> hearing had said he could do what had been done without a material medium. And he could do so. It was sufficient with a very good medium to hold a long stick or even a piece of string between the two persons. That had been proved by a great number of experiments conducted at the instance of the Society for Psychical Research. Two men named Blackburn and Smith were really the first to prove very much. They carried on experiments under the eye of the committee of the Psychical Research Society. There was no possibility of collusion between, the men, one of whom would think of a more or le9s uncommon object, which the other would dra*v. Mr. Sugden, with the aid of lime'ight, showed some of the first attempts of these two men at thought transference. The convincing test was when Smith, the thought-reader and writer, had his ears stopped with putty so that be could not hear, and his eyes first covered with sticking-plaster and then with putty, so that he could not see. Finally, he was coverea with an eiderdown quilt. He was a martyr to science if ever there was one. (Laughter.) That thought transference was not without analogies in the natural sciences, e.g., acoustics and magnetism. There was no physical medium or physical action in magneti-m. Thought transference micht be usefully applied. It probably went a long "way to account for a great many of tbe alleged facts connected with spiritualistic seances and ghost stories. While thought transference did not account for everything in connection with spiritualism it did for a good many. He did not question the honesty of spiritualists, nor did he question their facts, but he did question the interpretation which they put upon them. There were, however, residual facte to be accounted for, and there was ample room for scientific research. He really thought, however, that the spirits of departed ones were not so much in evidence at seances as was thought transference. Instances of thought transference were familiar to most people. Who had not heard of people thinking of dying friends who miles away when dying thought of the other person? He could easily understand how thus strongly impressed the latter might be under the hallucination that he saw a figure of the dying oue — in fact, a ghost. Though most frequently heard of in connection with dying people, other remarkable cases had occurred, of which Mr. Sugden narrated telling instances. The best explanation that could be offered was that they ran upon very similar lines to the transference of the pictures he had illustrated. The most constant application of thought transference was to be found in the unconscious influence of mind on mind, which had so much to do with moral influence. It was not whatamanseemed to be, but what he was that had influence, no matter how skilfully he played his cards or covered his insincerity. It was no good to sham to be good, but people must be good if they wanted to exert a good influence. If they were wrong at heart they would do harm. Parents especially for the sake of their little children should be good and pure. The children took the mould of their character from their parents, and were not infiuenced so much by what they saw or heard as by the magnetic influence of their parents. (Applause.) The lecturer was frequently heartily applauded, and at the conclusion of his interesting lecture His Honor the Chief Justice moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Sugden. This was enthusiastically carried. The expenses of the lectures, and they are by no means light, are to be defrayed by collections, one of which was taken np on Friday evening. During the evening the Y.M.C.A. choir sang choruses. THE S.S. SALIEB.—The following is tho passenger-list for Adelaide of the 6.s. Salier, due at Largs Bay on July 26:—Mrs. Bertha Biennann, Miss Elsie Schmidt, Miss M. Eckart, Mr. F. Helling, jun., Mr. Charles Hundertpfund, Misses A. Biirkle and Catha. Bttrkle, and Messrs. Johann Adams, Anders Andersson, and Wilhelm Wiklund. 