I Tlie Heiress of Deepdene . . chatter xxxi, and last. Mrs. TnnnEitxE s oonlidonco in . lxor own fiisoinntions and Gnrlick's nbili- : ties , xy, orp. not . miaplncod, for at, tho ond ,;of'. 'ft" wook tlioro arrived an envelope directed to her, and insido was the address ' of a firm of bankors in Calcutta. Noto-jx-ord from the dotoctivo him self tabky lioxv. ho obtained tho sooret. No diito — oven tho handwriting xvas disguised. ; Mr, Gnvliok did not enro for tho task of 'betraying Miss Byrne's snorot ; but tho Trohornos had t, rented liiin so JuiotaUy tjvor xvhnt lie dosoribod ns " that last little nffuir" that ho xvas : ; glad to have a ehnnco of showing that ho xvns not ungrateful. Bosidns, lio xvns.a mnn accustomed to x-ioxx'ing matters from an nbstraot, ns xvoll ns concrete, point of vioxv, and it xvas his opinion that it'xvoxild bo bettor for nil parties coucoi'nod if Captain Vane , could Jia inducod to return Katio it xvns xvho wrote the lottor ... that; was intended to recall tho young officer, and xvo may bo Biiro her caso .did -not' sillier frqin not boing put etrongly enough 1 ; As a matter of foot, . Kiitib was really oxtromoly anxious nliout Made line's health,' and sho told Captain Vane vory plainly ' that it xvns hor opinion his xvifo would not live vory long if ho did not return, and thuB sot Kor mind at rest. ' ' Of what' has passed botxvooii you and Mndolino I knoxv little or nothing;' sho said, in conclusion ; but this I do knoxv, that alio is pining liorsolf into a consumption! on account of . your absence, nnd thoroforo I implore you to come to Euglnnd, ovon if you ' i leave it a ,xyook aftorxvnrds ! ' The lottor despatched, nnd thon the- little lady sot liorsolf ' to wait, xvith. what patience she might, for the' rply- .. : ' ' Uf course you oan't expect to havo pne;by''tlie next rniiil ! '; said Jiitikj'wlio xvas.wdll-iiigli , as, anxious / as liorsolf. ; 'In all probability, . Godfrey ; is some where; lip-country, and tho letter "xx'ill havp.tobeforwnrdo'd on .to him.",". ' This surmiso provod correct,, .for two mails onmo in xvithout bringing tho expected answer, and Katio xvns beginning to despair. , . . . ! , ' , Moreover, as the summor waned, so Madolino grow move apd more fragile, . nnd the flush on berclibekdooponod to n brilliant crimson that would' have been most bonutifitl if it had not boon . : so terribly suggestive. ; , " \'J A dootor xvns called in, xvho. ox- ammod hor, but ho declared thorp xvas no orgnuio disease— nothiug that' his stethoscope could discover or his medicino reach. She xvnnted tone— : . she was bolow par ; perhaps a ohango of air to tho son- might do hor good. 'So in Ootobor tho Trehornos — baby included — .and tlieir -. guost xvont to Brighton 5 but noitbor tbo journoy nor tho son-breezo seemed .to liavo any offoot on Madoline, who was as .quiet and listless as over. . 'Tou aro taking a great deal of. trouble, on my account;' she said gratefully one day to Katie, after they had boon at Brighton rather more : than a fortnight. 'I don't think I dosorve all your kindness ! ' ' My dear !' Katio cried, impulsivoly, with, itoars in her oyos, ' xvhon I boo you going about liko this — a 'ghost of your old self— I feel I am n murder- . ess !' 'What nonsonso, 'Katio ! ' I Tl»ln nj\|. MA..nn.ii.A I -tb, 4.1, A . ...1 AAu xu a uui uvudi;u9u ; ii< a tuu minui- able truth ! It xvns through me you : married .. Godfrey Vane ! and it's through him you aro so unhappy !' Madeline drew herself up quickly, and hor oyOs flashed. '.No!' sho exclnimod, xx'ith a straugo thrill in her voioo. 'He is not to V blnmo! I- havo boon in fault all . through ; and I have no right to com plain if retribution lias soizod mo ! Do you knoxv,' she added, xvith a sad smile, ' I oftou think that Fato has a grudge against mo, for everything I havo to do xvith seems to turn out. badly ! I am dreadfully tired of it all, Katie! Sometimes xvhon I lio \- down .at niglit I feel inclined to pray that I mny never wake up again!' Katio choked back tho tears that, in spite of hor ondeax'ours, xvould spring to her oyos, and busied herself' in pouring out tho glass of xvino that sho insisted on Madeline drinking overy morning. After this ceremony was ovor sho started the young girl out for a drive > xx'ith Jack, and then sat down in front , of the fire, ' nnd 'lost liorsolf in arovorie that, "to judge from her face, was far ./from being pleasant. , i.She .was aroused by the opening of jv, the. door, and a servant announced,— ' Ciiptain Yano, |if you please, ;i J ma'am!' ' t : : She sprang from|hor chair, and faced him ; and hor surpriso and rohef wnB so groat, that almost for tho first limo in hor lifo Katio lost hor tonguo. ' Yos, it xvas Godfrey ! — bronzed nnd boardod, and older looking, but still the sumo handsome, blue-eyed God frey of old ; and Katie's delight at soo- ing him xvns so groat tlmt sho after wards told her husband hor first im pulse was to kiss him ! ' Thon xvliy, in tho nnmo of good ness, didn't you do so ?' phloguiatic- nllyrepliod Jack. 'Oh ! '. she cried, at last, soizing his band, and half Inugliiug, half crying, ' thank Heaven, you have come ! I xvob beginning to despair of ovor sott ing oyos on you again ! ' . Ho siniled grnvoly, nnd led her to a couok, when ho sonted hiinsolf bosido her. ,'i 'Yes, 'he said, 'I havo como; but it was not xvithout a sovoro struggle !' ' Not when I told you how ill your wife was ?' . His oyos foil, though his faco bo- aauio clouded over with visiblo anxiety. 'Is she really ill? ' ho said, in a low voico, ' or xvns it only ' Ho paused, and Katie said quickly, — ' A. ruse of mine, would you Bay, to bring you back ? No, Godfrey. I confess I xvould not liavo hesitated at suoli n ruse if it had boon suggested to mo 1 but, iu this oaso, it is the truth. Mndolino is ronlly ill !' 'Whoro is she?'"' ' Jack has tnkon her out for a drivo, but they will bo bnok in -htilf-an- hour's time. It tires her to bo oiittoo long.' .. ' Does sho know that you wrote to' mo? ' 'No!' ' ' Than why do you think ray pro- senco xvill do hor any good ?' Katio turued upon him xvith some impatience. ' Don't ask foolish questions, God frey Vnno ! Why do you think flowers like sunshine ? . Bocauso it is their nature. Why do xvomen want love ? Boonuso it is their nature too. I toll you Madeline is simply dying of lovo for you ! ' Ho started violently, then shook his bond. ' You are mistaken, Mrs. Trohorno. So far from Madelino caring for mo, sho told me xvith hor own lips that my. presence xvns so distasteful to her that nothing should ovor induce hor to live under tho same roof xvith me. That doos not look liko lovo, does it ?' Katie did not attompt to conooal hor puzzled xvonderment, but she stuck to lioij point. ' I know nothing of that. As I told yon, Mndolino lias hot tnkon mo into hor cpnfideneo xvith rognrd to tho re lations' existing betweori you nnd hor ; but I oan see as far as most people, and I tell you again slio -loves you. By- tho-w.ay, I suppose you know all about your sister's trial?' xvith an abrupt cluingo of sub joot. Godfroy's fnoo flushod a doep dark rod. ; ' Yes ; but I knoxv nothing of it until the trial waB over.. Poor Koziah !' '|Ybu suspected her guilt' from the beginning?' : ; 'Not from tho very beginning, but from the day I myself was released— tho day Keziali xvas taken out of court in' a '-'fit of hysterics! ; Something she said thon gave mo an inkling of the truth,. and later ou I xvas suro of it,' > ' ' That xvas the reason you would not let .Garliok' go ou xvith his investiga tion?':' Hp boxved nsseutingly, withput rais ing, his pyes. . . .' i You ore a brave man, Godfrey, but you aro.' ft' stupid one !' said Katie, xvith t, lie remarkable candour that occasion ally distinguished hor. ' You ' should havo been porfeotly open xvith your xvife, : and thon a good many of those complications might havo boon avoided. However, it's iio good talking of that noxv. .1 liopo ox-en yot thoro may bo timo for you to repair your error.' Jlo.soeuiod not to honr hor. His hands xx;oro elaspod on his knees, and his oyos fixod on tho floor. Interrupt ing his hostoss unceremoniously, ho said,'— . . ' ' ' la Madelino so . ill as ; you - xvould hax-o mo boliovo?' '.You shixll judge ,for yourself : pro- sontly, but I must .prepare her for your 'arrival. I dare not lot tot' se'o you too 'suddonly, . for fonr of tho shook,'.',.;:;:;; vY v'YY' Agafn,- Mrs, Treliorno;. was : inter rupted, but this timo it. xvns not by Godfrey; Tho dbor had opened while she was : spoakiug, and Madeline liorsolf stood on -mo Lurosnoia — aiaaeiiuo witlx a facp as white as maythorn blossoms, and xvith groat dark oyos full of pas sionate longing and anxiety. ' Sho had come in from her drivo onrlier than xisual, and on the hall table she had soon a hat and stick — a stick xvith a ourious silver handle, that she recognised immediately. . Without giving herself time for thought sho had oponod tho door of tho morning-room, and tlioro sho stood, wrapped iu tho rich furs that Godfrey himself had bought hor, hor txvo hands pressed convulsively across hor bosom, her breath coming nnd going with fluttoring rapidity, hor lips parted, but no xx-ord issued from thorn, Katie took in tho situation at a glanoo. A crisis had bson brought about xvithout hor intervention, and all sho could do now xvns to lot. things take thoir chauco. Sho got up, and drew Madoline a' little forward ; thon sho loft tho roodi, closing tho door after! hor. , '# #" ' For a few seconds thoy stood still, nnd faced euoli othor— thoso txvo, xvho bad knolt at. tho altar sido by side and plighted thoir troth, xvliilo lox'o had mbolcod thorn from afar. Siuco thon oceans had rollod botwoon thorn, and oach had thought nox'or to sot ; eyes on the other again. Now, onco moro, fato had brought thorn to gether for tho InBt nrao. If thoy pnrtod noxv it xvoiild be for all eternity. Godfrey snxv thnt Mrs. Trohorno had not boon docoiving him xvhon sho said his xvifo was ill ; for ho— ovon bottor than thoso xvho had boon con stantly with hor — snxv how altered sho was. And yot, novor in hor lifo had Mndolino looked more lovoly than ns sho stood thoro on tho threshold, hold by a spoil of silouco xvhioh sho had no power to break, ovon wliilo hor heart was boating ouo great ptoan of joy at onco moro beholding liim. Hoxv handsomo ho xvas, hoxv bravo, how noblo ! And to think that sho had ovor doubted him 1 ' Mndolino 1' At tho sound of his voieo uttering hor name tho spoil xvns broken, ajtd slio sprang forxvnrd and foil nt bis foot, holding up hor hands in piteous entreaty. ' Oh ! Godfrey — husband — forgivo mo, forgivo mo !' i With a strange look in his oyos, Godfrey raised hor, nnd thon. hold her at arm's length, xvliilo he gazed into her fnoo. ' Forgivo you, Mndolino ! ' ho re peated, restraining himself by a great oflort. ' What havo I to forgivo ? Tho fact that you boliovod mo guilty of tho murdor xvhon my oxvn conduct was my worst accuser ?' 'Not that — oh, novor that!' sho criod, oxcitedly. ' I knew you woro innocent of Luko Gkalmors' death !' 'You know I was innocent!' ho repeated, iu amazement. ' Why, then, did you send mo from you ?' It xvas hor turn to lookod amazed now. Did ho not know of xvhat she had ronlly suspected him ? Thon, in as few words ns possible, sho told him of Sir Biohard'a lottor. and the confirmation given to it by Earnsbaw. Solf-controllod ns lie xvas, Godfrey could not quite master bis indignant rago at tho doublo-dyed treachery of tho man. 'Tho villain !' ho muttered. 'I understand ovorytliing now, my uncle's conduct, ray disinheritance— all ! And it is him I have to thank for it.' Ho was silont for awhile, his hands still holding his wifo's arms. Then lio lookod at hor, and his faco softened. ' So thnt xvas why you sent me awny, Mndolino, becnuso you thought I xvas us bad as Earnsbaxv himself ?' Sho said nothing, but tho lovely head drooped lower nnd loxvor. A sudden pang rent Godfrey's heart as the conviotion of how fragile Bhe looked came upon him. Ho led hor to a chair, then knelt in front of hor, taking hor hands in his. ' Listen, Madolino,' ho said, in a low, tonse voice. ' I oxvo yon a con fession. It. is quite true that I wns taken captivo by Ellon Ohnlmors' beauty, and — ns much through hax-ing nothing to do as anything olso — I mado lovo to hor, and askod her to marry mo, but it was equally true that I wns vory much rolioyed xxdion sho refused to take mo at my word. My passion for hor was a fauov. an infatuation— novor lovo. It was . re served for another xvoman to touch mo tho real meaning of lovo !' Slio lifted hor bond quickly, and all the siveot, rod colour died "from hor faco. Her hands, as'thoy lay iu his, groxv suddenly , chill. Ho, bont 'down and kissod them. ' Shall I toll; you who that other woman was, Madeline ? It xvns your self— your own swoot, bravo, innocent self ! Ah, darling ! did you ronlly think I should havo boon moan enough to tako advantage of your gonorosity if I had not been tempted by some thing stronger than fonr of tho peril ous position in xvhioh I wns placed ? Evon ns it was, I folt I hnd no right to marry you ; but I had groxvn to lovo you so doarly that tho temptation xvas too strong for mo, and I said to mysolf. " She is hoartwliolo yot, and it shall bo mino to teach hor tho mean ing of lovo," and so I xvould have taught you, Madolino, if ' It wns sho who interrupted him, hor chooks nil lovoly xvith rosy blushos, her oyos luminous ns stars in the purple depths of a summer sky, her lips quivoring with emotion. 'If I had not loarnod tho lesson already, Godfrey 1' Ho lookod nt hor a moinont as if not understanding; thon his faco bocamo transfigured, and bo strained bor to liis breast with a passionate gladness, too deep to find expression in xvords. Thoy had beon married ovor twelve months, nnd this xvas the first timo their lips hnd over touohed, but, it seemed to both that all the past was redoomod in that one caress! . « if if Godfrey took his xvifo away to tho south of Eranco, nnd thoro, encom passed with devotion, surrounded by nil the luxuries that wealth could givo or lovo doviso, tho lightness camo bnok to her stop, and tbo natural healthful rod to hor oliooks. She had boon dying for tho simple reason that sho did not care to live; but now all that xvns chnngod — tho world itself xvas changed, nnd lifo glorified by tho splendour of Godfroy's lovo ! What a lifo it xvns in tho sunny south, amongst the floxvors and tho verdure, uudor nzuro slcios, by tho shore _ of tho blue Mediterranean ! Sometimes Madoline doubted xvhothor it was ronlly liorsolf — really tho little, lonely, unloved girl whom Sir Bichard Yano had mado lioiross of Doopdono ! Hor vory identity wns ohangod ; and, sometimes, xx'hon sho caught sight o f her radiant, floxvor-liko face in tho glass, sho xvould stay and look at it > xvith a soft little laugh of dolightod surpriso, xvliilo sho thought of tho xvan, pinoliod features that used to look back at hor from tho mirror nt Brnckondale, before Godfrey onmo !' ' Wo xvill stay hero all tbo xvintor 1 ' Godfrey said, ' for our honeymoon. Wo dosorvo alongor honeymoon than other people, because we-liad to post- pone it so long, and thon in the spring wo will go bnojc to Doopdono.! And so, xvhon tbo loavos woro oil young and frosk and groon, nnd Doop dono lookod its host, its now master and mistress returned — a triumphant return, involving nrchos, and banners, and floxvor-strown pathway, and bands of music, and crowds of onthusiaBtic tenants, all oagor to catoh a glimpse of tho brido and bridegroom. ' ' A handsome pair,' thoy said, proudly, ' as haudsomo n pair as you'll find in tho throe counties. If thoy'ro as good as thoir looks, xvo shall havo nothing to complain of.' And thoro, in tho liall, stood Katio and J ack Trohorno — tho latter xvith a small fluffy-haired young porson on ono of his braxvny shoulders — rondy to xvolcoino tho xvnndorors bnok to thoir homo. Katio lookod moro liko u Dresden cliinn sliophordess than evojr — except that tears of joy woro in her blue oyos, nnd tears aro woaknossos novor indulgod in by Dresden shep herdesses 1 And so wo xvill leave them with a happy future stretching boforo thom, and tho radinnco of lovo about thoir path. All tho ugly shadows are chased away. Dootor Earnshaw's dark faco is soon no more in Doopdono ; and al though up to tho pvosont, Koziah Byrne has resolutely rofusod to pny a visit to hor brother's liouso, Madolino does not despair of softening hor ancient heart noxv thnt bIio hns ceased to bo " Heiress op Deepdene ! " the end. 