? ^Tliy Did He L o v e H e r ? OHAPTEK :XXXI1 (Continued). .. ••B»! Miss Carrie, you here? but I suppose the news -of last night's escapade brought you over. I hope my patient knows nothing of the affair, lor 1 am told he, was, opposed to the marriage. I can't see why,' lor Philip Vane is an elegant and--clever J0DD£ fellow, ani.the heiress hasn't roads iucb a had choice! Poor Fontaine's mind (1S probably no clearer on-that score than on others, or he would not have opposed jar wishes." •:':'•• "I cannot agree with yon, doctor. I think the objections "of Mr. Fontaine were veil founded," she coldly replied. "I did. not come over on Savella's account, but to' remove ieola to tho Vale: I' am sorry-to uy that she has been attacked by illness, brought on, it seems, by the. scent ol th». (rah paint upon the house. Mr. Summerton gave her each. remedies as he. considered necessary, and-she is .much better; hot I shall be glad if ytoJj^gbT^^lJ^ her before you leave.' 1 '-s*j;' •• Of conree; each cases ^ue not nncpm- • non, and Isola has ,a:wiy sensitive taim- '. perament. But I mHeUfirst go inland -see how Fontaine is. It is a^melitncholy hillueinationbe labours underi andl almost, dapair of dispelling it." ' ' / " Is it even so V said Miss (Carleton, with islight shudder. "Is-there no hope for him?" ... -••;. "lean Eee none, (or there'is a ea*ue toi , the spectral illusion in this case—a fatal eiuse, which medioal skill can nevar re-. moie." Their eyes met, and both ielt that tha other knew what the dire cause was. She presently asked: "Can I not eee him! I do not wish to ipeik with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as to his condition.'^ " I can easily manage that for yon. Pass through this window, and remain in the'• library while I am with him - in his own'' apartment. I have had s curtain placed in front of the door to conceal the., person who watches near him, a? it made him. irritable to have some one. always in sight.< Yon can shelter yourself behind it and look on him while be talks with m'e." While be was speaking the doctor opened the blind and threw np the sash of the window. Ctesar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and c look of intense surprise as he recognised Miss Carlelon. She motioned jtohim to re-, main silent, and passed with:tiie, physician towards the heavy folds of damask that iwept to the floor. . Dr. Sinclair lifted themjuide andentered the large room, while Miss Carleton.with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in each i position as to enable her to look into Fontaine's apartment witbout being herself nen. " .- He was sitting with his. face turned towd ber, holding a fragment paper in his hinds, which he nervously turned from Git lo side, rolling it np and'-emoo thing. it mldtonately.as lf aDConBcioai'.oi what It m doing. The crimson .cushions of ibelirge chair on which Jte.: £ft threw Mat hit stitieEque head, with its clearly cat futures, now nearly as . colonrbss as naibte itself. His large black eyes, as tbey wandered restlessly around the room, had in them the same wild, unsettled expression they bad worn on that last morning- at the Vale; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivelred through her aching heart. When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an instant upon him, w3 then dropping hiB paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural mice: "Let m« grasp jour hand, doctor, to convince uyself that you are real. I am so blunted by phantoms that I cannot distinguieb flesh and blood from them nnlwi I touch it." " I, at all events, am a eubBtantial entity, Fontaine, and I never intend to visit tot of my friends in a ghostly shape. Have jotrfilmvfriends multiplied? At first it wu onlj one that visited you." "Yes,"he mysteriously replied; "he has taught 0tiers with him. ' Hurras the dead demon; bat be has called others to aid him iuhis work of torture. He'has brought up Binquo's ghost, with those that came to Biehird III. the night before the battle of ' Bosworth. He has even gone back into the dijs of antiquity and summoned that gob- i® grim who stood beside the conch of Brutus and said, 'Meet me at Phillippi!' ii! it was death that met him there; but D J familiar gives me no such welcome riming." " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine ? Ion have much to live for," was the soothing reply. "Much, much—yes, I comprehend that; Wit would be a mercy to me to die. •Mia wipe this red stain from my hand, If I °i«ht clasp one that could drive every evil tomaejbutit deepens, it darkenswith ' net; hoor, doctor, 0h! jnurd«rJie*lfeax: Wtrime; and be who fcomnrife it merits ~ stil - i had rather pay that ipehfllt y thaid the life to which lam doomed- 4 ' "Then you are tired of b&i;£g I dH$;-a&. 1 i • 1 JOB wish it, I will pehnil joa%S out oni daily. You need not go'be-' your own grounds." . . *«Uine slowly shook his head. "So, Sinclair; I will not make s spec- "osofnjyself to my own people. ..Besides, ' ^Phantom forbids that; he is standing een U E now, and he frowns even at the Proposal from you. "jouathem." No—these rooms shall living grave for I Trill not go' "We stall see when the spring weather •J® 8 *- It is cold now, and it is well far to Stay in doors." "Once I breasted the storm and defied wind; . now I am as agreed shaken by its "®>«t breath. Sinclair, who is behind 7*' cartain ? I feel a presence there that " * sweetness and comfort tome. Who is ^ half arose as if to approach the v°" ed door . hut the physician placed hia ^iponhis arm, and said: \ i Inend of yours is there, but she did Ultend to intrude upon you. Would it • ? to see her ? Tou are so calm to- Z." thi " k h " Viai4 not iuXm Jfoutune sank back, and in an united •"uperaaid: ^ring her in | I know-I know who it ; WMt to the WtllB, dMW it aside, and Ud.formardthe womanwho iiad • watched an'4 listened wtthh'erheart upon ber lips. Fontaine advanoed to meet her with his nsnal .stately- *leganoe, but when aha offered him hsr «sold. band. Jhe j^pidly drew heriawjard Um/.jftrtAMsrtjiag, to. . his breast .and said^ ' . -_-. • "' rouhare come totheloat' ona,"Oaitl* Ton a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ l t . i l t t ^ ' H i * . .lay the bur^en of mjf |«i jjpop. ^Wlinnpoent. heart... Pnt l caal^^otr—I couid not'^and , and now.-I am: damon-haunted, .while -my angel is faivfrom me. . Ah" j there it is how —gliding tet*eeh hrf-vrithits deadly breath —chilling me io the'heart." • ~ Sis arms clrppE<i^ doitn.-«udAeniy^anelhe ' tottered as.if aboot.'fi rfalL' Dr. Sinclair hastened to support birn -to his seat, and after afew moments he'-became'more com-' poaed. ' - Miss Carleton genUy eiked: " Is there no other one you would like to see, Mr! Fontaine ? One yon have dearly loved would : be made happy by. being-admitted'into your presenoe again." ' He regarded iiiei?rieanTJy^aiia seemed to' b'e'eonslderin^^he^eaiM^jt Jier words., • Presentiy'he preia^iua iand^to. his headand a aid.; . .... -y •' \ " Yes, yegr-J: remeinberj-i.tali^d tfcr to; iihiid; • . pot feobey ( Tpla<»- Take lsofa iW^ur-^eatt/ Ciime Carleton, and.- ahe^ vffll- prove "is great is bleBsing to^on as she might have been 'to me, bat tor "this cruel, cruel persecution, i:. cannot see ber again ; 1 her, presence is- op: presaive to me ; and—jind—now. even -yours it becoming so..- There stands the' phantom hia wrathfoHace is turiled upon you. Go away, I entreat, or lie mky gain thiB'eame diabolical power over.yon that he bias over, me." . fie put up his hand.dqireeatingly, and at • sign from the physician Miss Carleton glided from the ap artment, .carrying with herthe painful fear that Claude Fontaine's mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Uis's Carleton wrote a brief note to Mrs- Berkely, describing the condition. of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to eend over such articles of clothing as she might require during her stay!'' tftie carriage was sent.back with this:: and UtfaUe io reitiain wSthin- doors with; th"e wfei^ht upon, her heart that seemed crushing her to the earth, .Carrie Carleton vwapdered".jput'into the grounds, and.'. Goiighl 4o eiLbaust-liar' emotion by.iapjd exercise, '.-;• She spent' many- hours ia Ihis bitter struggle with herself, and 'rriort than. once, the cry came to beriipsl': .T. .. . Ob, would ihiii tbe right, was. mine to be hear him'for ev«r—lor jurerj'S.-: \- CHARIER ZSXfll.; ; •.'" \- GSWS RE6«RRAN>»0B. : . • • .I.M" : sr.: : •-• As the dinner - hour.- drftV. ne&r;,: Miss Carleton returned^ to the -;BEU»E-and .went up-to Isola's room.' • SHE FOI3ID R Ber Bitting up in bed, whilesho read GSIJJE Berkely'S letter. There was.a GLOW. ujpop.' hir..lately. colourless lace, andher ieyesjspartled with her usual animation. . ,-.'! .,:V—, MISB Carleton had jecovend --outward composure. and with her usual'-aff^ctTonate': kindness ehe aeid: \ ' . v «'."'., , " I see that jou fxi j^e^jt^fi^loyed^ •01- will .leave' yon' to ihe -f^yp&ant;,-~0f been up." \- "TES—HE came -with MR"'Snmmerton ; b'nt I was sleeping .so soundly that tbey did not arouse me. The Senoxa.IVG£ . here jnst now, and told me that HE «IU4JX, HAD; been extremely ill, but-I'am nowidoing well." • • ' "Ho approved of Mr. Summetton's treatment?" " Yes, entirely." 0 '. . ".^V This assurance satisfied HEF .iriend, AID. removed the fears ehe Jelt ip. ^G'TE of- thesolicitude of the Italian FNC/rlsola'S re- .eovery. She lingered LONG eiiough to arrange her dress, and then left the girl to lead again ths letter which contained so 1 much that waB precious to her.; ' During the monthB that'HAD- elapsed since ihe departure of George Berkely, Isola - had learned to look ohJrnn as .her future companion for life.. All his true qualities arose before her in .virid contrast of Philip, - and the warm friendship she had -cherished for George assumed the hue'OF love". 6he felt that, she could implicitly trust that -honest nature, and. give .him .that entire respect withont which; affection JAKNZ have no.fiim.J>asis. His letter-ran-.thus ; •"• St. PetiS^. •• i "My "^ NoVeinber, 15, Iff^. Beloved .Isola:—Soar. . precious letter has just reached me. ,.It^ives me the . right to address you -thus, for in it I hehold 1 the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her wings in the nest K shall be my sweetest care to prepare for herl . "My darling, I am happy^'for. L know that you would not have REPLIEDto my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendef- NFSS had not opened for- mel ' -I will prove myself worthy of it, Isola, ;and I leel the - sweet assurance that I can maVe your hap-' piness, me you will mine, in-the.fuhrre which looms belore me bathed IN'THJ ROBL^HPJS of lovel .. . _ ^ . " But l must not £11 my letter with^^io-1 testations .which yo^ do not&eed;, tb»ssure :- yon of the depth of my aSectton for'^yon. j •That,,jou jmoyj ^isvandestructible insr.iife itself.' I have become that'to^brtrait^aer-- s'Onage to the home circle ^i£"®aE leIt^ Be- " hind him-^^aTeUer^^&jgiTlani;^";;knd ' -my communications will- have ''emecial interest from a Muhtry ^Oj.little £no.wn to- ' outside barbarians,' ^.s.f^issiai iberefors I must -endeavour to maintain thevebaracter ': of an intelligent observer.''-' •"•' ' -" •" • • "I have now. been •M;'S£^>Pete'rsbBrg .several weeks, and we/HAVE R WEATHER to. \- which.onr keenest ROONN^INJIREEJIFLIS comparative SUMMER.' - : ,••:••.'-.-•- * "Our amhftHRador has/beerrjeceived.by - the Emperor,-' and :,HI£-'subordinates have, • with him, attended a cbart BILH- R There I had the hoinour. of AN^introduction LO ihe . the grandest looking MAN I HA^EVER- seen. ; '" Nicholas is a magnificent man, and courteous as he is handsome. IHeJwas'iiir- • rounded by a brilliaut-gtfoupMsifficers- who---' had dlstmsuished' themssMsZtn iiB' per- ' ••;. . * -:<t7 \ Among them -w^ss^a^^-Jooking man, who attracted me from the. -first • v ment my eyes 4ell .on rhim. -' I cannot >teHwhy this was,'for he waaAot>.n»re:£trihmgi»i in' his appearance -than many (others near him He was a midate=&gea; tnan,-^rith hfflr sprinkled'.with and tW .je^res^idn jof one who hasjaulfered wrpng, Jmrdship^ and, disappointment r °t JwMl&i; -merged in the philosophic ^etenainationia make the most of .whatHeayen^puejlfi^m^ Ihe wreaked "topes be iad ^rft acattered, npon bis life-path.-. . Ml I inguirad who Jie was, and learned that he Is an Italiannf the name of Fontani, who lor many'yeais bait -Keen in the employment of the Emperor as an engineer. Hie semoes baye been' rewarded with, the title of S^ron and-a large estate near Mos- • Oow ; »niihe decorations 4ie wore bore wit- .. n«Bsto tne trimliph6 , he - , lHL6 gained: But \- he aooii riotired"'froii" ihif^ay scene; in . which he.onlj.B^pepr^iati^econunslbd of hia master. " It wonld £11 up my letter'to describe to you the magnificence of the scene on this oocasion. Imagine Aladdin 's palace illuminated with radiance, and£lled with a crowd of lovely and richly-dressed women, at- 1 tended by oavaliers in brilliant court costume. "It was late when we-made our co'ngfe; in my eleigh was Charles Brinsley, my fel- ' low attache, and myself; the night was enchanting ; the moon W#B shining with a lustre that rendered every-object vieible, and we cped over the snbw-eiad'eartb with Hie velocity of the 'wind.' Ai a sudden turning, our sleigh .dome".in. contact;.with another approaching'froiB theopposite -disectioni- /Fhe^collision' wa« c& violbnt -ihat f^tman- , , . Mei^i^tfSJiid'-iefeh' par- wbioii'T; i mucb, ad-. ' d i e t e d . - : • ^ >•- ';.'. A gentleman attempted to spring out, but caught hia foot in thW leopard Bkin with which the sleigh wis lined, and .fell in such B position as so be in danger of having bis braineiaahed<)iit by 1 the horsB£. I sprang , to his assistance,' seized the reins, and sue- . ceeded in holding; them in till Brinsley and . the driver could -come to my assistance. "Thecheck enabled the• prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himself . from his perUouB position. "He spoke 'to \- the horses,.and they stood docile and obedient to his. voice. He thanked us^for cur . efforts to serve him,.and insisted that we should accept seats in. his vehicle since ours was disabled.. He.said: -. "'- I-am Baron Fontani, and I am on my . way to the'palace' to' lay before-.the Em peror some despatches whichTiave just arrived; but.I pledge^myself/hot.to detain yon many moipents^^nd J will then set you down at.yoiir own hotel. " Of course -we "-accepted- his. offer; and . taking the reins ~ i n ^ o w n band?," the. \- Baron bade his' driver remain with burs and aid him in «verjr possible manner. . '.'After a brief .-interview with the Czar, he returned to us, and sbon ; set ns down at onr own- dooV. "'On 'parting; from me he gave me his.card,roji^reqiiested.rne to call on him on the lollouing day> I, of course, availed myself of his invitationto visit him. "At as early ahlioilr as I hoped"to find . him free to receitfe friendjy pklls. i yrent to hia palace. He met iu,e with his .kindness; was pleased.to exaggerate tbe.eervice I had rendered him; and shoKed-as much interest in my affairs as if Eajbad befenja~ friend dt longstanding. ' :'.,,'.' 1 4 The Baron informed me that -in. his youth he had trawelied • in the United States. Many ^iortidHs of thb <»pntfy in; ttreSted him deeply; VsjfSfcTally the^monntuh Bceiieij of piy cativ^ ^ateij> ^.th .wbicli \- seemed familiar,-; :ge (Bbow:ied me • Jeff- *«ra3n'sKobes on -Vu^tnia'IiaEth^'JibraiyV •j Baffl'^cqror^ilil'^^^^ jish, -though at -£rst.-bie repoke to- me-in -French.- .-' " r •••• •• ; :: >i - \- : J «He ahowed me seveiW"AitehBs| wlHcb 'he eaid.he had purchased&oin.ia; wandcxing artist; and among them I^-fonnd a- picture of the Tale, and another - of lia - Fontaine. He pointed to tbe latter. ind said: "' I was induced to take that because tbe name is so nearly my, own., .Do-yoalmow of such a place in your native State ?' ' "I told him all about tht place and the connection between its'-owner, and.'.my family. I cannot describe' to you the- interest with which be listened. -He inquiredabout Mr. Fontaine—hit habits-; his pecHilarities; and when I had finished my de- ' scription,'be said: "' From yonr account of him, one would think this man a king among his peers. How is it that, he has never married ?" '! I. could -not explain that, but I referred to constitntional-'melanpholy (as the-probable cause. and quickly asked:" ..'... .. He seemral'£trucfe : witb'that, It seems to-me thafc-tbet.owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, and surrounded, as you say he.is,.by. kind and steadfast friends, •••is there.no other cause for l^at- sadnesB? should be able to rid himself of -the morbid- N 'taint in his blood to.which you refer.' "*He had much td'sadden his youth,' I told him; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad •story about Henry Fontaine. finished, he said; • When I had ••If your friend was- guiltless in that afiair, why should he cherish the feelings you have described.? I.am afraid there is a 1 dark stain on the ermine of -his robe, spotless as you would/have mebelieve-it.' ' ."Forgive me, Isola," for "treating his Woids to you; for we knpw hpW p(iref how noble Mr. Fontaine iis^jio w faz i ,abovp ;any teiqptatioir ito crime,;*nd- eugh -erime as iods^'vv.; :< "-»a-.-,•; . .-v-^i.-i' ,» . thts idea • botiiiiae ^bown:dhei»ttre6t. h». Henry Foptauif's fate ,£eyn£_fo ppssess'/as, strong an attractionjlor.him .apit could for the nearest friend of your.fatber; .. " rhave not yet told hiin of you. • I do ' not know what feeling withheld me •' but' I am a jealous miser; who hoards his happihes^ in hb own heart'lis "tooT- sacred to be shaj-e'd'by others;tor in 'ttt's I edi"npt' expansive enoujgh to make. the -idol whose < shrine is in my inmost heart .visible to those around me. To the - working-dBy-'world' I .'give my energies; to you, -ihe consecrated' dreaqsof love and hope. " I haye a miniature: of-you which-I -pilfered from .Sannyv: and in mj-solitaiy ' -'hours it 'is anyV'«onstant companion- I • yearn to return to yon; to claim you as' my "own tor ever, but my Iriendfi Would.-not" ap-, prove of itjjust now; BO.X.mufi cjirb my . impatience, and jjrove; myself- •wortby-of . the happmess that awaits me. Adieu, my precious love; let-yonr heart - rest on me in perlecr trust, for in life'find Heath l am yours atone." 1 -••.GEOSCE BEBKELT " ^ _ Isola fdlded her letter, and laid it npon : her pillow, wzth^.a .sweet smile upon- her lips. Shs-felt that. her. haven of :i^st: was i almost ^ainBd; .that. 43eorge. -would take bar to hisHobleheart ahd 6hield the aUinnsbf life. ^ • -ber-'from There was njow but bne shadow on her path ;-tbe sad condition of'ber beloved protector; but she cherished the hope that in time be .would be restored te ber, vigorous in mind and.strong in health, as before this strange attack "af illness. Again she fell 'into that' b'ilm^ sleep which brings healing on its wings. Summerton "had .-given her somBire'^bvating drops, which seemed to aet as ; a veritable elixir on her exhausted system, and with every passing hbur she felt-Its reviving influence. 'So rapidly"*had they counteracted tbe effect of the poison she had taken that, when Dr. Sinclair came up to see her, be "had not been able to detect any traces of tbe deadly potion she had swallowed. He \- had accepted Siimmerton's account of the cause of .her illness as' the truth, and as* \- sured him that hfe bad done everything that the most competebt skill could have accomplished. ' ' ' ' . '' The sdi-diftanl cje'rgyman accepted the physician's coidplimeriW. with an .air of modest deprfieStityi ; !he"; declared that hjs practical khowledge ^ijmijdicine was trifling, but his skill'as a cjjeijiist yeas great ;, that he understoodJ^ie T^pqiposUion ol every de- V l^erious. "'»ge^t;,5!»bi?b -/Mold • -enter. the human>fra!newt4^fora.;-b«- eoUld readily" i'the.iantiiete todhe subtle 'poisona. ' fwhich; ,are ^ttt9BBiiiB| inKaled witti tiie? %ieafe-6Hife..r ' . - ' - ' * 'With a high Opinion ofhis abilities,. Pt. Sinclair recommended Fontaine te bis'constant care during bis o.wn absence, and departed, glad to leave so able a coadjutor to look after his patient. -" ' CHAPTEE XXXIV. THE SCHEMERS AT WOBK. A messenger had been despatched to Dunlora to inquire .concerning Philip and the missing heiress, and when tbey were expected to return. As be was about to rise from the dinner-table, a letter from Mr. Vane, addressed to Summerton, was brought in. He hastily opened-it, and read' the-following lines: " ME. SCINIEHTON — Sir,—I have the • honour to inform you tbat your inference with regard to Miss Fontaine is correct. She left her home uncjer the .-protection ".of my son, and by the tiiie this reaches yon. she will doubtless be "his wife. Tbey "will : come to Dunlora'on.their return, as at present.I fear La Fontaine wonld be too warm -.a place for them lo find themselves comfortable in, although it is winter weather. However, I hope, this event will not long . cause you t-o think,- with the immortal bard,' This is the winter of my discontent,* for I assure both yourself and the respected aunt of my daughter in-law tbat my son will prove to you both as good a friend as you have everpossessed. " lour course is evidently to submit gracefully to what you no longer can prevent, and to'make things smooth and harmonious for the advent of Philip among you as the future master of La Fontaine. With profound respect, I am yours to command, JOHN YANK." This pompous and offensive effusion was' ..read by Summerton in silence, and then . handed over to SenOraJloselli.- She glanced' over.it,--and.tfcec,-with flushed cheeks and' \- flashingieyes,' read it. aloud •io- : Miss Carie- *on',.cbmmBnti Bg npon ltia she - pWcefedfed. " She finaUy said, with aliyBtericallaugh: . " Tou eee for yourself how much forbearance Mr. Fontaine'has •: to ' -e^ect; ior -Biis .master here.' -1 suppose it is his intention Tto rule UB all xight rojally/iinS we are <BXpecteU to how submissively" before the au- Hj'ority 1 of the yotng " sulltoi 'Savella baa been'fool enough to "make, the ruler ot her . fate." • - • • * • "This letter is certainly, not that of a well-bred man, though I have hitherto regarded Mr. Vane as such," said Miss Carleton. " But you have - one consolation, madam: if Philip proves a disagreeable inmate, you can leave the house, which he will probably look on as his own, till Mr. Fontaine is again in a. condition to assert his own authority." . " Thai I will never do.!?' she said, almost rudely. " Tbis is my home/ and I have at least as good a right to ifas"ithat handsome popinjay. I have .had'tfie' ekre of Savella from ber infancy, and. she shall npt now cast me off, even if she wrought on to consider me a burden. I.don't intend-to be thrust aside, I can tell yob that:"' " Of course you - understand' your own affairs best," said Mifes 'Carleton, rising. " I do not presume to give'fed vice to one so competent to take care of herself as you. are. I will now go. np to Isola," and" she - left the room. ... The. Senora and Summerton went together into the sitting-room, which they now had entirely to themselves; but when together, they never spolce 'in English; if anything was accidentally overheard by the servants, that domestic police, which is always on the ..alert, they could understand nothing. Perhaps • that' was one cause of the' intense diggust felt by the house servants toward the''"furrin trash," as they called them when speaking among themselveis,'though from ibis sweeping con-, demnation they excepted... their master?s niece. Sfo was a Fontaine, and, of . course, she must be vastly superior te tbe " S'nory and dat Sum'tan,"as thi two were called by the negroes on tHe ,plaa'f£tioiu : t Summerton closed Aie dooir <iarefully, and ourtly askedi . .. ; j "Have you decided^ to take/my advice? Does "not this absord ^etter 'clearly .show . you what" e>V the. r .:e*p£Ctati^s . of those. ,peqple ? I. -shouldn't-Tvopdeif-if*. old Vane and his silly wife were rlookiirgr forward' to' establishing themselvestitrt permanently:" "There iB no danger"oT'ffiM,' and I will soon give Pbilip Vane to firiSerstand tbat if he is nominally master jhere, .'I-am really mistress. When he revolts, it will then be time enough to drjve.the goad into him. At first he may have some scruples as to carrying out nur plans, but after enjoying the sWeets of possession a short time, I mistake him greatly if he will not concede to any terms that will, enable 'him to retain the wealth for which he has sold himself." Then you vill reoeive them with courtesy? Touwill not 'fly like'a tigtess at Savella'when she' returns -with' her' handsome purchase ""• So; that would be folly now- - Wemnst - tolerate the airs of the ney prince- till we have him m onr- power* :«nd<t£avella - may have her swing for * -few? weeks—perhaps longer;but if she abuses her liberty—if she. Lady: " I wish you -ebuld-oaU-at the office of Mr. Olanch, contrive to have some conversation with the venerable gentleman, and so .far.as you are able jexamine into his ' physical condition. "I desire to -know how "long-he is likely to live." - Physician • *- Cer-. tainly. Are you his wife lifL^y': "Ho" bat I have m ohanoe to turns a cold shoulder to me, £ will summarily put her down. You will, see." " He shrugged his. shoulder. " Yes, I shall see a regular set-to between you, for Savella has too much of your temper-for hef good: However, I shall be by to make peace, and dictate conditions which shall be for our benefit you may be sure; far now our interests are at war with hers." . "Oh 3if we could only have -kept her free till Fontaine was out of tbe way," she said in a tpne of suppressed rage. " Then we could have turned tbe estate into money ; have gone back to Italy, and lived in splendour; but this selfish and ungrateful girl has overturned all'"our plans." " We may be able to accomplish that yet. Leave Vane to me; I shall manage him without .much trouble-. He can do what we dared not attempt. I will make him sue the eBtate.for arrears, and grasp the whole, -from which he shall pay us what, i may choose to demand for keeping back what would ruin him- Ibegin to'see that, after all, it fsn^jso £ad a .thing for us that. Savella has tak«n her fate into her own -hands. '-He is^apoor-schemer who cannot turn ereiy ^bance to his own advantage." ;"" If you inake i.n>Jhirig out of ihis^malapropos elopement, yon frill prove yourseli a modern Machiavel," she spitefully re- plied. " Savella is not so near to you afi -she is to me, or you would not so coolly make up your mind to the fate she has chosen for herself." " Perhaps not," he indifferently replied. " Yet, I think, a little reflection will teach you that I have done more to advance her interest than you, or any one else. Since this marriage has taken place we fcnust n; concile ourselves to it as well as we may. There are other means of influencing people besides fear, and if we can gain our ends without a family quarrel it will be best on many accounts." The "Senora reluctantly acquiesced in this sensible view of the case, and after some further consultation, Summerton sat down and wrote the following reply to Mr. 'Vane, while the Senora retired to her own room for the purpose of inditing an epistle to her runaway niece. Sm,—Your letter has been received, and I write to assure you tbat no obstacle will be thrown in the way of Savella's return to the home which is rightfully lier own. Influenced by the opposition of Mr. Fontaine to the union of his niece to your son, Senora Boselli and myself did everytli ing in onr power to prevent the marriage which has taken place in so disgracefully clandes tine -a manner. "If we had known how irrevocable was tbe determination of Savella to become the wife of Mr. .Philip Vane,, we would have eonsented "to her iinion with her lover, an avoided 'incurring-'the scandal wbicb she has brought upon herself, and all connected with her, by the'course she has pursued. " Of course,' botti' ber aunt and myself feel tbis keenly, for we .only-endeavoured to , perform our duty by preventing Savella from disobeying the-express, commands of her nncle. .She has.baffled us. Mr. Fontaine is-in no condition to oppose the reeeption. ot.'the youn£ people here, and through you%e -tender -them an invitation t. 'Ibeir arrival at Dunlora as may be agreeable to themselves. ' "Family jars are .best. cemented as soon . aB possible, and to yourrson personally we can have no objection.' He is a very elegant and attractive young man, and I trust that he and Savella will find that happiness in their precipitate marriage which I, her spiritual' guardian and -best friend, daily pray the Giver of aU good to shower down upon her. . "Respectfully yours, , "THOJUS SCMMEETOK. With this hypocrites! effusion, Senora Boselli Bent one, which rap thus:. " Come back 'to me, 'Savella,: for my ' heart is half broken by your desertion. the intercession of Mr. Summerton I have forgiven you, and joa can return with your husband to La Fontaine without dreading ' reproaches 'from. me. It is now too late to utter them, and I feel that perhaps I have already indulged myself in too many " You know, Savella, "that my affection for you most lead me to forgive everything; that I can even embrace the object of your choice, much is I. have hitherto opposed this marriage.' Say to Mr. Vane that I oan pardon him for taking you from me, if he will only make you happy. " Your affectionate, though deeply afflicted aunt, At "BIAXCA BOSELLI.'" These letters were intended to be sent ' at once to Dunlora, bntm a fit of absentmindedness, Summerton dropped tbem into tbe post- bag," . and . they were taken to Lynchburg, mailed- there, and after the lapse of several days ; reached those for whom they were intended. . Savella, in. her.; new happiness, gave . little thought to those she had left behind her. - She was not troubled with sentiment, and if the# im^,tmage-flf.her aunt intruded, she cGfimisced-it with the thought that, she need,; give -Jhers^if no further trouble cbncOT\ntj.li€tJ;f(£ with fehilip .to .protect heiv wealth at.ier Own -command, she could.-surely,Tid^ereelf of this incubus upon her life. ' . ". .. In truth, Savalla was' heartily weary of the subjugation in " which she had been held from her earliest recollection, and the most clearly defined wish of her heart waB to emancipate herself entirely from the control of both- the' Senora and Summerton ; for since he assumed the office of her tutor, he had.tyrannised .over her nearly as' much as ber rdative. Philip waited with some, anxiety for an invitation to La Fontaine. ;.Without. it he could not well enter the place as master and establish' hjiMelf.-as he fnlly intended, at his ease- . Since, he had sold himself for a mess of pottage, he was resolute tbat it should be rendered ta him to the last .crumb, and he greedily^iBteued to Savella when she spoke" oj the accumulated debt which Summerton had assured her was justly due to herfitom'lrfeVhn.cle. Philip already .knew as much from the lips of Fontaine himself, and be mentally calculated how large a sum . wonld be ne-. cessary to maintuiv- the master he was about to dispossess in a private mad-house. He intended to inaugurate a Btyle of hospitality at La Fontaine fax more magnificent than anything hitherto, known in the valley, and the presence ot a"n insane" man would be too great a..drawback 'on his pleasure to be toleiiate^ a day longer. thah he possessed the power~to rid^ivmselfiof it • > As the beBtower of'all thiehe felt grate-' ful te Savella, and his apparent devotion rendered ber the happiest of mortals. Philip; her best-beloved, her king, was everything to her, and, his parents' congratulated eaoh other that her blind devotion to their son would induce her to yield the entire control ot her fortune to'him. Card(j. had been sent out for a reception at Dunlora before the return of the bridal pair; and Mrs: Vane bad taken- precaution to order a dress for Savella suitable to the occasion. She appeared in wbite lace over satin, adorned with the same pearls her mother-in-law had once designed as a gift to Isola. Invitations were sent to La Fontaine and the Vale; but from neither house .oame a token that they had been received. All the other families of note in the valley thronged to Dunlora on the appointed evening. and jthe.jeewly 'wedded pair might hay* been oonsoled fpr. the neglect of their nearest Iriepds by the congratulations and compliments lavished upon them. With the halo of -her new. happiness ^ around her, ^Savella Jpokfed almpjrt rSiiant, and Philip tfonld never be. leBs/than preeminentih^'raceand'beantyovkr eve^ one • brongh'y n^'cbjnpariBdn wiQ^hSn^^ tie', was parte^Trppi thejfeast erfisfied that the nratoli .was a :most ^oitablfe . one, .and. conld not . fail to prove fortunate.* - - - The next morning Pbilip Baid to his wife t "I suppose "the people at La Fontaine mean to put Waltogether. Bather a cool proceeding on their part, considering tbe .position they hold as dependents opon ns; eh, Savolla?" She laughed AB she replied: " It's lucky that my aunt did not hear you say that, caro mio. She would have been tempted to fly at you, and shake you, and pull your hair, as she used to do with me, till I grew strong enough to fight my own battles." Philip *was fastidious, and he regarded tbe speaker with a horrified expression. " Savella ! ybu 'cannot be in earnest. You have never really loiight with your aunt 1" , "Of'pourse J have ; would'you have had me to'submit, tcehe. buffeted at her will when I had fingers and nails,-with strength enough to use 'tbem ? But you need" hot look so—so I scarcely know' how ; "for she has treated me with more respect since I have been declarod an"heiress. Of late, she has only lashed me with ber tongue, but that has all the venom of a scorpion." "My poor girl," be tenderly:said, "I must try to makeup to you the-bad treatment you have rso. long-borne, by "being doubly tender to youl. JBut if your aunt is such a female fury. bow am I to get along with her? I wilNie^er bear her taunts to you, if she attempts to utter them, now you are my wife ;nor will I submit to be scolded by her myself.". ^ "You may as well prepare, yourself for the infiictiod," fbr you will have to bear it, Philip.' "And.what I "can iE-th-at^cay s^esthafobe angel remedy—" . "Get ridof her.' .^Ses—Bend both'her and Mr. Sammerton Aack to EOrope, for"I"?h'all never feelthat I-isS¥4aHy iny own mistress | till tbey are gonft.JIJ . : " ' ' ,j " My.dearest you. .give ^me new : life!" wis .the delighted response. have thought of ttSk,.hot I did not beiieve you would iwnsent-td-it.;. The. Senora has" so long had the chargf ofyouthat I feared you would be unwilling to part with her." • "Before!knewand,loved you, perhaps I might have been, but' you suffice to me now, Philip. My aunt wishes to return to her own country; she had some abBurd vision of taking me there to marry me to a nobleman, but I have found my prince here, and I wish him to reign over my heritage witbout being interfered with by others. Give them enough to live on comfortably in Italy, and. both she and Mr. Summerton will gladly go back again." i " I will provide liberally for your aunt," but it seems, to rn* that "the tutor has no claim on you beyond the "payment of the ' salary agreed on between himself and JUr. ' Fontaine for teaching you'what I fancy you Beldom learned;' 1 • " His office of late has been rather a sinecure, but that was not as much his fault as mine. I was tired of lessons, and I evaded them whenever 1 had an excuse to do so. I don't understand the bond between tbe two, • but I warn you tbat if you expect to deai effectively with Senora Soselli, you must include Mr. Summerton in tbe bargain." " I had no idea that your aunt was so pious as to require tbe service of a domestic chaplain," replied Pbilip, with a scarcely repressed sneer. " I will feel my ground, ' and if it proves "indispensable to pension him too, I suppose I must do it to get you all.to myself, my precious wife." Am I really precious to you, Philip? Do you love me as the one desire of your heart, even as I do you ?' Sometimes I am afraid that the very excess of my love may cool yours." " If it does,,jSayelhi, I should prove myself the most ungrateful of men. My dear girl, I owe you too-much ever to underrate you, I assute you." - : " Don't speak of 'deSt to me, Philip, 'I wm have nothing-like bargain aid'trade jn so divine'a;thing ai^jve. Ours -is a thing apart from, "worldlj^considerationsi and I will not have you taik of wealth I can bestow on you Jn that style. What IB mine is yours to do with as you please." You are the Rarest and most disinterested crek'tnre irr^he world,'"'"said Philij>, with enthusiapofc and Savella raisedher love-lit eyes to his with an expression of perfect trust tbat touched him, and.inade him think that he would endeavour to be all to her that she so confidingly expected. He presently recurred to the topic with which the conversation had opened. " I cannot understand ihe tactics of the Senora. I begin to think I bad better ride over to La Fontaine and see bow things.are going-on myself." •': . "I do not wish you to do tbat, for if my aunt is not prepared- to receive you as my husband she might .give you a specimen of her .temper that -would.-not prepossess yon' in her favour* MTI" Summerten has. 'grektinfloenoe with herj and tie has judgmentenough to comprehend tbat their authority ever me is at an. egd. -They, both know very well that without your oonseat they cannot maintain ttifii; position at La Fontaine, and if you--give tbepi time to get over their first wrath, they will do what is right. I am very happy here; happier than I have ever been .before in my life if Dunlora is not as grand a plaoe as my unole's, it is to me. -a. far; more 'agreeable - : one."* While she was. speaking,* servant came in bringing an open letter, with a message from Mr. Vane. Beside it, on the waiter, - lay a second one, addressed to Savella, in the superscription oi which she recognised the writing of her aunt. (To be ooritinutd.) 