-—T— — - « HHj Anglican. — 4th -Sunday after Trinity, July 10. Hojy Trinity — ln.itting at - U ; evensong at 7 30. ; Red Range at 3— Ruv; A. W. King. Weslk\o\\.v.— Divine service. will be conducted on Sunday next as follows Gleq Innes a.t 1 1 and 7-30, Gh-nuoe at 2.30— Rev. \\\ . Q. Willard j Beaufort (Mr, Wesley's) at 3— Mr. T. fl. Rule. Prayer meeting every Monday at 7-30 \ choir p.ractice on- Frjday at 7..Tj, " . T: r / - P-uESBYTEKiAN.— The Rev. R. Kay will preach ' next Salilmtb at Glen Innes at. 11 and 7.30, and at Mr. M'Killop's at 3. United prayer meeting on Wednesday at 7- 30 I choir practice oa> Friday at 7.3,0. Lautern lecture at Mr. JR. Wo.o.cl's residence, Blair Hill, on Thursday at 7 p. in. Sustentation £.. .. .3 n.i n 4- a tha pa«f a pum. iuiiu uu.ubitig uu r i iuu j uu t3c x uv- eron will preach next Sabbath at Waterloo at 3. ;/: PkouibT£o-— Las L week at the Police; Gouvt.a prohibition was issued against all publicans and other persons licensed to, sell liquor, forbidding them to. supply Frederick Daubuey /with liquor for a period of 12 months, on. the ground that by the, nvnnoctvn n F l?nitrM» ho W'»C lltftlvTrtimnfllP .\vv.ooij » v u« ui>v'o « Y 'XsV. '.'.r J, ii.is health. Wages. — Oil Tuesday last. Albert Davis sought! to obtain £2T3sr from Pinky M'liihea fob wages,; The case .wa? dismissed.. : ; Minerai,. axdigow Leases. Jt is notified tjj.at four mineral leases appliad for by T. A. Bennett, situated at Phesa'nt Creek,- and four lease? applied for by J. Moses and party at Bullock Gully, were approved. The following gold leases will bode-.; clared void, and inay he re- taken at 2.30 this after-, noon W. R. Greeuai'd and aU-0.ther, Nos. 121 andi 155 at- Bear Hill.- " Qaci.opATi.ON; LlCEX3E&. At the local Lands, office oil Friday 10' occupation licenses, situated on tha Eastern fall and containing ail area' of 424,460 . acres, at upset prices ranging from £2 to 20s. per- section of 6.40 acres, were offered at auctiou. There being no bidders, all the lots were passed. Messrs, ;N. M 'Lean (Broadmeadows), H. A. Smith (Cheviot . H ills), and T. Keating were present, but considered : the upset prices were too high.' " Girople-Girofla." — Qn Thursday nrght, con- ' formably to advertisement, in the Town Hall, the Princess Opera Company- staged the sparkling little operetta bouffe, " Girofle-Girofia," to a full house. The piece throughout is rife with catchy airs, and! was. much appreciated. It is to be hope'd the. i Princess Company will meet no check in the well-de- i served triumphal progress they are making thro.ugs The Glen Innes Ghost. — An individual who | has slept in the rcputedly-liaunted house since' the' ialariuiug reports were published that -we referred to a few issues back, declares that it has lieeu hut sham ghost after all. wyiiuruber of pigeons, he |avers, ate wont to. roost wlii the house, and their flat-footed walk in the quiet hours, of night- alarms | the nervous. .In regard to the "fair man" who dis appeared from the view of. one ghost-seer, and the S" death ;Cold breath ' that another says he felt ;j|'froui the mau .at the door,", the watcher knows Slothing, temporaries, the Tentcrficld Altanand Record,, have amalgai.u.a.ted, under the name' of the' fdrnier. We congratulate the joiut proprietors" (Messrs.' Hannay and M'Kerihan) on producing a very presentable journal as the' result of the union: : The Tentorfivld Star is issued bi-weekly, "and the literary merit is the mean between that of the two journals in question. Deemixg's Canary.— A; canary bird, it may be remembered, during the trial of the most depraved criminal of the century (Deeming, alias Williams), was very much, to tle fore. ; It. is said that the little creature had beeu taught by Doeming to hop out of its cage and. back again, The poor little bird performed this trick ouce too often. A big price was offered by the Waxworks, so it is said, for it. A cat was watching for the'pretty hop out of the bird froui its cage ; it seized and ate it up. The cat that ate the canary is now supposed to be of .value, but ere now the Waxworks should have -the tragedy of the- death of the bird complete— cat, canary, and all. ' : ... ' K Company Rifle Clur. — The June monthly shooting of tins ciu,l> was concluded an Wednesday last, the following being the prize-winners . . : 58© yds 600 yds; H'cap. Tl. Capt. Fitzhardinge ; 32. 24 . sc." .>..06 Pte. Carmichael.... IS 17 25.,. .55 Lieutenant Scott... .24 .20 . . 10; .. 54 ; Private Wirth...... .22 22 '. ; , 52 Pte. Wilson 19 21 10" . -50 Corporal Bull: 24 ,21 ,, 5 .1 50 Stock Movements. —Since last report these have been 3 rams from Glcngallan (Qd.)' to Sydney, Marshall anil.Slade, owners ; 52 mixed cattle from Rendemeer to! Belville, Red Range, (J. Carvell, owner ; 8 cows from Queensland to Stouehcnge, G. M: Simpson, owner ; 150 fat bullocks from Mary- vale (Qd.),_ to Tenterfield Meat Works; 92 ewes and ranis from Cliirevaulx to Glen Lyon, R. N. Green, o\viie.r:'; .nOZ-fat wcther?.:from Glen Innes to Aberdeen Freezing" Works ;1500 "fat wethers from Bannocklmrn to Aberdeen, -Freezing .Works ; 3830 store wethers from. M. id bin' to Cope's Creek, T. H Cooper, owner ; 500 fat" crossbred wctl|ers. fyom Glengallau (Qd.) to Aberdeen Freezing' AVbrffs.? pays . — The police have been searchi))g tiie vicinity"' fwhere a couple of blackfellows were seen on the 'Tynedale ranges armed; but si' far have discovered nothing to warrant anything lieyond a slight suspi cionjthat the darkies are i(lMitical with the Dora murderers Rumors and . ejn : telegrams of the most- sensational nature have been freely sent abroad, but investigatiou proves these. reports to be groundless, and . founded, only on imagination. , Those who are in the best position to judge are ex- i tremely doubtful if the, lilacks seen are. the Doras, J ami it Jsver umlikcl v .that they are. The Distkesseg' IldiMPLo y'-Mr. George Stevenson has received £1 from Mrs. Gum, for re lief of distressed in Sydney, which he is -forward ing with his own contribution of a similar amount. Railway Conference.- — On Thursday a con ference will be held at Inverell to discuss- matters pertaining to the projected Glen . Iiincs-Inverell Railway. At a meeting of tile Executive Com mittee ou Wednesday afternoon Messrs. JV F. Utz and Christopher Legh were appointed delegates to represent Glen Innes. Clarence River 'T. C. Racks. — This meetiug is set down to lie held on Wednesday aiul Thursday, July 13th and 14th, and appearances indicate that the re-union will be the most successful held under the auspices of the club for some time. Mr. H. C. St. Vincent would seem, to have been very, happy in apportioning the. weights in (be two chief events, for when the acceptances were declared on Friday afternoou it was found that tlie witlulrawals were fe>v in ; number, and ; these, with the exception of CI5 (who met with an accident) and Sirius, belong to the moderate division. - Out of , 44 horses handi capped 31 are left in C.li.J.C. aud City. Handicaps, so, that good fields may he, expected to. face'tho' starter foj each race. The names of the acceptors are, in the first in"utioned; event— Tridentine, Bris bane, Magician, Thornback, Cymbal, Romola, Terence, Beta, Frcctrade, Findou, Waterloo, Riiialdo, Sanhedrim ; City Handicap — Tridentine, Brisbane, Magician, Thornback, Cymbal, Romola, Terence, "Beta, Fiiiilon, Sailor, Waterloo, Kathleen, Review,' Riiialdo, Eratu,- (lletiuie, Alba, Ti'auia. The nominations for Vke Grafton Handicap are— (ilennie, Review, Jester, Turner's Kathleen, Sailor, Rataplan, , CB, M'Gregur's Katlilceii, (/yinbal, Erato, \\\ lid Duck. It will ho seen by our business columns that a special fourrhorse coach will leave Tattersalls Hotel on Friday morning, conveying 1 passengers to the Grafton races. Bear Hi£l Cottage Hospital,— " Department of Lands, Sydney, J une 28, 1892. Sir,— I -have the 'honor to- inform you that your letter of -the 24th instant (forwarding a letter from the hon. sec, re'tary Bear Hill Cottage Hospital, asking for a site for a Cotta'ge Hospital at that place), has been re ferred to the District Surveyor at Armidale for re- port. I am, &c.;, W- Houston, Under-Secretary. To Mr. F- A- Wright, M.L.A." The Railway CoMMiiiH.oNEKS.— 0.u Wedueday last Messrs. Eddy .and Oliver, accompauied by I other railway officials, arrived at Glen Inues by j special train eu route to the boi-der. The Mayor Kiutcrvicwcd the Commissioners in regard to certaiu j. matters of -local interest.- .'Mr.; Healey, in the first j place, drew. the attention of the Chief Commissioner. , i to the desirability of constructing an over- bridge ! or level crossing over the line at the extremity of . j'-Bourke- street. -M r.-Edily- replied -that.. he _dicLnot ; see his way to granting this request, because, said j lie, " you arc also asking for a branch railway that i would; strike, the existing line at-or near the . spot in question.;-' If thisfwas constructed, all the room available would be required, and consequently the authorities could not think of hampering the place ..yith-, any crossing." , The.. M a3,U.lt_theii_Jjiquired whether the arrival and departure of trains could not he so arranged as to give an extension of time at Glen Inues, to enable' passengers to enjoy re freshments in the refreshmcnt-room,.,'\vitli some- degree of comfort. Mr. Eddy, in reply, :s«id that- this would not be possible, owiug to the facttliat time for the maintenance of the regular traffic of trains was so. limited, and also owing to existing arrangements lit Armidale. The interview be tween the Mayor and Mr. Eddy, it will -be semi, led to no amelioration in regard- to the; matters urged by Mr H ealey, but the Chief Commissioner's remark aiieut the branch line was noteworthy. The Widow of J. Morton.— -The public meeting convened by Mr. J. Healey at the Council room ou Wednesday evening; was well attended.-. The con vener explained that-the object was to consider the most efficacious means of assisting the widow, and family of John Morton reeehtly, deceased, who were, in straitened circnmsl.ahces. Mi-. G. Stevenson was. .asked to undertake the duties of. secretary to the proposed uudertiiking, but declined owing; to. stress of work in; coimectiuii with charities. - Mr. J. Marshall then was elected secretary, Mr. Patrick Dtinnliu tri-nsni-Hr, aiul it.waa resolved that these gentieinen, in conjunction with Mr. Healey, should aet as an executive connnitttee for the expenditure ot the money that would be collected for the object in view. A.stibscription Jist then was opened, .and tb.e sum of £12 12s. 6d. was promised in the room. The secretary was instructed to forward lists and explanatory letters to those in the town and dis- , trict -who he thought. Ayould,.be likely to ussist,iuv ! tliDcaustr.) ...v - " k-;- I Nj kru"MciPALvW6RKS:--There can be no differences o.f opinion in regard to the substantial benefits that the municipality is deriviug froni:. the expenditure of the loan contracted: by' the Council fo'v. the con- - atruetion of public works. In the town itself, several fine , brick and pipe . drains' have been. laid, down at street; crossings. : ;AtIthe;-spofc wkeang unsightly and uncomfortable swamp used8 to ue 'in Church-street a substantial and roomy drain has been made that effectually carries away the' water that lay stagnant, and the street can now be crossed ' with'as 'much comfort as any qtheiv-vTo -the' wes't-. Wayd also," in frout'of the driirsliedlacpyered/dfaih'. of adequate capacity j protected by. brickwork,' ;has , been., cousti-ucted. and aomirably fulfils, its fuh'c- , tions. Tiie/. park'; J-ih; the viciiiity' df the; tennis ; ground, is being subjected tp.a;yariety/of;processes,' presumably witli the intention of preparing it for its ultimate transformation ; marked improvements, too, are iti course of progress in the northern sc.c- Ition of the park. Iu Grey-street the cement gut tering lining the footpaths on either side' looks ex ceedingly neat and workmanlike. Several other .Svorks are iu course; of construction outside the (town, which will be much appreciated by the pub lic when completed. % Death from Diphtheria. —A sad death occur- - gred iu west Glen Inues during the week. ' Tiie vic- «tim was Miss Bebecea Kingston, who was but 17 //years of age, and yet was snatched from the very threshold of womanhood by the unsparing hand of he -King ot- Terrors. The poor. girLhad-. b3eu in sthe most robust health until she was attacked with diphtheria; aiid breathed " her lastl aK/ 6 ra;m; oh Wednesday-/. - " V..- < Domestic Affliction. — The friends of Mr. G. A. Solomons and his family will be sorry .to hear that they have passed through severe tribulations since leaving Gh-n Innes for Tajmvorth. During the past few days Lilla, the eldest child, succumbed to fever ; and whilst the family were mourning the loss of "the little due, Mrs: Solomons was also at tacked ;byJ the /same complaint, and now lies so seriously ill- .-is-" to cause.„thei.gravest anxiety/ and one of the other children also is in like case. Clarence Harbor and Railway League.— We received the following by wire from Grafton on Wednesday evening : — At a meeting of'the league to 'day it was resolved that the-Gieu Inucs Raihvay .Committee be informed that'/ tlie Clarence" River/: Railway and Harbor League are willing to join iu the furtherance of any action the Conference may decide on in advocating, the construction of the 31en Innes-Inveivll Railway, upon the condition that such Conference will also advocate the further extension of the line from Glen Innes to Grafton, and recognising the Clarence as the main port of the. :N.orth- Coast .districts of N.S.W. I11 moving the resolution, Mr. Thomas Page pointed out that the league were bound by their charter to this course, which still retained the unanimous support of those present. It was also resolved that the Glen.Iiint-s Committee ' should be asked to get the Sectional Committee to take evidence at Glen Lines from wituesses who eoubl show the value :of the coast line to the Tableland people after the j construction of -the link between them. Emmaville Parish.- The Rev. J. T. Wrenford will conduct the following -services : — Saturday, July .9, Ranger's Valley at 8:; Sunday, Christ Church,: Duiicb'c, mattins and/celebration of .holy, communion at 11, - Morton's Hair- dressing 'Saloon. — Mr. George Ashlou having deservedly earned tile reputation of a deft hair-dresseiy and -barber at. Harris' / shaving saloon, has bow started in business oil his" own ac count, in- the shop that'- used fo"'be tenanted by the late Mr. John Morton. Mr. Ash ton 110 doubt .will \- Maintain the repu tatioiUie nly f> 1 £ The" Bear HilI old-mining Company. — TiiJ Biases, machinery, of the Bear Hill Gold- miii-| |ig Company, advertised for sale; under Shcriff-'si : %|rdcr last Tlutrsday, ffvere withdrawn, the claim| |indor which the property was offered having ap-| irentlv been settled. Wc notice that the sche-| M&ile.; of Edward Nevillc Charsley, sharebroker; oft gfjollins-strcet, Melbourne, was filed in the' Iusol-1 Sijkney Court 011 Wednesday. The failure, it is .set | gforth, was mainly brought' about by a Bcoruer"-inl phe Bear Hill Gold. mining .Company's, shares, in I ; ifVugust and the litigation which followed. -The| /liabilities are stated at £23,080, and the n£ ; $563 ; deficienyKf®2«f87?cioeroOT-''" -J'"--" tstsfmbbs " in.Excelsis." — There can be no doubt that Mr. Dibbs lias seized and made the fullest use of the occasion of greatness which hes been offered to him (says the Australasian. ) When he left Sydney on his adventurous trip lie could hardly have imagined, even iii his wildest dreams, that he would - become a society hero iii a capital which is. accustomed to eutortaiu visitors of high: rank from all countries. But Mr. Dibbs isudw ex hibiting for the -first time his real capacity for work. He has explained the error of the French Government in . continuing the system of transpor- tatioirto New Caledonia, and rebuked the jnanagers- of the ChicagoyExhibitiou for their treatment of New South Wales. . He has argued with Lord-' ;,Knutsford on the subject of allowing trustees to in vest in colonial securities, and lias' discoursed to city financiers 011 the resources of Australia and on the -recondite subject of bimetallism. This large - amount pf public work has directed all eyes upon him, and7 he ia-as ambitious to be known in the social as in the political world. So far he has j managed well. ; He has bepn -almost-; nightly at i public banquets, or private llih ners. He "goes" dpVvn ! to Warwick to ineet 'the Prince of Wales, and is j; able to pose, according to the telegrams, as a great I representative man. : He ls commanded to. an audi j ence with the Qneen. Mr. Dibbs, in a word, is in I cxccl&u.;, , Ho floats far .above the crowd iu - the j rare and'exhilarating atmosphere of political and. social distinction. He has striven for this, and wo : do not grudge hiin his success. It is only to be j hoped, that hu will dot be te'nipteU to' remain too 1 long, until some new hero appears upon the sceue. j We should like to see Mr. L)ibbs return with tiie I radiance pf. his triumph in his face, and before the /excitement that he has caused among the/'news- ! paper correspondents subsides. It is, however, a pleasant thing to see that the Premier of an Aus tralian colony is received in Loiiddn'as d- mad .of' ! mark, as a distinguished Englishman, -'and- most 1 people will hope that this,feeliug will longleist,. 