Heluhous Iemebs. On Being Filled with, the \ . Holy Ghoat. Br Rev. Jons 'YVatsfobj). Broached on Sunday morning, April 17, in West End Wcsleyan Church. Af tor reading portions of the third ohapter of St. Matthew, and first and seconds chapter of Aotsj Mr. Watsford said:— Now you see, friends, what I have to speak to you about this morning deals with *4 being filled with the Holy Ghost," and on speaking on this, or any other subject, but espeoially on a subject like this, we are under the teaching of the Holy Spirit, and I ask you, friends, fhfg morning to try earnestly to pray that the Holy Ghost may come and touch every one of us, and impress the truth upon our hearts, and may God grant that wo may all be filled •with the Holy Ghost. "When God made man, He made him pure arid holy, and the Holy Spirit then dwelt in man's spirit, and man was a partaker of the divine nature and the divine life; but whon man sinned, the Holy Spirit was driven from his heart and man became carnal, and was brought under the power of the prince of this world—tho spirit that now rules in the children of disobedience. Tho work of the Lord Jesus Christ in coming into our world was to* bring baok man to God, or to bring God back to man. There was a difficulty in tho way, and ho undertook to remove it, that tho Holy Ghost might again return and dwell in man's spirit; and the great promiso of tho Father to the Son was that when the divine work was all completed He would return again, and dwell in man. All through the Old Testament, friends, yon have promises referring to this. In tho chapter that I read to you tho Lord said, " I will pour water upon liim that is thirsty; I will pour my Spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thy offspring." Again he said, " Then will I sprinkle clgan water upon you, and yo shall be clean, and a new heart will I givo you, and I will put my Spirit within you.'' And in another chapter wo havo tho great pro mise, " It shall come to pag3 in tho last days that I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh." Tho testimony of John the Baptist was this,4 4 Behold the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin3 of the world," when referring to His divine work, and then, as in the text, He was baptised with the Holy Ghost and with fire, and we may never leave one of them out; sometimes one is left out, but we must join the two together. Ho sheds His blood and taketh away the sins of the world, and baptises with the Holy Ghost. Christ was baptised by John, and the Holy Ghost de scended upon Him in the form of a dove; and as our representative and our federal head, with the Holy Ghost upon Him, and filled with the Holy Ghost, Ho went forth to His great work. Then we all know how very frequently Jesus Christ referred to the coming of the Holy Ghost. Especially in that last wonderful discourse that he delivered, he said, 441 will pray the Father, and he shall give you another comforter, even tho spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because thoy do not know hi*n; but yo know him, for He awelleth with you, and He shall bo in you. It is expedient for you that I go away; for if I go not away the comforter will not como unto you; hut if I go, tho comforter will come unto you, and Ho will convict tho world of sin, of righteousness, and judgment." And then Ho went away to tho cross, and there boro our sins upon His own body on tho tree. Died for our sins, and rose again for our justification, and tarrying with tho Apostles, Ho opened their understanding, He opened tho doors of their hearts, and taught them tho tilings concerning the kingdom and concerning Himself, and gave them tho great commission to go into all tho world and preach tho Gospel to every creature, commanding thein to tarry in Jerusalem until they wero en dowed with the power from on high, and pro mised them, in not many days hence, that thoy would bo baptised with tho Holy Ghost, and thon ho went up on high. Tho divine work was all completed, and now we receive the promise of the Father. The apostles, we are told, truo to His command, tarried at Jerusalem till tho Day of Pentecost, and when that was come, thoy were with one accord in tho ono placo, and suddenly there came a souud from heaven, and filled all tho placo where thoy wero sitting, and there appeared cloven tongues of fire, and thoy wero all filled with tho Holy Ghost, and having received of the Father tho promiso of tho Holy Ghost, thoy went forth preaching tho Gospel. Now, tlicro aro two things that I want to consider. What was it thatthcy received on tho Day of Pentecost ? And is what they received on tho Day of Pentecost for us ? First, what was it that they received on tho Day of Pontecost. They woro all filled with tho Holy Ghost. What does that mean ? Well, perhaps wo may never know what it means; perhaps it is not possible that wo can know all that it means. This is somotliing to ho learned, not so mncli by definition or ex position, as oxporience. Wo shall never know what it means till wo get it. When you get this fullness of tho spirit you know more in iivo minutes than over you knew in your life. Just :is when I was going to Fiji I read all about it, and asked overy question I oould, but I tell you, that fivo minutes in Fiji told mo moro about Fiji than over I kuow beforo. And whon wo enter into tho fullness of tho Spirit wo shall know it then, and nevor till thou. Oh I do pray that God will give you and mo to know ^ experimentally all that wo may know about this glorious filling with tho ."Holy Ghost. Now thoy woro filled with tho Holy Ghost, not with some power, but with the Holy Ghost, not eomothing but Komoono, and that somoono was tho Holy Spirit. They wero filled with tho Holy Ghost. Tnoro is no doubt that thoy had tho Holy Spirit while Christ waa with thorn, and you -»now that aftor tho resurrection He breathed on them and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost," and there is no doubt that they had a great deal of the Holy Spirit then, hut on the Day of Pentecost they were filled. Hot that these little hearts could ever contain all the infinite Spirit, but just as this church could bo filled with the light of the sun, though it can* not contain all the light of the sun, so can we be filled with the Holy Ghost. We think it must bo this—that the Holy Ghost took full possession of them. They were completely under the influence of the Holy GhoBt. The Holy Spirit hod taken possession of them. But a man might take possession of a house and have the keys; but there may be some rooms locked, so that he cannot enter into them. The Holy Ghost is with us, but it has not full pos session of ns. Now what is being filled with the Holy Ghost ? In our Cliristian baptism the application of water as tbe outward sign of tbe work of tbe Holy Ghost is in tended to be the work of the Holy Ghost cleansing away sin; and when we are baptised in the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, we are to be entirely His, and to receive from Him all that is included in the words Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. But baptism may bo a mere outward formal thing, this is, tho baptism of water; the real thing, is the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and it is a baptism of fire. A writer referring to the Holy Ghost coming upon Christ, and the Apostles, said that when tho Holy Ghost de scended upon Jesus it came in the form of a dove, tho emblem of innocence. There was nothing to be cleansed, and the Holy Ghost came as a dove, hut when it came upon the Apostles on the Day of Pentecost, it came as fire, thoro was some cleansing necessary. So, brethren, that was one of the great things that took place on the Day of Pentecost. There was tne purging, tho purifying. Now I cannot stay this morning to dwell at any length on the particulars; but just let me tell you one or two things. There was the fear of man, and how fearful they were on the Day of Pentecost. One cursed and swore that ho did not know Christ, and they all met with closed doors for fear of the Jews, but after tho day of Pentecost all fear of man was gone, and they went forth, and with all boldness preached tho "Word, for all fear of man was gone, and they were strong in faith. Before Pentecost they talked about the earthly kingdom, and what place this would occupy; why the last question they asked tho blaster was, 11 Wilt Thou restore the kingdom of Israel?" But after Pentecost what Christ-like lives were theirs ! What love to one another! They were all of one heart and one soul; and what love to tho perishing! They went everywhere in the face of the bitterest opposition; they went everywhere preaching tho Word. But there was another thing; they not only received light, but they were endowed with power for their work as witnesses for Jesus. Jesus had said to them, 11 Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy that is come upon you," and being filled with, tho Holy Ghost, they had the power, for on the first sermon 3,000 were added to the church, and on the work went, until they numbered about 5,000, and soon it was said of these fishermen and tasgatherers, these men that have turned the world upside down have oome here also. Oh, what changed men they were \ Oh, what glorious work they performed, that of carrying the glad tidings of repentance, and the secret was this, they were all tilled with the Holy Ghost. Mary, as well as John or James, for the glorious promise was, that Ho would give it to his servants and his handmaidens, and so on the Dav of Pentecost they were filled with the Holy Graost-. Now the next quostion is, was that intended for us ? Is it intended for all days, for the whole gospel days? Oh, "brethren, are wo not compelled to the conclusion that wo as churches have to a great extent got away from the ex perience of Pentecost? Thank God for the good, thank God for the success that attends the labour of his servants. Is it for us to go back and got.'filled with the Holy Ghost. Do not think of others as I speak to yon, do not for amoment look on others. "When I was preaching before a number of ministers they said, " Look here, a good many of those in our churches who profess to have that blessing of entire sanctification, or that fulness of the spirit, they are themost difficult men wo have to do with," and perhaps that charge is not without some foundation. I never in my life judge anybody without making somo great mistake about it. Let me give you an example. I have two sons in the ministry, my oldest son is one of tho most short-sighted ones in the world. Ho could never toll who you were, and he deter mined for a long time not to wear glasses, but he had to take to them in the end. Onco a lady friend came to mo and told j mo that my son was not beginning well, that | ho was a little proud ; ho never noticed any of them. I said you are on tho wrong track, it is in his eyes, he could not seo you for the life of him. You see friends, that is the worst road wo get into, judging others. "Wo are always wrong when we begin to judgo others. Wo are not going to give up our Christianity becauso thero are somo people who profess to bo Christians and do not live as 6uch. No, let us live aa Christians, and show them tho way to live. Theii I want to say this to you beforo leaving tliis question.—Do not bo affected by wbat other people may say of yon. If a man goes out in these days and professes to bo a Christian ho is looked at with suspicion, and somo may thiuk that ho is trying to make himself out better than others are ; but we must'not bo influenced by these things. Wo must go to God's word, and what God's word says must rulo us, and I appeal to God's word this morning, and if this is not told us in tho Bible, it is better for us to know it at onco ; that if this is for us wo had better seek for it with idl our heart, and keep it when wo get it. Hay we all bo cloansod from sin, and may we receive that powor that wo so absolutely need for tho work in whioh wo aro engaged. Now look horo friends, thoro is not ono horo to-day satisfied with his or her spiritual lifo in tho past. Some of you mourn greatlyover it. You have not brought glory to man as you should havo done. Oh, no ono knows tho tears. of some of you over it. If some of you are preaching and teaching and you have gone out to work and you have seen no success, there has heen no comforting power with the "Word, and why, because we .have not been filled with the Holy Ghost. Then may wo be filled with the Holy Ghost is the question this morning. Now what will satisfy us that you and I may be filled with the Holy Ghost ? "Will the pro raise of God satisfy us ? If He says, " £ou people in the West End Wesleyan Church of Brisbane,- I will fill every one of you with the Holy Ghost if you will receivo me," would you want anything more ? Well, suppose if He were to speak again from his throne, and say, "You believers in the West End Wesleyan Church of Brisbane, I command you everyone of you to be filled with the Holy Spirit." Well, is not God speaking to us, not from His throne, but from his word ? And is it not, to you and to mo, as much God speak ing to us in His word as if he were speaking to us from His throne ? Well, we find out that when the people were convicted of sin, He said "The promise is unto you and to yonr children," and, thank God, He did not stop there, and Ho said, "And unto all afar off," and Ho is faithful to all His promises. I cannot fill myself with the Spirit. God alone can fill me. But I can use the means. I can comply with the conditions, and as sure as I do God will fill mo with the Holy Ghost. If you receive the Spirit that God is waiting to give you, depend upon it you will have success. Some of you are saying, perhaps, *' How am I to get it ? That is what I want. I want to have power in my work." Well, you are told by Jesus Christ himself, and there can he no mis take about it. Here are his words, for you and for me, in St. John, " If any man thirst, let him come unto Me and drink." As the Scriptures hath said, " Out of his holly there shall flow rivers of water." At the last conference at Melbourne I think there was a lot of young ministers who were filled with the Holy Ghost, and a young minister said to me, " I have not got it, I can not go to my circuit without it," and I said, "It will not be long before you get it." Oh, come to Jesus this morning, and say here, "Lord Jesus, I come to thee now. I look right up to thee now. I am thirsty now. Lord, I come to thee to drink, fill me with the Holy Ghost," and he will do it. A friend of mine told me a tale of a poor friend of mine, a fine man, who used to preach with power, but somehow he got tangled with doubt and difficulty, and he was on the border of giving up everything. Ho lost all the joy of religion, he continued to have family prayers in his house, but all the real power in preaching God's word ' had gone. Mr. Knight had a habit of going | about in the morning with different members to hare breakfast, and he went one morning to this gentleman's houso, and then they had prayer, and the gentleman himself read the lesson; it was about tho woman of Samaria, and when ho came to that passage, ""Whoso ever shall drink of this water shall never thirst again," the tears rolled down his cheeks. Mr. Knight fell down upon his knees and prayed, and then brother Knight accompanied the gentleman on his way to the office, and then as they walked along the pavement to his office, ho said, "I have been drinking of this water for some time now; I have plenty of money, but that does not bring me peace; I have heen placedin a high position, but that did not bring me rest and peace; but whosoever shall drink of that water shall never thirst again." And he cried out on the pave ment, " Oh, for one drink of tho stream again. Not a moment, not an inch further; drink man, drink now." Jesus said, "If anyone thirst let him come unto me and drink." And then, glory he toGod, he drank again, and his soul was satisfied. And he lived for a few months, going outpreachingtliegospcl, and then died, andhe is now at the throne of God in heaven. I say to you, my brothers, just where you are, ye need not wait to go to your knees, ye need not wait till tho service is over, just where you are, come now to Jesus. Jesus said, " If any man thirst let him come unto me and drink." Oh, 1 I do pray that you will be filled with the Holy Ghost; it is tho privilege of every one of you, ministers and people; we may all be filled with the Holy Ghost. 