'THROUGH THICK - AIJDTHIH^ ? t . .... — i — ; ? * BY.TtECE AUTHOR 03? { MY WIFE OR HIS. '[ATT. EIGHTS EESEEVED.] (Commenced in the Evumro News, intrust 10.) CHAPTEB XXX.— (Contintted.) 'IFhere ^r&q; nothing, sir; he -was gone just as he was gone before, and nothing to t*ll how he went. When I tried to speak to him. again there wu nothing but myself and . the moonlight, and I was shaking as if I had the ague on ma.' ' Too frightened to hear the sound of a gate or a footstep, I suspect.' ' Lord, si^ there wasn't no footsteps to hear 5 he just vanished like, and he didn't open no gate, or I should' have heard that.' 'And that was the last time you eaw him ?' r 'No, six, I saw him the sight before last.' ' In the same place ?' ' Within a hundred yards of it, sir. He tras standing at the edge of the cliff, and he vanished over the edge.' ' Do you mean fell over P' 'No, sir — vanished.' : It was a curious tale altogether, and Mr. ?Lynn could not make much of it. Rutley was evidently speaking the truth. It was a plain unvarnished story, except perhaps in the matter of his own alarm ; fright had edged it round with a halo of romance ; he had seen some one he mistook for his dead friend, that was all ; still the scar, he must have been mistaken there ; his fancy had played him a trick. ' Will you show me the place where all this happened ?' he said after a minute or two of silence. ' Ye«, sir, any time.' ' To-night, then. Are you at liberty ? Can you come ?' ' I can get leave to do so, sir, I am due at 8 o'clock.' 'And it is half-past 7 now. Make haste back, and get an extension of your time, if possible. Is this on the way to the heights?' ' This way will do as well as any other, sir.' ' Very welL Get back as soon as you can, and we will go together.' Mr. Lynn sat quite still when the fire man had gone, pondering over what he had heard. ' It was no ghost, ' he said to himself. ce There is a mystery over it all. Dent is dead, and they have buried him; but someone has arisen with his face and form, and the scar ? Bah! I am an old fool — that of course is all in the imagina tion of my ponderous friend. Giants have generally some small weakness ; super stition seems to be Rutley's strong point.' Tha fireman came back in a very short time. ' You d#n't mind my .uniform, eir, do you ?' he said, ' It's the regulation, you know. I can be back to my post in a few minutes from where we are going, 'and we can hear any call up there.' He took the lawyer by a v«ry short cut — which -was rather like climbing the side of a house — to the top of the clifE where he had met with his adventure. It was, as he said, a glorious place for a man who wanted a Btroll in the fresh air, and Mr. Lynn looked round hirp as soon as he had recovered his breath, in silent admira tion of the beauty of the scene. 'There's^ the place, sir,' Rutley said presently, after they had walked a short distance from the edge of the oliff. ' That house there.' He pointed to what looked like an enclosure of considerable extent — private grounds, no doubt — with a long, low white house in their midst. A gate opened on to the space where they were walking. It was overshadowed by trees, and j ust now was quite in gloom, for the moonlight was waning and fitful, though it was quite light enough to see anything with sufficient distinctness for identification. ' Is thiscthe placa ?' the lawyer asked in a low tone. ' Yes, eir, and, oh, Lord I don't you see him? There he is, standing there by the gate !' There certainly was a figure there — so still that it might have been part of the wall against which it seemed to lean, and Mr. Lynn felt his heart give a great bound as he looked at at. ' Come and speak to him,' he said ; but Butley waB shaking from head to foot in mortal terror. 'Come,' Mr. Lynn said} 'you did it before, you say.' ' Yes ; but he said it wasn't his name.' ' Well, try him again ; perhaps he will remember that it is by this time.' = He dragged the unwilling man forward till they stood within a few paces of the still figure, which looked at them, as it seemed to the lawyer, in puzzled bewilder ment. ' Now speak,' he said. ' Richard Dent,' Rutley said, in evident fear, 'is that you?' ;. .,- ??.;..? The ghost stared at them with a very mortal look indeed in its eyes. 'Not my name,' it saidj 'not any names' , . : . The lawyer's voice broke the /jsilence now. ; ' '? Eric Westover,' he said, « My dear boy, do you know me?' -'?'? ' ' *' Know you,' replied the ghost jf* why. should I not know, you?- But how did you come here, Mr. Lynn ?' ,? zl - ? ' To look for you, my boy— -id '* l&pb; for you,' the lawyer replied in £ brokenvoice ? and i. he took the ghost by! both t bands, While Rutley fiat flat down ou the grass in sheer amazement at whatlmd come of his revelations, ? \ t .....,..-- ? ??'??' ?'''?? ?'??'- ? \ - CHAPTER, -XXXL— Fociro. 1 Ruiley sat still _-j-n the ground staring, and feeling as if tho_sky and earth were tumbling together,' while Mr. Lynn held the hands of the ghost, and gazed into his face, as if he could; not find another word to utter. He of ten, told his comrades after wards, when he was recounting the won ders of that night, that he was nearer fainting from sheer fright and astonish ment than he ever was im his 'life. What with the cqmrade he had known so well denying his name, and not recognising him, and owning another name that this strange gentleman also knew and called him by^ he was, ashe expressed himBelf, 'flummoxed,' and felt as if he was going mad. . 'It is I' Mr.1 Lynn said after a pause, still hoi-3ib# the passive 'h^nds in his. ' My dear, dear lad, how we h-ave mourned for you ! Thank heaven you are found.' 'YeB ; you have found me. Who sent you ? . How., did you know ?' „ ? The voice was curiously hollow and snaky now, and the tall form was swaying like a reedi ' :? Mr. . Lynn :«aw and under stood, and caught it, as it would have fallen forward on the grass at their feet. ' Find a bell-- ring — make someone hear!' he cried to Rutley, who was re covering his wits. ' It's no ghost. You have clone me more service than you can imagine in brinsing me here to-night. Ring, knock, shout 5 do anything to bring help ; he is ill— dying perhaps.' «' It is Dent, sir, for all he says it isn't,' the fireman said, tugging lustily at a bell, the handle of which he found after some fumbling about the gate. ' Yes, it is your eomrade. We shall understand where the missing link in his life is presently. Is anyone coming?' ' Yes, sir ; I hear steps.' Someone came hurrying along the path from the door of the house, and a man opened the gate a little way and looked out. ' It is too late to bring anyone to-night, gentlemen,' he said civilly enough ; ' the doctor says ? ' ' We want some help, my' good man,' the lawyer said hurriedly. ' A gentleman has fainted; will you give us a little water ?' ' Surely, sir.' The servant — for such ne evidently was — came lorwaia to see vrn&y; was tuts mat ter and look at the still form lying so like death in Mr. Lynn's arms. ' Lord ! if it ain't No. 24 !' he said in astonishment. ' How did he get here ? He belongs here, eir 5 do you know him ?' ' Yes.' ' Then you'll be right welcome. I'll run and tell tha doetar and bring some one to carry him. We'll just get him inside the gate and I'll lock it.. We've got artful folks here, sir — as artful as devils, some of them.' He helped to lay the white, still figure on the grass inside the gate, which seemed to lock with extreme ease, and then ran off, saying as he started — ' I'll bring some brandy back with me.' The house seemed a long way, and the two -watching by that tjuiet figure began to fear that the swoon would lapse into death before help arrived ; but all possible haste was made, and hurrying footsteps presently made themselves heard, and the servant reappeared in advance o£ others with a small ilask. ' Brandy, sir,' he said j *' and the doc tor's coming himself.' Mr. Lynn wetted the white lips, and saw that the few drops of spirit were swallowed, and the eyes opened just as a gentleman and two attendants 'with a chair came to the place. ' Some one fainting,' the gentleman said.. ' One of .my people, my man says. Yes, it ia 5 No. 24. May I ask, gentlemen, where you found him f ' 'Just, outside,' Mr. Lynn replied. 'Is he under your care?' ' Yes. Be careful, Evans ; take him in and say nothing to him. He is all right, or will be in a few minute.s. Noyf, sir,' addressing Mr. Lynn, ' pardon ray brus querie, and allow me to thank you and introduce myself. I am Dr. Eames, at your service. This iB my house j will you step in and let me thank you ? If anything had happened to my poor patient I should have been extremely sorrr. Do you know how he came to faint?' ' I think I ido,' said the lawyer. ' It was the surprise of meeting me ; ke was not prepared for it.' ' The surprise of meeting you !' The doctor repeated the words as if he could hardly comprehend them. ' Do you know him ?' ' I do. I have come from England ex pressly to look for him. I shall have much to ask you, Dr. Eames.' 'All I know I will tell you with pleasure. Does your friend here know him, too?' ' That is the strangest part of it. He knows him under quite a different name ? one which he did not appear to recognise when we spoke to him just now.' '.Maybe he will by-and-bye, sir,' Rutley said, ' It's our old chum, sure enough.' . ' And it's ray missing lad,' the lawyer said with a smile. * *' We shall have to go shares in him, ray man.' 'So he comes, to life again I don't mind how it is sir,' the fireman, said warmly. ' I've doae all I can now, and I t.Mnlr I will get back.' ,,..'.. ' . . He stood up and saluted, and. would have gone away .without .another word ; hut-Mr. Lynn detained him £L 'moment and put a sovereign info his hand. ;. 'Tf^n'^^a^n^'^sag, .^asthe man would have put; it '., back agiun, ,** £,, don't mean in fiiat way | only, take it,4s,a' trifle for pocket anofte^. I shall hope ta have a good deal^more to say ibo you, 'Do .mB^nfe'iasjffl^C ~'«._'h'J.^ '\ \' I '{':;. ' V ^ : [ .' ?,.?.- ' Aiytb^^t.ean,»ir*w, f }.V'\ / ^\\. \ '... ;: ? ut)o not talk about ibis -matter j; keep it 1 / '.;.'. to yourself till you hear from me. I will Bee you to-morrow.' ! '?' *' I won't say a word, sir.' . ; He wept his way , and kept bis pronuBe, though he nearly drove .his room-mates at the itatiipi rcrsay;by;his mysterious dignity and the extreme air of having something on his mind, which excited -their curiosity. What it waa he would not say; he only declared that it was ' the moBt astouadiag ist thinghe had, ever heard of, and they ?would say so when they came to know about it.' Meanwhile Mr, Lynn had followed Dr. EameB into a snug parlor, after being assured that the patient was doing very well, and imagined that he had dreamed of the appearance of an old friend. It would be better to leave ft«*» under that impression till morning. 'Can I see him in the morning?' Mr. Lynn asked. ' Surely ; as early as you like to come. We can put you up if you. will honor us so far,' Dr. Eames said. 'I am anxious to find out something about what has been, a most interesting case to me.' ' I am right in surmising that this is a lunatic asylum, I suppose?' the lawyer said. 'Perfectly. This is Caldwell House; my predecessor here was Dr. Caldwell, one of the most celebrated men in the treat ment of lunatics that ever lived.' ' And am I to infer that the poor lad is mad ?' ' No, infer nothing of the sort. He is as sane as you or L' Mr. Lynn was almost too astonished to make any reply, and the doctor rang the bell and ordered in some refreshments, and dispatched a man to the hotel for his bag, and bustled about to give him time to recover himself. He could see that his sudden visitor was strangely agitated, and he knew that there was a mystery to be solved — one that had puzzled him ever since the aaan i.e called No. 24 had been an inmate of his house. In a ?very few minutes he and the lawyer were seated over a cosy little meal, ready to compare notes and find out what they could from each other. v ' You say you have come from Europe to seek for my patient ?' Dr. Eames said. ' I did ; I half thought it was a wild goose chase. Hie family have believed him dead these four years, or rather more, but I have had my doubts for some time. Little things have cropped up which showed me that he was alive, and hiding under 'another name — at least, that was my theory. I traced Vnm to Quebec, as I thought, but I was almost stopped at the outset by authentic news of the death of the man I was seeking at a fire here.' ' It was out of a fire here that he came to me,' said the doctor — ?* at least, after one. But finish your story, and then I will tell you mine.' ' I came over and questioned bis com rades — that was one of them that was here with me just now. They all told me of his death and burial, but they gave me in telligence' that proved to me almost beyond doubt that the fireman who- had died in that horrible disaster was the lad I was seeking.' ' Indeed? They gave that man a brave funeral, and plenty of newspaper adula tion.' ( TO BK -3O.NTJ_NUKD.} 