SPARKS. Hot, .- Lunch. Cricket. Tenders. hlum wotKj Cold medal . A new drape/i ' Federation.' A bouse to let. 'The Widow.' Sale on Friday. Shooting match to-day. Did you find a paisley sha« 1 ? Coursing all the rage in Burra. Josh, you must getyer //eye /tin. Peruse odr advertising column?. 4 Nemo' informs the Gentlemen, Lieut. Watt won ibe gold medal. A lot of people in town on Friday . Some fine vegetables grown in Bftrra, Sells Bros, speaks well of Adelaide, 'The Widow' did Hat (Jet any luck. Free lunch at the Comtnereiar Hotel daily. You must not hunt on the Gum Creek estate. ' Are we going to have a tug-of- war in Buna ? We have some well-bred dogs in our town Army coing la have a tea fight at Hallett. Inspection by the Burra Town Council to °Mr I. W. Goss and family leaving for Bioken Hill. The secretary of the Buna Cricket Club ex plains. What has become of the Woodcarters' Union? 1 ... - ' HanSj the Boatman' preferagle: to ' The Widow.' ' -? ' ? The late tains did not rtach the eastern hundreds. Now Quarrymen will you accept ' Nemo's' challenge ? A lot of people visited the Barracks on Sun day afternoon. The Gladstone riflemen^ beat the Mount Cambias. The circulation of the Record is rapidly in creasing. Little Mollie Grey took the part of the black steward admirably. Loi.k out for Messrs. Dempsey, Wilkinson, dnd Sandland's sales. All the country towns holding rarfe meetings. Why can't Burra ? The Buna and Halllett District Councils calls tenders for work. The Lynch family will appear at Burra about the middle of March. The crushing machinery at the old smelting works working agaitt. Burra Mounted Infantry will muster well at the Easter encampment. Port Pirie Corporation balance-sheet shows a balance in hand of X'- Messrs. Bagot, Shakes, and Lewis hold their monthly sale on Friday next. A funny place for that cab to be at such a late hour on Saturday night. Are you going to the encampment ? If so, send iu your name to Lieut. Watt. Harvest thanksgiving services at the Koo ringa Wesleyan Church on Sunday last. Messrs. Bradwood and Wise are the success ful tenderers for the Bon Accord bridge. Adjutant Cartner looked very much out of place amongst our soldiers with her slum attire. The Police Act gives the police full power to deal with disorderly persons at entertain ments. It is rumored that the Government of New Zealand will probably be offered to Lord Kintore. The dying prophet is now the sensation in Russia. He dies every week and returns to life again. A woman named Mrs. Buike was knocked down in Kooringa by a horse on Sunday night. The injuries were not serious. Mr. l'han, an amateur, of Germany^ lilted a 101 Hi dumb-bell in the right hand and a 100 Ib bell in the left, and put them up three times successively. 'Look on this picture and on thtt/ Cardinal Mannings personal estate was swnrn under £100. Dr. Perry laic Anglican Bishop of Manchester, estate ^33,800. The Burra Public School cost ,£69)6 includ ing furniture. It will accommodate between 800 and 900 children, but at present there are only 256 names on the roll. Never read any book that is not a year old; never read any but famed books; never read any but what you like; never take an inferor brand of Eucalyptus Oil when you ask for Faulding's. When any fit of anxiety, gloominess, or per version of mind lays bold upon you take Dr. Graham's Sarsaparilla. It is a wonderful medi cine for lowness of spirits, indigestion, and disorders of numerous kinds. Stansbury. champion sculler of the world, and T. Sullivan, Ihe New Zealand sculler, have signed articles to row for £200* side and the championship. The race is fixed for May 2. A negro in Columbus dreamt he found five dollars at a certain place in the street. He went to the spot next morning, found one dollar, and now accuses the ghost who told him to go there of stealing four dollars. Mr. W. Fallow, a well-known commerical traveller, last week sued Mr. Theodore Kneese, landlord of the Central Hotel at Port Pirie, for refusing him accommodation. Mr. Fallow in voked the assistance of the police and engaged a solicitor, but unfortunately lost his case and with it costs. It is proposed by some persons that carpet snakes be introduced to destroy rabbits. A carpet snake 6ft long, can eat two or three at a meal. The question was asked, ' How would we manage if tbe snakes became too numer ous ?' and tbe reply was, ' When the snakes finish eating the rabbits they would eat each other.' Important to District. — Messrs. Drew and Crewes have been appointed to the sole agency of 'Marshall's Exhibition .Condi-, rueni.' a vaiuaMe adjunct to .usual feed of horses, cows, dogs, poultry, etc. A guaranteed article. Already awarded twelve specials at agricultural shows. Also for their famous Lincoln Healing Oils, equally valuable for man or beast. The largest lake in tbe world is Lake Superior, being 460 miles long add 900 feet deep. The biggest waterfall is that of Niagara, which plunges over the rocks in two columns 10 the depth of 170 feet each. The greatest curative agents in -he world are Faulding's Eucalyptus Oil and Cough Elixir ; they should be kept in every bouse. COAL MINES. The deepest mine in tbe world is the Lam bert Coal Mine in Belgium, 3490 ft. Tbe miners at (he Leigh's Creek Cotl Mine will be better off than our friends in Belgium, having only 1500 ft. to sink the shaft. They wil also be able to obtain Faulding's Emu Brand Eucalyptus Oil and Extract of Eucalyptus, tbe two standard remedies against colds, chills, and other disorders to which miners are liable. 