. Ijiirfrictts. CTTAPTEB XIV. ? D Y F R A N IC 'ylORLEY. Toil I'.MicitMEST, from liis coigns of Wntigo,'cuulil boo distinctly oTorj- lhing in llooUy'a odioo. It was very ovidoat that fehero was an uucoinfort:iblo fooling of con' otr.iint bctweon the two men. - Silas Hook-*- -hod tho appoaranco of a man who untictpntoi an impending ofil; while Puffy was attempt in" to assume tho rdfe of ono perfectly at his case, while ho was constrainedly nerrous, and spasmodically jolly—or at least loud. " -You will pardon mo, Mr. Puffy," said tho luwyo., " if I fail to understand tho drifb of your remarks whioh, to say tho least, aro in questionable taste." " You don't liko thorn," said Puffy, drily. "I don't liko them, and. I don't undor* ?laud thorn." retorted LTookv. eava-ru'v. " and let mo tell yon, onco for all, that I wiP not submit, to this assumption of superiority on your p*--t, which I look upon as an impertinence.'' " Lardy dah!" said Puffy. '. Then*-was a savage gleam, in the lawyor'a eyes, aa ha half roso from hi- chair, apparently with tho intention of souing hia companion by tho throat. However, ho conquored' his impulso, und sat down again; but tho banker lost his nonchalant air, and Ids eoloiir ut tho saino time. He hs,d evi dently gono ~00 far, aud he appourod to oomo to the conclusion that Hooky was not a man to ha trifled with. Tho tneu wore taking ouch other's measura** After a moment's silence tho lawyer said, "If you wiU causo your hints aud innueudoos, and stato plainly what you want mo to do, it will, perhaps, bo hotter for'buth of us." " I only waut you to do, for our mutual bonolit, what you have already dono for your own,'.' said Puffy. " That is—f intorjeoted tho lawyor, im pationtty. "Forgo I" said Puffy, in a low tono. "Oh!" oxolairaod Hooky, "you do mo too muoh honour,'.' and ho leant back in his chair with tho cosy air of a mau who had j usfc discovered tho point of a joko whioh had hitherto escaped Mm. " Aud so you think that among my mani fold uooomplishrhouts I am fool onough to include that of tlio forgor, ohf" * " Look here, Tlooky, lot ua drop this and oomo to busiues ," sn.id tho banker, shortly. "Proooed, my frieud, proceed," said Hooky;." unfold your sohomo to tho atten tive cars of yours truly. I admiro your laiportinoaoa. I always know you woro a roguo. I am- conscious that I am not bumaoulats myself: but I did not thiuk boforo that you wero a fool; aud I was eartainlj* unaware that I had given you reason to thiuk that I was ono. But go oa, go ou, I hui all attention. Whoso namo am I to forgo, pray, far our mutual benefit, ha I ha! very good! for our mutual benefit, ho ! ho! —what v coiuer of phrusos you uro, Puffy." Tho banker bit his lip impatiently, -whilo tho lawyor was indulging in his untimoly merriment—whioh had a somowhut falso ring übout it. Hooky laughed, but tho laughter wns forced. It did not spring spoutunoously from a jocund heart, or a tiuklod imagination. It was a stage laugh, and carried with it hardly evon tbo ghost ef merriment. Such, as it was, however, tho lawyer suddenly ceased his ossumod niirth, and briuging his jaws together with a snap, turned an enquiring look upon his companion. " What do you mean by saying, or insinuat ing ratbor, tbat I havo committed forgery," he suddenly enquired. "I simply mean," roplied tho banker, "that I kuow you havo douo it; that I eau prove you havo dono it; hut that I think it will suit ma bottor to work with you, rathor than against you." "In othor words," said Hooky, "yon think you havo a hold on mc, und that you will graoiously permit ma to become your cat's-paw." " Wo shall share equally j" snid tho hankor. " Iv the profits ?" cpioricd Hooky. Tho banker nodded assent. " Aud tho risks?" persisted the lawyer. Puffy lulled hi ?> dt-i>r-";i.uiig fashion, that ho had acquired by long habit of doiug unpleasant things in as pleasant a manner as possible. "Supposing Irnfuso," said Hnoky. "I should explain to you,-that it would bo bottor to reconsider your viituous resolu tion," said Puffy. " Well thou explain at onco, for I omphati oally decline to commit a crime for tho Bako of onrichiDg you." *' And yourself," interjeotod Puffy. "Possibly," said Hooky, but let mo hear your roasous for supposiug that I am capable of tho eriino, in tha results of which you are willing to slinro.'' " I know, for instauoo, that you forged John Thorn's namo to ? promissory note for £600." " Aud supposing I said you lied in ?makingsuch a statement—what then?" "Thou, I should simply say that your ob servation was mora vigorous thau correct," repliod Puffy—"butlet mo explain;" nnd, hereupon, Puffy unfolded to tho lawyer the mean 9 by which ho had become possessed of his seorot. Hooky" listened to tho narration with a coiintouaueo in wbioh tho varying shades of oontoroptuous incredulity gavo way to tho oouvietiun gradually foroed tipou him, that tho chain of ovidonco wus complete. Howovcr, ho was not a man to yield without a struggle. He returned onoo moro to tho chargo. "AU this may bo perfectly correct," said ho ; " and yet, us I deny tho charge, it m.iy ouly fond to provo tbat I havo beeu the victim of a baso oonspirucy. "What was to prevent you from making tnoso hieroglyphics upon which you placo so muoh stress, after the bill camo into your hands as well as lnfi>re it left my offico F" "Certniuly, thero is something in that.; and, if it wuro only a question of your oath ngiiust mine, I suppose tho ova is as good, or as bad as the other; but tho wholo sur roundings of the case aro shady, and tlui trausa'-tiun will not bear investigation; more over, I cuu bring a witness to provo that boforo tho bill was known to bu in existence, I had uinde these marka upon a blunk form in your otlice." For n fow moments thero wns a dead silence iv tho room. Tho ono solitary onndlo oast v flickering light upon tho faces of tho two niou, nud throw Iheir sombro ehudow? upon tho wall. The aco of the lawyer was ao loss soiubre a thau his ghostly silhouetto upon tho nakc'l'plast ; while tho expression ol tho banker's com. eiiHiiea betrayed moro of anxiety than triumph. " Who knows of tha forgory besides our selves r" .asked tlio lawyer. "No ono." " Who, then, is tho witness you spoko about?" " Slogging." " And he knows nothing td tha forgery?" " Abielntely nothing." "Then wnat, in Heaven.'a namo, does he ?Know;-" "Simply that I mado O'rlaiu mirks, upon a certain piece of paper, ou a certain date, in Silai Ho/,ky*H olllee." "A:idthis knowledge is perfectly harm less until you supply the koy ?" " Perfectly." "Aud you don't iutend ta supply tho key ??? continued tha lawyer. "Not if you oousout to my proposition,"' said tho hankor ; and he begun to cxplaiu to Hooky what ho roquirod of him. Tom Parchment, who, during this loug "pruh-yuo, hud listened with considerable luttrttt to tho conversation between theso two honourable gentlemen, now settled him self more comfortably, nud with a perfectly clear couscionoo, to mako himself master of too ingenious dcoigu of tho iuuuuoulato ?Puffy. As our renders aro awr.ro, Mr. Putty "quired uf. least £1000 to square Browns neormat before thu return of Inspector btmmdoo. Ho had tried every other Means of rai-iug the minor, but had "Sn-Oly failed iv nil. The fates w?r? a-a-alijit; j v *j„. Ko thought ho "*** as yerj- badly treated by 11. : world in gonorol in not bquijj permitted lo conduct his own littlo swindles In his own way. But being a man of resources, when he failed in ono dirootion ho tried iv another. It oecurrcd to him tbat if ho could not persuade Mrs. Hardgrovo to advanco tho mouey to squaro Brown's account, ho could arrive at a some what similar result by drawing out Mrs. Hurdgrovo's money which was uov* lying at call. % Ho, of course, oould not think of doing anything dishonest Minn*-"*, cspoelaUy whero thoro was a ohanoo of hi** being found out, and Providenoo had kif.aly sent him a-slstanoo in tho porsou of Hcoky. Aftor discussing tho matter at considerable iongth, ft was arranged that Hooky was to forgo a chequo for £20./"; tho amount at Mrs. HurdgruYos ore-litU-ing J62119.175, 6d., inoluding interest;. "But,'' said Hooky, I *' thought sho had nothing." " What mado yc*a think thatf" enquired tho othci; "Parchment told mo that—but no matter —you novor can tell when you havo got a woman. Thoy are as treacherous as cuts and as suspicious as bankers." "Or lawyers," said Puffy, "but I quite agroo with you as to thoir being troaoherous aud suspicious. If Strs. Hardgrove bad only taken my advico about tm investment," I would bavo been saved all this troublo." Tom Parchment nearly betrayed, himself at this point. Ho forgot that I'.o Wll j look ing through a ventilator into another room, and the impulse that wns strong upon him to jump dowu uud floor Puffy nnd Hooky with a right aud left from the shoulder, mudo the division Wall" tremblo us he knocked up against it To hoar those two swindlers maligning wouioa in general, boeuu-so one in particular had been too clevor for them, wns too much for his philosophy. Ho felt an irrosistiblo drsira to hit somebody * but us h" could do nothing he contented himself with listening to the further unfolding of their plots. "Apropos of Parohmont," said Puffy, " I think it would bo a good plan to per sonate him in cashing the chequo. Tho now clork does not know either of you. Yon can get au.ulster similar to the ono Parchment woars, and a littlo paint will mako tha metamorphosis complete. In a casual way you oan mention to the clerk that you are only in Slooum for a short timo ; and then, if iv gottiug out somo papers from your pocket, you could accidentally drop this card of Parchment's, tho thing would bo right." "Happy thought," said Hooky, as ho put Parchment's card in his pocket—" hallo what noiso was that!" " I did not hoar anything," oxclaimed ! Puffy, looking round with a startled ex pression. " I thought something knockod up against tho wall in the next room," stammered Hooky. "Imagination, my dear fellow, imagina tion," said Puffy, with an indeseribablo air of superiority, aa he got over his own fright. " Well," said Hooky, slowly, " it may bo, in fact it must bo, for no ono can ho in there, and ' thus conscience doth make cowards of us all;' but go ahead." " There is not much moro to bo said," con tinued tho banker; "you draw tho cheque for £2000 j sign it. with Mrs. Hardgrovo's uauul signature ; present it ut the bank to morrow ut half-past two o'clock, tho money of course will be paid, in gold recollect, and when you have got it, you can hand over the half lo mc." "When will the discorcry take placo?" asked Hooky. " It may not ho discovered for o oouplo cf month*-, I can urrango that. Thero is not much ehauco of the money being t-ik-.'n out for invcslment beforo that time. Until Mrs. Ilnrdf-rovo wants tho money, nobody will be tha wiser. Sho won't know it is gouo until sho wants to uso it." "But when sho gets her pn?s-book.mndo up, tho swindle will bo apparent," said Hooky. " 9bo does not operate upon that account, and requires 1.0 pass-hook. "Sj I lmvo timo to mako tay exit for Calloo, or the Simdwioh Islands, beforo tho thing is blown," reir.arkcd Hooky. ?'? Plenty of time." " Aud ycu will remain behind to faoo tho storm." „ " I shall remain behind ns tho virtuous, but ticfortuuHto bank iunnoger —tho victim of oircuiustsnc-.a uud—tho litho**ram," CHAPTER XV. 'J'ni! morning, after the scono in Silus Hooky's fllico, broko or bright uud clear us if Nuluto meant to mako i.mends for tho villuiny ol'meu. Tom Parchment was in a muud to philosophise as ho strolled out of his hotel, about ten o'clock in tho morning, with a fragrant Iluvannah between his lips. Ha had slept well, breakfasted heartily, and tho crisp morning air, tempered by tho bright mni'uing suu, mado him feel na if lifo itself—tho more fact of animal existence, thn capacity of bro-ttliini*- such intoxicating air—was a blessed gift from tho immortals. Tho fact -"imply was that ho was young and healthy; that no sousution of discomfort ever betrayed tho oxistoneo of an orjtsn except when ho was hungry; that, although he had nil tho visoora necessary iv tho aninul economy, ho was uueonsoious ef their oxistoneo; und that bright aunshiuci. t*h o odour of flowers, tho sparkle of.dew drops, tho song of birds, all spoke to him 0 f kupni noia and Polly Walker. * c Tom wis going in tho direction of Pino Vi.Ua to acquaint Mrs. llsrdgrove with what ho had soon nud hoard last night. If Tom had beou an ideal oitizon hi-) first duty and hiii natural impulse would have been to acquaint the polioe. But Tom Parchment wis only an ordinary mau; aud, although he was a lawyer, ho did not feel that ho had a special mission to sot tho world aright. At least ho was not going to bo in a hurry nbjut it. Ho would adviso tho myraiidons of tlio law in due course, unless, in tho mean lirtie, somo better plan occurred to him. When ho arrived at Pine Villa, tho ladies had juct finished a late breakfast, and if tl.ero wes a slight flutter iv tho dove cot, it was not from any approhoiibion about being caught i'/? dishabille, for thfly both looked us charm ing ut u~!atn broakfust as they did at nn early *.ou. Mrs. Hardgrove thought something had happened to Jim, and Polly had a pro-etiti ment that something was going to happen to herself. Both worn mistaken, for nothing happened to anybody, unless it waa a trader squeeze of tha'hand, .which Tom bestowed upon his inamorata; but tkU is so' m*ich a matter of courso, that it is hardly worth mentioning. Tom lauuehed itumedi aO'dy into a narration of the occurrence:! of lairt night. If the moving accidents by flood ami field, of which ho was tho victim, wero not exumly of au heroic type, ho at least put them in such v light that his audieuoa laughed with him, and not uthira. As he explained ; if it. was impossible for a man to bo a horo to his valet, it was equally impos sible to feel anything but mean while listen ing lo a private conversation through a venti lator, llowover, when ho cxplaino.l tho liaturo of tho couversatiim ho hi.d over beard, he received pleuary absolution from histwocliarmingooufessors; and thoy reaolv.d themselves into a council of war, to connider the situaliou. Tho ladies having all tho tenderness of heart for which the sex is conspicuous, woro extremely anxious that t.omo mode of action should bo ad.'ptod, which, while preventing tho consummation of tho contemplated forgery, would avoid publicity, and givo tbo two misguided men an opportunity for ro peut'inoe. It is (he prerogative- of lovely women to be illogical. Thoy reas-ia with tho heart, and not with the lica-J. If v lino of action commends ibolf to tho omotioir.il part of I heir nature, tho reasoning facilities lire immediately hmdi::app.*d out of tho running. .Mrs. Hardgrove thought she would kill two birds with ono etouo—save her own m-u.uy, nnd prevent the perpetra tion of a eriini ny th so two miserable men. It was to no purp >?*?: that Tom advised her tli.it tin) lo.**i would not bo hers, even if ih-* oriuio Wat completed. Sh* determined to take the money out ??*. :??:??? ; and Mil it dowu to .U.db'iiiinaiu c!,:.:-.-- -.'' Mr. P,irc:lim--iit. Tom pr.tested tint l .?: thin,' was ridicu lous; that if Hho dre.v out the mui.oy sho should ulaoo i? in '?"> ?"""' ''ink, and thou, If rlio wanted to si'i-d tho monoy to BleN bourne, sho could get a draft, or dray* a -diequo for tho amount. Mrs. Hardgrove had a ho-it of nuti-da-tory reasons for having her own way. . ""iVliatl want to do, Mr, Parchment, is to provent this forgory from coming to ahead at all: to nip it in tho bud by leaving Mr Silas Hooky nothing upon which to exoroist* hia talents. This will prevent tho matter from being* mado public, and it may save both ths unfortunato men. If I send tha money to Melbourno it will simply bs looked upon us an oocentrieity on my part; while, if I put it in tho othor bank, it will cause a good deal of local comment, and the reason may leak out lv somo way.' To this iort of reasoning Tom was power loaa to repiy, und ho recoguisod tho truth ol tho old adage about a woiuun: , " Wlisn slio will, slio will, you may depend on't,' Aud when tho won't, she won t, and there's ar endoa't." Ho reluctantly oonsontod to follow Mrs Hardgrovo's instructions. Sho gave him f cheque for £2000, which ho was to draw out aud carry to Melbourne. To toll tho truth, Tom did not liko tho job. It struck him of being tho quinto-sonce of absurdity, although ha was too polite to say so, or to let Mrs. Hardgrovo tuspeot that he thought so. Mrs. Hardgrovo's idea was certainly not devoid of a certain ingenuity. Sho very naturally thought that ifahodrow her mouey out before Silas Hooky presented tho forged chequo the scheme would ho ot onoo de feated, nnd that nobody, except thoso already iv tho oecrot, would bo any tho wiser. Mr. Puffy would immediately uequaiut tho lawyer with tha foot that tho account was closed, and there tho matter would cud. Such was tho pr- runuia; aud if Mrs. Hardgrovo's benev. ? . intentions had been allowed freo scope this veracious history would never havo baeu written. That wo arc tho victims of circumstances is only another way of saying that wo are human. CHATTER XVI. II? thoro was ono thing moro than another that Mr. Shamdoo prided himsolf upon, it was tho way ho instructed bauk olorks iv their duties. To insult und annoy a customer when he thought ho had him iv his power, and to fawn upon him. afterwards, vvhou ho found that ho was mistaken, was au occasional delight,' whioh was all tho more proeious from its rarity; but to bully a poor unfortunato bank*olork—who was possibly a better man thun himself —was, to tho aotiug manager, and somotimos insp otor, of tho Bank of Elegance, an evory-day oup of bliss. Mr. Shamdoo had a theory that hank olerks should bs inero machines, nnd that, if thoy had any brains, they should not be allowed to exeroiso them. He waa a littlo muu, and, as often happens to men who havo a deficiency of bone aud muscle, he was under tho deluded impression that nature, as a compensation, bad supplied him with an oxtra q nut ; ty of cerebral tissue. He, in fact, co.'-oi-'-'red that ha had sutlieieut brain- power for tho entice establishment; that, intellectual nctivity was at a discount in tho general manager aud the directors, whom an accident of fortuua had abovo him; aud that it was superfluous in the common herd, whom nature, and their owu demerits, had placed beluw him. T.'io only person that Shamdoo did not bully wos Ids wife; and she, by a happy accident, had got. the upper hand, and bullied him. Felix Downey, tho now clerk nt the Bank of Elegance, Sloeum, had tho misfortune to bo trained under tho auspices of Mr. Sham doo, and, as a mutter of oourse, hud all originality knockod out of hira. Whon /.'rst ho went.into tho head offico in Coliius i treat, ho was a yonth of parts; but ho very loon beeamo a mere automaton, and, liko Sir "os?ph Portor, " uovor thought of thinking ?, .r himself at all." Beforo bo was redue'd to this stato of mental imbecility, bo hud somo sovore lessons from Mr. Shamdoo, which, iv duo courso, bora fruit. One day he had done some trifling thing on his ovrn responsibility, which Was perfootly right in itself, but before doing which he should havo consulted Mr. Shamdoo. Tho latter gentleman was very busy, aud could not ba interrupted. Tho gentleman for whom-tho trifling sorvico was douo was au old eustomni- of tho b?nir, uud, by repute, a millionaire. Upiu informing A*. SjimJoo, the vials of that gentleman's vrrfc' 1 '-vero poured out upon tbo wretohed Felix. " How d.-iro you, siri lake it upon yoursolf to do this without con-uking- ma.'' said his superior offiocr. "If you please, sir," ropliod Downoy ( hoiit-ithigly', " I thought—" " You thought, ulr," iuteti'ilptod Shamdoo —"-/on thought I iottl Who told yoit to thiuk, air?" "But—" began tho unfortunato olork, " But, sir!" yelled Shamdoo, "how dnro you 'but' mc, sir I Go to your desk this moment, sir! You havo Bimply got to do your duty, sir! Go!" and Mr. Shamdoo waved him out of his sanctum, a Bidder and .".wiser bnnk-elerk. ' Mr. i'utry ws very unonsy tho morning after hi-juoeturuul visit.to bin friend Hooky. While Tom Parohmont was we'nuiug his way to Piuo Villa, with un easy conscience and .". good olgnrnilr. Puffy was restlessly cn deavoi;-;ug to look perfeotly orlm aud h-ippy. .'ii co'fild not remain five minutes in oue ptico. He got up and walked t) the door; lookod up tho road, and dowu tlio road, and aoross tho road; and thon weut bank to hi.* chair, aud—looked at nothing. Then he settled himsolf to work before a masi of papers; but presently pitched them to one sido and walkod up and down tho room, with coutraoted bio-v and uuonsy stride Ho tried to whi-tle, but his lip 3 wero too pnrohed; uud tho oporotio air which ho ? ?"gun, ended in something liko a sigh, i'roui timo to timo ho went to a cupboard aud put a flask to his lip*, witli tho result that ho imbibed somo Dutoh courago, whioh roso in proportion as tho flu-k descended. Suddenly his vaoilhitiou seemed to leave him, and goiug to tho front room, ho said to Felix Downey : " I am going to drivo down to Brown's station; I bhall not bo back till half-past two. If nnyouo calls, wishing to aeo mo particularly, tell them to wait." " Very good air," answered Felix. "And, by the way," continued the manager, " any chequo drawn by Mrs. Hard grove is, of course, ull right." " Yes, sir." Mr.- Puffy got. into his buggy, and tho way ho droro down tho road w."i3 a caution lo nnrs-i girls, who woro encumbered with the inevitable lover in addition to tho customary perambulator. About 12 o'clock, a gcntloinan enms into the bank, aud presented a cheque for £2000 drawn by Mrs. Hardgrovo, which Felix duly honoured, wondering all the timo at tlio porspicuity which had induced Mr. Puffy lo drop a hint iv going out, that such a thing waa a prob:iblo eventuality. At half p:i-t two, precisely, a gentleman walked into the bank, and presented another chequo for £2000, drawn by Mrs. Hani grove. Felix could hardly believe his senses. He rubbed hia eyes, and seratebed his head, to no purpose.' It was the samo gentleman, or bis double, tho same cheque— " Good Lord!" ho thought, " this i- very oxtraordinnry." He was just about lo ask for an explanation of tho mystery, whon Mr Puffy returned from his drive, und brushed past Ihe stranger in going to his room. Felix followed him immediately; bui hsforo ho hud timo to say anything, Mr Puffy turned round testily and said : " Well, sir." Poor Felix, began to fool very uncomfort able, hut ho Hammered out: " If you pleuHj sir, thoro is a gontlemau lere with v chequo." "Whose, ohoquo?" cried Puffy, irritably. " Mis Hardgrovo's, sir !" " Well, didn't I tell you it was nil right," r-'itrcd Putl'y. " Y--H, h'u-, h-but," stammered tho now h ipsl-ssly imbecile Felix—" b-but, it's for X'illOD. sir." " Well, pay it," yelled Puffy. " But I think there must bo some mistake, sir," plc.ded Felix. "Think, sir!" howled tho exasperated Pnlfy, " who |old you to think, sir, you aro not suppuued to thiuk, sir. you have simply ??ot to a-> your uiity. v.... cu-i *..nj waved tho dom-raliaod. and unhappy Felii. i:it of his office. Whilo the money was being paiJ t illooky across tho oaunter—to do'which, by the way, nearly oxhausted the resources of tho Sloeum lirinch, Mr. Puffy wout out by tho frout -loor, telling Felix; to luck up tho hank at ;hroQ o'cioeV. . "—{To be continued,) 