The Shadows on the Wail. BY DILLON HUBBARD KEB NAN. While travelling from Burgo to St. Paul recently I became acquainted with a vnung man who had been farming in Dakota and was on his way to his old home New York. " Yes," he said, as he lit a cigar and took r .he seat in front of mine, " I have a ranch out here in Dakota near Park River, but I have left it for ever." " The climatc is unsatisfactory, perhaps ?" [ suggested. " Oh, I can stand the climate, but"— He hesitated and looked out cE the cai window at the prairie unrolling itself btf/or» nini as the train sped on. " I can stand the climate." he Continued " but I can't btand—spectres 1" I gave a start. What! This g:»»at, stra, ping young fellow, seemingly in the full rapture and radiance of health, afraid of ghosts! Was he drunk ? Was he demented ? Or was he simply acting a redicu. lous role ? I looked at him a little suspiciously. He saw the look and laughed. " Oh, I'm all right," he remarked ; " but maybe you would like to know why I spoke of spectres just now 2" " Yes." " Well, then, to begin : I went to Dakota in 1SS5— having been driven to tbe step by the fact that I had dropped the most of my little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river, not far from the Manitoba line. It's a great grain country up there—produces colossal crops of No. 1 hard wheat when cyclones, droughts, frosts, hail storms, or prairie firei don't prevent. Listening J" "Yes—certainly." " There was an old two- Btorey frame houst on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent a good many dcllan in getting it made habitable. Finally, om dreary October day I moved in, with thi help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack —a black fellow who had drifted down thai way from Winnipeg, and who had formerlj been a slave in South Carolina. " He arranged the furniture, built a roaring fire on the hearth, cooked my supper, and started to leave. "' I want your help right along, Jack,' 1 said, 1 so you may as well remain. You can have the attic room, and'— " ' Gosh amitey, boss 1' exclaimed Jack, hi* ebony face taking on a look of terror. ' Gosh amitey! Wouldn't sleep in dis heah house fer nuffin in de worl'.' "'Why ?' "' Kase hit's got de'—and his roice fell to a low, creepy whisper—'hit's got de ha'nts." • 5 ' Bosh 1 What put such a foolish idea as that in your head V "' 'Scuse me, boss, but hit am no foolishness. De man what built dis house kim a stagg'rin' home one night and wus nebber Beed er-gin. No, sah» Nebber seed er-gin." " * Was he a bachelor V "' No, sah. He wus a marr'd man, an' his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'ter tha* night.' "' Strange!' "' Yaas, boss, pow'ful strange. Jn' when de banker what bed de mortgage on de place kim hyar for his money he foun' blood on de flo', sha, blood on de walls, blood on de hyarth 1 Den a fambly fum Gyafton dey moved in, but dey moved out er-gin, quicker'n quick.' "' Why ?' "' Yo'll fin' out why ef yo' stay heah twell mawnin'*' "' Fiddlesticks 1 Here, take your mon67 and come back to-morrow.' He thanked me sombrely and went hii way. " The dusk grew on. The clouJs trailed low over the limitless sweep of treeless prairies. The winds went whudderiug round and round the hoiise. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on the panes. I partook of my supper, then drawiag my chair before the fire untii a late hour. The clock was on ihe stroke of twelve when I went to bed. The light of the fire made the room as light aa though I had left my lamp still burning. I lay with my face turned towards tbe farther wall. Suddenly I saw the shadows of a maa and woman on its white, unbroken surface. I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round the apartment. It was empty—empty; but It in an occult way. I watched tbe phantom pair—watched them with a nameless fear and fascination. The man was tall, slender, straight as an Indian arrow. He were a sombrero and a cloak, the corners of wuich were thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly on his breast. His attitude bespoke pride, scorn, ferocity. The woman wa3 kneeling at his feet, with bowed bead and fingers locked. "Tbe man finally turned away with m haughty air. The woman rose to her feet, reeled for a moment, and followed him— followed him swiftly with open, outstretched, hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger in ber heart. " The flames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. " I sprang from my bed and lit the lamp. ' I must have been dreaming,' I remarked to myself; but the strange, unearthly vision came again ai{d again, n : ght after night— came when I was as wideawake as I am at the present moment— came when I was alone and when I had the companionship of friends. " I am no spiritist, no believer in the supernatural, but I am puzzled by the phenomenon of which I speak. A phenomenon that has finally driven me from my ranch. I shall never return to it." He turned his face to the car window as he spoke, and looked dreamily out at the eternal beauty of the sod and sky. A young man having remarked that the sight of certain fruit made his mouth water, an old toper who stood by exclaimed • " Well! if there's anything that'll make my mouth water, 1 don't want to see it F' " What's an island V asked the teacher of a school, of the class in geography. "The Island is where they send Tim Failey's father when he gets drunk," answered the head boy. A youilg Wife, who had married a physician and was much given to boasting of her husband's wonderful professional skill, said to a circle of friends one day: " Why ! he cured a patient of convalescetict in less than twenty-four hours i r ' Couldn't be Otherwise-—" look ? look I" said the prosecuting attorney in his speech to the jury, "at that man. He is the very epitome of a villain, a smooth face, a smooth tongue, a smooth manner, a—" " Of course," interrupted the prisoner's counsel, " the man couldn't be otherwise than smooth. He was ironed before he came into court." Equal Sauce and Solid-—"You see,' said an English gentleman, who was handling his dinner with a wonderful appetite, to a Scotchman dining at the same table. " I take a great deal of butter to my fish." " Ay," said the Scotchman." an' a deevilish deal o' fish to your butter, too 1" "What does p. d. q. mean, pa?" asked little Johnny, who is quick at picking up things he shouldn't. " It means the way you will go upstairs to bed," replied old Brown, " if I hear another word out of you the whole evening." He (making a long call)—" What a very odd- looking clock, Miss Smith. Is it an heirloom ?" SHE (suppressing a yawn)—" Oh, no ; it is a recent purchase of papa's. He has a penchant for such things. I was about to call your attention to it." A Wise Provision. — Two old men lamenting the changes that have taken place. FIRST OLD MAS (sadly)—" I cannot enjoy myself now as I could when I was a boy. I can't eat half as much." SECOND OLD MAX—««I cannot eat as much now as I could when I was a boy, but I regard that as rather a wise provision." "Why so 2" " Because I haven't as much to eat.' : 