Music in Sydney. THE FOLI CONCERTS. As was to b6 expected, the fame of the first performance of the Foli Concert Company spread rapidly during yesterday and Tuesday, with the result of more than doubling the attendance at the second concert given hist evening. The idea seems to prevail that special artists who come irom j^ngxana are not to oe looted for in Australia until their voices are faded and not far from worn out, so that what we hear in the colonies are hardly more than the ghosts of the have been. New, however, experience has proved Signor Foil's voice to* be as rich and sonorous as ever, and also that in Mr. Orlando Harley we have one whose voice has all the fresh ness of young manhood. It is, therefore, in no way surprising to find considerable excitement existing among our music lovers, and that there is every indication of a probability of the remainder of the concerts being attended by overflowing audiences' No artists could desire more enthusiastic welcome and recog nition than were accorded both to Signor Foli and Mr. Harley on this occasion ; indeed their com plaisance was taxed to the utmost in the matter of encores, for the audience seemed as if it could not have too much of either of the bass or the tenor. Signor Foli opened grandly with a noble aria from Gounod's' La Seine deSaba/' and altogether surpassed hie efforts of Monday evenine: by his passionate singing of this ' She Alone Charmeth my Sadness.' It was indeed a fine performance, and its merits were fully appreciated. Of course an encore had at length to be conceded after three recalls had been responded to, indeed the impres sive delivery of the final cadence ending upon the low' E, and the distinctness with which the words were, enunciated even upon the extremest low notes, would alone have created a strong desire to hear more of the singer. The ' Bedouin Love Song ' was the extra contribution, and here the vocal tones triumphed effectively over even the excessive loud ness of Mr.Sykes'saccompaniment. Excepting, how ever, for the tendency to play too powerfully, and for the habit of playing the preludes and inter ludes at greatly accelerated speed, as if they formed no necessary part of the compositions, Mr. Sykes played the accompaniments exceptionally welL Signor Foli's next effort was in Scott Gatty's ' True Tiil Death,' which was de claimed with great vigor, and the encore for it resulted in an equally forceful rendering of .? Blew ! Blow ! Thou Winter Wind.' The old Ger man drinking song, ' In Cellar Cool,' was given in a style which may be considered peculiar to Signor Foli himself, and one which it will hardly be wise for other vocalists to attempt to imitate. This was also re-demanded, but an encore was not granted on this occasion, as Signor Foli plainly intimated that he was not wishful to tax his voice beyond reason, it being evident that the keen wind of the last day or two had not failed to affect his throat. Mr. Orlando Harley made an even deeper im pression than on Monday ; indeed he is evidently regarded as an attraction hardly, if at all, inferior to the ' star ' basso himself. His ringing upper noteB (especially the high B fiat) told with fine effect in ' The Star of Bethlehem,' and again in ' Come into the Garden, Maud,' which, he sang with rare grace of expression. Twice he was en cored, andinresponsehesang 'LaDonnae Molsile' with exceptional refinement of style and phrasing, and the popular ballad, ' Annie Laurie ' (this, by the way in the unusually high key of F), the. neatness of his singing of this last piece having the effect of causing a determined effort to encore the encore itself. As may be imagined this was not conceded, but the expression of desire was a compliment well merited by the artist. Mr. W. J. Barker was as effective and artistic as ever in his brilliant harp solo (John Thomas's 'Autumn,'} and had to play a second piece. Miss Emilia Wood played the first movement of Chopin's Piano Concerto in E minor, Bach's ' Chromatic Fantasia,' and the Liszt — Paganini etude ' La Campanella,' but her selec tions were such as are hardly suitable to a build ing of the size of the Centennial Hall, and in con sequence :they somewhat failed in effect, though their execution was practically faultless. Mr. Lemmone produced some clever effects in Terschak's flute solo 'Alpine Echoes,' and also contributed an obligate -to Millard's ' Waiting ' — an addition somewhat inge niously constructed by himself. This song was well rendered by Miss Bertha Bossow, although her Binging of the Polacca from Goring Thomas's 'Esmeralda' Was strangely weak and inadequate. Madame Pechotsch sang with care ful expression Watson's *' Unlinked ' and Sulli van's ' Let Me Dream Again,' and her contribu tions would have been still more acceptable had the audience been better able to distinguish the words of the text. Mr. Barker accompanied these songs and the flute solo. N.G.B'' 