STRAY JOTTINGS A Bill has been introduced in the United States Senate prohibiting Chinese labourers from entering or remaining in the country. That is the kind of measure we want in West Australia. * * * * We find, says a Sydney paper, that 520 persons hold one-half of the a lienated lands of this colony to-day, and it is the far more valuable half that they hold, too. One private firm—Dalgety & Co.—holds no less than 7½ million acres of the public estate of New South Wales, and 18 banks and similar institutions have the grip on nearly 40 million acres more. Absentee Sir Samuel Wilson holds by lease and license 2,714,069 acres of Crown lands—including the famous Dunlop estate—for which he does not pay, on the average, l½d. per acre per annum. The whole of this business is rotten throughout Australia, and it is about time some true patriot came forward to re-echo Michael Davitt's thundering roar, -"The Land for the People!" And we find this large pawnbroking concern of Dalgety & Co. have had their clerk, Mr. Hooley, elevated to our West Australian House of Lords. * * * * De Quincy, the opium eater, was haunted in his delirium with the vision of a Mongolian, who came smilingly to his door one day. Innocent and harmless at first, the tranquil face of the obsequious Mongol deepened into dark, hideous lines of demoniacal visage, that ever after, with increasing horror, took shape in the dreams of the opium-eater, until he used to rise screaming from his bed and cry, " I'll sleep no more." So ever comes the Mongolian smilingly and obsequiously at first; then menacingly and overpower- iugly, till assuming complete mastery of our modes of life—life becomes intolerable. * * * * Walter James says that he has " nailed his colours to the mast." We are sorry for him, for the mast is very rotten and the colours very dirty, and the fair-minded public don't want either anyway. The man who has to hoist sectarian colours in order to gain political notoriety must be in a bad way and badly wants a kind friend to take care of both his body and soul. Unless the youthful lawyer-politician wants what he calls " Australian History " to repeat itself in W.A., he will at once burst up the mast and quietly bury it in its gory colours. Lawyers, as a rule, don't make religious figureheads of themselves—they leave that kind of thing to their clients and reap the profits silently with a quiet chuckle. W.A. is, moreover, too small to support a Parkes of its own, and we have no Kiama, and the religious ghost can't be raised successfully anyhow. If Moorehead was a priestly nominee, Geraldton was sufficiently intelligent to tell him so effectually without the aid of masts and colours from Perth. Every true friend of free- dom in Perth must regret that so promising a public man as lawyer James has dropped from the position of universal favorite to that most contemptible of all characters — a champion of religious politics. * * * * Which reminds us what people will do with religion if only for paltry " honours" or notoriety. Shortly before the recent Municipal contests, say in Patagonia, a certain gentleman who was hungering aud thirsting to hear his own barkings at the classic aldermanic board, and who is by no means one of the good-young- man- that-died sort of cusses, decided to cut out his popular opponent of the same religious persuasion by becoming a member of a projected and worthy association of all the sects and so, by becoming a "cosmopolitan" religionist, bid for the mixed vote. However, by the time the election came off, somebody hauled him back by his hair or coat tails or something, and with this pious subsidence, subsided, no doubt, the voting power intended to be hooked by the shallow artifice, for he was badly beaten by several large acres and a big bit. * * * * An " Observer " from Northam (a sober one we hope) writes to the morning paper pointing his prophetic linger at Mr. Parker as the coming Premier in "a few mouths," because that hesitating politician seconded Mr. Canning's amendment for partial reform. " Mr. Parker" he contends "might have foiled his (Mr. Canning's) hands knowing full well that the mover would be defeated, and have saved himself from a good deal of adverse comment." Now THE PEOPLE thinks that it was because Mr. Parker was sure of Mr. Canning's defeat that he voted as he did, for if he valued reform in the least, he would, as the "recognised" leading opponent and rival of Sir John Forrest, have moved and not seconded this matter—for Mr. Canning would, in the interest of the question, have deferred to him on the matter, as one likely to carry more power against the Government. THE PEOPLE has consistently looked upon Mr. Parker as a bogus liberal and, as such, an undesirable man in the house, and it laughs consumedly at the bare idea of such a spineless man ever leading anything or anybody except his own volatile conceit. We are of the same opinion regarding Stephen Henry as was Mr. Creer, M.P. in the House of Commons, when he declared that it was indisputably evident that delegate Parker was " sailing under false colours " before the Select Committee. After having studied him for 12 months, we again second that proposition or whatever it is, and furthermore, believe that, when the time comes, it will be carried unanimously by everybody except a few mole-eyed " observers " at Northam and York and —Ballyhooley. * * * * A correspondent writes: " When a distinct charge of bribery and corruption at election time is made against a member as it has been against Mr. Simpson, should he not be compelled to explain away the charge, or failing that, should not the Government take action and appoint a select committee to investigate these un- contradicted charges? Surely there can be found some private member courageous enough to rise in his place in the House and have this matter investigated at once. It certainly looks exceedingly "fishy" to see so much silence on the part of the member implicated." * * * Standing ad. from the West Australian: WANTED. -GOOD SHORTHAND WRITER for temporary engagement on a newspaper in this colony. Apply with testimonials to REPORTER, G.P.O., Perth. We trust this is not the outcome of a paragraph in THE PEOPLE with regard to the universally-despised and much-flogged party who represents the " highly respectable" West in the Legislative Assembly. If so we are afraid we are in for a libel action and heavy damages or something from the ostracised party. Keep him on Mr. Hackett—we retract and apologise; spare him!—for we wont. * * * * We are pleased to be able to congratulate Mr. Lane our City Rate Collector on the appreciation which his services have met with in the shape of a substantial increase of salary with an allowance for fodder for his horse. This concession should enable Mr. Lane to devote the whole of his time to the service of the Council and relieve him from competition with private interests and business firms who, as rate-payers, contribute to his salary. In any case, it is straining privilege to use the offices of the Council for private interests which clash with firms in this city who pay high rents and receive no subsidy in the prosecution of their legitimate business. For cool audacity it -would be liard to " pack" the paragraph in Thursday's J\~c:e.i regarding what it terms the " paper war " over the Geraldton election. Ihe 2\ews was actually the instigator of tha " sectarian feeling" which it pretends to deplore, for it opened tire in a leading article when. Geraldton was serenely •quiet, and before, or contemporaneous with, Mr. Walter James' stupid epistle to a " friend " at the Bay. That initial attempt on the part of the News to bolster up Si mpson's candidature, was condemned by the Victorian Express, but the arlicle paved the way, nevertheless, for the succeeding sectarian warfare which culminated in a most unwise and intemperate ecclesiastical "denunciation" after the defeat of Moor head. The conduct of the Daily News deserves the most severe condemnation from the impartial public for its latest attempt to stir up religious discord and to champion a man who endeavoured to stab in the dark and become a politico-religious Guy Fawkes iu a peaceful community. Doubtless, it is the consciousness of the New* that it has been at the root of this dastardly affair, winch impels it now to brazen out the matter and assume a virtue which it never had, and does not possess nor desire to attain. The man who wrote the leading article referred to was a double-dyed knave, but a small one iu comparison to the writer of last Thursday's paragraph. # # * # A matter which most materially affects -a large body of workers in Fremantle lias recently come to light. As most people are aware, the British India boats trading here, such as the Saludin and AustraHnU scarcely ever employ white labour iu the receival or discharge of cargo in Fremantle or the Northern ports, on account -of the cheap coloured labour with which their boats are over-manned. The Adelaide Steamship Company are now profiting by the force of exampleor competition, for they have introduced the thin edge •of the alien-labour wedge into their local economy. The Rob Boy, trading between Cossack and other northern ports, has now a compliment of Chinese for a crew, and it is feared that emboldened by the lethargy of local public opinion on this •question, the Company-will shortly extend this dangerous innovation on our coast. We believe that the Federated Seamen's Unions iu the East are to be communicated with at once upon this urgent matter, which will also probably be discussed at the projected meeting next week in Freinantle. # # # # We regret that we shall have to go to press before the following question on the Parliamentary notice paper for to-day (Friday) can be answered by the Premier: 1\. Mr. Quiuhm : To ask the Premier what uumber ot' Chinese shipped on the s.s. Auztvaliud oil her last trip to West Australia, under the Imported Labour liegistry Act, aud the uumber consigned to the specified ports or towns in the colony from that shipment, with their destinations.' All we know is, that 12 Chinese were landed iu Fremautle the week before last from the Australind, which certainly does not tend to support Sir John's recent assertion that those aliens rarely find their way to the .southern parts of the province direct from -China. * * * • No less than four persons, one a woman, were hoard to be asking their friends at the Kacecourse if the editor of tho debauched publication at the port could be found anywhere on the course. The woman liad long nails and a big husbandbeater and a cough, and the men had longer sticks and biggwr knuckles and several oaths all ready for aciive Bervice— but the much-flogged pressman didn't go to the races and so escaped another bad public advertisement. But the outraged ones are bound to "get there just the same," some day—even if they have to ask Speaker Steere's permission to interview the insulter of women and little girls in the Importer's Gallery of the Assembly which is his principal Perth address—although it ought not to be and wouldn't be only for the West Australian,. # # # A debating class of coloured Ciceros once discussed the highly important question, "Is it proper lor a culler'd gcueltnan ter dance wid de culler'd lady who am his lawful wife r" It was a hot debate all round, some powerful language and quite a u umber ot chairs, spitoons and lablo-legs being used ou both sides, but the President linalLy quelled the storm and said—*' De result oU our very friendly and anermated ' concussion * dis ebeniug am dat while it am proper for a culler'd genelman ter dauce wid de culler'd lady who am his lawful wife, dar can't be half ez much fun iu it ez when he shazzeys rouu' wid a lady who am no relation to him whateher." * W » * Sydney is just now having an epeiemic of public ana private immorality, one of the very latest cases embroiling a member of the Assembly. The revealations cover a large scope in the Sydney papers, and have wound up with a select committee to test the member's fitnessto sit any longer with the highly moral crowd vrho make and t br«ik the laws of the infant nation. Something similar to the above Darktown debaters verdict would apply to the matter of this Sydney M.P. doing the " Cup " with a lady partner, who wasn't his wife, but passed as such. It seems that the giddy member, Mr. Black, had a desire to visit Melbourne, and knowing that he would be a sort of " innocent abroad," ho took a lady friend with him. Knowing also that the country was indebted to him to tho extent of a free pass or two, for patriotic services rendered to Parliament, he made enquiries as to how bis application should be worded, and was then told by certain other "honourable members " (Brutus was an honourable man, but nor & membah) that it was the usual custom for honourable members (with the accent 011 the " honourable ") to make application for passes for their wives, no matter whether tho ladies referred to were in any way related to the honourable gentlemen or not. This is a very refreshing explanation indeed, and it would be interesting to know what the real wives of those particularly honourable gentlemen think about the matter. Many honourable members are frequently called away on " pressing business" (rather a neat term that), but after Mr. Black's revealations their lawful wives will take every care that they should hold tho pass; not that they doubt their honourable husbands' honourable intentions in the least, but merely as a guarantee of good faith, and by way of making sure that the " pressing " is confined to business matters solely. # # # * By the 72nd section of Electoral Act, a candidate invalidates his election who, within 12 hours previous to nomination, and up to tho close of the poll, personally solicits the vote of an elector. Now, it appears Mr. Harper, the Beverley candidate and part proprietor of the West Australian, through his newspaper has quite effectively made up for tho personal solicitation, by permitting the insertion of letters and commentaries as if from the locality, clearly written in the advocacy of Mr. Harper's candidature and flinging mud at Mr. Pyke, calling him a quondam l'ork Scavenger. This disreputable conduct of the JFesi Australian more potentially than personal solicitation contravenes this section of the Act, and should be noticed by the Government. 