Why Did He Love Her? CHAPTER XXX (Continued). "I am not informed of his opinion," re- plied Mrs. Borkely," but we can hope on, my child. Can you not return with me to the Vale. All the members of my family are anxious to welcome you among us. You can come or send every day to learn how Claude progresses, and we will do all in our power to render you contented." "Youare too good to me; but I will prove to you how sensible I am of the kind ness extended to me at this time, when I need it. But I cannot return with you to night. It grows late, and I shall have much packing to do." " Cousin Carrie will come for you herself, for she is anxious to bear you from those she is convinced are unfriendly to you. She bade me to say that henceforth you are to look to her, as to an elder sister, for every thing you need. Her fortune is ample, and the friendship she has long cherished for Claude gives her the right to assume the place he has so long filled toward you." Isola had suspected the interest with which Miss Carleton regarded Fontaine, and she comprehended that to extend kind ness to'the orphan he had loved as his child would be a solace to her heart. She replied to this offer with so much feeling that Mrs. Berkely felt more tenderly toward her than she had done before. After a long conversation - their plans w--rre-m r ea--;iT?ifthe~edcr nlady arose to leave. Dr. Sinclair had forbidden all ac cessto hispatient, who was confined to the two rooms he had occupied. So Mrs. Ber kely was compelled to leave the house without seeing Fontaine. Cazsar and Aggy watched over their master, who was never violent with them. Isola had the grief of learning from them thather name was never mentioned byhim; that no wish to see her again passed his lips. When the carriage containing her old friend drbve away, Isola ascended to her own room, with a feeling of desolation in her heart at the (hought of leaving the house which had so long been a happy home to her. When Isola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins were built, and informed them that she had come to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expressions of re gret and attachment affected her. Escap ing from the blessings that were showered on her she rode back to the house, to find the Senora awaiting her return on the piazza with anexpression of anger on her face. As Isola ascended the steps, she ad dressed her; "You have taken a strange liberty in ordering that horse to be saddled for your self, Miss-I hardly know what to call you, since you have no rig'ht to the name you have so long borne. Sclim is now the pro perty of my niece, and I have ordered that it shall be kept for her exclusive use." By this time Isola had become accus tomed.to the insolent speeches which were addressed to her by this impcri'us woman, and she replied: "I no longer claim anything here, ma dam; but Savella would not object to my riding, for the last time, the horse which has been so long considered as my own. Cease your insults, for to-morrow I leave the home which has so long sheltered me, driven from it by your uncivil treatment." "Leave La Fontaine I Where will you go !" "Ihave promised Mrs. Derkely to take up my abode at the Vale. Since I am ba nished from the presence of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now he is unable to protect me, I shall go to the friend whose heart and home are open to me." " To depend on her, I suppose," she re plied; " with such a lady as you are, any thing will be better than working for your living, though I'll wager anything those you lawfully belong to have to work hard enough for theirs." To this vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no reply. She went up to her apartment, to indulge her repressed emotions in a hearty cry. The Senora bad left Savella under the surveillance of Summerton, while aha awaited Isola's return, for the purpose of giving her what she called a piece of her mind, for the impudence in ordering Selim without her permission. During all these weeks the strictness of her watch over her niece had not relaxed, for she dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. She sought Savella's room, in which she and Summerton were sitting, and whis pered in his ear. The two went out leav ing Savella alone, but taking the precaution to lock tihe door on the outside, unsuspi cious of the pantomime that was perform ing within. When they disappeared, the girl jumped up and sprang toward the window. A handkerchief was waved from it, a thread lowered to a which a letter was fastened, and an answering signal came from the woodland, to assure her that Phillip was on the watch. When the handkerchief was waved, Philip waited till nightfall, came to the rosebush below the. window, disengaged the missive, and placed one for Savella on the thread, which escaped even the glance of the Cerberns who watched over her. While this was passing, the Senora drew Summerton into her apartment, closed the door, and said: "I have warned you more than once that" _yn~n riotion .had fiiled in its effect. In, place of hurting her, it seems to agree with lIer, and-now she is escaping from us alto gether." Alter deliberating a moment; Summeiton said: " If it were not for the will I would let her go. ButFontaine will not last many months, and we cannot afford to give her ten thousand dollars that lawfully belong to us. Are you sure that she has drunk the water!' I have made the infusion stronger th'an the first, and it seems strange it no longer affects her." "Ihave found means to look into her chamber every morning, and the pitcher is i always partly emptied. That proves that she uses it; you must have given me some- . thing that is harmless." . "As if I should do such a thing 1" he re- i lorted "I believe now that she pours. out a portion of the water to make yoU believe she has drunk is. If such is the case, you must risk everything sooner than permit her to leave this house alive. How can we manage to give her what will effectually put an endto.her claims on any portion of the estate we have fairly earned for our! selves !" The Senora rapidly said: " Of late she often has her tea sent to her own room. To-night she will do so, for Sshe is now crying because she is going away. I can put the powder in the sugar. She must die before another day dawns safely. Your skill can produco the symp' toms of some sudden and fatal disease?" " Oh.yes. The house has been recently painted, and she shall die of.what painters call lead colic. I shall say the delicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join the angels. Nobody can contradict us, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." There was somethlling diabolical in the . coolness with which this was uttered. se morse was unknown to'the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. Sithe rapidly said: " That will do'; bring me the death war rant, for I am impatient to make all safe bygetting into the dining-room unobserved." Summerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering-white powder, the deadly qualities of which had been con Sdesed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Iloselli descended the staircase, and, after a passing glance into the dining-rcom to ascertain if it was empty, she glided in. Tihe supper-table was set, and a cup and saucer of fine blue china, which Isola al ways drank her tea from. To drop,. the powder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noiso lessly as she had entered. She went up to Savella, who was revolv ing in her brain the means of effecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her eoverything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could manage to evade lher aunt and join him at their old trysting-place. Supper'was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an excuse from her young lady; she had a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent up to her. With unblushing cheek the Nemesis pre pared the liquid, and placed it on the waiter. She insisted' on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after lher headache went off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savella seemed in better spirits than she had been in of late. Through the servants she had heard of Isola's intended departuire, and when supper was over she said: "I must go up and, see Isola ; it seems hard to be turned out of the home she has so long been taught to look upon -as her own; but the evil spirits that have' gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we must let her do so." "You can bid her adieu," said Summer ton, "but the warning voice which hass spoken to you has forbidden you to claim lher as your friend." She shuddered and changed colour. " She can never be my friend, for I shrink from her with fear since . that dreadful nighlt in Uncle: Claude's room. But I'll bid lher good-bye.' "I cannot let her go without that. You need not come with me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go -to Isola's room." Night had fallen; the Senora knew it' would be impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey,' and she was per' milltted to ascend alone. Instead of going to Isola; she noiselessly flitted into her room, threw up the window, and drew up a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, with the light of love shining from her eyes. .,One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you iill find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met. I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me: again.: Come to me Savella, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I will come," she said; and a few hur ried lines were dashed off, sealed, and low ered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com munication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her knock received no reply and she went in. Isola was sitting beside the fire in her dressing-robe, with her heir falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, and her hlead was resting against the high back of the chair. She was colourless, and seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savella sprang toward lier, exclaiming: " Good heavens I Isola, what can be' ihe matter with you? -Yon look as if you are dying." "I believe I am," she said. "I sent Celia down toher supper, and 'soon after ward I was seized with so violent a pain in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed' as quickly as possible, Summon Celia tome." I Savella pulled. the bell cord, and in a few moments Celia came in, looking frightened. -When she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. Ct Oh, Miss Savella, what can have comeb over her since I went down stairs? -She said she felt better after drinking her iea,. Whatisit, Missy :: "I don't know-1 feel il all ori." Pot me in bed, Celia, and send some dne for Dr. SThe two girls lifted her in their arms and -placed her on the bed: tOn !leer aplpearance Sravella hurried from the. rooim, to inform her aiunt thatIsolauiwas ill; iliht 'soething must be done for her at once, hopingi tlat this attack might makesa diversion in her own favour. senora toselli went to see Isola's condi tionlierself. Slhelooked upon the face so changed within the last hour. 'Already the livid huoof denatli seemed 'selling over it, and her senses had so failed her that she was unconscious of what was passing around her. Celia was -wriiging her hands, and exclaiming: " Oh, what shall I do Slhe tole me to sen' for do doctor, an' I must do it now; for el he's not hero soon my dear Missy will die." "Hush that uproar," said the Senora. . . . . . . . . . .. . .. "It ?. useless to send for Dr. BlncalsI sol or she will be past help before he couldget here. Mr. Summerton is as good a physel alan as he is-ask him to come up and see what can be done for her." Celia left the room to seek Summertoa, and the Nemesis bent over her victim to ascertain how long life might linger in the frame she had doomed to destruction. " The Senora's breath came in quick gasps, and she became paler than the half-lifeless eing on the couch beside her. Unable to sustain herself she sank on a chair, and sat trembling before the conviction that arose within her mind. Simmnerton obeyed her summons; but when he entered the chamber and saw the changed face of his aeconplice, he started back in dismay. He asked: " What has happened to unnerve you so? Put off that look before the girl returns, or it inay betray all." "Look there," she said in a whisper. "What of that?" he asked. '"It seems that she is marked with red wine. Come- this will never do; you look as if you had seen a ghost." " So I hare," was the reply; i the ghost of the past., The girl must not dis-save her." "Have you lost your senrses?' he asked. ,, Why should I save her when you doomed her?" • She placed her lips close to his ear, and breathled a few words into it.' His face changed as he listened, but he answered: "Evre if this be true, it should but con firm you in your purpose." "No=?- tell you. no ! I am a hard woman, I know; lint this crime I dare not perpetrate. I tell you she shall not die. IWe can otherwise dispose of her. +'But how?" " Leave thato after eonsideration Act now; I insist upon it. There is an antidote; use all your skill to sae' her, or-I kunow what I-may do." "'Is that a threat?' .. " Understand it as you please; but my, will shall be yours. Refuse, and I will send for Dr. Sinclair. .He. will comprehed all, and who will be held answerable? .I .will save myself by criminating you. There- -you know me-to work, for no time is to be lost." Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerton said: '"I will do your bidding; but if your sus picions are true, she will' give us much trouble hereafter." I do not act on suspicion, but on a cer tainty. Hasten for your: antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will not be well for you." Summorton ordered Celia to bring warme water, and in a few moments he. returned, bringing the antidote to the deadly agent lie lhad used in preparing his subtle-mes senger of death. % The lips of Isola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her throat; her chilling limbs ,were rubbed with flannels wrung from warm water. . The Senora seemed nevem to weary in her efforts to restore her, and Summerton used all his skill to undo what they had done At length tile purple line left Isola's lips and hands ; her eyes opened,' but with a shudder she closed them as they fell' tpon the Senora. "What hals happened to me?" ,she asked. "I feel like one just rescued from death." - Aggy rushed to her side, and said. " An' so you is, my darlin'. VEl it hadn't been for. the -Snory an' Mr. Snumm'rton, you'd a been ,id de angels by dis time."' "I have been so ill; anid thely have aided me ?"-she murmured. " It seems impos sible. " . "Why so, Isola?" asked Summerton. " Savella found you here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous efhluvi arising from the paint whlich hassbeen used- on the .house- Fortunately I -knew What remedies to apply; you lhave been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life, to the efforts of Senora Ioselli and myself.'.' : - ."Then I must thank you," she feebly said; "but I am too weak to talk muchl." "Nor is it desirable you should do so. Yol must now rest," replied Sunmnerton, and after giving onie :directions to' Aggy, who was to remain with"her till morning, the two confederates left' the room -to gether. Isola was too much exzhausted. to thinlk, though she was in a state- of bewilderment as to their conduct towards her. .When she first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused Ithem of having effected their ends by destroying her, yet to their efforts she we ass ared she owedy-her life. . " . But she soon fell asleep, and 'at a late hour of the following morning .she was aroused bya- commotion in the house in ,which the name of Savella was repeated.' CHAPTER XXXI. TE ELOPEs . T. SSavella remained in the chamber of Isola till her aunt assured her that the patient jwould recover.: She watched Senora R.6 selli and: Summerton with a puzzlced'ex. pression as they moved aroun'd the couch of the sick girl, and showed earnest solidi tudeforher recovery. - -- - Ignorant as she was of their diabolical intention to rid themselves of her,- Savells was aware that they cherished a feeling of hostility towards the adopted child of- Fon Staine; and she was at a loss to comprehend the source of the anxiety her aunt mani tested in her restoration. When assured thllat Isola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to her own affairs, and she resolved to avail herself of the opportunity her aunt's preoccupation afforded her to make her escape to her lover. She said to her: ""lasm sleepy; I shall retire,-and Cellia canstay in my room if you are unwilling to leave me alone." SThe girl was nodding in a corner: and Savella thought she would prove but an in. different guard. The Senore answered: " You can take Celia with you; the door is looked on the outside, and you can go through this room into your own." SSavella smiled, for she had found means Sto slip out an'bserved, and turn the key; in spite of her anxiety about Isola, the s. nora had not been oblivious of the safety -o 