THE BABIES IN OUR BLOCK. ? - - - ? ! Two hundred and Fifty Babies Crying Together. Extension of the Prahran Creche. ' Two hundred and fifty babies; ob my 1 1 ' Do they ever all cry together J ' . It was the mayor of Prahran, who,' at the instigation of a reporter, asked the latter question, nnd the answer came laughingly, ' Sometimes tlicy do, sir.' The reporter was assisting at the pleasant function of opening the extensions to the I rranran crecnv, in wuicn me mayor was to play the part of Hamlet, aod the reporter a sort of dark stay-in-thc corner kind of ghost; and be felt decidedly nervous when he realized that he and lbe mayor were the only two men folks in an assem blage of the charity and fashion of Prahran— and of (only think of it) 250 babies. The additions to which reference is made consist oE a large playroom and a dormitory, together wilh several minor alterations and additions lo Ihe premises some time since purchased by the com mittcc of lbe Crcchc in Princcs-strect . They have co*t £131, which, wilh £450 due before on thi principal buildings, makes a total indebtedness of £5S4, which, this excellent institution has to sustain. By-and-bye, amiable Mrs. Ucnnick im parted the information that over 2000 children were taken in nnd eared for during last year, at;d that the number will j probably l»c largely in cxccss of lhat this ' year. When it is remembered that but for lbe Crcchc these children would have to be left , in the care of other childrcu while ih&r; mothers ucrj at work, it will be realised how ufeful the institution is. And Mrs. Rennick further tells the reporter that the | fees bave increase 1 threefold. | The children— 2lean, fierh looking, with i nicely combed locks and clean frocks and pinaforcB, play about quietly among the ever increasing throng of visitors, to whom Mrs. Fuller and Mrs. Osment arc dispensing the delicacies of the tea table; while Mrs. Rennick, nnd the MUses Dixon, Conway and E, Ellis nrc doing a trade in the ! disposal of the gifts 1- ft from the last sale, j The children look on in evident wonder ment at finding their quiet nursery invaded by so many folks. Then Mayor Maddock m:ikis a few kindly remuks iu declaring tbe extensions open. He points out thni the building is erected for use rather than ornament, but that the visitors can combinc to make it more attractive and comfortable for the little ones ; he mentions that 250 children are brought from day to day lo the Crcchc to be taken care of, nnd, urging the necessity for help to reduce the debt on the building, and to furni&h; the institution with all necessaries, be copcludcs with a wi*h that the influence of the institution on the lives of these children may be all that is good. Then the tea-cups rattle again, the hum of voiccs resumes, the 'donation box dole fully chinks with its constantly iocicasiug weight of silver, nnd the reporter Folds up bis no'.es like tlie Arab, And siljutly stca',8 away. 