? Why Did He Love Her? OHiPTER XXI (Continued). Isolo made effortB to while him from his sadnass, but she saw that sho failed, though ho made an effort to talk as usual. One morning, on parting from her, he Baid: " I must soon claim you again. I oan- . not live without you much longer, and it is my resolve to keop you undor my own roof." His expression WBB BO strange, so different from his ordinary one, that leola looked at him in surprise. " Nothing opposes luy return, father, and if you miss me so much I will go back with you now. I am so much better that I no longer need the cars that has been lavished on me." " No, no—not yet—not yet. Domain at the Vale till you aro stronger, for—" He kissed her brow, and otfering his thanks to Miss Carleton for her kindness to his ohild, mounted liis horse and rode away. Both wero slruck with hiB preoccupied manner, and a tear fell on the beart of Miss Carleton that some weight was pressing on hisboart. She would not believe him capable of crime ; if evil had been done,- he must have been the victim with the brothor who had so mysteriously perished, and. sho felt the certainty that Senora Boselli was cogniBantof what had occurred in Italy; that. Bho had participated in the seoneB which had loft such an impression of sadness on Fontaine. That this woman came tp his house for any-good pnrposo she could nit beiisve, but she was far from suspecting the turpitude whioh those two hypoorites wero consummating. On tho night after isola's departure, Fontaine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into the state of his affairs prepaparatory to making bis will. A rise in tobacco had enabled his merchant to sell his last crop at a high price, and the proceeds, amounting to ten thousand dollars, he intonded to settle on Isola. If he lived ho would bo able to do more for her; if he died, or lost his reason, Savolla would come into possession of bis eBtate as the lawful heir. Celia, who had waited on Isola from her childhood, ho would give to her, and a draft of the will he intended to make lay on the table. His head was bont over a column of figures, when he was startled by a shook. Then three raps from beneath tho table and the voico so long unheard breathed almost in his ear; " Claude, I am beside you. I must tell you how happy I am that you have cent from you the rival of iny child. Let her slay from beneath this roof, lor her presence isacurssto it." Fontaine was unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restored to him full self possession. He exclaimed: .Fell and evil 6pirit, for such I now know you to be, avaunt! I refuse to obey your dictate B. Leave my house unpollutod by your accursed presencB !" ' " Claude ! beware of speaking thuB, for I possess the power of life and doath over her and you. Did you not feel tbo touch of my fingers ? I oould as easily have struck you senseless had I chosen to do. so. Take my ohild to your heart; make her the heiress of all—all you POSSESS, and I will leave you in'peace. Act otherwise, and I will fil .your house with such devilish revelry that you will be glad to come to terms." It was Henry Fontaine's voice that sounded in bis car; but the listener folt that his brother's nature must have become warpBd in the spirit-land to speak thus. And he firmly Baid: " An evil demon has obtained power over ine through my own. fratricidal act; but that yon aro Henry Fontaino I will never believe unless I haveoccular demonstration to that ellect. If I see you with my eyes, I may believe their evidence; nothing leES will convince me." " Ho.l" laughed the sfleaker, "with you, seeing is believing is it ? Well—you shall have that proof. So impalpable a presenoe as a ghost must float out upon tho darkness, his form rayed forth through the power bestowod on him in tbo spirit-world. If you can bear the sight, I promise to rendor myself visible to you." Fontaine exolaimed: " Let me seo you this moment, I will extinguish the lamp," and he put out his hand to remove the shade. 'The voioe Bpoko as if receding from him: " Not yet, Claude. The sight would madden your brain; for when I do come, it will be as you last saw mc—dying byyour hand, Can you bear that?" Fontaine.sank down, pale as the dead. Ho shuddered, and putting out his hand, Baid; " Go away, for God's sake ! Once beforo your presence near me nearly drove me to suioide. Persist in coming to me and I Bhall lose roason. If you aro my brothor, .'you will leave me to bear my burden in Buch pedco as I now may find." ' Again that thrilling touch sent its electric shiver through his veins, and the departing .voice said; \- " Adieu. I leave you at your command; but, if you pay no respect to my-wishes, I shall make my presence felt by you again.'! \-- Three raps' filled, the room with their, echoes, and Cjssar appeared iii the doorway, with a scared"face, and faltered...'^ ' "Was yon a knockiri' for mc, mai'Ee Claudo ? -1 were goin' through .de' ball, an' : he'erd de noise, an'. I thought you .was taken sick and waiited suHih'." .;' . -'J „- .. •:':..; :' Fontaine lifted his r.-bito face, lioiv 'stern with anger, and quickly aBked: . . ....... How long have 'you 1 been.' near thatdoor? Have you overheard anything ex-: oeptthe.raps?-' . .. Fo'dehrcssed Lord, I hasn't; I'd jest, come.in to shet up do house for de night. .1 hopes you don?£a?poot.me .of. jpyin'jon. you,. marster ?".... ..:.... ,i:"should not do ]>|iiy« always bden faitMdUbut BOrriptbirigetranBe has happened. . I desire you will say rid-. thing of tho noises you have.heard." . • At thdt" instant" another peal wosheord,-, beneath which, the lamp, and-papers !on r the; table trembled. Tho. negro ..fell on bii; knees. Ho cried out: . ..' ... G!w&y; from;:liorai you.cussed dobil dat you "must • );c—gVay.. "What. does ghost? esses ; want Jri'dis house ? out'n dis,- • or ; I'll make my ole o'man scold you." - A smile ofopt over'Fontaine's.lips at. this absurd threat frcn 1 . ihepoor old man., Hat remained .Btanding'iri,. the same attitude; several moments, listening, to any .farther dom'oriEtralion tiiatmight bB made. . Tou have.. heard - of spirit-rapping, CffiSar, arid yoii have seen experiments tried hero by .the -young,jpeople. There is nothing to alarm^youin it.* .I.have witnessed such things, arid ho evil came from them.. Get up, and. attend to closing.the. house:" ' 'At this command, the old servant'arose : "I ain't used to 6uch things,; rnarse Claude. I ain't got.much, gumption, an'—, an'115 feared to go out'n do hall by my- . self. Ef.jlat ar' thing was to toiler arter mej an' hatrimsr qn.do-doY I. should drop - dead." . •. '..'.. v His rolling eyes arid dusky complexionproved the truth. of |iis:assertions, and Fon-' taine kindly said:' " I will go with you, then, but I think tho visitation is over for this time. I forbid you to speak of what you hare witnessed here."'.. ".. "I'll member what -you- say, marse Claude, an' I'll try. to 'bey you; but I wishes dat I hadn't beerd nothin' on it myself." : Fontaine preceded him in his tour of, the house, and saw all the'windows and doors closed, As tear was leaving Claude, he «&treat;«d; " iton't have nothin' to no wid 'em, marse Claude. Doy is dobbils in 'sguise. Ax de bresscd Lor' to sen' 'em back to do plaoe doy coino from, an' He'll tako de PUGS away from you." " I have not called tho spirits, Cicsar; and you may bo suro I Bhall pray to be delivered from llicir poi'BoouLious." " Dat's right, sar; but I bates to see you go back iuter dat haunted house all by yourself." " Have no fenrs for mo; I shall be quits 6afe from anything tboy can do to barm mo." The moonlight fell upou his faee, and Cicsar noted tlio rigid whiteness that bad settled on il, the restless fire that burned in his- dark oyes. . In the open air the old man waBno longer afraid; but bo saw bis master re-enter the house and eloso the door behind him with a feeling of dread. He listened ; but all remained still, and lie moved toward liis cabin in a etate of bewilderment which did not eseapo,tho keen observation of Aggy when I10 appeared be fore bur. But to all llcr inquiries he only replied by deop groans "dat de debbil was to pay m ap uio houBe." "I 's;icctcd aB much whou deso furrin people got to slay in it," sho leplied. " But what's happened?" "Nothin'; only do debbil's to pay, dal's all." " Ef he is to pay, I hope lio'll take his debt out'n you, you old stupid," was tlio retort. " I jos* wish you'd bold your tongue, or olsc talk sense wid il." Crosar oboyed her wish; for he refused to speak further, in spitu of the cajoleries which A gey coudesccnded to practice. She taunted him with being possessed villi a dumb.devil, to jvliich ho i-uafully.replied; " A dumb dcbliii is bettcr'ii atalkin' 0110." " Dat dar's for uio, so I'll jos' shot up. But I'll find out what has flugtralcd you so much, in spite o' yourcircumboridibusses! Thar 11 don't b'Jicvc marso Claudo knows a bigger word dan dat." At longth day dawned, and soon alter Ciosar hoard tho voice of Fontaine speaking to the overseer iu the yard. Thanking God that he WSB still living, tho old servant aroused his wife and prepared himself for the duties of the day. CHAPl'EIt XXII. I'LLILTP VANE USEAIMIED. Night after night, throughout Isold's absenco, the same attempts wore bindc to oxtract from Fontaine a pledge that she should novor return to the Blielter of his roof. Tho draft of.his will was copicd, and he plaoed it in his desk with tho original, intending to go to Lynoliburg and havo it engrossed by a lawyer. A few days afterwards ho sought for them to mako some alterations, and both papers were found torn into fragments, which were scattered over the dosk. That night bis familiar told him he had 1 done it; lhat lie would find moans to destroy every instrument which alienated from Savolla any of tho property which was hers. Fontaino bad fallen into roplying to thB voice as if tho speaker wero a tangible presence, aud he said; "I will place my will wheroyou cannot reach it." In response a laugh came, followed by the words: " Try it, Claude, aud see if you can find a spot into which I shall be unable (0 penetrate." The will was placod in an iron chest in his room ; hecarried tbo key about his person, yet tbrco days afterwards, when he sought for it, that he might tako it with him to Lynchburg, be found it destroyed. Examination of the lock convinced him that it had not bBen tampered with; but Fontaine Btill persevered in carrying out hiB intention. A skeleton was sent to his lawyer in Lynchburg with a request that be would have it ready for signature at the end of a week. During tlio absailcc of Isola, Savella endeared horself to Fontaine ; and accompanied him in his walk to the quarters, and when there showed the liveliest interest in the welfare of tho pcoplo who were to become her property at some future day. Sho appeared tn have overcome lior distaste to tlieui, and the hindncss with which she addressed them won golden opiniops. Savella endeavoured to till the placo of Isola, and for hours sho played and sang to her uncle, who felt tho demon exorcised by tho spell of music. Autumn had set in. One afternoon Fontaine was detained from home several hours, and returned depressed in spirits. Hp yearned for music; but on inquiring for his niece he was told that she was gone out.for a walk. AfLer a few turns he threw on his hat, and took tho pathway which he had observed Savella pursued of late when she set out for hor'afternoon walk. ' ' Fontaine had prococdcd half a mile without encountering any ono, and he began to .think Savella had taken another path, when - the sound- of voices struck upon his ear. The Speakers were sheltered behind a clomp of bushes; but d few steps brought the intruder in viow of tbo two 1 who fancied themselves secure frorii observation. Savella waB seated in d grape.vine: chair, formod.by twisting, tho. long-branches to-- 'getber. arid ather feet reclined Philip Vane, resting his head against the.rcstic seat, and holding her harid in his own. - He was'lspoaking passionately, and the expression of the girl's'fiice revealed what was passing in her ' heart. Fontaine read its;m'eaning atone gliirice, and .'then strode forward. .-• ; Savella uttered a cry, and Philip sprang Co his feet to confront tho facoctbat glared omhim with bitter contempt. .-.. • -•' -. '1 ; • ' " So—0— Mr. Vaneopndosdonds to amute hiB hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you if it is the part of an honourable man to enter my- grounds without my bnowipdgt, and ^rooct my (mooe < in - • this olaudsBtfnt' manner \- Philip, recovered his audacity; and he aoolly said: . i : '-.; "My first meeting"',with' Miss Fontaine" was accidental, ! assure you: Since that happened, as I was no longer: a visitor ur your house; I have availed myself of luob chances as oiTercd- themselves ito see your meco. To-morrow I should have waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Mi BE Fontaine haB just honoured mo by accepting! me as her futuro husband." . . Fontaino listened.'to this addreflB with- Biirpriae. He.turned to his niece and'steniiy asked;.- >:•.•:•,••- • :' ".Savella, can this be true? Havo you diBobeyodmy wiBhes so as to'suffer your heart to be won by a man :I assured you would nsver be acceptable to me ?" : . \- Sho looked up appcalmgly and . faltcred: . «' 0h, uncle Claude, I loved Philip from theifirst moment I saw him. I know that I havo done wrong; but ho loves me, and—' iitidil will never marry ariy "one but liim." Her uncle ecornfully said; " Doubtless Mr. Vane has induced you to believe'that he adores you; but it .is not. longBince he came .to'.me."and -professed the saline feeling for another.. I oannot understand the f ability with which his affsotiona. have been transferred from her to you; yet why do I say .so, for I am afraid I do admprehend it but too well." "'Philip never loved Isola," Savolla exclaimed. " He has told me so, and i believe him." . A glance of contempt from Fontaine's eye fiaahed oyer Philip.He .retained sufficient Belt- control to speak calmly. " Miss Fontaine.speaks the truth, it was but a passing fancy I had for another. I do not regret this discovery, as it affords me dn opportunity I have desired to express my sentiments." "Philip Vane, your audacity passes beyoninil bounds,"eaidFontaine, "Doyou suppose 1 am not awaro bow mucn your professions are worth! Savella, whon this man learned that Isola wontd not inherit my property, he deserted her; and in this brief spaoe of time he professes to havo attached himself to you with ardour unfelt for her. Judge for yourself if be would not bo equally faithless to you it the smiles of fortune should forsako you." "Oh, uncle Claude," pleaded Savella, " do notBpeak BO, fori love him, I tell you! andl shall die if I am separated from him I No, bo novor loved Isola ; ho loves only mo!" There was such passionate feeling in her voico that Fontaine was touched. He more gently said : " Poor child you must sufTer from the perfidy of a man whose personal attractions are his only recommendation. But I must save you from him at-all hazards." Then, turning to Philip Yano, ho wout 011: Mr. Vane, if anything could have added to the distasto I have for you, il is tho knowledge that in this underhand manner you have attompted to win your way into my family. I decline accepting you as a euitor to my niece, and bolievc she will be in. duccd to liston to reason, and give up a man who Books her for her worldly advantages alone." "Speak," said Philip ;" Shall il be so Your inheritance is your own;, and I ai sufficiently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motivcB whicn Mr. Fontaine has imputed to me. I love you; you are aware of the real nature of the obstacle lhat lies between us; and you have seen that Isola now regavds mc as an old friond. Accept or reject uio at once, foron your decision rests our futuro relation to eacUotUcr.'' ^ . ... His eypswere fixed"ori bcr-rshe made a slop forward, laid her hand in his, andeaid : "Philip, I believo in the ubbilily of your soul, arid I wililovb.you to the end. Oppositon will only strengthen my resolve to be yours through all," " You hear, sir," said Philip. But Fontaine drew Savella away from him, and held her at his side by throwing his arm around her. "Philip Vane," he Baid," I oui responsible for the welfare of my brother's child till she has attained years of discretion. .To you I will never surrender a cent till that time expires; and I forbid you ,lo approach her as a suitor. If she dues not discover how false are your professions of'luve, she will possess littlo of the foresight of tho race from which sbo sprung. Good evening: Come, Savella, we ore far from horiic." He would have drawn her away, but sho sprang toward Philip, and oxclainied with passionate fervour; " Oh! my Philip—my adorod—believe him not. My heart will never separate from you. We shall find means to meet, we shall be happy yet." I believe so, Savella, my future wife, ho responded; and when Fontaine drew Savella from his cmbrace, lio said : You BOB, sir, how.useless opposition will prove. She loves me with all the ardour of her southern blood," and I promise you to be a good husband to her." He encircled Savolla with his strong arm, and supported her faltering steps as he moved away with her. She looked at Philip as long as it was possible to do so, and tbo expression of lior eyes confirmed what her lips uttered. Philip watched them a fow moments, and then a smile broko over his lips. He' muttered; " I have paid you back for your insulting dismissal of my pretensions to laola. That girl will do what I bid her; I hold her fato in my bund, and bo it happy or miserable, she shall yet becomc my wifo." He strode to the tree to which his horse was fastened, and dashed off in the direction of Dunlora to tell bis mother how he had sped in his wooing. CHAPTER XXIII. 6AV13L1.A DEFIANT. Fontaine moved in the direction of tlio houso, sustaining Savolla; but aftcrprocceding a distance she oxtricated horself from his arms, and said; " lam able to walk alone. I do not wish to bo too burdensome to you. He regarded her in sorrow as he said ; "I have never folt that you are a bnrdon to me. I havo indulged tho hopo that you would prove a blessing to mc ; but what I have witnessed has so shaken my faith in you, that I have misgivings for the future." (To le continued.) 