MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] Picnic week and, perhaps, just here it will be necessary to explain something re that Mallce trip, which is to last from Thursday next to the following Tuesday night. This i:; really ft sort of euuult'r to the excursion Messr*.’ Patterson, Mot.’ull mid other members made last week lo Urn Mnllue ,ut the invita tion of the farmers mid duly Imd one story pumped into thorn. Mr. Tavornor’H party are going there in order to examine the question independently, and ns Mr, AV. T. Carter is lo bo assistant pilot the information they will sock to obtain will not bo of the kind most favorable to the bill. It will bo interesting to note when both sets of picnickers got at each other in Parliament from what very opposite standpoint! the Malice can bo viewed. Hut economy is being exhibited oven tn picnics. The Korrumburra one for instance, ■ Whs “wot” enough, hut the unfortunate ghosts, or rather most of them, hadn’t a bite to oat from start to llnish (ten hours), and when the train reached Melbourne a little before live in the evening some of thorn resembled footballs—before they arc blown up. Nearly all rushed the restaurants. It is soft that Korrumburra country, and tho ladies who ventured to ride from the ono mine inspected to tho other found their steeds floundering knee deep in the soft clay and crab boles and returned with their habits bedaubed with mud fiom spur to plmno. Of course thoro was plenty of local excitement, and Mr. Parry, one of the pioneers who have stuck to tho work with unflagging enterprise and confidence, averred Itis complete confidence that now there was nothing more to bo done but distribute divi dends to tho shareholders for tho term of their natural lives. I have hoard that sort of talk bolero over champagne, but as ono who has boon under ground in a good many hundreds of claims in the various colonics of Australasia, and who has also had the advantage of closely investi gating tho mines at Newcastle, 1 can sneak of those ftt Korrumburra with something different to a tyro’s knowledge. Tho Beam that is at present being worked thoro is aaid lo be dft in tbioknes:. When wo put tho rule ovo.’ it though, \vu could only nuke it 3ft oin. If it keeps that size throughout the property, thoro would bo about two million tons in i(> But to win this they have to lake out about throe feet of mullooh’for every four feet of coal which has, of course, all to bo trucked back to tho tip. Tho present driving price is low, thirty shillings per yard, hut unless (ho coal thickens as they advance into the hill this will necessarily increase, as “(ho country” is almost sure to harden, Tho one great advantage of this Korrumburra mine is that tbo eoal bods outcrop on tbo sides of the hill and vise ns they go iu, ko that tboy can all ho worked by adit levels, perfectly dry, ho that thoro is no cost of pumping or* winding to bo incurred. This unquestionably docs make it possible to work them profitably, though I doubt if this can bo done. The second advantage that they possess is that once their eoal is in tho trucks not Melbourne alone, but tho whole colony is their market. With tho sea borne article this is somewhat different, as tho coal has to ho lifted out of, tho hold of the vessel, bringing it bugged or put in baskets and carted lo Spencer street. 'The Korrum bnrra mine having its branch railway fight lo the tip, can with equal case deliver its coal at Ballarat, Bendigo, Sale, Beeehworth, Ararat, Portland, or any other town in the colony. Tho only question is can it mine its coal at a price lo undersell tho imported artiolo, without the protection of a duty? Thoro are some shrewd, practical men in tho company, among whom we may count tho well known con tractor, Mr. Higdon, and those nro not likely to make mistakes in matters of this sort, and they loll mo they can win coal from tbo pre sent top seam at ds 6d per ton. At tho present rate of carriage, ono penny per ton per mile, it costs them five and ninQ ponue per ton lo convoy it tho sixty-eight and a half miles to Melbourne, They a< \- o, how over, hopeful that thov will conquer tbo obdurate hearts of tho railway commissioners, who nro shortly lo make a special private visit to tho mine and obtain a reduction of the haulage rale to something more nearly resembling tho English of a farthing per ton per mile. Of course if this could bo achieved it would make nearly as much difference to tho prospects of tho company ns the payment of a composition of a farthing in tho pound docs to the worldly affairs of tho millionaire. It would, however, bo unjust to Korrumburra to refer to it ns if its fate depended upon tho ono thin seam of coal it is now working. As a matter of faot flvo have been, discovered by boring, ono of which is said to bo over eleven, and another more than fourteen foot in thickness. On these—though tboy are not likely to be opened up for years yet—will probably depend the future of tho mine. Our Minister of Education is a modest man, but ho understands tho limitations of his powers. W'hen wo wore groping in tho main drive at Korrumburra (it was at that point only about five foot high, as wo were close to tho face) ono of the ladies present besought him lo indulge iu that resonant smile which is historic throughout tho length and breadth of Australia. “Oh, please laugh, Mr. Peacock, ” she asked, “1 fihould so like to hear you laugh underground.” Mr. Peacock, it may bo explained, now occupies the position of being expected to lot off a laugh at any moment, like a “ —didn’t know it was loaded” piece of artillery, Of such are tho inconveniences of fame. But tho Minister, who is n bit of a young SU Kevin in bis way, and has so far exhibited a flinty heart adamantine to feminine persuaviness, .replied, “sorry 1 can’t, but if 1 were to laugh hero I’d bring the roof in.” This lust paragraph is but a sort of play ing-in-pieco, an introduction to a good story of Mr. Peacock’s, which illustrates how thc supernatural may interfere with tbo perform once of the vocation of tho most praetiea Minister. Some time since there was a school in a certain country district. Tho schoolmaster thereof regarded with an alto gether loo beaming eye some of his female pupils, and tho result was that his wife hanged herself. Other instructors of youth of better certified moral dispositions wore retained, but those were placed some miles off in another building and tho old school was closed. It speedily acquired tho reputa tion of being haunted, though how or by whom was not clear. It was tho usual case, hearing strango and uncanny noises, so that after a while the deserted building was shunned at night. By and by tho now teacher and his wife desired increased accommoda tion at tho promises they occupied. Tho department, which is now strictly economi cal' >in all its dealings, decided to remove tho old ghost-haunted school house, and out of the material thereof add to the one then in occupation tho rooms required, A daring contractor undertook to remove the old weatherboard structure bodily on a lorry and essayed the task. Ho was late in starting with his doll’s house, and night coming on ho thought ho might as well sleep in it so as to bo under cover. But the noises he heard soon drove him from his repose and ho had to lake some boards off his load and sloop on them out in the paddock. lie, however, ful filled his contract in part. But the school muster and his wife refused to allow tho accursed tiling to come near their tenement, and now the Education Department is seek ing to square tho embarrassing manifestations of tho apparently supernatural with its teachings that all phenomena have a natural explanation. I may supplement this with a little story of my own. In one of our suburbs, thoro is a charmingly situated little villa, worth 1 at rental about 23s to 25s a week. A young married couple, seeing this was to let at 12s 6d, obtained the key to look at it. They say that the inslant they wont inside there began a series of the most extraordinary and con fusing noises, sounds ns of windows being raised and suddenly allowed to fall in adjoin ing rooms, of doors slamming, muttered whisperings and many other unaccountable things which they soon became loo excited to attempt to explain. They fled, and that bouse still lacks a tenant with coolness enough to ait up of nights and demonstrate how.unusual circumstances can always bo accounted for by 1 tho known operation of natural laws. . t AVino making by bncterizalion is' the next scientific wonder promised, and bacteriology, bus advanced so fur that it is. now claimed that chcpiists can dissever tho bacterium which imparts the special flavor and odor from a wine, ns for instance, French claret can bring the bacilli across tbo seas to Victoria, can then introduce thorn bore into a wine of similar class in which they will at onco fecundate, and to which they will impart tho taste and bouquet of tho fluid from which they wore originally extracted. This is simply amazing and .throws com .plotely into the shade the attempt to intro duce tho ova of the salmon to Australia. 