Tlte Unpaid Butter Factory Bonuses. Proprietors of butter factories and creameries who have not been paid- the bonuses that have been so long overdue will be pleased to learn that the Minister of Agriculture, Mr Graham, has decided to pay early in the year all the bonuses on the butter fac'orieB and creameries included in Ihe report recently furnished by Mr Wilson, the dairy expert. A number of factories and creamerieB claiming bonuses have yet to be examined by Mr Wilson, and when thiB has been done, Mr Graham hopes to. be iu a position to pay - the balance of them > also. The proposal lo pay the bonuses immediately - each factory and creamery was reported upon by Mr Wijeon has been persistently kept before the Minister by the Dairymen's Associa tion of Victoria, and the present action, of the department- is the outcome oi me recommenua- -ionof the association. . . - The -illustrations for our Christmas number, with one or two minor ex- ceptions, arc the work of Mr Fred Knee- bone. Both in the supplement and in the ordinary portion of the paper, the artist has given ample proof of his ability. For the supplement he designed as well as executed the frontispiece and the central illustration, "The Stockrider's Dream," — a reverie in which he sees a mental vision of the Old Home scene and faces amid encircling wreaths of fragrant smoke rising from the solacing pipe — is in happy contrast with "The Ghost Story," told around the fireside in England.: In other portions of this issue Mr Kneebone presents our readers with "Statesmen" and "Geese'' (there is no innuendo here), "Mutiny," and Fashions, "Rust in Wheat,i" and "The Collie Dog." His efforts have teen admirably supplemented by the stereotyping staff of THE WEEKLY TIMES under the direction of Mr Minetti, and by the machinists under the control of Mr M'Naught, The law vacation commenced yester day Lasts till 31st January. Mr J us- tico Hodges witt sit in the Practice Court on the 29th, and every Tuesday after wards. aa 