| A SWIMMING- FAROE. EXTE A0EDIN AR Y OCCUR RENCE. . . - ; Meadham and Oormly. Gormly Paralysed by the Pistol Report— And' is Too Flur- ried to be Able, to Start. One of tho most extraordinary fiascoes that has over taken placo in connection with any sport was witnessed in. the Sydney Nata- torium last night, .where W. J. Gormly and T. Meadham were announced to swim for a 5 guinea trophy. There was a good crowd present, and excitement in the race, which was to be- for 100 yards, was at high pressure,' astho men are two of the uest known swimmers, and could have per formed great feats in the water. Both had been training for weeks previously, and tho money was safe in the hauds of a reputablo stakeholder. " It was agreed by the men that they should start by the report of a pistol. On the pair getting on the.' bripk of the basin it was evident that they were both in. splendid trim. The starter, owing to the want of auffioiont accommodation, had to stand a few yard at the. side in advance of- the swimmers. The usual praotiue in run ning and so forth ,1b to 'fire' the - gun from behind. Both men we;e fearfully fidgety and anxious to get the better start. Mead- ham plunged in before tho trigger was pulled, in . his excitement, and, of course, -was. re called. On getting, out ho was allowed to rub himself with a towel, after which he faced the music again. Still there was fidgetting by both men, each boing in an awfal flurrv. First one made a motion if to spring off, and then steadied himself in time, not hearing theexpected report, an d then tho other would make a similar false move. Suddenly the triggot wob pullod, aud ban,: went the blunderbuss. Meadham got away simultaneously with- the - discharge, but the noise made by the weapon and the sight of Meadham being in the briny before he oould etir completely, paralysed Gormly. He stood on tho -edge looking at where his opponent had dived in, and had altogether lost his presence of mind. '-He remained standing on- tlio scratch the pic ture of foolishness, without the ghost of an idea of what to- do. The signal had been given, and gone ho ought to have, even had he lost the start by half a lap, but go he wonld not. Ho shook his head as Meadham dashed madly on towards the opposite edge, and would not make any attempt to follow him. He was that knocked all of a heap, so to speak, that he . could onjy gaze vacantly about himself. Meanwhile there was terrific oxcitemont among Meadham's fol lowers. His brother George, a well-known swimmer, ran wildly down the side of - the basin yelling out for Tom to go slow. The latter was getting throqgh tho water at a fearfni rate, and as ho wus going the hand over-hand stroke he could not se where his opponent was. Naturally enough, he thought his opponent was at his Bide. Bump came the solitary mourner against the edge of the basin, blackening his eye. He turned round with as much huBto as _ ho could muster, and the wild shriek that wits uttered above him by his brother, who nearly fell into the water bending down, only increased his excite ment. Ho dashed on up to tlio other end, but was thore'acquaiuted with the fact tbdt he had no opponent, and accordingly went leisurely along during the last lap,; complet ing thedistauco inulow timeof coarse. Mead ham, when he learnt what had"occurr.ed,. was greatly surprised. Ho had of courBO won and appropriated the trophy involved. Need,- less to say, the spectators were considerably, annoyed at Gormly-'s. want of presence of mind. Gormly was the favorite in tho betting, and those who had lost their money without even getting a race -for it were wroth indeed; . - 