SPORT AND PLAY. Br R Olympus." In the language of the gentlemanly Mantilini: '* It is high time the Demnition Military were sent to the demnition Bowwows." Whenever they have an encampment at Easter it rains; when they are kept at home at that period of the year we enjoy Queen's weather. Such has been my experience dating way back to the time of" the Wet Werribee, when many a strapping young fellow was laid by the heels, I ean assure you. Of course, they may plead that we had Good Friday fine, and Easter Sunday and Easter Tuesday. What of tbat? Easter Monday was the day, and owing to the military oneampnient it rained cats and dogs and goats and monkeys. So no more. Easter encampments, Mr. Shiels, an' you love us. In " Lilly white's Cricketers' Annual for 1H02," " Incog.," in summarising the doings of the arious English counties, remarks re the premier team for 1W>1 as follows:—" It is, in fact, the lfreedom—we may almost say the abandon—ol the batting that has given the Surrey eleven such a parge and enthusiastic following. That they have been singularly fortunate in the posssion of a captain who has never spared himself, who has 111 his own person set a Irll- "fhint rramjile of chivalry in cricket, llayed the. game in the spirit in which it oughi; always to be played—of true and genuine sport, who has never sought or tried to gain the smallest advantage by any but fair and straightorward merits ; who has always tried his hardest to win, even when there has been evident risk, ather than have the empty satisfaction of a drawn game, is only a proper tribute to Mr. John lShuter's management of the teaui." From the tenor of those remarks it would almost seem as if there were some captains of counties in England whose standard of cricket morality was not quite the cheese—and " Gloucester" cheese, too, at that. Hkkk is a curiosity in the way of cricket, if yuu like, lu a match, Abnoy v. Urove, played u England last year, W. Swan (of tlie Ahney team) secured Hi wickets at a cost of only li runs. 13 were clean bowled, and 011 lO occasions the middle stump being taken. Vkkt little public interest was evinced, in the three contests between the leading baseball clubs of Victoria and South Australia respectively, which took place on the East Melbourne Cricket (jround 011 Friday and Saturday; but, despite that fact, the players buckled to their graft with a will, and indeed had they been disporting themselves before 20,000 spectators they could not have evinced more keenness in the contests. A number of circumstances combined to completely ripple the East Melbourne team; Frank Laver, their crack pitcher, being unfortunate enough to ly " rick " the muscles of his back, whilst another and prior engagement prevented Harry Boyle taking his usual position 111 the nine. However, "the Wise Men of the East" proved iqual to the occasion, as young M'Kay (of the Metropolitan B.C.) was elected a member the nonce, and certainly did yeoman serico for the blue and white, both at first iiase and in the pitcher's box. The Adelaide men were suffering under a slight handicap, as their pitcher, Lillingston, got his thumb knocked out arly in the first game on Friday, and in consejuence, E. C. Ewers and It. Ewers had to constiute tho battery right through, 110 othbr member if the nine being able to take "Ru." Ewers' fast deliveries beside Lillingston. But, afterall. that was only a slight handicap, as Ted. Ewers'pitchng could hardly have been improved on : in fact the all round play of the three brothers, "Ru " Ted and Fred (at short stop) was worth a Ion"- pilgrimage to witness. Close and correct play «is the order of the day for the first three linings, at the completion of which the Adelaide representatives had the advanage of 1 run (2 to 1), which they further ;upplemented in their fourth innings by 3 more. I'his seemed to stir the local men up a bit, and by he exercise of sound judgment and the display if consummate skill they succeeded in putting 1 to their total, making the tally—East Melbourne, 8; Adelaide, 5. The leaders had nother advantage in their fifth essay; but then ir three consecutive innings they failed to score, liilst their opponents put together •); the game jeing 10 alias the visitors started their ninth mid last) innings. An error on the part of the t stop allowed Wilson to get to first base nstead of losing the number of his mess, and after laclntyre had scored a two-bagger another error 11 the part of the right iiwld.siiv.ui let Imn get to liird, whilst Wilson came home. This made fitters look very unsettled for the East 'oys; but Clarke, who hadn't been shilling any 00 brilliantly in the right field made amends by Killing a fly from i'ippett, whilst liruce retired illmgstone in similar fashion; tho innings being brought to a termination by Taeuber getting out whilst journeying towards first base. This left East Melbourne with 1 to tie and 2 to win; M'Alister doing his whack towards the latter consummation by makiug a base hit. On Clarke advancing to the home plate, fear, rere entertaiued that the old Carlton goal-sneak of the early sixties wouldn't prove equal to the occasion ; but he quickly set them at rest by whanging the hall our into the right field for a two-bagger ; M'Alister coming home 011 the stroke. Then Harry made a base hit, after which 11. Ewers disposed of Seidel on a foul fly and Ted Ewers sent Steel to the rightabout on strikes. But M'Kay was the next man, and with a pretty stroke between the first and second basemen, lie 1 lnde 1 Clarke over the Irnui pUte ; fc'ia first of the three games resulting in a victory for East Melbourne by the narrow majority of 1 run only. The following are the full scores : ADELAIDE NINE. _ Name and Position. Rudolph Ewera, catcher ... W. Wilson, second base ... A. Maclntyre third base ... 13.Pippett, short stop W. IjilliuRBtoDe.riKht field O. Ta«uber, left field who S. Smith, has first baee E. O. Ewers, pitcher 1\ M. Lawrence, centre field Totals _. - i 3] I <1 - 5 0 I 7 K; i) ' >i o|- 2 t in li ; 1 1 0, - ' 111 0... t) 1) ; u 1 ( «'.,! 0 1 : 0 1! : t ••1 < >, u II 1 : II 1 n. 1 0 j • • i) 0 ' I'- J 1 i j" i 2 u n ll 0 41 0 1 11 EAST MELBOURNE NIKE. INNINGS. Name aud Position. 1 :i' -i' r. 0 "[ FC Harry, pitcher \- !-:• ! 11 11 ...; li 1 0 ... .. Sei lei, catcher I IJ....I li 1 II ... li :i Steel, second base .. ..j 0; 11 11 0 1 M'Kay. first bas» 11 . 11 l; 0 ui:: .. 1 M' Lead, cen tre fi *ld " -I - M " ...... i. .. ] J. Bruce, short stop . n 1 ... 1 . o-.l 1, ... I Carter, left field . . ..' U 1 .. M'Alister. third base "1 i Clarke, right field . ...0 .. 1 i Tniflls —: " S " li (l! I) 1 7j 2 ui ul 0 212 The second tussle commenced at half-past ten 011 Saturday morning, and as Musgrove was at liberty to take his place in the East Melbourne nine, he did so vice Clarke. A11 alteration was also made in the Adelaide team, F. Ewers, a younger member of the family, taking Lawrence's place, and filling the dillicult position of short stop in excellent style. His batting too was of a very high order of merit; in fact, willi time, he promises to develop into a trimming ball player. East Melbourne.started the batting, putting up (5 runs in their first four innings. This good work was further supplemented by their pitcher, Harry, who held the Adelaide boys down to one base hit in their veutures, the consequence being that they wore " white.rashed " no less than four times in succession. The fifth innings added 1 run to each score, but in the sixth Adelaide scored 3 to 1, and in the seventh and eighth 5 to 0 on each occasion, a terrible "muff" fly of Harry's proving very expensive, Wi t : ! ' runs to get to tie and only an inniugs to ? 0 lt ' ; , lookl!d , , , ln / odds . fi^mst East. Melbourne ; b u t th e - y huckled _to with a will, and managed to m k e " '« velle l S l leav ' i »g opponents 1 o 5 to J?'"™' S ot a blls , e l«t and stole to second, whilst E. C. Ewers got his first base on o a " s ' 5 ' avi 'i' M " P^er) weakening very " u,cl1 at tins particular period. Then Fred, Ewers was well taken by Seidel on a foul fly, and n t w e r s yeldnig up the ghost 011 strikes, the a s t M u i hour ' ie supporters had still a chance of thl> u ; 'ortuue in another innings, until ilson settled their hash with a base hit that uabl(ld Smith to get home, Adelaide winning 011 tiE Qcca&10 ! ; t ! ™ same narrow majority J 8 EaBt Melbourne had on the previous day. es : HAST MELBOURNE NINE. Name and Position. Musgrove, cenn'0 field Seidel, catcher Steel, second base .. rnce' short stop 'Kay, Urst base M Aliectr, third base arter, left field 'Leod, rigbt Held .. ExceUeut Home ltun. ADELAIDE NIKE. Name and Position. | «! 9, ° u. Ewers, oatcber Wilson, secoud base Maclntyre, !e(t field .. I'ippett, centre field Litljns6tone, right field Taeuber, third base Smith flrBt b&Be; 12\. C. Ewers, pitcher . E vers, short stop Totals 0 u 0 01 - :j j 1 ® I 1 2 j 1A Home liun when tbB bags were all full. Aftku the second tryst was over the two teams and their friends wore the guests of the committee of the East Melbourne Cricket Club, and sat down to a luncheon got up in Fielder Ware's up-to-Dick style. [Mem.—'Null' sed.] Due justice having been done thereto, Mr. li. 1?. Steel (captain of the East Melbourne team) proposed tlie health of the Adelaide Basebivllers. coupled with the name of Mr. R. Sellers their secretary and manager. Mr. Sellers made a most felicitous reply in the course of which be alluded very feelingly to the wliole-3ouled manner in which the committee of tlie East Melbourne Cricket Club held out a helping hand to kindred sports, and especially intercolonial baseball, assuring his hearers that their kindness and ,,.,,n.(,1BV r . .r , courtesy to bouth Australian visitors had developed into a proverb. " The health of tlie E.M.C.C. Commits . - — — . .. Committee,' coupled with a bit of a tag specially intended to honour the worthy secretary, E. B Manning, and a suitable acknowledged ot the honour by Mr. 11. M. Hades concluded the .. filling up" f 1 process, *-n ' and out — we stalked "" to witness ltudolph Ewers attempt to eclipse his throw With a League ball—viz., 129 yards, Whether it was that the good things provided by Host Ware lay too heavy on sjumjack, i (winch . . is tar . . . more . probable) - - the want of snflicient practice told against liiin. he failed to cover more than 112 yards, four or live of his "chucks" passing the 110 yards post. Then we settled down to the final strangle of the series, the excitement being thoroughly worked up, as each side had won a leg." Harry and M'Kay changed places (pitcher and first base), and although three base hits were scored off him, and one base given on balls, a brilliaut P'ece of play between M'Kay and the third-base man (M'Alistei) gave li. Ewers his quietus, whilst a fly to M'Alister and three strikes on Taeuber's part brought Adelaide's first inniugs to a close for nixey. Seidel, Steel and M'Kay safely negotinted the bases for East Melbourne • but the unerring accuracy of 1{„ Ewers and MacJntyre (with extremely difficult 1 " " " catches) " ' ' " cause ud M'Alister, M'Leod and Bruce to retire prior to reaching first base. Fine base hitting by Smith, F. Ewers, K, Ewers and Wilson and an "on balls" to E. C. Ewers put 011 5 runs for Adelaide before a man was out; but then Musgrove safely negotiated a mighty swipe of Maclntyre's in the centre field; and although Pippett and Lillingstone yet further increased tlie total by 2, Seidel and Harry brought about Taeuber's downfall, whilst M'Kay caused Smith to scont 011 strikes. Nothing daunted East Jinxu responded with i- runs, making 7 tin main and fur two more innings there were 110 cocks'- eyes out, 1 and 0 being the records on 1 each side F. Ewers threw away his life in Adelaide's fifth innings by a foolish attempt to got from second ba?e to third ; aud E. C. and I'ippett both retiring on strikes, East Melbourne's 1 in their next hand put them to the good. From this out the game was never in doubt, the pitching of M'Kay, ,, , .. '„, , 1 , proved victorious by IGto 12, without being called upon to take there ninth innings, general satisfaction being expressed at the closeness of the finishes. There .an be no two opinions but wlint M'Kay 4.1-1 . , ..{ , . .. , 1 ing: albeit. 011 pnpi i y appeared to an inordinate number of bases on balls, Sir. C. Alexander was quite at: bis best as unip e on each and every occasion, and on that s ore what more need be said. Scores:- ADI5LIIDE N1NJ-;. Name aud Position. _ Innings. 1 2 fl G' 7 h R. Ewtrs, catcher 1 ... - 0 " "Wilson, second bafie U 1 1 Maclntyre, left fic-ld and 1st bas .. I) 0 u Pippett, centre field ..' 1! 0 1 u Lillingstone, rigbt field .. J u 0 Taeuber, third baee 11 0' u u u Smith first base and left field .. ... IU,' 0 E. G. Ew rs. pitcher u 0 1 (1 .'J E. Ewers, short Btop • .. 1 0 •0 Totals 0 7I 1 0 u 1 li "u t Double play from Tatuber to Maclntyre. EAST J1ELHOUEN13 NINE. Name aud Position. M' .Vii^U'.Y, tbivi baftft Keidui, catcher Steel, second baso ... M'Kay, pitcher M'Leod, right lield ... Musgrove, centre field ruce shortstop arter, lell tield arry, first base Innings - 1 ° 3 2 2 1 0 j 2 - - - ^ - the Adelaide nine met Fitzroy 011 Tuesday afternoon, 011 the Fit.roy Cricket Ground, aud after being suitably entertained by the members of the club, and welcomed by the Mayor aud Or. 12.. W. Best, a very pleasant .seven-innings game resulted in their favour by 211 runs to 13. The South Australians took their departure the same afternoon tor " home, sweet home." . « UETDKii it is the depression of the times, or whether it is that the general public are pretty full up of pedestrian contests (amateur as well as professional), or whether both these combine to militate against a good attendance, certain it is that the first athletic championship meeting, under the auspices of the Victoria Amateur Athletic Association 011 Tuesday afternoon was not patronised to the extent if deserved to be. The absence of the fair sex was specially to be deplored, as the committee of management had engaged an excellent band for their delectation, aud the afternoon was as agreeable as could have been desired. The East Melbourne Cricket Ground, where the meeting was held, was rather heavy after the recent rainfall; but, for all that some excellent times w T ere recorded, tho quarter of a mile "on the grass" being four seconds slower than H.C. A. Harrison's celebrated dash of 00 seconds 011 the Melbourne Cricket (i round. Tho visitors from Now South Wales were in splendid form, and performed quite up to expectations, the majority of the events jailing to their share. In the 100 yards Championship Race a blunder by the starter (who fired the pistol and theu shouted "Come back !") caused two of the competitors in the final heat— Moore and O'Donnell—to stop in their tracks and ot take part iu the contest, tho stewards after- ——• _ wards deciding that the start would have to hold good. This was the only contretemps durin.' fhe afternoon ; and in the true interests of S, o t it is sincerely to be desired that on tie cLtCa ion of the meeting (on the same ground) on Saturday — J " a much better *• gathering of " spectators will assemble to witness Greek meeting Greek The following are tho results of Tuesday's trysts — 100 Yds. ^ Championship—First „,. heat: J. P. O Donnell ' ^ t M S" K S" " liine.ll 2-Siheee. Second htat : J. „ G. Maiden, • I ;- H. I'M . Greenwood. 2. Time. 10 J-5ch spc. fl 1 "" 1 '! elt: ->• G - Maiden (New South Wall's A.A.A.). 1 (Standard, f™™*??*,!*'} 10 1-Sib 6 } 1 ! 0 sec.) !'™?Harriet),2. Time, jo.'i 5th 220 YdB. Handicap.—Fiist heat: F. A. Covti (8vds } 1- II. J White (lGyds.), 2; E. S. MarbB (19ydp ), :t. Time 2-i 3 5th see. Stcond heat : A. ]i. Seweli (19yds.), 1 ; F.'g. N. Doner (SOydi.), 2; W. H. Sbaw't9rdM; 3.' Ti'm»' 8» fi-5tb Bee. Finn! linftt: A B. Bewell (Hawthorn Harrie'rt), (iH.vds ), ] ; F„ S. Marks (Darlingbuist Harriers). (19ydp ) y; It. J. Wliite (Sydney arriers), (19yds.), 3. S=wellled all the way and won easilv. Time, 23 3-5tb etc 1000 Yds. Handicap.—E. H. Faby (barlinoburst Harriei s) (35yds ). 1; C. Lnngwood (Melbourne Harriers) (COyds.) 2; 1>. Stoctdale (DarlinKbutst Harriert), (40ids )' 3 The last time rouud Kahy drew t ut and won easily • there was a very close finish lor eccond place. Time' 2min. 56 I-5ih sec. Pole Jump Championship.—O. T Lempriere, 9ft • C E Walker,St-.'2in b'aik<>r,SI-. "tsWdaro','IMl.) (Standaro, 10ft.) „"440 u Yds. las ,- uuampionsblp.-H Obampionsbip.-H F. Greenwood (Melbourne a vtrycloFely contested event, the winner runninc vtrv gamely. Time, Si 2 5th sec. (Standard 52=ec ) „, 0 !" 1 ¥'1° Cb«mpionBhip.- E. 15. Corner (New South Wales A.A.A.), 1; I'. Stockdala (Darlipghurst Hairiers) S ; J. Dawson (Darlinehurst Harriers), :l. Won by JOOvda J line, 4min. 44 ] 5th sec, (Stanoard, 4miu. SOser.) liroad Jump Charnpiousbcp.- H. It. Catford. JSft. n'in 1; J. j.c7.fones\'iaft!5in'"2] C. Jones. IHft. 5in., 2. (Standard sort. Gin,1 Two Mile Team Hacr.-Jielburniane, 34, 1: DarlinehurBt Harriers 3H, 1\ Melbourne ilar.ieis, 42 3. Time lOrnin. ao 2 Sclj sec. An American cycling writer says that Wir.dle's record of 2 minutes 15 secuids'for the mile is ^Pl' 03011 to Jiavc cost the Pope Manufacturing Coll l P a,1 .V. one way and another, abuut £:m. 'J'iie V word of - niinutes 2!) 1-5 seconds for the ordinary ln 1SSrt .... ' 6 estimated to have cost i5(i0. - Last a u t u m n " trainer and five pacemakers ills Wu l ' e s P nn !?'i«ld for a month before the record Was s e ™'' L ' d - t,,„ lf„,. a w ,, • , P^flic s . 1 "" 0n ,, "" " i ' \ f'? f , , n . l b 9 1 m J fijniai, writes 111 the following unmeasured terms ^ d r ^ r t , / / A ^ V'° ^ £ • > ^ pleasantness and the C n ^ u d i r f ^ I S t l l ^ H M ^ ' t , w ™ ld ,P''<\-- niote seilisiiness and destroy the nobler aua itii q ui I j. 1 y noun, \ field perhaps move than auvv danger past, we now sti?f^ ea e • -T ™ ' ,, ' ' OMJ U " enon i y'i ftn by tho e " e. v men wir '."TT'V , 1, worthily L I lijiheld ^ the ? 1,10 lu honours times of their past lespechave 'sjiec tive schools at cricket and other manly exercises. Not that we would for one moment assert, that golf is not a manly game; indeed, we believe that the danger is intensified a hundredfold by the very fact that some ofoi.r most distinguished cricketers consider it the finest game in the world, and devote themselves to it heart aud soul. Jt is a fabcinating game, no one can deny this, but we unhesitatingly affirm it is 110 game for schools and schoolboys. It is useless for its devotees to assert that in nothing else is to be found so splendid a school for the temper, fur though this may be so, and we do not doubt it, the terrible danger of a game in which a boy lias to play for himself rather than for his side'must be patent to all. Thit is no idle scare, for reports have reached us of buys whose play has been ruined by the acquisition of the golf swing, if that is the correct name, aud we here call upon all true lovers of cricket to do their utmost to dissuade their boy friends from the pursuit of what we may 'reasonably rail the fashionable craze of the day. 'Thus far the evil is not deep-routed, and 'if all school mentors set their faces strenuously against the first introduction of the game into their respective schools the danger may be averted, and in a few years time we may he able to say of this as of the lawn tenuis mania, that though some few cricketers have been therebv ruined, no permanent harm has accrued to the true national nationa" game of England." On Saturday night next Flood and Ferryman, two well-known boxers, meet at the Melbourne Athletic Club for a purse of iW, and a side wager of i50 aside. Roth are clevcr exponents of tlie manly art, and some good boxing is expected to eventuate between them. Members are requested to nominate for houorary membership those whom they wish to be present at any entertainment during this month at once. All nomitions must be in the hands of the manager and secretary not later than 12 o'clock noon on Friday next. No one will be admitted unless so nominated. 