WIT AND HUMOR. • . GENERALITIES. Modern Child.—" Pa, tell me a nice story." " Shall I tell you a ghost story, Jimmy ?" " Nf, pa, I don't care to hear any ghost story ; haven't believed in ghosts since I was a child. Tell me all about the latest scandal in high lite, and all that sort of thing." The wife of Professor Rjbson, who disliked the cant expressions of the religious tongue, had invited a gentleman to dinner, and he had accepted with the reservation, " If I am spared." " Wetl, weel," sail Mrs. Robson, " if ye're dead I'll na expect ye." An elderly gentleman en*e r iag a church with his two nieces, who were attired in white, heard the clergyman about to begin his sermon with the text, " Woo are those arrayed in white?'' Old gentlemen,' with stiff but graceful bow—"My two nieces from Inndon." A stout woman entered a crowded car, and seizing the strap stood on a gentleman's toes. As soon as he could extricate himself he arose and offered her his seat. "You are very kind, eir," ehe replied. " Not at all, madam,' 1 he replied; "it's not kindness, L's selfdefence." Uncle Josh (gazing at the playbills)—" Well, I'll be darned it t wouldn't he ashamed o< myself." His Wife—" What is the matter, Joshua T' Uncle Josh—" Why, that feller goes round the country advertising that he is supported by a 'charming young actress.' Why in thunder don't he go to work ?" It was very careless leaving the parrot in the parlor on Sunday evening, hut ehe never thought anything about it till Monday morning, when Polly ronsed the whole house by making a smacking noise, and crying," Darling Susie, darling Sasie !'' Ho kept it up all day, too, and the old folks are mnch interested in the case. Gentleman—" Pardon me, your necktie has been sticking out for some time. I refrained from telling you sooner because those young ladies teemed so much amused." Farmer— "Thankee; an' the oil from that lamp has been droppln' on that light overcoat of yourn for the last 10 minutes, but everyone seemed so tickled I hated to spoil the fun." " How is it, Uncle BastuB," raid a gentleman to a darkey," that you never married 1 Aren't yon an admirer of the softer sex?' " I fought a duel wunca 'bout a gal, Rah," replied Uncle Ristns. "A duel?'' "Yes, sah ; yeahs and yeahs ago. Sam Jackson an' myself, we bof tabbed the same girl; we were bof boun' to git dab, and de business climaxed in er duel. We bof wah a triflj nahvous, s*h, an* 'stead ob me hittin* Sam or Sam hittin' me, we brought do»n a vallyble mule dat wah standin' near de fence." " And did ycu fire again V asked the gentleman, very much interested. " No, sah, dat wuz a very vallyble mule, boss, an' we bof kinder skeart like. So we entered into an amicable prearrangement.*" " How did you settle itV " Sam tuk de gal an' igreed to pay for the mule, an* I hain't tabbed ee&ce; 1" 