A COURT MASQUERADE IN RUSSIA. (Br THE AUTHOR or THE " BALTIC LETTERS,* IN LONGMAN'S MAGAZINE.) The Emperor Nicholas's mania for maa» querades is extended, nolens rolcns, to hia chief officers-old and young, grave and gay, all have to dance to the same tune. I scon recognised a poor man in gorgeous uniform whom I knew to be sinking under the weight of a domestic affliction which was the talk of Petersburg, lie had lost, by scarlet fever, live childrc-n out of six. ITe looked like a ghost (a ghost under the light of seventy live enormous chandeliers), but did not venture to be absent. I went to him and took his arm. This, my first initiation into the mysteries of " intriguing," was our of rule. And yet not quite so; i'or it will readily be believed that though most people enter these walis with light hearts nndlighter purposes, yet that some are there on anxious errands. It is so needful to let the Czar or his ciiief functionaries know facts which cannot otherwise be conveyed to them, that this disguise is assumed to plead either the innocence or the extenuating circum stances of Bome loved and long-impri soned one, and is known to have been so done with success, lfappiiy, poor Baron IS 's sorrow could be assuaged by no earthly despot. He looked mournfully at me, and only said, " Vous me faites tropd'lion neur, madame; vous me trouverez un ties triste compagnon." At all events he found me a sympathising one, for I ventured to speak from my heart's abundance, and alter a ten- earnest words we parted with a warm shake of the hand. He ought to have recognised me, for we had met before, but the sad preoccupation of his thoughts inter posed a more effective barrier than even my mask. How my good liussian friends would have quizzed me for going to a masquerade to console a poor man for the loss of his children ; so I kept that, episode to myself. I now caught sight of my kind host, Count B , and knowing that he inspired almost as much au'e as his Imperial master, I took his arm as a harbour of refuge. " I know you," he said. "Madame de S is in that division," pointing to a dense croud at one of the doors. " Keep aloof from her. Have you inlrumc the lunperor'r"' "No, indeed; I should be frightened to death." " No need for that, chere dame, you will find him i as gentle as a lamb. And he likes tall ] women, although he has not a regiment o£ ! them, like Frederick the Great." " But | Madame de S has attacked him already. 11 saw her on his arm." " All the more fun," | he said, "you will mystify him the better. I Promise me." I gave 110 promise. Die favourite vanity of Russians-that of speaking foreign languages - comes into play, of course, at a masked ball, as a means of discovering the nationality and also, to a certain degree, the social position of the mask. I went through a regular catechism 011 that point more than once. " Pat exemple, niadame, vous parlez le fran»;ais assez bien." " Aussi bien que vous, monsieur."-" All! la petite imifertinente ! Mais gavarite li pa russki ?" (parlez-vous le russe?) "Nemenoschko " (slightly).-" Und spreclien Sie Deutsch auch ?' "Ja wohl, und besser wic Sie."-"Kncore la petite imperti nente. lit l'ltalien"Si, ma poco." "lit possiblement 1'Espagnol?" "No mucho." " Ah! vous Otes une vraie polyglote. Mais l'Anglais?" "A leetle."-'"On voit que vous n'ctes pas fort dans l'Anglais. Tant mieux pour vous, madame! Soyez contente; c ost le peuple le plus detestable i au monde." This would have been too much j for a saint. So I broke out, " No, sir, 1 beg | your pardon; the best, the noblest, the i wisest, the frfcbt-you know what 1 mean ! Hie .frees', in the w ork!." My adversary stood I speecliieso ^v't'1 astonishment, and a slight murmur, not of disa;ivr?!ja^on;aJ°3e ^roin t'ie crowd collectcd round us as 1 ^vray. Doubtless some spy-for these gentry known to frequent masquerades and to speak all languages-made a note for future use of a tall woman inablack domino, and with astuall foot, who endeavoured to incite the lieges against the Government. This is a specimen of the Ulises which pass for wit. Many minutes had not elapsed before I was cross questioned again, and again ati'eeted to dis own my native tongue. When a grave looking gentleman who stood by said, " Madame, I will tell you one thing. You may pretend not to speak English, but, cependanl, you are an English woman, or le diable. You have betrayed yourself by your 'Oh 11011! Oh oui!' Only the English use the interjection ' oh ' to everything. ' Oh ! how nice !' ' Oh ! how pretty !' I have unmasked you here "-I could only ejaculate, aal wns bound to do, "Oil, yes!" We both laughed heartily, which immediately attracted a crowd, glad or any crumbs of amusement in this dullest ot all places : and while he related the story I made off, followed by vociferous repetitions of " Oh, yes," " Oh, 110!" " Oh! how nice!" 