Social. His Excellency the Governor of Victoria entertained the members of the Legislative Assembly at dinner on Thursday, June 23.' On the following evening-, the Governor and Lady Hopetoun accom paniocl by Hon. V". Willoughby, Captain "Wallington, and Mr. do Moloyns attended the Caledonian Society Ball. On Saturday, June 25, His Excellency, Lady Hopetoun, Captain and the Hon. Mrs. Willoughby, Captains Wallington and Forbes, and Messrs Ralston and de Moloyns were present at the races. On Sunday, Sir William and Miss Robinson arrived in Melbourne from 'Tasmania, and proceeded-on a visit to Government'House. On Monday evening, Juno 27, His Excellency and Lady Hopetoun, accompanied by Sir William and Miss Robinson, and Mr. do Moleyns, . attonded the fdte at the St. Hilda Town Hall, in-aid of the victims of the Mauritius disaster. To-day His Excellency and Lord Hopetoun-attend the Oaklands Hunt Club races, and they will also be present at the University ball this evening. Mns. Nicholas and Family of Toorak House, Toorak, aro away visiting their estates in the ■! AVostprn District for a few weeks. ••••-. ■ Lieutunant Eugen Aron (5th Butt., the Eifle ' Brigade) wus presented by Colouel Lee at the levee held on May 12 at St.-James! Palace, by H.R.H. the Dulte of Connaught on behalf of Her-Majesty the Queen. i Tan Wilson Hall (University) presented abeautiful appearanco on Saturday afternoon, June'25, when the Princess Ida Court hold an "At Home" to a large and fashionable assemblage. Hound the hall were scattered conversational tables and chairs, the" former draped with primrose and heliotrope silk, with a bowl of violets and orange blossom placed I thereon, as well as a glass dish of choice confectionery. I Large palms and plants formed a group in the centre of the - hall, with a base of moss, interspersed. with feathers, ferns and foliage. The platform was just as bi'ightly decorated i_ its steps were carpeted with crimson pile, and guarded on either side with palms of an unusual height. The walls were hung with soft draperies of the contrasting shades, heliotrope and primoso, which heightened the artistic beauty of tlio scono. A short programme of music and recitations was carried through, breaking,..in • at long intervals; on the conversation, and pleasantly sustaining the enjoyment of the guests. The selection which exoitod the warmest applause was a humourous recitation,.entitled..'?The- Seven Ages of Man," given,o. • ... by -Mr.' J. Blaschouk. ■ The elocutionist delivered the piece with consummate skill, his facial expressions augmenting the drollery with wliiob the recitation abounds. On being recalled, Mr. Blascheek again hit the tastes ofjhis auditors by a selection, entitled Ghosts," very cleverly delivered. At about 4 o'olook, the. lioavy curtains on the platform were drawn aside, and the students of the University lost iio time in>,procuring tea, coffee and. light refreshments from the buffet tliero placed, and handing thorn round to the visitors, The delicacies' - were very aoooptablo, sorved up in tho .daintiest manner, and distributed by the lady students, who wore academic dress. lb was nearly 6 o'clock when the last item of the programme was porfc-iunod, drawing to a cloao a vory smart "At Homo." | A raJOMFTiON to the Eov; T. Armstrong, of St. Colxiiub's, . Hawthorn, and Mrs. Armstrong (nae Tlenty), on thoir arrival Irom, tliqir. honeymoon, was parried out with signal suo6oss,uindor the management of a ; oomuxlttoo of ladies of the congregation, ixb the St. Oolumb'a schoolroom last Friday evening. J udge Moles worth, In felicitous phrases of humourous turn, congratulated the bridogroom on obtaining his matrimonial'step, and warmly welooiued tho bride, whilst Mr. Robert Wallen, in a fow well eliosen and earnest remarks, voiced the general appreciation of Mrs. Armstrong, sour., and hor many services, to both of which spooolios tho Rev. Mr. Armstrong fittingly and feelingly responded, Light refreshments wore provided during the ovoning and tho tone an.i feeling of an ordinary "At Homo" wore impnrtod to the proceedings by a pianoforte solo played in a finished manner by Miss tsootb, songs by Miss Liv./.io Gook and Mr. Mneio, with tlio reoitation of Longfellow's " King Robert of Sicily" by Mr, Herbert Vivian, embellished with an organ accompaniment provided by tho Rev. E. ■ Fethors. Among tho members of the ladies' committoo, to whoso exertions the suooess of tho reception was largely duo, wore Mo3dames Alsop, Junios AVostloy, Mneio, Spoonor, Roxburgh, Pounds, Busoouilio and Binl'oi'd, with Misses Matthews, Spooner (2), Vivian, Busoombo mid Westloy, whilst Misses Bruce (2), Armstrong and Rock lent valuable aid in tho tastoi'ul doooratiou of tho room. Tiik ceremony of laying tho foundation stono of tho Melbourne Church ol' England Grammar School Chapel, by tlio Countess of Hopetoun, took place on • AVodnosday, Juno 21), at; hnU'-pnsb two o'clock. Tho school council received His Excellency tho Governor and tho Counboss of Hopetoun nttho tower entrance, and tlion procoedod to tho ground, where a number of roproHoiitativoladloaand gentlemonliiid assembled. Tho headmaster, Br, Wilson, and monitors of tho teaching stall' woro their academic gowns, and Bishop Goo woro his cationiualH, Br. Wilson explained the origin and success of tho movoniont, and nppoalod to all those interested to oontributo to tho funds that tho ohapol might ho oponod froo of debt. Lady Hopetoun was heartily cheered when laying the stone. His Excellency the Govei* lor, Bishop Goe, the Rev. Dr. Be van. the Rev. Horace Tucker, Mr. George Jenkins, C.M.G., and Mr. F. Grey Smith addressed the assemblage. The Countess, of Hopetoun procured two holidays for the Grammar School hoys, and the ceremony concluded with the benediction pronounced by the Bishop of Melbourne. The Annual Ladies Social in connection with the University Union, which was unavoidably postponed from Thursday last, June 23rd, will take place en Tuesday evening, July 12, in Wilson Hall, University. Tickets issued for the former date will admit on July 12. Mrs. Mars Buckley held a most enjoyable dance at,her residence Toorak, last Wednesday evening, June 29, to wish bon voyage to Mr, Godfrey Buckley, who leaves for Europe at an early date. A charming entertainment, organised by Monsieur and .Mesdemoisolles Pignolet in aid'of the sufferers by the recent cyclone at Mauritius, was given at the St. Kilda Town Hall, on Monday evening,'June 27. The brilliant little comedy by Messrs. Labiclie and Martin, entitled La Pou&re; aux ycux, was presented by a company of amateurs who scored a considexable success with the play some three years ago. Mrs. J. P.Ryan personated the chief■ character, tho energetic, somewhat ambitious wife of a. struggling doctor. Her acting was easy and- graceful her enunciation distinct, and her accent had just that touch of unfamiliarity which made it more piquante than tho purest Parisian French. It was to the French just what Signora Majeroni's English was to Melbourne audiences, the more attractive for its soft, slow intonation. Miss Lottie Wagner, spoke like a Parisian and acted with delightful abandon. Miss Agnes Bell was nearly as good, but her accent was decidedly English. Monsieur Pignolet was too nervous to do himself justice until the'second act. Monsie ur Cihanvallon of course spoke well, and acted the part of Ratinois with considerable character. The other parts were adequately, supported,'though at times the players lapsed into a state of nervousness which made them forget the words they had to say. In the intervals Madame Tereso Liebe and Herr Theo Liobe played on the violin and 'cello divinely. Herr Benno Schorok and Signor de Beaupius played on the pianoforte with adinirablo effect, and Melle Nelio Pignolet and Miss Ebba Holm each sang a charming air. Miss Adey Brunei gained an enthusiastic encore for her recitations and in response receive! redoubled applause for her clever recitation of In the Usual Way. All the performers gavethoir services, and as the furnishings were also supplied gratuitously there is no doubt that a substantial sum will be idealised for the homeless Mauritians. The St. Kilda branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society gave a concert in tho Prahran Town Hall on Friday, June 24, which attracted a large and appreciative audience. The stage was adorned with pot plants and foliage, with draperies of liberty silk, and the hall decorations were effectively placed. The programme was comprised . of songs, recitations, bassoon and flute selections, which were, only conoluded at a late hour. The South Yurra Tonnis Club huvo arranged to hold n novel ontortainmont in the shupo of a winter tournament by oloctric light, to bo commenced on Saturday, J uly 9, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopotoun. The matches will be played on spacious covorod courts, at the South Yarra Skating Rink. An interesting programme of events has been arranged for ladies and gentlemen; tho ladies will play in tho aftornoon, gontleruen in the evening. In addition to this, other attractions have been provided in tho shapo of musie, a promenade, illuminated cafe, and other diversions. The second of a series of winter evening entertainments, inaugurated with signal suecess some months ago, in aid of the parsonage fund of St. Columb's Church, Hawthorn, will be held at St. Columb'a Hall this (Friday) evening. The programme includes tableaux—"Peace, Hope and Fuiuo "In Love" (a)» "The Peacemaker" (I); " Tit-for-tat," and " Homo and Foreign Flags," tho lattor being acoompanied by the singing of tho various national songs. Miss Clara Mongrodien and Miss Sara Lewis will contribute songs, Miss A. Cook and Mr. Brontnall piano and violin selections, and Messrs. F. Power, Blasoheok and Turner songs and recitations. An ontortainmont of a pleasant character took place at tho Hibernian Hall on Saturday, Juno 25, when the Reverend John Reid delivered a lecture on " Shakespeare, Poet and Man," with lime-light illustrations. The iooturo was very instructive and was received with hearty applause from tho small audience, and tho remainder of tho evening was devoted to music and song. The Caledonian Society held its seventh annual ball last Friday evening, Juno 24, which proved a most enjoyable function. There were not quite so many present as usual, owing no doubt to the depression and the stormy weather, very few Highland costumes being worn. The decorations of the hall were very beautiful. The platform was a perfect forest of palms of various species, and some beautiful variegated foliage plants, backed by an immense yellow banner, almost covering the organ, upon . which appeared the red Scottish lion. The pot plants which edged the platform were draped with red and yellow liberty silk. Thebalcony was adorned at intervals by the national standard. At the southern end of the * hall, immediately in front - of the south gallery, was a dais, very artistically furnished by Messrs. Robertson and Moifat, in front of which was placed a large golden thistle, with the word " Welcoine" emblazoned upon it. Immediately behind this hung dark tapestry curtains. Refreshments were served under the south gallery, which was partitioned off from the main hall. Curtains were hung over each door, and the precautions to keep out the bleak wind were successful. Soon after nine o'clock. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived, and were met at the entrance by the pipers, Morrison and M'.Donald, who then inarched in front of the party. On the arrival of the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun at the dais a Highland march was gone through by tho pipers, after which the first set was formed. His Excellency danced with Mrs. Hang, Mi". Lang and the Countess of Hopetoun, Mr. J. Richmond and Miss Thomson, Mr. J. P. Cameron and Mrs. Oliver, Mr. A. Thomson and Miss Richmond, Captain Wellington and Miss McGregor, Mr. Oliver and Miss Lang, Mr. N. Bayles and the Hon. V. Willoughby. Subsequently His Excellency danced a "strathspey and a reel, his partner being the Hon. Mrs. Willoughby. Tho musicians were quite hidden among the palms on the organ platform, from whence they discoursed excellent dance music. The dresses were fresh and pretty, noticeably those worn .by the following ladies:—The Countess of Hopetoun, an exceedingly handsome gown of black satin duchesse, spotted with gold, a band on the skirt, and diagonal corsage trimming was of beautiful gold embroidery, short puffed sleeves and bertha of geranium pink velvet; lovely diamond tiara, necklet and corsage ornaments. Hon. Violet Willoughby, handsome white satin gown with chiffon furnishings, a tartan sash being worn across the bodice and knotted on the shoulder; diamond ornaments. Mrs. Lang, pale steel blue satin brocaded with nut brown velvet, brown chiffon trimmings. Miss Lang, pretty smoke grey faille gown, tho corsage beautifully trimmed with passementerie and white chiffon. Miss McGregor wore a pretty pale blue silk gown with chiffon trimmings. Mr3. Knox wore a most elegant gown of red satin veiled with black net appliqued with velvet. Miss Moffat, pale primrose soft silk, trimmed with ribbon quillings. Mrs. Donald Munro, palo blue broche, gold and turquoise cintra fringe. Mrs. S. Oliver, handsome gown of black silk with deep basque of massive cut jot. Mrs. J. P. Cameron wore a pretty gown of whito faille and crystal net. Miss Coppiu, pretty soft heliotrope cr6pe frock. Miss Piridlay, very pretty frock of white silk with corsage fringe of daisies. Mrs. Morrison, heliotrope silk veiled with black embroidered net, jet fringe. Mrs. Anderson, effectivo gown of stem green silk embellished with pink roses. Mrs. Gordon, white silk and brocade with tartan sash. Miss Gordon, yellow brocade with white feathor trimmings, pretty arrangement of tartan on right side of the bodice. Miss Lnidlaw, gold colour brocade with festooned flounce of crSpe de chine, gold fringe and passementerie trimming. Mrs. Todd, black silk and ,iet. Miss Koburtson, black brocade and satin, handsome jet embollishments. Miss Richmond, effective arrangement of pink silk, and pale blue chiffon frills. Miss Cook (debutant6), pretty white silk frock, with feather trimming round edge of skirt nnd adorning corsage. Miss Daish, palest pink silk gown. MiBs Me bur lane, pink satin and dark green velvet, and a quantity of deep tinted Maltese laoe. Miss M. Thompson, pretty gown of pale blue, the front of corsage quaintly gathered. Miss MoGuinness, whito satin trimmed with violets. The annual TJnivorsity Ball, under the p .trinnge of His Excellency tho Governor and the Counteus of Hopetoun, will be held in the Town Hall, Melbourne, this (Friday) evening. Tim members of tho Christ Church Litoi.nry and Social Clubs gavo a most enjoyable danoe at the South Yarra Hall, South Yarra, on Thursday, June 23, when about one hundred and fifty guests wore prosont. Dancing was kept up in u spirited manner to the strains of very exhilarating muBio until a'late hour. Tho refreshments wero excel lent, and tho floor in first class order. Tho dresses worn were very bright and pretty, and genorally in good tasto, tho following boing specially noticed i—Mrs. Farrell, handsome black velvet gown with gold trimming, Mrs. White, offootivo gown ofbhuik luuo over wdmon silk. Mrs. Canning, suiurt white Bilk gown. Mrs. Odoll, stylish gown of crimson volvot. Miss F. Whito, pvotty whito frook. Miss ICor lookod charming in a lemon coloured frock' with sprayB of violots. Miss Goldstein, artistic dress of nrt yellow and groen. Miss Gillbanks, handsome gown of black silk. Miss F. Harrison, .pretty artistic huliotropo costume. Miss Sparrow, protty frook of bluo and silver, Miss Jo|in stone, pretty frock of pale blue liberty silk. Miss J. Goldstein, pink silk gown veiled with chiffon. Miss Borsam, classic robe of white and gold. Mrs. Wilson wore black satin relieved with old gold. Miss Musgrove, pretty black and gold gown. Miss M. de C. Berthon, heliotrope and applo green costume. Miss L. de C. Berthon, pink, silk gown. Miss N. Johnstone, simple white frock; The " Idlers'* will give a social and dramatic entertainment in the Hibernian Hall, on Monday. July 4, when the " Spitalfields Weaver" and "Uncle" will be performed. The Bohemian Amateur Orchestra will also give a number : ofselections. ' The Annual Fernvale Dance in aid of the Child-ren's Hospital, will take place towards the end of August in the New Town Hall, Prahran. ' -y-. Vjctokian Railways Signalmen's BalL will beheld in the Athonamm -Hall, Collins-street, on Friday next, July 8. The Melbourne Rowing Club will hold a ball; in' aid of the funds of the club, at the Pralmm Town Hall on Friday next, July 8. 