Carmel. I A SERMON BY THE REV. MARK OUT PEABBE. " ïne öoa that answereth by Are. -1 il iso, xviii., 24. Let us draw near to the soene of Carmel. On the one side are gathered the priests of Baal, spent and despairing, behind them the hosts of Israel hushed and wondering. On the other side there is the stern prophet. The ruddy glow of sun- set is flooding sea and earth and sky ; the long shadows fall on the hill-side as the prophet lifts up his arm appealingly to heaven, and on the still air there rings his prayer,"Lord God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Israel, let it bo known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word. Hear me, O Lord, hear me, that this people may know that thoa art the Lord God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again. Then the fire of the Lord fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked np the water that was in the trench. And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces, and they said : " The Lord, he is the God ; the Lord, he is the Ged!" This and this only is in all ages THE PROOF OF THE RELIGION OF GOD, the fire from heaven. Look at the sacrifice stretched on the altar. It is dead and beyond all power of life-a thing blood- stained and repulsive. What can you do with it? Bring your robed priests with chanted hymns and mystic sign-and what shall that avail P Bring the orator, and let him declaim about it-what difference shall that make ? Bring your arguments and strong reasons, collect the opinions of the greatest intellects of the ages-shall that check for a moment the cor- ruption to which it is hastening? Bring your groups in agony of earnestnesss, frenzied and leaping- yet it is all unchanged. But there comes the fire-then all is transformed. As if a thing of life, it goes leaping heavenward. Purged and purified, now is it unborne as on wings. No longer hushed in death, it sings with a hundred tongues of flame. Helpless no more, now is it inspired with a force that is re- sistless, and the stones melt, and the water that would quench it is "licked up.'' There is no with- standing a proof like that-the force that trans- forms from death to life, the power'that unlooses the hold of earth and bears the earthy heaven- ward-men everywhere believe in that religion, and it is THE ONLY RELIGION THAT MEN DO BE- LIEVE IN. Find a force that can make bad men good and drunken men sober, and greedy men generous -that brings into the vain and frivolous a sense of life's tremendous import j a power that makes the proud brotherly and teaches even the grumbler to sing ; you may be sure that such a religion will do its own arguing and will carry ita own conviction everywhere. Wesley tells us that at Epworth on one occasion a waggon-load of Methodists were brought before the magistrate. " What have they done ?" asked the magistrate. That was a point which the prosecution had not considered. Then said one, "Please, BÍT, they converted my wife. Before she went amongst them she had such a tongue ! But now she is as quiet as a lamb." "Take them back,",said the magistrate, " take them back, and let them con- vert all the scolds of the parish." Forms of worship, arguments on the evidences of religion, oratorical disquitions-what are they beside a woman whose ill-temper has been cured ? Look at the sacrifice and see when the fire comes THE COMPLETION OF THE WORK. There is not just a bit touched here and chere, eo that with many it should be a doubtful matter if the fire had fallen at all. There was not only a fancied smell of something burning, and the singeing of a hair. It fell upon the sacrifice, and it consumed the dust and the Btones, and it licked up the water of the trench. We must have the fire that not only lays hold of the man, but of all about him ; the transforming fire that not only goes to the innermost heart of the man, but that reaches the outermost doings and relations of his life. The religion that fails to transform the ?whole life is sure to be suspected, perhaps even scorned. Whatever theories the churches may hold, the world has for the Christian but one standard, and that is entire sanctification. It trips and stumbles over the defects of Christian people and makes no allowance for them. The world's conviction and the world's conversion depend upon the holy liveB of religious people. The church needs above everything else and the world demands this completeness and thoroughness-that alike in business and in home, in master and in workman, in mistress and maid, in pleasure and politics-all shall be true and pure, and honest and faithful. PREACHING CANNOT SECURE THIS. All religions and irreligious can preach. It is not even preaching the Gospel. Are we not some- times beaten down with the. sense of the feeble instrument that is placed in our hands for such a great work? The foolishness of preaching what is it ? What are the words that any man can utter against the forces of evil? What are wordB against the might of evil begotten in the blood, wrought into the nature, holding men cap- tive as with chains of iron? How can words cast out the devils of selfishness and pride, or cleanse the foul leprosy of lust, or raise those who are , dead and buried in sin? Do not think only of ' the great masses of the people outside, but of the men and women who come and listen Sunday after Sunday, who believe all that we «can tell them and yet are not trans- formed P What can we do against this mysterious lethargy? Bow arouse these from their sleepy, indifference? What is lacking? Everything, if preaching be all. We must have the fire from heaven. The Gospel ia the truth applied by the Holy Ghost. HOW MAY WE GET THE PIKE? This is surely the great question which concerns every disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ. For thiB to be within our reach and yet not to be secured is an awful responsibility, and awful con- demnation. The want of the world is this- men and women who will be God's lightning-con- ductors, lifting their heads above the clouds and bringing down the fire that can set earth ablaze. There is a fable of one of old who stole from the altar of the gods the sacred flame and. brought it down to earth. That fable is to be the simple and sober reality for ail the disciples of Jesus Christ. Do let ns rouse ourselves, every one, and make this matter of our most eager thought and deepest longing- how can I get this fire of God P The incident teaches us THE POWER OF ONE MAN, It was no time of great and general revival such as the Church of God has known-a time when all the tides and currents of men's thought seem to set heavenward; when spiritual influences seem to pervade the air and meet us everywhere. Far otherwise was the condition of things. All was dead, utterly dead. Ahab and Jezebel had set themselves to make the worship of Baal the national religion. On every Bide the people had yielded to this abomination. Here was one man, thinking himself the only one left on the Lord's side, yet this is he who brings down the fire. One man-we cannot transfer our responsibility. The church with which we are connected may be very dead; the people about ns may be swallowed np in money-making or luxurious living; or they may be utterly dispirited j those who could help tis may be our greatest hindrances. But the question is this-what are you going to do P Putting your circumstances at the worst, and putting yourself at the weakest-what are you going to do ? The blackest form of atheism is to believe in God and yet to despair of doing any good. Things are never at such a pass but that one man with God to help him can do a great deal to mend them. Accept your position and put the matter to the test. The God of Elijah can dp as much for you as for the prophet of old, and is aa glad to help you. Seeking as Elijah sought we shall surely And what Elijah found. ? ? . See further that THIS POWER DOES NOT DEPEND UPON OFFICE. Not as a prophet nor as a priest does Elijah stand that day. As a matter of fact he was not prophet nor priest. It does nat seem that he was ever anointed with holy oil or ordained to any office. The word of the. Lord came to him- that was all. He heard the word of God and uttered it. Ho brought no new revelation of God nor any great prediction concerning Israel. No poetry filled his soul like that of David, and Isaiah, and Ezekiel ; no visions of, the future glowed before him. Nor was he a born leader of men like Moses and David, and Gideon. He stands before us a man with one gift that made him what he was-the power to pray. This privilege is ours as much as his. It is not limited to the prophet's office nor to the priest's anoint- ing ; this is the gift that ali alike may claim. Let us every one take it to himself, lay- man as much as minister, poor as much as rich, Iowas much as high-I ara responsible-as re- sponsible as any living man-for this fire from heaven. As surely as I am a disciple of Jesus Christ, sb Burely is every promise of this power made to me ; and every condition of receiving it is one that can be fulfilled by me as muchas by any. Here office counts for nothing.' It is ONE MAN GIVEN UP WHOLLY TO GOD. There is a phrase that is almost peculiar to Elijah and his successor Elisha. It leaps from their lips as their watchward. As the Lord liveth before whom I stand-that was the secret of this man's strength. It is with these words that Elijah comes, startling Ahab at his first appearing. It is this that is left ringing in his soul at the gate of Naboth's vineyard. This man lived in the presence of God. He stood waiting, hearkening upon the voice of the Lord, then went forth girt with, the might of the Most High to fulfil it. This made Elijah the man he was-this waiting to know and this resolute going forth to obey. The man belonged to God, and his life service was to do to the letter what God bade him. That is ever the man who brings down the fire from heaven. Bo we turn from it lightly, certain that SUCH A LIFE IS IMPOSSIBLE in a condition like oura ; that it would quite unfit us for business and the thousand claims of .daily life ? Haw could we attend to the trivial things of earth and yet live a life of such high com- munion with heaven P Well ; if it be so, and we are disciples of Jesus Christ, is the most high God to be set aside P Shall we dare to set a limit to his claims and say, Thus far we yield to God, bub no farther? But there is no conflict here. Be quite sure that nothing but this innermost surrender of ourselves to him can put us in our right place towards God. There are thousands of Christians, who might each one be as an Elijah of God, and they are drifting indolently through life muttering idle excuses and bitter complaints. Here was A MAN WITH A GREAT F à ITH IN GOD. How marked is the contrast between the calm confidence of the prophet and the fierce despera- tion of the priests of Baal. "And they took the bullock that was given them, and they dressed it, and they called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon, saying, O Baal, hear us. . . And they leaped upon the altar which was made. . . And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets till the blood gushed out upon them. . . And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that Elijah the prophet came near and said, Lord God oí Abraham, of Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel." How rest- ful is this confidence ! It is the quiet trust of on« who talked to God face to face as a man talketh to his friend. Only in a life of communion with God is this placid faith found. He rests m th« God of Abraham and of Isaac and of Israel. All that God has ever been to any, all that he is ta us. His resources are available for us to-day* Wo, too, bave a great God, the Almighty. Nothing is too much to ask of him ; nothing ia too much to expect from him. The great miracles of the past are not written to mock us. The wonders that he did in our fathers' days and in the old time before them are put within our reach. And this faith was seen in the further plea«-"Let it be seen that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word." Obedience is the outcome of faith, yet it is abT true that faith is rooted in obedience. The man has faith in THE GEE AT LA W OP SEED-TIME AND HARVEST, therefore he goes forth with the plough expecting a harvest. Hut he expects a harvest also because he has complied with the conditions. If I go forth and do what God bids me in a simple dependence upon his help, I may come back with- out a shadow of a doubb that God's purpose shall be accomplished. The Gospel of the. blessed Lord is entrusted to a human ministry, and from the first has been entrusted to the ministry of a very simple people. It needs no subtlety, no splendid H kill. It asks only whole-hearted obedience, and the blessing of God must come. " I am thy ser- vant," said Elijah. *' This is no experiment of mine. If it were I might be very doubtful. Bot, O God, this is thy bidding and it cannot faiL" The Gospel is no experiment. It is God's infallible remedy for the sins and sorrows of the world. And if we set forth that Gospel in the strength of God, be sure that signs and wonders must follow in the name of the holy child Jesus. The fire comes when the sacrifice is laid on the altar. So was it of old and so is it still. The live coal that purged the lips of Isaiah was taken with the tonga from oil the altar. It was when Christ had died and risen and ascended to the Father that there oame the gift of the Holy Ghost. OUR RESTING-PLA.CE AND STANDING GROUND _ is beside the cross of Jesus Christ. There is the great manifestation of God's love j the measure of his desire for the world's salvation is there. There is the power of God for the salvation of men. There is the awful proof of the world's sin ; there is the great declaration of the righteousness of God for our forgiveness. It is only when we preach Christ and him crucified that we can claim the convincing power of the Holy Ghost. " He shall testify of me," saith Christ. So was it in the days of the Apostles-while they testified of Christ the fire of God fell upon the people. Here let us take our stand- with a new resoluteness beneath the cross of the Lord JOEUS Christ. Let us give up our whole being, our soul and mind and strength to this, making it our ambition and our passion, by the utter surrender of ourselves to God, by the life of communion with him, by earnest prayer and by a restful faith to claim for our own this gift of thé .fire of God, the Holy Ghost sent down from .heaven. 