THE LIFE OF SUNKEN SHIPS. (ScmiiNKii's Magazine.) The ships which founder in the deep sea doubtless remain for cen turies as monuments of the strange doings of the masterful creature of the land. Whatever the attitude of the craft when it is overwhelmed by the waters it is likely that a moment after it descends below their surface, it rights itself, assuming the position it occupies when sailing m quiet waters. The weight of the ballast necessarily brings it into this position. In this attitude the vessel falls steadfastly, but not very swiftly, until it strikes the bottom. It may require in the average depth of the sea, which is about three miles, a quarter of an hour or more, before an ordinarily laden wooden vessel finds its long resting place. The blow with which it comes upon the sea-floor is not likely to dismast the vessel or to wreck its hull ; the shock usually comes upon mud-like materials, sufli ciently yielding to give a little to the blS w, so that the violence of the con tact is diminished and the upright position and integrity of the hulk is maintained. As soon as the sunken wreck is at rest we may imagine that it becomes the subject of careful inquiry on the part of a host of hungry creatures who await such irhiH/all. s from above. Penetrating the spaces of the hold they make avail of all that can serve them as food. More slowly certain forms, which bore in wood, will honeycomb all the timber until the beams and planks are reduced to mere shells. At the same time a host of species which have the habit of attaching their living skeletons to any firm support, crust over anil festoon with their bodies all the external parts of the wreck, and serve to bind the frail structure together. In the course of time the fabric becomes a mere ghost of a ship, it holds together only be cause the ocean is perfectly motion less, and its parts are buoyed up by the 'water about them. In the course of ages the weight of the incrustation increases so that at last some part is borne down, and through the shock which this causes the shadow'y relic may at once melt into dust. \Ve must conceive a somewhat different fate for the modern iron ships which find their last haven in the quiet waters of the ocean -floor. Be cause of their greater weight they will fall more swiftly and strike with greater violence on the bottom. They are, on this account, more likely to be ruined by the last blow they are to receive. Moreover, their iron sides and beams afford no food to the marine animals. Nevertheless, they are attacked by the sea waters, and their decay probably proceeds so rapidly, and the gravitative energy of their metallic parts is so great, that they more quickly fall into ruins, which can hardly be as pic turesque as those of the older type of vessels. It is doubtful if the wrecks of any of the modern men-of-war which have foundered at sea will hold together for fifty years, while those sunk during the action of Trafalgar may endure for centuries in the grim semblance of battle-sliips. The idea that ships are likely to be buried in the 'accumulations which are forming on the deeper sea-floor, rests upon a mistaken conception as to the speed with which sediments are laid down at a distance from the shore. These deposits of the open oceans are so slowly made that we must decree it excessive to suppose that depth of a single inch can be formed in a thou sand years. It is likely that in no ease, save near the coast line, or in the rare places where the showers of volcanic waste bring an unusually large amount of detritus, can a ship be buried in the accumulating strata so as to be preserved in a recognisable form. If the creature of the far future, to whom it may be given to- scan the rocks which are now forming and are hereafter to be uplifted into dry land, are to find a trace of their remote an cestors in the deposits, tlioy will secure it, not by finding the hulks of great vessels, probably not far from the bones of men or the common im plements which serve them in seafar ing, but from the objects composed of glass, or more likely those made of the rarer metals, such as gold and platinum. Of the vast wreckage of an iron warship such as the Captain, which sunk in the Bay of Biskay, the hulk, great guns, and shell, 'the qimber all entombed in the slow gathered strata, the geological re mainder will perhaps be the coal of her fuel store, the gold of the watches and trinkets and the massive glass objects which abound in such a ship ; in all but a small, and little indicative, part of what went to the bottom of the sea when the vessel foundered. 