VICTORIAN MEMS. Theie are in Melbourne and its raburbi 121 recognised football clubs, putting about 3000 players into the field every aiturday. The Melbourne Age energetically defends the football field as "a rival to the billiardroom, the betting-shop, and worse—races !'' The Victorian police are diligently searching for a " ghost," who has beau frightening some young women nearly to death at Externwick, near Melbourne. The Minister of Railways does not favor the idea of taking over the Dtokie to K*tam*tite tramway, seeing that it does not pay (he local council to keep it open. Mr. Graves is of opinion that if there were not included in the ranks of the Government some "greybeards who chewed their meat «ith dentist's teeth" it would soon cease to exist. Mies Frances Siville (Madame Simonsen'a talented danghtc) has captivaicd tbe critics of Brussels. They prophesy tbat she will snatch the lyric laurels of Australia from Madame Melba. Judge Molesworth says that in dealing with insolvent estates which pay the magnificent dividend of one farthing in the pound he will insist on all technicalities beit<g strictly observed. The Age says : —" If the Pan-Acgliccn competitions were to iuc.u le contests in burglary, and swindling, and general rascality, Victoria would have an exsclleut chance ot the pnz^p * r Geo. H*v, late secretary of the Tanners' and Curriers' Union, Melbourne, who was recently fouud guilty oi embtzz^ng nearly £20 oi tha S9ciety'<i money, has beeu eenteuced to nine months' gaol. The Minister of Education continues to receive protests and petitions against the closing and amalgamation of schools. Oa analysing some of the petitions, however, they were found of little value. Writing about the " burglar boom " in Victoria, the Melbourne Argus adrrcites tha adoption ef tbe French s>«iem—magisterial interrogation of suspected peisons; tut only in tbe case ot those who h*ve already setved two sentences. Tbe Melbourne Argus says that the Victorian budget ie self condemned l>y the proposal to raise £600,000 per annum more than is actually rtquirtd. "A period ot depression is certainly not the time to add to the burdens if the community !" Mr. Bast is v*>ry importunate for a place on the Treasury Bsr.ch, tven if it is without a portfolio, and he is ULcessirg in rtmindicghiB patron, Sir Graham Beny, what a Very useful heuchm&u; he is. Youi<g men like Mr. Best generally devote .heir whole attention to their private business, but with the fatuousness of he legislator with sma'l political abilitv, Mr. Bi-st is dctcroihit'd !•> ••<«•• hin»> I : • t '••> iront. The Secretary fcr Atricuhun? will ffcortiy issue a circular to the butter f: c orieo dt-Uiliug the conditions cf the export trade for tha following season. TH- Givernment propose to allow bonuses sot rxeeeding per ib„ and tbe season's shipment is exptcttu to reach 3000 tons in txcees of tne quantity exported last y< ar. Ample cool opace bas been sernrod in the vessels of tbe Orient and P. and O. Companies. Oae of (be finest collection of alligators in any part ct the world is now on view at the Melbourne Aquarium, where by tbe recent addition of a huge man-eating crocodile from Qieensland, the occup*n?s of tbe saurian tank have been increased to half a d. z n as murderous-looking reptiles as one might wish to see in & lifetime. They are in eplendid condition, aod the new arrival 1*, in the language ot his keeper, a "anperb" specimen of his class. An attempt was made last week to wreck the 8 25 Tallarook train. After passing Trawoal station, and while travelling at the usual rate of speed round a very sharp curve, Driver Redmond felt a Budden shock. He immediately pulled up thetraiD, and on going back to ascertain thj cause a sleeper was found near the rails, showing that it ha-i been placed serosa the line. Fortunately the engine was fitted with a cow-catcher, which threw the sleeper off the track. A proposal which is about to receive consideration is the issue of lon^ service and good conduct medals tc officers of the colonial defence forces. The Agents-Gsneial of the colonies have been communica'ed with by tbe Secretary of Siate with a view of having a common understanding arrived at as to regulations based on those of the Imperial War Office, and the first step to be taken is to secure tbe concurrence of the different Governments to the proposal. The motion submitted by the Treasurer to collect an excise tax on beer from the 15 h inst, cannot be given iffect to for some time to come. The proposal is to place a tax of 21. per gallon on colonial beer brewed from malt and hops only, and 3i. per gallon on that brewed from sngar, &i.; It is not intended to collect the tsx until a Bill, now in coarse of preparation, is passed. This Bill will not be submitted to Parliament until the first item in the Budget has been passed. Erpart opinion is against the practicability of telephonic communication between Melbourne, Sydaey, and Adelaide. A deputation from the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce has arranged to wait on the Postmaster- General this week in reference to this matter; but the Intercolonial Postal Conference held in Melbourne on Saturday decided, after hearing estimates, that tbe establishment of telephonic communication between the capitals could sot be made to pay. The action of the Minister of Pablic Instruction in prohibiting State school drawing masters from giving instruction in the technical schools in tbe country, has naturally caused some dissatisfaction among those immediately concerned in the matter. The Minister considers he has good reason for the course be has Adopted, inasmuch aa it has been represented to him that to allow the State school drawing masters to do double duty means that private teichers are unfairly handicapped in their (.flirts to gain a livelihood. When the Naval Brigade were recently notified that in accordance with the retrenchment policy, they, in common with tbe militia, would have their pay reduced to .£11 pet year they obj ected, but offered to forego the whole of the money for one year provided no subsequent reduction were made. The Defence authorities have considered their offer and have declined to accept it, as they consider it would be unwise to allow of such procedure. It now remains to be seen what will follow on the part of the men. In connection with the decision arrived at by tbe present Government to close tbe Portland gaol, a detachment of eight of the prisoners confined there passed through Hamilton by the midday train on Monaav, en route to GeJong, where they will have to do the remainder of their sentences. The men were handcuffed two and two together, and were in charge of Sergeant Graves and Constable Evans. It was intended to send nine prisoners to G^elong, bat one of them, an old man named J«mes Carter, who had been sentenced at Warrnambool to Bix months' imprisonment for arson, cut his throat about midnight on Sunday night. Melbourne papers rccord the death of Mr. Sydney H. Hart, a well-known member of the musical profession, who passed away at his residence, Qieen-street, West Melbourne, after a lingeriug illness, from consumption. c Mr. llirt, who had only reached the comparatively early age of 49 years, wa« a member of the original Lyster Opera Company, and also of the Z rbini quartette, and besides took a prominent part at* different times in clastic b oncerta. Thn deceased gentleman had been t a -colonist of 30 years' standing, and was noted fwrw among' his large circle of friends for his geniality and good fellowship. Mr. Hart married some years ago Miss Anderson, the sister •of tbe talented pianist to the Duke of EJlnburgh, who is now 14ft to deplore her loss. b ..Apparently the Government have determined to apply the pruning knife in the t shorthand writers branch. At the last meeting o of the Vuicultural Bjard an intimation wag 3 received that the shorthand writer would only attend in future when any matters ot considerable importance were discussed. The board did not relish the notification, the chairman remarking that if the proceedings were not to be recorded the board might as well terminate its exlatenoe. A resolution was carried thet tbe gwrmnwt to to »»oir all the proceedings to be reported and pnHish*! at le«t once in three months in the Viticvltural Journal, and thet the j >urnal which is now prepared and awaiting publication be issued at once. At the last meeting of the Euro* Vine and Fruit Growers' Association, Mr. H. W. Potts, chemist, of Earoa, late of Melbourne, read a paper on " Egyptian Brown Dscarf Corn," and exhibited seed and samples grown in the district. He claimed that this cereal affords to the dairying districts of Victoria an invaluable fodder for the summer months, it being comparatively independent of rAinfall, and reaching main fry in the monthsof December, January, and February, at the time when the natural herbage has vanished. This plant promises to be of such value that the Department of Agriculture has requited for inclusion in the next issue of the Agricultural Bulletin. Tbe manuscript was read on Monday before the Euroa fruit-growers. Ttie complaints are loud and long in connection with the action of tbe Premier in singling out for special retrenchment a few experienced (.fibers in tbe fourth class of the Public Service. These officer?, in addition to receiving this smallest increments in the service, viz, £10, until they have reached £300 a year, are entitled by the Act to two long service increments of £25 each, payable at intervals of five years. Thus it takes 19 years to go from the minimum of .£210 to the maximum of the class which is fixed at .£350 This action of the Premier follows upon his assurance that increments would not be touched, and the proposal is condemned as showing unfairness on the face of it, as it singles out individuals for special treatment. Now that a-number of contracts are under way for the construction of tbe main outfall sewer of Melbourne, the Metropolitan Biard of Works has invited applications for inspectors for brick, concrete, and other work. These applications, which number about 1000, ate from all classes of people, and it would seem that halt tbe pjpulation now unemployed consider themselves competent to discharge the duties of works inspectors. If tbe members of the Officers and Servants' Committee are to give consideration to evety application it will take them many a week to get through them, and for the purposes of selection 20 or 30 applications would be ample. The pay attached to the position is 131. per day, and this must be looked upon by tradesmen as a very satisfactory salary in theas days of depression. A horrible o'jict, which proved to be the body of a middle-aged man, but so greatly decomposed that identification, except by the clothing, is impossible, was recovered from the Yarra a few dav£ since. The body was first noticed by Mr. Ed. Licas, a resident of S rath Melbourne. It would appear that the body has been in the water for several months. The clothing consists of a black Baaufort coat, a black waistcoat, striped Weed trousers, and a white necktie with blue stripes. A sum of 4£i. and a silver watch with brass chain were found in the pockets. Deceased was apparently a man of medium build, about 5ft 5in. in height. Descriptions ot numerous persons, who have been mining for months paBt, are at the Morgue, but - so far as the Morgue caretaker has discovered none of them tally with that of the dead man. A case arising out of the closing of the Mercantile Bank has cropped up at the Mount Mori&c; court. The Shire of Bwrabool sued W. A. Mallet for £3 5J. for overdue rates. Ic appear* that Mallet paid the amount due on 27th February by a cheque on the Mercantile Bmk. The rate collector came into Geelnng on March 6, and found the bank closed. The shire contended that, as tbe cheque had been dishonored tbe defendant was still liable. Mr. Price, lor the defendant, however, quoted authorities to show that if the cbtque is not presented within a reasonable time tbe holder takes the risk of the bank's tailure. In this case the ch> que should have been presented within three days, but seven were allowed to elapse. The police magistrate concurred with the counsel for the defence, and dismissed the case, with £2 2». costB to the defendant. .An old and respected resident of B ilwyn, named Sven Nelson Weidemann, was gored to death by a bull on the lUh inst. He want into one of his paddocks, accompanied by an employe, to remove a ball. The young man, who was leading the animal, which was unusaally restive, by a string, informed his employer that he did not think the ball was in a good temper. Mr. Weidemann, who was a stick, did not pay much attention to this, advice, but struck the bull on the nose with the stick. This excited the animal, and tbe man who was leading it advised Mr. Weidemann to run. Mr. Weidemann started, bad not gone far when he was pursued by bull, who tossed him in the air and then mutilated his body. SaveTal people witnessed the catastrophe, but were unable to render any assistance. The bull was afterwards destroyed. Jack Cohen, the young mm who bas been murdered at Stirling, near the Haunted Scream, was a well-known storekeeper. He was a native of Boggy Creek, the locality former diggings near Baimsdale, and was years of age. He originally commenced business at Deptford, but proceeded from there to the Haunted Greet The name of this locality is supposed to be derived from a rumor that a character known in the olden days as Billatat Harry, and who claimed to be Sir Roger Tichborne, was murdered there ; a theory, however, unsupported by testimony of! W k »na. After» brief residence in StitUag, Ciben came to Melbourne and carried on tu'inera for a period of two years in the Sydney-road, in the vicinity of the Saran Sands Hotel. Ia 1889 he returned to the Hauntfd Creek and repurchased the old storp, in which he was mardertd on Saturday night. Mr. Spenc? opened the Dundas Parliamentary bye-election campaign by addressing a large meeting in tbe Hamilton town ball on Monday evening. He claimed to be a Democrat, and would tax every landed interest. If a farmer had only 100 acres, he said he would put a tax on his unimproved land values. He denied that he was a Trades Hall candidate, but one connected with the country unions—a distinction with very little difference Mr. Spence is, at any rate, the Progressive Political League candidate, and tbe Progressive Political League interests and the Trades Hall interests are identical, as everybody knows. At the commencement of his address Mr. Specce read a lesson to the Nationalist party in this constituency by explaining that at the general election be was pressed to come forward, but retired in favor of Mr. Simuel, rather than split the pfirty vote, considering that a man had a duty to perform to his party and his country, as well as to himself. In reply to a question put by Mr. Steny in in the Legislative Assembly recently, the Minister of Public Instruction promised that a proposal should receive consideration that teachers who have been 30 years in the public service, and have not yet arrived at the age of retirement, should be entitled to leave the service on the allowances to which they would be entitled. Ot inquiry into the matter it has appeared that it would be undesirable to adopt any general rule on the eulject, as firstclass teachers in full possession of their professional powers might be induced to retire from the service, so 'that the promotion of younger teachers would be gained at the expense of the State. It is thought, however, that there would be no objection to some rule of tbe kind being anopted in regard to teachers who are not in the best of health, and whose powers are failing. The nutter would appear {to be one in which it is necessary that a discretionary power should be vested in the Minister and permanent head of the Education Department. A Mr. Baaachamp, speaking at the annual kneetlng of subscribers to the Immigrants' Aid Society, in Melbourne, expressed the opinioD, jbased on a long experience of charitable institutions in Victoria, that'too much encouragement was given to people to become loafers on society. If, he added, they were forced to do work they were capable' of, there would not be so many spongers on charities. There is a good deal of truth in what Mr. Beauchamp says. The difficulty which the agents of charitable institutions have tograpple with is to distinguish tbe really deserving poor, who are willing but unable to find work, from the professional loafer, who can nearly always manege to make out as seemingly good a case for relief as the genuinely desticate. Whenever special effirts are pat forth to relieve distress, a host of loafers rises up to share in the distribution. It is worth the While of those who are just now vising with each other ia their exertions on behalf ot the destitute to consider to what those exertions are infallibly leading. The result of the awarding of prists at the Australian Sheep Breeders' Annual Show was that the highest honor for the best merino ram exhibited was taken hv Messrs. M'Fttland Brothers, of Barooga, Naw S>uth Wales. The ram was bred by bis exhibitors, and also took the champion priei as the best stroBg wool ram in the show. In competing for the championship of all classes, Messrs. M'Farland's sheep had as his opponent a ram bred by Mr. S. M'Caughey, of New South Wales, but now the property of Mr. Joseph Mack, pf Bsrrybink, L'smira, Victoria. Mr. Mack's ram is grass-fed, but nevertheless he was placed before another of his owner's sheep, which had the advantage of being artifiiiallyfed, in the contest for the fine wool championship. The champion priz^ for the best merino ewe In the show went to the executors of the late S. Ritchia, of Woodhouse, Ponshurat, for a ewe over 2$ years old, which also took the champion priza as the best strong wool merino ewe in the show. Messrs. Thomas Dowling and Sons, of Jellalabad, came next with their 2-tooth ewe, which took the champion pr-Zi as the best fine wool ewe exhibited. It will be seen that the judges selected the atrong wool sheep as the ultimate champions of the show. In the classes for long wool sheep Mtssrs. W. and R. Forsyth took most of the prizs», including champion for both ram and ewe. While on his visit to the mallee coun«ry in Victoria Mr. Copeland.the Minister for Linds was driven from Warracknabeal, in tbe Wimmera district, to Mr. Liscelles' settlement at Hopetoun, a distance of nearly 40 miles through country which has been transferred from mallee scrub into wheat fields. The mode of treating the scrub was somewhat novel as it is rolled down by heavy Ingj 0f wood' drawn by horses ot bullocks. Tuis process effectually breaks down the scrub close to its roate, and when dry the Btubble is destroyed by fire. The next feature in working the land us the nse of stamp-jamping ploughs, harrows and scarifiers, without which the tilling of the roil for the reception ofseed wheat would beimpossible. The Minister is of opinion that there wom lions of acres of mallee and pine ecrab in N.S.W, available for similar treatment Mr Lttoelles begin operations on the 1st Sentem,' be* iwt year by rolling $ Qva i^fo*^ 9000 of which he planted with wheat. He if now negotiating with the V.ctorian Govefnment for permission to baild a railway fropf Beulah to Biseboroagb, and from thett to Hopetoun. If this is granted, he mtisnaa tip clear another 20 000 acres this season. Next year he expccts to have from 30,000 to 35,000 acres under wheat. He bas already laid out the town known as Hopetoun, and brought water to the locality. Out of the 9003 ab'rtii nnder wheat, 6000 were worked on the ehart basis by farmers, mostly from South AosttraJW. Mr. Liscelles rolls down the mallee and bttrps it eff; the farmers ploagh and fum'it/^bo, they have the right of the land for three y^Wp. He finds the first year's seed, and the farnatt supplies the rest. He takes'one-third of thfc produce, and the farmers the remaining fcwothirds. Mr. Gatch, of Gordon and Gotcb, has jqrt imported two Egyptian mummies, respectively male and female. He was moved to bring hither these relic? of remote antiquity and early civilisation in order that he might present them to the National Museum, Melbourne. He had discovered that, whereas in tbe Sydney museum they have mummies, or at any rate fc mummy, in the Melbourne collection of cariosities they have cone. Therefore being indisposed to allow the northern metropolis to hav$ tbe advantage of her southern and youngeir sister in the matter of mummies, he has had brought here these long ago deceased calebrities. It is as yet not quite clear to what dynasty they belong, or ia what epoch b o. they flourished. They have not been enrolled, so that all that has so far been seen of them is their encasements, which it would be vulgar to call coffi is, not to say <( ciskete,** that mogt detestable American innovation* The gentleman at first proposed that they should be unpacked in the hall of the Rjyal Society, in the presence of some principal members of that learned (?) body. Bat he has ascertained that the only olj j cU of interest in which the Royal Society concern themselves ate worms, big and little^ and unbusiness like sponges, for the discovery and development of which the Government of Victoria grant a liberal subsidy. The gentleman, therefore, has determined to have tbe unrolling done at the Exhibition* buildiDg, if the trustees have no objection, and he proposes to invite such archcse.ogists, and especially such Egyptologists as take an inteiejt in antiquities, as may be in Melbourne, to assist at the ceremony. The casS whi^h contains the lady is profusely covered* WitV most delicttely painted hieroglyphic?, "which to those who are conversant witb this fcind of caligraphy will, no doubt, convey a full hlstory of the circumstances relating tb tbe occU^ pant. With any person learned in this' kind of writing the gentleman will be happy to communicate. 