THE WOMAN'S WORLD - .. : V- The Librarian of tlieLondon-Univcrsit-y says that ever .-iuco women were admitlod tothc examiu:iiu,ii-.. v; ' ho prepares for examination days extra but ths i, water. This is because the gentle sex so persist ei-tlv'- - over-work themselves and get nervous and cxcue.i v 1 that ssiuo of them always taint, or at least f,w-l rc:?- ' unwell that they have "to give. up.thc examination."-..,?. The men and boys, on the contrary, t ake every I !. ugSf very cosily, nnd never havo to be resuscitated in !!>''- librarian's office. - ----- a fashion of tho moment , is 'to givo " coloured " dinners or luncheons. Pink, or yellow, for jn-t:iuc y tho wliolq of the table decorations being cn rned'out in various vlmdea of the selected colour, evni the sauces, ices, ind creams being tinted' to 'correspond. Tho newest menu- card is a tiny Louis XV. senV'i, ; with c'siborately gilded sides and top. To ho ablo to make" Auld things look .minis! a.s- \- wool's the new" used to bo considered, high prai-v. Now it is the other.. way — at least witli furniture, and lady decorators are successful in proportion, as thev can imitate old Chippendale, old oak, or old Slicnuo-i -furnituro. Sometimes tho old habit is too strong for - ; tlum, however; for instance, when a quaint ol I . spinctt is convert e. I into a prosiac sideboard, t-.ud ; instead of the ghosts of old-world romance?, odours of dinner and black-coated waiters hover round i'.. Such aro tho mistakes that orer-zcalous lady decora tors sometimes mako. Now that tho whooping cough season is at hand, and tho cast wind introduces other disagreeatilo j forms of catarrh into the land of tho Lilhputs, tho \- subject of tho little ones' dress (remarks an authority on children's clothing, writing in tho Daily Ne.ee) is worth a thought or two. They have all been having new raiment, both' boys and girls, and after : j the trials of standing still to be fitted and triea on, ; and the proximity of cold steel in tho form of scissors ! when tho " neck was sloped," they aro eager to ex- : perionco tho pleasantsideofnow clothcsand wear them as soon as possible. The children associate light tints and thin fabrics with summer joys, and vaguely hope to enjoy tho. latter when they don tho former. But the judicious mother knows too well that the east wind is much more treacherous and dangorous than the hard frosts wo have so recently experienced. AYarm winter garments are not to bo lightly relinquished, or, if any change be made in the upper strata, tho thickness of those beneath must rather ' be increased than r diminished. It is difficult to obtain sensi bio under- garmonts for tho littlo ones. They generally stop short just whore warmth is needed. Small petticoat- bodices are cut away round the shoulders, leaving i Hi upper part of tho chest and back without the pro tection they afford to tho rest of the body. Tho really sensible petticoat comes up ns high as the drcsn, . with the exception of tho collar of the latter. Many experienced mothers choose this dimerous season of early spring for pnttmgnow flannels on the youngsters. They know that often a cough and cold is thu.i averted. But too frequently tho old traditions aro followed. The nursery folk are invested with new, warm flannels in autumn, when they are not half so badly needed as now; In -. form, tho small garments retain the impress of the "good old times," when children wore, low bodies and short sleeves all day long, nnd the under wear had to be planned consistently with this custom. Strong and hardy men and women were, it is true, sometimes roared under this syst.om, but modem physicians aro unanimous in condemning .it-. Tho climate may have changed. The characteristics and habits of our race may havo altorcd. Certain it in - that the children of this generation aro stronger, healthier, and happier when neck and arms aro clothed than when tho vanity of mothers causes t ha pretty little chest and arms to bo displayed. Short socks are now seldom seen on any but babies in arms. Long, warm stockings of pure wool aro tho rulo in winter and spring, substituted by a mixture of wocll and cotton or Lisle throad in summer. | It is quite possible to dress children hygtenically j without making frights of thorn, though some parents I do not seem to think so. They turn out their girls j such objects that the sensitive little souls aro exposed to the ridicule of their small world, with disastrous effect upon the tender, gentle spirit. A favourite fad is that of keeping the hair cropped short, like a boy's. It is true that undue length of locks is burdensome to tho youthful head and injurious in more ways than ono. But there is .a happy medium which avoids this, and at the same time permits tho hair to be tho ornament which it is evidently meant by Nature to he. Another ugly item in the programme of tho hygienic school is the loose blouse bodice, which has absolutely nothing to recommend it. It makes tllo small wearers look round-shouldered ; and though its reason for existing is based on the theory that it averts tightness round the waist, every mother knows that the tendency of nursemaids is to tightqn its fastenings in order to get- rid of some of ite mntidy effect. Another good argument against it is its chilliness. It bulges out from the figure and 13 not half so warm as a garment that fits more" closely. Perhaps the very best ; form of house-dress for children is that which originated some seasons ago in tho jersey costume for adults. ; It consists of a long- waisted bodice, to which a short skirt is attached, tho whole being made of warm stockinette, or woollen material. The bodice comes down well over tho hips, and has either a wrong, side of warm woolliness or a lining of some pure wool-fabric. The ordinary dress linings of the grown-up wearer are all wrong, especially forcliildren. They interfere with tho benefit- convoyed by the wool. During tho severities of the past memor able winter some sensible mothers had their little girls dressed in gowr.s of tho above description, worn over warm woollen knickerbockers to match, with but one comfortable knitted petticoat between. This was, like tho woollen underwear, made to come up well in the neck. The outer dress could be modified to differences of temperature. Ribbed woollen stockings of the closest and most protective make, cover the legs, and must, on no account, he short. They should cover the limbs well up beneath the knickerbockers. In nttire of this order many a happy little girl hns felt as independent ns her brother during the long dark months, and has escaped tho chills and coughs that so easily beset the young in our English winter! . .Nothing bcttct could be devised for their wear throughout! clie next few weeks, " till May is out." However bright and balmy a day may shine upon us here and there during the next two months; there is certain to 00 a. return of the chill east wind. During the last few; years, with the one brilliant and delightful exception of May, 1890, we have had hardly any warm weather till the end of June. . v . ; : 