The Wombeyan Caves Road. Sin,-In a rpci.nt issue of your pager,, vou re-(hiblisiicd n letter fi-oiu the Australian S ar signnd " Retrenchment," in wliich ihe writer, burning svitli economic and patriotio zeal (at the ruto of a smallvoloano), iu tha most abject torins beseeches the Honorable' the Minister for Workw, to put liis foot on ths alleged " scandalous waste of public-. moneys " that would re.-ult in constructing the 10:1 <1 to tho cuven from this (listriot, and iifier railing about " siding* and cuttings"' on the pnpoxed road (whoever hoard of a. rotid witl.outthem) he winds up with a wail about the expense of a bri Ige to cross the Wolloudilly. What a mare's nest? Who but he ever said that a bridge would bo wanted '? Tlie river (except of coiir-e dur ing floods) being foi'dable requires no bridge and as tourists and excursionists don't generally go "outing" in flood time, tlioy very natu-aily wou't require a bridge to cross the river. This writer farther alleges-without <i grain of truth-:bat a few wealthy peoplo about Bowral are the only persons wanting this road: but what about " Retrench-. ment" himself,-instead, of across the Wolloudilly is lie not really thinking of the proverbial political bridge and whi-h, of course, lie naturally wants " agin his own door," ; a id ns an advocate only, is he, or h In' no" subsidised by two or three wealthy pub ic -lis at Taialga and Gonlburn to oppose bur ro.td? And is lie not simply the mouth pie) e of a few individuals at his '. end of the stick," who want, the money spent in their own instead of this disLrict., and who also iears perhaps a iittle perspective loss of trade should the road be constructed here ? In other words-whilst advocating " Re trenchment" and posing as a patriot (of the real Brummagem type) is he (the writer iu question) not simply noting just like a little " dog-in-the-manger " business at the expense of the people here ? I leave your readers to judge! In a previous communi cation to you, I have given several man swerahle reasons why the proposed road from this district to Caves should be constructed, and it is unnecessary to repeat them. But the ideal road par excollenoe fathered by " Retrenchment"-from some imaginary point on a mystical railway line to Taralga,. thence to the caves-is really too dreamy too thoroughly incomprohensible for ordin ary mortals to grasp, and reads like " a real ghost story from the Review of Reviews. Youra, *c" CRITIC US. 