Public Meeting. A public meeting was held in the Royal Assembly Rooms last Tuesday evening under the auspices of, tho Foowoomba Workers' Political Association', 'for the purpose of protesting against the return to black labour proposed by tho Gruvernmont, and to demand the release of the union shearers convicted of conspiracy &c.; during the late strike. Tho attendance, all told, could not have numbered more than 600, and of these quite a large proportion were boys who voted conscientiously on all questions and discharged the function of maintaining order by hooting down anything of an irrelevant nature. Happily, very little ' desire, to question the truths laid down by the various speakers was manifested, so that the meeting passed off comparatively quietly. A considerable amount of curiosity was evinced before the meeting as to the general ' appearance and oratorical powers of tho ' chosen of tho Barcoo,' and that the result justified the general expectancy on tho first count was amply demonstrated b- tbo uproarious applause which greetod Mr. Ryan's nupearance. Tho president of tbe organisation, Mr. Laracy, occupied the chair, and with hiin on tho platform wero Mr. Gilbert Casey, of the A L.F., and soveral well-known local public men. In opening tbe proceedings the chairman said it was impossible to stay the policy of the Government with regard to black labour, but be was sure they would hear something iu teresting from the lips of Mr. T. J. Ryan, M.L.A. ' ' Mr. .Joseph Stirling, in a- short speech, deprecated the notion of the Government in passing a measure fraught with such en (jroBsing interest' to the colony as the Pacific Islanders Extension Bill without an appeal to the constituencies, and attributing the present dopression rather to Boss Tozer's masterpiece and Griffith's borrowing proclivities, than to tho labour leaders, proposed the first resolution as follows : 'That this msoting records its most em phatic protest ngainst tho unconstitutionl action of tbe Gnvernmont in introducing Kanaka labour without an appeal to tho con sticucucieB.' Mr. Bratchford referred to tho present cimo as being opportune for the expression in clear tones of the opinioua of tho working men of tho oountry, and seconded tho vesoln tiou. Mr. T. J. Ryan was then introduced by tho chairman and received with a porfect tornado of applause. Aftor ro turning thanks for the heartinoss of bis reception, Mr. Ryan roviowed the pircum? stances which attended tbe passage of the Pacific Islanders Extension Bill through tho House. It was opposed by only two or three members with any degree of zeal, although the division lists showed tbo malcontents to number some 13 or 14. Any action thoy might now tako would bo useless; for while he was speaking it would havo no doubt successfully survivod tho third roading, and be. phiced on tho morrow before tho country as law. Ho held that although tho depression existent in the colony had beeq advanced as an argument in favor of the resuscitation of kanaka labour, tho withdrawal of tho kanaka was not responsible in the first iustanco for tho consummate stagnation of commerce nor would a revival of the trade help matters in the slightest, White men m.id ? Queensland . and Queensland')) prosperity had been injured hy ths same hands. Thn only effect of grant. ing tho privileges of indenting black labour »o the planters would be to enablo them to de clare larger dividends from tbo profltB accumu lated through savings in tho costs nf produc tion. Referring to a speech of Mr. Huino Block's, in which that gentleman stated that not only wero kanakas employed in tho sngar millB, but rightly so, ho took it as a significant sign tbat tho aim of tho ? present legislation was tn bring tho nijtjer into competition with thj Christian in every industry possible, although that thi- latter body should attain sui-b a degree of dcspicablcncss ns to 'hink of putting in a tender with a kanaka com petitor for any kind nf work he hoped never to see. Ho considered it an honour to be numbered amongst the small minority who opposed tho Government, which minority he held to bo composed of certain, reliable, and honest representatives. Referring to the speech of the Secretary for Lands, Mr. Cnwloy, which had ocenpied him 3 weeks in preparation, he asked how that gentleman's statement that 700 kanakas were employed in the_ growing of semi- tropicil products and fruits, looked alongside statistics propounded by the ' square and level hooded gentleman ' called Mr. Drake, who estimated tho number at 70. Ho held that Mr. Cowley's suggestion tbat large tracts of forest country be cleared by kanaka labour and leased out in small parcels to white farmers would, bo a most objectionable course, inasmuch- ns it must eventually lend to the many' evils which attended the landlord and tenant arrangements. Such a suggestion was moreover a clear indication that Mr. Cowley, w.hn rejoiced in tbe titlo of ' King of tbn kanakas,' believed that the production of cane by whito labour was possible. But an ordinarily modest man hadn't the ghost of a show in the present Parliament to enunciate views hostile to tho Government. A colony of wits, or so-called wits, existed there who made a point of badgering opponents, and if any man not possessed of a large share of courage chanced to encounter this body he stood1 a very fair ebsreo of being squelched in one act. N.i unbiassed mind ho thought, would deny that in coming to Queensland tho kanaka was coining in abject slavery. In their own country hard work was unknown ; no industries were they engaged in; the wants of the islanders, which wero few, were all supplied by tbo bounties of nriture. [Mr. Hallinan ventured to doubt this remark but was constrained to knuckle dortn to the authority of the 'ooters.] Mr. Ryan, continuing, referred to tho possibility of employing the kanaka in the pastoral in dustries in case of depression, which ho said would be perfectly just, according to tho logic of tbe Govprnment and would havo tbe effect of completely wiping out all chance of em ployment for whito labour. Ho failed to understand the assertions of the planters that kanakas were at present scar:e in the colony, when according to tne cenBUs there were 10,000. About 1800 of these wero shown by., tho statistics of Mr, Drake to be in direct competition with white men. The fact of the matter was that the kanakas had awakened to a sense of their importance and demanded more wages, and tho only thing tbat was now required was the despatch of a couple of agitators to induce them to form a union. The'pluntera objected to tbe omployment of white labour on the ground tbat it was unreliable. Ninety five per cent, of field labourers wero kanakas, and in this section of tbe industry pertnau ency of employment was only practicable. All the whito men employed during the crushing season were thrown out of work at its conclusion and were forced to seek employment in other planes during the in terval. The consequence, was that n-hen the crushing season again came on they were not available. It looked like a conspiracy between the capitalists to squelch white labour. He .thought ? any honest minded man would agree with tbe terms of the resolution. Tbo Government bad acted not only in an unconstitutional but also in an immoral and unprecedented manner. It was a well known fact that anti-kanaka meetings had been beld in various portions of tho rolony and that emphatic protests had been lodged in Chatters Towers, Rockhampton, Hughenden, and other important centres, and it was nearly time the Government woko to a sense of their position. No doubt at the next election many candidates would declare their opposition to kanaka labour but it would then be too late to avert the mischief. Sir Samuel Griffith stated in reply to a question that the Imperial laws inter fered with tho possibility of thoir deporta tion from the colony, and thus plainly showed that be was well aware that tho introduction of the kanakas meant their perpetual estab lishment. Mr. Ryan then quoted a few extracts from tbe report of the Royal Com mission to show that during tho time tbe planters were allowed to employ kanakas before the returns in the majority of instunccs bad been nothing, and that tbe failure of the industry could not bo attributable to tbe withdrawal of the labour. He considered it was the duty of every white man to uplift bis voice against tho attempted resuscitation of tho sugar indus'try to the flagrant neglect of others much more in need of succour. Certtinlv some reference was made to reduction of railway rates, in the Premier's speech but that seems to have been forgotten on' irely. The farmers were told to look to tbe prosperity of tbe sugar industry as holding forth great pro mise to them, but he (Mr. Ryan) considered the intioiuction of machinery would do away with the necessity for horses and fodder, so that the farmers wouldn't benefit much. Ho commended tho resolution to them and he knew what their decision would be. No doubt they would like to see Queensland inhabted only by a free, happy and prosperous white race. (Loud applause.) The resolution . on being put was carried without dissent. . j Mr. Townson, in proposing tho second resolution, appealed to tbe common senBe of his hearers. He felt sure they would all agree, to the resolution ho had to propose, which was as follows : That this meeting is of tho opinion that the time ban arrived . whori the Govern ment should favourably .consider tho release of tho Union prisoners ffeiitcncbd in connec tion with tho late strike. Mr. Muhling, in seconding, eaid the prisoners were imprisoned either for nothing or for carrying a few innocent papers about in their pockets. It was extremely desirable that their case should be considered forth with. Mr. 1\ J. Ryan, in supporting tho resolu tion, reiterated tho old old story. Tho innocence, tbo moral virtue, the harmlessness, the patient martyrdom — all these- wero hauled up again and mude to do service with just a few novel accentuations which the alteration in circumstances bas added. Mr. Ryun referred somewhat modestly to his recoption in the House, Ho had been termed moderate and gentlemanly, from which bo might juBtly infer, with all duo' allowances under the cum grano salis formula, that be was a decent enough man to remain at largo. Ho himself had been implicated in several of tbe crimes charged ngainst tbe prisoners, and it was merely through a fluko that ho cscapod tbo atmosphere of St. Ilclona. From an intimate acquaiutauco with some of the lambs in limbo, Mr. Ryau could avouch tbat ♦hero wero more moderate men in gaol than him who had been chosen to represent tho electorato of Barcoo. Eyon ha.d Borne of them bepn guilty of tbe hoinous cliaigcs preferred agaiuat them hu was satisfied that tbo crimes had boen sulliciently expiated to satiate the demands of the most rigorous and exacting of ju'tices, and that ho was not alone in this opinion! was evident from tho fact that a number of tbo Downs pastoralists bad signed a petition for tho release of tho prisoners. Mr. Ryan whb lustily cbeerod throughout his speech, and it mustlbo snid to his credit that during its wholo delivery ho never once dopartod from tbo exceedingly moderate and gontlemanly demeanour which has nlrendy gained for him the esteem and r ipi-ct of those hn is ploased to call lii- f.'llow I'lrlianiPUtnry delegates. Mr. Gilbert Casey urltiDtrd the plan of ordering his outward appearance according to tbe naturo of his vocutinn, and notwith standing thn foregoing speaker's reprobation of the public estimate of an agitator as being some kind of untamed, gore-stained wild beast, Mr. Casey looked fierce. But ap pearances go for nothing, nnd when Mr. Casey had finished an account of the redtapcism resorted to in a vain atte-npt to 'jug' him, bis deshabille was lost sight of or attri buted to financial reasons. He, howover, waxed righteously indignant at the Government and seemed prepared to 'tako the lot' in hand. Tbat his friends in St. Helena should not admit the justice of their incarceration by signing a petition promulgated by Mr. O'Sul livau praying for mercy from the Government, without the approval of the A L.P., ho hold to be an example of good grit. The capitalistic Press aeain had ignominy bcaptd on its devoted head for misrepresenting things by inventing- fictitious episodes about poisoned tanks, battered police, bisected bridges, un godly shearers, otc , and Mr. Casey after a parting shot at a Government which took advantage of the apparent apathy of the peoplo to outrnge all its pledges and set at nought' all the established customs and motals, bent gracefully in the middle to a terrific outburst of applause. The resolution was carried. The next resolution : 'That a copy of the foregoing resolution be forwarded to the local members by tho chairman for transmission to the Chief Secretary,' was moved by Mr. J. Rowe, seconded by Mr. M. O'Brien, and carried aa a mattor of course. Votes of thanks to Mr. Ryan and the chair man, and a collection to defray expenses, concluded the proceedings. 