MY LITTLE FORCERY CASE, . .stter three years desperately. hard tight ing at the bar I had pushed my way into" a small but reliable practice; I was mnaking £350 a year, and could 'look forward with confidence to greater things, and so felt jus tified in asking Ellen to marry me. Of course we couldn't do very much on such an in come, hut Ellen was a wonderful manager, and although we had to live in a decidel4l small .way I can conlidently assert 'that there were no happier people than we in the whole world. For about three months'our married life was a perfect dream of joy; we were entirely.devoted to each other, aind Ellen.had a great belief in.my powers of making a career in my profession. As a matter of fact I shared this belief to a large extent. I sometimes could not help thinkk ing that 'this absolute happiness was-too ,good to last, and fairly trembled lest' any thing should spring up to mar it in'even the slightest degree. One morning, on coming down to break fast rather late, I found Ellen standing at the window with her back towards mne, reading a letter, and evidently absorbed .in its contents. "Who is your love-letter from, little woman ?" I asked smilingly.' She turned round with a start,and I noticed how ghastly pale she seemed. While I looked she flushed crimson, replying in a nervous voice, " Oh, from no one you know, dear an old school friend," at the same time thrusting the letter into her pocket.: . d The envelope was lying on the table, and I noticed that it was in a masculine: hand writing of a most characteristic and unusual style. Ellen sat dowin without saying any thing further, and poured out my coffee; I noticed how her hand trembled, (she spilt half the milk on the cloth), and asked her, " What's the matter? You seem quite up set about something-" "There's nothing wrong with me, Arthur, only I am a little tired with our long walk yesterday.' I was surprised and really hurt at her answer. You see, fronm the very commencement of our engagement we had mutually vowed to keep no secrets from each other, and up to this moment I really believed we had shared our every thought. Now here was something which was clearly of sufficient' importance' to upset Ellen to a quite unussial extent;" and when I inquired about the cause she was not only uncommunicative but actuallyjievasive. I said nothing further, but let her ~ee plainly by my manner that I was hurt by her non confidence. I have often thought since that I was entirely to blame for all the' wretched business which happened afterwards; I ought to have shown more conmplete confi dence in my dear wife, and 'Heaven knows that up to that moment, .and indeed even then, she really had my entire and perfect. trust-only I was such a fool as =to exhibit my pique to her, and, having ;dono so,: of course felt bound to: cherish it,: lest she'r should think me "'.weak..'":. For the next few days she eenmed really wretched, and would often lao to"$ uinqia"½ imploring, pitiful manhinr whlehj tanolther time '.would' have nieh"nrue eee .to.limy,: heart. Iut just no ronesy ? cae' ,o l: ith fire ndo tee oweek showe, `1 ft so I bet cameinto mylienad 'i- "The little rift m ?ih n ith, ' That byand by shall m htl ?e tair muos mute." And I felt that it really wouldy ado to play with fire in ever so small a oway..h So I got away from work an hour wearlier )than my usual time, and hurried home delighited with the thought that I would theit e' make it up." I knew Ellen wouldn't be eap4 ting me at that hour of the afternoon, so determiied to give her a surprise. I let myself in with my latchkey, and stepped softly upstairs to the drawing-room,.opened th d'oor. quickly' and saw-well, this is exactly .hist I saw. Ellen was leaning with bowed 'head against the mantelpiece, and stooping over:her with one hand on her shoulder wasa a stranger, tall and strikingly handsome, though with a worn, dissipated look arbout the eyes which somewhat spoilt him. He was, talking quickly and eagerly, and she was trembling with suppressed omotion; I caught his mur mur of " For ny sake, dear," as I took, the whole scene in at a glance, and in that -mo ment my heart seemed to turn' to raging flame. As I stood lthere gazing, they in stinctively turned round, and I thought Ellen was going to faint, sh turned aso deathly white. For half a moment she seemed unable to collect herself, and then with an evident ellort said, " Arthur, letme introduce you to Mr. Guy Hammeoraley; an old friend of papa's." He was evidently a year or two younger than myself I hate " scenes," and so simply bowed coldly," nd after a minute or two of torturer,pase sino exchanging commonplaces about thl woes ther, he left. We stood looking at one another for a minute or two, I madly longing for th 'ok planation which I had nevertheless sworn to disbelieve. ' But abo said nothing-not' a word. At last I said coldly, "Well, hive'l you anything to soy about thir? I was watching you for two minutes before yoau and your friend observed me." She flashed one quick, indignant look at me, ans thein burst out passionately, " Oh, Aithur, dear;, in Heaven's name don't askoe me to tell you anything; only believe and trust me en tirely. I dare not tcllyou."' "I can quite believe, madam, that you dare not offer an explanation of circumstances which are tooI strong for even your plausible tongue to jusetify. A for believing and trusting you -well, Heaven knows that I have done so to my cost too long already- " But at this point of my onslaught she reeled arnd would have fallen, but that I had still aseuicient manhood left to catch her as she I laid her on the sofa with a sthange," numbing pain of deadly, hopeless misery at my heart, and rang for the maid. When she casme, and Ellen began to show igns of returning consoiousness, I left the house, The sun that had been slining so brightly, when I had entercd lilf-ssn-hoir before, was now almost set. Could it be only one short half-hour sines 1 Irsd hurried into my home-our home? Soirihow I had clung passionately to the hope that she would elcar it all up, damning as tire olrornm stanees seemed. But no; sire had been true to her lover, and I felt, indeed, that I had passed out of her cosllfdence. S "The littlo rift within tire lute, That by-and-by shall mahe the musio aut."," The words seemed to mock me as they rang in my ears. The music was indeed mute now, and in place of the sweet melody to which we had been tuning our lives, was the devilish noise and passion' of hate and jealousy 'ringing through my heart, and making me, as I walked quickly down the Brompton Road, clench my hands and grind my teeth in a manner that would have justified my immediate arrest as a dan gerous lunatic. At last I got calmer. What was to be done ?! I had a kind of 'no 'tion that one must go on living somehow. For a week or two we led a terrible exis tence, seeing each other only at meals, when we would interchange a few casual remarks, while the servant was in the room. How particular we are, even at the most trying moments of our lives, to keep up appear inces before other people. I felt that I could not stand the additional torture .of the' world's gossip; the section of "the world" in which we mixed was quite as ter rible to us as the tongue-wagging of all the -aristocratic gossips and the slanders of the "society journals." No, I would conceal nmy hurt as long as possible and suffer in silence. And Ellen ? Poor child I She grew like a ghost, and though she made I now and again a pitiful little effort to renew our old relationship, the absolutely stony front which I presented to her advances was too much for her, so she had to give it up and break her dear heart. About a month after our domestic shipwreck, I picked up a note from the floor in the dining-room, and noticed the same hand-writing as that of the mysterious letter which had produced our first difference. In a moment I had grasped its contents. "'For Heaven's sake don't rouse his sus picions. It would be fatal. I rely upon you, however, to prevent him from appear ing against me, as I could not face him in court. It would kill me. Use any means to prevent him from taking up the case." There is too much against me that I can't disprove. Stonecroft is determined to pro. secute.-Yours always, Gor." So this was the end of it all. The culminating proof lay in my hand. The first.part of the letter was clear enough. It suited the scoun drel's purpose that I should be kept in the dark as long as possible. But for a minute or two I could not understand the meaning of the latter part of the letter-" Use any means to prevent him trom taking up the case." What case? Then it flashed across me. Only a few days before I had been en. trusted by a well-known firm of lawyers with the prosecuting brief in a forgery case. I It was the first case I had received from Meesrs. Brasebridge & Hackle, and it meant a good deal to me, as I had felt sure that if I made a success in it I should largely in crease my practice by their agency. It had come as a mournful sort of pleasure to me asu thought of what my joy would have bein in the old days, when such a stroke of good fortune would have been doubly plea sent from the happiness it would have Sgi~n'Ellen; and now I suddenly remem bered that the accused was a man named ?aaminersley. Tho coincidence had not struck me before as I glanced casually fthroughi 'my bief, but I understood now; though still I could not see why the man should so dread my appearing against him. It could not be that he feared my powers a. :preseunting counel-that was'too absurd I obvsmp Ply unknown onmior. S.n s , e?etthiat lhe;had `cd smen srk ofsh srod reniorso in him iwhich' ::~ie him dread ton meet thi: man'. he had I aonged' n anoh a situtation. ow all d? e old loate and passion which hid been almost dormant for a while rose in m? with tenfold force. I gloated over the spopprtunity thus afforded me of being in sitrumental in punishing in some degree the wretch who had ruined my life. "Give up the easel" Rather give up heaven itself. I `would strain every nerve and power to se cure his conviction, and having done so, I would leave Ellen for over. At dinner that 'night I mentioned casually that I had been fortunate enough to be retained for the pro secution in a rather big forgery case. She started, and eagerly asked for particulars. Watching her keenly, with a cruel pleasure, I told her all the circumstances, and then added in a hard voice, "By the way, the acoused's name is Hammersley." She was peeling an orange at the time, and it dropped out of her hand and rolled across the floor as she sank back faint and breathless in her chair, while I held my wine up to the light and inspected it as though Ihad been a con noisseur, a role in which I had never posed before. `During the next few days Ellen seemed anxious to lead up to the subject, although beach time it appeared to cost her a terrible effort, and I invariably cut the matter short. At last, the evening before the case was to come on for trial, bursting into a passionate it'of weeping, she told me that she had rea pon to suppose that the man I was going to use all my powers to convict- was her own and her father'sold friend. She knelt down by my chair, and taking my hand in hers, implored me to withdraw from the case. i.brthur, if you have one spark of affection dleft for me, don't go on with this. You do 't know what it means, dear." I turned on her as if I had been stung, exclaiming erdonically, "Don't know what it means I ,That a just Heaven has given me the oppor ?unity of assisting to send your lover to the fate he more than merits !" :Then my wife got up from her knees, and stood looking at mo with pity mingled withi acorn in her dear brown eyes. "Arthur, before Heaven I swear to you that you are terribly and cruelly wronging me, and-and" here she almost gave way-" Mr. Hammers Icy. At thie moment I could explain satis I factorily every circumstance which has turned you from me, but--" she waited a moment, and I interposed sarcastically " Well, madam. Dut--" " But I may not speak. I aon bound by my most solemn Ipromise not to reveal the matter to you as it really is;and this is not for my sake or foranother's so much as for your own-that you may be spared terrible pain, and I ap !peal to you by every token of the love you aonep Jid for me to give way on this point. : lXj ou persist in going on with it, then eviion help you, deor, and comfort you when you find what you have done." "i iis I looked at her a wave of the old love swept over me, and I said, " Elloen, even at this moment, when all my trust and confi dance in you has loft me, when my mind ad reason feel.convinced of your guilt, I wli'nevertheless, do as you wish if you will make some slight effort to atone for the m|lery you have brought on us both by con fssing1 all. Of what value can a promise. ,iodj. esuch a man be ? It was sinful to make It; and it is doubly sinful to persist in ion?cisilence." I felt a little glow of virtue a?t e conelusion of my magnanimous ,seh and fully expected that she would gt.wa. No; to my surprise she never moved a muscole. "LArther, I cannot de I 'What' you iLk'; 'it is 'bilt for you that I f should not speak now. Heaven help us all. deal!" `Then she stooped'downsin 'kissed me on the forehead,andd 'inoved quietly out of the b room with a fase of'iudh 'hOpeless, stony -despair as I pray I may -never 'see again. But at the time the passionate demon of jealousy and mistrust still held me in his clutch. My last efforts had proved power less to make her swerve from her allegiance to her lover, and now the matter was ended. I was resolved to do my best-my worst. I could not obtain reparation or even confes- e sion; then t would enjoy my revenge. The court was very full next day. My t case came on in the afternoon. It was not n'diflicult one for me. The evidence was plain, 'and, generally speaking, strong. c 'he 'facts were as'follows ;--Guy'Hammers Iey had been employed in a mercantile house in the City--the firm of Joshua Stone croft and Co. The signature of the firm had been forged to a cheque 'for £200, and the hand-writing was identified as that of fHamnrersley. Only the clumsiest efforts had evidently been made to disguise his curiously-eccentric style of ealigraphy, and and the most characteristic letters were f lecarly in his hand. Prooe was forthcoming that lie had amiple opportunity of obtaining access to the cheque-books of the firm, and s also that lie was severely pressed for money, and had been borrowing wherever he could. On the other hand, the specimens of his writing in the firmn's books were chiefly con fined to routine language, the same words beingrepeated over and over again, and it was just possible 'that, in spite of the char acteristic letters in the forged signature, the jury might refuse to conviet unless we could produce some document in which similar words to those of the signature occurred. However, I felt pretty confident as to the result. By some means or other lie accused had managed to retain the ser vices of a well-known Q.C., and as I rose to open the case, and caught his expression of calm satisfaction, I grew more nervous. The ekpert on handwriting gave his evi dence, and then the counsel for the defence rose to cross examine. As I expected, he drew attention to the want of specimens of the ascoused's ordinary style of penmanship as employed in his private correspondence, and made so many strong points that I began to lose my self-control. Hammersley was standing in the dock with his arms on the rail in front of him, anudhis face fixed intently on his counsel. He had not met my eye once yet; but I could tell that he felt exactly where I was sitting, and followed instinctively my every action. I was filled with a pitiless determi nation to ruin him if by any means I could do so. I had already made stronger efforts to secure his conviction than the evidence seemed to justify. I:felt like some avenge ing spirit. Just then one of the ushers slipped a note into my hand, end jerked his head towards the gallery to indicate whence he had received it. It was in Ellen's hand writing, a hasty pencil scrawl. . "For God'd sake, Arthur, throw up youre brief Oven now. ', He is far more to me than you dream of.' i - ' -'' i I had 'ea it turned my eyes at0 the place where 'Ellen'was sitting, looking like somo fair 'marble statue, 'and, gazing' steadily at her, I tore the note into piece, and strewed them lightly on the floor. " More to me than you dream of." I began to hate her as wellas him now. Surely she might have refrained from giving me this further reminder of the love she bore him. If I had been flurried and confuse, before, I now became as cool as a cucumber. I ran rapidly over in my mind the points that had gone against me in this case so far. Drawing fromn my pocket the accusing letter, I felt that I held in my hand conclusive proof of the prisoner's guile. By this time the counsel for the defendant had finished his cross-examination of my' witnesses- as he seemed to think with considerable suc cess-so I rose and addressed the Judge. " My Lord, I have to request that I may be permitted to go into the witness-box and give evidence." His Lordship stared at me for a moment and the various counsel turned towards one another with looks of astonishment. I re peated my request. "The course you are adopting, sir, is very unusual, as you doubt less know; but you can be sworn, of course, and tender your evidence, if you are in pos session of facts in your private capacity which have a material bearing on the case." With all eyes turned on me, I stepped into the witness- box and took the oath. " I have here a private note in the accused's handwriting addressed to my wife. It acci dentally came into my possession a month ago. In it the word ' Stoneecroft' occurs, and I ask permission to put the note into court as evidence of the prisoner's caligraphy with special reference to the word ' Stone croft' as occurring in the forged signature.' There was a disturbance upstairs. Ellen had fainted and been carried out. The note washandedup to the Judge, who scanned it curiously, and then passed it to the jury, who leant eagerly over it. I felt I had won the case. The eminent Q.C. op posed to me requested permission to see the document which had "been sprung upon the court so suddenly, and with such an appearance of mystery." He smiled contemptuously as Ihe looked at it, and then conimenaed to read it aloud, first saying, ,,I shall have no difticulty in proving to you, gentlemen of the jury, that this note could not have been written by my client." As he proceeded with the letter, Hammersley growinig more and more excited as he heard the contents read out in open court, made freqluent efforts to interrupt, but was sternly silenced by his counsel, but in vain. At the conclusion of the note the accused turned to the Judge, and givingmeone look of min gled pity and contempt, he exclaimed, " My Lord, I admit that this note was written by me, but injustice to the lady whose name has been so unwarrantably dragged into' I this miserable'business, I-must state a cir cumstance of which the counsel for the pro secution is doubtless ignorant from the con strucotion .which he evidently puts on its contents, and that circumstance is, that I Iam her brother." I Scarcely knowing what I was doing, I ex I citedly proposed to call my wife to disprove a the prisoner's assertion, but the Judge, of \- sourse, ruled that the matter was entirely a itrelevant, as the only material point was the handwriting, which the prisoner had admitted, and now all the incidents which had led to my conclusions against Ellen Srushed through my mind, and as I looked Iat them all in the new light cast by Ham. r mersley' statement, a'feartlcertainty as to the terrible mistake 1 had been asking frced itself onmy mind. ty brain whirled as 1 saw all the fearful misery I had caused. Overwrought as I was I fell back speechless in my seat, and was helped out of the court by a friendly brother junior. Weeks after wards I learnt the conclusion of the ease. The prisoner's counsel drew attention to the fact that in spite of a curious resem blance between the writing in the note and the forged signature, there were palpably traces that the latter was an imitation of the former. He also produced a piece of blot ting paper, picked up in the merchant's office in which Hammersley was employed, on which were the traces of repeated copies of Guy's handwriting--clumsy at first, and then more and more like, beginning with ordinary words and letters, and at last ending with the signature, " Joshua Stone croft," the forged signature, at first with the letters separated, and then finally in the form of a complete signature. The handwriting, as plainly shown in the first clumsy attempts, was that of a fellow clerk, who, it was shown, had borne a grudge against Guy, and who, when wanted, was found to have bolted. In view of this very strong defence the accused was ac quitted. All this, as I have said, I learnt long afterwards, for duringthe next sic weeks I was prostrate with brain fever. One evening I woke from unconsciousness to find my own dear wife sittikg by my bed side, holding my wasted hand, which I could not yet even lift from the coverlet. As the whole dreary drama came flitting back in disconnected fragments to my mind, I in stinctively turned my head away. - I could not yet bear to nmooe the gaze of her whom I had so wronged. But Ellen, like the dear, sweet womanl she is, took my head in her hands, and, leaning over me, whispered, "Darling, my own dear husband, look at me; I have been waiting for you to know me for weeks. Don't try to talk, dear; I understand what you wish to say, but it is all past and gone now." The tears rolled down my cheeks asas I met her loving eyes, and read there the same sweet story of her unshaken love which I used to know so well-only that now it seemed deeper, ten deorer, and more divine than of old. In a week's time I was permitted to sit up in my bed-room, and could watch Ellen as she moved quietly about the room-I was never tired of gazing at her now, remember inrg how nearly, as it seemed to me, I had been to losing her. One bright afternoon sihe said to me, "Arthur, deas, I am going to bring someone to see you this afternoon, itf may." I guessed what was going to happen, and was quite prepared when, half an hour later, the door opened, and Ellen came forward, saying, "Dearest, I 'want to introduce mIy brotlher,'Guy Channing, to omy husband." We didn't talk much that after noon, but sat round the lire, Ellen with her head on my shoulder, holding Guy's hand. Poor follow ! Hle had had a hard time of it for the last ten years, and had been knocking about over half the world; then, when he had made a really desperate effort to settle down and ' run quite straight" (as he himself sadly put it), this horrible busi ness cropped up and niirrowly missed ruin ing three lives. Too proud to let me nknow I had married theasister of d-'man :like ne, who seemed desatti' to et d lp as a.a convibt,5" G uy/adi orbiddDia I ?k dioeloes slightest hint of ,thrd lsaionslsip" between us, and but for the alurI:laind cast upon my wife in open court he wol n??never have let the fact become known to me. Years have gone by since then--years of perfect happiness to me-and -I have at .east made some headway in any profession, though, much to Ellen's surprise, I have not yet been mentioned for the woolsack; still, ,vwhenever I am retained in a case of forgery, msy mind instinctively goes back to my first forgery case, and I feel glad tlst I lost it. loueehold WYords. 