REPEAL OF THE MAGNA CHARTA. London Daily Telegraph. Some years ago the British Parliament, in its wisdom, saw fit to repeal a large number of Acts, which had long become practically obsolete, and among these abrogated stututes was one em- bodying the principles of Magna Charta. Very few people took the slightest notice of the disappearance from the Statue Book of the earliest palladium of English freedom, there being, perhaps, a universal and comfortable feeling in the public mind, that all that was really to be comprehended in the assertion of the rights of the subject in the Great Charter had long since become the settled law of the land. At all events, the Act in question vanished without even that "melodious twang" which the bishop of old attached to the disappearance of a ghost. With singular tranquillity does a phantom which has long haunted the legal system of France promise ere long to melt into the impalpable. The French Chamber of Deputies, in its sitting on Saturday arrived at an important decision. Hitherto the higher dignitaries of the Legion of Honour, the archbishops and bishops, and a considerable number of exalted public functionaries have enjoyed the special privilege of being tried by the Courts of Appeal whenever a prosecution has been undertaken against them. The Lower House of the French Legislature has now adopted a "projet de lot," or bill, enacting that in future all such clerical, chivalric, or bureaucratic grandees shall in case of malfeasance be brought, as though they were ordinary citizens, before the Tribunals of Correctional Police, according to the rules of the "Common Law," which in France, it should be understood, differs very widely from our own Com- mon Law, which is unwritten, whereas the common jurisprudence of France is formulated in the Code Napoleon. Whether the Senate will give its sanction to the bill adopted by the Chamber of Deputies it would be premature to anticipate; still, there is no great reason to suppose that the Upper House, in which the democratic element is at present largely represented, will offer any very formidable re- sistance to the proposed measure and if the bill be accepted by the Conscript Fathers of the Luxem- bourg it is not too much to say that legal privilege in France will have received its deathblow. What is privilege in the abstract? According to Brillat-Savarin, one of the most highly-cherished privileges of humanity is that of eating without being hungry and of drinking without being thirsty; but substantially privilege was one of the corner- stones of the social edifice in France up to the time of the Revolution of 1780. For many centuries privilege meant that certain distinctions and cer- tain immunities should be enjoyed exclusively by certain orders or institutions in the State while, on the other hand, although the middle and artizan classes could claim no privileges of an honorific or fiscal nature, they were allowed to form mercantile and manufacturing corporations which exercised control over trade and industry, and forbade the operations of commerce to be carried on or useful or ornamental crafts to be practised unless the trader or the work- man had affiliated himself by the servitude of ap- prenticeship to the guild or corporation, and had been made a freeman thereof When Louis XVI. convened the States-General at Versailles, the re- presentatives of the Tiers- Etat came up from the provinces laden with petitions and remonstrances, demanding the abolition of those aristocratic privi- leges under which the people of France had been groaning for at least five centuries; but the King distinctly informed them that any measures or reform to which he intended to give his consent would be based fundamentally on the strictest respect for "property;" by which his Majesty meant tithes, first-fruits, and feudal and manorial rights. There were other privileges of a sumptuary and ceremonial kind; thus, all Knights of the Order of the Holy Ghost, the Royal Secretaries, the Masters of Requests of the Audit Office, and the Councillors of the Par- liament of Paris had the privilege of exemption from payment of feudul and manorial dues. Passing from the sublime to the ridiculous, wig-makers, coal- weighers, and varlets who singed pigs were granted or could purchase "privileged charges," giving them the exclusive right to practice, and these charges or monopolies the fortunate possessors fre- quently sold to wealthy speculators who traded in them for their own advantage. The nobles and the clergy were privileged again to pay no taxes. The aristocracy, including the higher clergy, had also the exclusive right of hunting and fishing. A peasant, a bourgeois, or a tradesman who dared to indulge in the amuse- ment of the chase exposed himself to the risk of being banished, whipped, put in the pillory, or branded by the hot iron of the public executioner. The lord of the manor levied duty of one-fifth on all the wine, the beer, and the cider made or sold on his fief. He exacted a tax on every chimney, he took toll on the poor man's crops, he forced the husband- man to grind his corn in the lord's mill, to bake his bread in the lord's oven, and tread out his grapes in the lord's press. Again, the patrician classes were free from the impositions of sudsidies, subventions, and "tallies." They were not liable to serve in the militia, soldiers could not be quartered upon them they were not obliged to furnish labourers to repair the roads; and in case of criminal prosecution, if they were found guilty of a capital offence, they were be- headed instead of being hanged. This last peculiar privilege was practically the leading cause for the adoption of the guillotine as the instrument for in- flicting the punishment of death. In the first excesses of the craze for liberty and equality, the populace thought it expedient that the privileged classes should have a taste of that gallows which had been so freely used by their ancestors during many generations; thus they made haste to hang a large number of farmers-general and other privileged personages to the street lamp-irons, and the establishment of the guillotine was really due, first to the desire of the National Assembly to silence the ferocious cry of "A la lanterne" and next to ordain the employment of an engine of death which should visit with impartial decapitation both nobles and plebeians. The aris- tocracy were no longer to enjoy the privilege of the headsman's axe; and the poor man, whose ancestors had been hanged during so many hundreds of years, had the honours conferred on him of having his head cut off. As for the clergy, they were, so to speak, armour- plated with privileges. They paid absolutely nothing towards the subsistence of troops, the fortifications of towns, or the repair of walls, bridges, or high- ways. If they got into debt their creditors were powerless either to seize their goods or attach their bodies. They levied "great tithes," "middling tithes"and "small tithes" on corporations, on muni- cipalities, on communes, and on individual farmers and peasants. As a complement to the immunities of the Knights of the Holy Ghost, it was necessary to possess a patent of nobility to be admitted to the Order of St. Louis. There was, indeed, one Order of Chivalry that of St Michael, which was to a certain extent a precursor of the Legion of Honour, and was conferred as a recompense for virtue, merit, or proficiency in the arts and sciences." The cross of this Order was attached to a black ribbon and it was contumeliously repudiated by the nobility, who called it in derision "the colour that fitted all breasts." These privileges had accumulated at the eve of the great cataclysm that it was estimated that the peasant farmer paid in tithes to the clergy, regular and secular it least a fourth of his harvest, and in addition much of the remainder of his sub- stance was screwed out of him by his feudal lord or by the farmers-general of the local Custom-houses, while, to cap the climax of his wretchedness, the very salt with which he seasoned his scanty food was saddled by a monstrous impost known us the "gabelle." All tnese infamous burdens were swept away at the Revolution, and there only remained the equitable privileges enjoyed by creditors and mortgagees which were duly stipulated and enu- merated in the Code Napoleon, together with the privilege accorded to persons of exceptional dignity, such as the exemption which in all probability, will, ere a few weeks are over, completely disappear from French Criminal Jurisprudence. As regards privi- lege in our own country its history would be a very curious and a very entertaining one, but, as a matter of fact, the immunities with which our social system was formerly rife have vanished so gradually and so quietly that it is only the antiquaries and the sedulous students of the minuter details of bygone civilisation who have taken account of the successive fading away of customs and exactions which were once really grievous and irritating afflictions to the humbler classes in England. There are still a number of manors which are held by more or less jocular tenures. Some do feudal suit and service by pre- senting annually some object, or paying some small sum, to the Crown or to the lord of the manor. Of such were the thirteenpence halfpenny received by her Majesty as the Duchess of Normandy, as a commutation for the "droit de seigneur" belonging to her of right on the celebration of marriages in the Channel Islands, while a remarkable privilege in English law is the "heriot," a tribute or fine, as the best beast or other chattel, payable to the lord of the fee on the decease of the owner, Iandholder, or vassal. Heriots from freeholders are now very rare, but heriots from copyholders are occasionally heard of. Privileges died hard in all countries, but in Eng- land invidious distinction between class and class has, as a rule, expired quite noiselessly There is, it is true, one privilege which no patriotic Englishman would wish to see endangered, and that is the privi- lege of Parliament. 