Nora and Kathleen ; OR, The Consins of Kildape. CHAPTER XXI. whither 1 . The October night sky was bright and frosty. The young Lady Norn Kildare, fleeing from her lato prison at Yew Cottage, in charge of the escaped convict Fogarty, towards the coast, felt her heart bound exultantly within Iier. After her long fortnight of im prisonment in a dark cell, everything looked strangely beautiful to her. Instead of suspecting her rescuer her heart was filled with a glow of gratitude towards him, and already . she was planninghow she could reward him for all his goodness to her. Fogarty proceeded along the quiet road ' for some distance at a swift rate, ond then turned into a road leading to the south and west. He had gone but a few yards upon this new course, when the sound of a vehicle rapidly driven, came to his ears from the road he had just quitted. ' This vehicle, drawn by a single horse, was proceeding towards Clon- dalkin, and had evidently come front Dublin. Fogarty looked' back, as did the Lady Nora. At the moment that the vehicle, which hid aroused their attention passed the junction of the two roads both had a clear view of it. ' ' It was simply a light dogcart, and was occupied by a man and a woman. Both these persons had their heads turned towards Fogarty's chaise, their faces being in shadow. For a. moment or so only was the opportunity . for scrutiny continued. Then the dogcart sped on towards Olondalkin, and the light chaise hurried on its course, presently turn ing into another road. Ah ! if but some subtlo instinct had told the fleeing girl that the tenants of- the dog-cart were her lover, the young Lord O'Neil, and hor _ faithful maid, Alleen Malion. If only she could have guessed that they were on their way to Yew Cottage to rescue her. And if only "Wild Larry of the glen had suspected that the young, girl he looked at with such idle Curiosity was the imperilled lady of ' his loVe, what dangers, what sorrows, what anguish, might not have been-, saved tol them both. , But the distance between them pre vented the recognition, and they went their separate ways. " Thank heaven ! we have left tho Dublin-road," breathed the young girl. "Did you see how I muffled myself with my scarf and veil for a disguise, Mr. Fogarty ? , I feared that the man in that dogcart was Michael ICildare. Oh, it would be terrible to meet him now," " Don't yo have no fears, my lady," said Fogarty, reassuringly. "If that little spider-lagged' - lawyer ' ' was to; board Us, he'd find my grappling-irons fixed into his flesh in a way lie. would not fancy. I could handle him as easily as a child.!' The girl smiled faintly, and shook lier head. "I should have said the same' h month — three weeks ago," she said. . " But I know Michael Kildare now, . and I did not know him then, although I have been on intimate terms with him all my life. It is odd how we may be acquainted with a person all our lives, and think we know him perfectly, and wake up some day to find thut we have been s.taring at a mask all those years, and that tho real person is hidden under the musk, and we know him no better than if we had never seen him. That has been my experience with Michael Kildare. I sat on his knees in my childhood; I told him all my potty, childish griofs ; I gave him almost a daughter's, affection, and I never once distrusted his love for. me, or his noble ness of nature, or purity of soul. I thought him soft and gentle as a woman, tender, and kind, and affec tionate, with a rather weak and womanish oharaotor, perhaps, but good and honest. And now I have found, under all his flowery softness — iron I He would-be a dangerous opponent even for you, Mr. Fogarty." " I aui not afraid of him," said tho pretended sailor, touching up his horse. " Ydu would be if you knew him- bettor," said the Lady Nora. "He is like a glittering serpent, deadly ! I have a horror of him now — a sickening horror ! He pretends still to love me, bub I believe he would not scruple to cut short my life, if he believed my death would be an advantage to him.1' Fogarty flushed guiltily, and whipped up his horse. smartly. He knew only too well that Michael Kildare was capable of the wickedness of which Lady Nora suspected his ability, and he knew also that Michael Kildare had decreed the young girl's death. 'YVas Fogarty not now, by the lawyer's orders, conveying the Lady Nora to Black Rock, there to docoy her aboard the sloop iio had chartered, and had Hot Michael Kildare told him that tho young girl nnist be cast overboard in mid-channel ? None knew better than Fogarty Michael Kildare's capacities for crime ! They rode on swiftly, passing Roundtown, and thakiiig their way steadily towards the coast. The Lady Nora sank into a reverie, and Fogarty meditated upon his work, arid wove plans by which be intended' to 'enrich himself for life. " As they approached Black Rock, Fogarty slackened the speed of his horse; permitting him to walk. He was a little ahead of time, and besides, be bad no desire to arouse the towns-people from tbeir beds. It was bis way, like Michael Kildare's, ' to move as secrotly anil cautiously as nossiblo in the execution of his nefarious schemes. " I left a man aboard the sloop, my lady," be said. "He's a part' owner, and takes charge when 1'iri absent ; but lie ciln't go along this voyage, on account of his family- — " " It's just as well," interposed the Lady Nora. "I am sure that you can manage, the sloop alone." "Oh, yes, my lady, I always do," said the pretended sailor. " But -it- occurred to me you might feel afraid to put to sea witli me alone — that you might be afraid of me, like !" " Afraid of you who have rescued me from a terrible imprisonment— perhaps from a terrible fate !" cried the young heiress, warmly. "jNo, indeed,. Mr. Fogarty, .1 trust you as I would trust a brother ! You have shown your kind, good heart too plainly'for me to fear you 1" "I am only an ignorant chap," ob served Fogarty, after an embarrassed pause. " You wouldn't think, to look at me, my lady, and hear me speak, that I am the grandson of a gentleman. Yet I am. My grandfather was . a physician. His younger daughter married an architect named Lifley,, and lived like a lady.- She is Mr. Kildare's housekeeper, and "I wouldn't wonder, to judge f rom what.my mother ; says, if she were some day to be Mrs. ' Michael Kildare. My aunt, can play - the grand lady to perfection.) The doctor's elder daughter, married- a mail of inferior, social- rank; ia'fclirift- less, jolly, "drinking .fellow, named Tini Fogarty.' : I . was ' the < off spring- of that marriage. My . father died when " I was ' a child," and my mother made lier living by 'various humble ways. , My aunt, Mrs. Lifley, took a fancy to mo and sent me to school, and I got a decent education. I wanted to be a doctor, like my grandfather, but fate was too strong for me. Being of a roving disposi tion," he added, with ironical emphasis and concealed meaning— having refer ence to his transportation at govern ment expense to a penal colony, " I set out to see the world. And -I, saw it' ! Did you never hear of me, tny-lady;— of Mrs. Lifley's nephew, Tim Fogarty?" "Never," replied the young Lady Nora. " T knew very little of Mrs. Lifley, very little of Michael Kil dare's household. While -papa lived I Used to visit Dublin often; but we stopped at an hotel, except once, when we stayed a whole season, and papa took a house. And. since papa's death I lived, at Kildare (lastle with my step-sister, as papa desired me to, do. He said he wished me to grow up among the tenantry, to know them all intimately, to win their love, arid to love them all in return. He expected me to spend the most of my life at Point ICildare, and he did not want,me to go off to Dublin, and get a taste for gaieties, such as would unfit me for my quiet future. And so it has happened that I know so little about Mrs. Lifley." "That was a foolish question of mine," observed Fogarty, with a breath of relief, having experienced a momentary fear that his antecedents were not unknown to' the young girl. " HoW should a great lady like you have heard of a poor fellow like me? But hero we are at Blaok Rock. You still think, my lady, that you had better go aboard the sloop, and set off' immediately for England. You would not think it better to wait for the- packet?" " Oh, no, no ! Before the packet sails Miohael Kildare will be at Kings town, watching for me. Escape in lier would be impossible, It is not as if I were of age. My only safety lies in going to-night," cried the young heiress, impetuously. Fogarty smiled grimly under his false beard. "You are right," he said. "You must sail to-night. And you cannot delay, my lady, to prooiire a woman to attend upon you. We should be off at once." " Yes, at once." " I was over to Black Rock this morning," said Fogarty, " and told my partner I should be off for a voyage to night. You see, my >lndy, I made up my mind this morning to rescue you, and so I told my partner I should bring a young lady aboard to-night." "You told him that?" Oh, if he should have betrayed me. He may suspect — i — " "No, I took my precautions. I pretended that I was going to elope with a young woman named Flaherty, and the fellow hasn't the ghost , of a suspicion of tho truth. So, my lady; if .'you'll just put tlio veil over your face my partner will think it's all right and say never a word." The Lady Nora complied with the suggestion, voiling her face. Fogarty drovo down the street -of the small town, halting near the pier. Here he sprang out, assisting the Lady Nora to alight. He secured his horse to a convenient post, and taking his basket of pro visions in his hand he conducted his fair charge down tho pier, scanning the adjacent bay with keen glances. Tho sloop he had engaged lay hear at hand ready to sail. A small boat from hoi1, with the sloop-master in it, lay rocking in the shadow of the pier. There were other small eraft in tho vicinity, but there was no sign of life about them. Except for tho tlireo figures mentioned the pier and the bay seemed deserted of human beings. "Sloop, ahoy!" said Fogarty, in a low voice. , " Aye, aye, sir 1" returned the man, in' the row-boat beside the pier, in a similarly coutious tone. " A vvord with you, , my hearty," said Fogarty. The sloop-master sprang out on the pier, arid the two men withdrew a iew paces, leaving tho Lady Nora alone on the end of the pier, looking off upon the bay, whose phosphorescent gleams and white caps shone through the pale gloom. " About the security for the sloop," whispered Fogarty, keeping nil eye upon the slender, dainty figure at a little distance, with floating hair and garments blowing in the wind. "Here's tho watch I promised," and he handed over his mother's greatest treasure, an old-fashioned gold watch, which he had purloined during the day < at a convenient' moment. " And for greater security1" he added, "there's hiy -horse and chaise in the street there, which, if you'll koep till I come back . » ,- " That. I will 1" cried the sloop- master,' 'well, pleased. " I'll take the horse and chaise and, drive home, and you can be off in the sloop. Or shall I go aboard with ye 1" " No. Is there water aboard?" " Water and provisions a plenty. Ye said nothing: about them, and thinks Ij .'Lovers is fools,' begging your pardon, 'and won't think of such a thing as a wind contrary, or being becalmed, or -blown out of her eoorse,' says I to myself, and so I made boold to put a shtore of things aboard, which you'll find 'em in the locker." "I'll make it all right when I get back,'' said Fogarty. " And now I'm off. Good-bye." The two men separated, the sloop- master putting the gbld Watch ih. his pocket, and hastening to ascertain the value' of the horse and chaise left as additional, security for the sloop, and Fogarty hurrying to the row-boat, a-, rope from which was secured to the pier. , . "Now, my lady," he said. The , slender, girlish figure turned and came towards him, the pale and lovely young face still hidden under the folds of her veil. "I've got rid ot my partner," said Fogarty, putting his basket into the bpat, and assisting the Lady Nora to follow it. "He don't suspect over a bit.. We are safe, iny lady, for which the saints be praised 1'' \- He sprang into the boat and pushed away from the pier with an oar. Then he rowed rapidly 'towards the sloop. They were , soon alongside. Fogarty steadied the row-boat against the sloop's side, and the Lady Nora climbed over into the larger vessel. " I'll have to let this boat trail after us,1' said Fogarty, dropping bis basket over into the sloop. " I'll make her fast"' He hastened to do so, seouring the loose end of the rope attached to the ro w-boat to the stern of the sloop, and then crept cautiously into the larger vessel. " Now we'll be off'," he said, pulling up the anchor. " The sails '11 catch the breeze in a minute. Ah, here she takes us 1" ; ... The sloop gave a lurch and a bound, as the wind swelled her sails, and moved slowly out into the bay. The Lady Nora sat down, holding- to the /vessel's side. The sloop was a small affair, of some five or ten tons burden, and had been built exclusively for pleasure parties and excursions. She had a half- deck, occupying one-third of 'her hull. The cabin under this half-deck was too low and small for sleeping purposes, and served as a pantry and locker. The remaining two-thirds of the vessel comprised simply an open space, around which ran a cushioned divan. When the sun shone there was .an awning to serve as a roof over the pas sengers, but this awning of sailcloth was now, of course, hidden away under tho half-deck. Fogarty un- reefed his sails, and the sloop swung round to her course, pointing her nose directly out into' the bay, and towards St. .George's Channel, and began , to move like a horse warming to the race. (TO BE CONTINUED,) 