A WHITE CABBAGE GARDEN. Hearing that white men were running a market garden near Narandera, and wishing to see if the barbarous white Australians could grow cabbages, carrots, turnips, etc. without the aid of cross-eyed 'Celestials, I made it my-rbusiness to discover the latitude and longitude of the aforesaid garden, the home of those venturesome pioneers. . I got there all right, and found our old chum Jack Parker and his -brothers, trim, hearty, and as well as ever.' Guess I got a shearer's welcome, and ever since I left, my horse has been praying for a speedy return. Redbank farm, as it is called, is beautifully situated on the banks of the Murrumbidgee, and is naturally an eye -sore and pain in the mind of the Chow-loving monopolist, and a source of joy and pleasure to all Chow- hating workers. Parker Bros, have several acres fenced and cleared, ploughed and irrigated, ready for the destruction of Ah Toy, Sing Lum and Co. They irrigate with an eight horse power engine, with pump and spouting of the best and latesfrpattern. I could write yards of matter in description, but' will not worry you with my raptures. Any man can estimate the difference between 'yellow' cab bage and a 'white' one. The Parker Bros, have proved and are daily demonstrating the fact that five acres of land on the Murrum bidgee Avill support and find work for three men all the year round. If worked on the co-operative principle those employed will make money as well as maintain their wives and families . Ghost of Lycurgus, pity us for a stiff-necked slavery-loving race, blinder than moles. From end to end of the Murrum bidgee sheep are the rule, and men, as users and workers, the exception; '^Vake up, toilers, reclaim your birthright by taxation of unimproved land values, or verily you will find the revolution forced upon you by dire necessity and more dreadful misery than that which culminated in the French Revolution a little more than a century ago. ... Soundthebuglebeatthedrumbangthe Devil-Booth, general of the army _ of great faith, much begging, and everlasting humbug, . has stated in England that the Australian Governments are too much afraid of the people. Which proves that the Sal ivation humbug can't see as far as the end of his nose, that he is a would-be despot, knave, scoundrel, and fool to boot. The Australian Governments don't care a straw for the people as they are, and don't fear the people as much as we fear a dead dog, and never will fear until all the workers have a rifle and twenty or thirty rounds of ammu nition handy, with the will and determina tion to use them if compelled. When that time comes, the Governments will be real civil. Colonial stocks may go down, but wages will rise, and the Legislative Counoil will die of fright. ' . ' ,V \- ?''?''? '? -?'?*&' '?'? 