co.\t!.\ui;i) ri;o;.i satciiday s issue. [all hici1ts reserved. NAD A THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copyright, 1891, By h. Rider Haggard. CHAPTER XXIV. The Slaying of the Boers. On the morrow I led Umslopogaas apart, and spjke to him thus— 'My son, yesterday, when you did not know me except as ihe Mouth of Dingaan, you charged nic with «i certain message for Dingaan the king, that, had it been delivered into the ears of the king, had surely brought death upon you and all your people. The tree that stands by itself on a plain, Umslop ogaas, thinks itself tall and that there is 110 shade to equal its shade. Yer. arc there other and bigger trees. You are such a tree, Um slopogaas, bnt the topmost branches of him whom I serve are thicker than your trunk, and beneath his shadow live many wood cutters, who go out to lop such as would grow too high. You are no match for Dingaan, though, dwelling here alone in an empty land, you have grown great in your own eyes and the eyes of those about you. Moreover, ! Umslopogaas, know this : Dingaan already hates you because of the words which in by | gone years 3-011 sent by Masilo the fool to the Black One who is dead, fur he heard those words, and it is his will to eat you up. He lias sent me hither for one reason only, to be rid uf me awhile, and, whatever the words I bring back to him, the end will be the sr.me—the night shall come when you will find an impi at your gates.' ' Then what need to talk more of the matter, my fatherV asked Umslopogaas. ' That will come which must come. Lst me wait here for the impi of Dingaan and fisjht till Idie.' ' Not so, Umslopogaas, my son ; there are more ways of killing a man than by the assegai, and a crooked stick can still be bent straight in the steam. This is my desire, Umslopogaas : that instead of hate Dingaan should give you love : instead of death, ad vancement ; that you shall grow great in his shadow. Listen ! Dingaan is not what Chaka was, though, like Chaka, he is cruel. This Dingaan is a fool, and it may well come about that a man can be found who, growing up in his shadow, in the end shall overshadow him. I might do it- I myself; but I am old, and, being worn with sorrow, have no long ing to rule. But you are young, Umslopo gaas, and there is no man like you in the land. Moreover, there are other matters of which it is not well to speak, that shall serve you as a raft whereon to swim to victory.' Now U mslopogaas glanced up snarpiy ior in tliose days he was ambitious, and desired i to be first among the people. Indeed, having the blofd of Chaki in his veins, how could it be otherwise 1 ' What is your plan, ray father V he asked. Say how* can this be brought about?' ' This and thus, Umslopogaas. Among the tribe thn Halakazi in Swaziland there dwells a maid who is named the Li]y. She is a girl of the most wonderful beauty, and Dingaan is afire with longing to have her t>> wife. Now, awhile since Dingaan dispatched an embassy to the chief of the Halakaziasking the Lily in marriage, and the chief of the Halakazi sent tack insolent words, saying that the Boaury of the earth should be given in marriage to no Zulu dog. Then Dingaan was wroth, and he would have gathered his impis and sent them against the Halakazi to destroy them, and bring him the maiJ, but I held him back from it, saying that now was no time to begin a new war;and it is for this cause that Dingaan hates me, lie is so set upon the plucking of the Swnzi Lily. Do you understand now, Umslopojpias ?' ' Something,' ho answered. ' But speak clearly.' ' Wow, Umslopogaas ! Half words are better than whole ones in this world of ours. Listen, then ! This is my plan : ihat you should fall upon the Ilalakazi tribe, destroy it, and bring back the maid as a peace-offering to Dingaan.' ........ 'That i3 a good plan, my ^father,' he answered. ' At the least, maid or no maid, there will be lighting in it, and cattle to divide when the lighting is done.' ' First coi)i|uer, then reckon up the spoils, Uinslop.^ijas.' ' Now ho thought awhile, then said, 'Sutler that I summon Galazi the Wolf, my captain. Do not fear, he is trusty and a man of few words.' Presently Galazi came and sat down before us. Then I put the matter to him thus: that Umslopogaas would fall upon the Halakazi and bring to Dingaan the maid ho longed for ,is a piece-offering, but that I wished to hold him fcack from the venture because the Halakazi people w^ro great, and strong. 1 spoke in this sense ho that I might have a door to creep out should Galazi betray the plot ; and Umslopogaas read my purpose, though my craft was needless, for Galazi was a true man. Galajd the Wolf listened in silence till I had finished, then ho answered quietly, but it seemed to uio that a fire shone in his ayes as he spoke— ' I !>ni chief by right of the Halakazi; 0 Mouth of Dingaan, and know them well. They are a strong people, and can put two full regiments under arms, whereas BuLilio here can muster but one regiment, and that a small one. Moreover, they have watchmen out by night and day, and spieB soattered through the land, so that it will be hard to take them unawares; also their stronghold is a vast cave open to the sky in the middle, and none have won that stronghold yet, nor gould it be found except by those who know its secret. They are few, yet I am one of them, for my father showed it to me when I was a lad. Therefore, Month of Dingaan, you will know that this is no easy task which BuJalio would set himself and us—to conquer the Halakazi. That is the face of the matter so farijajt cocerns Bulalio, but for me, O Mouth, it has another face. Know that, long years ago, I swore to rt)y far her as he lay dying by the poison of a witch of th[j people that I would not rest till I had avenged him —ay, till I had stamped out the Halakazi, and slain their men, and brought their women to tho houses of stranger* and their children to bonds ! Year by year and month by month, and night by night, as I have lain alone upon the Ghost Mountain yonder, I have wondered how I might bring my oath to pass, and found no way. Now it seems ithat there is a way, and I am glad. Yet this is a great adventure, and perchance before it is done witfe the People of the Axe will ba 110 more.' And hp ceased and took snuff, watchisg our faces over the spoon. ' Galazi the Wolf,' said pmslopogaf-s, 'for me also the matter has another face. You have lost your father at the hands of these Halakazi dogs, and, though till last night I did not know it, I have lost my mother by their spears, with her one whom I loved above all in til® world, my sister Xada, who loved me also. Both are de.'ui and the Halakazi have killed them. This man, the mouth of Dingaan,' and he pointed to me, Mopo, ' this man says that if I can stamp out the Halakazi and make captive of the Lily maid. I shall win the heart of Dingaan. Little do I care /or Dingaan, I who would go my way alone, and live while I may live, and die when I must, by the hands °f Dingaan as l>y those of another—what does it pjatter 1 Vet, for Ihis reason, oeeause of the death of Macropha, my mother, and N.-ula, the sister who was dear to me, I will make war upon these Halakazi and conquer tliem, or be con quered by them. Perhaps, O Mouth of Dingaan, you will see me soon at the king's fceaal on the Mahalabatine, and with mo the Lily maid and the cattle of the Halakazi, or perhaps you slmjl jiot see me, and then you will know that I am dc«4, £ncI the Warriors of the Axe are no more.' So TJmslopogais spoke to me before Galazi the Wolf, but afterwards he embraced me and bade me farewell, for he had no great hope that ire should meet again. And I also doubted it; for, as Galazi had said, tho adventure was fi-eafc; yet, as I had seen many times, it is the bold thrower who oftenist I wins. So we parted — I to return to Dingaan and tell him that Bulalio, Chief of the People of the Axe, hadgoue up ncninst the Tlalakazi to win the Lily maid and bring her to him in atonement; while Cmslopogaae repiained to make ready his impi for war. I went awiftly from the Ghost; Mountain back to the kraal Umgugundhlovu, and prer sented myself before Dingaan, who at the first looked on ine coldly. But when I told him my message, and how that the Chiof Bulalio the Slaughterer had taken the war path to win him theLily,his manner changed. Jle took ine by the hand and snid that I had done well, and he had been foolish to doubt Kie when I had lifted up my voice t» per suade h'uo fr.o'ft sending an impi against the Halakazi! ifow b.o flaw that it was my pur pose to rake this Bal(An^ fir,« ^ith another bond than his, and i? M? I'i? Im4 fr°B $9 burning, nud he thanked me. Moreover, lie said, tlmt if this Chief of the People of the Axe brought him the maid his heart desired, not only would he forgive him the words he had spoken by the mouth of Masiloto'the Black One who was dead, but: also all the cattle of the Halakazi shouid be liia, and he would make him great in the land. I answered that all this was As the king willed. I had but done my duty by the king and worked so that, whatever befell. a proud chief should bo weakened and a foe should be attacked at no cost to the king, in such fashion also that perhaps it might come about that the king would shortly have'the Lily at bis side. Then I sat down to wait what might be fall. Now it is, my father, that the white men come into the story whom wo named the Amaboona, but yon call the Boers. Ou ! I think ill of those Amaboona, though it was I who gave them the victory over Dingaan—I. and Um3lopogaas. • • Before this time, indeed, a few white men had come two and fro to the kraals of Chaka and Dingaan, but these came to pray and not to tight. Now the Boers both light and pray, also they steal, or used to, which I do not understand, for the prayers of you white men say that these tilings should not be done. Well, whin Iliad been back from the Ghost Mountain something less than a moon the Boers came, sixty of them commanded by a captain named ReLief, a big man, and armed with roers—the lung guns they had in those days—or, perhaps they numbered a hundred in all, counting their servants and after-riders. This was their purpose; to.get a grant of the lan.l in Natal thaf lies be tween the Tugela and the Umzimpubu rivers. But,by my counsel and that of other indunus, Dingaan bargained with the Bocis that lirst they should attack a certain chief named • Sigoiuyela, who had stoled the king's cattle, and who lived near the Quathlamba Moun tains, and bring back the cattle. This the Boers agreed to, and went to attack the chief, and in a little while they came back again, having destroyed the people of Sigom yela, and driving his cattle before them as well as those which had been stolen from the king. The face of Dingaan shone when he saw the cattle, anil that night he called us, the council of the Amapfikatij together, and asked us as to tlie granting of the country. 1 spoke the first, and said that it mattered little if he granted it, seeing that the Bl.ick One who was dead had already given it to the English, the People of George,. and the end of the matter would be that the Ann boona and the People of George would fight for the land. Yet the words of the Black One were coming to pass, for already it seemed we could hear the sound of the run ning of a white folk who should eat up rhe kingdom. Now, when I had spoken thus the heart of Dingaan grew heavy and his face dark, for my words stuck in his breast like a barbed spear. S:ill, he mud6 no answer, but dis missed the council. On the morrow the kiig promised to sign the paper civing the lands tlu*y asked for to the Boers, and all was smooth as water when there is no wind. Before the papor was signed the king gave a great dance, for there were many regiments gathered at the kraal, and for three days this dance went oil, but on the third day he dismissed the regiments, all extent one, an impi of lads, who were commanded to stay. Now, all .this while I wondered what was in the mind of Dingaan and was afraid for the Amaboona. But he was secret, and told nothing except, to the captains of the regimonts alone—no, not even to one of his council. Tet I kiie* that he planned evil, and was half inclined to warn the Captain Ret.ief. but did not, fearing to make myself foolish. Ah ! my father, if I had spoken, how many would have lived who soon were dead ! But what does' it matter 1 In any case most of them would have been dead by now. On the fourth morning, early, Dingaan j sent a messenger to the Boers, bidding them : meet him in Hie cattle kraal, for there tie J would mark the paper. So tliey came, .stack ing their guns at the gate of the kraul, for it | was death for any man, white or black, to come armed before the presence of the king. Now, my father, the kraal Umgugundhlovu was built in a great circle, after the fashion I of royal kraals. Firt came the high outer | fence, then the thousands of huts that ran three parts round between the great fence and the inner one. Within this inner fence was the large ojjuii space, big enough to hold five regiments, and r.t the top of it—opposite the entrance stood the cattle kranl itself, that cut off a piece of the open space by an other fence bent like a bow. Behind this again were the Empnseni, the place of the king's women, tile guard-house, the labyrinth, and the Intunkulu, the house of the king. Din gaan came out on that day and sat on a stool m front of the cattle kraal, and by him stood a man holding a shield oyer his head to keep the sun from liitn. Also we of the Ama pakati, the council, were there, and ranged round the fence of the space, armed with short sticks only—not with keriie6, my father—was that regiment of young men which Dingaan had not sent uwny, the cap tain of the regiment being stationed near to the king, on the right. Presently the Boers camo in on font and walked up to the king in a body, and Din gaan greeted them well and shook hands with Retief, their captain. Then Itetief drew the paper from a leather pouch which set out the gran*, of land, and ifc was trans lated to the king-by an interpreter. Din gaan said that it was good, and put his mark upon it, and Retiof and all the Boers were pleased, and smiled across their faces. Now they would have said farewell, but Dingaan forbade tlicin, saying tliattliey must not goyet; first they must eat and see the soldiers dance a little, and he gororaanfled dishes of b >iled flesh which had been made ready and bowls of milk to be brought to them.. But the Boers said that they had already eaten j still, they drank of the milk, passing the bowls from hand to hand. Now the regiment be gan to dance, singing the Ingoma, that is the war chant pf ffs Zulus, pjy father, and the Boers drew back Warfjs'^o n0fB of the space to glvo the ftokiievs room to dunce in. It was at this moment tliftt I henrd Pingapn •nve an order to a messenger to run swiftly to the white Doctor of Prayers, who was staying without the kraal, telling him not. to be afraid, and I wondered what this might mean, fop why shonW tile Prayer Doctor fear a dance su«h as he had often seen before ! Presently Dingaan rose, and, followed by all walked through the press to where the Cap tain Retief stood, and bade him farewell, shaking him by the hand and bidding him hambla gachle, to go in peace. Then he turne4 and walked back again towards the gateway which let} to his royal house, and I saw that near this entrance etpnd fchp gaptaiu of the regiment, bb one stands vfho waits for orders. Then of a sudden, my father, Dingaan stopped and cried with a loud voice, ' Bula Iani Abatakati !' (slay the wizards), and having erie$ jhe covered his face with the corner of his blanket, and passed behind the fence. . . ... We, the councillors, stood astounded, like men who had become stone ; but: before we could speak or act the captain of the regi ment had also cried aloud, ' Bulalani Aba tnUnti T and the signal had been caught up from every sjde. Then, my father, came a yell nnd a rush' of thojjs.^utfs of feet, and through the clouds of dust weaajy tjie soldiers hurl themselves upon the Amaboonn, and above the shouting wo hoard tfto sound of falling sticks. The Amaboona drew their knives and fought bravely, but bo fore a man could count a hundred twice it was done, and they wore being dragged, some few dead, but the most yet living, to wards the gates of the kraal and out on to the IJity of Slaughter, and there, on the Hill of Slaughter, fhey were massacred, every cne of them, flow ? Ah ! I will not tell you —they wero massacred and piled in a heap, and that was the ond of thpir story, my father. Now 1 and the other councillors turned aw/iy and walked silently towards the houso of the king. We found him standing before hia great hut, and, lifting our bonds, we saluted him silently, saying no word. It was Dingaan who speke, laughing a little as he spoke, like a man who is uneasy in his mind. 'Ah, my captains,' he s.»id, 'when the vultures plijmed themselves this morning and shrieked to the sbjr for bjood, they did not look for such a feast as I have given thorn. And you, my captains, you little guessed how tfre&t; a king the Heavens have set'to rule over you, now how deep is the mind of the king that watches ever over his people's welfare. Now the land in free from the White Wizards of whose footsteps the Black One croaked is he gave up the spirit, or soon sh ill bo, for this is but a beginning. Ho ! Messengers !' i>nd ho turned to gome' w}jo stood behind him, 'away swiftly to tlio impis who are gathered behind the mountain, away to them, bearing tha king's word to (ha captains. This i« tho king's word : that the regiments run to the land of Natal and slay the Boers there, wiping them out, man, woman, and child. Away !' Now tlio messengers cried out the royal salute ' Bayete,' and, leaping forward like spears from the hand of the thrower, were gone at once. But we, the councillors, tha members of the 4 Anapakati,' still stood silent. Then Dingaan spoke again, addressing me 1 Is thy heart ab rest now, Mopo, son of Jlakednma ? Ever hast thou bleated in my ear of this white people and of the deeds that they shall do, and lo ! I have blown upon them with my breath and they are nana. Say, Mopo, are the Amaboona wizards yonder all dead ? If any be left alive, I de sire to Bpeak with one of them.' Then I looked Dingaan in the face and spoko. 'They are all dead, and thou, 0 King, thou also art dead.' 'It were well for theo, thou dog,' said Dingaan, ' thai thou make thy meaning plain.' 'Let the king pardon me,' I answered ;■ ' this is my meaning. Thou canst not kill these white men, for they are not of one race, but of many races, and tho sea is their home, they rise out of the black water. Destroy those that are hero, and others shall come to avenge them, more and more and more! Now thou hast smitten in thy hour; in theirs they Bhall smite in turn. Nov they lie low in blood at thy hand ; in a day to come, O King, thou shall, lie low in blood at theirs. Madness has taken hold of thee, O King, that thuu hast done this thing, and the fruit of thy madness shall be thy death. I have spoken, I, who am the king's servant. Let the will of the king be done.' Then I stood waiting to be killed, for, my father, in the fury of my heart at the wicked ness which had been worked I could not hold back my words. Thrice Dingaan looked on ma with a terrible face, and yet there was fear in his face striving with its rage, aad I waited calmly to see which would conquer, the fear or the rape. When at last he spoke; it was one worl, bo! not throe words, ' Take liim away.1 So I went yet liv ing, and with me went the councillors, leav ing the king alone. I went with a heavy heart, my father, for of all Lhe evil sights that I have seen it seemed to me that this was the most evil— that the Amaboona should be slaughtered thus treacherously, and that the imps bIiouM be sent out treachorourly to murder those that were left of them, together with their women and children. Ay, and they ^lew six hundred of them did they slay—yonder in Weenen, the place of weeping. Say, my father, why does the Unkulunkulu who sits in t ho Heavens above allow such things to be done 011 tho earth beneath ? I have heard the preaching of the white nion, and they say that they know all about Him —that His names are Power and Mercy and L<>ve. Why, then, dots He suifcr these things to be done—why does Ho suffer such men as Ohaka and Dingaan to torment the people of the earth, and in the end give them but one death fur all the thousands that they have yiven to others? Because of the wicked ness of the peoples, you say; but no, no, that cannot be, for do not the guiltless go with the guilty—ay, do not the innocent- children perish by the hundred ? Perchance there is another answer, though who am I, my father, rhat I, in my folly, should strive to search out the A\'iy of the Unsearchable? Perchance it is but a part of a great plan, a little piece of that pattern of which I spoke—the pattern on the cup that holds the waters of His wisdom. Wow ! I do not understand, who am but a wild man, nor have I found more knowledge in the hearts of you tamed white .people. You know many things but of these you do not know ; you cannot tell us what we were an hour before birth, nor w hat we shall be an hour after death, nor why wo wore born, nor why we die. You can only hope ai.d believe—that is all, and perhaps, my father, before many days are sped I shall be ttiier than all of you. For I am very | aged, the fiie of my life sinks low—it burns in my brain alone ; there it is'still bright, bui soon that will go out also, and then perhaps I shall understand. CHAPTER XXV. The War with the Hai.aicazi People. Now, my father, I must tell of how Um slopogaas tho Slaughterer and Galazi the Wolf fared in their war against the People of the Halukazi. When I had gone from the shadow of the Ghost Mountain, Umslopo gaas summoned a gathering of all hiB head mon, and told him it was his desire that the People of the Axe should no longer be a little people, that they should grow, grpab and number their cattle by tens of thousands. The headmen asked how this might be brought about—would he then make War on Dingarvn the king ? Umslopogaas answered no, ho would win the favor of the king thus j and he told them of the Lily maid and of the Halakazi tribe in Swaziland, and of how he would go up against that iiibe. Now some of the headmen said yea to this and some said nay, and the talk ran high and lasted till the evening. But when the evening was come Umslopogaas rose and said .that ho was chief under the Axe, liiifl nono other, and it was liis will that they should go up against the Halakazi. If there was any man there who would gainsay his will, let him stand forward and do battle with Jiim, and he who conquered should order all things. To this there was no answer, for there were few who cared to face the beak of Groan-Maker, and so it came about that it was agreed that the People of tho Axe should go up against the Halakazi, and Umslopogaas sent out mes sengers to summon every fighting-man to his side. But when Zinita,'his wife, came to hear pf thema'tev s]ie was angry, and upbraided Umslopogaas, and heapod otirses on mc, Mopo, whom «he know only as tho mouth of Dingaan, because, as she said truly, I had put this scheme into the mind of tho Slaughterer. ' What !' she went on, ' do you not live here in peace and plenty, and must you go to mate war on those who have not hap||jed you ; there, perhaps, to perish or to pome1 to otfidr ill V You sity yo(i c}o this to win a Rirl for Dinga,™ and to find favor in his sight, H(\s not Dingaan girls more than he can count t It is moro likely that, weary ing of us, your wive*, you go to get girls for yourself, Bulalii ; and as for finding favor, rest quiet, so shall you rind mostfavor. If the king sgnrfs Jijs jmps against you, then it will be time to fight, 0 fooi with little wit !' Thus Zinita spoke to him, very roughly— —for aho always blurted out what was In her mind, and Umslopogaas could not challenge her to battle. So ho must bear her talk as best he might, for it is often thus, tny father, that the greatest men grow small enough in their oivn huts. Moreover, he knew that it was because Zipita Igved him that she spoke 30 bitterly. Now, on tho third day all the fighting.inen were gathered, and there might have been two thousand of them, good men and brave. Tho Umslopogaas went out and spoke to them, telling them of this adventure, and C^ila;;! tho Wolf vrith liim, T''py listened silently, and it was plain 'to see tjiaf, as"in the. case of the headman, some of them thought one thing and somn another, Then Galazi spoke to them briefly, tolling them that he know the roads and the caves and the number of tho HxLkazi cattle ; but still they (looted. Thereon Umslopogaas added th^'se words— • To-morrow, at dawn, I, Bulalio, Holder of the Axe, Ohief of tlio People of the Axe, go up against the Hftlakn;}i, with Qalazi the Wolf, my brother. If but ten mon follow us, yet we will go. No, choose, you soldiers ! Let those como who will, and lot those who will stop at home with the women and the 'ittle children.' Now a great shoufc rose from every throat. ' We will go with you, Bulalio, to victory or cleat}].! So on tho morrow thoy inarched, and there was wailing among tho women of the People of the Axo. Only Zinita did not wail, but stood by in wrath, foreboding evil'; nor would she bid her lord farewell, yet wlion he wa° gono she wept. Now, Urcislopogaas and his impi travelled fast and far. hungering and thirsting till at length thoy came to tho land of the Um swnzi, and after a whilo entered the terri tory of the Halakazi by a high and narrow pass. Tho fear of Galazi tho Wolf was that, they should find this pass held, for thrush thoy had harmed nono in the kraals atj they wttrit, and talffen only enough cattle to feed theinselves, yet ho knew well that messen gers had sped by day and night, to warn the people of tlio Ilalakazi. But they found no man in tlio puss, nnd on the other side of it they rested, for the night was far spent. At dawn Umslopogaas looked out over the plains beyond, and Galazi showed him n Jong low hill tiyo bouf9 jpiiroh away. 'There, siiy brother,' lie Kaid, 'iies.tho head kraal o£ the Hulaknzi, whore I was born, and in that hill is the yroat nave.' Then they went on, and before the aun was high they came to the crest '.f arise, find heard the sound of horns on its farther side. They stood upon the rise, and looked, and lo ! yet far off, but far off, but running to wards them, was the whole impi of the Hala I kazi, and it was a great impi. 1 They have gathered their strength in deed,' said Galazi. ' For every man of our» there are three of these Swazis !' The soldiers saw also, and the courage of some of tliem sank low. Then Umslopogaas spoko to them— 'Yonderare tho Swaai dogs, my children ; they are many and wo are but few. Yet, shall it bo told at homo that we, men of the Zulu blood, wero hunted by a pack of Swazi dogs 7 Shall our women and children sing that Bong in our ears, O Soldiers of the Axe V Now some cried ' Never !' but some were silent; so Umslopogaas spoke again— ' Turn back all who will ; there is yet time. Turn back all who will, but ye who are men come forward with me. Or if ye will go back all of you, and leave Axe Groan Maker and Club Watcher to see this matter out alone.' ' Now there rose a mighty shout of ' V'e will die together who have lived together !' -. ' D.i you swear it V cried Umslopogaas, holding Groan-Maker on high. ' We swear it by the Axe !' they ans wered. Thei> Umslopogaas and Galazi made ready for the battle. They posted all the young men in the broken ground above the bottom of the slope, for these could best be sp ired to the spear, and Galazi the Wolf took com mand of them; buc the veterans stayed upon tho hillside, and with them Umslopogaas. Mow oho Halakazi came on, and there were four full regiments of them. Tho plain was black with them, the air was rent with their shoutings, and their spears flashed like lightning. On the farther side «>f the slope they halted and sent a herald forward to de mand what the People of the Axe would have from them. The Slaughterer answered that thoy would have three things: First, the head of their chief, whose place Galazi should fill' henceforth; secondly, that fair maitl whom men named the Lily; thirdly, a thou* amid head of cattle. It these things were "ranted, then he would spare them, the Halakazi; if not, he would stamp them out and take all.' . . So the herald returned, and when he reached the ranks of the Halakazi he called aloud his answer. Then, ft great roar of laughter went up from the Halakaza Tegi rnentH, , a roivr that shook the earth. I he brow of Umslopogaas the Slaughterer burned redibeneath the black when he heard it, and he shook Groan-Maker towards their host. 1 Ye 'shall sing another song before this sua is set,' he cried, and strode along the ranks speaking to this man and that by name and lifting up their hearts with great words. Now the Halakazi raised a shout, and charged to come at the young men led by Galazi tho Wolf; but beyond't.he foot of the slope was peaty ground, and they came through it heavily, and »s they came-Galazi and the young men full upon them and slew them all; still,thev might not h. l-.l them back foi- loi g. because of their great numbers,and presently ihe battle raged all along the slope. But so-Tell did Galazi handle the young men, and so fiercely did they fight beneath his eye that before thev could be killed'or driven back all the force of the Halakazi was doing battle with them. Ay, and twice Galazi charged with such as he could gather, | and twice he checked the Halakazi rush, throwing them into confusion, till at length company was mixed with company nud regi ment with regiment. But ifc -night not en dure for now more than half the young men were' down, and the rest were being pushed back up the hill, fighting madly. ' _ Now, all this while Umslopogaas and the veterans sat in their ranks upon the brov; of the slope and watched. ' Those Swazi dogs have a fool for their general, quoth Um slopo«aas. ' He has uo men left to fallback on, : and Galazi has broken his array and mixed his regiments as milk and^ cream are mixed in a bowl. They are uo longer an impi, they are a mob.' Now tho veterans moved restlessly on their haunches, pushing their legs out'and drawing them in again. They glanced at the fray, they looked into each others eyes and spoke a word hero, a word there, Well smitten, Galazi! Wow ! that one is down ! a brave lad ! Ho I a good club is the Watcher The fight draws near, my brother ! And even as they spoke their faces grew fiercer and their fingers played with their spears. At length a captain called aloud to Um slopogaas— ... ' Say, Slaughterer, is it not time to bo up and doing 1 The grass is ^ wet to sit on, and our limbs grow cramped." ' Wait awhile,' answered ymslopogaas. • I^et them weary of their play. Let them weary, I tell you. As ho ppoko the Halakazi huddled them selves together, and with a rush drove back Galazi and those who were left of the young men. ies, at last they were forced to ilee, and after them came the S«azis, and in the forefront was their chief, ringed round with a circle of his bravest. Umslopogaas saw ft a«d bounded to his feet, roaring like a bull. 'At them now, wolves !' he shouted. Then the line sprang up as a wave springs, and their crests were like the foam on the wave. As a wave that swells to break they rose suddenly, like a i breaking wave they pou-ed down the slope. In front of them was the Slaughterer, holding f!roan-Maker aloft, and oh ! his feet were swift. So swift was his feet that,strive as they would, he outran them by the half of a spear's throw. Gdlazi heard the thunder of their rush; he looked round, and as he looked, lo ! the Slaughterer swept msfc llim. running like a buok. Then Qnlapi, too, bounded forward, and the \\\olf Brethern spod down tho hill, the length of four spears between them. The Halakazi also saw and heard, and strove to gather themselves together to meet the rush. In front, of Umslopogaas was their chief, a ereat man hedged about with assegais. Straight at the shield-hedge drove Umslopo wss, and a score of srenrs were lifted to gre.pt him. a sgnrp nf shields fteiwod into t)ie this was a fence that none might pass alive. Yet would the Slaughterer puss it— and alone ! See ! ho steadies his pace, he gathers himself together, and now he leaps ! High into the air he leaps ; his feet knock the heads of the warriors and rattle against Hie crowns of their shields. They smite upwards with the spear,hut ho has swept over them liko a swooping bird. Ho has swept over them—ho has lit—and now the shields edge guards two chiefs. But .not for long. Ou ! Groan-Maker is aloft, ho falls—nor shield, nor axe, nor Swazi skull may stay his. stroke', all <ya cleft through,and the Halakazi lack a leader. . The shield-ring wheels m upon itself. Pools' i Galazi is upon you ! What was that? Look, now ! aeo how many bones are left unbroken in him whom the Watcher falls on full ! What !—another down ! Close up, shieid-men—alose up ! Ai are you fled 1 Ah I the wave has fallen or, the beach. Listen to Uh v.oaring—listen to the roaring of the 'shields! Stand, you men of the Halakaai-rstand ! S«plj thQy Jtro hut i> few.. So ! It Js done I Hy tho head of Ohaka ! they break„-thoy are pushed back—now the wave of slaughter seethes along the sands—now the foe is swept like floating weed, and from all the line there comes a hissing like the hissing of thin wntens. 'S'gee!' says tftp hiss'. iS'gee I B'geej' . _ There, my father, l am old, What have I to do with the buttle any more, with the battle and its joj 1 Yet it is better to die in suoh n fight as that than to live any other way. I have seen such—T have seen fttwy such. Oh ! we Qoukl fight "f w;l„ a 'my f.'.t'iier, but none that I knew po^ld ever fight like Umslqp.igaas the Slaughterer, s^n of Qhnkn, and his blood-brothor ftalazi the Wolf! go, so I they swept tliem away, those Halnkazi ; they swept them as a maid sweeps the dust flf a hut, as the wind sweeps the withered li/aves. It was soon done when onco it was begun. Some were fled and some were dead, and this wag the end of that fi^ht. No, no, not of all the fiL'ht, The Ilalalczi wore worsted In tlio field, but many lived to- win the great cavo, and there the work must be finished. Thithvr, then, weut the Slaughterer presently, with such of his impi as was left to hiir. Alas ! many were sjain; but, how could they h^vp {|jed better than in that ? Also those that were left were as trood as all, for now they new that thov should nnfc bo overcome easily while Axe and Club"still led the way. Now they stood before a hill, measuring, perhaps, three thousand pacos round its base. It was ( f no great height, ai d yet unclimb nble, for, after a man had gone up a littU way, the sides of it were sheer, offering no fppthold except to tho rock-rabbHs andtho lizards. 2\'o one was to be seen without lliis bill, nor in the great krnal of the Halaknzi that lay to tliu east of it, and yet the ground about was trampled with the hoofs of oxen and the .feet of men, and from within the mountain came the eound of lowing cattle. ' Here is the nest of the Halaka:i,' quoth Gakzi the Wolf. ' Here is the nest indeed,' said Umslopo gaas ; ' but how shall we come at the eggs to suck them ? There are no branches to this tree.' ' But there is a hole in the trunk 1' an swered the Wolf. . , Now, he led thom a little -way till they ] ca.ne to the place where the soil was tramp led as it is at the entrance to a cattle kraal, and they saw that there wrb a low c&ve; which led into the cliff, like an archway such as you white men build. But this archway was filled up with great blocks of stone | placed upon each other in such a fashion that ic could not be forced from without. J Aftnr the cuttle were driven in it had been filled up. ' Wo cannot entor here,' said Galazi. ' Follow me:' So they followed him, and came to the ! north side of the mountain, and there, two spear casts away, a soldier was standing. But when he s.vw them he vanished suddenly. ' There is the place,' said Galazi, 1 and the fi x ! as gone to earth in it.' Now ilicy ran to the spot and saw a little hole in the nick, scarcely bigger than an ant bear's bur. ow, and through tho hole came sounds and some light. ' Now, where is the hytena who will try a new burrew T cried Umslopogaas. ' A hun dred head of cattle to the man who wins through and clears the way !' Then two young men sprang forward who ■were flushed with victory and desired noth ing more than to make a great name and win cattle, crying— ' Her" are hyienas, 3ulalio.' 'To earth, then !' said Umslopogaas, 'and let him who wins through hold the path till others follow.' The two young men sprang at the hole, and he who reached it first went down upon his hands and knees and crawled in, lying on his shield and holding his spear before him. For a little while the light in the hole ! vanished, and they heard the sound of his c awling. Then came the noise of blows, [ and once more light crept through the hole. The man was dead. ' This one had a bad snake,' said the sec ond man ; his snake deserted him. Let me see if mine is better.' • So down ho went on his hands and knees, and crawled as the first had done, only he put his shield over his head. For a while they heard him crawling, then once more | came the sound of blows echoing on the ox- ; hide shield, and after the blows groans. He was dead also, yet it Beemed that they had left hia body in the holej for no light came through. This was tho cause, my father : when they struck the man he had wriggled I back a little way and died there, and ncne had entered from the farther side to drag him out. Now the soldiers stared at the mouth of the hole and none seemed to love the look of , it, for this was,but a poor way to die. Um slopogaas and Galazi also looked at it, think ing. Now, I am named Wolf,' said Galazi, 1 and a wolf should not fear the dark ; also, these are my people, and I must be the first to visit them,' and he went down on his hands and knees without more ado. But Umslopogaas, having peered once more down the burrow, said : ' Hold, Galazi ; I will go | first! I have a plan. Do you follow me. And you, my children, "shout loudly, so that none may hear us move ; and, if we win through, follow swiftly, for we cannot hold the mouth of the pUce for long. Hearken, also! This is my council'to you: if I fall choose another chief—Galazi the Wolf, if he is still living.' ' Nay, Slaughterer, name me not,' said the Wolf, " for together we live or die.' ' So let it be, Galazi. Then choose you I some other man and try this road no more, | for if we cannot p.isa it none can, but seek food and sit down here till those jackals bolt; then.be ready. Farewell, my children!' 'Farewell, father,' they answered, 'go warily, lest we bo left without a head, wandering and desolate.' Then Umslopogaas crept into the hole, taking no shield, but holding Groan- Maker ! before him, and at his heels crept Galazi. When he had gone the length of six spears he stretched out his hand, and, as he trusted to do, he found the feet of that man who had gone before and died in the place. Then Umslopogaas the wary did this he put his head beneath tho dead man's legs and thrust himself onward till all the body waa on his b ick, and then ho held it with one hand, I gripping its two wrists in his hand. Then | he crawled forward ft little space and saw that he was coming to the inner mouth of the burrow, but that the shadow was deep there because of a great mass of rock which lay before the burrow shutting out the light. ' This, is well for me,' thought Ums-lopogftM^ ' for now they will not know thg dpiid from the living. I may vfjt }oqk upon the ami again.' Now fte ]je;tfd t(ie ljalnka?ii soldiers talking without. Spiie JJulu rats do not love this run,'said one, 1 they fear the rat-catcher's stick. This is (rood sport,' and a man laughed. Then Umslopogaas jushed himself forward as swiftly as he could, holding the dead man I on his back and suddenly came out ot the I holo into the open place in the dark shadow of the great rock. 'By the Lilv,' cried a soldier, 'here's ft third ! Take that, Zulu rut!' and hp atruck the dead man heavily with a Uorrio. 'And that!' cried another driving his spear through fain so flmt it prickcd Umslopogais ( bpestf h. * And that ! and that.! and that I said others, as they sinote and stabbed. ■ Now Umtlopogaus groaned heavily in the J deap shadow and lay still. ' No "noed to waste more blow,' s>iid tho man who had struck first. This one will never go back to Zululand, and I think that few will care to follow him. Let us umkc an end ; run,some of you, and find stones to stop the burrow, for now the sp >rt is dime.' He turned as he sjiolse and so did the cithers^ and tili3 was what the Slaughterer , sought. \Vith n swift movement, he freed himself from tho dead man and sprang to his feet. They heard tho sound and turned again, but as they turned Groan-Maker pecked softly, and that man who had sworn by the Lily was no more a man. Then Um slopogaas leaped forward, and, bounding on to the great rock, stood there like a buck against the sky. ' A Zulu rat is not so easily slain, O ye weasels !' he cried, as they came at him from all sides at once with a roar. He smote to tho right and the left, and so swiftly that men could scarcely see the blows fall, for hs struck with Groan-Maker's beslf. But though man scarcely s^w tie blows, yet, my fathei, iyi£Vl fell henbath them. Now foes were n'l around, leaping up at the Slaughterer as rushing wator leaps to hide a rock—every where shone spears, thrusting at him from this side and from, t li.it. Those in front and to thg aide Oroan-Maker served to stay, but 1 one wounded Umslopogaas in the neck, and another was lifted to pierce his hack when the strength of itn h^Wor waa howod' to the dust^to the dust, to become of the'dust. I'/ir now tho Wblf nas through the' hole, and the Watcher grew vory busy ; he was so busy that soon the back of the Slaughterer had nothing more to fear—yet those hi\d much to fear who stood behind bis bafV"- The pair [ought ^vel.v making a great s'Aughtcr, and presently, on& V on \ plumed heads of the Ppople of the Axa ahowed through the holo and strong arms mingled in tho fr»". Swiftly they camo, leaping into Ymttle as otters leap to tl><j Witfer-_n„w there \vere ten of them. "Ow thero WO^ twenty—ui.kV now the Halikjjji ap,d fled, since they did not bargain 'fur'this. Then'the rest of the Men ul the Axe came t hrough in pyape, and the evening gre\y tnwa ids thp dark ipeforeall had passed the hoi?. (To be continued.) Portraying Perfect ClIAKACTEIiS.—The novelist or dramatist who consciously seeks to portray perfect characters is sure to givo his men the qualities of tho prig and his women the manners of tho prude. There iwe, however, characters in the world of romance which (though not offered to us as faultle's) may stiind as patterns of womanly perfection. Scott's Rebecca is as perfect as she is beautiful, and the horoino of Chateau briand's story, 'The Last of the Abon corrages,' is a worthy sister of Rebecca.— " Belgravia Magazine," A Polite Man.—Tho Due de Moray's doOnition of u polite man is the hardest to realiBO of any ever given. 'A polite man,' Baid he, ' is one who listens with interest to things he kno va all about, when thoy aro told by a person who kpowfJ nothing about. them. ; 9 ...1, 