MORE REMINISCENCES OF CARLYLE. 1 1 . *v ?. ? THE GAT.LIVANTINOS -OF ME. Milli.. r rr., " i - i « - n- ~. The second instalment of Sir : Charles Duffy's " Conversations and Correspondence of Thomas Carlyle," in the Contemporary Review, ie more interesting than the first. Recalling the days of the "Latter-Day Pamphlets," the'writer tel\a a humorous story of the seriousness with which an Irishman of Coleraine received the atrabilious suggestion in , " Downing-sfcreet " that the work of Parliament might be done better and cheaper by a newspaper. Sir Charles saya:-"It must have tickled the philoso-, pheFs midriff to fiad this mad banter taken Btrionßly by one bis admirera, who was wii ling to anbsor'ibe J510 a year towards setting vp a newspaper which should supersede Parliament in the minds of all reasonable1 people." But the most entertaining passages in these reminiscences relate to John Mill and his' platonic affection for the lady who afterwards became his wife. In a oonversa tion with Sir Charles Duffy, Carlyle held forth ia this wiso:-At one time wo'saw a good deal of Mill. In the Btform Bill era be was ah innocent young oreatnre, with rich auburn hair and gentle pathetic expression, beautiful to contemplate; but a domestic embroilment drove him to adopt a eeoluded j monastic sort of life, in which people saw ' little of him but the work ho did. His life j had been ^recked by a platonic, and quite innocent, affection for a married lady who ! had since become his wife, concerning whom j he had got possessed'by an idea, or indeed a : series of ideas, wbioh were altogether absurd ¡ and insupportable. He regarded her as th« paragon of womankind, whioh she was not by long'odds; far otherwise than a paragon one. might safely say. She was the daughter of a Radical doctor, who married her to Taylor, à Badieal and Sooinian; an honest Biopic ' sort of'man, who had ho doubt that the ideas whióh prevailed among this class of persons afforded a sufficient solution for all the hard! problems of life. W. J, Fox, who had a chapel in Finsbury, where he patronised Peter and Pani as ignorant'but well-inteh-' tioned persons, delivered prayers which some one dèsoribed as the most éloquent prayers that aver were addressed to a British : andienoe. Fox had probably the Taylors among his cÓHgrégátíóuí" at any rate, he came te know that Mrs. Taylor, « vivacious little body, who found her life among the Sooinians wearisome, and he told her that John . Mill ; waa the .man among the buman racejto relieve in a competent manner.her dubieties and difficulties.. He brought Mill to ! see her ; and Mill, who had ; probably never before looked into a woman's face, was spell-bound. She was a shrewd woman, with a taste.for opquetry, and.ebe, .took possession of MiU and wrapped him np like a coopon. He used to go to her tn all his trouble to be comforted, and in ali his difficulties te bo guided, and probably to bo flattered a little besides. .From that time all Mill's enjoy. - ments in life centred in her, Taylor remon- strated with her on the extent to whioh the intimacy was carried ; but she told him ho might blow up the house if it seemed good to him,, but abe could not, under any ciroiini Btyiioes, giv.e np this friendship aa she would probably call it. There were children to be considered, and he thought he .had better en- dure, the thing than make a clamour and a catastrophe.. .. .'.. . Mrs..Carlyle, who was present, said Mrs. Mill waa not the pink of womankind as her, husband conceived, but & peculiarly affected and empty, -body.. She,, was nbt easy unless she startled you with unexpected .sayings.'. If she washing jx> u^t^r something kind ¡and affectionate abe spoke ia a hard stern voice... If she .wanted, tc bstahbtming or uncivil she employed the most honeyed and affectionate tones. " Come dpw.n andsee us," she ¿aid one day (mimick ing. bet tone), "you will bc charmed, with ou honsp, it is so fall of rats." " Bats ! onod Carlyle; "do you regard them,as an attraction ?" " Yes " (piano), u they are cu th dear inupcont.creatur-es.". lira. Carlyle at the same time told me the story now sufficiently known of how the first volume of the " French Bevolution " got burnt. When Mill.suddenly appeared at. Cbeye-row to an nflunce the misfortune, he looked so like thc ghost of Hain 1.-t'a father, that rho knew some catastrophe must hare occurred, and exclaim, ed involuntarily, " Graoious Providence,' he has gonè off with Mrs. Taylor 1" but happily the misfortune proved to be a more remedi- able one. t " One day," said Mrs. John Stuart Blackle ' to a Strand magazine interviewer, "I weat to Call oh Mrs. Carlyle. It was in the after- noon of a very, very hot day. I was just say. ing go&d-bye;, when it suddenly occurred to trié to ask, referring of course to ber hus- band, ' May I see the great man P' Mrs. Carlyle took me down some dark kitchen stairs; and there, in a oorner, with his trousers drawn np te his knees, sat Carlyle on a chair, with his feet and" legs in a great tub of cold water I". Mn. M. BYAN, of the firm "M. and D. Byan," informs the Expresa that there have been magnificent rains on the Central Murchison an well as at the Other places. Around the "M.M." station,the country hasbeen flooded, something like six inches having fallen. The downpour oommenced oa March 10th, and lasted until the parched earth was thor, oughly saturated. More heavy rain has vis- ited the district since ; feed has oommenced to spring up abundantly ; and Mr. Byan pre- dicts that the season wUl bo the best experi 4«eij$\fil târa MnronlBbn for a long perio! ol " years. SEEING TUB GREAT MAN. 