iV 'ffalc of a 'D'ouili, or a Moi lo-comlc Btenl Djlfe Trngcdy. ? ?? - VO' tlmu ip-Im inlHpUli'f-inuTtinir clilol. Ilutt. iho »ioIcj4 «if tllsirtlrtl ? . 'J ill -lufl miniWtul nft -1:mw u rorl r - .-??? ? la : ? ?. ? ? .- ?Qiutt* tliw fuw a' tM'OllHIIll'fl w«il ? ? A {owninaJ'rt (autliuefiu.' : ,m- . . — JliiitN-H. ? Thk garrulous editor of tho Rtviejtm, ' Morn Gliost Sforios.' npoaking of spiritism^' tablo lapping, and hypnotic trances, tolls a story of how transfiguration ' docs eometiaies, ? and did. Inko placo/whon no spiritualistio soaiicos wcto 011. Somo wooks ago a writor gavp^somo Will tho uiideruoted narrativoof a local ,4 trans figuration,'' whon no epiritistiosoanco was on,' show a confirmation nqaror homo of tho ghoxt story editor's tulo. / Stead's, contributor writes thus '? . ' I ?m-l trriffpR nij- tinrr.itWn »n t-i l?(?s fmjnfi «-J«m I up my i*;n i»flornui»jiort-) coiu.'liiiln it. Jlv, wlTo wit. iiur.-iii|C Iway ni tlio laoir. tn»m writra tlio laavw, forkw, ctc., lual nut Ixrca ri'imivod. 1 linil di|-)-o-l my in-a Itrto tlio ink, wli.ti'inx wifi- nOlcil tiat, 1 1 feel as if 1 hud w-en xtnlilail in tliy mm— Knch ii jminl' ' IUit'iiiiintloH,* T. Hlio nm-V nn I loolsvfl ntlicr, nntlto niy Imwn- T wnv Ittrr fawj luirriiilv din toilwl. It. wiKluiilly itMHiinuil a urn-it. (loviluU.CMUiwioit. I luij lio tnl of TRAnrinimtTios*, lint ncvcr Aecn our hjfoiv. In Ktt'iul of tuy dwir wlfo'n ini.'i'iT,l«ii|jliin|f f-icr-, lijisiv *-,t rtn r-] il - i*!i iiiiiii, witli low,' hovtUnir tnxiwv, «tnay i-vc.-, that owulol jninu witfi u fmllwinaa llait half fii!-elnittnf..lialf fnaht-'iioil ine. I roso fntm my ilm'r, anil nt/tort liy iay (-litlil. Tlw turn nmtnxl tho IuiIh! ^nutuallj- rolnvcil its hohl. M'lu'to t ho othov luiiil ja-nllr civ|-l oa l»- tho tablo toward a ktufe, wh'tli lulonro Ror/oil (tointi'ivoittlixi). Almost directly my wlfo jravo a lioavy nitjh, inul to my nn ut ixlicf I fontid her cua linllol hy one of mtr m»irit fricnilH.1' Tlio ' linnaiisnratinii ' now about -o bo nnr-* rated,- wan not- affected by tho 'spirits of tho air ' ; but by Iho ' spirits ' *-f a tortvstrial trio, not a' thousand miles froin tho ' suiictuai ' of n cortain oows c'ditor.* ' ' 5cono : First floor of a chemist's shop. A dontipt's oporating room. ? Dramatis ptrsamc: Mr. Tirnbor, a dont'st of classic cut, coudii^tim» Mr. Drovor, a stalwart muscular enmp cook, much worried with tho tooth-ncho, to havo tooth drawn; Dr. l?ocky, to ndmiuistor nunstfioticj^,. ohlorpl of othel or othor, to allay piiin if required.: Crng,' a chemist, to givo collateral aid ; als»» assistant doutiat, othor pationts, ludj'.patiotit iu waiting-room, oflico hoys, otc. Time: Saturday, 4 p.m. ? ? ? ''Mr. Timber : ' How long hnvo you boon ail ing with this toothncho Mr. Drovor: 'I havo boon nearly mad with it all this wook ; scarcoly slept a wiiifc with tho ? thing! Ilavo it out quick, if you pleas'o.' Mr. 'litnbor to Dr. Bocky [asido] : ' Cluoss c follow will nond all his musnlo to hinil that fel low's molar out, oh?' fStops over to w^oro ' Drovor is rcclining in tho chair., and.. oxamines { tho tooth.] .Why, my boy, -thoro is nothing J scarcoly tho matter with your tciuth. -You aro only suffering from neuralgia.' ,. . ftfr. Drovor: ' Arcur, this, that, or tho othor, or i whatovor yo call it. I wnnt this tooth out; | that's what I'vo como horo for, and I won't loave j this chair, till its out Thoro: I'll pay 4 for it, | whatovor it costs.' . * Mr. Titnbor to Dr. Bocky : ' Doctor, will you : seo if ho is a fit. subject for anasthotics to rojiovo i tho pain, for tho tooth, though a littlo docayo£, I it is as strong as ti bullock's ?' I Doctor (aftor use of stethoscope) : ' Whow ! i man, you could not bo killed with an nxo!*\ I ' Mr. Tnnbor now .gently, fans tho southing I aroma into tho faco of tho patient, who seem* to tie going i ho n rosy, ontio-ituo siumhor ; wluio Arr. Tinibor rolls up his sleeves with a confidont smilo, but also a 'sot' of (hitonniniil.ion,. a? if somo difficult but heroic task, to which ho was fully equal, was to como. oJT, and . from which somo w»dl-morit«d applausu miirht. hdlow. Mis assistant hold nu olnhorstoly fitted cabinet of dentist's appli ances ready to ham! for tho oporntion— t ho while ooinmontin^ hrmoVirously but moohanioully on whether or jt-it this molar woufd not ha tho j 'boas cockio'* in tbo ciihinot hulosv if it gut I thoro. Mr. .Timber wns now, with ono foot on tho support, and ull ready for action, whou all at onco, the now ?? transfigured ' huiiji coolc in the twinkling of an oyo, assuoo-d thn ! '? porpondicular,' stood glowering around, in Iho highest fury of hypnotic rage ! llo 'wns tho only living being, tuncli too .much ' living ' figure j prosontnow. Thinidorstruok, riroftod lolhoJJ««»r with blank staring amazement, tningh-d with . a ' what-noxt-sort- of-air,' stood tho doctor, tho dontist, tho ehomist, tho assistants— all ! if a ' snap-shot' photo of tliat ycennit.uM liavejunt thnn hoeti taknn, ' .it would ly pass' as repm«Mntiii{r ? well,. 'Tho Ch'Muhor «if. 1 lor rors,' a highly-drawn wax- work* reprosontation of a . most ghastly murder sceno in its initial strigos; or looking at two livid fares alone, a | glimpso at' Tho iioxors ' in a Greek sculpture .; studio. ' ^ ' ? Tho-lady. patio-it could not hoar voicos, but a low' nnd fitful ' booing' within, imd a grind ing sound as if a small bono mill had lost its j govornors. Sho was gottinir curious— anxiou«. i Prosontly. tho door oponoil with n bamr. Oh ! I horror of horrors ! what shouldrsho do ? ' Thoro ! wns tho hitherto tnoeU nndlowlyMr. Drovor, no Iqugor^— but ' Angols.nnd ministors of grace defond us !' What was it—' a spirit of health' or goblin damned ?' .Thoro wns - what, Mr. Timbor ? in tho clutch of doath ; wns it ilnnnih's wrostling: with Doath ? or was sho horsolf too it' a hypnotic tranco P ' Crag was shot' througli tho! door ' liko a papor bullot ' from a toy gun, minus a vest or coat ? and' three quartors of tho upper portion of his linon. 'iho yotinir lady graspod tho scone impoiTcctly'. '. Baron Swanston ' Dooming,' ' Hainlnll,'. and a host of 'daily impros'sions soiz-d hor. and liko tho twittoring timorous swnllow in tho dark, shospodforthpfirsfcrayof^oiitsido^Jnyiigiii. Tliis cnmo fronv tho 'balconj', 'casements, whithor sho spod, and would hnvo lonpod ovct tho palisading 20 foot bobw but for. tt.wnrnitig shout of oiitroaty' from a wriggling hf,uro in tho chimney pot over bond. Monntimo tho scono within grow ' fnst nnd furious.'? Tho hvpnotic V transhgurntion ' wnsovidont. Ono beloagurcd prisonor kopt-th*1 nttacking snomo nt bnv with a corntcn polo, while npologotically rotroating towards 'tlio door; -yet anothor inoro nthlntic, mil with a moro . ready sooho of- tho first, law of ? nntnro, wns briskly wriggling- luuitsttlf up thrnugh ? Uhk- chimnuv ;stack, aud finally, becoming ' nnprisonod and -tiansfixcd: liko. a : .figtiro head, Appoarod triumphant, aud olatnd . half ? through tho ohitniioy stack pot ovor tho roof;,- whilo Mr. Timboi-.'tho doctor, and tho chemist, otc.,. woro comjiellod for tho nouco to imjirtson tho hypno r-tized pntiont in his wild dolorium, by holding tho doors. from outaido.- s — ' ' v. : . .' Coiifimlon now hnth madG hix iriantcr piwio. ? . -'-Most wtwntgfouii inunlnr JiatJi broke op«» ? ? . i Tim n anointed toni|iU'. and ntole thoaco . . r 'ilio Iffo o' tho bufhlfiitf.'— SIacuhth- ? .t. . , Ttmo would fail in giving othor needless dotnils — some couno, sotno trngic. It is satisfactory to noto, howoror,. that-fnU tho professional . mon, though r sovcroly -taxed,-, stuck to their colours, and carnnd . out-Mr. -Drovor's- desires,' nnd tho offonding and mntnuioth tnolnr mav- ho soon' in tho cabiuot bolow,' a.miniaturo, ironbat k stump, turned, roots. rupwardsi^- and . laholled . con spicuously '? A tooth with it /tisiory.' . '. -Thoro would bo notlungmt his tnlodid it nothnvo' n moral. i-Madamo. Blathoratsky and - Colotiol Oldcock havo^ told us , something of Thoosophv, and Aatral ghosts,- and: how: ilioy. como, oto.j. Wo: havo soon ,iuMho nbovorquotntion ..how .' my darling smiling merry faced, littlo ? wife*!' was tiam-figured into a ghowlish; murderous . boetlo-- btowod old tnan, which ctuibb bo: bnnishod only by tho advent and . ohenssion .of a- good ' and fnondly spirit,. Says. tho chronicler : ?, ?'.On iatnihing tho OH1KO mm Hrir.i-r'-imi»iw toldTiw Uutt.wo' hlid KKciLi:trrni- Tiir.n: waiisiso . . . i - r.nd had given the rvii. epintH which hrmntrd tlie koohm of their foirnor miH-: dii^N ( Xot/t 11. That trwl ' imiUvhiUw 'V wo aovcr bj ad~iuutely und.-reti™! by ono whu Ims not wit ncKs»-tt the ««?»«», fonnms tho «n1-i'ft of this tale] «n far u» to' nuUo the dtsqohitiidfw from whiulivwe Kutleml.; Ji, however, wo ; a windlo bui-nlnifi they.wimld bo iwrn-iUw.'1 r -,k Now,- tlio - morale is, ; ' Do ns :-lho- doctor or tho dontist telis;you,' or it you.'.intoiid uot to, tut... persist, in .hnving-a .snniid. tnolnr -drawn, hijht a ca mlh ' ..l.'oscriptuui.— The foregmmj, which wns found: ;\vrappMil around - an empty. pilb.hox;r. has boon ImuiIi-I to for omorgoncy. matter, to, replace . tho wuiu out emuko iiuu alull. ' 