AUSTRALIAN MYTHS. From BELGRANIA). The Australian aborigines have a curious myth with rogard to tho origin of .vator. Thoy ray that originally there was 110 wator in Australia. They got along very comfort ably without it till ono clay some udvon turous spirit suggested that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn con clave was hold, and they determined to apply to tho oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the courso.to bo pursued to attain their object. The venerablo native listened to their com plaint, and told them that tho wator was conr tained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at tho top of one of .their highest mountains. All that was required was to make him laugh, when tho wator would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-operation to obtain tho desired result TliiB they readily agreed to, and natives and animals repaired in a great body to tho toad's mountain to try tlicir powers in the way of laugh raising. Tho first to make the oesay wastheasa. Ho brayed "so loud that lie might havo been a demagogue expatiating on the crimes of tho classes as against the virtues of the masses. Ho shook his long ears till thoy rattled again, ho kicked his' heels into the air higer than any, donkey had over elevated them llofpro, he cut tho most, fantastic capers—all to no use, una-the toad did not so much na wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a Belfaatisfied air* as though he and he alono knew tho socret of how to make the toad laugh. Bubj. aids .for the vanity of the feathered as pirations, his crowing and .flapping of wings, had no more effect than his1 predecessor's braying, and he to retired discomfited. One after the othorall the animalBj birds, and fishes trie.1 their best to raisn alaugh, but with no-better success. At last when every body was beginning to despair camo the eel wriggling along on the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contortions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail. Those watching the gigantic toad saw the muscles of his m»uth begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot, and walked solely on his head. Lo I and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel redoubled his efforts ; he twisted himself into a double knot, and walked jauntily along on his head and his tail. This extroardinary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his rruuth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a I mighty torrent down_the mountain side, and spreading "ver the country formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, camo the native" rejoicing that at last the would have an'obu ndance of water. The following Btory shows that ghosts can bo vindictive in Victoria, and resent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A man travelling in the count y of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the direction tlio family had taken, and nil round' nbouk the place pieces of bark covered with white clay, in dicating a death. Ho found tracks leading to a tree in which ho spoil found a dead body. Anxious to know who had died, he laid down his rug and weapons at the foot of tho tree and ascended it. On removing the opossum rug from the face he found that it was a friend. He wept for a long time, then went away. He had not gone far when he heard some magpies malting a great noiso as though they saw something strange. Ho turned round to see what it was, and to his terror he saw the ghost of tho deceased come down and follow him. .He was so terri fied ho could not 'move, butiimanaged to address it in these terms Why do you frighten me when I have come to seo you and ' never did you any harm?" It never spoke, but followed him for a con siderable distance, stratchiiig his back with its nails, and then returned to this rree. When he reached his friends he told them what had happened, showed them his back lacer ated and bleeding ; and said lie had a pre sentiment that something bad would befall him before long. At tho; next meeting of tlio tribes he was speared through the heart. 