SPORTING NOTES. [By ' Battledore.' J The racing in the immediate future attracting most attention just now is the Hawkesbury meeting on Saturday, the 2nd. Then the A. J.O. Autumn meeting is drawing near, and people are beginning to make their selections, and inform their friends of various ' real monty's' and absolute ' deadbirds' in connection with the Cup and Doncaster. But, generally speaking, betting or — at all events straightout betting — is as yet feeble on the Autumn meeting. A good deal is being done in long shot doubles, and the favorites in this way seem to be Miss Letty, Magic Circle, Pet Girl, Wild Rose, and one or two others. Rosehill March meeting was a suc cess in every way. The Austral Handicap and Rosehill Cup caused considerable speculation, and proved an attractive double to backers. In the city and suburban the running of Hurrah caused the stewards to hold an enquiry, with the result that the horse and Jas. Gough, the jockey, were disqualified for 12 months. Racing took place at Canterbury Park yesterday, when the postponed meeting of the Moorefield Club came off. There was a moderate attendance, but that cannot be .wondered at when we have had so much' racing of late. The Hawkesbury Race Club will hold their meeting at Rosehill racecourse instead of on. the Club's ground at Windsor. This is a move in the right direction, and will result in a larger attendance and an additional profit to the Club. . Entries for several events of the Parkes . Jockey Club will demand atten tion within the next few ' days. The prizes range from 20 to 30 sovs for the different races. Mr. Harwood is the secretary. Bungebah's victory in the Rosehill Cup has entitled him to a penalty of 101b for the Doncaster Handicap, and his weight is now lOst 3lb. There lately died in South Australian notable horse, no other than old Sheet Anchor, once one of the best known of Australian leppers, but who lately has been enjoying that leisure which his good deeds of the past warranted. Nearly a score of years ago — for Sheet Anchor was pretty well a quarter of a century old before be gave up the ghost— the old grey was the property of Mr. John Brown, a farmer and miller of Ballarat, and it was Sheet Anchor's duty to draw flour around the district and to drag the agile plough. One day after he had had several hours at the game, and was being taken home, he got away from the ploughman, and when followed popped over all the fences before him, encumbered as he was with his tackle, and when chased by horsemen he simply left them as he liked, and it was not till hunger forced him that he once again returned to. captivity. From that day Sheet Anchor was looked upon as a steeple chaser, and indeed there have been few better in the colonies, though he had not an aristocratic pedigree, so far as I know. The Pony Races at the Show here next week ought to prove a great suc cess. The drawback always felt at' races on the racecourse of not being able to see the whole of the race is here done away Avith, and, as innumerable visitors will be on hand, I predict a big affair. In the world of the Bat and Ball the chief event is the crushing defeat of Australia at Adelaide, which the . Lon don Times characterises as a fitting end to Lord Sheffield's tour. His lordship has informed the Cricket Council that he is anxious to bring out a thoroughly re presentative team to play three test matches against Australia, but he is afraid that Dr. Grace would not come and it would, therefore, be imperative for Shrewsbury and Gunn to join to make the team repreeentative. The council are endeavoring to meet Lord Sheffield in every way, and are anxious to arrange another series of test matches. They have agreed to accept Lord Sheffield's suggestion that he should have the re fusal of the arrangement until after next May when he will have had time to look around him in England. The following are the results of 11 a-side matches played by England and Australia during the visit of Lord Sheffield's team :— November 20, 21, and 23 : Defeated South Australia, at Ade laide by an innings and 62 runs. Scores : England, 323 ; South Australia, 163 and 98. November 27 and 28 : Defeated Victoria at Melbourne by an innings and 107 runs. Scores : England, 284 ; Victoria, 73 ' and 104. December 4, 5, 7 : Defeated New South Wales by four wickets and three runs. Scores : Eng land, 94 and six wickets for 155 ; New South Wales, 74 and 172. January 1, 2, 4, 5, C : Beaten by Australia at Mel bourne by 58 runs. Scores: Australians, 240 and 236 ; England, 264 and 154. January 29, 30, February 1, 2, 3 : Beaten by Australia at . Sydney by 72 runs. Scores : Australia, 144 and 391 ; Eng land, 307 and 156. February 19, 20, 22, 23 : Defeated New South Wales (return match) by seven wickets and 2 runs. Scores : England, 414 and thieo wickets for 42 ; New South Wales, 244 and 210. March 17, 18, 19 : Defeated Victoria (rctnrn match) by nine wickets ?and 4 runs. Scores : England, 184 and one wicket for 57 ; Victoria, 137 and 100\. March 24, 25, 26, 28: Beat Australia at Adelaide by an innings and 230 runs. Scores : England, 499 ; Australia, 100 and 169. Most of the football clubs in Sydney and elsewhere have now held their annual meetings, and rumors fire flying about all over town as to what well known players are leaving their old clubs, and what clubs . they are joining; Most of these rumors, however, are mere gas, with no foundation. In Sydnoy an Association of Umpires is to be formed this season, under, the guidance of the S.R.F.U., and any old players desirous of undertaking the onerous duties of an umpire should forward their names and addresses to the Hon. Sec. S.R.F.U., Box 1453, G.P.O. as soon as possible. The twenty-eighth ; annual geLwA meeting of _ the University Football 0 lull ' was held in the common-room, ai th.A University on Thursday evening, 8 ! -t. ? inst., at 8 p.m. J On Tuesday night, in the fight be- j tween Dunne, the Sydney middleweight, I and Sinnott, the Victorian middle- | weight, for the premiership and a side \ wager, Dunne managed to put Sinnott ' through in ten rounds, after a very game fight before a big crowd. Corbett accuses Charley Mitdhell of - funking, and being afraid to meet him. Griffo has had an offer made to him to go to the old country and return via \- America. A well-known Sydney sports man has made him a capital offer, which he has been strongly advised to accept. He hasn't made up his mind what to do up to the present, but we shall' probably know all before long. By the bye, it has been reported that Griffo has :taken unto himself, a wife. This rumour, however, is incorrect. Says ' Cox' in speaking of the Stan bury-Sullivan match :— The wet and ever-changing weather we are now experi encing does not interfere' with the train ing operations of either Stanbnry or Sullivan. The scullers have a, little more than four weeks at their disposal, and by tho expiration of that time it is certain, unless something unforeseen occurs, both men .will be in the pink of condition. The rainy weather has not been accom panied by much wind, and the water up the river remains fairly smooth, hence the oarsmen have not been inconvenienced to any considerable extent. The sporting public is beginning to show great inte rest in the coming champion race. On Sunday afternoon the steamer Pheasant conveyed a large number up the river, with the special object of seeing the scullers at their work. The two men rowed down from Uhr's Point to The Brothers at a slow, steady space. They took things leisurely the whole time, rowing stroke; for stroke and keeping together. As they rowed along the difference in physique of the two men were plainly apparent. ?? ^ Stanbury's bronzed arms and legs, too, presented a contrast to the while limbs of Sullivan. The New Zea lander is a well-built man, but of course is much smaller than Stanbury. The latter rowed in .fine form, making good use of his back and legs. Sullivan, too, rowed well. The steamer returned to the quay at about a quarter-past 5 o'clock. Coming down the river a fierce wind was encountered, and the air was almost as cold as that of winter. The race is exciting a great deal of attention and both men are being fairly well sup ported. r A good deal has been done during the past week in the way of shooting in Bathurst, but as particulars have ap peared from day to day in the columns of the Advocate I will not touch on the matter. Down at .the baths the other day, a dampish-looking youth, with a towel rouud his waist, asked ' 'Ow it was they 'ad. no swimmin' races in Bathurst ?' His conversational powers were weak, but put an idea in my head. Why should swimming contests not become as popular here in Bathurst as they are in Sydney and elsewhere ? We have a splendid bath, and surely we must have a few good smimmers. Now, then, see to it, teetotalers and lovers of the watery element. 