NICK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER XXI.—(Continued.) “The emigrants, itoland continued, with incoherent haste; “you brought them? They are pursuing the savages? they havo resoued her ? Speak, Nathan—tell' me all; tell me that my cousin is free !’’ “Truly, friend,” muttered Nathan; “thee doth confuse both theeself and me with many questions. Bo thee be oontent for awhile, till I chafe thee poor legs, which is like the legs of a dead man, and tie np thee wounds. When thee can stand up and walk, thee shall know all I have to tell thee, both good and bad. It is enough thee is theeself safe.” “Alas, I read it all from your looks,” cried the soldier ; “ Edith is still a prisoner: and I lie here, a miserable, crushed worm, incapable of aiding, unable even to die for her ! But the emigrants, my friends ? they are at least urging the pursuit J there is a hope they will retake her r” “ Truly, friend,” said Nathan, “ thee shall know all, if thee will have patience, and hold thee tongue. If thee loves thee poor kinswoman, and would save her from crnel bondage and sorrow, thee must be quiet till I have put thee again upon thee legs ; and, after that, thee shall have my counsel and help to do what is good and proper for ' the maiden’s redeeming.” She bold attempt o£ Nathan to pass the line of besiegers at the ruiD, it seemed, he had accomplished, without difficulty, though not without risk ; but this part of the nar- ' rative he hurried over, as well as his passage of the river, at a solitary and dangerous ford in the wildest recesses of the forest. Then, striking through the woods, and aiming for the distant station, he had arrived within but a few miles of it, when it was his fortune to stumble upon the band of Regulators, who, after their memorable ex ploit at the beech-tree, had joined tho emi grants, then on their march through the woods, and conveyed them to the station. Here passing the niirlit in mirth and frolic, they were startled, at an early hour, by the alarming intelligence, brought by a volunteer hunter, who had obtained it none coaid tell how, of the presence of the Indian army ou the north side ; and, leaving their friends to arm and folio was they conld, the visitors immediately mounted their horses, to return to Bruce's station, audthenco to seek the field of battle. To these unex pected friends, thus opportunely met in the woods, Nathan imparted his story. A council of war oeing called on the spot, it was resolvod to gallop at once to tho icsoue of tho travellers. Taking Nathan up, therefore, behind him, and bearing him along, to point out the position of the Indians, the gallant Tom Bruce, followed by his equally gallant com panions, dashed through the woods, and , succeeded by daybreak in reaching the ruin ; , where, as Nathan averred, so judiciously had thoy laid their plans of attack, the Indians, . if still there, might have been surprised, en tirely worsted, and perhaps the half of them cutoff upon the spot; “ which,” ashe rather - hastily observed, “ would have been a great ' comfort toall concerned.” But the ruin was deserted, besiegers j and besieged bad alike vanished, as well as the bodies of those assailants who had { fallen in the conflict, to find their graves , under the ruins, among the rooks, or in , the whirling eddies of the river. The tracks of the horses being discovered in the ravine and at the water’s edge, it was inferred that , the whole party, too desperate or too wise to j yield themselves prisoners, had been driven j into the river, and there drowned: and this idea inflaming the fnry of the Kentuckians , to the highest pitch, they sought out, aud - easily discovered among the canes, the fresh trail of the Indians, which they followed, , resolving to exact tho fullest measure of - revenge. Nathan, the man of peace, from whom no ( further services were expected, was now j turned adrift, to follow or protect himself as | he might; and the young men betook them- t Belves to the pursuit, with as much speed as , the wild oharacter of the woods permitted. ] Nathan, making his own observations from , the appearanoe of the different tracks in the j ravine^ and satisfying himself there was < than could be accounted for, he~iollowed after the young men, examining the Indian trails in places where it had not been effaced by the Kentuckians, until he became con vinced that the fugitives had, in some unac conntable way, escaped alive from the river, and were still struggling in retreat, led by some friendly guide, although oloBely pur sued by the foe. This discovery, it was also probable, had been made by the Kentuckians, who had, in eonseqnence, urged their horses to the utmost, and, arriving on the hill where the Bavages layin ambush, rushed to the attack, and fought and lost the battle, before Nathan could reach them. He met them indeed re treating in full rout before the victors; many wounded, all overoome by paoio, and none willing or able to throw any light on the cause of defeat. One, indeed, checking bis horse a moment, to bid the man of peace look to himself, and avoid the savages who were still urging the pursuit, hastily assured him that the defeat was all owing to Captain Ralph's ghost, which had suddenly got among them, yel ling for vengeance on his executioners; for which reason the consoience-stricken Regu lator called Nathan to witness his oath, •which he now made, “ that he would never lynch a man again, as long as he lived.” “ Then, friend,” said the man ot peace, “ I took counsel as to what we should do ; and truly it was decided to creep after the murdering Shawnee oreatures—and see what had become of tbee and thee poor women; Well, friend, as soon as we thought it safe, we crept to the spot on the hill-side; and safe enough it was, the savages having de parted, leaving nothing behind them, save two young Kentuckians and the colored person, whom they had prevailed over and hewn to pieces with their hatchets; besides four corpses of their own, which {jkey had stuck in a cave, where Peter snuffed them out. Well, friend, I saw then that thee enemies had divided; the main body depart ing one way over the hill, while a smaller party had crossed the river with a horBe and prisoner. Truly it was Peter’s opinion that this prisoner was theeself, and that. if we followed thee, we might in some way aid thee to escane, thee captivators being so few in number. And so, friend, we waded the river, and followed thee trail until night came, when little Peter undertook to nose thee on in the dark, which he did very successfully, until we-re ached the place where the savages had killed their horse, and broken the cask of liquor, when trnly the scent of the same did so prevail over Peter's nose, that I was in fear he never would smell right again in all his life, which was a great grief to me; fer truly Peter’s nose is, as I may say, the staff of my life, my defence, and my succor: truly, thee don't know the value of little Peter’s nose. “ Well, friend,” continued the narrator, “Having orept up as near as I dnrst, I conld see how thee was fixod, tied to tho poles so thee could not help theeself, and the three savages lying beside thee, with their guns in the hollows of their arms, ready to be seized in a moment. I.lay watching thee and thee cruel oppressors for more than an hour mar velling in what way I could give thee help.’ “An hour!” cried Roland, “a friend lying by ■ me during that hour, the moBt wretched and distracted of my whole exis tence ? Had you hut cut the rope, and given me the knife to strike a blow lor myself !" “ Truly," said tho man of peace, “ I did so desire to do, seeing that then thee might have killed the Injuns theeself: which would have been more seemly, as being a thing thee conscience would not disapprove of; whereas mine, as thee may Bnppose, was quite averse to any such bloody doings ou my own part. Beaides, I feared, in case thee shoulddiscover there was help nigh at hand, thee might cry out in thee surprise, and so alarm thee sleep ing captivators. And so, friend, I was.iu what thee -may call a pucker, not knowing what to do; and so I lay hard by thee, with Peter et the baok of me, watching and revolv ing the matter for that whole hour, as I told thee; when suddenly down fell a stick into the fire, and, the same blazing up brightly, I saw two of the savages lying beside thee, their heads so close to gether tbee might have supposed they both grew from the same pair of shoulders, and so nigh to me withal, that, verily, I might hare poked them with the muzzle of my gun. I can’t tell thee how it then happened— whether it was a sort of nervousness in my fingers’ ends, or whether it was all an accident; hut, truly, as it happened, my gun went off in my hands, as it might be of its own accord, and, truly, it blew the two evil creatures' brains out ! And then, friend, thee sees, there was no stopping, there being the third of thee eaptivators to look after; and, truly, as I had done so much, I thought I might as well do all— the killing of three men being but a little worse than the killing of two ; and, be 1 sides, the creature would have hurt thee, as thee lay at his mercy. And so, friend, I did verily spring upon him, sinner that I am, and strike him a blow with my hatchet, which I had taken from my belt to be ready; whereupon he fled, and I after him, being in great fear lest, if he escaped, he should return upon thee and kill thee, before I could get back to cut thee loose. And so, friend, it happened that—that I killed him likewise ! —for whioh I don’t think thee can, in thee heart, blame me, seeing that it was all, over and over again, on thee aocount, and nobody’s else’s. Truly, friend', it is quite amazing, the ill things thee has brought me to!” “ Had there been twenty of the villains, and you had killed them all, I should have held it the noblest and most virtuous act you could have performed,” said Boland. 