SHAKESPEAR1E. (By AnRAIIAsN BARRETTr) This 23rd day of April, St. George's Day, is also the anniversary of the birth of the world's greatest dramatist, Wi liam Shakespeare, born 1564. Not only throughout tho empire on which the subi shines perpetual day, but throughout the whole civilised world the poet's birthday is held as much in memory and with a respect bordering on veneration as if he were the patron saint of all nation. alities. The study of Shakespeare is bound to promote the unity of the human race. The Germans are perhaps the most enthusiastic students of our poet. In the opening up or starting a new township, the first building they put up is not a public house as among English speaking people, but a printing press, and the first and most popular production is a copy of "Hamlet," a play which the hard-headed German takes more pleasure in studying than an Englishman takes in reading " a shilling shocker." It has been well said that with all grades of the English people in Shake peare's time the drama was an intense national passion. From the Sovereign to the humblest subject, even including the most intellectual and choicest spirits of the age, all gave their heansy support, and they regarded the drama as a powerful engine of public enlightenment and pro. gress. To this day the works of Shakespeare are unrivalled and take place, writes Bishop WYordsworth, as " the book of man." Shakespeare's plays, comedies, histories, and tragedies have exercised, and are still exercising, the most educative, refined, and beneficial influence upon the British nation in particular and the civilized world in general. The youth of our city, in order to invigorate their mental capacity and acquire the stamina and the nobility of true manhood and pure womanhood, should have Shakespeare prominently before them. " Here it is," says an eminent Doctor of Divinity, "that the moral element of the beautiful has its fullest and fairest expression. And I am bold to say that, next to the Christian religion, humanity has no otherso precious inheritance as Shakespeare's divine gallery of womankind. Helena, Portia of Belmont, Rosalind, Viola, Portia of Rome, Isabella, Ophelia, Cordelia, Miranda, Hermione, Perdita, Deademona, Imogen, Katherine of Aragon,-what a wealth and assemblage of moral beauty have we here ! All the other poetry and art of the world put together cannot show such a varied and surpassing treasure of womanly excel lence." It is a remarkable fact that all the hard and unjust reflections on the character of women in Shakespeare are put by him into the mouths of villains. Truly it is said, nothing sets so wide a mark between a vulgar and a noble soul as respect for and reverential love of womankind. Shakespeare is not to be blamed for the absurdities, follies, and obscenities put into the mouths of certain characters; for he is only true to nature, photographing as it were the inmost recesses of the human heart, which a high authority tells us "is deceitful above all things and desperately sick." Characteriestion, I think, is the great charm of Shakespeare. He does not paint men and women in their physical aspect, nor in the habiliments of purple and fine linen resplendent with diamonds. He shows the secret springs, the working of the heart, with its desires, dispositions, and motives. Those who think Shakespeare should have only represented characters of decorous speech and refined taste forget that he places before us men and women as they are, not as they should be. True to nature, he shows the tares and the wheat growing side by side. IP it not so in the moral world to this very day? Ab I is it not so also more or less in every individual child of Adam ? No one can be profited by Shakespeare unless he approaches the study in the spirit cf Shakespeare. While showing, as it were, the dark spots, he places in full prominence the sunshine of the highest and noblest natures. "Kindness nobler ever than revenge." " To lrine own self be true." " ien are but men; the best sometimes for. get." "Love thyelf last ; cherish thos, hearts that hate thee." "God's benison go with you, and with those That would make good of tad and friends of foes," " God sheall be my hope, My stay, my guide, and lantern to my leet." These are but a few of the treasures to be found in Shakespeare. While opening the deepest fountains of the heart, heat the same time kindles the highest energies of the head. If there is the fractional part of thinking in our youth, Shakespeare is the dramatist to bring it out. There are high possibilities in every one. As Coleridge says, " Many thoughts in minds of men lie bed-ridden there wants some thaumaturgic power to bid them come forth. Let the highest literature be a touchstone and a test. If there is any golden vein in the intellect; the study of Shakespeare will find it; if there is not, why then all that io to be done is just quietly ehut the matter up and nay nothing about it."| " There le an old and excellent rule," writes Dr. Gervinou, " that for self-culture a little of the good should be read, hut that little again and again. In no enoc will the application of this rule be no strictly re warded as in the caoo of Shakespeare, for he to ever now and he cannot satiate." Coleridge point out that Shcskespearo; never rendere that smiabla which reason ansi religion alike teach* us to detest, or clothes impurity in the gar~o of virtue. No other' dramatist,no othoer poet, baa given to the world anything that can he compared to thce maatorpieces of Shakos peare-"Hamlet." '-Othello," "Macbeth," and "King Lear." Competent judges agree that these four tragedies are the moat splen did exhibitions the world baa ever seen. As to the relative place of cads of the four tragedies criticsoare not agreed. "Macbeth," in the opinion of Campbell, is "the greatest treaaure of our dramatic literature." Drake osys, " ' Macboth' is theo most sublime and impreseive drama the world lass ever corn." Macbeth, even when king with all hie power, could nat recaps the law of retribution. ''Blood will have blood," The troubled conerirure of the murderer in hia ravisga at the ghost of Banquo is shown by Shakespeare so the dramatic pa's. jection of whast ie passing in Macbeth's mind. Truly the wicked are like the t~roublvd ova. In tbio tragedy Shakespeare hue well worked out the fundamental rule running throsirhout Ihis slramsa-" Man cannot escape Isis oson deed." " tie euro your sin wil1 fiod you out." " Othello" is regarded by Mecaaehy no "perhcape ther greatest work in the world." Singer says, "' Othello' exceeds all that has ever isoued from mortal pen." Bhishop Lowth writes, " Tn a single dramatic fable of our own Shaskeepoare, the passion of jealuouy, ito causeo, ineidents, sod effects, have teen more truly, more acutely, more copiousoly, and mere impc'eerively delineated than has been done by alt the dirrjuisitione of all thse philuoopheres who have treated on this dark ' argument.' " "King Lear," says Hazlitt, "is the beat of all Shakeepeare's playe." Shelley writes, "'King Lear' may be judged to be the moot perfect specimen of the dramatic art." " Hamlet " is popularly regarded as cm. equalled by any other dramastic work. Beory Irving and other eminent tragedieno give tise first place to " IMamlot." W~ere I as a humble student of Shsskeopeore callosi sp to give an opinion I shosald decide in favour of " Hamlet," and I think Ishouolsd find myself in company with thce majority of Shakeapearian etodents, whsoro mental craving demando something more estiofyiog than worthlese novels or the over-abundant literatare of the day. PIANcOsOaTEe, Organs, Brass end litriseed hastromeals. Time payment, or disnccnt fee sassh. WAeCHc Pe0eRoSe AND SeeceaLL 