THE, GHOST THAT WORKED. OST of you fellers have heard of ghosts," said the man behind the stove, "but very few of you have seen them. Now, I'll tell you a story of a ghost, an industrious ghost. I ain't the man what seen the man that saw the ghost, mind you. I saw it myself. The story ain't very romantic, but it's queer, an' I'll tell.it to you." And the man behind the stove re-lit his' pipe and started off. "In 1878 I was in the oil regions of Penn sylvania. I was speculating a little, and had done well, and I knew the country pretty thoroughly. I was on my way from Petrolia, in Butler County, to Fairview. In the party was Sam Shryock, two other experts, and myself. We were going to see a new 300-barrel well near Fairview that had just been struck by Green; the oil kin g. 'What wells is them? I asked as the road took a short cut through a w4y I had not been before,, and I 5lointed mydiand to three tall derricks of weather worn pine,with an engine puftiing steadily away beside each one of them. "These are the Bell Union, or Ghost wells," said Sam. " 'iAnd why the Ghost wells ?' "' Because a ghost runs them.' "I doubted Sam'sstatementat first. But the other two experts nodded their heads affirmatively, and then Sam told the story. "The Bell Union wells were among the first struck on the belt in the third sand. "This place then was a whooping silder ness. ' There was no communication with the outside world save by pony express, and although the Allegheny Valloy railroad ran but six miles away, the condition of the country and the thickness of the forest made these wells almost inaccessible. 'No woman lived nearer -than Parker, seven miles off, and the two young mpen from Erie who pumped the well: --Charlie Kay lor and Fred Hastings--had a hard and lonely lot of it. Of these two, Kaylor was a bright, intelligent. boy of friendly disposi tion, just 21. Hastings, on the contrary, was of a morose and selfish disposition, and, although these two men worked here by turns night and day for . months without seeing a human face other than, their owni, there was anything but friendship between the two. Kaylor had tried to make friends with Hastings tinie and again,only to be repulsed. So now the two men relieved each other, each did his share of the ivork and no more, and they never spoke ex'c'ept when necessary to give instructions. Hast ings worked the morning trick and Kaylor came on at night. "Things went on like this for some time, until one day Kaylor was seized with .a terrible attack of toothache. There was no dentist nearer than Parkeo;, and he suffered four sleepless nights and days in 'agony. At last., on the fifth day he started to walk to the dentist at Parker, seven rough mountain miles, as soon as his trickeor work turn was finished. He was back at ten that night, free from pain, for the cause was gone, but weary, worn out and foot-sore, and nearly dead, besides, for want of sleep. " 'Work for me to-night, Fred,' he' asked Hastings. 'You know what I've been through, and how dead tired I am.' "But Hastings refused. "' Only work for me four hours then, for the love of God.' "'Every man works his own trick on these wells," replied Hastings. " ' All right, then ; I.will run mine, living or dead,' and he lay down on a board, while Hastings took his coat and bucket and walked out of the engine-house. " At 2.30 the next morning their boiler went up, taking Kaylor's mangled body and most of the boiler room with it. The owners of the well, Satterfield and Taylor, of Titus ville, replaced the boiler and made the necessary repairs, and in two weeks the wells started up again, with Hastings running Kaylor's tric? from I a.m. until 1 p.m. "He ran the trick one turn anid then refused to work it longer. He gaveno explanation, but took back his owin tirn. The new man in Kaylor's place ran one irick, too, ai:d then refused to work it again. Upzs, investigation, the foreman learned th?i strange things happened on the moining tricks. W?ater guages were raised, pumps were turned off and on, the engine sntpped and started, and the oil cans were tSchen up by invisible hands and the engines- oiled-not only the one in" the boiler-house, but the other two, one hundred and fifty yards away dis rwell. "Charlie Kaylor, dead, was working his trick'! They sent to Erie for Kaylor's brother, 'and he is there yet,' said Sam, in conclusion. 'He sleps at night on his trick, and the ghost runs the Wells.' " Olcourse I laughed at the story, and Sam replied, soberly; 'I didn't believe it, either, but you seeit vourself as I did.' " Thai? night I dressed myself as a tramp, and .it nine o'clock presented myself at tlhe engine-house door. Hastings wason watch, andto my surprise, after Sam's description of him, he readily assented to my sleeping there. I noticed his black hair was mixed with gray, and the seemed worried and nervous. I suippose he was afraid of the ghost-, and was glad of company at ighbt, even if there were no manifestatiois during his turn. "Taking a board, I made myself a bunk, ostensbly to sleep, but really to w-atch. "Promptly at one o'clock Kaylor's brother came in. He said 'Good night' to Hastings, grumbled a little about turniig the boiler-room into a lodging-house, and then hlie lay down and went to sleep. "As the first duty of the pumper is to measure his tanks, examine and oil his engine and see all is right as soon as ihe goes on duty, I was somewhat surprised to see the alleged ghost's brother lie down and sleep at his poet. "I was more surprised and somewhat scared ten minutes later to see the link raise on the engine to the centre, the engine stop and the oil can raise off the bed plate, fill everyoi! cup with oil,and then go back to its place. Then the link a-as raised to reverse motion, and the engine started as usual. I pricked myself to see if I was awake, when the water gauges raised:and indicated one gauge scant. The pump valves turned on, and by their clinking I knew the pumps were feeding. Then the oil can came up again, and the record book disappeared from its shelf. S"The east door of the engine-h:ouse opened, and book and oil can passed out. Then by the main indicator in the boiler room I could tell the other wells and engines near them were attended to by the ghostly pumpman. In fifteen minutes the west door opened, and can and book went back to their places. I stepped up noiselessly to the shelf, and there was the record of the tinik for the night's work made out. I turned back in the book. It wvas the dead man's writing.- A shiver went through me, as at the other end of the engrine-house I heard the dead man still at.work, whilte his brother slept away beside the stove. Charlie Kaylor, dead, still worked his trick." THE PJTMAN AND THE EAR TRUMPET. A PrrrAs entered a public-house in New castle, where an old man was seated near the fire, and accosted him with the customary salutation of "Gude mornin'." The old man, however, paid no attention, and the pitman repeated his salute in a louder voice. This time his lungs had effect. The old man raised himself up, and, taking from a capacious pocket, a trumpet of peculiar con struction, put it to his ear. Our honest pit man stood amazed, but, after waiting with the most anxious expectation for some mnoments, he exclaimed, with a disappointed ai- mi t wtim ',ce. Tho; " play wi' thy lug.' 