A Lift For the Troupe. Tipcool's Aggregation of Attractions had decidedly come down — into the street, and the mob, very limited, .eyed with doubting gaze the desperate exertions of Mibo Kretan, the Strong Man. Nobody could say the ghost did not walk with Tipcool's, for the whole troupe seemed spectres. Gaunt, famished, with just a spark of hope, they would have done better in a freak musee as the dancing skeletons in a Fantoccini set Twice Milo had gone the round of the circle 'formed by the unaffected lookers on. He streamed with cold perspiration ; his long hair hung lank, as though ready for Dalilah to trim it, but he still put on the haughty, superbly proud manner of the Une qualled Weightlifter, as he paraded. On each little finger he dangled a 1001b iron ; such another hung as the locket to a dog chain round the muscular neck ; two others swung like side arms from his girdle, and the plate of mock Bilver, pur porting to be presented to ' The Goliath of Greece,' by ' Several Crowned Potentates,' on the belt, was heavy enough to crush a child in the crib. Nevertheless, though emancipated, his solid hips made light of the load. He walked, nay, strutted on elastic toes, as if the burdens were feathers, proud as a young brare flourish his first scalp. Meanwhile, the humble orchestra .of four, the . acrobats who had to be double handed, played the March of the Allies from Beethoven's ' Battle of Nations,' which was never scored for the foot bel lowphone, brass whistle and Indian drum, as now played. Alas ! in vain did these . execute pro digies of Trussing the note and cosaing in where the rests were written, and the Hercules gamBblled in the crushing har ness ; the public remained inexorable, as uxtmelting as the cutting breeze of that Fall day ; the pence did not come down — bat the evening shades did. Suddenly, to put the cap on the misery, the northerly wind rushed in a squall, black as' thick ice, and the spectators, already benumbed, and fearing hail or snow, recoiled as going to find corners in the warm cafes. ' Wh-a-a-at !' shrieked Tipcool, the little, weasel-faced fellow, who was the manager and clown and anything else on demand, in his desperation, as he actually grasped the coatskirts of a fugitive ; ' going already, when you ain't seen noth ing yet ? Ladies and gentlemen,' he con tinued, for there were an old applewoman and two little vagrant girlB sharing a tattered shawl in the auditory, while he turned pale with fear the last chance was fled, and his nose curled with, scorn at the want of appreciation. ' Ladies and gents — it is the duty of the public to stand out the gratuitous exhibition of the Talent I' Such was the eineerity of indignation and the effect of the word ' gratuitous ' on the vulgar ear that the waverere paused in the lull after the gust. ' When I say free, gratis, for nothing, that means if we do not give you the finest and «most liberal show ever put before the public. Come, fair play is- a a jewel, and must not be worn in the hog's snout. We are not taxing ourselves here, we that have always played in the firBt 'theatres, look you ! for our amusement, but for yours, and our gain. We might live on air, but 'the ladies and the children can not ? ' He was alluding to his wife and daugh ters, whose resemblance to papa was emphasized by each having a red and pinched nose. v Madame rode the Wild Horse of Tartary, when this pony was free from epizooty, and the girls did ' the low wire' when their legs were plumper — they would ' oaly be an exhibition ' said mamma, at present ; and also the quiet and pretty girl, with a patient mien, whose eyes, though sad -with distress, lighted up charmingly when they met theee. of the Samson ; they ought to, for they loved — they were husband and wife. Yes, this meek little thing, who would not have crushed a midget, had enthralled the Colossus of the Himalayas, alias Milo Kretan. She had made a runaway match of it, and she would hav;S regretted her course, only it was onewf love, and, so Baying, we say all. Felicie could do nothing j she was not one of the attractions, and they simply detached her to take the cap around. Often, however, her dove-like eyes, pretty curtsey, and sweet voice extracted coin ?which strength, skill, and jest did not move magnetically from the pocket. ' Hark ye, we have? come down to hard rock, understand me. We are right on the pavement. Yes, we cannot go back to the modest hotel where our even more modest traps and sticks are locked up, unless we carry the substantial tokens of your ap plauee. Yes, we have fooled long enough. If I weary_ you with my practical talk more than I did with my nonsense, so much the worse for youl For you, many ean^cufc capers and pull long faces, who cannot give -the joy to their fellows which arises in performing the feat known as treating your neigUcor as yourself.' 1 A sour- faced, youth, with a book of *« The Short Way to Write a Sermon ' under his thin arm, turned to a bystander, and, in a pig's whisper, asked : ' Is this a temperance lecturer, or a Sal vation Army meeting ? ' 'Listen to me,' rose the voice of tbo clown, turned pleader as he saw that his company was at the last gasp. « Hungry j belly has no more ears than eyes, my . friends, and mine turns down such tom foolery as my jokes and my comrades' flip flaps. It wants to speak, and by Jupiter it is. the genuine ventriloquist after alL It is said that we axe a generous people ! In that ease prove it, and right away, or hold your pieces ever more 1 Ha, ha !' The spellbound hearers quivered at this hard, dry laugh. -'Yes, prove it, or I declare — I, Tipcool, son of the Unparalleled Sectario, the only Armless Wonder who could write the name of .anyone in the company in the 77 languages and jargons of the* inhabited -earth, and of the Champion Lady tjiinswailower, who -would allow a cartridge to be fixed in the gun barrel inserted in her airy. sophaguBS —I, the renowned Tipcool, will embark ?with my troupe for the Antipodes — for -which we nave startling offers. There will I shout out on the house tops, the -omnibus tops, the feee tops, the .boys' humming topB — that this country is no .good— -meaner and stingier than the rest of e'ZZgenerous and unliberal communities combined. Egotistical, aristocratic, exclusive, money grubbing, etsettery! To avoid this universal deraownciation, no backing out^ down with the dust !' Some hands were feeling in the pockets — maybe cold, maybe this eloquence. . . ' Ah, you may well look at those shiver ing youths, the best acrobats I ever pre sented to a cold and obtuse audience, and on this nonpareil of an athlete — my strong Man — the glory of our Tac». . Napoleou the Gr-r-r-eat would have made him a drum major, Frederick the Great his mar shal of the palace. And you ? ' He made a gesture of supreme disap pointment. ' A man like that — look at him from all sides, and see that he is without a flaw — him reduced to singing, * I want a drop of good wine, I do !' A man like that not to be nourished like a fighting cock. Ugh I That is what has drove me wild, and made me beg for bread. Only look at what we have already given for the loaf ; are you never content and satisfied ? Come, come, a little gou — a copper, a nob — it won't be felt by you, but we shall fesl good for it. Let it never be said that the brave do not deserve the 'fare.' A little cap lining, while the young lady goes round.' It was too cold to draw the hand from the pocket; they deserved to be thanked for staying in the street, listening to this dull jester who had turned to preach ing. , He held out his hand, and the pale, wistful-eyed girl held out the. velvet cap^ with the tarnished, gold tasseL Not a, coin f elL The disconsolate manager looked ct his company, but all avoided his glance. All but Milo, who suddenly seized the stick from the chilled hand of the Indiau drummer, and let fly a blow on that hap less tomtom, which tested the sheepskin to its utmost degree of endurance. This bang resounded over the street, and drew the attention of & gentleman, just leaving; the Gloria Cafe. He was clad well, his overcoat was sumptuously trim med with fur, and the ample beaver cuffs would have made a cape for the modern lady of high and attenuated shoulders. He was also warm with a glass of brandy, and he cams over to the group, as it was not out of Ms path. The concussion seemed to have .made the hands leap out of the obdurate pouches, for several coins, a bit of silver among the'm, were dexterously caught in Mrs.' Milo' s cap. ' Hoop-la, Milo 1' exclaimed the mana ger, reflecting a flash from the silver piece in his -wan eye, ' I rayther think that another turn will knock 'em. The ' female partner of thy woes' awaits soxne'at for supper and dinner in one, and the rest of us would like to look on at the Beauty of the Show enjoying e hearty meal. Ladies and gents, ahoy ! open the ogle 1 this time you are going to see what the eye of a man never beheld — the Emperor of the Herculeses — here he is. Regard the atti tude.' Emboldened by the addition of the ' Russian Prince,' as he called the fur clad gentleman in his mind, the manager no longer supplicated, but ordered. ' There you are, the only man living that can lift a barrel of lime weighing 150 kilogs, as verified by the seal of the magis trates. I can show you the certificates in my trunks at the hotel.' He shuddered — the landlord would not allow that verification 1 To hide his confusion, he lifted a weight in both hands, with the exaggerated ap pearance of its being too much for him, required in a Btrong man's assistant, and, as he handed it to the other, he said — ' Attention, old fellow — this is a big bug of the town. Play up, Nosey ! Swing 'em lively, and paralyse the bourgeous !' Milo looked at his wife, and gave a faint smile as she absently jingled the few coins in the cap. Forcing a amile on his blue, haggard and rigid features, Milo took a weight by its' ring, lowered his bull head, rounded out his loins, and swung the iron so rapidly round his head, that the image retained by the retina made the illusion of a circle of metal. Conscienti ously he performed the feat, spite of the icy air penetrating so easily the worn tunic, spite of the glacial perspiration which seemed to . engrave his skin, spite of the freezing mud which soaked up through his thin buskins. ' Hang this Russian Prince of TipcooFs — I am doing this to get grub and bub for my dear Falicie.-' ' What do you say to^this, ladies and gents P I thought this would call up the ready I' said Tipcool, chuckling. .And he joyously invigorated the orches tra, which attacked a Hungarian gypsy dance with raTe vivacity in benumbed fingers and stiffened lips, trying to sing ' a hep, hep I to rouse themselves as much as the athlete. Milo saw that his wife's lips wore the old bitter and' hopeless smile. What, did she think, too, that he was played out ; that, after having failed to enliven these boors and clods, he could not thrill a well to do cit.', .who, no doubt, had seen per ^ormere, better clothed, anyhow, do more thaft this. ? ' Can they do -this?' he muttered, as he squatted down like the Oriental jugglers, placed a weight on each shoulder, and, catching up two others; began to' do the | uneven catch trick, with a pellet of paper 'in contradistinction to the dumps. He juggled magnificiehtly with the iron and the paper j failing not once to catch and to toss just right. His smile was defiant now — bring up the man in all the county who could match Mm I - A bricklayer grunted, who knew what a weight on the shoulder was — ',, 'I tell you, that is something like a trick !?».. :..... Flushed ied by this .praise from a good judge, Milo gradually rose to his full height, without ceasing to hurl the weights and the pellet. His breathing Was hard, but he kept it gradual-; his muscles palpi tated, but they obeyed. His somewhat sunken eyes glowed in the twilight, which deepened without the enrapt beholders noticing it; the veins about the neGk seemed serpents writhing and wreetliug. Ah, he was a big -man, itow! he was worth contemplating. ' , Suddenly, he stopped, let the weights fall to the' ground and splash-gin the mud, while, thrurting tia .soatlet t*ott-£otwta&tt; he caught the paper ball in Ms white teeth. A score of pennies «linkod in the cap, and another lot scattered on the stones around his feet. ' We have nailed 'em,' chuckled Tip cool, clapping him on the back. ' Tripe and pigs' kidney for supper, by jove ! Look at the haul! — my eye, Milo, look at the blessed takings ! give another turn to the screw. I believe I see that furry nabob melting — he will pony up gold or shame to him.' . He wagged his clown's wig with its puffs of dyed 'wool, and, pursing up his mouth drolly, he imitated the key bugle in a series of jolly tarartaras ! At this shrill invocation, backed by* the noise of the band, Milo seemed to be revived. He stooped to the cubes of iron and tossed four about like peas out of a shooter. ' Mind our heads 1' screamed the, frigh tened crowd. He did not hear, or rather he did not heed — he wanted to startle these dullards who had no compassion. This time his feats had lost method, and were the freaks of a man inspired. It seemed to him that in him was suddenly concentrated the spirits of all the strong men of whom his wife had read to him. His education was due to her alone. He had no time for books while keeping up his muscle. Like the soldier before the cannon mouth — like the orator in the tribune, tfce popu lar leader on the rampart — this hero of the street mountebanks improvised. ' You never saw such a show,' stam mered Tipcool, fearing that his star had become erratic. He should say : ' You never will se.e the like again I' The mob had swelled by passers stop ping, turning, and becoming transfixed on the spot. The gentleman in the furs could not withdraw, had he desired, for he was hemmed in. The applause was deafening — besides, it warmed hands to clap them. Men and women alike fished up their loose coin, and seemed to vie in a race to fill the cap. It was likely to bust at the seams, and add to the money-strewn pave on wMcli Milo was triumphantly act ing, a 'Bravo, Milo! well done, you burster!' *? Burster, indeed !-' yelled Manager Tip cool, in the very ear of the imperturbable Russian prince, whose calmness drove him frantic. ' I bet that pile that he can lift 20001b with the proper strap, and 10001b just as he is — nateraL' ' I take the bet,' replied the gentleman, quickly. ' Only,' he added, as he drew out a Teiy satisfactory looking wallet of Russian leather, and showed the edges of crisp Bank of France notes, fresh from the cashier, 'no tricks1 with an old traveller. The weights must total up a clean, thousand, and the lift must be clean, so one can run a hand under.' Tipcool's lower jaw dropped. Nobody knew better than he, who nad bought the outfit of a shipwrecked brother of the street circus, that they were,- 'to say the least, worn &*little under their -asserted heavi ness. The rest of the company looked as glum. Tired with his exertiens, Milo and Mb wife exchanged a glance of vexation — to be split on a rock like this. Luckily, a bright idea struck the manager. The weights of the average tradesman are not distinguished for accuracy, or else he is shockingly maligned, ' It's a go,' he promptly said. ' Come on, there is the grocer's ? '' ' Humph J' said the stranger, who ap peared one of the exact kind. *? I prefer M. Jules Sombrel, sworn Inspector of Weights and Measures to the Commune — his office, I noticed, is just round the corner. It is out of business hours, but I will stand 'hit' expenses.' ' It is fair, it ' is just,*' cried the mob, recovered from the spell of the feat, and cruel, like all mobs, while eager to see the new exploit. ' Well,' said he, ' what of this test ? We'll make all the delay we can, so you shall be rested. We have taken 53f, and, though I go without a square meal for a week — to which I am getting accustomed —I will still bet that you can lift 10001b.' ' 1 could if ? ' ' Yes, he could, if— ? ' repeated his wife ; then recovering her senses, thrown .into the cold by the name of the judge in the test, she said — ' Do you know who M. Sombrel is ? No, you do not. Well, he is the old hunks who was my guardian when I made the love match with my darling .Milo. He is extremely likely to let your old, rusty, scant -weights pass, ain't he ? — especially as he hates me like poison for demanding an account of the stewardship. I shall call him robber — he will insult Milo as a mountebank, and Milo will have to let him have a smack in the foul mouth. Now, you know what a smack Irona Milo is — the blow of %, steam hammer 1 Why did you make the bet, you poor old man ?' And she sobbed, wiping her eyes with the tassel of the money 'bag, from which the coins had been taken to count them. ' To the Inspector's,' roared the mob, to which half the town seemed to be added, - since the bruit of , the wager was circulated with- the marvellous- celerity of news in -a .provincial town. There was no course but to submit. *TipcooFs Aggregation would never dare come to this partag*in4f they shrank Jasom the ordeal. * . . 'I'll do it or die,' said. Milo, abruptly. ?'I will show that mean thief that I can support 500 Mlos, if I cannot, as he- said, support a wife.' It was quite a triumphal , march, yfche troupe escotted hy the multitude. The? official must have been already warned, for he was at his door under the light of the: street lamp j he was smooth in the gills,, over which a high stand up collar came,, emblem of respectability. * His little eyes lighted up with, glee,* which Tipeool, having the explanation of the relations of this official and his Strong Man'B wife, considered infernal. He had recognised his ex-ward and theman who ? had lured her, from his web of gold thread. He knew Mb errand}Jand-lie hadno ob jections.- ? ' . ** The old sharfci' grumbled tte manager; ' Hfe is Only tbo glad to catch us on the hip* Ob j that erer I did not have the tipj and get a set of weights made exact to palm oft L ©n'MmVJT' . Meanwhile , Milo had prepared himself. They brought a platform with chains ?from ^he butcher's, on which, he weighed OfcWefc and sheep. On this the weights of the acrobats were tumbled to the amount, ostensibly- demanded. -Milo put bis hand to the ring and took at the top, drew tight with contempt-^-and the chains snapped like a burnt thread { ' Good,' said Tipcool! 'I see you want to gain time for a breather. I say, Milo, can it be possible that the old fiend gave me a sly wink ?' ' No, he is a fraud ! hard as nails. I guess we have 8001b actual on the scale — I can lift it, rely on that — but if he -weighs them — oh, Lor!' . The chains were mended by an oxchain out of the smith's, and this time Milo lifted the board with its burden. He held it, serenly, while the man in furs passed Ms hand under it. * ' Ugh,' sighed the wife, spitefully, u I should let it drop on your f at,beringed paw, you old wrecker of our peace and despoiler of theputy — you will take away our hard earned money— for my uncle is going to ruin us, I know.' Tremulous, the crowd awaited the ver dict with as much emotion almost as the acrobatic company. The weights were carried into the office, where the deputa tion of citizens supervised the test; Then, the first returned into the door way. ' Correct ?' he said, with a kind of mis giving. 'Correct, quite!' added' M. Sombrel, rubbing his hands, as he also stood in the doorway. His word was gospel. The crowd rent the air with a 'eheer, while Milo and his wife glanced at each other in stupefaction. The stranger still held his wallet in his hand. He picked out a hundred franc note from the roll, which made all mouths water. ' It is yours,' he said to 'TipcooL ' But I only had 60 wagered,' faltered the latter. .' That is S9, but I meant to put in 50. for the delight tMs prodigious exhibition of prowess and robust vigor gave me. Me, gentlemen,' he went on, raising his voice, *-' Anatole Franck, of Frank Brothers, managers of the Cirque Franck Boule vard Menilmontent, at Paris, who declares on my honor, that I have never 6een the beat of this feat. Yes, I engage M. Milo on his own terms ! And I pray him, his companions and their manner to enter with me the Cafe of the National Resist ance, for a regale, wMle I arrange the con tract.' Tears of gratitude flowed in the acrdbat's eyes — a regale — a supper ! It Vas a merry one, for were they not comrades together P ' Towards the end of the feast, when the wine and light dainties had succeeded the meats, with which some splendid juggling with knife and fork had been done, a waiter crept up to M. Franck, and timidly named M. Sombrel as wanting to join, as the uncle and guardian of Madame Milo. ' Let's have him in and massacree him,' suggested Tipcool, who was a terror in his cups, ' No, no,' cried the gentleman in ques tion, rushing up to the head of the table and seizing his niece's hand. ' I own to ' it that she made a splendid match. What will become of France unless her fair daughters are allied with strength and manliness ? M. Milo, I beg to drink your health. And if you and our dear Felicie will come round to my office to-morrow, I will regulate the accounts. Ah, you shall go to Paris in fine form, on my word as a .Sombrel.' The old fellow thawed when the wine was in. . He sang so comically a song, ' Who Can Forgive Like an Uncle*** that Tipcool would have engaged him 'as a funnier clown than himself. At the end of the song Manager Franck pulled his ear round to him, and whispered — ' I say, you cunning one, how did you work that dodge ? I watched you weigh the athlete's weights, and you checked them off by your own exactly.' ?* Monsieur,' whispered the official, with a wink of which no words could express the depth, ' I tested them*by the weights I have seized as short from our trades men.' Milo is the talk of Paris, and Madame Milo has no ' need to take the cap round.' Milo had lifted the troupe into prosperity I — New York Cleppeh. 