©rMnatimt (Srnnon. PBEAOHED AT ST. PAUL'S CATHEDEAL, MELBOUENE, ON ST. THOMAS' DAY, 1891. ??-.?'? By Eev. Canon Chase, M.A. I Tim; iv. 16.—' Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine ; for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.' Our Lord Christ taught by word, and by example. To the ears of man He gave His word ; to their eyes His example. Of the men of that generation He said — ' If I had not come and spoken unto them theyhadnothadsin; if Ihadnotdone among them theworftswhiohnone other man did, they had not had sin.' To the Apostles Jesus said — II Many prophets and kings have desired to see those things which ye see and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear and have not heard them.' The Apostles saw the Saviour's manner of life, they heard his discourses ; and when the Apostle whom Jesus loved had both seen and heard he confessed with joy 'the life was manifested, and we have seen it, and show unto you that eternal life which was with the Father, and was manifested unto us ; that whioh we have seen and heard declare we unto you, that ye also may have fellowship with us, and truly our fellowship is with the Father and with His Son, Jesus Christ.' The Church knows no other way of ministers saving souls than by word and example. ' Take heed that the persons ye present unto us be apt and meet for their learning and godly conversation to exercise their ministry duly.' Our continual intercession goeth up to Almighty God ' that it may please Him to illuminate all bishops, priests, and deacons with true knowledge and understanding of His Word ; and that, both by their preaching and living, they may set it forth, and show it accordingly.' St. Paul, referring to his preaching, said — ' I have not shunned to declare unto you all tiie counsel of God; I have taught you publicly and from house to house.' Eeferring to his example, he said — ' Brethren, be followers together of me, and mark them which so walk, as ye have us for an example.' To save souls the Apostles employed preaching and living after their Master's example, and ministers must do the same. 'Take heed to thyself and unto the doctrine; for in doing thiB thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee.' How good \- the Chief Shepherd is to provide for His flock good pastors. Such a pastor laboured in the Church at Thessalonica. ' We were gentle among you, even as when a nursing mother cherisheth her own children; for ye remember, brethren, our labour and travail; for labouring night and day, because we would not be ohargeable to any of you, we preached unto you the Gospel of God. Ye are witnesses, and God also, how holily, and justly, and unblam ably we behaved ourselves among you that believe. As ye know how we exhorted, and comforted; and charged every one of you as a father doth his children, that ye would walk worthy of God who has called you unto His Kingdom and Glory.' This is the man of God who gave to Timothy the command, ' Take heed to thyself , and to the dbotrine.' This man of God exemplified his doctrine by his life. He watched^ he warned, he exhorted, he comforted, lest by some means Satan should seduce and destroy the flock. He saved himself, for he kept under his body, and he saved others by word and good example! As long as the Chief Shepherd was in the world, He Himself kept the flock in God's name; and, after His ascension, He gave ministers 'for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ.' Christ in His own ministry lost none; and the work of the minister now is to labour both by word and example to save himself, and them that hear him. The aged minister sympathises with' those who are just entering on a glorious ministry with high expectations. The aged minister prays that his younger brethren may realise more than they expect ; yea, he oould even wish, out of a contrite heart, that it might be possible for him to begin with them his own course anew. In such a oase he would aim at a wiser and. better ministry. : I. First, then, let me counsel you to esteem your people highly. Go into the midst of your charge with lowliness of mind. Be some what awed by the value of the charge committed to you. You are not going to be set over the whole world, or the whole Churoh. You have neither largeness of heart nor ability for such a service. You are going to be entrusted, as David was, in early manhood, with a few of your Father's sheep in the wilderness. The particular flook of Christ which you must serve will be shortly pointed out to you. From the moment it is yours, regard that flock as a treasure. It is not you that make the flock a treasure. It is your Master who did that. Think the same in your heart which He thinks in HiB heart. The men, women, and babes baptised into Christ are Christ's sheep, for whom He shed His blood. He is jealous over them as a man over his spouse. He bares for them as a man cares for his own flesh. It will help you to do careful work, to regard your people as preoious in Christ's Bight. n. But, further, let me oounsel you to keep before you the preoise work given you to do. Christ is everything to your people, and your people are to be brought to likeness to Christ. The perfeot humanity of the Master is the possession of all believers. He took man's nature, died for men, and rose again. By so doing He hath reconciled us to God, and He preaches peace with God to us by the blood of His oross. But this is not all; He has, by His death, removed our filthy garments and hath put upon us His righteousness.' In other words— we have 'put off the old man;' we have 'put on the new man.' It might seem an impossibility to get your people like unto the Son of God in character and conduct ; but this is your appointed work, and for this cause the Son of God came forth from the Father. The Father appointed Him to bring many sons unto glory. Christ will not be disappointed of His hope — 'All that the Father giveth Me shall come to Me.' The benefit of coming to Christ is not only pardon, but life and godly living. ' They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.' 'I pray not' that Thou shbuldst take them out of the world, but that Thou shouldst keep them from the evil.' O man of God, take heed, and live in Christ thyself; arid take heed and labour that all the people may live in Christ also. The death of Christ is expressly for the purpose of giving union with Himself, and life through His name. The union between the sinner and the Saviour is by means of the Lamb of God slain. Christ put off His humanity. We are buried with Him by baptism into death. Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink His blood, ye have no life in you. The point of contact is the cross. There we are crucified with Him, and we descend with Him to the grave. Our old man must to death — only by death are we free from sin; our old man crucified with Him that the body of sin might be destroyed. But union takes place with Christ as a victim slain ; and it is a perfect union, and carries with it all things that come after His death, for we are risen with Him, and sit with Him in heavenly places. No more must our mortal bodies be yielded as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin, but as instruments of righteousnefiB unto God. This therefore is the ministerial work— to see that the people of God live in Christ, and walk in Him, and fulfil not the lusts of the flesh. Keep ever before you, 0 ministers of Christ, this great work. The people must live in Christ. If they do not so, the minister must travail in birth till Christ be formed in them. III. But another word. Go in and out amongst your people as one having boundless resources entrusted to you for their profit. What makes preaching a weariness is the lack of something edifying. What makes visiting distasteful is barrenness in the errand. Con sider how preaching and visiting may become your soul's eager employment. When Solomon came to David's throne he appreciated his position, desired to do his duty, felt like an insufficient child, and petitioned God for what he wanted. 'God said unto Solomon, Ask what I shall give thee,' and God was pleased that he asked wisdom to do his duty; God gave him what he asked, and other things beside. Such is the story written for our learning. Be sure you profit by it. Imitate Solomon to your endleBS gain. Appreciate your position. Your position is one of dignity and difficulty. You are put in charge of God's household, God's flock; to you belong the duties of shepherd, steward, watchman, messenger. Appreciate your honourable office, one of life and death in its issues ; you have to instruct, to comfort, to enrich, to perfect, to save souls. Solomon felt awed by his position ; he longed to occupy it rightly. He felt his insufficiency as a child, and he told the Lord that he knew not how to go out, and come in, or how to judge the people. Follow Solomon closely in all this ; feel that neither you nor any man living could do the work assigned you with only human learning, weapons of human forging, attractions of man's devising. In your deep necessity, east your burden upon the Lord, pour out your prayer for the Divine presence, the Holy Unction, the under standing heart, the energy, the light, the love which cometh of union with the Lord. The cares of empire came not on Solomon of his own mind — he was chosen of God to them ; callep to rule over others ; placed by the Divine hand in his seat. And so it is with you : you are chosen of God, called of God, sent forth by the Holy Ghost, and by Divine providence placed in your special post ; now, therefore, you may, and ought to call upon the name of the Lord, and expect Divine help. Alacrity in God's service comes of grace sufficient for you. Alacrity cornea of boundleBS resources in Christ Jesus. The widow with alacrity poured out of her little pot of oil till every empty vessel in the house became full. Twelve ministers of Christ eagerly distributed of five loaves and two fishes, till the whole expectant multitude had eaten and were full. . Go with alacrity to your people ; go out and in amongst them as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things. The man of God ought never to be at a loss to bless. In the Scriptures he has cisterns overflowing with living water. Christ poureth out through the Scriptures all the counsel of God. In the Sacred Oracles the man of God has a complete instrument for his work. He can feed the hungry, heal the diseased, strengthen the weak, stimulate the slothful, guide the perplexed, enlighten the ignorant, reprove the erring — in a word, give to every man what he wants for pardon, for righteousness, for joy. Christ received the Word of the Father; Christ gave the Word to the Apostles — ?' I have given them the words which Thou gavest Me' — the Apostles gave the Word to others ; and these, again, to those who came after. ' The things which thou hast heard of me,' said Saint Paul to Timothy, ' the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.' The word committed to ministers, when traced to its source, is found to proceed out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb. It is a river of life clear as crystal, and flows 'into every good minister, and forth from every good minister to those who hear him. Go, then, to your people with alacrity. Let the Word of God come to all Israel. Let it be said by the souls that hear you, ' How I know that thou art a man of God, and that the Word of the Lord in thy mouth is truth.' IV. But further. Not only speak in the ears of men the words of God, but speak in the ears of the Lord with all prayer and suppli oation. It was the determination of the twelve to give themselves continually to prayer. Ask your people's prayers, saying, 'Brethren pray for us'— and whether present with them or absent from them, pray and give thanks for them, and emulate the example of a minister of the Church at Colosse. ' Epaphras, who is one of you, a servant of Christ, salutes you, always labouring fervently for you in prayer, that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God.' Epaphras knew the design of the Christian Ministry — a perfect and complete conformity to the will of God— and he not only laboured for this in preaching, but continually laboured in intercession also. Let us do the like. Men should hear us for God's sake and God will hear us for Christ's sake. V. I have another word of counsel. Meet difficulties without dismay. Expect a host of them. Difficulties are not peculiar to ministers, but it belongs to the minister to teach others how to over come them. The Christian life is always one of self-denial. The exchange of a life after the manner of the first Adam, for a life after the manner of the second Adam, costs every sacrifice man can make. Christ turned to the multitudes that followed Him and said, ' Who soever doth not bear his cross, and come after Me, cannot be My disciple.' He then explained the matter. ' Which of you,' He said, ' going to build a tower, sitteth not down first?' He consults. He does not begin if he have not sufficient to finish. Again, 'What king going to make war against another king sitteth not down first ?' He consults. . He will not go out to war unless he sees his way to victory. Weigh well, brethren, your Lord's words. You are going forth to build up the Church of Christ. That »is your proper work ; have you sufficient resources to complete your work? I say, Have you sufficient resources to complete your work? Answer: 'lean do it, if I am emptied of self and filled with Christ. My sufficiency comes of union with Him.' Yes, that is most true. And I ask again, Haye you reckoned of another matter? When building for Christ, which is your proper work, have you reckoned on hatred from Christ's enemies? Never yet did Satan and his armies leave unmolested the worker for God. You must build with one hand, hold the sword with the other. You seem weak, and your enemies are many in number; can you defeat them ? Can you defeat them? Answer: 'If I abandon all that is carnal for Christ's sake, if I put on the armour of God, if I fight with weapons not carnal but mighty through God: — yes! yes! I shall prevail.' Show your people the way to overcome. Have recourse yourself to the Blood, have recourse to the Word. The Blood removes what is ours; the Word imparts what is Divine. The Blood sets us free from the old nature, the Word imparts the new nature. Fellowship in Christ's death is followed by fellowship in His resurrection; but on our rising to newness of life, forthwith there arise up against us the devil and all his hosts. This terrible conflict ends in victory to the children of God. ' ' They overcame him by the Blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony, and they loved not their lives unto the death.'. Ye ministers of God, account not your lives dear unto you, so that you may show the people how to overcome the wicked one, so that you may save both yourselves and those that hear you. VI. Though I fear of trespassing beyond customary limits I must utter one word more. Beware of those things which have ruined other ministers. Some of the elders of Ephesus were ruined by the desire to draw away disciples after them. If you seek to please men you will no more be the servant of Christ. Again, love of ease is fatal. Let your loins be girded about. Endure hardiness. Again, Love of worldly business is ensnaring. ' No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life that he may please Him who hath chosen him to be a soldier.' Furthermore, love of money is a deadly sin. 'I have coveted,' \ said St. Paul, ' no man's silver, or gold, or apparel.' 1 Beware, lastly, of temptations to false doctrine. . The temptation lies I in this. The ungodly are well pleased with the doctrines of men. If I you have a wish to draw away disciples after you, then speak perverse things, and you will gain your purpose. The world knows what it likes ; it likes what savours of men. When ungodly men are ministers, they are of the world; therefore speak they of the world, and the world heareth them. Christ said to His true ministers, ' If ye were of the world, the world would love his own ; but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen ye out of the world, therefore the world hateth you.' The world thought highly of Scribes and Pharisees. These were the men who loved long robes, humble salutations, chief i seats, and taught for doctrines the commandments of men. Men, [ for the most part, see not invisible treasures, but at once they can j appreciate dress, and postures, and ceremony, and colours, and music, and incense, and banners, and processions, and service's, and any number of religious rites. Beware of things highly esteemed amongst men. The temptation is great to get-a good following without men dying unto sin, or rising again unto righteousness. Christ, your A Master, would have no such following. He preferred the little flock which the Father gave Him to the whole world, gained by worldly - attractions. . . y Never let your minds be absorbed in shadows and emblems. Two signs are appointed of God Himself ; but warn men of their barren ness unless interpreted by the Word of God. God's promises make the Sacraments the soul's delight. I believe God that it .will be even as He hath told me. If I believe not His promises the Sacraments j are naught; they are signs of His grace and good- will towards me. By the Word of God they are elevated to the dignity of sure witnesses that the promises have been fulfilled. We are received into Christ and preserved in union with Him. Seek, my beloved brethren, to be faithful and wise ministers. Whether we be wise or unwise, the Master will come to take account of His servants. Man's judgment will avail us nothing. The ! minister who has been unfaithful hears the withering words, ' Thou I wicked servant.' I Let us have a wholesome fear of the error of the wicked, and of - rl his reward. A minister of another sort hears another word. By the grace of his Lord he has lived not unto himself, but unto Him that died for him and rose again. He remembered that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised again, and by the help of his risen Saviour he saved himself and those that heard him ; and, oh, the ecstasy which is given him — ' Well done, thou good and faithful servant; enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' - 