Itttera&iral; ]&mini; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30. Acts xL 19-30. The Gospel Preached at Antioch. Golden Text (Acts xi. 21). — '-A great num ber believed, and turned unto the Lord. DISPERSED PREACHERS. We have already seen that one effect of the great persecution, which- was carried on in Jerusalem at the time of the death of Stephen, was the dispersion of the disciples to distant places. The dispersed disciples used the oppor tunity thus afforded them of preaching Christ. It had not as vet entered their minds that the privileges of the gospel were open to the Gentiles. Some of thes& scattered Christians, however, were ' men of Cyprus and Cyrene,' men who had seen a good deal of the world and of human life. When these enlightened and broad-minded Jews, just converted to the truths of Christianity, found themselves in Antioch surrounded by Greeks, they felt that it would indeed be a disgrace to allow the poor, ignorant, and sinning Gentiles around them to live on in their sins without telling them of the Saviour. They therefore ' spake unto the Greeks ' (R.V.), that is, to Che Gentiles. ' preaching the Lord Jesus.' No doubt to many hearers the facts of the incarnation and resurrection, and the doctrine of forgiveness through the atonement of Christ's' death, ap- ? peared ' foolishness.' But ' the hand of the Lord ' was with 'the preachers^ that is, the power of God was manifested in connection with their preaching. ' A great number believed, and turned unto the Lord.' A SON OF CONSOLATION. News of this great awakening reached Jerusalem, and no doubt created in some hearts a degree of alarm, and in others much satisfaction. Some of the more timid would be perturbed by the action of these innovating men of Cyprus and Cyrene; others, possessing more fore sight, would see in it the beginning of a inovement for the salvation of the world. They decided,' however, to send Barna bas to Antioch, perhaps to see that all went well, perhaps to give assistance, or more probably for both purposes. From what we know of his character, we judge that they could not have sent a better man. He was ' a son of consolation,' as the name Barnabas signifies,' or a ' son of exhortation.' He was ' good.' 'full of the Holy Ghost,' and was 'a man of faith. Under the care of Bar nabas the work appears to have grown and prospered. He felt that he needed a helper. He thought of the enthusiasm tic man who had been so relentless a persecutor, but was now a follower of Christ, Saul. 'Then departed Barna bas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul.' A very interesting piece of informa tion was given in verse 26, ' the disciples were called Christians first at Antioch.' The accession of Gentiles rendered a name necessary, for Gentiles could not be called Jews. At the same time the name does not appear to have been given to themselves by the Christians. They always called themselves ' brethren,' or ' saints,' or ' those of the way.' The unconverted Jews did not give the name of Christian to them, for they denied that Jesus was the Christ, and to call His followers Christians would be an acknowledgment of the Messiah ship of Jesus. It would seem probable that the name was given by the outside ?Gentile world. However that may be, the name was accepted by the disciples, and since that day it has been their glory to be called Christians. A CHARITABLE CHURCH. We know nothing with certainty of the ' prophets ' mentioned in verse 27. One of them, Agabus by name, who is also mentioned in chapter xxi. 10, did not foretell pleasant things. There was to be a great dearth ' throughout all the world,' an expression used for the Roman empire. The emperor Claudius reigned from 41 to 54 a.d., and in his reign several famines took place. ' J osephus speaks ?of one as specially affecting Judea and Syria, a.d. 45. The population of Jeru salem were reduced to great distress, and were chiefly relieved by the bounty of Helena, Queen of Adiabene, who sent in large supplies of corn, figs and other articles of food.' — Plumptre. The Christians were not behindhand in sending relief. They gave, and each man gave according to his ability. The ?collection was committed to the care of Barnabas and Saul. Barnabas, as we have seen, had deep sympathy, and the taking relief would be a great joy to this son of consolation. Saul had been regarded with suspicion in Jerusalem, but his bringing relief would soon scatter any remaining feeling of that kind. 