NEW BOOKS. Nada the Lily.— By H. Rider Haggard. i London, Macniillan and Co.; Sydney, Sdwarde, Dunlopand Co.) It is scarcely possible to bolieve that this blood curdling romance is the work of tho author of "She." Tho book is merely a ohronicle of bloodshed commenced by the Zulu chief Chaka, and continued by his son Umslonouaas. As for the heroine, Nada the Lily, she is a mere nonentity. Not ono gleam of brightness in tho story, and we cannot do better than quote from tbe just oritioism of tho Pall Mall Budget :— " What an odd dual existence must be that of Mr. H. Rider Haggard 1 In real life, no doubt, an inoffensive, estimable, God-fearing citizen — one of those gentlemen and Christians ' whom he delights to desoribo — who would not hurt a fly save in the way of ' sport,' ho is iu imagination a very Attila or Tain- burlaine, rejoicing in cruelty, revelling in carnage. During the composition of such a book as this ' Nada the Lily ' hie mind must be a very shambles. Ho must wipe out nn ' impi ' or two every morning before breakfast, devise new methods of massacre as ho chips bis egg, wado through gore to luuchcon, aud devote his hours of relaxation to the planning of single combats, hairbreadth 'scapes, and murders by retail. Can be sleep o nights, -one wonders, with his brain in this homicidal ferment ? Yes, clearly ho must snatch a certain amount of slumbor, for the concep tion of the 'ghost-wolves ' of the Witch Mountain can have come to him only in a nightmare. Most people, perhaps, havo dreamt stories, or parts of stories, which seemed to their sleep-drugged sense in spirations of genitiB ; but most people, on awaking, recognise their worth- leBsness. Mr. Haggard is the excep tion to this rule ; hence his. solemn chronic ling of the exploits of Galazi with his ghost- wolves, Groy snout, Blackfang, Blood, Deathgrip. and their company. Take it all in all, ' Nada the Lily ' is probably the most sanguinary work of its size in exist ence. It is drenched, sodden, dripping with blood. In the chronicles of the most rath- less conquerors there are breathing spaces, during which diplomacy, strategy, politics, religion aro treated of. Mr. Haggard gives ub scarcely any of these respites. He cuts tho cackle, and comes — not to tho 'osses — but to the killing. Even iu his own earlier works there are passages of cosmic philo sophy and ' comic rolief ' (heaven forbid we should complain of the absence in the pre sent case !) which reduce tho average of bloodshedper square inch. ' Thenceforth,' says Mr. Haggard, after describing a terrific combat, ' they knew UmslopogaaB as Buialio, or the Slaughterer, and by no other name.' The author of ' Nada tho Lily ' has earned no meaner title. Mr. Haggard may allege that haviug set forth to recount the doings of Chaka, ' a colossal genius and most evil man — a Napoleon and a Tiberius in one'— he could not, if he would, have kept the death-rate low. This would bo a very good plea if, as a matter' of fact, bo conveyod any impres sion at all of tho genius of Chaka. He does nothing — attempts nothing — of the kind. His Chaka is simply a man- devouring monster; of his bravery or his cunning, his political or strategic insight or foresight, we do not obtain so much as a single glimpse. He is bloodthirstinesB incarnate, that and nothine more; and, whatever documents Mr. Haggard may have to go upon, we venture to maintain that his picture is exaggoratod, for no nation could possibly survive Buch an unbroken series of massaorcs ; it must become hopelessly enfeebled aud fall an easy prey to Ub neighbors. Simply a6 a romance, 'Nada the Lily' is unoonstructed, spasmodic, scrappy. Its machinery is incredibly clumsy , Whole chapters consist of what Galazi told to Umslopogaas, Umslopogaas to Mopo ; and yet Mopo, relating Galazi's adventures at third hand, describes his impressions of scenery, and goes into other details as minutely as though he were describing his own experiences. Even on its own level, in short, the book is not a work of art. But it has one groat advantage ovor some of its predecessors, in addition to the absence of comic relief ' before referred to. It deals solely with the doings of undisguised savages. None of thom aro presented to us ae 'gentlemen and Christians.' " The Missing Member.— By T. Merchant Williams. (Eden, Remington and Co., Sydney and London.) This clover littlo novelistlo sketch has reaohed a second edition. It is a queer Fenian story of mistaken identity — a daring intrusion of fiation into the political history of the day, and evidently written with a purpose. Tho hero, who throws himself heart and soul into polities for the sake of a pretty, young woman, confesses that "heart and son!" does not embrnco within its mean ing what is known as " conscience ;" and, judging from the class of people with whom he becomes mixed up, it is not surprising that ho should come to that oonolusion. However, the littlo book will beguile the time during a railway journey not altogether unpleasantly. The Review of Reviews.— For Australia. (Published in Melbourne.) Tho suocobs whiali hasattoudod the publi cation- of the Review of Rbviewb in Eng land nnd abroad haB Induced tbe proprietary to issue an edition for publication in Aus tralia simultaneously with itB appoaranoe in London, The Rov. W. H. Fitohett. has been, appointed 1 colonial editor, and his name is a guarantee that that part of tho Review which relates to Australian affairs will be well and Impartially done. If it wero not for tho prominent intrusion of offen sive' Steadism, the magazine, for such it is, would leave nothing to be desired. We might, however,, suggest to Mr. Fitohett that the prize design for the cover could be improved by the alteration of tho prepos terous figures of a drooaloal sheep and a I consumptive kangaroo which are made to do duty as Australian representatives. It may be worth noticing that this edition contains the whole of the English matter published in the Review, and, therefore, purchasers will lose nothing of their accustomed budget of information. 