GENERAL NEWS. . _ ? _ _ ? Prior to their departure from Perth General Sir Oriel and Lacly Tanner were entertained by the Premier and Lady For rest at their residence. The following ladies and gentlemen were present at the lunoheon: H.E. the Administrator and Mrs. Onslow, General Sir Oriel and Lady Tanner, Sir Jas, and Ladv Steere. the Hon. and Mrs, H. W. Venn, Mr. Juatico Hens man and Mrs. flensman, Dr. and Mrs. Waylon, and Mr. and Mrs. F. D. North. Before quitting the ample repast Sir John Forrest said that, although speeoh-maMnff at Booiai gauaenngs naa gone out of fashion, be trusted he would not ho considered an invader of custom if he mada a few re marts in referduce to their distinguished guest, General Sir Oriel Tanner, The name Tanner was familiar to all those who had any knowledge of the early days of the oolony. Their distinguished guest's father had held large property in Western Aus tralia, and he (Sir John Forrest) ventured to say that if it had been held up to the present time it would have provided a com petency not only for the General bub for all his relatives. He mentioned this as signi. Scant of tho progress of the colony, He said that he was safe in stating that General Sir Oriel Tanner was the most dis tinguished man that Western Australia had produced, and he would ask those pre sent to fill their glasses to drink his good health, and a long life, and he hoped that he would return again some day to the colony of bia birth. General Sir Oriel Tanner said ho did not possess the power of speeoh-maltincr or anv pretension to eloqu ence, but he thanked thoao present for the honour they had done biin. Since he and his wife had come to Australia, eight months ago, they bad received uniform hospitality and kinduess, aud nowhere more so than in Western Australia. What ever honours Her Majesty had conferred on him for services in other parts of the world, they had uot exceeded the honour done him since ho had been in Australia. He had enjoyed his visit here immensely, and was very sorry to be leaving, There was a great ignorance of Australia amongst English people. With reference to what 8ir John had said about the disposal of his father's' estate, his father had died shortly after leaving the colony, and the property had fallen into the hands of executorB, who, knowing nothing of the place, had sold it. He hoped he would return to tho colony, and again thanked Sir John and Lady Forrest aud those present on behalf of himself and his wife for the honour they had done him. Tho party thon proceeded to the Railway Station, and bade farewell to the distinguished visitors, who proceed ed to Albany en route for England. An important decision waa arrived at by the Perth Board of Health on Tuesday evening. The failure of the prosecution againat an offender in tho Canning Hills, for refusing to comply with tho new by laws whioh were passed to prevent pollution of the Perth water supply, had practically blooked the Board by setting aside its jurisdiction as ultra vires. The numerous residents in the vicinity of the Perth Reser voir might, if perniciously disposed, treat the by-laws as this particular offender had treated them, and might proved to deposit the most revolting matter in or alongside the water courses which drain into the re servoir. The water which thousands of people in Perth aro now daily using as their only wholesome source of supply might thus become polluted in a manner too disgust ing to be described, aggravated by tho no torious fact that typhoid fever cases have tpen numerous near the reservoir. The Health Board had to accept the ' Polioe Magistrate s decision, whioh was a re* fusal to enforce their by-laws beoause they were deolared illegal, or they had to test their validityjjby carrying the oaae on ap peal to the Supreme Court. The appeal must involve expense, and might not suc ceed. The City Solicitor alsa wished, as the Board's adviser, to obtain the opinion of the Attorney General on the case before carry ing it to the Supreme Court j and although this course may not appear to be necessary, yet there are one or more technical reasons why the course is prudent aud desirable. Tho members of the Board, nf ter some hesit ation, agreed to authorise the chairman to proceed with tho appeal and to obtain the Attorney General's opinion on the question at issue. It does appear to be a strange com mentary on these proceedings that an an onymous correspondent writes to the morn ing paper protesting agaiust this proposed appeal as a reckless waste of the ratepayers' money. This correspondent may be expres sing the finauoial horror of only a small minority of tha Perth community 5 but is it conceivable that even a small number of in telligent citizens would deliberately prefer to abandon tho bye-laws and leave the pol lution of the publio water to go on unoheok ed, rather than contribute an infinitesimal share towards paying the expenses of an ap peal to the Supreme Court ? A meeting of the Fremantlo Health Board was held on Tuesday evening j Or. T. H. Marshall in tho chair, owing to the absence of tho Mayor through illness, Letters from tho Medical Officer (Dr.uHope) were read reporting two cases of typhoid already mentioned in our columns. ? A third case at Plympton had since boon reported by Dr. Birmingham. It was deoided that in future all cases of infectious diseaso Ehould be reported first to the Inspector, to enable him to take immediate stops. The Secre tary stated that tho credit balance waa -£24 10s. lOd. The Inspector's monthly report stated that the sanitary condition of the town was fairly good, but that a great disadvantage was tho want of a pro per drainage system. At present the rubbish of the town was deposited at the laok of Monument Hill, and this place was intend ed to be used by tho Government as a powder magazine. Ho believed the Board should, do all tho scavenging and thun save a considerable amount in cavting. He had uiuoicu vug ucDiuuuuuu uj. uvu; iuuu UiiyB of rotten potatoes, The present deposit of nightsoil was in close proximity to tho town, but the Board had 800 aorea situated about 8J miles from the town, whioh could ba UBed for that purpose, Or. Newbold asked if it was true that a good many per sons buried nightsoil in the town P and asked the opinion of the Medical Offloor on the subject, Dr. Hope said tho praotioo was strictly ppposod to the Act, The health of the town was not Batisfaotovy, Six oases of typhoid had occurred, two being at North Fremantlo, All these enses, with one oxception, had boon introduced from outside. One caso had proved fatal and the others wera doing fairly well. Thero were several cases of low fever and a good deal of influeuza. He again warm ly advocated tho necessity of a complete water-supply for Fremantle, After sime minor business had been transacted tha meeting closed. On Tuesday, at tho adjourned sitting of tho Frenmutle Local Court, the case of A, W. Armstrong v. A. Wakely, olaim for -£15, due for sale of a horse, was resumed, The defenoe set up wan that the animal was unsound at the time of purchase, The bench do.ided that a plea of temporary illness could not be admitted and gave judgment for tho plaintiif lesa the auiouut oharged for stabling. E. Jonas v, Edward Mayhew, claim for 43 6s, due for cartiug, The defendant said he had only questioned the-coount,but had never refused payment. Judgment was given for £2 10a. Tho case of J, Stuvenson v. G. H, Adams & Co , for £58 5s, damages for the non-delivery of doors, was part heard and adjourned until Friday morning, The London Evening News and Post sayu :—' Western Australia has probably made a wise selection by the appointment of Sir Malcolm Fraser as their Agent General iu London. At an early age Sir Malcolm went to New Zealand as a civil engineer, and after a successful career thero he came to Western Australia in tho employ of the Government of that Colony, There be beoame Surveyor General and Colonial deoretary, from which position he retired with a pension, upon the establish ment oi responsible government in the Colony recently, He has held the position of Lieut-Governor (sic), and should know the wants and resources of the Colony as well as any man in England,' During the past few days we have receiv ed very many complaints as to the condi tion of the telephones whioh are supplied to subscribers. In eomo instances the complainants state that they have written on many occasions to the Department, but without obtaining any redress. Two well known merchants have intimated to us that unless they find an immediate alteration they will decline to be connected with tbo Byatein any longer. The Government have surely hud their attention direotod to the working of this department often enough now to have ensured somo steps being taken to pul matters on a proper basis, At the Perth Local Court yesterday the cases occupied Mr. Cowan, P.M., till late in the afternoon. Messrs. Knight aud Co, obtained judgment with costs against T. Maddigan for £10 9s. due for goods sold and delivered. E.E. Humphry, storekeeper at the Canning, sued Arthur M'Intosh for £15 14s. 11d.; due for goods supplied. After some evidence had been given the parties agreed that defendant should pay £5 15s. within fourteen days, otherwise judgment for the full amount would be entered. R, S. Haynes obtained, by consent, a judgment against Rogers and Salomous, lately in partnership as auctioneers, for *811 due, G. O. Baker sued R. S. Haynes, solicitor, for the sum of M lla. 4d., money had and received, The dispute in this matter had been before the courts for some months, Mr, G, Parker now appeared for the plaintiff and Mr, Foulkea for tho defendant, the arguments in the caBe being very warm. The plaintiff's caso was that in September last he called at Mr, Haynes's office, saw his clerk, gave instruction to sue a debtor named Green for ,£20 due, was told the expense of the summons would be .fills,, for whioh he gave a cheque, and was told ulso that Mr. Haynes's oostb for conduct ing the case in the Local Court would be £3 3a. Ho obtained judgment against Green, and the exeoution issued on his effeots realised over Al. Mr, Haynes made out a bill of costs which left nothing for the plaintiff to receive. Plaintiff under stood that the £3 3s. was to cover the whole costs of recovering tho debt from Green. The case for the defence was that there was no agreement to do tho work for a fixed sum. After hearing the evidence and arguineuts Mr. Cowan gave judgment foe the plaintiff for i!3 Is, 9d,, the question of costs being reserved. Thomas Smith sued John Farrantfor «10 due goods sup plied, the defence beinj* that tho debt had been paid in two instalments. After hearing evidence judgment waa given for the defendant. It is related in the ' Life of Robert Fulton,' by Thomas W. Knox, that a tradi tion was handed down among all the Bailors who formed the crews of the latp Great Eastern that her ill-luck was duo to the circumstance that two workmen were wall ed up alive in one of the collular upaeea, whvih were sa distinguished a featuve of her structure. The story goes that on ono occasion two of the workman botntno ia toxioated, and crept into one of the xm completed Bpaces referred to. ' While they were sleeping off the effeots of their carouse the plate to complete tho enclosure of the space was put into position and rivetod down, and the absence of the men ,vn3 not noticed or accounted for till several daya had passed. The ghosts of these violims of their own drunken carelessness are said to have haunted tho ship, and their follow workmen predicted that whenever the Groat Eastoru should be broken up two skeletons would bo found in one of the en closures of that enormous cellular tissue, where they havo laid and been transported wherever the vessel has gone, The great sliip is now non es{, and the public, through negligence or unbelief on the part of the literary sensation-mongers, has apparently beeu cheated of a good item of excitement, Tho important sale of tho Victoria Hotel, with tho Stock-in-trade, &c;, will bo con ducted by Messrs. Solomon & Co. afcthe Cleopatra Hotel, Fremantle, at 8 o'olock this evening. The furniture will also be sold, as well as twon lots 50 and 51, The following rainfall was registered thi& morning for the previous 24 hours j— Perth 2 points, Fremantle 1, Jarrahdale 2, Pinjavrah 56, Mandurah 01, Bannister 8, Williams 5, Arthur 2, Bunbury 17, Vasse 1, Bridgetown 20, Kojonup 18, Mt. Barker 3, Albany 10, Esperauoa Bay 2, and Bre mer 12 points, Mr, John Ro.-s, formerly purser of the s.s, Albany, now ocoupies a similar position on board the s,b, Industry, wbioh is now at Fremantle, The Sydney Daily Telegraph states that its London correspondent has reported that throa veassls, tho Active, Belinda,and Diana, are about to be deBpatohed f rom Dundee aud Peterhead to the Antarctic, on a whal ing trip, The Active is a wooden-built. barque rigged eorew steamer or 348 torn gross register, 237 tous net. She was built in 1852 by Robertson, of Pettrhoad, and is owned by Mr. R, Kinnos, of Dundee. Her engines are compound, 20in. and 30in. cylinders, stroke 21iu,, and 40 h. p, nominal. The other vessels are probably of similar size and description. If the venture suc ceeds the number of ships will be increased. Years ago whal'ng was an important indus try in the South Pacific to what it is to-day, A few American vessels are still employed but the Sydney, Hobarfc, and colonial whal ing generally is comparatively a matter of past history, It is a far 017 to Pefcerlioad, but should this tali of blubber-hunteva fiiid s4j0ft pleutef ul it will probably give and im petus to speculation in the colonies, Now thet freights aro at ruinous figuroa, au in ducement to hunt in tho Antarctic would the easier find favor amongst colonial ship owners, The idea of employing abeam in the business h a new departure, and it will be tho more interesting to note how it pays. The first town iu Queensland to iustal the electric light is Tbargomindab, about 1,000 miles from Brisbane. The plaut is beiug installed by Mesurs, Track son Brothers of Brisbane, to the order of a Mr, rattereon, une pnoe cf Kerosene in Thar gemindah averages about £1 per tin j gas is out of question, as the cost of corI car riage is something like £20 per ton. Th?re is a splendid supply of water at Thargo mindah nnd abundanoe of wood. Great efforts aro being made in Queensland to push the telpher system, the .oolony being mrtioularly favourably to it. ' The country d bo immense that is is impossible as yet to lay down a sufficient mileage of even tha lightest railwayd with any hope of their paying, The idea, in using the telpher sys ;ein is that it should serve as a feeder to the few railways that exist, On the sugar plant itions the introduction of the telpher system ia viewed with considerable favour, as it would be aa ideal way of conveying the oane over long distances, Messrs, Track son Brothers have just received au order from the Government for tha Biipply of all the eleotrio light fittings for the new wing of the Parliament House, the nhitrf rnn. dition being that all tho fittings shall be manufactured in the oolony. It will be learnt with general satisfaction that the Colonial Seoretary has made some sweeping retrenchments in oonneotioa with Rottnost Island, The Chief Warder, Mr, Oliver, has rec jived his pension, and two or three resignations which have taken p'aco have not beeu filled, Mv. Shenton's opinion on the subject is that a Warder in oharge of a email stuff is quite sufficient for the requirements of tbo island, but there are diffloultieB in the way of bringing this a'tiout. It is, howovor, gratifying to nnd that the Government are alive to the neces. sity for retrenchment in what may be termed useless departments, Owing to the many representations which have been made to the Government in connection with the depredations of natives at the North, the Colonial Secre tary has himself taken the matter in hand ana has determined to place matters on a uatisfaotory basis, With this object in view, Mr, Shonton has instruoted Inspector Lodge to leave Derby, where he has been stationed, aud return to Perth. On arrival here he will bp appointed to the oharge of what may be oalled the disturbed distriots at the north, and instructed to restore order thero, It is understood that there are about six half-civilised natives wha are aobing as ringleaders to others, and who are really the whl«a cause of the disturbances, Mr. Lodge will be instructed that these must be captured and brought to justice forthwith. It is expeotod that when this is done order will be restored, The second lecture of the Beriesof the St. Jthn'w A^ibulanco Association waa hold at the Literary Institute, Fremantle, Iftflt nigh!;. There was a large attendance of members. The lecture treated of fraoturee of yariouB kinds and a lively interest was felt by all present in the practical ftpplioa won of splints whioh followed the leoture. The next Uoturs of the series will ba held at the same plaoe athalf-paafc eight! p.W» on Wednesday, l e Ata mooting ot tho north ward olootoi1 ate held last evening at tho Doauforb Arms it was resolved that tho Hoorotaiy bo directed, to convene tho monthly mooting for Monday next, Typhoid fovor was au nouueed to have broken out iu Lord-Btreot. Tho oonduofc of tho polico wao apin dis« cussed relative to tho recent outrage, at Highgato Dill aud soriously condemned, thero loing a soueo of want of uoom. ity against lawlcaa persons who aro known to have prowled that patb for aorne timo past, committinu potty larconioa, etc, oto. Notice of vuotlou was given that all olvio loan monoy should bo restricted to expenditure upon new roads and footpaths j that rates bo applied exclusively to the upkeep of esdst* ing roads, &o;, 1 that a uniform water level, should be struok and the Company's level equalized j and that the establishment oi polioe stations in the East Ward be con* sidered, Other matters pertaining to tha interests of the wards of the city generally were brought forward aud disouosed u,t length. 