. : , . ' CHAPTER IV. I TUE FLIGHT OK MOFO AND BALEKA. I ALL the rest of the night we journeyed, till even the dog was tired.. Then we hid in.'a moalie field for-the day, as we were afraid of .being, seen. .Towards , the afternoon we heard voices, and, looking through the stems of the mealies, wo saw a party of my father's men pass searching' for us.' They went on to a neighbouring kraal to see if we had been seen, and - after ' that ; we saw them no inoro for awhile. At night wo travelled.again j but, as fate would have it, we were met by au old woman, who looked oddly at us but said nothing. After that we pushed;on day and night, for we knew that the old woman would toll the, pursuers'if she met them ; and so . indeed it came \ about.' On the third evening .we reached some moalie gardens, and saw that they had been trampled down. Among the broken mealies we found the body of a very old man, as full of assegai wounds as a porcupine with quills. We wondered at this, and went on a little way. Then .we saw that .the kraal to which the gardens- belonged was burnt down. We crept up. to it, and-ah ! it was sad for us to seo 1 Afterwards wo became ' used to such sights.' All about lay the bodies of dead pèôple, scores 'of them-old mon, young .men, women, children, .little babies at tho breniät-there they lay among the burnt huts, pierced with assegai wounds.. Ked was the earth with their blood, and red they looked in the red .light of the setting sun. It was as though,, all the land, had been smeared with the bloody hand of the Great Spirit, of the Umkulunkulu. -.Baleka saw it and began to cry ; she was wearyj poor girl,1 and we bad.* found little, to eat,-only grass, and green mealies. -.....". ! ' An enemy has been here,' I said, and as I spoke I thought that I heard a groan from the other side of a broken ree A. hedge. I went and looked. There 'lay a young' woman ; Bhe was cut to pieces, but still alive,1 my father. A littlo;way from her lay a man dead,'and before' him several other men of another tribe j he had died fighting. ; In' front of tho 'woman were the .bodies of three children; another, a little one, lay on her body. I looked nt the woman, and, aB I looked, she groaned again, opened her eyes and saw me, and that I had a spear in my .band... ,,. . . "";.'.', , ..... . . i '.Kill mo quick!' she said. .' Have you not tortured me enough ?' . ' I said that I was a stranger and did ; not want to kill her. ' . ' ! 'Then bring mo water,' she said; 'thereis a spring there behind the kraal.'. 1 called to Baleka to come to the woman', and went with my gourd to the spring. Thero were bodies in it, but I dragged them out, and whon tho water had cleared a little I' filled the gourd and brought it to the woman. She drank deep, and her strength came back a little-the water gave her lifo. ' How did you come to this ?' I asked. ' It was an luipi of Chaka, Chief of the Zulus, that slew us,' she answered. 'They burst upon us at dawn this morning while wo were asleep in our hnts. , Yes, I woko up. to hear the sound of killing. I was sleeping with my husband, he who lies there, and the children. , We all ran out. My husband hàd.a spear and shield. Ho was a brave man. See bhe died bravely ; he killed three of tho Zulu devils before he himself was dead. Then they caught me, and killed my children, and stabbed me till they thought that I was dead. Afterwards, they- went -away. ;I . don't .know, why they came, but I think it was because tho chief would not send men to help Chaka against Zweete.V She stopped, gave a great cry, and was dead. : ^ " ! ; My Bister wept at the sight, and I too was stirred in my heart. 'Ah!' I thought:to' myself; 'tho Great ..Spirit! must bo "ovil. " If ho worenotevilsuch things wouldnothappen.' That is how I thought then, my father, now I think , differently. I know that we had'not I found out the path of the Great Spirit, that is all. I was a chicken in those days, my father; afterwards Igot used to such sights. .They did-not- stir me any more, not a. bit. But then in tho days o£ Chaka tho rivers ran blood-yes, we had to look at the water to see if it was clean before we drank. People learned how to die then and not mnke a noise about it. What does it matter? They would have been dead now anyway. - It dpes not matter ; nothing matters, except being born. That is a mistake, my father. We stopped at the kraal that night, but we could not sleep, for we heard tho Jtonga, the ghosts of tho dead people, moving about and calling each other. It was nntur.il that they should do so; mon were looking for their wives, and mothers for their children. But we were afraid that they might be angry with us for being there, so we clung together and trembled in each other's arms. Koos also trembled, and from time to time he howled loudly. But they did not seem to see us, and towards morning their cries grew fainter. When the first light came we rose and picked our way through the dead down to the plain. " Now we had an easy road to follow to Chaka's kraal, for there was the spoor of the luipi and of the cattle which they had stolen, and Bomotimos wo came to the body of a warrior who had been killed because his wounds prevented him from marching farther. But.now I was doubtful whether we would go to Chaka, for after what we had . seen I grew .afraid lest ho should kill us. Still, we had nowhere to turn, so I said that wo should walk along till something happened. Now we grew faint with hunger and weariness, and Baleka said that we had better sit down and die, for then there would be no more trouble. So we sat down by a spring. But I did not wish to die .yet, though- Baleka was right, and it would have been well to do. As wo sat, tho dog Koos went to a,bush that was near, and presently I heard him spring at something and the sound bf struggling. I ran' to the bush-he had caught-hold of a duiker buck, as big as himself, that was asleep in it. Then I drove my spear into the buck and shouted Sat joy, for here was food., When thebuck was dead I skinned him, and we took bits of the flesh, washed them in the water, and ate them, for we' had no fire to 'cook them with, It is not nice to eat. uncooked flesh, but we were BO hungry that we did not mind, and strength came back to us from the food, When we had eaten what we could,'we'TOBE and washed, ourselves at the spring ; but,' ae ,we washed, Baleka looked up and gove a cry of fear. For there, on the crest of the hill, about ten spear-throws away,,were a party of sis armed men, and these men people of my own tribe-children of my father Make dama-who still pursued lis to take us or slay us.. They saw.us-they raised a shout ana began to run. We too sprang up and ran-? ran like a buck, for fear had touched oui feet. ? .. ..." -,'.:. ??. ? iTow, the, land lay .thus. Before UB the ground was open and sloped down to the banks of the. White Umfolozi, which twisted through the plain like; a great and shining snake..On the other side the- ground rose again, and we did,-not..'know what was beyond, but; we thought that in this direc- tion lay the. kraal ot,Chaka. " We: ran for the nver-where else were "we to run? And after us came the warriors. 'They gained on us ; they were' strong, and they were - angry because they had. come BO far. Hun as we would, still they gained. Now we neared the banks, of the. ri ver,vit ,was full and wide. Above us the waters ran angrily, breaking into swirls of white where they passed : over sunken rocks;'below was a rapid, in which none might live ; between the two a deep pool, where the water was quiet but the stream strong. . , ' ?? (; 'Ah! my brother, what shall we1 db?-' gasped Baleka. There is'this to choose,' I answered : ' perish on the spears of our people or try the river.' ; 11, 'Easier to die by water than on iron,' she answered. ' <::.';/ . ' ' Good !' I said. ' Now 'may our snakes look towards'us and "the spirits of "our fathers be with us ! At the least we can swim.' And I lead hor to tho head of the pool. We throw away our blankets-evory thing'escept an assegai, which I held in'my teeth-and we plunged in, wading as far as we could. Now we were up to our breasts ; now we had lost tho earth and wore swim- ming towards the middle of the river, the dog Koos leading the way. Then it was that the soldiers appeared upon the bank. 'Ah! little people',' one cried, 'you swim, do you? 'Well, you. will drown ; and if you do not drown we know' a ford, and we will catch you and, kilLyou yes ! if we'run over the edge of the world after you we will catch . you.' And, he hurled an ' 'assegai " after us, ' which ¡fell between us like a flash of light.j,,;; ». Now we swam hard, and now we were in the ; current. '! It swept UB downwards, but still we made, way, for ; we could,'swim well, It/was just this: if we could reach the honk before we were swept^ into-the rapids we were safe; if not, then-good night!, . Now we we're near the other side, but, alas,!. we were also near.the lip of the foaming,water, We strained; we - struggled. Baleka was o brave girl, and she Bwam bravely; but thc water, pushed her down below,me,-and:. I could do nothing to holpher. I gotmy foot upon the' rock and' looked round. There she was, and . eight paces from her the broken, water ! boiled.. I could not go back, I was too. weak, and it seemed that she must perish. But the dog Koos saw. He swam to. her barking^'then ; tamed. round heading for tbe'shore. , She grasped him 'by the tail with her. right hand. Then;he put out hie strength-ho ; was -very - strong. - She too struck with her feet and her left hand, and slowly-very slowly-drew near. Then I stretched out the handle of my assegai towards her. She, caught it with her left band. Already her feet were over the brink of the rapids, but I pulled and Koos pulled and we brought her safe into the shadows, and from tho shallows to the bank, and there she fell gasping. Now, when tho soldiers on the other bank saw that- we had crossed, they shouted throats at us, then ran away down the bank. 1 Ariso, Baleka !' I said : ' they have gone to seek a ford.' 'Ah, let me die !' she answered. But I forced her to rise, and after a while her strength came back, and we walked on as fast as we'could up tho long rise. For two hours we ' walked, or more, till at last we came to the crest of the rise, and there, far away, we saw a largo kraal. \- . ' Keep-1 heart,' I . Baid. See, there ÍB the kraal of Chaka.'.. - . ..... ; VYes, brother,'^ she . answered, ? ' but .what waits, us there ?,, -.Death ja\ behind.us and before,us-we^are'in,the middle ofdeath.* ; ' .Presently we .came to a.path that ran to the kraal from ibof ord bf "the TJmfelozi. "T It was by"it that the' Impi had travelled. We followed the' path till at least we were but half an hour's journey from the kraal. I Then .we looked back, and lo ! there behind j us were the pursuers-five of them-one had been drowned crossing the river. | Again we ran, but now-we were weak, and they gained upon us. Then once more, I thought of the dog. He was fierce, and would tear'anyone-on whom I set him. I called him and'told him what to do, though I knew that it would be his death. He understood, and flew towards the soldiers growling, bis' hair standing up upon his back. They tried to kill him' with spears and kernes, but he jumped round them, biting at them, and kept them back. At last a man hit him, and he sprang up and seized the man by the throat. There lie clung, man and dog rolling over Jand over together, till the end of it was that they both died together. Ah ! he was a dog ! AYe do not see such dogs nowadays. ' ' His father was a Boer hound, the first that came into the country. That dog once killed a leopard all by him- self. Well, this was the end of Koos.' . Meanwhile, we bad been running. Kow we were but three hundred paces from the gate of the kraal, and there was something going on.inside it; that we could see from the noise and dust. The fouir soldiers, leav- ing tho dead dog and the dying man, came after us swiftly. v I saw that they must catch us before we reached the gate, for now Baleka could go but slowly. Then a thought came into my heart. I had brought her here, I would save her life if I could. Should she reach .the kraal without me, Chaka would not kill a girl who.,was so young.and fair. ' Bun on, Baleka, run on !' I said, dropping behind. Now she was well nigh blind with weariness and terror, and, .not seeing my purpose, staggered towards .the gate of the kraal. But I sat down on the veldt to get my breath. again, for I was about to fight four men till I was-killed.. My heart beat and my blood drummed in my ears, but when they drew near and I rose-the assegai in my hand-once mora the red cloth seemed to go up and down before my eyes, and all fear left me. .. . ' I The men were running, two and two, with the length of a .spear-throw between them. But of tho first pair one was five or six paces in front of the other. This man shouted out loud and oharged me, shield and spear up. Now, I bad no Bhield-nothing but the assegai ; but I was crafty and he was over- bold; On he came. I stood waiting for him till he drew back the spear to stab me. Then suddenly I dropped to my knees and thrust upwards with all my strength beneath 'the rim of his shield ; and he also thrust, but over me, bis spear only cutting the flesh of ¡my shoulder-see!' here is its scar; yes, to ?thia day. And my assegai ? Ah 1 it went .home; it ran through' and through'his middle. He rolled: over and over - on the plain. The dust hid him ; only I was now weaponless, for the haft of my spear-it was bat a light' throwing assegai- broke in two, leaving nothing but a little bit of stick in my hand. And the other one Was on me J He looked tall as a tree above me.' : I was already dead ¡'there was no hope for me. Darkness opened to swallow trie. Then in the darkness I Baw a light. I fell on to my .hands' and knees, and flung myself over side- ways. ' My body struck the legs of the man who was about to stab me, lifting bia feet from beneath him. Down he came heavily. Before he had touched the ground I was off it. His spear .'had fallen from his hand. I stopped, seized it, and as he rose I stabbed bim through the back. It was all done in the shake of a leaf, my father.. In the shake of a loaf he also was dead. ; Then I ran, for I bad no, stomach for, the other, two ; my valour was gone. About a hundred pacosf rom me Baleka waa staggering , along , with her arms, out ..like one whoihas drunk too much beer. By the time I caught ber she was some.forty paces from the gate of the kraal. But' then her strength left . her ; altogether. Yes ¡ there she fell senseless,, and I stood.by her. < And there, too, I should have been Blain bad not this chanced, since the other two men, having Btayed, one instant by their dead fellows,'came on against me mad with wrath. Por at that moment the gate of the kraal opened,' and through it ran a party of soldiers dragging a man by the arms. After them walked a great man-,' who wore a leopard skin ' on his shoulders, and was laughing, and with' bira wore1 five or six ringed councillors,'and after them again came a'company of warriors. ? . . ?.¿ < > ' ? The soldiers saw that killing was going on,' and run up justas the slayers reached us. '" ' Who are'you ?' they cried, ' who dare to kill at the'gate of the Elephant's kraal? Here the Elephant kills aJone.' ;; " . '. ; ' We are the cbildren'of Makademá,'they answered, ' and we follow these 'evildoers who have done wickedness and murder in our kraal. See!,but now two of us are dead at their bands, and others lie dead .along' the road. ;. Suffer that we slay them.': . j, . ' Ask that of the Elephant,' 'said the sol- diers; 'ask too that he suffer you should not bo Blain.'* '.'" '.'.?:.;>..' /'-- : ./ . J ust then the tall- chief .saw blood and heard words. . He stalked up ; and he was a great, man to Bee, though still -young in years. Eor he -was taller by a head - than any.round him, and his chest was big. as tho chests, of two; bis face was."fierce and beautiful,' and when he grew angry his face flashed like a smitten brand.. .?'Who are these that dare* to . stir up . dust at the gates of my kraal ?' he asked, frowning. . !. O. Chaka, O Elephant!' answered'the' captain of the soldiers, throwing himself to the earth bfjf ore .him,' 'the men say that these are evildoers and that they pursue them to kill them.' <.-'; v : 'Good!' 'he answered. 'Let them slay tho evildoers.' ; A?? } ' O great,chief ! thanks be' to thee, great chief!' said those who sought tb'slay UB. Vi . . 'I hear you,' he answered, then spoke once more to the captain.' '; 'And when they: have slain the evildoers, let themselves be blinded and turned loose to seek their way home, because they have dared to lift a spear within ; the Zulu gates. Now praise on, my children !' and he laughed, while the soldiers murmured, '0«! he is wise,'he is great, his justice is bright and terrible like the sun !' ; But the' two men' cried out in fear, for this they did not seek. ' Cut out their tongues also,' said Chaka. ' What ? shall the land of the Zulus suffer such a noise? Never! lest the cattle mis- carry.' To it, ye black ones ! There lies the girl. , She is asleep and helpless. Slay her! What ? you hesitate ! Nay, then, if you will have time for thought, I will give it. Take these men, smear them with' boney, and pin them over antheaps ; by to-morrow's sun they will know, their, own minds. But first kill these two hunted jackals,' and be pointed to Baleka and myself, ' They seem, tired and doubtless they long fer sleep.' ; .iThen for the .first* time I Bpoke, for the soldiers drew near to slay us. .« . , Oh 'Ohaka,' I: cried,: ' I am Mopo, and ?ISM ü ^[n^t Beloka'. t ' -? : :': ?, . -'''°i'" I stopped, and a great «bout of laughter went up from all who stood round.' ' Yory well,-Mopo nnd thy sister Baleka,' said Cbaka, grimly. . Good morning to you, Mopo and Baleka-also, good night !' ' O Cbaka,' I broke in, " I am Mopo, son of Makedama of the Langem tribe. It was I who gave thee a gourd of water many years ago, when we both were little. Then thou badest me come to thee when thou hadst grown great, vowing that thou wouldst protect me and never do me harm. Sol have come, bringing my Bister with mo; and now, I pray thee, do not eat up the words of long ago.' : As 1 spoke, Chaka'B face changed, and he listened earnestly, as a man who holds his hand behind his. ear. 'Those are no lies,' he said. ' "Welcome, Mono ! Thou shalt be a dog ia my hut, and feed from my hand. But of thy sister I said nothing. "Why, then, Bboula she not be slain when I Bwore vengeance against all thy tribe, save thee alone?' ' ' Because she is too fair to slay, O Chief !' I answered, boldly; 'also because I love her, and ask her life as a boon !' ' Turn the girl over,' said Ch aka ; and they did so,.showing her face. ' Again thou speakest no lie,' son of Make- dama,' said the chief. 'I grant thee the boon. She also shall lie in my hut, and be of the number of my 'sisters.' Now tell me thy tale,' speaking only the truth.' \ So I sat down and told him all. Nor did ho grow weary of hearkening. ': But, when I had done, he said but one thing-that he would that the dog Koos had not been killed ; since, if he had still been alive, he would have set him on the hut 'of my father Makedama, and made him chief over the Langeai. . ,,. ' V . ; Then he Bpoke'.to. the, captain of the soldiers. ' 'I take.back my,words,' he said. ' Let not .those men of the, Langem be mutilated. , One shall die and the' other Bhall go free. Here,' and he pointed to .the man we had seen led out of the kraal-gate, ' here, Mopo, we have a man who has proved himself a coward. Yesterday a kraal of wizards yonder was eaten up by my order perhaps you' two saw. it as you travelled: This man and three others attacked a soldier of the kraal,. who. defended \ his, wife and children. The man fought well-he ¡ slew three of my. people. Then this, dog .was afraid to meet him face to face. He slew him with a throwing assegai, and afterwards ho stabbed the woman.' That is nothing; but he should have.killed the husband hand to hand. Now I will do him honour. He shall fight to the death with one ,of. these pigs from thy sty,! and he pointed with hie spear to tho men of my father's kraal, 'and he who survives shall be run-down as they tried to run you down. The other pig I will send back to' the sty with a message. Choose, children of Makedama, which of you will live.' ' Now, the two men of my tribe were brothers, and loved each other, and each of them was willing to die that the other might go free. Therefore, both of them stepped forward, saying that thoy would fight the Zulu. - , ???'; . - - \ . 'What, 'is there honour among pigs?' said Cbaka. ' Then I .will settle ' it; See this assegai P.'' I throw it into the'air1; if the blade falls uppermost the tall' man shall go free, if the shaft falls uppermost, ;the'n life is to the short ono, so !' ' " ' r' . And he sent tho little spear whirling round and . round in the air.' Every eye watched it as it wheeled and fell. The haft struck the ground first. ."' i 'Come hither, thou,' said dhaka to the tall; brother. '' ' Hasten -bock to the kraal of Makedama,'' and ' say ; to him, '.Thus : says Chaka, the Lion of the Zulu-ka-Malaridela, 'Years ago' thy tribe refused me milk. Tó-day the dog of thy son Mopo "howls upon the roof of thy hut.' . Begone !'* ' ' ' The man turned, shook his brother by the hand, and went, bearing the words ot evil omen. . ' '. ! , Then Chaka called to the Zulu and the last of those who had followed us to slay us, bidding thein' fight. * Sb,' when they . had praised the prince they fought fiercely,' and the end of it was that 'the man of my, people 'slew the Zulu. ' But as. soon OB he had found his breath he was sot to run for his life, and after him ran five chosen men. ., ? Still, it came about that he outran them, doubling like a hare, and ; got . away safely. Nor was Ohakai angry, at this ¡ for .I think that be bade the men who hunted him .to make, speed slowly., There -, was this good thing only in the cruel heart of Chaka, that he-would always:save the life,of a brave man if he might : without making his word nothing. And for my part, I was glad, to think that the mon of my people bad slain him who had'murdered the children of the dying' woman ' that we found at tho kraal beyond the river. To ho continued in Saturday's U*uc. .Among the Zulus it is a Very had omen fora dog to climb'the roof of a'hut. The saying con- veyed a threat to be appreciated by every Zulu-Ko, 