A CRIMSON FORTUNE. A STOKY OF LIVE IN THE COTTON MILLS. Ae., &c.; CHAPTER XXX. JACOB FUKLKLKTOX. By F. MOM; I'YWTKI!, Author of " A Pit Brow Las=ie," "Slaves of fate," "Queen of the Factory,'' " l'assions Aftermath,' " A Miner's Million," " Children of Darkness," " A Drama in tin Dark," At last the laughing madman who was posturing for the time beiug as John Smith, pitman, grew tired of knocking out props and ban and bunging the rotten roof crashing down. Flinging away his hammer he'seabed himself on a stopeimidst th». cloud of dnst his own destructive Work had created, and with bis cap wiped the great drops of sweat from his wizened.face and furrowed brow. And while he eat there with -the ghost of a emile etill lingering bn his cutious old countenance, he listened intently for the sound of • voioes or tbeawift patter of approaching footsteps. . . . . In the exciteinetat of his deadly work he ha i forgotten everything save his paramount desire to ^ofy alive—get rid of for ever—the man who had been sentenced to death for the murder of- Adam Blackburn,- and- whom h« ha3 recognised in the course of that strange oon- ' fcereitiOB they hkd had Boins hours ago. I, \- But now, when bis cunuingly conceived and cleverly fexeciited plan was accomplished, he -wis«nablcd to realize all .the consequences of h : s murderouswork. If he was discovered by either th|B night fire-, man or any of the :night-shift datallers, his IKiaition would be one of extreme danger, and any signswhich .would denote that, his fell intention was known-<tp anyone save himself and hi« victim. ' . . .' But all was still as death. - The fireman was far away engaged in examining other parts of the mine; the datallers were probably taking a quiet snooze after their supper; and even the immersed man bad ceased his wild pleadings'and vehement, despairing expostulations. After five minutes rest' Jacob Freckleton arose, and with one longing, searching glance : atthe piled up masses of roof, made bis way down the old gallery to the spot where he and the imprisoned man had been working previous to the supper time. Here he paused for a-brief apace and again listened carefully. Half demented as he wbs ;it times, he.was sano enough now when his owin aafety depended upon uim getting speedily airay from the mine before his late workmate was misted and his crime discovered. If he .could only escape undetected, the mystery surrounding Atherton'a disap|teamnce, so far as all the other. miners were concerned, would probably never be discovered. And even if it was found out' that his late comrade was walled in by the fallen rocks of the old gallery it was almost impossible to clear a road to him in time to save his life. So thinking he began to make his way in the dinotionof the pit shaft, travelling at as fast a i ate as the nature of the roads would permit, and keeping a sharp look out ahead, while ever? old gallery he crossed waa oarefnlly peered into ere "he sped past. JPreeently jFrpokleton was in the main level whioh stretched in a direct line to the shaft He was now half a mile or more from the dis-' ' used gallery wherein he had trapped Atherton, and in. five minutes would be at the pitejrjj. ."•.'• \- ~ Suddenly, he stopped and started violently, whlje a low curse fell from his lips. There, a hundred yards br"Eo ahead of him, he perceived a lightvrtuohfihone like a star through the inteixening darkness, and the way in which the flame ihoved tpandfro and bobbed , uplindUbwn t5Id him that it was being carried abcmtrin.sooiebody'a hand. ;WhcLwas the man in front? Was it the fireman or'erne ofthe night datallers? He vai pondering those questions and trying to inven aeuffitiently plausible tale to aooount for hi pteeenee there, 'when the rumble of wheel Jbroke on his eus,-and presently there came rushing towards him one of the small wagon \ueed in the mine, and which was being pushed along by a night- shift miner. "Hello, -Smiththe man -sang out. "Is ' that you? What't tip,' lad, as you're going ' out?" • . . . • ^ s " I. want to ro the fireman/Ike Thomas," ..Freckleton replied. " Where is he, Edwards?" ''"You'll find him in the cabin, • I think, Smith. He was there five' minutes sinoe when -1 was at the shaft." Without more ado the miner :ran along the level with hiB "tub," and Jacob walked leuurelyAowards the $abin which stood, the rekdfei"WiII perhaps recollect, a few yards from the pit-«ye. Here the crafty ex-lunatic found the^official who was just then writing out his nigfetiy report as to the condition of the mine. \- '-YwMi Smith, what is the matter now ?'•' the fireman,aaked as he-glanced up .and saw the . Vt'feel^ve^pooriy. Thomas; Fve not been well all night, and I thought I might aa well go home as 6top down the pit when I was in no fit condition to work." 'Just so," was the official reply, "a chap cannot work when he's poorly. But where's your mate :" " ; "Oh^he's still working away at that job." - \- I wish be had come out with you. • -It is Against the rales to have a man working in the old-airr waits by himselfit's dangerous, yon : -know, and Xoould hare found him a --job 'With x 8omeoftheothermen." J : ':l jvanted him tooome out with me, but he %oupn'i;' r saidttae other. " He said he ootild manage«11 rightby himself."- - - ^ tben/and : Tll ;knook you up, 1 Vas Thomsis's -rejoinder,-Md/risixig from tne rough table..after shutting his book, he and FrKtieton'Btrbcle tojhe pit bottom. > of:th&page4ibjwg; a few,.yards from the landing . seizing the *'knocker," the fireman 'pulled twice, which wan the signal for the engineman to lower the cage so that any one conld get in. Presently the great iron structure came, creaking and jingling down, and, pushing aside the " catch," Freokletoa cot inside. Then the.other palled again at the-lever, wgnall ing three^imea On this ooca- •won,^iand «oon'the'oat^<aild its single tenant Swfere speeding upwards towards the moon- -iRnminated-earthandtheEtar-lib heavens. i quietly blew outMsJ)a*y; and: then- wialked.to the' larip oflicsi jffhere ne lef t h is lamp. That done he etruck off at a rapid 'pace for the hou9o he lodged inj 'and reaching his humble diggings, he at oDce aroused his landlady, making to her the same excuse -for his t^tarn^ home. as jhe had made to the-fireman-tor quiiting his work. : Trt- sently Frtckletqn vjas left alone in the little meatuy-fniiilshea 'kitchen,and he forthwith began to make preparations for flight.. During the few weeks that he had been located here and working in the mine he had contrived to scrape together a few shillings, and after hastily washing and changing his garments he slipped out of the house and stole away in the quietness of the passing night. , He knew the road which would take him to. Leghfcbury,anti along it he trudged at a regular pace. He knew also that the town he desired to reach was only about twenty miles away, and he meant to gain it before he rested. As he sped along withthe falling moon and the scintillating stars lighting him on his road, a. hundred- thoughts wero running riot in his . AtiU half-demented brain.- He thought of* the murder which had been -done that dark night at ^ennybursl) Mill, of the gold for which the ' murder, had .been, committed, and of his own daring thoft of the spoil, and of his hiding it). Where had he"hiddeii those thousands? Would bis memory be folly restored on reaching the .town and renewing his acquaintance with the old mill and ihB other places 'aboiit it? If not, then he was doubly aocursed, for Cot only would he have lest the fortune to which his wrecked brain was clue, but he would have taken'Will Atherton'a life to no putixKo. . • Then his vagrant fancies wandered back over all the"yeau to the time when his fellow clerk had been sentenced to death for another man's crime. How had Atherton obtained his liberty ? Why had he gone to Dr. Davidebn\ And then he had tracked him to the mine' Was it because he thought him responsible for. Adam Blackburn's death? : . .Well, whatever it was that Atherton thought or .inspected /did not matter now. He had escaped the scaffold, then penal servitude, only to be buried alive in-the dismal galleries of a coalmine. What was the prisoner doing at that moment? Had his lamp died out, or had 'Athcrtoh been choked by the foul air? Perhaps—' | \- TKckleton's cogitations came to an abrupt termination, and a loud exolamation of affright left hie throat as he went sprawling among the long grass and into a dry ditch whim bordered and -divided -the - footpath and the hedgerow. When be picked himself up and turned to examine the object over which he had. so clumEily stumbled anotherlittle cry of amaze- ' ment welled from his lips. It was a man's body. Was he dead or alive ? Had he fallen in a drunken stupor? or had some murderous hand smitten him for sake of either vengeance or a lutt of gold ? For a few moments Freckleton stood there shaking with fear, and not knowing whether to run or stay, lie spot was a most lonely one. Not a single habitation waa visible alone the high road. A patch of dark wooded land "bounded the road on one hand; on the other a ragged hedge and the dry ditch, into which he had floundered, ran, and behind them fields. While Jacob was looking arotrad a stertorous grcnt from the prostrate figure caught his ears, and going forward he knelt down among the rank grass and looked into the man's face. (To be Continued.J 