Vales aad fl&©t©lB,©s - MADGE. By- A. J amieson ' Wrainford. Author of « Blind Volly,' ' Dorothy War ner,' and other, short stories. .-. {Continued.) '?:. . CHAPTER V. — ' IF I COULD ONLY TB.AY.' Taking advantage of the fact that Mrs -Jallidy had. gone to bed unusually early, Madge also went to her room beforanine, Sho had parted front her adopted mother with; smiles and words of light raillery; Jtnf. nAtw flifif bTiA nrna oTnno ninna in hat* own little room, with the door locked, all tho smiles had vanished, {Instead a white despairing little face was reflected in the glaDs, while the slender; hands closed and unclosed themselves convulsively. Great choking sobs rose in her throat, yet -she did not cry. Presently :she,:.; lifted the lid of a tin trunk,' whioh - she first dragged from beneath the bed, and then she took out ?first one article and then another, till a; ?full assortment for a woman's dress lay 'before her — all new garments of a humble make and texture, alike devoid of trim ming or marked name. These she sur veyed for a moment in silence; then she fell on her knees, and again came the ?chokitig dry sobs, 'If ? I could only pray !' she whispered; ' But I dare not — I dare not,' ; . I- ao- riot, fit to , pray . . In Thy , sightl.; amA a thing unclean. But though I dare not pray for myself, 0 Lord, let my misery-^my utter heart broken despair— be , the means of saving -others from the fate to ?which I am now doomed. Lord, spare them auch suffer ing — Lord, shield them from a like sin.' She rose to her feet, but the despair and misery in her face: remained unaltered. 'She placed some of the rude underclothing ?on the bed, and,' hastily laying aside her own garments, rapidiy assumed ' the former, and then a plain homespun dress of dark colour/and lastly a simple straw hat. Then she drew forth from the receBs of a polished wardrobe a long cloak ?or ulster, which reached her feet. Glancing down she saw the high-heeled dainty shoes, and hastened to replace : them with thict leather ? boots. ' Then Bhe stared', almost incredulously at' ;her own reflection in, .the glass,, so great a change had been effected by , the altered dresB. That she did not even smile showed how utterly miserable,hbw wholly despair : ing the poor child was. A pair of well-worn gloves alone remained to be drawn on the trembling hands, and then Madge turned to a dainty looking desk which lay bnva diminutive writing table, and ?unlocking the former; took out a purse' containing money and a small bottle full 'of white '?powder.' These she placed carefully in iier pocket, and then she gave a long farewell glance round the room. Then listening carefully, and ascertaining that all was quiet, she was about to unlock .the door, when a sudden and almost overwhelming sense of separation seized her, and turning round' she held out her hands helplessly, as if soliciting aid, crying pifceouely, ' Oh, I cannot bear it ! My heart will break ! 'Tis going away for ever, for over. Oh, auntie darling, I shall never Bee you again. But I'm not what you think me, auntie; the grave must hide my guilty hoad.' An unspeakable look of anguish settled on her white little face, but she turned resolutely to the door, and unlocking it noiselessly, stepped into the moonlit passage. Her boots of unaccustomed thickness creaked alarmingly, and she waited to remove them before traversing the long passages. Then down the back stairs, andas she went came the recollec tion of how once in the past; she had stolen softly down other back stairs, but then how different was her errand, how. sublime in its innocence, and now to what a tragic end . she was . hastening, . ueeming nerseii 100 guilty to live. - unseen, unheard, she reached the outside door and soon was. out In the keen frosty air. The street in 'which Mrs Gallidy lived was a quiet one, and no one' being visible, aa she stepped , on to the, , pavement Madge took fresh courage. Shivering as 'the chill breeze swept up the street and over her, she began, to,. walk rapidly, towards one of the lower and humbler parts of the town. As, she .turned into a narrower itreet, one of a party of youths, all of vhom were more or less under the in - luence .of. drink offered in a facetloua manner to 'see her home. Shrinking from him with more of loathing at his touch, than terror of the same,1 she evaded the outstretched hand and fled blindly on her way, a few jeering words flung after her as she went quickening her flying feet. Oh and on she went, now being rudely jost led, now having to pass the open doors of houses of questionable reputation, and to 'encounter the bold gaze and1 bolder , jests of those who lounged upon the steps. Once a ! kindly hand \\- was : offered in thoughtful aid, and a well-meaning voice said quietly, '.Where bevyou goin' so late? It's a risky thing for a young gel like you to bo alone in .'these parts at this time o' night. Oome along o' me, and xu see yer sate :ome. 'No,' said Madge in quick tremuloue tones, while her great sorrowful eyes filled with tears. 'I-cannot, I cannot.'. ? , The speaker, a broad ahouldered speci men of the type called the honest laborer stared for a moment in stupid surprise at|the girl's evident distress, then collect Ing his scattered wits he said slowly, 'But ye didn't ought to be in the streets, lass, and the furder ye go, the wuss it'll grow ; it ain't. alight thing.' . But Madge had passed him on the, other side, 'and was out of sight before he recovered from' his susprise at finding' that he was alone. Then he muttered to himself as; he went on 'his way-—' Poor lass, pqor.lasB, goln'.. straight .to . 'ell, . an' no one ter save 'Hi.' He passed his great rough hand acroBs his eyes, and sniffed once or twice veiy heartily as hV sham- ' bled along, but no 'further-1 glimpse did he catch of the object of his commisera tion. ,-?... ? 'At last her dreadful journey was at an end, and Madge turning down a narrow alley, stopped at a door painted in glaring colours and timidly kooked. Being told to enter, she did so in nervous haste.', A plainly but cleanly dressed woman looked up from her sewing, and tried to descry the features of the new comer in the dim light of : a tiny oil lamp. Then she said civilly— .-;?;'?' ' You've cum' to hocipy yer room, I s'pose. Ter knows yer .way, &n;' can go right hup.\ ..??'????'' Madge; thanked her, and passing through another/ door -opening; into a small passage, began to climb the narrow stairs which led to the roomer ;on .the upper stoery. Beaching that she paused-: on the diminutive landing to take breath, before mounting, some half dozen steps which still lay before her, ere she could take possession of ? the tiny attic for which she had already paid four shillings a week's rent in advance.Finally she entered the, room, but by the faint light of the . moonbeam which straggled in, she failed to discern the surroundings. , Striking a match, she lit an end of tallow candle which stood in a battered tin candlestick' on an old box, and then she turned to lock the door, but found to : her dismay that it possessed no fastening. Lifting the old box, she half carried, half dragged it to the door, and so kept the' latter, closed. Save the box and a stretcher of the rudest description composed of rough, wood and the coarsest bagging, the room was entirely devoid of furniture, but this faot did not appear of much moment to Madge. She moved to the dirty, dingy looking couch, and, seating herself, leaned her head on her hand in a dreary, aim less sort of fashion. Then she took the small bottle of white powder from her pocket and looked at it intently. She looked at it so long that gradually It began to assume a terrible fascination tor her, believing — as she did — that the simple phial held a means whereby she might be freed from her present trouble and pain. But after a time her sight grew dizzy ; she becamo faint, and leaned helplessly against the wall, which formed the only head-board the rude bedstead possessed. Strange fancies came to her, and she saw- or thought she saw — the faces arid figures of men and women gathered about, her. Some were pitiful in their expression, . while others pointed at her with mocking glances which spoke their scorn. , : With a violent effort Bhe reoalled her falling, strength, and, raising herself, shook off the languor which had assailed her so forcibly: And now she began to Bhiver with the cold, [which in the miser able unused garret vas. intense, though it was still early winter. She would be found dead, she thought to herself, name less' and unknown; bo carefully had she arranged her plan of self-destruction that she deemed detection of her : identity an impossibility, and so one would be likely to recognise in the poorly-dressed dead girl Mrs Gallidy's high-spirited adopted daughter.7 She could face death easier than the shame and sorrow which surely awaited her in life. She looked again at the little bottle. . ', The candle . , end was burning shorter and shorter, and being vmenuffed the light it gave was but dim : and shadowy ; Bhe must riot delay much longer, lest she be left in ;utter darkness. How dark it was !' She shivered anew, and drew her long cloak more closely round her. Then she began in a simple childish way to prepare for death. ?' For give me,' she whispered ;.' forgive me, Lord,, for what I'm going to do. It'snot so^ much on' my own account as 'tis for poor auntie's sake. ' At l the t mention of her .^qsterjmptnerjV great ; tears ; began to roll down her white cheeks — team which she would not shed for her own sake — then presently, when a little calmer, she began again. ''She's. ho good, so i very good : apd kind and dear ; it would have;.broken]her,pq,or heart, and.I-cpuld riot bear to do that, .Lord. Oh, please help and comfort her, [dejir ''Lprd_Gqd, in her sorrow, ;and please;, remember Mrs Jetsorijhelp her tboy please^. please.' AgairiJ theunbidden'tears welled -forth'from the1 great sorrowful eyes. ''It Is all'Vo dark' arid hopeless/ she said in low; broken tones.' And I cannot expect mercy, I do not deserve it. I have sinned, ^oh how terribly, and there Is no way'to make reparation, no possible escapej ;and now this will be a new sin.' She grasped- the little bottle tightly.; 'But before I die,' she said pleadingly, .'.before I die. please let1 me ask forgiveness for him. ??Help him, dear Lord, to lead a better life, to' resi8t;temptation, .to do what good lies in his pqwer.';-And oh-! forgive him for the evil that he has done!1 ? ' The candle was beginning to flicker. Madge looked again at the bottle, and her starlike eyes gleamed with a wonder ful brightness in the faint light. She uncorked the bottle, and shook perhaps a quarter of its contents into the palm of her/hand. ^' Not too much at* once,' 'Bhe; said, f too much 'arsenic I may make '-'me sick, and I'~_:£aW''ito.^di&;;iV-1To':'dIeV;'.sfie11' repeated in a dreary -tone. Then she raised her hand to her- mouth and hastily swallowed 'the, contents. Once done; a sudden panic seized: her, arid she broke into »: cold perspiration; followed- by a: violent shivering attaok. .This, lasted for perhaps ten minutes/ and. then she became: burDlbg.hqt'.aridfull of t'erribliB apprehen sions'-' of a: speedy end; Death' now assumed to her a tangible formi arid' thus; mournfully she began to address the great I shadow which she felt to be stealing upo n her. ' S.o soon, oh why have you come so soon ? Let me go to sleep, I'm bo tired. Indeed, she was almost exhausted by the terrible ordeal through which she was passing,' and growing quieter .through very weakness, became possessed of the one great longing for rest and sleep. Presently sho really fell into a fitful doze, only to awake with the droad feeling that her body was dead, and that her sin stained soul was about to enter . everlast ing punishment. The candle had long since burned out, only the ntraggling sunbeam remained, and after staring at the latter for a few 'moments she regained her senses. Why hadn't she died ? she asked- herself fretfully. She must take some more of that dreadful powder,f or she must die, there was no escape for her. She' fell about on tho wretched pallet for the bottle. It had rolled under her, but she found it, and. shook some more into her tremulous hand; which she swallowed as before. It had a sweet taste, and it's very sweetness revolted her, but . after that she lay still for a time waiting for death. But again she was overcome by physical and mental fatigue combined.and again she slept. And so the long night passed, sometimes , waking , sometimes sleeping, till the grey dawn began; to creep into the room through the little window.' About that time Madge fell into a heavy sleep, lying with her pretty head pillowed on her arm, and her slender, figure1 stretched at length, but her face was ghastly white, while one hand still, grasped the little bottle whioh was but half full now. ????... CHAPTER VI.— HUGH OLDENHAM THINKS' HE SEES A VISION. A large vessel was being tossed upon the sea in , the midst of a terrible storm Every now and then a great wave would completely submerge her decks, while others lashed her sides with an awful, force that threatened ;the speedy destruc. tion of the ship and its inmates.' The wind shrieked and^howled in the rigging, and the masts creaked alarmingly as each fresh blast struck them. The captain and: first mate were on the bridge, but the second mate had gone to his cabin for a well- earned rest. He was greatly , fatigued, and, throwing himself upon his berth without undressing, slept immedi- j atfilv. Strancrfi. fchnn. t.lfn-. 'ha AM Tint . sleep more than' half an hour before awaking suddenly. Strange that he should raise himself on his, elbow, and, look questiqningly' around. The cabin', which had been: quite dark, was' now faintly illuminated,! bat vwhenoe the light issued he could not tell. Did he- dreain,; or did a tall figure in a long clinging robe of some light colour noiselessly approach' his 'side'arid gaze earnestly at him'yith a pair of large grey eyes, which brought'to his remembrance another pair of great plaintive eyes, which they strangely. 're-; sembled. Was it the fruit of an over, wrought imagination, or didi, he/hear a voice say. 'in ... low repVoachful , ' accente, 'Whereis my child ? What have you done with my little one ?V How ^was it 'that he could hear that soft 'voice,' despite the roar of the .storm' which fagedTwithout ? Great beads of perspiration rose upon his brow, and though he strove to speak his' lips were mute. He could only stare dumbly at what was -or what seemed to him an apparition from another sphere. Then again the 'low sweet, but infinitely sad voice sounded in his ears) ' Where is my. orphan child V Still he was unable to speak,' and trembling from head to foot he turned sick arid faint with' a super stitious and guilty fear.and then astrange thing happened. ' Suddenly arid without the slightest warning the cabin seemed transformed into a miserable garret— a garret utterly destitute of furniture save a rude pallet and an old wooden box. But lying on the ' pallet with her pretty head;; pillowed; on her arm, .and her ghastly pale but familiar features in - rei pose, was one 'of whom of late' he had striveni'notitO;rthink; one; to whom.jhe could -not ; hope to make atriendB for a great' arid' irreparable' .wrong.1. .: ' Arid now there , she -lay before, him ill, : rperhaps dying, with that: terrible pallor on' ? her still 'small face? 'It was too '' awful to ^con- template.. He closed his eyes in horror and anguish of spirit; and lay breathing heavily a prey to fsar, remorse, and ^an apprehension that something dreadful was about to take place. When he reopened his eyes a few moments later the cabin was in darkness and he was alone. He sprang out of his berth, the thought of remain* ing aione and in darkness after what had occurred was unbearable. Quickly he gained the saloon, which, though but dimly lit, was infinitely proieraDiB 10 me nicer aarKness ot his cabin. Someone approached him, where upon he started violently, thereby pro voking comment, intermixed by some good-hnmoured chaff. 'Why, Oldenham, old chappie, what's up ? You are not going to show the white feather, are yen, old man V It was the third officer, a lad of nine teen years— a genoral favourite, and great chum of Oldonham's. Ho came closer and sorutiniaed his companion's f aoe as keenly as was possible in the dim light, for Oldenham had failed to reply, give us a show yet, Oldie boy, so bear up, old chap.'. He was going on, when some thing in Oldenham's look prevented him . 1 Shark's eyes !' he exclaimed, ' you look , as though you'd seen a ghost, lad. What's come over you ?' 'I've had a bad dream,' returned Oldenham, at last finding his voice, but speaking in a queer thick tone which surprised himself. . ' It's given you a bad^turn,' vouchsafed his friend. 'Have a nip of brandy, old man. .; He went off to the steward, and pre ?e'n'tly returned with the prescribed ' nip,' which 'he insisted upon Oldenham swal lowing, subsequently patting him on the back in his half -jesting, half-affectionate,. but wholly irresistible manner. Some what revived by the spirit, 6ldenha«i fried to enter into the mood of the light-' kearted lad. ' , 1 Say, Fry, old man, were you ever troubled with a bad conscience V he asked airily with a vein of earnestness running through his voice. Fry ran his brown fingers lightly through the s'andy mop, which crowned hia young faoe before he replied. ? Well, riot much, old man, but what calls forth the kind enquiry ?' ; . ' Oh, I just asked,' said Oldenham with i forced laugh, half turning away. Fry turned slightly; also, linking his »rm within that of Oldenham. ' What'* ip, old fellow?' he asked again in hig winning way, 'you seem odd, not a bit ike yourself.' ? ' Oldenham paused for a few momenta before replying, apparently listening to ihe noise of the storm which still raged wxtu unacaiea rury, and then. he said slowly, 'Suppose, mind. I only say sup pose/Fry, you knew some one who had behaved as only a coward could, and who deserved to be kicked rand thrown over board, such a contemptible coward you must think the fellow is that he hadn't the courage to face the result of his evil doing, and so he went off and left some one ehe to bear all the blame.' :??':'?''????'? 'What are you driving at. Oldie, boy ]' asked Fry uneasily. ' '«^fc'T 'Suppose now that It is all made, dear to this man what a craven he ha3 been, ia still, for that 'matter. Suppose that lie 1 earns by some .means that the— other person is suffering all the ill effects of his bad action, and yet he is powerless te help —her.' ?'?'?? . ?? ?? ? , ??'- ??' - ?? -??-. 'But who. is it wants advice?' asked Fry. '-.,. '? ,. .'?': ' ', '' ;.'-?. . '-. , ; 'ITot a man !' 'Yes, a man,' said OHenham slowly. 'Never !' exclaimed Fry with suddea energy ' No man would behave thus, no man would bolt and leave another to bear the blame, that he deserved to bear him self. He doesn't'eome under the heading of man,' he added with a ring of acorn in his voice which cut his compaion to the quick, . ??:..--?!?.? .;?? . -.'.,.;;'-. : :.- v:':' ?''-'',:. ? ? ? 'Don't, old fellow' he said huskily 'It's no .use trying to keep' it from you, I wa« s'psaking.,bf; myself;/ I have been the irieans of causing the ???'riiiri of a fellow oreature. ' God knows,' he went on in lovf hoarse tones,, 'that, I fought against the temptationj, but, I failed 'miserably ; and - now I.fea'r the worst..' He ceased speaki ing, arid Btared mutely at Fry who had fallen back a pace or two aghast. 'By Jove ! 'the latter exolaimed draw- ' ing a long breath— 'You don't mean it surely. You don't, you can't mean you did all that?' '' ; Oldenham dumb with shame, . merely bent his head. Fry became silent. In his boyish way he had almost idolised Oldenham, who he ?was w ont to designate a ' jolly good sort,' , 'and whom he regarded privately, with a great deal of genuine affection ; and now his idol was shattered,miserably shattered .for ever. The ' object of his admiration and regard, was but a weak sinful man, who had not even the courage to face the conse quences of his evil deed, but by his own Yonfession had fled in ignoble fashion. Perhaps something of what ., was passing in the poor lad's mind showed in his face for Olderjham found voice to say piteously— , .'.'Don't you desert nie, old fellow?; don't you give me up, or it's gdod-by for 'me for ever.' [ . . . ' ' :\ What he meant was not quite elear, ?' but there was a ring of despair in his voice, which touched the. boy's warm 'heart. He drew nearer Oldenham, and then moved by a sudden impulse threw His strong young arms round the latter, almost sobbing—' No, no, don't you dp anything rash, I will stand by you to the end,' , :; ? ???? ' , ? Oldenham was moved indescribably!; he grasped his companion's hand. 'God' bless you, old fellow,' he said, and then his voice broke and his broad chest heaved. Presently be said—' If I could only get back. But it will be two month's even with fair weather, and in the mean time I dare not contemplate what may take, is taking, place.' , 1 But you will do the right thing,' said Fry, 'as aoon as ever you can V ' Yes, I will Ido my utmost to make . amends , all that I can do I will do, but heaven knows it is little enough.' But now footsteps were heard ap , proaching them, and the conversation had to come to an abrupt conclusion. (To he continued.) 