KŽNTE iESTINGi & USEFU1 'JINFORMAT1OIN SORl THE ' HOUSEHOLD..:. Siur-noon Coo :ar.--This (says "AA Lady of Scot- b land," writing in the Algricnltural Gazelle) isabrmnch of the culinary art that differs, in some essentials, Y from-the rules that guide the ordinary cook. For the sick everythling nius be seasoned with a'sparing 1 hand, for spices and condiments, that would provoke 'a the appetite in a healthy subject, wil prove distaste- v ful to a sickly one, antd even nggravato certain dis- t orders. Little sugar, absolutely nto sal, and peppers, v if at all, in the smallest proportion, is the rule; the , exeeption mustt be in cases where the nurse, of her d own knowledge, or acting under the doctor'sorders, is ; certain no harm will follow. A weakened appetite a soon turns against. a too frequent repetition of the I slame food, anodit lies with the nurse to contrive some ° harmless novelty to tempt it. While, therefore, she I moust attend strictly to the prescribed quantities of medicine, she may exercise her own discretion as to " food,-provided lshe has onoto acquaintance with the ° effects of the different kinds on the human body. t º: Vsnrrrur.L ur a rely suitable forinvalids; stewed c fruits, on the contrary, are medicinal, and often highly beneficial. Authorities differ greatly in their estimate of starchy foods, some of them holding they 1 are in no sense nutritions, and, if taken alone, must t lead to starvation. M~iss Nightingalo has staid of e arrowroot "that it is only useful as a vehicle for administering winO "; but, on the other hand, people I have been known to live for a month at a time entirely on orrowroot and water, and been grateful to starchy food ever after. Arrowroot nud corn- e flour are now beliered to be most useful agents in the sick room; while there are so many \+ preparations of invalid food, each with peculiar properties of their own, the intelligent nurse need Sbe at no los to vary her patient's diet. alut high on i the list of invalids" food aunst be placed oatmeal I gruel, the strengthening properties of which are bunt imperfectly understood, and certainly deserve to be better known. In one case of extreme weakness, 1 where the patient was to all appearance sinking, t three tablespoonfuls of oatmeal gruel, to which was 1 added medicinally, one spoonful of ospirit, given every two hours, worked such a wonderful change for I the better as to astonish the medical attendant, and t lead him to commit, what had been an almost hope- 1 less case, to the nurse--with the remtnark, "Just go on i with your nursing." Gruel is made thus: Put five tablespoonfuls of oatmeal-less or more as it is wanted thick or thin-and mix to a liquid paste with i cold water; then stir it into a pint and a half or two pints of boiling water and strain through a sieve i close enough to keep back all the grains; boil it in an enamelled saucepan till about the thickness of good cream. If properly made ad sunllcientlyboiled, it sill get thicker as it cools. Plain or raspberry vinegar, spiritre sugar, salt, or even a little butter may be added. Blnts-rvn is so well-known as to need no /recom mendation, yet inexperienced people are somsetimes at a loss in setting abouit the making of it. One ounce of beef to six toblespoonfuls of water is a proper pro portion for good beef tea. Cut the meat into dice; put.it into a stewpon, and add cold. water in the above proportion. Let it stand away from the fire for 10 minutes, as certain parts of beef are only soluble in cold water; then put it to heat very gradually, and at last boil it 10 minutes. COnIcars for soup should be boiled six hours in a covered stone jar set into a pan of boiling water. , Gelatine added to beef-tea, or chicken soup, makes it more nourishing, and also makes a change for the o Ipatient. Soak 'ioz. of it in ¼ pint of cold water; add to it a cupful of beef-tea or chicken soup, and stir it over the fire till the gelatine is quite dissolved ; when cold it will be a firm jelly, almnost as good as call's-foot jelly, and made withs much less trouble. ReSTroarvne JEJrrv.--Put ioz. isinglass, s dozen cloves, lou. pounded gumt arabie, 2oz. sugar, and. 1 pint of the best medicinal port wine into a bowl ; let the mixture stand covered over feorn night ; then put the bowl into a saucepan of boiling rater, and stand a it near the fire till the isinglass and gum arabic are d quite dissolved; pour through a piece of muslin, letit stand till cool, and then cut it up into squures. SBAtesr-WsATn is one of the best diluents in any febrile disorder, or while a patient is under blister. g When barley, in any shape, is given to an invalid, it should first be soaked in boiling water to remove the acid. In making barley-water, it should simmer for an hour. A. Ahandful of raisins boiled in it makes a more palatable drink, while it is no less whole some. Custna or B?sanR is a cooling and nourishing form 0 of food, and smay be safely given in feverish attacks. Y Cut up half- pound of lean veal, put it in a saucepan ýw ith a pint of cold ewater, and add two ounces of barley previously soaked in boiling water. Boil y together for six hours, adding a little water as it woastes. Pound the ,whole in a mortar, and rub it y through the tnunty sieve with the liquor. In??n.ao CesnA?n.-Tho yolks of two eggs and the white of one, beaten up with a cupful of milk, put into a buttered teaeop, and steam ten nminutes. e Tt Vt.uce or Uot Ootrg.-- While the onion stands d at a disadvnninge among vegetables on account of its ` prononuced and not whlolly agreeable odour, it is, y doubtless, one of tle.most valuable and healthful products of the garden. This value is not confined to its use as an article of diet, since the efficiency of onion poultices in cases of croup and similar diseases are too well known to need repetition. Thu roasted f heart of an onion, placed in the ear as hot as it can be l borne, will often relieve cases of earache when other in remedies fail, and a very excellent cough syrup is mt made by putting one half cup of minced onionsintoa r- cap each of vinegar and molasses, simmering on the stove for half an hour, and then straining. A tea in epoonful of this syrup taken frequently will relieve severe oases of cough and hoarseness. It is claimed that onions, as an article of food, are excellent blood P poriflers, greatly improving the complexion, and, of =r course, entirely harmless. As a nervine, they are t eery beneficial, either cooked or raw, and, if eaten in in the natural state, the addition of littlesalt orpepper t make. them more palatable. The large imported it variety are much less pungent and disagreeable to the tat ste than smaller native growth, but equally efficient s, in remedinl action. r0 TItE ATcIC.--olthing is'more discouraging to a Is -sood housekeeper than to mtove into a house with a id neglected attic where the debris of all the previous ly hotsekeepershas been allowed to collect. It is im possible to calculate how muchu dust and twbhole sm omeness drifts down through the house fromn such a negleted spot as this. A good houseekeeperhas no suelneleected spots. Her house:cleaning does not I begin with the storey under the attic, but with the t attic itself. There are ghosts enough in a forgotten attic to furnish a volume of mysteries. It is not an nes amon thing fdr people to consign to the attic tiheir aorn-out hoes,their cast-off bonnets and huts, - their decrepit furniture which has passed usefulness, all their old belongings, in prospect perhaps of 0som 0e general resurrection day which never comes. \- They move awar and another tenant comes, who follows the example which has been set by his pre decessor. Ihus ddbris and dust and the unwhole someness Ilthat comeo with them accumulate. Thereis Snothin morn absrdr that this practice of hoarding up trnsh. Tbh attic of a house should be kept as \- clear as possible firom all articles which are not of irs isitive value, in order that it nmany be freely dusted a and sweptlike any other portion of the Ihoose. A g single soollen ga'rment or old wool hat may alone brin~g hothlls eaogh to insfest a whole house if left neglected in the garret. Let attics be kept clean and r cellars dry if you enpect to live in a wholesome ea U oea Pruscav.s-GoRsAs ReCIE·--PFears in e vinegar:. WinteirBlergauot or other sminll pears omust te pI e led smooth, leaving on the stess, and either he leftwhole or oholved and the kernels taken out. To every pound of pears allow half a pint of vinegar, loz. of sugar, a Stck of cinnamon, and a dozen cloves. os Boil these ingredients a few minutes, then lay in the ie pears, nod let them sioouer till' a pin goes o easily through them, but ntot long enouagh n, to suoften them. Take out tihe pears, drain thouo Ie on a sieve, oand lay theon in the jars. Boil down i- the syrop thicker, and when cold pour it over ts the fruit. Should tihe syrup become thin ina few ed dayv boil it over gaino. Quinco cakes: Boil tle e os 1 qinces whloole, witlouOot peeling theus, till quite soft; e thens peel ad core them. Work the pulp through a kS coarse sieve. Allow lib. of sugar to lhb. of fruit. il Moisten the sugar with a little water, and boilit until r bends form; then put in the fruit, and boil this, with constant stioring, to a stiff, smooth jamo. Mate little trays of white paper, fill them half oin inch thick witih the fruit, and put them to dry in a cool oven, D or spread the mass out thin on plates, and when somewhLat dried set theon to get cold. Cut the fruit into any omall shapes. Those dried on paper are removed by dipping the paper into cold ater. Quincs jelly: Clooe quince thatare quite L, ripe and yellow, rasih ud oipe, but do not peel them. Slice tlhem and ta.e out the kernels, put the slices in an earthen preserving pan, shaklie, and pressthem doewn; lbar in boilinu water, enough barely to cover \- thei fruit, boil it until the coloorr deepens and it becomes quite soft, then poor it into a jelly bag, or presothoe froit through a naptin and fine sieve. In either case the juice most be filtered three times, till it runs quite clear; then add lb. of sogar to lib. of juioce, and boil until it thickens to a clear syrup, and formsa hanging network on a silver spoon dipped in. re. ill ?mills glasses, and tie them over the next dsy. :tQoeoo. 