CHAPTER XI. The Colmar Mine ie three hundred miles to the north-east of Adelaide, in the Hundred of Colmar, in the heart of the Baltbush country a far-reacting district, known variously aooord ing to local variations as the Saltbush Wilder ness, the Dwarf Desert, and the Waterless Country. Bufc by whatever name it may be familiar before it ib Been, the reeion transcends in uncompromising bareness any mental vision may be evoked by its nameB. A wilderness calls up a sombre uninhabited country, a desert land that has never been tilled; while waterlesB country is in itself a description of parched-up barrenness. But a wilderness may have luxuriant herbage. A desert may consist of leafy scrub or shady forest. And a land in which rain is seldom Been, and rivers never, yet sometimes has great rocks whose shadow, falling on the thirsty ground, may serve as a symbol of man's salvation. But in this eerie waste there is no grass, no trees, no water- hardly the semblance of a hill. In many parts the sole vegetation consists of the saltbush, a sad-coloured, low creeping bush, more grey than green, which breaks when trodden on, with a brittle snap .ike dry stubble. In some places the saltbush grows in sparse clumps, in others the shrub is dense,. and spreads more continuously. And yet again there are wide stretches in which the earth lies almost naked, baked into reddish gaping fissures. When rain falls, it is with a tempestouB rush-in a fury that lashes the earth instead of nourishing it into fruitfulness. The stony watercourses are at such times filled with water; but high as it may rise, in a few days all traces of it disappear. The slender grey-green filaments of nameless plantB die away. The earth, lying in flat monotonous uniformity; the cloudless sky, pallid with continual heat; the wide majestio bweep of the horizon where the silent earth seems to pass into the guietsky; the austere desolation and sterility -these are the things that re main. The air iB seldom cloven with the beating of a bird's wing. Still more rarely does the presence of man break the Bolitude. Sheepruns are few and far between. Many that were once fairly prosperous are now forsaken. The squatter might struggle with the chronic drought; for the saltbush is an ascetic that has learned the secret of living without water in the most barren soil, and sheep that are to the manner born can live on saltbush. But a more implacable foe than drought came in the rab bit, who is fruitful, and multiplies in these arid regions till every other creature that has the breath of life is exterminated. The rabbits swarm in the Hundred of Colmar, but they cannot affeot its chief industry, whioh is mining. The country is here intersected with low, sullen-looking reefs, running chiefly from east to west, marked at varying intervals by ironstone outorops. It is on the southern side, near the western end of one of these reefs, that the Colmar Mine is situated, within eighteen miles of Nilpeena, a small township on the Great Northern Kail way line. Half a mile to the south-west of the mine there is a township, also called Colmar, that sprang into existence when the mine was started. An inn, two stores, a blacksmith's forge, a schoolroom, a post and telegraph office, a boarding-house or two for the miners, comprise the bulk of the houses^ all, with the exception of the front part of the inn, made of iron. The country between Nilpeena and Colmar is partly wooded, partly dotted with reefs, and the reefs are dotted with the remains of many attempts at reaping an underground harvest out of the earth, whose surface looks as barren as that of the barren sea. It is apparent to the least instructed eye that the country is rioh in minerals. Gold, silver, and copper have been found there, but the land is mostly water lesB, and operations for the most part have been fitful, erratic, and unskilful. Thus out of the thirty so-called mines and diggings that I ave been started within a radius of forty miles in the Culmar district, all except half a dozen remain ineffectual beginnings. Their sites are marked by shafts and trenches and debris of heaps of dirt, and stoneB that look as if burrowed up by larger rabbits than those that have come to be the normal proprie tors of the country. Around these heaps lie smaller ones-crude cbimney-staoks of unmor tared etoneB; rotting sacks, full of native trasses, that have served as mattresses; broken tent-poles, with fluttering strips of tattered' calico or duck; smashed bottles; empty rust ing tins: shreds of slop-store clothing; bat tered billy-cans; old hats, whose slovenly, greasy brims speak eloquently of the loafers - that make up a large proportion of the nomads, ever on the move to these shifting £1' Dorados, where in a few days some "lucky beggar" has pioked tip enough gold to keep him in grog and idleness for a oouple of months, or years, as the case may be. The saltbush country, as has been said, is, for the most part, a desert waste, with but few traoes of man's presence. But those that are found in the form of deserted shafts, and the sites of small alluvial diggings degrade and vulgarize the landscape. Even the Colmar Aline, which, sinoe it first came into existenoe twenty years ago, has never been quite deserted, and is, as goldmines go in South Australia, on a large and prosper ous scale, forms an unsightly excresoenoe in the wide, austere, and melancholy plain that stretches around it to unimaginable distances. The enormous stack vomiting out smoke night and day, the long irregular, engine-house of galvanized iron, with its perpetual roar of " machinery; the great heaps of bluish mul lock, the equally massive mounds of red and ' chocolate-coloured tailings, the groups of squalid iron huts and motley patohea tents in which the miners live, all speak of a form of existence radically divorced from all that con stitutes civilized life; an existenoe, for the most part, unlovely as that of a tribe of ° savages, but without the savage tribe's pic turesque wanderings; also, it may be added, without its occasional famines. But though the daily routine and surroundings of Colmar ate dull and prosaio to a degree, its history is not without some Bpice of adventure and" variety. Gold was first found there by a solitary bush man, who had gone prospecting, ana came upon a rich gutter of gold near the surface, from which ne extracted over £600 worth of gold in a few weeks. He was robbed and mur dered by two tramps, who surprised him as h» was about to carry away his treasure. The murderers were convicted and hung. The notoriety thus gained by the Colmar as a place in whioh a man with a pick and shovel and a digger's dish might pick up a oouple of hundred J pounds a week caused a great rash to the - neighbourhood. But once the gravelly drifts of an old watercourse had been exhausted the {ilace proved to have little alluvial gold. A ong low reef close to the creek was found, however, to have a very rich lode. In a short time a Company was floated, chiefly with English capital. , Expensive machinery was bought, a large substantial house for the mining manager, and numerous offices were erected. In short, everything was done on that handsome scale 5n which business is no often conducted when at consists of paying away other people's money. After a few yearn, during which the Directors drew handsome fens, and the share iholdets' expL'ricuce largely consisted in pay ing unexpected calls, the English Company was wound up, and the Coliner Mine was bought by a Melbourne Syndicate. The new ?Company had a shaft sunk about a quarter of a mile away from the old one at which proved to be a junction of lodes in "kindly country." The results were for a time sensationally good. The avveet simplicity of high monthly divi dends was maintained for nearly four years. During that time the Melbourne Syndicate placed the shaves on the Adelaide market, and bold them ail at an astonishingly profitable rate. It was then that Mr. Shaw Drummond became bo largo a shareholder. A year after wards the dividends waned, and then finally stopped for more than two years. People said the lode had pinched out, and shares were very low indeed. Thc-n came a succession of sensational ?crushings. New Bhares Were issued, and the ?capital thus called up was devoted to fresh development. Dividends were once moro re i-umed in an intermittent way. So the Coimar Mine went on tor years after it was owned by -an Adelaide Company -sometimes almost ?coiuiug to a standstill, at others galvaimed auto feverish popularity by extraordinarily good c-rushings; sometimes paying phenomena dividends, at other times none. One year i would be well managed ; another well robbed. .One month yielding forty per oenV on the -capital invested; the next, perhaps, not yield ing enough to cover working expenses. At last after the history of the Mine hal ijten for two years more erratic than over, an American Manager of greai skill and experi ence was secured. Formore than a yeur Mr. J. ?S. Dunning worked the Coimar Mine at a won derfully reduced cost and a rapidly increasing profit. But once more, whit people began to call the had luck of the Coimar reasserted it self. One afternoon Dunning went down into the Mine hale and well, and half an hour later was taken out a corpse through the carelessness or ignorance of a new " shift-boss," who had at the wrong time set a fuse to a charge of dyna mite. The Directors despaired of finding any one worthy of coming after the lamented American Manager. But in the course of a week they succeeded in inducing an excep tionally good all-round man to take the posi tion of Manager at least tentatively-one whose mining experience was wide and thorough, and whose charaoter stood high for probity. This was William Trevaskis, a Jus tice of the Peace and late M.P. for a town constituency. He had made a fortune chiefly liy mining, out through two financial disasters, which occurred almost simultaneously - the skilful roguery of a man with whom he had been in partnership as a land agent, and the failure of the local Banlc in which he bad been largely interested-Trevaskis had in a short time been rendered almost penniless. He reached the Mine one morninpr late in September, nine days before Victor Fitzgibbon came there as purser. One of the periodic droughts of the distriot was raging that season, and a high north wind was blowing, which blurred the light of the sun, and made the air thick with grit and blinding dust. This was more especially the case in this vicinity of the Mine, where the vast heaps of mullock and tailings dispersed themselves in the atmosphere on the slightest provocation. "Thick enough to cut with a shovel, isn't it, Captain?" said Searle, the then purser of the mine, who was showing the now Manager over the offioes. "Is it often like this?" asked Trevaskis in a Rruff voice, rubbing the duBt out of his eyes. " Oh, not more than three days.a week till November. But from November till" "What in thunder is the use of that long iron passage?" said Trevaskis in a tone of amazement. The two had come round out of the assay room and the purser's office, which were at the southern end of the row of buildings generi cally termed "the offices." At the northernend was the Manager's office, with a bedroom open ing out of it at the back. There were six .rooms in all, one opening into the other. The three between the Manager's office and the pur ser a, were used as storerooms. " I was waiting for you to exolaim about that passage, Captain, said Searle, with a ?delightful chuckle. He was a plump, red faced little man, in a continual effusion of garrulity, without the power of discriminating between a contemptuous and a deeply in terested listener, lie had been four years in the mine off and on, and was never so happy as when he was Bhowing a new-comer round the place for the first time, telling endless stories about it, dwelling with immense oomplacency on all that made it, "taken all in all the most remarkable mine in the whole of South Aus tralia, perhaps, indeed, on this side of the -Southern Cross." As TrevaBkis stood staring at the long nar row passage of corrugated iron, six feet hig*h, with a flat roof of the same material, lit at in tervals by small single panes of glass let into the . sides, Searle felt that the moment had come for him to fire off this sentence on the " Captain." But he had hardly made a beginning when TrevaskiB turned away from him with an im patient and scornful grunt. "Is this the key of my office?" be said shortly, fumbling among the bunch Searle had given him. The purser stood open-mouthed, hardly crediting bis senses. He had impa tiently awaited the proud and happy moment when this strange passage, which started from the Manager's office and_ terminated at the other eud in an irregular circular iron building on _ the side ofthe reef at the other end, should strike the stranger with unbounded astonish ment and curiosity. And now the new Manager gave an ill-mannered grant, and -turned his back on one of the most distinctive features of the Coimar Mine 1 "Allow me, Captain,"said Searle. recover ing his scattered Benses, and unlocking the door. When he turned round he caught Tre vaskis' eyes fixed on the passage with a puz zled look. This was balm to Searle's wounded feelings, and he instantly attaoked the subjecb once more. " Did you ever see the like of that at a mine before. Captain?" he aBked briskly. " I can't say that I have. _ What is it for?' " You see the length of it-or at least you would if the wind was not so thiok with dust. It is three hundred and twenty feet in length -three hundred and twenty feet-six feet high and six feet wide-and" " But what the devil is it for?" " But Searle, who never stopped talking as long as he could get a listener, was too often forced to tell a thripe-told 'tale. He was con sequently not inclined to waste a subject so criminally as to bome so soon to the point. " you Bee this key, captain?" he Baid, hold ing up one of the door-keys on the Manager's bunch that was smaller than the rest. " Well, that key opens this door at the end of your office, and when open thao door you're in the passage. You go along that passage for three hundred and twenty feet, ana then you d:me to a cave-regular cave made into a good-sized room-scooped out of the side of the reef, and ventilated with a stope, full of old niaohinery that belonged to the English Company-a rouple of furnaces, retorts, blanket tables, a bank near the entrance, a table, a chair" Searle pause to take breath. Qe fully ex- I ! pectta that before lie had reached &o; far in his I description Trevaskis would have set off down the passage to examine the place for himself. I But instead of this liia fact) wore a look of a cony j indifference. " It's simply marvellous!" ho gasped, making ' a despairing effort to infect his listener with a little becoming enthusiasm. " What is marvellous ?" " Why, that big underground place Booofjod out of the side of thy reef, aud connected with the Manager's office by a passage three hundred and twenty" " Curse the three hundred and twenty feet!" cried Trevaskis, in a tone of intense irritation. .' What is the thing used for ?" " First there was some sort of natural cave, they say, and this was much enlarged. The enlargement was undertaken by Doolan," returned Searle, in a grafe, unmoved, historical kind of voice. "That was before my time, j They say that be felt the beat dreadfully, and used to stay down there cool and quiet, without noise or dust, when the thermometer went above 115° in the shade. The next Manager took it into his head that he got on the track of a good lode there, and set some men to work it. This made the place still larger, but I don't know about the gold. There were a lot of queer yarns floating round, I believe." "Did you ever know a mine that hadn't a bagful of lies told about it every week ?" said Tievaskis, who was longing for an opportunity to have done with these reminiscences of his predecessors. " Well, every Manager that comes seems to think the one before him was a fool or a rogue." " I think some of the Managers you've had here were both," said Trevaskis. "I'm sure the man who made this passage" " Ah, I'm coming to that. This passage was made by Webster" "What! the man who turned miser here, and then went mad ?" " The same, captain. I don't want to make any one out blacker than he is, but I'd just like to tell you what I know myself personally" "Thank you, I'm afraid I haven't got time to-day," answered Trevaskis, pulling out his watch. "We must confine ourselves for the rest of the time to business. It isn't a very cheerful subject. WebBter became a raving lunatic; Dunning was killed in the twinkling of an eye. It only remains for me to cat my throat to finish up the record. Well, I only oame for a month to try it. I don't fancy I shall stay' longer than that." Never had Searle been more bitterly dis appointed in bis anticipations ot acting as showman to the Colmar Mine. It was bad enough to treat the cave room and the passage throe hundred and twenty feet long with surly contempt, but to have the history of Webster -of whom Searle could never think without a certain shiver in the marrow of his backbone put by and passed over like an old woman's ghost Btory! The little man's heart swelled within him, and he went through the rest of his duties with Trevaskis observing the most dignified reserve. When at half past 1 ho watched Trevaskis going to dinner a& the Colmar Arms with a lowering brow and a set look on his face, the purser, though the least vindictive of men, felt assured that if the new captain took himself off at the end of a month he would be no loss to good-fellowship - an opinion he felt no scruple in expressing to the engineer, with whom he boarded at the three- roomed weather board hut of one of tha shift bosses close to the mine. " I believe you're right there, Tom," said theenginer. "You see, he was at the top of the tree a short time ago in town. I think having to come here has put him off his chump so muoh he'll never have a civil word to throw at a dog. But as to chucking up £G00 with times so bad-why, that's another matter." _ This was exactly the aspect of the oase which was at that moment foroiug itself on Trevaskis. When he reached the Colmar Arms he was met at the front door by the landlady, a lean,' untidy looking woman with a very tired and discouraged face, who showed him into the dining-room talking all the time. " I thought you was the new captain. Long Ben, the driver, told us you 'ad oome, but I didn't think as you was coming to dinner, not bein' 'ere at 1. Poor Capen Dunning always come at 1 to the minute. Did you 'ear, sir, as be 'adn't gone half an hour from the Colmar Arms, after a dinner of young duck and cauli flower, when he was called away into eternity, so to speak ?" "Ever since I came within a hundred miles of the Colmar every soul £ see tells mo about Dunning's suddon death! And now, if you please, I want a little dinner," said Trevaskis. The landlady with subdued volubility said she would do the best she could, but she had expected him at 1. Poor Capen Dunning always came so regular at 1, and things was very mixed with them then at the Arms. They had just moved into the front part, which the capen no doubt noticed was of stone. The baby, who was a little over two year old, was cutting some back teeth; the cook had married at an hour's notice, just because there was a man handy to have her, and a Methody parson chanced to pass through; and the housemaid was down with a bad cold. These details were imparted in detachments, while the good woman placed on the table half a dozen fried chops, a loaf ot bread, a two-pound tin of apricot jam, a pound of oily butter, and a large Britannia metal teapot half full of coarse lukewarm tea. The new Manager made a valiant effort to make some sort of a meal off these viands. But the attempt only sickened him and took away all appetite. The chops were tough, raw, cold, and greasy, the tea barky and bitter, the milk slightly sour. Trevaskis pushed away the meat, and drew the jam towards him. There were two large flies firmly embedeed on the surface. . . . They were everywhere, these flies, large and small, buzzing in his ears and eyeB-great flesh-flies beating heavilj against the window-panes. The big bare room, with a long table covered with a spotted oloth and an array of' dim glasses; the woman in the soiled print dress, with her dull, jaded face, and wearied eyes, and the whining child dragging at her skirts; the smell of raw colza oil in the new paint, of damp mortar in the newly built walls; the burst of loutish merriment that came wafted from time to time through the open door from the barroom ; the look of the country aa seen through the window-all weighed on the man's mind like a hideous nightmare. He had been deeply miserable and irritated all day indeed, for many days back. But at this moment it was no longer misery, it was despair that fell on him. "Good Godl what a hole to come to after all these years 1" muttered Trevaskis to him self. He was a stalwart, powerfully built man, with a long and rather narrow faos, the lower part oom'pletely covered with a thick grizzled beard and moustaohe. His nose was long and slightly curved, a little to one aide at the end, through an aocident in early life. His eyes were pale with a greenish light in them, keen expression, and very olose together. In moments of excitement the pupils would seem to elongate in a way that gave them rather a sinister look. The head was well formed, the forehead square. Ordinarily he had the alert, determined air of one who does hot let his thoughts travel beyond the matter in hand, no scpc-rfluous words or imagination to beaiow on anytubjtct beyond his own especial routine. But just now bis face wore tlte strained aud hoggard lock of ons who has beau badly beaten in the race of life. The landlady, seeing that he had eaten nothing, brought in a plate of bifouits and some cheese. ButTre vabkis gruffly declined the delicacies, and ordered her to bring him some whisky and eodawater. Then he lit a strong Havana cigar, and as he smoked and sipped the whisky his courage revived. He would face the riBk of being out of employment and out of pocket, in civilized life rather than stay on at the Colmar. The Directors, in their eagerness to secure him, had employed him on his own terms. It would be better to let them know at once he would not stay beyond the month. He pulled a large flat pocket-book out of the breast-pocket of ma coat, and turned over some papers, looking for a blank half sheet on which to draw up a draft of the communication he would send on the morrow. The first letter that caught hiB eye was one from hiB brother, expressing rather clumsily the pleasure it gave him to hear Trevaskis had got a good job with nigh ?wages. Dick, he said, was getting on well in the Bank, and they were both grateful to him for the billet. It was a very illiterate, ill-spelt scrawl, and curiously brought back to Tre vaskis the days of his early boyhood, when he and his brother worked together in a Cornish mine. It was a squalid, hard life-both of them unkempt and uncared for, their mether dead, their father rough and in temperate. From eight years of age till sixteen, thought TrevaBkis, that wa3 a long spell to work twelve hours out of the twenty-four-often hungry, most of the time barefooted. Then he reviewed his long fight for wealth in Australia. Poverty, and the squalor of his early life bad so bitten into him that he bad sworn a great oath, he would make himself independent-yes and rich, as many another had done in the Southern Hemisphere. And gradually through long years of ascetic abstinence and the most rigid self-denial he aohieved his purpose. He stuck to mining, it was the work he understood best-first on the tribute plan, then on claims of his own, and all his money as he saved it he put into oareful investments. He had gone almost hungry, certainly very dirty, and in very broken boots, once when he was working in a poor patch of country, which did not yield " tucker" money. And yet at that time the savings on whioh he would not encroach had swelled to £1.000. After that crisis his gains had increased by leaps and bounds. And at last, after seventeen years of toilsome lonely work and rigid saving, he found himself the master of over £60,000. He had determined he would have enough to live on like a gentleman before he left the bush. When he did so he lived in Adelaide, rented a handsome house, kept his carriage, went into Parliament, and married the daughter of a well-to-do doctor, "a lady Born," as he often proudly said to himself. Even if he had known -and he did not-that his father-in-law was the son of a retired butcher, the knowledge would not have modified this exultant feeling. His long apprenticeship to work in its grimiest form, moiling in the dirt with soiled skin and filthy clothing, made him keenly sensible of all the graces and pleasantness of affluenoe. He never quite lost his first vivid impression of delight in the soft ease, the luxury, the perfect cleanliness of well-to-do households. The feel of soft carpets underfoot, the gleam of pictures on the walls, the glitter of silver on the table, the taste of dainty food well oooked, the rustle of ladies' silken gowns, the gleam of jewels on their arms and necks. These things would always havo a higher worth for him than for those to whom they were familiar from ohild hood. To him they represented the highest pood, the greatest enjoyment, of which a man is capable. They were the symbol of that privileged exalted life of which his forefathers had caught passing glimpses behind barred gates and through the corridors leading from servants' halls. "And, after all, I've come back to it again this infernal mucky life among dirty labourers, and in a worse place than I've ever Bet foot in before. I might as well be a wombat in an earthed-up burrow," he said to himself, dosing up his pocketbook. He could not frame a draft of the letter he thought of writing; the fear of absolute want stared him in the face. He could do nothing but ponder in bitterness of heart on the record of his life. His twenty five years of ignominious toil, his aspirations, his determination to sucoeed, his eight years of complete and assured success, and then his complete and bitter failure. He took up his hat, and, crushing it over his eyes, strode away to the lonely, cheerless rooms that now formed hiB only home. 