RACING EVENTS TO COME. Blackall Baring Club Annual Meeting, May 19,20. Towers Birthday Meeting, May 24,26. Xsigford Annual Meeting, May 26,2T. Muttaburm Annual Meeting, May 26,27. Q.T.C. Autumn Meeting, May 21,24.28. Peak Downs Turf Club Annual Meeting, Jane. Aramae Jockey Club, June 8,9. Hughenden Annual Meeting, June 9,10. Charters Towers Annual Meeting, June 28,24. North Gregory (Winton) T.C. Meeting, June 28,29. Boekhampton Jockey Club Awwnpl Meeting. July 20, 21. Barealdine Centra! Baring Club, August 3,4, THE Committee of tlie Barcaldine Central Boeing .Club met on Friday evening last at tlie Royal Hotel. Present-Messrs. Camp bell (Chair). Macarthur, Cud more, Cronin, Hume, Nicholson, Arthur, Baneke, and Lloyd-Jones. Mr. Peterson's resignation as Secretary was accepted and a vote of thanks for his valuablo semcos on behalf of the Clnb was carried unanimously. There were two applications for the office of Secretary and a ballot being taken Mr, C. Downes was elected. It was decided that'Messrs. Nolan and Poterson should be asked to uudertakc the duties of huadicappcrs. Messrs. Arthur and Nicholson were selected to inspect the race course and ascertain what repairs were needed, and to see that the running track was in good order. The Secretary was in etructcd to obtain an estimate of cost of completing erection of steward's room. Messrs. Fy6h and James were appointed Auditors at a remuneration of £2 2B. cacli per annum. A bookmakeb lay ill-very ill indeed, and the clergyman came, but failed altogether to awaken any interest in the afflicted sportsman until he quoted from the old verse, " Love and hope and friendship blend, For each year their price is more." " What! going up in the betting, are they ?" said the poor follow. " Well, that's comfort ing anyhow. They'll soon bo even money, and they huvn't the ghost of a show.*' He fell into a sweet, untroubled sleep, and when he woke and called for a Boda " with a stick in it," Ilia anxious friends knew that the worst was over. MB. J. Bltoiieh, Matle has been urging the farmers of Hertfordshire to go in for breed ing thoroughbred horses. In the course of a recent speech he mentioned that Common, the Derby winner, originally coat him £15,000, and he has paid £3,COO for four years' insurance of the animal; but the subscriptions to Com mon up to the end of 1895, umount to £22,000, in addition to which ho would bo able to send some marcs of his own, so that by the end of 1895 be would be some thousands in pocket, and he would have a horse which would after wards bring him itt some ten thousand pounds a year. SntOMBOLi's friends deserted him after his failure in the St. Leger-all but one or two, who were well repaid for their allegiance. Strathmorc and G naroo were in good places up to the homo turn, where both retired, and the finish was left to Oxide and his old antagonist Stromboli, who fought out their Derby battles over again. Oxide had a clear lead at the distance, but the jockey, instead of making tho best of his way to the winning post, foolishly looked round, a mistake which proved fatal to Oxide's chance. Huxley, taking in the situation at once, set to work on Stromboli, and driving tho colt home with great resolution, beat Oxide in the last stride or two. Huxley had a great reception on re turning to the weighing-yard,.and he cer tainly deserved it. It was a masterful piece of jockeyship, quite worthy of his old com panion Tom Hales. A few days previously Stromboli was well backcd at 100 to 12, but at the fall of the flag 20 to 1 went a-begging. Stromboli's character is a. puzzle. It baffles analysis. Rogue, coward, cur, and many other opptobriouK epithets have been hurlea at him, and there can be no doubt that on several occasions he has run in a way which warranted the giving of bad names ; but in this particular race he finished as straight as a gun barrel. No horse ever finished gamer ; and it is now evident that he likes to run his own race. Tom Payten has always had a good opinion of the colt, and he was one of few who, even after his defeat in the St. Leger, stuck to hiH belief that ho would win the Sydney Cup. 