? ,TISE MSitIA5rf SWAMP. Tlie place had always been 'lia'nted,' if one might credit what -was said-in " the Quarters." Indeed, there was scarcely a slave on the plantation but., had a startling experience to relate.'of/: the ghosts that haunted Graysville, one of the most famous old planta,- tibns: pf Louisiana. Every slave that ever trod southern soil is afraid of. graveyards, and the Graysville graveyard was indeed a solemn old place, and awesome enough to those minds saperstitionsly inclined. It was not more than a hundred yards from the back doorstep in full range of the little windows of the room that had been the sitting-room of all my grandmothers for unnumbered genera- tions. It was not originally meant to be a graveyard. One of the first Gray wutueu had lost a babe, and -it was her desil-e that the child might be b»ried somewhere in sight of her window, where she might have the comfort of seeing its little giave at all times and knowing that it was not quite alouc when the wind blew at night and the snow fell over Graysville: But the little grave which held the dead did not by any means help to heal the wound in the heart of the living, and before the flowers bloomed again in the old Louisiana woods another n-rave was opened beside, .t/i.e .. jonyxiatwiii^jv^v.-vs^^ Gray went to keep her cnild company under the l-ustling old live oaks. Of course grandfather «as put to sleep beside his wife, and so in time all the Grays were laid under those grim old oaks, and the " familj' graveyard," so to speak, established within a stone's throw of the back door. Hut it was not the graveyard which made one afraid of Graysville. Beyond, more than a mile, and cut off by one of those still, treacherous lagoons io common to Louisiana stretched for several miles a low, wet strip of timber-land known as the Dismal Swamp. The place was full of uncanny associations—as the hiding-place of the runaway slaves, the hotbed of malaria and all manner of ills and aches. At length the crowning ill was put upon it when it became the abode of the Graysville ghost. True, these stories of the ghost never, for a long while at least, got beyond the quarters; but there they wvro rehearsed night after night with startling and blood-curdling variations. It was Siiid that nothing ever came out of the swamp alive ; even the cuttle wandering 1 within its deadly limits were either stung to death by the poisonous reptiles there or else broke their necks among the tangles of bamboo and rattan, crossvinc and Sivinging mosses of the swamp. I was always mortally afraid of the swamp, and no human power coulc 1 have persuaded me beyond the sepai-ating waters of the lagoon. Of the ghosts I had no fear whatever.but stories of the runaway slaves, the poisonous atmosphere, and the unfortunate cattle had filled my mind with a horror of the place which to this day I have never been able to shake off. My first recollection of it was the from iiio field,'panting 1 with fear and declaring- that something like a big black shadow had run out of the swamp and chased him home. The " something proved to be Crazy Dick, an. old slave who had disappeared months before and was supposed to be dead somewhere in •the.-impenetrable depths of the Dismal Swamp. He had, indeed, been there all the while, living upon the wild plums and berries which grew m profusion- He returned to his bidmg place and died there, his dead body bavin°- been discovered by seeing the buzzards circling about it on the farther bank of the lag-oon. " Literally torn to pieces bv the witches," they said in the cabins of the superstitous blacks, who repudiated the existence of the briars for the more thrilling idea of witches-" Prom that time forwaid the ghost of Crazy Dick was said to wander about the swamp, and could be seen almost any night, all in white." crossing- the lag-oon and the rice field and coming on across the lawn to the graveyard, where he disappeared " just at daylight, ill his own grave in the far corner of the lot " over to'ds the great house. The story was told until it was believed by every negro in the plantation, and •when at last the overseer himself, returning from ,.,tjie quarters after.: midnight, where, he had been to sit up with a sick slave, declared that lie liad with Ins - own eyes seen the ghost, there .was something-, 0f a-panic in and about Graysville. I was a girl then of about 17 years of-'age. and -my terror- of the swamp became so-.ljwense that I would stop my ears and leave the room at - the "baie mention of the place It preved -Bpoirniy-thoughts day and night. -e-rT-At-nightB.-my: dreams,;were full of it- I bad wandered along all those my tejious depths trampled upon the lie t of the eoppeihe d and aHdei, breathed "the soft peifume of ^lie-wild m gnolia and 1 rushed a ide, -as it ia. ailed gam t .my lor5iead the-iaok* 1 led blossom of the poi onous oak and %l e"deadly vy In_nr> dieims T had dipped my feet into the leek, till •watei of the Moon, and lolloped the path .made 1 y *he ^ o t of Cj zv Dick, icio the rice field nd the "•famil- gravey id and^lo fc myself n the Beptli -of its dull, de e liadows I-notiia tv ke at umse -nervous and feverish, a d^as ^ eary as if T hid indeed made the lipmble lour ej And even then, I would creep nnder tte Jjedcoyeis und i^to forget thej liofior of inv dream j for .him; to "distinguish a supple, :wil-r lowy something clad jn. white aud moving without noise—almost with^ -.out 'motion -tlie- : djsmal;'- shadows of ;tlic '.'G-ravsville grayeyard. Then .it .disappeared as. usual. ' '-• '•-.-y-li-'V' • 1 ; St'raiig^ ta.'say, was rehp.ar.sihgytlie.^ to Tiaye'.known, it.' cbllj and before lie had -left of): I felt sure I could have gone ou with it my?- ;self. . ' This was due, doubtless, to the fact, as I'thought, of -my having visited the swamp so often in my dreams. :.-•••:• • The same day my .mother came to me with instructions not to visit; in my daily rambles over the plantation, certain low sections where I was foud of going for. the wild blossoms and ripe fruit. I could not under- stand the restrictionsj and said so very freely. She then showed me the boots I had worn—as she supposed—the day before in my rambles. " But I did not go out yesterday," I exclaimed, uo .little astonished at the sad condition of my rubber walking-boots, so necessary for the low, moist, Louisiana lands. " They were found at your door this morning," she told me, " where you usually place them to be cleaned." It was odd, to be sure, and for many weeks remained to me an enigma. My mother I was sure believed I was telling her a deliberate false- hood, inasmuch as the very next morning the boots were found in the .Kitinc- pln-no coildTtiOri r-- >«><* -' '''" in;.i)™o;.;oly: \- ' ""•"> ff At length my mother removed the boots to her own closet, and locking the door put the key in her pocket, saying as she did so, "Now we will see who it is that's in the habit of wearing your shoes. Nobody knows where the key of the closet door is hid except yourself, Elsa.'' I must explain that by this time, owing to my vehement denial as to having worn the boots, suspicion had fallen upon [Louise, my mother's housemaid, a quadroon girl about my own size and age. That night my dreams were ter- I'ible—the boots played no inconsiderate part in my nervous and excited fancies. First I imagined that I must have them, and in order to get them it was necessary to obtain the closet key hidden in the pocket of my mother's blue chintz gown that always hung at night upon a chair immediately behind her bed. I dreamed that I had seen her forget to fasten the door leading into her bedroom, and that I arose, aud tiptoeing across the hall, went down the stairs, and sure enough found the door unfastened. I went in, and groping in the darkness, fouud the blue chintz, removed the kej' and with the utmost ease found and fitted it in the closet door. I found the boots full as easily, locked the door, returned the key to its place and went out as noiselessly as I had entered. I sat down upon the doorstep in the moonlight, drew the shoes upon my bare feet and started out as rapidly as I kuew how towards the graveyard, across the.ricefield, through the white-looking lag-oon and into the horrid shades of the Dismal Swamp. All n'ig-lit long in my dreams I followed the wild birds or fled from the hiss of the serpents which made their home in the deadly morass. The jJovoi-, startled -ij:omts.-J3est, li.-i- jJjnd by JUI). will' '-I- .slivi" 1 !. >i»'> o fancied a long- serpent swung from a swamp willow aud planted its fangs iu my cheeks. But when I put out my hand to brush it aside I found that a branch of trumpet vine had swept across my face, the rich, red blossoms dropping the dew from their cups into my lips, which were parched aud dry. I was not in the least frightened, but plunged ou deeper and deeper into the vast wilderness. Once I h°-ard the bloodhounds baying and knew they were on the track of some runaway slave who had fled to the protecting jungles of the Dismal Swamp. At last I grew weary and turned homeward. 1 crossed the lagoon, lying still aud white m the gray dawn, and traversed again the l-icefield and the lonely path across the graveyard.; then I sat down upon the doorstep and removed my long -boots, carrying them up to my door, where I left them for Louise to have cleaned. "Then I crept to bed aud remembered; nothing- more until noon, when I awoke to find my mother bending over me with heavy, troubled eyes, as: I had seen her many a time when some of us were ill. I yawned wearily. "Mother,'"I said, "Iwent through; the Dismal Swamp again in my. dreams last night. " And the Graysville ghost was seen • again last night,' she replied,; hesitatingly, as if afraid to tell me. " Who saw it tins time ? I asked, : • "I." -• '•- - • "Mother!",, - I sat up in bed, startled and pale with a gieat feai I blushed myj :band:acrossnny..itemplesiito;:!"make:':m3^ thoughts clear f Aud.aslclid sol.ffelta long, deep cut npotvmy cheek. j- Mother ' I tried to sa~ Moth er' ' And throwing off the beds, eovei J Sjjiang out upon«4he flooj. j jj My lone vrht&ie; s -wa pattered >and diawgled th inue >iny jknee were weiplun torn and mil bleeding l>Jc?!dm<; <_ Corklepbuuj^ oplrlerbui 11> ma in ash mo^ s wcie cli'ium^ to jny hair M ^ j ^ ^ hue ml \-- Instantly 1 understood it all ^and 1 fellTUth a 'ishneL to my mother, p! i j I * the Graysville ghost, and J! was-tlie. s'omhaml nLvt \ ho h id nuln nil pi t plun^cl 0 opci md kl| l -into the -jungle of the Drmsl S-wamp -TJiev followe 