T H E I O J J W E O W E I J T A W A Y . G. B. BCBGIN, IN The Ludgalc Monthly. " Pro-fess-or-r!" " I'm coming, my love. I'm coming. Can't von see I—I'm—coming ?"'somewhat lamely conclndcd ^Professor, suddenly taken aback to find that he had no excuse ready. Mrs Wayne insert^ tl,e hook of her parasol into the Professors coat-tails, and landed him wriggling, flushed, and impotently furious upon the verandah floor. The Professor glared at her. " If— if yon were only a student," he said L wrath fully, " I should know how to deal' with you" You—you put me to open shame. How am I to f^myself at die dinner-table before these New \oA gourmands if you re to come fishing tor me at all hours ont of that accursed ^ j I window. D'yoa take me for fish 7 " , -,« ** I -Wyncroft," said Mrs ^ayne sternly "a trace to this prevancauon. nave . you been twenty-seven times round Uic I gravel walk at a brisk ran ?" » Well, you see, I was engaged-— " Uare yon, or haven't you? ihe 1 truth, if you please. Don't prevaricate." " Well, no—I—I—I haven t. I loathe the gravel walk. It's—it's perfectly beastly to go trottingjound there like a camel in a circus- " Camelsdon'ttrot, Professor. They re like you. they shuflle. , « Well, I haven't; and I don t mean to. There ! I'd need the seven L capacious stomachs of a camel to hoW all this filthy water you make me dnnk. I'm not a tank." Have yon taken fourteen tamblere U of lhe sulphur, ten of the saline, ^ and half-a-doicn from the warm spring . Answer me." •« I've no intentjon of becoming a I mineral water company in my own I person, so I haven t done anything ol I the sort. If you'd only let me alone, 1 should enjoy the place far more "Let you alone, Professor! , j what dyou suppose I came here for . \- To make me uncomfortable, the Professor wrathfully retaliated. » 11 can't imagine any other reason. j sn M this place alone enough to do that Look at the forest primeval. Y ou would come—dragged me from my books— from McGill University—from all that made life worth living ; and now, if I speak to a good-looking gir, you haul me away as if I were a bull-frog on a hook. There's an English girl who is thoroughly up in the Coleoptera. The Professor darted to the window and looked ont on the verandah, waving liis hands excitedly to a party of ladies who were slowly walking around tlie house. Mrs Wayne followed him to the window. .• A clean ng of twenty acres had been I made in the * forest pnmeval for Hie budding of the Caledonia Springs Uotel, K a gaunt, wooden erection . * as given over to soiitude dunng the winter and spring Beyond the rude gravel walk, were charred stumps and rotting trees ; beyond tliem, nothing but forest pines towering to the sky-pnmitive giants knee-deep m ferns and undergrowUi. Three little streams of water .welled np from the heart o the hash ; I three l.tde green pigodas sheltered the sacr^ streams ; three times a day was the Professor haled thuher by lr.s wifc to dnnk an uncomfortable quantityof wh.diever spang they firet reachrf ; three thousand times a day the F ^ H wnggled and writhed, and vowed to end such int«^erable tyranny. And U»s had gone on for a week. For a whole I die elite of ^ontrcal, and Ottawa, and Toronto, and New York had sat on the verandah, watching the straggle ^ languid interest or amusement. The betting was rather in favour of Mrs Wayne. Professor Wayne ookcd so small, and fragi^and chddliko, m his alpaca coat and light trousers ; and Mrs Wayne so tall and stern, witli a Roman I nose wludi her enemies averred had been I .tolen from some nnhappy man and affixed to her own face. She was accus-1 tomed to rale tbe Professor with a rod 1 of iron, and her daughter Cynthia also. When she commanded them to pack and leave Montreal, Uiey packed and left the same evening ; when she ordered them to cross thc Ottawa at Grenville, and take the L'Original stage for Caledonia SpmgF. Without allowing them to efface the strains of travel, Mrs Wayne marched them down to the Springs to quaff of the healing u waters. Cynthia and the I Professor did not want to be healed. J But," said Mrs Wayne, "yon don't j suppose we're going to stay here withoat j drinking enough to last us for the nest I of our lives? Drink, Professor. Cynthia, j drink." , j Tfae Professor and Cynthia had been j drinking, metaphorically speaking, si mi-1 lar bitter draughts for many years. I Wherever Mrs. Wayde dragged tlietn, I there were to be found the waters of I Marah also. Oftimes, the Professor J would wake in the niglt with dim visions j of escape bom this hateful tyranny, but 1 at dawn he resumed his chains. Qel noticed that even thc mosquitoes avoided I his better half. Oh! the pity of it that j he hadn't the sense of a mosquito. And | now, when that delightfnl English giri j ttied his misery, Mis Wayne hauled | Eim on to ihe verandah with her parasol, J and made bim appear ridiculous in the j eyes of everyone. It was unfortunate, I too &al; at the very moment he should I have been holding forth on thc freedom of Canadian institolions. All men wcje l free, the Professor had staled. " AH l menwcrefreeexcept " I The Professor," nddel the English j girl, as bS disappeared through Ihe li ipt-4 ing to be onl In the snnsliine, chasing butterflies, »«I was not alluding to my health. I—I merely threw out a hint. If yon can't see it now, perhaps you will some day. Human endurance, as veil as the human stomach, has its limits." Mrs Wayne vouchsafed no answer to this remark. " Mr Fraser comcs down to- night," she said. "You will command Cynthia to many him." ~ Why, lie's older than I am," said the Profesor. « Besides, there's Jimmy J ji cj jeoi« "Mr Fraser comes down to-night, and ^ ammund C thia to J^ity J " ' I shall do nothing of the sort." ' Yes, you will, Professor. I'm the head of our household.'" No," ^ said the Professor, stong into ,pcn rebellion, You're -not. You're a tyrannical usurper whose reign is over, ril not submit, to it. You're too fond ^ ^ Hfe. g a bnrden to mc l ^ ^ ^ { ^ sb^'t make Cynthia nnhappy ; and she =li<ill shall marry Jimmy.' „ Mrs Wayne was astounded. Yon <kreto turn, Pro-fes " „ Qf ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ and even a worm is allowei to do ^ ^ The Professor lookei areund tie d parlour. P.x r Something carried him back to the ~ youthful days when in a fit of enthusiasm he had proposed to his wife. Then her nose and viewj on life were not so pronounced. Sbe bad even been fond of him, and mended his socks. Now their condition was scandalous, unless Cynthia could get at them surr<>1, titj ollsljr la thoso days j, c had dreamed of happiness, of love, sympathy, , - aulbition NoWi Le snw i, im. df 3 d^pp^t^ battered 0\i man, wll0SC0nl hope ^ ^ Cynthia. What 1)ad ^ of his dav Jream3 7 Where bad everything vanished that he should not|)i|]g mf)TIS to t]|e worW Uian a j jj^jtworm, a mole burrowing through jJark wbic|, nevel. Jesd to light 7 Oh, it was bitter to look back upon the aHd d asjyn)adi bifcler to Btaod halfway dosra t| ie hill of life, aod to feel that n ,- remained of all those noble aims, those fervid desires for tlle futare of llis fellows. Life bad slipjied awar, leaving him only a. !>oor old man, very tired of t)|e strngg le_ a disappointed old man, who ^ £oUowed at evcry crook alld tnnl of raggcd path by a hook-nosed Nemesis—a clog—a drag- weight — a chai n whi ch bound him to the earth. oh , the pltjr of it, Th<J J(ity ot it ; Afa wel|j ; t was ttie h umollr 0[ life, the of ^ wori(L Ue bngh ere tJ|C ^ ^ ^Hed forth—laugh and cry to the worid . « Langh, laugh, laugh, poor ingccU^ Come aU yc ^ ^ jesters a|| tj nselled fools in motley, all ye painted clowns and mummers. Tickle cach other with' the coarseness or delicacy of your humour. Jest villi merriest quip and crank—jest though L lwdying . jest though the honour tanked ; jest though of Uje wurId ^ |»tlle, uiurder, and sudden deatli, famine j fiereo waat> assaj, JC. j cst on to fcUow insecta . j est OD) ulltil some- . ^ ^ by ^ tUroatj M d death, grimmest jester of all, wails vainly ^ ^ ^ tabtc in a roar wIlii st ^ ^ none ^ do you p erareIlcc« „ ^ „ Mrg Wayne, « you intend ^ tnm> Professor The p rofeS50r ^ cveryday „ Good-bye/' he said, d walked ^ ^ jjfc witb a ^ SometLi m Lis manIlcr 8tarUcd M ts w ghc watched ldm to thc ^ of ^ clear; and ltID infc0 its s0° bre d U l 3 How dark they looked f And tj ic sky was blackening, Litde eddies of dust whirled upon the ( ^ Qae b boanier on to^ vcralldall. Tlieyoang elms by the porch bent like whips, and J i n a,ldi rcctions. Suddenly, the ^ M Crick , ^ , cract, Stlul_ mer li„ htning pUyed npon the panes, W hat ; 5 it r' she asked breathlessly, „ What- 3 tfac mftlter ?„ .. 0n] a tlmnderetonn," said ^ ^ ^ ^ l i h t a b ceased< and ^ fl^.g^ hca^a wcre l et j oosc ^ ^ rasbod ^ ^ bcr ^ ^ fl ; „ p ! ' she ^jgj wQJL roaad — w Where is papa~~ 1T. ° Mrs Wayne pointed to the sombre woods, with a vague sense of peril. " There !** she said solemnly " I sent him. Gness I'll have to go after and fetch him back." Cynthia looked at her mother, as if naldolj. inspired. I«,t ,hr. aid n^ag. CHAPTER IL The Professor stumbled blindly forwards into the heart of die bush. Bis sole desire was to escape civilisation and that Roman nose. For a long time his course lay along the hank of one of the streams which bad wrought so much of his woe. The water he had swallowed seemed to magnetise him in the direction of the parent stream. With effort he tore himself away, making a solemn vow never to touch water again. Onward he toiled over the trunks of de«d pines-—-deceptive, prostrate pillars which crumbled beneith the tread, and neatly broke his legs as be came through to the parent earth, and pungent clouds of dnstwood rose rankly to his nostrils, No birds were to be seen ; they preferred the outskirts of civilisation to this vast bypaihral temple, tbe pillars of which hid the far- away sky from his sight The solitude, the terrible loneliness of the hash appealed to his inmost soqL He was alone with that great goddess, Natnre. Nature, did not thwart Mid rex him ; she held oat metaphorical I arms to this stunted Venerable child- of here, and trdoomed him bade with effnaon. Her dark cool doisbecs lared him on. He roamed for miles withoot latigne, lfid«ming, as ^wen^dramtic fragments ftpm iboras? of W any I®?!*?' Stor^is <>nly "•h" 8 "* 5 " 11 <*wp hawst on Nature's InuL Something Melded Uw Professor's It was nearly dark. Thc Professor remembered the past. Bo would not go back to that woman. Death from starvation was preferable; and yet he hungered. How was he to find his way out of thc bush ? He scratched his head reflectively, and tried to recall Fcnimorc Cooper's Indians, as he gazed through the gathering gloom. They always barked the trees, or noticed which way the moss grew, or some stupidity of that sort, lit the moss grew one way the man had to go the other. Was that it? Or if the moss went one way, the man stayed where he was, and thc tree He gave it up in bewilderment. Had his mind collapscd 1 Then he felt a giant pine all round. Moss grcw*on all sides of it. Feaimore Cooper was a fraud, a humbug, who knew nothing about woodcraft. " Bother the trees !" he muttered : "Why don't they read * Leatherstocking * or «The Last of tbe Mohicans V "In course,- mister," pi|>ed a shrill treble from the gloom. " You ain't got nnthin' to cat, and you blame the trees. In course." The Professor jumped high in the air, and held up his hands. " Don't shoot! for mercy's sake, don't shoot!" he yelled. Yon've got the drop on me. I eli—I believe that's the proper phrase to nse on occasions of this sort as a— token of submission." A shrill langh echoed through the gloom. "You can help yourself," said the Professor. " Don't you see I can't euip'y my own pockets if I have to keep my hinds up. Be logical. I can't hold up my hands long ; they're stiff." " Then you can just drop 'em, stranger," said the voice. " I guess ycr ain't got the hang of these parts." " Don't talk about hanging," im- plored the Professor, as he dropi«d his arms with an air of relief. " My dear sir, do coinc out or that—pardon the expression—infernal darkness, and show yourself." " Not ranch," said the voice. "What d'ye take me for 1 Hood- night.'" Stop !"" ydled the Professor, in an agony of excitement. Don't leave me here. I'm lost." He moved a few steps forward. ' Lost!" he repeated, bitterly, and starving " " Sure it ain't a put-up game asked the voice, cautiously " Sure." re-echoed the Professor. " You'll swear " " Anything," said thc Professor. You heard inc just now." There was a low ripple of laughter from behind him. " Reckon I did, mister. You ain't no Sunday school slouch from the Four Corners." No," said the Professor, adapting his language to that of thc unknown. "I ain't. Certainly not. I—I wouldn't do it." " I reckon ycr white," said the voice. What's yer name ?" " Professor Wayne," said thc Professor proudly. " A name not altogether unknown in thc annals of " Again the voicc interrupted him. Guess ycr can't wait much longer. Aren't ye darned hungry ?"* Darned—t—ahem—I'm ravenous," said the Professor. Well, you kin go on." said thc voice, " till ycr git to that red pinp fifty yards ahead." The Professor went on. Pine bonghs rastled in the gloom. This palpable darkness grew more horrible, blackcr, denser every moment. The rcsinons odour of the pines made him hungrier than before. He stumbled limply forward, with only thc snapping of an occasional twig to warn him tliat be was t ot alone. The earth was damp and slippery ; strange things brushed against his face ; fonie soft-farred animal darted between his legs. Oh-h, it was horrible ! If he could only see the blessed light of day—only—what was that shining redly throagh the treca ? A fire. Thank heaven! The Professor stumbled forward into a little clearing with an exclamation of delight, and fell on a log. As he did so, the slight figure of a girl emerged from the darkness and sat down on thc other side of the fire. The Professor fumbled for bis card. We are alt creatures of habit. " Permit me to introduce myself,*' he said, offering it to the girl. She took it composedly. " 'Taint no use, mister, I can't read." " Pardon me," said the Professor. " I—apologise—for my—my unpremeditated language just now." Thc girl laughed, displaying as she did so two rows of white teeth, was about eighteen, with a face—at least, all that he could see of it copper-colonred as an Indian's, anJ carried a light rifle in one hand. Stout leather gaiters protected her legs. She held a bundle also. When she came nearer the fire, ihe Professor discovered that her fair hair was cropped short like a boy's, in much the same way that Cynthia wore hers. He felt reassured. She did not look dangerous. Her short skirt and tightly-fitting jacket were of dark ilotb. S'posin* we has Eomeihin* to chaw, mister,"" said the girl, producing a gridiron, and opening the bundle, " We fein talk after." " Delighted," said the Professor. We-—eh —idiomatically speaking— : will chaw." The giri took some meat from her bundle, and raked oat the glowing wood ,«ribes..>- "Tltar's a spring way hack,"s yon tack op yer caffs, jnister, an' git a dipper of water." ..^A-'.itiV'i^'Vv 1 The Professcrdid so, despite his vow never to tou<& water again. The giri produced two tin plates, and a chunk of com bi^ad. When the tneit was cooked, Bke gravdy cut it inhalf, and handod one portion to the Professor. " W*de in," Bhe said laconicaUy, and ff c never foigot that ambrOsial incaL The girl was evidently pleased l»y Ins "Ban* a sort of a sbanger." ahe eud, "an' not knowm* as you was jest a-droppm' in pcruuskus like, why, I i*t got no forks >i "If,' itn J a a with naivetfroJlay, "If, Pw>re3sor,yotfd btw «a I might laws tfg^jbA yo^ why, I'd a sent for a tablecloth, and I slung on more style." The Professor accepted her apologies in perfect good faith, and assured the | girl that his own aim in life was to escape the effeminate luxury Insnry of an effete civilisation. I That Iwin* so," said the giri, "1 I reckon it's all right." Quite so." said the Professor. "Never eniowd anything so mueh in] 1 my life. 1 - i „ It's—it's rather suddin', ain t it ? the girl asksd. My dear Miss " the Professor hesitated. " Have you a card ?" The girl looked gratified. She had evidently never been asked such a question before. I reckon I'm called Mirandy, if that's what yer mean." " My dear Miss Miranda, how can I thank yon for your hospitality " 'Tain't nnthin', Perfcssor- You'd a bin asleep now if I hadn't tickled ycr j nose." ] Yes, I suppose I should." " At first," continued Mirandy, " I thought it was Pap, and I was goin' to draw on yer." " Pardon me ; you—eh—were going to do what ?" The girl raised her rifle with a significant gesture. Plug yer," she said briefly. " I've runned away." Do I—ch—apprehend you to mean that yon would have killed the author of your being Mirandy nodded. "That's thc size of it, mister.' Her told-Wooded ferocity appalled the Professor. Oh, of course," he said nncasily. " I daresar it '"s the custom in these part?. Doubtless he deserved it. I—eh—have no wish to pry fnto family quarrels, but might I ask tl*reason? .. 'Taint much to quarrel about, Mirandy, listlessly, as she leant forward and •ltd looked Ifinl-Ki) into inU <lu> the tire'. liw " Dad's Dadssnm goin to plug Jake 'cause I'm his Iwst girl ; an' I've runned away, an' l'il plug Dad. That's all." Thats all. I see," said the Professor, *• quite so : nothing could be simpler. A little family dispute which will have to be settled by Homeric methods." Guess I'll move out of this in a day or two," said Mirandy. " It's gettin' too crowded." A sob choked her utterance. She looked very slight and forlorn. 1 hen she proudly brushed away her tears. " I don't like it at nights," she said. It's quiet enough in the day. But at night there's all sorts of curious — I noises in the trees, an' the winds sorter 3|»cak to ycr. kinder frighten a body. Now and then a branch snaps or something plumps into thc water. It's real lonesome now. Jake's cleared out, and Dad not plugged yet. Heal lonesome." The Professor touched her hand gently. My poor girl! Let me try to put things right for you." 'Taint no use," saidtlio girl. *' Ycr don't know Dad. He don't allow no I liberties to be taken with him. No, sir." She was busily engaged . putting , an J other portion of meat on the hre. " Ouess I'll cook tins,*' she said, " for that old woman in the glade over yonder.' What?"said the Professor, lushair standing on end. What 1 What sort | of a woman ?" Well," said Alirandy impartially, ] she ain't much to look at." " Bather a prominent nose ?" " She's all nose." The Professor gasped. " It—it must lie my wifc. She's come after mc." •'Guess she's lost too," said Mirandy. ' Next thing, Pap 'ill happen along an* there'll be some shootin'." The Professor skipped to his feet. He was touched. In a few brief sentences, he hurriedly explained the position of affairs to Mirandy. She's downright skearl," said Mirandy reflectively. " Most as skcart as I am o'nights You just tackle her while she's broke down, an* you'll win " " I will," said thc Professor firmly. I shall never get such a chance again. Give me the platter. Now for dcatn or victory. "My!" eaid Mirandy admiringly, "you're reai grit. She's uglier than Pap." The Professor halted. "She—eh— must be sorry, Mirandy, or she wouldn't have come after me." " That's so," eaid Mirandy. " You just sorter rear up on your hind legs and tackle her." " You'll see me through 7" he asked. Mirandy noddod^ and the}^ eet ufl I through the gloom with cat-like " " steps * I In a few minutes slie halted. "There | sbe said. "There! look at her!" CHAPTER III. Professor Wayne looked—and recoiled. The inky darkness of the night j had passed away. A weak, watery moon j shone down into the giade, and tinged with a grey ashen pallor the trunks of I the adjacent trees. In the centre of the clearing eat a female figure upon a little I hill; .and this figure, from time to time, j rocked itself despairingly to and fro, and I wept copiously after the manna'of j females who don't qnite know where ] thoy are. Tho woman was elderly, with 1 anenormoue nose, and tangled grey hair J which had escaped from its fastenings j and floated out from ber* shoulders in I snaky coils. Her cvearwerc rod and io-1 flamed; she lMked' brokcn, bent, eub-1 dued. and utteriy crushed; one of her! shoes had buret at the point and her 1 toes «fcnck out. Her oostume, battered I and torn by the bnBli, was muddy and J disarrarisped. Prom tune to time ahe j •agnly ***r clouds of moa - l qiiitoea. ' ^ w e a ^ ^ imtatiog Mte fcad all been centred on herwm S i & m wms tepfrf^^W d i R n ? ' n P f o W could not JWlniB « •nfttX'il lnerwr " That is. extremely probable, should any nspiriog candidate for the post know as much about you as I do," mattered the Professor angrily. "1—I call it indecent." "Hush-h-h! said Mirandy. "Listen to her. The woman cast np her eyes monrn- fully to the surrounding tree tops. 1 Here am I," she said, " lost in the bosh. I'm tired, hungry, footsore. What's to become of me ?' * Nobody answered this very natural enquiry. "And he was fond of me once. Never cast my nose in my teeth, like the others did." " It wonld have -been a physical imjHHsibility," said the Professor, as he contemplated thc abnormal size of that more than sufficiently prominent feature, "Why didn't he bully me?" she wailed. " Why didn't he thrash mc a* I deserved 7 Why did he go away and ] cavc IMe a lonely widow I know he meant to kill himself." "Fudge!" said the Professor, "I didn't mean to do anything of thc sort." "And I. was so proud of him," sobbed Mrs Wayne, to thc pitiless moon. "So proud of him, though I didn't dare to let hi :ii see it. I never met a man of his fize who could os« such big words, and he was the only man who ventured to take me out sleigh- driving when I was a girl." " It - it was a KM thing to do," said the Professor, in a pleased whisper. "AnI what I'll do without him to worry at, I don't know," deplored Mrs Wayne, with a fresh outburst. " He was sncli a lamb." "Gratifying, very," remarked the Professor. " 1 haven't had anything to cat for hours, and I can't get oat." She bot(1(J roand .. Secras to me. I «»„ suiell meat somewhere. P'raps it's Indians )_] don' t „, re. ni club (hc M r tbttvVe mU:n l„m—the I , , * poor lanili : She iifted a big sapling from tbe ground, and prepared to set forth on her errand of destruction. " NolJe woman !" said thc Professor, his heart swelling with pride. " I'd like to see the Indians who'd stand up against her. She'd clear out the camp." Mirandy laughed silently, as the Professor advanced towards his wife, plate in hand. " Sophronisba," he said majestically, " I bring yon food." Sophronisha screamed, and let fall her club. " It's you, is it 1 " she said ungraciously. " Put it down. I thought you'd be somewhere about here." The Professor reflected that site was only disseinhiing her joy with an outward show of indifference. " Yes," he said, " it is I," and put the plate by her side. For some minutes thc Professor affected to be scrutinising the surrounding scenery. When he again faccd his wife, the platter was empty. " Help me . np," she said sternly. " I'm going home. Tvc had enough of this foolish ncss." The Professor did not stir. "Goodnight," he said coldly. Mrs Wayne sat down on the ground wUb starUing saddenncss. „ j - jn >- gLc said The p^go,. a,, a; n agsistcd her to .. l>arfon me ;f l don t ^ understand you. Wc had a little difference of ol,;- i<m t||is mornillg. i think we may take it as arranged. If not If not ?" Here you stop," and he moved towards thc shadowy trees. Mrs Wayne's heart quailed. Sheconld stand death, but she was afraid of ghosts. The spirits of dead trees had haunted her for hours past. *' Von misunderstood mc,"' she said. " 1—1 came after you to explain." " And Fraser goes back to town tomorrow ?" " Ye-cs," very reluctantly. The Professor turned upon her fiercely. Woman," he said, " I will not extort anything from your fears. Years ago 1 loved yon—years ago; and now, we. husband and wifc, have trodden d iffcn. nt wavs> sundered. drifted apart. quarreling, and bickering, and hiding our chains out of sight. God knows it has not been my fault. Have I ever denied you anything ? Have I ever doubted or mistrusted you ? And now —and now," his voice rang ont in bitter scorn and angnifch, " you want to sell our daughter to that hoary old millionaire, aud blight her young life as yon have blighted mine." She knelt at his feet. lie put his han(is before him with a gesture of abhorrence, as if to shut her out from his sight. " And wo ^once iovod," he said. Loved! Can yon imagine it 1 I was I to become famous, you were to help me. I We were to go through life hand in hand. Have we done so !" She made no answer. Only crouched j still lowfet at his feet, as if to bide her face from his sad, accusing eyes, " Why should I appeal to yon ?'* he said, " why ? Come, we w.ll go back to the old slavery, die old quarrels, tbe old bitterness, till death do us (art. Break Cynthia's heart, break mine. It doesn't matter. You have already rained our lives. Come! But Mrs Wayne, weeping, clung to bis»knecs and begged for pardon. She humbled her pride In thc dust, and there in tbe shadows cast bj Ihe pines, with the moonlight streaming .down upon them; thcro, amid the hush of the dewy night, hushand and wife came togeUier again. Torn, dusty, dishevelled, disfigured, »«««indeed unsighUyjbut there was that withm their IwartB which banished all thoughts of mundane thmgs. for ever the t^nrni <>f the pust ; vanished all doubt, mjmm, distrust. ^ Ukmthm, «» h« hcart and healedjhem• w.tl. magic touch. TheiPtatadf w f loon mm,i be many weaiy miles before they reached the spot where the Professor had startei; in the morning. Then she disappeared, and the Professor an I his wife sneaked np to their rooms without attracting observation, When the Professor came down stairs again, bis first impulse was to find Cynthia and tell her all about the day's adventures. He discovered her watching for him on the verandah. Cynthia did not appear to be at all anxious, hot looked charmingly cool and composed. ' Sit down, papa," she said, as she rocked idly to and fro. The Professor was hurt. " Aren't you just a little bit unfeeling, Cynthia ?" he enquired. " We might have been murdered, and yet you sit there with a book in your lap, as cool as a cucumber." Cynthia laughed. " Itcckon you ain't no Sunday school slouch from the Four Corners," was all she said. The Professor staggered back against.1 thc house. ... " , ,,, , Miranda ! he cried. ,. Yes, dad, answered Cyntfua demurely. " I wasn't going to let you oldPEOPLE lose yourselves BO I dressed J„ I, ^ " ' "I"'. " . J y " r t .„ I > on : said tile 1'rotessor, you 1 Vcs. dad. The bush is only five miles across, and you and ma have been jjomg in a circle for hours. ~ I knew ~ I evcry inch of it. It's done motherhood. Had, if you ever betray me, I'll Whit 7" asked the Professor. Pin^yer," said Cynthia. Then she j liung li. r arms round the Professor's! neck and kissed him softly. *' Is—it 1 all right now. dad '!" she asked. ' Vcs - said the Professor. "^Henceforiii I mean to assert 1'ro-fess-or-r!" called a well-known voice. "Come in to supper!" And they went in. 