B mona the Spirits. EXPERIENCES WITI A CLAIlIVJYANT. "Gil Bias," who is not unknown to the readers of this journal, contributes the following interesting account of an interview with a clairvoyant to the Sydney Echo :-There is a spiritualist, or someone who pretends to holdcommunica tion with the spirits, in nearly every street in Sydney. Some are clumsy and others are clever imlpostors, who fleece their superstitious clients, and perhaps often dangerously afitect their lives. This is the "consultation" in a weird form, which cannot easily be put down by the Government. Here is my experience with a clairvoyant whom I met the other night in Sydney. "Does Madame X. live here I" It was a medium's house, frequented daily by all sorts and conditions of people, and the woman who met me at the door might have been a witch from "Mac beth." "Do you want a private interview I" "Yes." "Sit down then; she is engaged." After waiting patiently for half-an hour, I saw some ladies leaving the house. I then noticed a woman leaning over the balustrade. " Are you Madame X 1" ", es." "Could you put me on with my mother-in-law I" She led me into a little room. The only furniture was a small table and a few chairs. THE ePIRITS. She beckoned to a seat, and then, fixing her eyes upon me,said, "I can do nothing for you. This is a serious matter. If you want to communicate with the spirita you must be in a reverential mood." "I will try to be serious, madame. But, tell me, how came you to be a spiritualist I" "I did not go afterthe spirits,"she said, with a hollow chuckle. " I was dying; the doctors gave me up; and then the spirits came, and'savedmy life I" "Do you see them 1" "Of course I do. If I did not, do you believe I would be here 1" "How do they look, madame Are they naked or in white robes i" "That depends upon their state in the other world." " I SEE YOUR GRANDFATHER.L" She then turned down the gas, until the room was almost dark. Our two figures as we sat at the table-I with one leg on the other, and my hand under my brow; she leaning back on the chair with hej head bowed, and her eyes closed-. threw ghostly forms upon the wall. "I see your uncle," she said--"no, your grandfather. He is short and old, probably eighty; he has a bald head with a little hair on the crown. There is a tall lady crossing the room-a woman whom you have never seen. He has papers in his hand relating to some family affair." "Will he live long i" "No; there's a coffin at his aide. He's in England." My hair stood on end, my hand touched hers, and a horrible sensation ran through my body. MY VOCATION. "At present," she continued, "you are unsettled. You would make a great medical man, for you have unbounded sympathy with nature." She then repeated the words of the spirits. "Take up medicine immediately. You must leave Sydney." "Don't say that, madame." "I cannot help it. The spirits around you say so. There is no money todetain you, and all your friends are unfaithful in Sydney." "Really ! That is too bad ot them. But wheremust I go Am I tobelike the Wandering Jew " "You will get some letters in a few days; two will contain sad news, and the other will offer you an opening in a mercantile business,perhaps inAuckland. I can see, too, men there who are pro moting your interest." On this oocasion she sadly missed the mark; I have no friends in New Zealand. " Am I destined for the softgoods line?" "No; the shipping. You are a good business man." "You are wrong again, madame. But do the spirits allow me no other option i" "Yes; literature. You are mixed up in literature now. I see a paper opened before you. You would succeed as an editor. But it will not pay. In this line you will be offered a responsible position before the end of the year." A WABsNIG VOICE. " Do not enter Parliament," she said in a warning voice., "Great changes are being brought about, and we are on the eve of a terrible revolution in England. I see coffine surrounding the throne. It would be folly for you to throw your life into the political vortex; so keep away from Parliament." "WHEN BURALL I MAIRRY I" " When shall I marry, madame ?" "Not for many years. There is a woman near you, with black hair. You know her, and she will be your wife." "Does she love mel" ," Yes." \- I turned round to kiss her, but alas I she was not there. L? Has she property, madame " 1 said, somewhat disappointed. "Yes, I see you surrounded with houses, which will be part of the dowry. You will be a very respectable member of society." "'Indeed ! By the way," I said, "is the girl handsome ?" "Well, I cannot say. She is very sensible. There is a dark- haired man with her; don't trust him. He is hF?r father. And who is the stout woman T'?" "Hold !" I shouted, standing up. "Don't speak like that of the girl's parents." She begged of me to keep still, and, becoming calm, I said: " How many children are wc likely to have I" "I cannot say." " That's a pity; but sha!l we le happy, madame 1" "Yes, though you have an uphill hattle to fight. You will be successful, and then lose all, but fortune will come again. You must succeed before she cousents to marry you." "Ah!" "Yes. You will be mixed up with mining." "Not if I know it." UNFAITHFUL FRIENDS. "There is a friend of mine in B. who has written to me for money. Shall I lend it I" "No; if you do, you will never get it back. I am positive of that; I feel a wave-" "Enough !" I said. "There is another man far away from here who writes to you. I see him hustk ling about. Beware! He will use you while you are of service to him." 1 hope that if my friends see this, they will lay aside their evil intentions. Heaven knows I will meet troubles enough from other sources. APPARITIONS. "There is a man standing at your side now," she said solemnly. I started up. "He is out of the body." "What does he want I " "His voice is weak; but he says that you should return to England at once-- at once, mind you-and you will find an opening there. You will entera University." " Who is this spiritual messenger I" "He has now vanished. He was a man of about forty-five-very active." This must have been my poor friend F. Peacetohis ashes! "Your grandmother is in the room." I turned my chair round; there was a loathsome oppression in the atmosphere, and the shadows danced upon the wall. "She is dressed in the old fashion, with a little bag in her hand. She must be dead many years." "Send her back to her grave," I ex claimed, choking. "Can it be possible that my grandmother's ghost has followed me to Australia I " ALICE, ALAS ! "I hear voices. Who is George I Have you a sister named Alice 2" "Yea" "Do you wish to speak to her " "Cettainlv. What are you doing down here, Alice " "Where I am still in -?." "Oh; how are the Murphys 2" "Thesame as usual. Are you quite well 1" "Very wellindeed, Alice. Good night." "Good night." This brief conversation was conducted with the utmost gravity, but I must acknowledge that I have no sister named Alice. "I am carried away to another house," said the medium. "There is a lady here with a candle, in her hand. She is moving about the house. It is your mother. She is now speaking to your sisters. She intends to write a letter re questing you to leave Sdney." TaE TArtO'aS esaO. "I now see a dark man." " It must by my tailor, the Jew." Perhaps; there is no blood relation ship between you." " No; but he once threatened to spill my blood." " You are in a spirit of levity, sir; and Tam exhausted." She then opened her eyes, turned up the gas, and lit a candle. THE BLACK ART. "Have you many cliente, madams 1" " Yes; people come to me to seek ad vice in regard to business." " How much do you want for all this?" " PFive shillings." I gave her four; and she took up the candle and .led me out of the room, her parting words being, "If you take the advice of the dead, you will go to England." Some of her descriptions were faithful; but, as she blundered frequently, it was probably all nothing more than clever guesswork. It is easy to understand, however, how many simple people, sitting for an hour or two in a dark room, can be deceived by the Black Art. And it is not merely simple people alone who are attracted towards the mysterious side of spiritualism, for no amount of learn ing appears to be able to remove super stition from man's nature. Kepler had faith in astrology, Descartes made a pil grimage to Loretto, and, says Huxley, "all the learning and acuteness of Henry More did not prevent him from enthusiastically backing another very acute and accomplished person, Glanvil, in his battle for the truth of the silly story about Dcemon of Tedworth." 