"It is for the, last tie," she wis pered....., , D]umbly..eyes.told eyes .this was the truth. Always..inevitahle it had- come' stllast.' 'After nigJi't bore' sueis to lIe no future in common. As yet neither has said the, word that each is think ing of. t ,. .. ,"Good-bye I tA ,little word 5tol Iolh so'm h of pain. To forget l" A short sentence to illustrate the impos sible. "Not' yet!" A prayer for re, prieve. "The end!" A futureles, hour which embracesiPast and Present. "The rose is dead," says he, as a show er of petals fell at his feet. Me'chat',. cally removing, the broken stem` fr-'m his button-hole, he added-"and-the word is said.?', . } "It has "been a most sweet chapter in our lives,"said- sh;- with-aownoast eyes... -i ' Z7 7K SI would not'have missed t;" eplied ' he-"though we may never add-" .,"To be continued." And a tear stole softly over her cheek Each had lijgered, loth to turn the last torn leaf., 1 Soon nothing would be left of what had been alL Alas! That the books of men's lives should be writ tenin' the sand, and that the tideisof the years. leave not even a trace. -'A strange, emptiness fills . the night. Other nights shall come ghost-haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances-of sweet replies to old immortal questioning . She stands beside him, her lips quiv ering with agodn suffered for his sake. His-eyes-are filled-with pitying tears for ~wo'broken lives-their own. :Alas! r the 'ights 'brimming with happy ilences under the stars. The shaded jamp is burning out. The hour has some. ,-Words arepoorfthings. . "Did I bring my cane?" And his trembling hand reaches into a shadowy borner., "Yes; here if is," replied she. "Good night.".. 'Good ?ight." Each knows that it is a good-bye. A caress. A sigh. A sob. The door closes. His rapid footsteps are ppeedily lost to herlistening ear. Yes, it is over. The darkness swallows him from ight A murky flash. He is lighting s cigarette. And she? SShe ,slowly, rearranges her ruffled bangs ash she murmurs, with a yawn: "I wonder what. time. he'll come up to-morrow night!" They have bid each other an eternal farewell before.. 