BEO AD BRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. A wedding took place here two weeks ago which has furnished gossip for a fort night for the actors and actresses on the Eialto, which is the precinct on Union Square between Broadway and Fourth Avenue, where actors most do congregate. No wonder that they gossip; no wonder they were excited, for no such marital experience ever'fell to the lot of any other person since the world began, as that which forms ah interesting part of the history of Anne Hindle. I She is an Englishwoman, now aged about fifty, and has been engaged in second and first class variety theatres nearly all her life as a male impersonator; she is not uncomely, but there is nothing feminine about her features; she drinks and smokes, and she has worn men's clothes so long that they become her better than the garments of her own' sex. Prom long association with men and a careful obser vation of the manners she has acquired an easy swagger which gives her the air of a fast young blood out on a tear. Miss Hindle came to this country about a quarter of a century ago, and her male impersona tions became all the rage. She travelled from city to city, making a mint of money, and while playing an engagement in the West met an English variety actor named Vivian. It was love at first sight, and after an exceedingly brief courtship they were married. But if the courtship was brief the honeymoon was briefer. Mr. Vivian left his bride the next morning after the wedding and never saw her after. The loss of her new-found husband evidently made no serious fracture in Miss Hindle's or Mrs. Vivian's heart, for she did not go into mourning or offer any reward for her missing hubby, but went right on making engagement after engagement, raking in the ducats, more popular and admired than ever. Poor Vivian was the founder of the " Benevolent Order of Elks," one of the most popular orders of its kind in the country, but he derived no benefit from the institution, and after he left Anne Hindle took to drinking and died some years ago in extreme poverty in Lead ville, Colorado. Miss Hindle seemed to abandon all society and devoted herself to her profession and money-making. She was constantly attended by her maid-a very pretty Irish girl named Atrne Ryan. One night while in the west, at the conclusion of the per formance, in company with Miss Ryan and a male friend, dressed in one of her perform ing suits, the party called on the Methodist minister of the town, who, after the usual questions, pronounced Charles Hindle, as she called herself, and Anne Ryan, man and wife. The affair was a nine days' wonder. The pair behaved themselves with so much decorum, were so quiet, and appeared so affectionate and considerate of each other, that they won the respect of everybody who knew them, and in Jersey City where they lived they were thought well of by neigh bors, who could never understand the strange connection between them, but made no impertinent inquiries. In January last Anne Ryan died, and a more disconsolate husband was never seen by the death-bed of a wife than Anne Hindle. Her grief affected the entire company when she declared that she had lost the best friend she had in the world. At that time it looked like dollars and cents that she would never find another; therefore it was something of a surprise, not to say a shock, when the announcement was made that Anne Hindle had led a second bride to the altar on Sunday, June 26, not six months since her first wife Anne Ryan had crossed the Jordan. It is certainly a remarkable experience-one husband and two handsome wives for the same woman. She appears to have sounded all the depths and shoals of matrimonial experience. Perhaps as Shakespeare remarks: " There is in it something more than natural if philosophy could find it out." There have been two remarkable gather ings here this week. The Rabbinical Con ference and the Association of Christian Endeavor, representing the oldest and new est forms of religious thought. The difference in the character and make up of the two councils was as marked as the principles which had called them together. The Jewish council was made up of grave, learned men, deeply versed in the lore of the Talmud and the Pentateuch, called together to consider the advisability of removing the ancient landmarks of Judaism, which have guided the sons and daughters of Israel since they went forth in the wilderness three thousand five hun dred years ago to follow the cloud and the pillar of fire. The Jewish church has ever been slow to proselyting; the Christian convert has not been sought after. If he or she came in good faith, and after. care ful examination the Rabbi found that it was a genuine love of Judaism that induced them to renounce the Christianreligion and embrace the ancient faith, they were accepted, but if any doubts existed as to genuineness of their conversion, they were at once rejected. The principal question before .the council will be the dispensing with the Abrahamic rite in the case of con verts ; this and a number of other impor tant questions will engage their attention. But as in the case of the Christian church, there is a division among the Jews; one branch being under the lead of Rabbi Grofcthiel, of the Temple Emanuel, on Fifth Avenue, one of the most learned and pro gressive teachers on the continent, if not in the world. He is a man of the most liberal and advanced thought, and a great favorite with all classes here. He and a number of able Jewish teachers are not in sympathy with the present conference which assembled here this week. But if the Rabinnical council represented the past-the association of Christian En deavor was a startling revelation of the ever living present. Not less than 20,000 or 25,000 came down upon us on Tuesday and Wednesday last, cramming the incom ing railroad trains and crowding the hotels. ' They came from every state in the Ameri J can Union, and they all wore badges of which they seemed exceedingly proud; many had on half a dozen, and the grater their number the prouder they seemed to feeL In the twenty or twenty-five thousand visitors there were many hard and earnest workers, but with the great body of them it seemed like a country picnic; they came to see New- York on account of the reduced excursion rates; they came here to have a good time and they had it. They crowded the street cars and were not at all slow to inform the riders that in North Dakota, Iowa and New Mexico, gentlemen, if they wuz gentlemen, didn't let ladies stand in the fceers. There was not much that escaped these active evangelists in this wicked city. Quite a number found their way to Koster and Bial's, and I presume were inexpres- ; sibly shocked at the performance of Mons I Dufour and Mile. Hartley; many found their way to the roof garden, on top of the great building in which their meeting was held, and while a nimble young creature with about as brief vesture as mother Eve, kicked up her little heels to a stunning, Boom ta ra, Ta ra boom ta ra, the vast auditorium below re-echoed with grand old coronation, and what a wonderful saviour.^ On Friday they crowded the town, evi dently bent on sight seeing. Central Park was a great attraction; they visited the monkey honse and enjoyed it. It was novel and interesting, for monkeys are not plentiful in Wyoming and Colorado. They enjoyed the lions and the bears, the eagles, and other natural cariosities. Many went to the museum of natural history, and all found their way to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Hans Markhart's great picture pf Diana's Hunting Party was not received with unqualified _ favor. One young Christian endeavor said they ought to be ashamed to go about without their clothes, and her escort remarked that if they caught 'em going about that way in Ingeanny that they'd put 'em in the lock-up. One young saint "who came on here as a delegate, William B1. Powell, of Indianola, came to griftf almost as soon as he landed in New York, He was looking about for an hotel, but wherever he applied they were full At last Mr. Powell started out and meeting two nice young -women, offered them a dollar each to pilot him to a hotel. Our young women who travel the streets at night are not safe pilots for young gentle men from the country, and this Mr. Powell soon found out. The young ladies pro posed a drink, and unfortunately for him self, Mr. Powell did not refuse, although he was a Christian Endeavor. Thepartystarted out to search for a hotel and feeling tired sat down upon a door step, then the young ladies began to be unduly affectionate, and before he could cry Jack, much less Robinson, his pocket book with his watch and sixty dol lars were gone, and the two alluring syrens were flying down the street. Mr. Powell from Indianola forthwith raised a terrible outcry, and this startled the police, one of whom took a hand in the race and captured one of Mr. Powell's pilots, but not the one who had the money. They then went for the other and found her at home, and on searching between the mattrasses found Mr Powell's sixty dollars all safe, and in the street discovered h is pocket- book, which the thief bad thrown away, with his rail road ticket and his appointment as a delegate to the Association of Christian Endeavor. To his great astonishment he was committed by the magistrate to the house of detention as a witness, and there he may lie till the new year, if some of our sharp criminal lawyers adopt theii usual tactics and bail the girls, then stave off the trial month after month, so that the thieves go free and the man who was robbed is imprisoned. This is rather a severe experience for an ardent young Christian Endeavorer, but my advice to any of my country friends visiting New York is, if you want to find a hotel, don't take for a pilot any of the young ladies you meet on the siaeet. It is not safe; indeed, it is not; don't try it. The meeting has been a revelation; many very distinguished people took part in it no less than two members of President Harrison's Cabinet, John Wannamaker, the Postmaster-General, and Mr. Foster, the Secretary of the Treasury, assisting in the exercises; though one of the brightest stars of the occasion was our own Chauneey M. Depew. Some of the Young Christian Endeavorers brought their Kodaks along, , and on Friday I found four middle- aged ladies and two girls around a Kodak, engaged in taking a photograph of the house where Doctor Parkhurst saw the ghost dance. There were representatives from every quarter of the globe-a native Alaskan, one from China, one from Japan, and a distinguished native missionary from Bombay. The enthusiasm has been at fever heat all the week, many of the churches throwing open their doors to receive the overflow meetings. Of course, in such a large number of people, drawn from every portion of the globe, there were some very queer? The self-assertant woman with the blue cotton umbrella, ready to paddle her own canoe through a cyclone, was not absent, and the severe looking old maid with green specks," a book of reports of foreign missions, a guide to New York, a notebook and a hand satchel, was ever present, ready to help the cause along. The Association of Christians did well to come to New York,-they will not find between here and Alaska or Bombay more fallow ground for the seed they may cast abroad. For here are representatives from every country on the face of the earth. On Friday fifteen hundred found their way to Coney Island; they tried the hobby horses, took a round in the boats, went to see the elephant, climbed up the tall tower, and took a go among the naughty shows of West Brighton, and went back to New York that night fully convinced that the Christian Endeavor had not arrived in town any too soon. They will have much to tell when they get back home of the hairbreadth escapes they have had from Abbadon to BeliaL They have had a good time, and so have we, and I am happy to say that New York is bettered by their visit. With the kindliest remembrances we bid them aw revoir, and if ever they see fit to yisit us again they.may rest assured of a hearty welcome. The sympathetic strike of the paviors which has now lasted fourteen weeks, has utterly collapsed and the men, half starved, are now clamor ing for work. These paviors had no thing to complain of; they were receiving four dollars and fifty cents a day for eight hours work. When the granite strikers were locked out in New England, these men quit work in New York without a moment's warning, leaving our streets m a horrible condition, but they did not care, so long as they could spite the contractors; but they have paid a heavy penalty for their fun. They are heavily loaded with debt; their families are starving, and now they are begging for work. 