ffi^lea . @aeE SBsetc&esa; THE GREAT GRILL - STREET 'CONSPIRACY. By Sib GiiiBEkt Campbell., Obai-teb, ' xu.~opfosing forces, (oon ' li ' TINTJED. ) . . , ; ' ? ? ???' ;1 'My goodneaa. ' me, Rhoda ! you look like ja real ghpBt-' exclaimed ,Aunt Dorothy, as - the/young- girl entered; the draw ing-roomrin thevlifccle house in Bays. water. 'If that, is ?: what you call-going upstaira and lying down to get rid ; of a headache, all I can say is that the cure has^inade you look worse than the ache did. ' You're as pale as the statue of that proud Misb Joan of Arc over there, and-' your eyes have got great black circles aa if you had dipped your fingers in the ink * bottle and,, tubbed them round them. *No,' continued the good lady, reflec tively/ ''Foin'o advocate for young people going and 'laying down for headaches in ifle nnddJe 01 tne day. The only one I ever knew benefit by it was Ann Higgins, you know dear Mrs Samuel Higgins' daughter. Mrs : S. you know, dear, had been a confirmed lunatic for years, owing ' to -a, fright at seeing a mad bull toss an Italian organ, monkey and all, .through ino; wiuuowa 01 a nam ana Deer shop, and' as for Ann, it naturally was an ad vantage, for she was subject to fits, and then- she went to lay down and to get them over quietly, and . so not give any trouble to anyone ; but after all it didn't do her any good, for she got her head under the grate in one of them, and almost rubbed the nose off her face trying to get it out. No, Rhoda, I really don't hold with laying down for headaches.'' SVeryjwell, aunt,' answered Bhoda, who had listened to the extraordinary anecdote without a symptom of a smile upon her face, ' I won't do ao agaia if you-'-'do not think it advisable. By the _ way, ,you dear old soul, I do not believe you-hava had your usual after luncheon nap, and you will be ill next, dome, come,' 'settle yourself in your arm ohair , and I will play you to sleep.' ? ( Aunt Dorothy would have protested 3that Bhe had not the slightest inclination to sleep, but her niece would listen to no denial:. She shook up and arranged the cushions in her aunt's favourite arm chair, placed her feet upon the footstool, and then seating hetsolf at the piano began to perform a slow Boothing melody, exerting -it the same time all her will power to lull !ie old lady into a state of Blumber. o-day, however, Rhoda was weak and . topressed, whilst Aunt 'Dorothy offered -.in unusually powerful opposition to her niece's desires, and it was fully half an hour ; before the old lady had began to nod, and she sank into & sound sleep, which certain sounds projeoted through the nasal organ informed, her niece ;of when the wished for state had been arrived at; ? : , 'At last !' murmured the girl, wearily, as Bhe rose from the; piano ? 'at 'last I have time to think over the terrible scene that I have witnessed. When I went up to my 'room I -was so strongly impressed that something was hanging over David's 'head that— I suppose by the exoroise of my will— my soul again separated. Jtself from my body, and I onca again floated away to my lover's presence.,. I found him weak and dejeefcedj an;dl whispered into his ear some ofhis recent doings,' ' ' and'endeavoured to impart ' to his poor', mittd a recollection of the .eyentjf which this-bad-nian had forded him'To Forget, and urged .upon him the necessity :of, remaining no longer beneath the same1 roof with the terrible being who hail obtained so complete a maBtery over him. To my intense joy, after a brief struggle, he shook off his irresolution, and putting on Ms bat sallied forth In quetst of fresh apartments. I followed him unseen to Couch Ferry Bow ; he, met some man who endeavoured to claim acquaintance with him,: but David utterly repudiated him, and went on to Rbehampton Row, There he wns on the point or ringing at 8 house, over' the doorway of which there waB a notice of aj irtmehts to be let, when I suddenly Baw i iin change colour, and stagger baoka'pee. After a moment's pauae'he was agii.h about to approach the door,but;the same invisible pbwerseemed to ?.'draw ^.': him'; back, 'and. hailing' a cab 'he^ 'ordered the driver to take him back-, to Great Grill-street. In visible alike to him and. all others I was with him, and after reaching it he ascended at once to the room of the being who .invisibly held the threads of his destiny in his pitiless hands. Directly he entered this man began to address him in the harshest manner, and told him that it was vain to hope to escape from the.net in which he was, meshed, i I folt at once 'thai; the only safeguard ? between ?David . arid' destruction had . been, placed . in my nau'ds, and that I stood, in front of' -our: declared: enemyi 1 roused up all my energiest.'fof.the strife, Vand.-^ determined. 'tO'^see 'whose will was the strongest,' 'that of this poor girl who had but just dis covered^ the hidden power that she pos sessed,' 'Vir that of Kim who had exe'f ciaed it for.years.;. The contest, -however, .was an uneqAal'^one, for mine* was a mere first, essay, whilst,,his, was the. result of, yeafs_bf .sfudyjindj;_experience; ; jNeyer-. theless I made a good fight for it, and more than on^e made Oraddock Lipth- * waite, for I fe&d; his ?name? in David's note, falter in !ihis;bpBitipri;- He full; Well knew that there' was an influence' 'con- tending with h'iin well t ni(^h as strong as his own; flashes like lightning shot. from his eyes, and the mighty brain that regu lated his actions throbbed and 'heaved! with the intensity that lie putfqrth to gain his end. I waB beaten, .but, he had-; achieved no easy victory ; land ?? faint' and ? weary my spirit reeled away to seek rest |nd repose within the body which' it had' Abandoned for a time,-; just faVDayid^rBrs eived; the order to set' 'ouWon^an errand1 o the squalid Marsbgate-street,... whither, had accompanied him the first time that j had contrived to emancipate ,my*soul from its earthly home. Full fain would, I have accompanied him, but I.was^ex-' hausted by the severity of the first coh- 'test w^h-sa will superior in -power, to;, my cjwn, anxUall iny effo'sts'1 tb; thro w?imyself ygain into a trance were fruitless! Fof ?tunately, a complete regolleotion vof^ all,, that had passed during my -spiritual existence yet remained?' Names, places, and all are still indelibly imprinted upon mv metnorv. and the onlv ouestion is how I can best utiliaeC'the :l!inf6rmatioh I post sess. Poor, oldv Aunt Dorothy, though the dearest creature in.the;^orldj- wojilcL instantly go into fitB if I told ! her the story, worse Btill, would- believe1 that my mind* was -affected, and send for that simpering^old idiot Doctor Penrose Skif fington, in whom she has such unbounded faith. I am quite alone in the world, who can I apply to for advice and assist ance in this terrible dilemma in whioh I am placed V ; She sat down by the table, and resting her head upon her hands, endeavoured to find a solution to the question that she had put to herself; the excitement,- how- ever, of the past fen hours had been almost too much for her, and her over taxed mind refused to answer the call made upon it. She was still busily engaged in debating this question, when a sort of half-hysterical snort startled her, and looking round she perceived that Aunt Dorothy had just awoke from her slumbers. ? ? ? ' ??.:??-;?? ' ' Bless me, my ohild,' exclaimed . she pettishly, ? how could you let me go to sleep so soon after Juncheon ; I declare I have had a frightful nightmare, though, how one can have nightmare in the day time, is more than I can imagine, and seems pas* all reason/ '...'. , , . ; 'Have you had a nasty, dnam, my poor dear,' replied Rhoda, coming up to the old lady's chair, and passing her hand caressingly over head, ' tell me all about it;' , ..? ?? . ? . ..-?:?;? : 'The strain had been so great, that for a moment she was glad to drop into the world of common place once again, and therefore strove to interest herself in her aunt's vision. ... .. V , : ': 4 Itwas simply awfulj' answered Aunt Dorothy, sitting bolt upright in her ohair, arid preparing herself for a long and accurate narrative. 'I/was riding, my dear, in a yellow hansom cab with green wheels— — * : : ? ; ? ?['?Ah, that is because you have' been reading that wonderful Australian bookj' interjected /Bhoda.: . ,; ? r;v ^ ?:?::.-- ?'-' i'. And 1 was driving down the,' walk;!by the elephant's house in the -Zoological Gardens, when a man, or rather. I should say a gentleman, came up to me holding David Aclrtria in his mbuth.? ''] ? i '?' . j' What ! ' exclaimed Bhoda, corisider ably surprised, '??'?'?''.'you met a' gentleman walking about the gardens witK my poor David iu. his. mouth f;really,- aunt .dear, jhat ; is too absurd'! ' ,'. '. - ':';'' ' .'. f ',\ ''.' ' t.1 '': ? ?'It is as Laay, and the popr fellow kept calling 6ut ', Rhoda, Rhoda, Save me,' in .the moat heartrending aocents,' continued Miss Dorothy/'; ? ^V'-- ???U r-: .-????:???,, The girl began to listen more atten tively, the imminent peril ia whioh-David certainly was seemed strangely reflected in the old lad} '« manner. 'Well,1 went on Aunt Dorothy, 'all of a sudden the gentleman's clothes seemed to vanish, and it was a great roar ing Bengal tiger «. that had got that poor David in his great red jaws, and I could Bee his cruel teeth buried in the dear lad's flesh.' Bhoda clasped her hands, the dream had too terrible a significance now for her to be at all inclined for laughter. 'Go, 6d,' she mused hoarsely, 'goon.'., ' 'And then who should come up but your father's dear old friend,. General Warmington, who very properly called a policeman and gave the tiger into cus tody, and then I woke up.' \ ' But what became of David 1* asked Bhoda, anxiously. ' Bless the child, don't JI tell you that I woke up. t can't go on dreaming all day long to tell you what became of your dear David,1 returned Aunt Dorothy with an injured air. . ' There was a Bilence for a few; moro^ntH, which was broken by Rhoda, who ex olaimed in accents of the deepest emotion —?How sillyJ have been ; ,why of course General Warmington is the mari.' ?' : ;; ? '.Of course.he'waB, ididn't Itellypu so?'1 ?anawered her- aunt ;-' but, it strikes me th'at'you have not Vieen paying ariyattea tion to what I Baid. Young folks are too apt hot to take notice of -what theirfelders7 say ; but loan tell you that there is a great deal more in dreams than you fancy; Why, how often have. I tpld you .about Mrs; Squibton, who dreamt 'three times running 'of the wofd^Pbtosi^'and' luckily for her, 'r'emembere'd-;''it''*;w&en-;^Bhe woke ' ', Was itathingvthatbroughtYher good fortune f'asked' Rhoda, abisently* : '?* Wellr it's how you' like.^atake it,' re plied the old lady complacently. 'Her husbahd was a city man, and when she told him^ hfc'put all their money into the Pbtbsi Gold Miriing Company, Limited, which turned put a regular swindle, and never, paid; the shareholders a penny.' ' I dont see that that was a very lucky omeni1 returned Rhoda with a faint smile. t i /, Wait-until you; hear j-the end,' an « a'we'red her aunt witti-a 'tinge of severity fin.her tone... 'Of course the Squibtons lost aU'their money, and their friends had to come forward and send thenvawav to New. Zealand ; but listen, now, Rhoda, nine yeara after that, a horsii'called Potosi wori^the Derby !' . V1*.., . ?^1Oh^howvnice,' said Rhoda; ? and of ,'course;.'Mrv Squibton ''' had betted on' his winning, aiad'Jhe gbt/baokallrhis fortune .V ' Well, not exactly,' returned her aunt, ? forybu- Bee Mr,S,quibtoiv;had died two years before that 'happened, and his widow had married » converted Maori Chief; who had turned missionary, and .knoTuaed after servibeUo drink:.'fuml and beat her. :. but; there,, that has, nothingrto dp. with myatpry, 'and I hope, dear, tKat it will teach you never to undervalue drea'ms;'SgairtJ' 3' .:? '.c :r: ..rx ...... Certainly not,' aunt,' -said -Rhodaj going up and kissing her, as she mur mured to herself— 'I will go and see the dear old general tp-niorrow.' V {To beVontirvued.') '-.?'.'..-. ?'? - ? ? ♦ » ' ' ' ' ? - ? ' :? ? 