IVIY UjVIOLE'S GHOST. BY TTBANOIS F0OTB. Ono rainy evening Imt weak I lounged into my unda's bachalor n|inrtments at tlio botel for a talk and smote. Ono of my uncle's hobbles was to bu surrounded at all times by young mon (mid, indeed , ho Boomed littlo niora than n boy hliincll in feelings, although bo had pnuod his llftleth blrtlntay. And we wers nil devoted to ' thu major,' as wa called him— I belleva that was big title, during tbo war, There »'a- no one so willing to offer » helping- hand when v.'u wero In a collcgi serapii; no one Who would loan money so run- lily wlum nn allowance full short) there was no onu with such a riiu.l of expnrlonccB frum which tu draw for aiuubliig or thrilling talcs) ami then hln wines and cigars wora uuiuiricnclmblc, On this ii-irllcular evening I found him Btrntcbed out hofuro the lire, his eyes fltud rnll.icllvoly upun tlm oelllug, as ho blew liiiLto linm of smoku from 'i[s nlno. » How nra you, Tom 1' ha oald, Inzity | 'you'vo Bnvud ma from mvnelf by coming in, Itlias been such a nnstysirt of a day.aii'l an otenlng like this 1 always mupe, and think ot m.v fjbost.' ' Your Blunt?' I echoed. ., ' AVhyi y« j you know I liavb the plennuro ot owning ono. D.i you mean that I havo never told you tbe story ?' I say 'No,' emphatically, and tho major's faca grew raillant with tho anticipated pleasure lor tho ono thing which ho enjoyed above nil others was a good story told by him self ; nnd they wcro always good. ' Order whatever you wish, Tom,' ho said, 'I'll toko a drop of brandy straight, aud you will find the beat elgara ou the tup ilielf,' ' At lost we woro comfortably Eoltleil. and alter n preliminary swallow of brandy be began, 1 It was about fifteen years ago, nnd I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go rik'lit through as they do now, nnd stopped oftcnor. It might liavu been llva o'clock In tbo evening, nnd wo had one more nltriit to ride, when the train becan to alow up, finally atopplng 'at n small station, and a young ' Tire soata wero pretty well occupied, anil whon ahe reached me, slm asked if she might have the other half of mlnu, Of course 1 Slid 'Yes.1 Thero was plenty of room, and sno only bad a bit ot n bag with her. ' You knotv I never was much ou women, but I can tell n. pretty ono when 1 seo her, and a lady. She wan both, although her dress was plain and black, nud herglovcs 1ml been neatly mended in sovcrnl phees. I had a nnmbsrof bookB nnd papers, tbe moat en tortnlulnu' of which I offered her, nud when Bhe thanked mo, her voice w.-is this sweetest I have heard— low soft nnd musical. ' By Jovo I' said tho major, excitedly, cj he reached for the brandy, 'I know that woman would sing with bcr whnlc soul ; boo couldn't have helped it with Hint voice. ?' Wall,' ho continued, ' 3bo took up a hook, hut shu didn't read mucli ; just turned tbo pages a,t random, and sijli*.! sottly to herself «vcry little while, in if Mie were un happy or lu trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. ' ' t am sorry,' he said j ' you should havo telegraphed. We are very full, anil there is nothing but an upper one left, You would liken whole section?' ?'I would,' she replied ; ' although a, lower berth would do. You are suru you caunot ac commodate me ?' '? ' I'm sorry, miss, but I don't soo how,' and tbat burly conductor dlilsom aorry, out of sympathy, on be Baw the troubled expres sion in tbe glrl'a face. ' Then 1 spoke,— ''I havo a whole seclioa to myself,1 I laid, 'r.nd I always prefer tho uppLr bor'.h ; so if you will take the low I Bhall be most hnpiiy- to resign It to yon.' This was n lie, for I bad never slept in ono before, but Bho was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. 11 1 shall never forcct tho glanco sho gave me. 1 bad not noticed bcr eyes before, but now they lit up her whole fnce. Tbuy woro a deep violet, nlinnst purple, with dark denths. nuil thick blnck lanbea which cast ihmlows on her pale cheeks. Yea, sho was very pale, you would have called beriil until you saw her lips, which wcro like a strip of icarlet on tbo Bnow. Another thing I noticed Km a liny sear, which looked as if it bad been ma.it: l,y some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. ' I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but oltiiiiu_-h aim nnswered mo pleasantly, she said nuthiuu by which I could discover who she wan, where eho waa going, or why sho was travelling alone. 'Just before it was timo to make up the berth sho grow very nervous, twisting nnd untwisting her hands, and tnppingher foot. She glanced at me once or twice, hat to all appenrnnecs I was deep in my book. ?? ' I've got to do it,' I beard her say in the, faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe -he knew that she ipoko aloud, bo occupied was she with her own thoughts. ' In a few moments she spoke again, still talking to hersslf,— ' Tuoy must never find him about me, It would spoil all, and I would never—' ?'I lost tbo next two words, but thoy BUU I1U(JU lltVQ U18 rlWU UllUt tillU BCUIUVU awara then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly nt me, I turned a pn^eof my book and settled back farther into my corner. Then she opeued her little bag and took from it n picture. As near as 1 could make out it wns tho likeness of an aristocratic young man with bluo eyes arid smlllug lips. 'She looked r.t It for obont fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it fervently under cover ot her handker chief. 'After that, she covered it witli both bands, cave one littlo sob, and then began to tear that picturo into inch bits. '?Ah, nh, a lover's quarrel I' I thought; and yet it didn't scon like tbat. It was to* serious ; like a parting forever, ' In n little while she turned to me. Bhe wns pnler than ever, and tbe old scar was brighter. ''Will you please open tho window?' the asked, ' I have something to throw 'illlil as Bhe wished, and she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. Sbe drew a breath ot relict. ''.2to«r thnt Is over tho nlit will bs comparatively easy,' she said tits tlmo to me. 11 ' What will he easy,' I ventured. 11 ? l'ardon mo for speaking my thoughts t a stranger,' she replied. ' I suppose 1 mean life will be cosier while wo live, and death ' ' Life '-1 nlways be cosy for one aa young ru - ? .elf,' 1 said, gallantly. ' She turuol her beautiful eyes toward me again, nnd her glance was like a Bbock from s, battery. In their depths I Baw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowly,— ' ? Life to bo easy must be Bwcct. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on ths 1 has boeri\' ' ton sweet to last ; but nmr— well, all will be right in tho future, I have no fear.1 Aniline turned nwny. ' After tluU I cjuM only make her speak In monwvlhblf*. 'Atlrut tbiit whole car full hart settled down for the night II) frv and gain tho littlo rest which might bo Iftund. Everything was tolcrabl-- quiet, iui'1,1 shut my eyes and tried not tn notice the j r of the train, or the occasional groan of tho t ngino. » There was a littlo, st rarely, pole Novem ber mn,.n, which gavo rr i n chill as I looked at It, and made mo I nasino all sorts of creepy tbtnes. I thong it 1 heard a stilled nigh unco or twice from the berth below7 I evou Miimed tu iriKa A-vfaint, uujiluiumut V'/ A' 'T Oatm ? *'#'«i'wruii_nr tm . ./ ? ? i v- /* aotlvo, nnd as I wns nu old traveller I wns vory much njlinmed nf inyiclf, ?? When anally I did sleep a little It was to dream of a frightful nccident, in willed that pale, yellow moon and I had n haii'l-to-hnnd fight lo soo which of us uhould save tbo pretty girl, ami during our struggle she had icon crushed undor the car, N ' I hiuj Imnurtnnt IjiuIiimo a tew etntionj tills side of ChlcHtro, hut 1 had niado up my mind tbnt I would have a littlo talk with tliu young ln.dy hofuro I left thu car. In U:j morning when 1 umo 1 wont to the front platform for Bomu fresh air, When 1 enlurcd the cur again nlrnost all my followpassim gum wero visible, but Hint boith under mine was juil aB it bad been all night, tbe girl Imi! not yet appeared j could shu hu ill I 1 'on very near my stopplngplaco— I could not go without saying good. by. The porter prunnl through, t called lo him mid lulil him that thoro was a Inly in tint berth who had not yotbcoii heard frum. Sho might bn sick. 'Iiowciitlo tho berth directly, and male ono startled exoliuiutlon, Tliu passmigi-rs began to orowil nrumid. Thoro she lay, the lnahes resting thick nn her checkB, her lips still that wonderful ilnsli nf red, but her face wns like nmrhlc, bcr haiidi wcru ice, .and her heart— nh I then wns no action tbcre, Shu was dead I ' U. her aide was n bnltle half-flllcd with laudanum, which showed thnt sbo had taken her own Ufa, ' I dlil not wait tor anything more, to hear tho crlliulBini nud the questions as to who Bho wm, nnd ivhy slm did It. I juot took ona long, pnrting look, nnd touclicd her prcttr brown b.ilr ; then 1 went uut to tliu platform again, and remained thereuntil I reached my station.' The major auiofccd violently for a few moments. 'Hut whore docs the dioat como In?' I asked nt length. ' Tho ghost 1' ho s.-ild, with n aufficslton of possiun in bi:i voice, wliicl, I had never beard there before; 'she Is the ph'wt. Her pile face, black tlresi, mill violet eyes, bnve haunted mo moro or has ever sine,:. I cnu hear her sweet, musical voice nt plainly to day, when I will allow rnyac-ir. :u Idid then, anil itwai flllcou je.-mni;''. Theru isa place In my heart now fur those poor little mended gloves, which were In themselves a pathetic itory. ' I am iiereronduty nt night Unit she does not stand before mo witli lli.it little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until f rcacb out my arms to touch her, then sho vanishes, nnd I kniw It was— you will say an Illusion, n fancy— I call it her ghtist. 'How many tlrnps have 1 wiihcd that in some way I bad gained possession of that man's picture-. I would Imio pasted them together IE It hail taken half n. lifctlnrj and then I wutild lmvo fouuil him. I would have revenged that poor ylrl for tbo wrong lie hnd done. Yes, wrong; for 1 know that In sonio way he livl driven her to her death, l'er hatH tliat is wliy I liava never marrtel, I can't tell. 1 only knnw tbat I lmve nercr jut met n women wlio coultl bo to mo wliitt her memory Is ; nnd I saw bcr but nice ; sbe wai not even n n:-.rno in me ; of herself, her churacter, 1 know nothing, aud I_nul called a 'And yet, boy,' bo exclaimed, turning to me, bia face gray with |-rniinn,'I am happier nn a dark, Htormy night like this, In the nniJMiict o£ uoniiiijf humo to bu with licr^ ipirit, bur memory, if you will, than I Bhould he if I know anolhnr, a real woman, was waiting- to lling soft, arms nbnut nij- neck, to kiss mo -wltli tendurest Him. 1'otRivo me, i'nm ; I seldom sprakof my own fedings nud ?:mtitlo:«, but pcrhatx now you cai faintly luitcistniid how much reality then; can be ?ven in a ulioxt.' The majur bad gained complete control ot -.imself oucu more, nutl wiu nodding Rtioil. hiimnredly over ills pipe as if romance, '.-onicu and lie had always been, as they slwajs would ho, stranger*. 