NICGK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER V.-(CO.TINUtED.) In the meanwhile, Roland also was pro paring for slumber; and finding, as indeed ho couldlnotaroid seeing, that the hospitality of his host had placed the males of the family under the necessity of taliung their rest in the open air on the porch, he insistedupon passing the night in the same place, in their company. In fact, the original habitation of the back. woodsman seldom boasted more than two rooms in all, and these noneof the largest ; and when emigrants arrived at a station, there was little attempt made to find shelter for any save their Women and children, to whom the men of the settlement readily gave up their own quarters, to share those of their male visitors under the blanket-tents which were sprosd before the door. l'hu, to men who had thus passed the nights for several weeks in succession, was anything but hardship: and when the weather was warm and dry, they could congratulate themselves on sleeping in greater comfort than their sheltered companions. Of this Forrester was well aware: and he took an early period to communncate his resolution of rejecting the un manly luxury of a bed, and sleeping like a soldier, wrapped in his cloak. with his saddle for a pillow. In this way, the night proving unexpectedly sultry, he succeeded in enjoying more de!ightful and refreshing slumbers than blessed his kinswomanin her bhd of down. The song of the katydid and the cry of the whip poor-will came more sweetly to his oars, from the adji:cent woods ; and the breeze that had stirred is thousand leagues of forest in its flight, whispere i -ver his cheek with a more enchanting music thiu it made among the chinks and cran nies of the wall by Edith's bedside. A few idle dreams--recollections of home, mingled with the anticilpntel seenus of the ifuture, the deep forest, the wild heast, and the lurking Indian amused. without harassing, his sleeping mind: and it was not until the first grey oc dawn that he experienced any interruption. ie started up suddenly. his ears still tingling with the soft tones of an unknown voice, which hnad whispered in them, " Cross the river by the Lower Ford-there is danger at the Ui per." IHe stared around, hut saw nothing; all was silent r'uund him, save the deep breathing of the sleipiere at his side. " Who spoke ?" he demanded in a whisper, beut receivedmo reply. " River-Upper and Lower Ford-danger ?" -he muttered : ,' now I would have sworn some one spoke to me : and yet I must have droeamei it. Strange things dreams- thoughts in freedom, loosed from the chain of associta tion - temporary man- tlts, undoubtedly marvellous impressions they produce on the organs of sense ; see, hear, smell, taste, touch, more exquisitely without the organs than with them. What's the use of the organs P There's the poser-I think-I-" but hero he ceased thinking altogether; his philosophy having served the purpose such philosophy usually does, ald wrapped him a second time in the arms of Morphous. He opened his eyes al most immediately, as he thought; but his morning nap had lasted half an hour; the dawn was already purple and violet in the sky, his companions had left his side, and the hum of voices and the sound of footsteps in and around the Station, told him that his fellow exiles were already preparing to resume their journey. "A brave morrow to you, captain !" said the commander of the fortress, the thunder of whose footsteps, as he approached the house with uncommonly fierce strides, had perhaps broken his slumbers. A frown was on ,his brow; and the grasp of his hand, in which every linger seemed doing the duty of a boa constrictor, sepoke of spirit up in arms, and wrestling with passion. " What is the matter ?" asked Roland. " Matter that consarns you and me more than any other two persons in the etarnal world!" said Bruce. with such energy of utterance as nothing but rage could supply. " Thar has been a black wolf in the pinfold alias, as they used to say at the court-house, Captain Ralph Staskpole; and the end of it is, war I never to tell another truth in my life, that your blooded brown horse has abequatu. lated I" " Absquatulated !" echoed Forrester, amazed as much at the word as at the fierce visage of his friend-" what is that ? Is the horse hurt ?" " Stolen away, sir, by the eternal Old Scratch ! Carried off by Roaring Ralph Stack polo, while I, like a brute, war sound a-sleep ing! And h'yar's the knavery of the thing. sir ! the unpronounceable rascality, sir ! I loaned the bruteone of my own critturs, just to be rid of him, and have him out of harm's way ! for I had a forewarning, the brute, that his mouth war a-watering after the new beasts in the pin-fold, and after the brown horse in partickelar ! And so I loaned him a horse, and sent him off to Logan's. Well, sir, and what does the brute do but ride off, for a make believe, to set us easy; for he knew the brute if he war in sight of us, we should have had guards over the cattle, nU night long ; well, asir, down he sot in ambush, till all were quiet; and then ho stole back, and, turning my own horse among the others, as if to say, ' Thar's the beast that I borrowed,' it war a wonder the brute war so honest i-picked the best of the gathering, your blooded brown horse, air! and all the while I was sleeping like a brute, andleaving the quest in my own house to be robbed by Captain Ralph Stack pole, the villain !" " It it be possible tofollow the rascal " said Roland, giving way to wrath himself, " I must do so, and without a moment's delay. "I would to heaven I had known this earlier." " Whar was the use," said Bruce ; " whar was the use of disturbing a tired man in his nap, and he a guest of mine, too ?" "The advantage would have been,' says Roland, a little testily, " that the pursuit could have been instantly begun." " And war it not ?" said the colonel. " Thar war not two minutes lost after the horse war missing, afore my son Tom and a dozen more of the best woodmen war mounted on the fleetest horses in the settlement, and galloping after, right on thebrute's trail." "Thanks, my friend," said Roland, with a cordial grasp of the hand. " The horse will be recovered " " Thar's no denying it," said Bruce, " if a fresh leg can outrun a weary one ; and besides, the brute war not content with the beet horse, but he must have the second best too, that's Major Smalleye's two-year.old pony. He has an eye for a horse, the etarnal ekirmudgeon ! but the pony will be the death of him ; for he's skeary, and will keep Ralph slow in the path. No, sir; we'll have your borown horse before you can say Jack Rolbinson. But the intolera bility of the thing is, that Jack Stackpole should steal my guest's horse, sir ! But it's the end of his thieving, the brute, or thar's no snakes ! I told him Lynch war out, the brute ; and I told the boys to take car' I war not found lying; and I reckon they won't forget me ! I like the crittur, that's no deny ing, for he's a screamer among the Injuns; but there's no standing a horse-thief ! No, sir, thar'e no standing a horse-thief " The only consequence of this accident which was apprehended, was that the march of the exiles must be delayed until the soldier's horse was recovered, or Itoland himself left behind until the animal was brought in; unless, indeed, he chose to accept another freely offered him by his gallaut host, and trust to having his own charger restored on some funture occasion. lie was himself unwillieng that the progress of more than 100 human beings towards the long-sighed-for land of pro mise should be delayed .a moment on his account; for this reason, he exhorted his nominal superior to hasten the preparations for departure, without thinking of him. His first resolution, in relatiou to his own course, was to proceed with the company; leaving his horse to be sent after him, when recovered. He was loath, however, to leave the highly prized and long-tried charger behind; and Colonel Bruce, taking advantage of the feeling, and representing the openness and safety of the ro?ad, the shortness of the day's journey (for the next station at which the exiles intended lodging was scarce twenty miles distant), and, above all, promising, if he remained, to escort him thither with a band of his young men, to whom the excursion would be but an agreeable frolic, the soldier changed his mind, and, in an evil hour, as it afterwards appeared, consented to remain until Brown Briarema wasbrought in-provided this should happen before midday at which time, if the horse did not apper, it was agreed that he should set out, trustinu to his good fortune and the friendly zeal ohis host, for the future recovery and restoration of his charger. Later than midday he was re solved not to remain; for, however secure the road, it was wiser to pursue it in company than alone; nor would he have consented to re main a moment, had there alppeared the leasf imp?ediment to his oitingthe companions ol his exile, before nightfall. His measures were taken accordingly. His baggage-horses, under the charge of the younger of the two negroes, were tent on with the band; the other, an old and faithful slave of his father, being retained as a useful appen dage to a party containing his kinswoman, from whom he, of course, saw no reason to be separated. To Edith herself, the delay was far from being disagreeable. Itpromimed a gay and cheerful gallop through the forest, instead of the dull, ploddin.g, funeral-like march to which she had been day after day monotonously accustomed. She assented, therefore, to the 270) arrangement, and, like her kinsman, beheld, in the fresh light of sunrisu, without a sigh, without even a single forboding of evil, the de parture of the train of emigrants, with whom she had journeyed in safety so many long and weary leagues through the desert. They set out in high spirits, after shaking hands with their hosts at the gates, and saluting them with cheers, which they repeated in honor of their young captain; and in a few moments the whole train had vanished, as if swallowed up by the dark forest. CHAPTER VI. Within an hour after the emigrants had set out, the sky, which had previously been clear and radiant, began to be overcast with clouds, dropping occasional rains, which Roland scarcely observed with regret, their effect on the sultry atmosphere being highly agreeable and refreshing. They continued thus to fall at intervals until 9 o'clock, when Roland, as he eat on the porch debating with Bruce the pro babilities of their continuance, was roused by a shout from the outer village, and looking up, he beheld, to his great delight, Richard Bruce, the second son of his host, a lad of sixteen, ride into the enclosure, leading in triumph his recovered charger. "Thur's the brute, strannger!" said he, with uncommon glee. "lie war too hard a horse for lalph's rid-looking; and I reckon if he hadn't been, you wouldn't have had him so easy, for he's a peeler at a run, trot, or gallop, ho is, I tell you! It's bad luck for Stackpole to be flung by man and beast two days hand running-first by Tiger Nathan, then by a stolen crittur!" "I Tlar, father, you're too hard for me," replied the youth; " but I'll tell you all I know on it. You needn't look at his legs, Captain, for they're as sound as hickory; the crittur's a bit worried with his morning's work, but that's nothing to speak on." The lad's story was soon told. The track of the horse.thief had beet: followed through the woods, and it was soon seen, fromn its irregularity, that he had made an unlucky selectton of beasts, both being so restive and reobellious, that it was obvious he had found it no easy Imatter to urge them along. A place was found where lie appeared to have been thrown by Blriarous, which he seeeicd after wards to have pursued, mounted on the pony, in the vain hope of reotaking the mettlesome charger, until, persuaded of his inability, or afraid, from the direction in which the animal had tied, of being led back again to the settle. ment. His track, after abandoning the chase, was as plain as that left by the war-horse, and was followed by the main body of pursuers; while Richard and two others taking the latter, be had the good fortune to find and recover the animal, as he was solacing himself, after his morning's adventure, in a grassy wood, scarce two miles from the station. What had become of Stackpole, the lad knew not, but had no doubt, as the added with a knowing look, "that Lyneh's boys would soon give a good account of him; for Major Smalloye war as mad as a beaten b'ar about the two-y'ar-old pony." "Well," said the father, "I reckon the brute will deserve all he may come by; thar's no use in mourning him. Thar's as good Injun fighters as hlo left in Kentucky, tlhar's the comfort; and thar's no denying men will be much easier about their horses." With this consoling assurance, in which Roland saw implied the visitation of the 'deadliest vengeance on the head of the offender, Bruce proceeded to congratulate him on the recovery of Brown Briareus, and to intimate his readiness, after the animal had been allowed a little rest, which it evidentlv needed, to marshal his band of young nmeu, and conduct him on his way after the exiles. But fate willed that the friendly intention should never be put into execution, and that the young soldier should go forth on his pilgrimage unat tended and unprotected. Within the space of half an hour, the clouds which seemed previously to have discharged all their moisture, collected into a dense canopy, darkening the whole heaven, and rumbling with thunder, that became every moment louder and heavier. Then came gusts of vyind, groaning through the forest, rattling among the dead limbs of the girdled trees, and whist. ling over the palisades of the fort. These were succeeded by louder peals of thunder and vivid flashes of lightning, which continued and increased until the tempest, for such it was, burst in fury, discharging delugesof rain, that fell with unremitting violence until an hour or more after midday. Tisis was a circumstance which, as it neces sarily deferred the moment of his setting out, caused Forreoster a little uneasiness, but he soon came to believe that he had reason to congratulate himnself on its occurrence, since it was scarcely possible the band would continue their journey in such a storm ; and, indeed, Bruce was of opinion that the day's march would be ended on the banks of the river one of the principal forts of the Salt-but little more than ten miles from his Station; where, if the exiles were wise, they would pitch their camp: waiting for the subsidence of the waters. This was a point that Roland might be expected to reach in a ride of three or four hours at most; which consideration not only satisfied him under the delay, but almost made him resolve to defer his setting-out until the following morning, that his kinswoman might have the advantage of sleeping a second time under the shelter of a roof, rather than be com pelled to exchange it for the chill and humid forest. It was while he was balancing this thought in his mind, and watching with a gladdened eye the flash of sunshine breaking through the partedclouds, that a shout, louder than that which had proclaimed the recovery of his steed, but of a mournful character, arose from the outer village, and a horseman, covered with mud, reeking with rain, and reeling in the saddle with fatigue and exhaustion, rode into the furt, tollowed by a crowd of men, women and children, all testifying, by their looks and exclamations, that he was the bearer of alarming news. And such indeed he was, as was shown by the first words he answered in reply to Bruce's demand, " what was the matter ?" " There are a thousand Indians," he said, " Shawnees, Dolawares, Wyandots, Mliamies all the tribes of the North-laying siege to Bryant's Station ; and perhaps at this moment they are burning and murdering at Lexington. Men, Colonel Bruce ! send us all your men, without a moment's delay; and send off for Logan and his forces; despatch some one who can ride, for Ican sit a horse no longer.' " Whar's Dick Bruce ?" cried the Ken tuckian; and, the son answering, he.con tinned. 0 Mount the roan Long-legs. you brute, and ride to Asaph's, in no time. Tell Cunnel Logan what you h'sr, and add that before he ca draw girth I shall be, with every fighting man n my fort, on the north side of Kenteky. Ride, you brute, ride for your lifoe; and do you take care you come alang with the Cunnel; for it's timoe you war trying your hand at the Injun top-knot. Ride, youbrute, ride!" "Wah-wah-wah-wah!" whooped the boy, like a young Indian, flying to obey the order, and exulting in the expectation of com bat. "Sound horn, you, Samuel Sharp!" cried the father. "You, Ben Jones, and some more of you, ride out and rouse the settlement; and some of you, hunt up Tom Bruce and the Regu. lators; t war a pity they hanged talph Stack pole; for he fights Injuns like a wolverine. rellall them that ar'n't ready to start, to follow at a hard gallop, iid join me at the ford of Kentucky; and them that don't find me thor, lot them follow to Bryant's, or to anywhar whar thar's Injuns! Hurrah, yen brutes! whar's your guns and your horses ?P your knives and your tomahawks? 'If thar's a thousand Injuns, or the half of 'em, that's meat for all of yelou. Vhar's Ikey Jones, the flfor. Let's have Yankee-Doodle and the Rogue's March, for, by the etarnal Old Scratch, all them white Ien that ar'n't a horseback in twenty-five minutes, are rogues worse than red Injuns ! Hurrah for Kentucky !" The spirit of the worthy oflcer of militia i infusedanimation luto all bosoms; and, in an instant, the settlement, late so peaceful, re sounded with the hum and uproar of warlike preparation. Horses werecaughtand saddled, I rifles pulled from their perches, knives sharp ened, ammunition-pouches and provender-bags I filled, and every other step takes necessary to the simple equipment of a herder armny, called to action in an emergency so sudden aund earnest. In the meanwhile, the intelligence was not without its effects on Roland Forrester, who, seeing himself so unexpectedly dosrived of the -prommised escort,--for he could scarce think, ruder such circumstauces, of withdrawing a Ssingle man from the force cal!ed to a duty so important,-perccived the necessity of employ mig his own resources to effect escape from a position which he now felt to be embarrassing. te regretted, for the first time, his separation a from the band of emnigrants, and secamnedoubly anxious to follow them; for if it were trie 1 that so largo a force of Indians was really in the Sdistrict, tnere was every reason to suplpose they \- would, aecerding to their known system of warfare, divide into small partsies, and scatter over the whole countiy, infesting every road and path: and he know not how soon some of them might be found following on the heels of I the messenger. He took advantage of the first symptom of returning serenity on the part of r the host, to acquaint him with; his resolution to Sset out immediately; the rains having ceased, \- -- -- - - a - and the clouds broken up and almost vanished. "Lord, captain," said the Kentuckian, "I hoped you would have been for taking a brush with us; and it war my idea to send a messenger after your party, in hopes your men would join us in the rusty. «WhV- will they have such anothserchanceo? h l: 1 june ready cut and dried for ii . what a fool I war for not settiug sumoen alor Iy that tale of Nathan Slaughter's! I never knowed the bruteto lie in such a case, for, as be is always ramping about the woods he's no good ns a paid scout. Howeomever, the crittur didn't speak on his own knowledge; and that infernal Stackpolo was just ripe from the North side. ut, I say, captain, if your en will tight, just tote 'enm ack, stow away the women behind the logs here, and march your guns after me; and, if thar's half the number of red niggurs they speak of to be found, you shall see an affa'r of a skrimmlgo that will be good for your wholesome-you will, by the eternal I" " If the men are of that mind," said Roland, galiantly, "I am not the one to balk them. I will, at least, see whither their inclinations tend; and that the matter may the sooner be decided, I will set out without delay." " And wo who war to escort you, captain," said the Kentuckian, with same embarrass ment; "you're a soldier, captain, and you see the case!" "I do; I have no desire to weakenyour force; and, I trust, no protection is needed.?' "Not anl iota; the road is as safe us the furrow of a Virginnue corn-field,-at least, till you strike the lower Fords; and thar I've heard of no rampaging since last summer: I'll indamnify you agaeint all loss and mischief-I will, if it war on my salva. tion!" s. If you could but spare me a single guide," said Forrester. "sWhirr's the use, captain? the road is as broad and cl'ear as a turnpike in the Old Dominion; it leads you chock up, right on the Upper Ford, e'sr thur's safe passage at alny miomsnest; but, I rockon, the rains willt uad it look a little wrathy a while, and no fetch your people to a standstill. lut it's a pot soon fill and soon enlty; and it will be low enough. in the morning." "The Upper Ford ?" said Roland; his dream, for so be esteemed it, recuerring to his mind : " is lthere then a Lower Ford?" " Ay," replied Bruce; "but thar's no passing it intlhe freshes; annd, besides, the place has a bad sunule. It war thar old John Aslhburn pitched his station, in '7S; but the savages made nusrdering work of him, taking overy scalp in the company; land so it makes one saee like to pass thar, and the more particularly that it's all inatteral flue ground for an ambush. You'll see the road, when you're six mile deep in the forest, turning off to the right, under ns shivered beechttree. You are then four miles from the river, or tharabouto , and just that distance, I reckon, from your company. No, captain," he repeated, "the road is wide and open, aned a guide war more lumber on your hands." This was a point, however, on which the young soldier, doubly solicitous on his kiss womasn's account, to avoid mischief, was not so easily satisfied; seeing which, the Kentuckian yielded to his isportunity,-perhaps, somewhat ashamed of seteriing his guests to depart en tirely alone,-and began to cast about him for some suitable person who could be prevailed upon to exchange the privilege of fighting Indians, for the inglorious duty of conducting wayfarers through the forest. This was no easy task; ad it was not until lie aessned his military authority, as commander of all the en rolled militia-men in his district, empowered to make such disposition of his forces as he thought fit, that he succeeded in compelling the service of one of his reluctant followers, under whose guidance Roland and his little party soon set out. Their farewell was briefly said; thean argentnaturo of his duties leaving the hospit able Bruce little opportunity for superfluous speech. He followed them, however, to the bottom of the hill, grasped Roland by the hand; and, doing the same thling by Edith, as if his conscience smote him for dismissing her with so little ceremony and such insumnliient atten dance, he swore that, if any evil happened to her on the road, he would rest neither night nor day until he had repaired it, or lost his scalp in the effort. With this characteristic and somewhat ominous farewell, he took his leave; and the cousins, with the guide and faithful servant, spurred onward at a brisk pace, until the open fields of the settlement were exchanged for the deep and gloomy woodlands. CHAPTER VII. The sun shone out clearly and brilliantly; and the tree-tops, from which the winds had already shaken the rain, rustled freshly to the more moderate breezes that had succeeded them; andaRoland, animated by the change, by the brisk pace at which he was riding, and by the hopo of soon overtaking his fellow-exiles, met the joyous look of his kinswoman, with a coun tenanco no longer disturbed by care. And yet there was a solemnity in the scene around them, that might have called for other and more sombre feelings. The forest into which they had plunged, was of the grand and gloomy character which the fertility of the soil, and the absence of the axe fora thousand years, imprint on the western woodlands, especially in thevicinity of rivers. Oaks, elnms, and walnuts, tulip-troes, and bceches, with other monarchs of the wilderness, lifted their trunks like so many pillars, green with mosses and ivies, and awung their majestic arms, tufted with mistletoe, far over head, supporting a canopy,-a series of domes and arches without end,-that had for ages overshadowed the soil. Their roots, often concealed by a billowy undergrowth of shrubs and bashes, oftener by brakes of the gigantic and oevergreon cane, forming fences as singular as they were, for the most part, impenetrable, were yet at times visible, where open glades stretched through the woods, broken only by buttressed trunks, and by the stems of colossal vines,hanging fromtheboughe.like ablea, orthe armsofanorietalbanyan; while theirluxuriant tops rolled in union with the leafy roofs that supported themi. The vague and shadowy pros pects opened by these occasional glades, stirred the imagination, and produced a feeling of solitude in the mind, greater perhaps than would have been felt had the view been con tinually bounded by a green wall of canes. The road, if such it could be called, through this noble forest, was, like that the emigrants had so long pursued through the wilderness, a mere path, designated, where the wood was open, by blazes, or axe-marks on the trees; and, where the undergrowth was dense, a narrow track cut through the canes and shrubs, scare suflicient in many places to allow the pna ge of twohoreemen abreast; though when, asfrequently was the case, it followed the ancient routes of the bisons to fords and salt licks, itpreented, as Biruce had described, a wide and commodious highway, practicable even to wheeled carrtiaces. The gait of the little party over this road was at flrst rapid aud cheery enough, but by-and by, having penetrated deeper into the wood, where breezes and sunbeams were alike un. known, they found their progress impeded by a thousand pools and sloughs, the conso quences of thie storm, and stretched from brake to brake. These interruptions promised to make the evening journey longer than Roland had anticipated; but he caught at intervals the fresh foot-prints of his eomrayes in the soil, where it was not exposed to the rains, and reflected, with pleasure, that travelling even at the slowest pace, he must reach the ford whereo he expected to fud them encamped long before dark. Ho felt, theraforo, no uneasiness at the delay, nor did he think any of those obstacles to rapid progress a cause for regret, that gave him the better opportunity to inter change ideas with his fairklnsewoman. His only concern arose from the conduct of his guide, arough, darkviseaged mans, woas had betrayed from. the first moment of startisg a sullen countenance, indicative of his disinclina tion to the duty assigned him, which feeling evidently grew stronger the further he ad vanced, notwithstanding sundry efforts For rester made to bring him to a better humor. He displayed no desire to eoter into conversa tion with the soldier, replying to such ques tions as were directed to him with a brevity little short of rudeness; and his smothared exclamations of impatience whenever his deli cate followers slackened their pace at a bog or gully, which he hlad timself daaew d through with a manly contempt of mud and mire, domowhat stirred the choler of the young cep They had, perhaps, followed him a distance of four miles into ths forest when the occur rencs of a wider and deeper pool than ordinary producing a corresponding delay on the part of Roland. who was somewhat averse to plung. tug with Edith up to the saddle-girths in mire, drsw fromn him a very unmannerly, though not the less hearty, execration on the delcacy of " those thar persons who," as he oxpreuned i., " stumped ata mud-hole as skeerily as if every tadpole in it war a screeching Injeem." Of this explosion of ill- temper Roland -took no notice until he had, with the aesistance of Emperor, the negro, effectel a safe passage for Edith over the puddle, in the course of which he had leisure to observe that the path now struck into a wide buffalo street that srept away through a wilderness of wood and casio-brake, in nearly a straight line, for acon siderable distance. He observed, also, that the rand looked drier and lees brokm than usual, his setisfaction at which had the good effect of materially abating the rage into which he hadbeen thrown by the uncivil bearing' of the guide. Nevertheless, he had no sooner brought his kinswoman safely to land than, leaving her in the charge of Emperor, he galloped up to the side of his conductor, and gave vent to his indignation in the following pithy query : p'th ue friend," said he, " will you have the goodness to inform me whether you have ever lived in a land where courtesy to strangers, and kindness and respect to women, are ranked among the virtues of manhood1" The man replied only by a fierce and angry stare; and, playing the ribs of his horse with his heels, he dashed onwards. But RToland kept at his side, not doubting that a little more wholesome reproof would he of profit to the man, as well as advantageous to his own in torests. "I ask that question," he continued, "be. caue a man from such a land, seeing strangers, and one of them a female, struggling in a bog, would, instead of standing upon dry land, making disrespectful remarks, have done his best to help them through it." 'Straunger," said the man, drawing up his horse, and looking, notwithstanding his anger, as if he felt the rebuke to be in a measure just, "I am neither hog nor dog, Iujun nor out landish niggur, but a man--a man, etraunger I outside and inside, in flesh, blood and spirit, jest as my Maker made me; though thar may be something of the scale.bark and parslmmon about me, I'll not deny; for I've lheor'd on it before. I axes the lady's pardon, if I've offended: and thar's the esend on't." "The end of it," said Forrester, " will be much more satisfactory, if you give no further occasion for complaint. But now," he con tinued, Edith drawing nigh, "lot us ride on, and as fast as you like; for the road seems both open and good." " Stranuger," said the guide, without budg. ing an inch, "you have axed me a question; and, according to the fa'r rule of tilhe woods, it's my right to ax you another." "Very well," said Roland, assenting to the justice of the rule: " ak it, and be brief." " Vhat you war saying of the road is tree: thar it goes, wide, open. cl'ar and straight, with as good a fence, on both sides of it, to keepl in stragglers, as .war over-made of ash, oak or chestnut rails,-,tbough it's nothing but a natteral bank of cane-brake: .and so it runs, jest as cl'ar and wide, all thi way to the river." "I am glad to hear it," was the soldier's reply; "but now for your question ?" " Hy'ar it is," said the man, flinging out his hand with angry energy: "I want to ax of you, as a codger, for I've heer'd you're of the reggelar sarvice, whether it's a wiser anud more christian affa'r, when thar's In jouns itn the laud, a murdering of your neighbors' wives and children, and all the settloment's in a screech and a cry, to send an able-bodied man to fight them; or to tote him off, a day's journey thar and back agl'n, to track a road that a blind man on a blind horse could travel, without axing questions of anybody? Thbar's my ques tion," he added. somewhat vehemently; " tid now let's have a sodger's answer !" "My good friend," said Roland, a little offended, and yet more embarrassed, by the in terrogatory, " noue can toll better than your. self how much, or how little, occasion I may have for a guide. Your question, therefore, I leave you to answer yourself. If you think your duty calls you to abandon a woman in the wild woods, to such guidance as one wholly un. acquainted with them can give, you can depart as soon as you think fit; for I cannot" The guide gave him no time to finish the sentence. "You're right, etrannger," lie cried: "that is your road, as plain as the way up a hickory, b'aring to a camp of old friends and acquaintances,-and hy'ar is mine, running right slap among fighting Injuns ?" And, with that, he turned his horse's head, and, flourishing his right hand, armed with the ever constant rifle, above his own, and uttering a whoop expressive of the wild pleasure he felt at being released from his ignoble duty, he dbshed across the pool, and galloped in a moment out of sight, leaving Roland and his party confounded at the desertion. "An outlandish niggurl" muttered old Emperor, on whom this expression of the guide had produced no very favorable effect; " guess the gemman white man is a niggur himself, and a rogue, and a potater, or whatsomover you call em! Leab a lady and a gemmann lost in the woods, and neither take 'em on nor take 'em back!--lor-a-massy !" To thishalf- soliloquisedexpressionof indigna tion. the soldier felt inclined to add a few bitter invectives of his own ; but Edith, treat ing the matter lightly, and affecting to be better pleased at the rude man's absence than she had been with his company, he abated his own wrath, and acknowledged that the deser tion afforded the best proof of the safety of the road; since he could not believe that the fellow, with all his roughness and inhumanity, would have been so base as to leave them, while really surrounded by difficulties. lie remembered enough of Bruce's description of the road, which he had taken care should be minute and exact, to feel persuaded that the principal obstructions were now over, and that, as the guide had said, therewns no possibility of wandering from the path. They had already travelled nearly half the distance to the river ; and, to accomplish the remainder, they had yet four hours of daylight. He saw no reason why they should not proceed alone, trusting to their good fate for a fortunate issue to their enterprise. To return to the fort, would be only to separate themselves further from their friends, without ensuring them a better guide, or, indeed, any guide at all; since it was highly probable they would find it only occu pied by women and children. In a word, he satisfied himself that nothing remained for him but to continue his journey, and trust to his own sagacity to end it to advantage. He set out accordingly, followed by Edith and Emperor; the latter bringing up the rear in true military style, and handling his rifle, as if almost desirous of findingnn opportunity to use it in the service of his young mistress. In this manner they travelled onwards with but little interruption for more than a mile; and Roland was beginning anxiously to look for the path that led to the Lower Ford, when Emperor galloped to the van, and brought the party to a halt, by reporting that he heard the sound of hoofs following at a distance behind. " Perhaps-perhaps," said Edith, with a gloam of her eye, shining with sudden pleasure, indicating how little real satisfaction she had felt at the desertion of their conductor " perhaps, it is the soaur fellow, the guide, coming back, ashamed of his misconduct." " WVe will soon see," said Roland, turning his horse to reconnoitre; a proceeding that was, however, rendered unnecessary by the hurried speed of the comer, who, dashing suddenly round a bend in the road, disclosed to his won dering eyes, not the tall frame and sullen aspect of the guide, but the lighter frame and fairer visage of the girl, Tellso Doe. She was evidently arrayed for travel; having donned her best attire of blue cloth, with a cap of the same color on her head, under which her counte nance, beaming withl exercise and anxiety, looked, in both Roland's and Edith's eyes, ex tremely pretty; much more so, indueed, thans either had doomed it to be ; while, secured be. hind the osshion or pillion, on which she rode -for not a joet of saddle had ebo-was a bundle containing such worldly comforts as were no ceesary to one seriously bent upon a journey. She was mounted upon a sprightly pony, whibch she managed with more address and courage than would have been augured from her former timorous demeanor; and it was plain that she had put him to his mottle through the woods, with but little regard to the sloughs and puddles which had so greatly embarrassod the fair Edith. Indeed. it appeared that the exercise which hndinfused animation into her countenance, had bestowed a share also on her spirit; for, having checked her horse an in. etant, and lookeda little abashed at the sudden eight of strangers, she recovered herself in a moment, and, riding boldly up. she proceeded, without waiting to be questioned, to explain the cause of her appearance. Sre had mnet the deserter, shesaid, returning to the station, and thinking it was not right the stranger lady should be left without a guide in the woods, she had ridden after her, to offer her services. "It was at least somewhat surprising." Roland could not avoid saying, "that tha fellow should have found you already equipt in the woods." At this inuendo Telie was somewhat em barrassed, but more so when, looking towards Edith, as if to address her reply to her, she causght the inquiring look of the latter, made still more expressive by the recollection which Edith retained of the earnest entreaty Telie had made, the preceding night, to be taken into her service. "I will not tell you a falsehood. ma'am," she said at last, with a firm voice. "I was not on the road by chance; I came to follow you. I knew the man you had to guide you was unwillingto go: and I thought he would leave you, as ha has done. And besides, the road is not so clear as it seems; it branches off to so many of the salt-licks, and the tracks are so washed away by therains that none but one that Imows it can be sure of keeping it long." "'And how,'*" inquired Edith very pointudly -for in her heart she suspected the little damsel was determined to enter her service, whether she would or, not, and had actually nun away from her friesds for the purpose "how, after you have led us to our party, do you expeot to return again to your friends ' "If you will let ma go with you as far as Jackson's station (the settlement at which it was o iginall defermined the emigrants should pass the night) said the maidenhumably, "" I will find friends there who will take me home; and perhaps our own people will come for me, for they are often vibiting about among the stations." Telio's declaration, made in I tone that con vinced Edith the girl had given over all hopes of being received into her protection, unless she could remove opposition ls the services she could render on the way, pointed out also an easy method of getting rid of her when a sepa. ration should be advisable, and thus removed the only objection she felt to accept the proffered guidance. As for IRolund, however, he expressed much natural reluctance to drag a young and inexperienced female so far from her home, leaving her afterwards to return as she might. But he perceived that her presence gave courage to his kinswoman; he felt that her acquaintanoe with the path was more to be relied upon than his own sagacity; and he knew not, it he even rejected her offered ser vices altogether, how he could with any grace communicate the refusal, and leave her aban. doned to her own discretion in the forest. He felt a little inclined at first to wonder at the interest she seemed to have taken in his cousin's welfare, but by-and-by ie he relected that perhaps, after all, her motive lay in no better or deeper feeling than a meore irlish desire to make her way to the neighboring station (twenty miles make but a neighborly distance in the wilderness) to enjoy a frolic among her gadding acluaintance. This reflection ended the struggle in his mind, and turniog to her with a smiling countenanco he said, "'If you are so sure of getting home, my pretty maid, you may be as certain we will be glad of your company and guidance. But lot us delay no T'Iea girl, starting at these words with alacrity, switched her pony? and darted to the head of the little party, as if addressing herself to do her duty m a business-like way, and there she maintained her position with great zeal, although Roland and Edith endeavored, for kindness' sake, to make her sensible they desired her to ride with them as a companion, and not at a distance, like a pioneer. The faster they spurred, however, the more zealously she applied her switch; and her pony being both spirited and fresh. while their own horses were both not a. little the worse for their long journov, she managedl to keep in frmt. mnin taining a gait that promised in a shurt time to bring the tou the bauks of itle river. They had ridden perhtips ia lsuil in this iisanuer, when a sudden opseniil: in the cane bruok on the right hand, at a pjisi, where stood a hecchltreo, riven by a tIhunadrbelt in former years, but still spreading its shattered ruins in the.ir, convincedl It ?aund that he had"l at last reachedll the road to the Lower Ford, which Bruce had so strictly cautioned him to avoi. \Vhat, therefore, was Ilis surprise, when Telie. having reached the tree, turned at onu?s into the bye.road; loeving the direct path which they had so long pursued, und which still swept away before them, as spacious and uuinter. rupted, save by occasional pools. as ever. " 'Yu are wrong," he cried, checking his steed. " This is the road, sir," said the girl, though in some trepidation. " By no means," said Forrester, " that path leads to the Lower Ford; here is the shivered beech, which the colonel described to me." ".Yes, sir," said Telio, hurriedly ; " it is the mark; they call it the Crooked Finger-post." " And a crooked road it is like to lead us, if we follow it," said Roland. " It leads to the Lower Ford, and is not therefore our road. I remember the Colonel's direction." " Yes, sir," said Telio, anxiously,-" to take the beach on the right shoulder, aeditheou down four miles, to the water." " Precisely so," said the soldier ; "with only this difference (for, go which way you will, the tree being on the right side of each path, we must still keep it en the right shoulder) that the road to the Upper Ford, which I am now travelling, is the one for our purposes. Of this I am confident." " And yet, Roland, said Edith, somewhat alarmed at this difference of opinion, where unanimity was so much more desirable, " the young woman should know best." " Yos!" cried Toli, eagerly; " I have lived here almost seven years, and been across the river as many more times. This is the shortest and safest way." "' It may be both the shortest and safest," said Forrester, whose respect for the girl's knowledge of the woods and ability to guido him through them, began to be vastly dinin ished : " but this is the road Mr Bruce described. Of this I am positive; and to make the matter more certain, if need be, here are horse.tracks, fresh, numerous, scarcely washed by the rain, and undoubtedly made by our old companions; whereas that path seems not to have been trodden for a twelve-month." " I will guide you right," faltered Telie, with anxious voice. "My good girl," said the soldier, kindly, but positively, " you must allow me to doubt your ability to do that-at least, on the path. Here is our road; and we must follow it." lie resumed it, as he spoke ; and Edith, con quered by his arguments, which seemed decisive, followed him; but, looking back, after having proceeded a few steps, she saw the baffled guide still lingering on the rejected path, and wringing her hands with grief and disappointment. "You will not remain behind us?" said Edith, riding back to her: " You see my cousin is positive: you must surely be mis. taken ?" " I am not mistaken," said the girl, earnestly; " and, oh ! he will repent that lie ever took his own way through this forest." "How can that be? What cause have you to say so?" " I do not know," murmured the damsel, in woeful perplexity ; "but-but sometimes the road is dangerous." "Soimtnes all roads are so," said Edith, her patience failing, when she found Tells could give no better reason for her opposition. " Let us continue; my kinsman is wating uas, and we must lose no time by delay." With these words, she again trotted forward ; and Tells, after hesitating a moment, thought fit to follow. But now the animation that had, a few minutes before, beamed forth in every look and gesture of the maiden, gave place to dejec tion of spirits, and oven, as Edith thought, to alarm. She seemed as anxious now to linger in the rear, as she had beeon before to preserve a bold position in front. Her eyes wandered timorously from brake to tree, as if in fear lest each should conceal a lurking enemy; and often, as Edith looked back, she was struck with the singularly mournful and distressed ex pression of her countenance. CHAPTE?R VIII. The symptons of anxiety and alarm affected Edith's own spirits; they did more,-thov shook her faith in the juetco of her kinsman's conclusions. IIis arguments in relation to the road were, indeed, unansworablo; and Telio had offered none to weaken them. Yet why should she betray such distress, if they were upon the right oue ? and wliy, in fact, should she not be supposed to know both the right and the wrong, since she had, aseshe said, frequently travelled both ? These qustions Edith could not refrain ask ing of IRoland, who professed himself unable to answer them, unless by supposing the girl had become confused, as hlie th'sight was not im probable, or had, in reality, been so long absent from the forest, as to harve forgotten its paths altogether; which was likely enough, as she seemoda very simple-minded, inexperienced creature. "But why need we," he said, "trduble ourselves to find reasons for the poor girl's opposition ? Hero are the tracks of our friends, broader and deeper than ever; heore they wind down into the hollow; and there you may see where theo have floundered through that vile pool, that is still turbid, where thoey crossed it. A horrible quagmirel I But courage, my fair cousin; it is only such dificulties as these which the road can lead us into." Such were the exoressions with which the young soldier endeavoured to reassure his kins woman's courage, her own confidnco remaining still uinmoved; althousgh, in secret, he felt somewhat surprised at the coincidence between the girl's recommendations of the bye-road and the injunctions of his morning dream. But while pondlering over the wonder, he had arrived at the quagmire alluded to, throulgh which the difficulties of conducting his cosusl were sufficiontly great to banish other matters foramoment from his mind. Having, crossed it at last in safety, he paused to give easch in structions or assistance as might le needed by his two followers; when Edith, who had halted at his side, sufdenly laid her hand on his arm, and exclaimed, with a visage of terror, " Hark, RolaudI do you hear ? WI hst ithat?" "Heoard him, a.ss!" 'ejaiculatod Emperor, from the middle of the bog, with voice still mere quavering than the onaiden's, and lips rapidly changing from Spanish-brown to clayey-yellow; "heard him, massa! Rockon it's an Iujun! lorramassy I,, "Peace, fool," cried Forrester, bending his looks from thlealarmod countenance of his kins woman, to the quarter whocse had proceeded the sound which had so soddenly struck terror into her bosom. "Hark, Roland I ot rises again !" she ex claimed; and Roland now distinctly heard a sound, in the depth of the forest, to the right hasd, as of the yell oeta human bsing, but at a great distsnce off. At the place which they had reached, the canes and undergrowth of other kinds had disappeared; and a wide glade, etretching over hill and hollow, swept away from both sidesof the road, further than the eye could see. The trees, standing wider apart than usual, wore, if possible, of a more majestic stature; their wide and massive tops were so thickly interlaced, that not a single sunbeam found its way among the gloomy arcadesbelpw. A wilder, more solitary, and more awe-inspir ing spot Roland had not before seen; ancd it was peculiarly fitted to add double effect to eights and sounds of a melancholy or fearful character. Accord ingly, when the cry was repeated, as it soon was, though at the same distance as before, it came echooing among the hollow arches of the woods, with a wild and almost unearthly cadence, the utterance, as it seemed, of mortal , agony and despair, that breathed a secret r horror through the breasts of all. "It is the Jibbenainosay!'' muttered the shivering Telie; " these are the woods he used I torange in most; and they say he screams 1 after his prey ! It is not too late-let us go I back t" " An Injun, maosa !" said the Emperor,, atuttering with fright, and yet proceeding to c handle bhs arms, and to give encouragement c to his young mistress, which his age and a privileged character, as well as the, urgeucy:of 1 the occasion, entitled him to do; " don't be I afraid misele Edie; nebber mind ; ole Em- 1 peror will fight and die for missie, old massa t John's daughter !" " Hit !" said Roland, as another scream t rose on the air, louder and more thrilling thin before. h "It is the cry of a human beiug !" said Edith, " of a man in distress!" h "It is, indeed," replied the soldier-" of a ii man in great peril, or suffering. Remain a here on the road; and if anything-'Nay, if a you will follow me, it may be better ; but let v it be at a distance. If anything happens to t! mo, setspurs to your horses; ,Tolie can at b least lead you back to the fort." t With these words, and without waiting to ai hear the remonstrances, orremove the terrors, t of his companions, the young man turned his a horse in the wood, and, guided by the' cries, b which were almost incessant, soon found him. d self in the vicinity of the place from which si they proceeded. It was a: thick growth of d boeecho, of the colossal growth of the west, b their stems as tall and straight as the pines v of the Alle"hanies, and their boughs, arched a and pendulous like those' of' the oelm, almost tl sweeping thoearth below, over which they cast as shadows so dark that scarce uniything was a visible beneath them, save their hoary and spectral trunk. d As RIland, folluweo by the little party, alp- a proached this spot, thi crica of the unknown, c and as yet unseen, sufforer, fearful even at a a distance, grew into the wildent shrieks of fear, t, mingled with groans, howlis, brokes prayers b and execrations, an.l half.inarticulate exprese n sias. now of fondlingeoutreaty, now of fierce n and frantic commandl, that seedsmel addreseed to .'I a second person hard by. ti A thousand strange and appalling conceits o had crept into toland's mind, when he first heard the cries. One while he almost fancied f, he had stumbled upon a gang of savages, who t, were torturing a prisoner to death ; another ti moment, he thought the yells must proceed o from some unlucly lihunter, perishing by inches in the grasp of a wild beast, perhaps a bear or n panther, with which animnal it was easy to be. el iieve the forest might abound. With such f, horrible fancies oppressing his mind, his sur. prise may be imagined, when, having jdcked his si rifle and thrown open his holsters, to be pre. sa pared for the worst, he rushed into the grove, t and beheld a spectacle no more formidable than p weeas presented by a single individusl,-a man t( in a shaggy blanket coat,-sitting on horseback s, under one of the most venerable of the ceeches, a and uttering those diabolical outcries that had d alarmed the party, for no imaginable purpose, as Roland was at first inclined to suspect, unless b for his own private diversion. n A second look, however, convinced the tl soldier that the wretched being had sufficient cause for his clamour; being in truth, in a , situation almost as dreadful as anylloland had imagined. His arms were pinioned behind his 1 back, and his neck secured in a halter (taken, e asitappeared,froma his steed), by which he was fastened to a large bough immediately above his head, with nothing betwixt hin and t death, save the the horse on which he sat,--a young and terrified banat, at whose slightest start or motion, he must have swung off and b perished, while he possessed no means of re straining the animal whatever, except such as d lay in strength of log and virtue of voice. In this terrible situation, it was plain, he had remained for a considerable period, his clothes and hair (for his hat had fallen to the ground) a being saturated with rain ; while his face, f purple with blood, his eyes swollen and pro. trading from thei'orbits, with a most ghastly look of agonv and fear, showed how often the uneasiness of his horse, round whose body his legs were wrapled with the convulsive energy t of despair, hd brought him to the very verge of strangulation. t The yells of mortal terror, for such they had been, with which he had so long filled the forest, were changed to shrieks of rapture, ,as soon as he behld'lhelp approach in the person of the astonished soldier. " Praised be the Etarnal !" he roared ; " cut me loose, strannger !-Praised be the Etarnal, and this here duinb beast ?-Cut me luose stranngor, for the love of God !" Such was Roland's intention ; for which pur. pose he had already clapped his hand on his s sabro, to employ itin service more humane than o any it had previously known ; when un fortunately, the voice of the fellow didwhathis h distorted countenance had failed to do, and re vealoed to Roland's indignant eyes the authorof t' all his present difmfculties, the thief of the pin- . fold, the robber of Brown Briareus-in a word, li the redoubtable Captain Ralph Stackpolo. d In a moment, Roland understood the mystery which he had been before too exaited to inquire into. He remembered the hints of Bruce ; aind he had learned enough of border customs and principles, to perceivo that the justice of the , woods had at last overtaken the horse-thief. c The pursuing party had captured him-takenu him in the very manner, while stilliiupossossioen of the " two-year-old pony," and at once adjudged him to the penalty proscribed by the border code-tied his arms, noosed him with the halter of the stolen horse, and left him to swing, as soon as the enimal should be tired of supporting him. There was a kind of dreadful nootical justice in thus making the stolen horse the thief's executioner; it gave the ausimal itself opportunity to wreak vengeance for all wrongs I received. and at the same time allowed lhies captor the rarn privilege of galloping on his o back into eteruity. Such was the mode of settling such offences against the peace and dignity of the settle ments; such was the way in which Staskpolo I had been reduced to his uinenviable situation; J and that all paseers-bymnight take note that the execution had not been done withoutanthority, there were pailted upon the smooth white bark of thie tree, en largo black letters, traced by a ti finger well charged with moistened gun.powlder, te the ominous nume-,TYJusi Lmcort--the Rhada. manthus of thie forest, whoso decisions are yet respected in the land, aed whose aiethorit I sometimes bids fair to supersede that of all erring humasn tribunsls. Thes tied st, his rifle, knife and amnmunition j laid under atree hard by, that he might have i thle satisfaction, if satisienction it could be, of knowing they were in safety, the executioners I hadil left him to his fate, and ridden away, long tI since, to attend to ether important affairs of the b colony. The moment that Roland understood in whose service he was drawing his sword, a change came over the spirit of les thoughlts and v feelings; nud he returned it very composedly to its sheath-much to the satisfaction of the negro, Emperor. who, recognisine the unfor tunate Ralph, at the same instant, cried aloud, " 'Topmassa! 'tar Captain Stackpole, what ii atole Brown Briory ! .Reckon I'll touch the pony on thorib, hah! Hanging too good for him. white nigganh t'ief, hal With that, tIe incensed negro made as if he t would have driven the pony from under the luckleoss Ialph, but was prevented by his master, who, takling a second survey of the spectacle, motioned to the horror- strack females to retire, and prepared himself to follow them. "'Tarnldeath to you, captain! you won't leave me ?" cried Ralph, interror. "Honor brightl Help him that needs help-that's the rule for a christianl" "'Villain! l" said Roland, sternly, " I have no help to give you. You are strung up according to the laws of the settlements, with which I have no desire to interfere. I am the last man i you slhould ask for pity." "Idon't ax your pity, 'tarsal death to me, I six your lhelp" roared Ralph: " Cut me loose is the word, and then sw'ar at me attter i stole rou haie thur:-well, whar's the harm? Didn'the ilung me, and kick me, ansd bhto me into the borgain, the cursed savage ? and ari't you got him ag'in as good as ever? And besides, didln't that etarnal old Bruce fob me off with a boast good for nothing, and talk big to a mo besideas? and warn't that all fa'r provo crtioan An didn't you yonrself sw'ar ag'in I shaking paws with me, andl treat me as ifI war 1 no gentleman ? 'Tarnnl death to me, cut me loose, or I'll haunt you, when I'm a ghost, I will,'tarnaldeath to me !" " Cut him down, Roland, for heaven's sake I" said Edith, whomn the surprise and terror of the spectacle 'at first rendered speechless: '"you f surely-no, Roland. von surely can't mean to leave him to perish:" r "Upon my soul," said the soldier, and we are sorry to record a speech representing him in a light so uuamiable, "I don't see what right I have to release him; and I really have r't the least inclination to do so. The raoct.l is the L cause of all our difIlculties ; and, if u:'it ;L-:u happen us, he will beo the cause of that too. daut for him, we should be now safe with our party. And besides, as I' said before, he is hanged according to Koentucky law ; a very good law, as far as it regards horeo-thioves, for whom hanging is too light a punishment." "Neverthlless, release him, save the poor wretch's life," reiterated Edith, to whom Stack pole, perceiving in her his only friend, now addressed the most piteous cries and suppli cations; "the law is murderous, its makers and executioners barbarians. Save him, Roland, I charge you, I entreat you ! "He owes his life to your intercession," said the soldier; cal, drawing bissabro again, but with no apparent good will, he divided the halter by which Ralph was suspended, and the wretch was free. " Out the tug, the buffalo-tug!" shouted the culprit, thrusting his arms as far from his back as he could, and displaying the thong of bison skin, which his struggles had almost buried in his foleh. A single touch of the steel, rewarded by such a yell of transport as was never before heard in those savage retreats, sufliceod to sever the bond; and, Stackpole, leaping on the earth, began to testify his joy in modes as novel as they were frantic. His Brst act. was to fling his arms around'the neck of his steed, which he hugged and kissed with the most rapturous affection, doubtless in requital of the docility it had shown when docility was so necessary to its rider's lifo: his second, to leap half a-dozen times into the air, feeling his neck all the time, and uttering the mort singular and vociferous cries, as if to make double trial of the condition of his windpipe; his third, to brawl aloud, directiag the important question to the soldier, "How many days has it been since they hagod me ? War it to-day, or yos torday, or the day before? or war a whole year ago? for may I be next hung to' the horn of a buffalo, instead of the limb of a beech-troe,.if I didn't feel as if I had been equeaiing thar ever since the beginning of creoation I Cock-a.doodle doe ! him that ar'n't born to be hanged, won't be hanged, no how'!" Then running to Edith, who sat watching his proceedings with silent amazement, he flung himself on his knees, seized the hole of her riding-habit, which he kissed with the fervor of atc adorer, exclaiming, with a vehement sincerity thatmcadothe whole action still morestrangely ludicrous. " Olh you splen diferous creatur' ! you angeliferous angel I here am I, RIalph Stackpolo the Screamer, that can whip all IKentucky, white, black, mixed, and Injun; and I'm the macn to go with you to the 'code of the 'arth, to fight, die, work, beg, and steal trosses foa youa I Iam, andyou may make a little dlog of me; you may, or a nigguir, or a hoss,'or a door-post, or a dinner 'tarnnl death ton mc, butyou may eat me ! I'm the man to feel a favor, partickelarly when it. comes to helpicn me out of a halter; and so jist say the word who shall I lick, to begin on, for I'si your slcave list as much as that niggar, to go with yol, as .I said before, to the ends of the 'arth, and thle length of Kentucky over !" " Away with you. you scoundrel and jacl:a. napes," said RPoland, for to this ardent expres sion of gratitude Edith was herself too much frightened to reply. " Stranger!" cried the offended horse-thief, " you cut the tae, and you cut the halter; and so, though you did it only on hard axing, I'd take as many hbrd words of you as you can pick out of a dictionary-I will 'tarnal death to me. .cut as for madam, thar, the angel, she saved my life, and I go to death in her service; anid now's the time to show service, for thar's danger abroad in the forest." " Danger !" echoed iRoland, his anxiety banishing the disgust with which he was so much inclined to regard the worthy horse thief ; "whatn makes you say that P" " Stranger," replied Ralph, with a longth ened visnage and a gravity somewhat, sur prising for him, " I send the Jibbenainosay! 'tarnal death to me but I seed him, as plain as ever I seeod old Salt ! I war a-hanging thar, and equnaking and cussing, and talking soft. nonsense to the pony, to keep him out of his tantrums, when what should I see but a groat creatur' come tramping through' the forest, right off yander by the 'fallen oak, with a big b'ar before him- " " Pish !" said the soldier, " what has this to do with danger. " " Beca'se and because," said Ralph, " when you see the 3ibbenainosay, thar's always ab bergynees (aborigines) in the cover. I never seed the critter before, but I reckon it war he, for thar's nothing like hicg in natur'. And so I'm for cutting out ofthe forest jist on tho track of a streak of lightning-now hy'yar now thar, but on a fnll run without atoppig. And so, itf anngeliferous madam is willing, thump me round the 'arth with a crab-apple, if I don't help her out of the bushes, and do all tbo fighting into the bargain-I will, 'tarnal death to me !" " You may go about your businese," said Ronald, withll as much sternness as contempt. " We will have none of your base company. " Whoop i whoo, whoo, whoo ! don't rifle (to rills-to ruille) me, for I'm dangerois!I" yelled the dcmi.barharian, springing on his stolen horse, and riding up to Edith. " Say the word, marm," he cred, " for I'll fight for you, or run for you, take scalp or cut stick, shake fist or show leg, anything in reason or out of reason. Stranuger, thar's as brash (brash -rash, headstrong, over-valiant) as a now hound in a h'ar tight, or a young hoes in a cornfield, and me safe friend in a forest. Say the word, marm, or if you think it ar'nt man ners to speak to a stranger, jist shake your little finger. andI'll follow you like a dog, and do you a dog's service. Or, if you don't like me, say the word, or shake t'othor finger, and 'tarnal death to me, but I'll be off like an elk of thei prairies!" SYou ma y go," said Edith, not at all solicitous to retain a follower of Stackpolo's character and conversation : " we have no occasion for your assistance." " Farewell !" said Ralph, and turning. and giving his pony a thump with his dfst and a kick with each heel, and uttering a shrill whoop, lie darted away through the forest, and was soon out of sight. ('o eIeE CONTIr'UED.) 