A BRAVE DEED. I Ir ever a Humane Society reward was deserved it was earned by William Rogers, the young miner, who at the risk of, his life rescued his mate from a horrible death in the Virginia Company's mine on Tuesday afternoon. Rogers' heroic conduct-was not performed within oigHt. of nn applauding multitude, but deep dows in the bowels ot the earth, where, if he had failed in the attempt irhich ended so successfully, his ?bravery would probably never have been known to anybody except the All-seeing Creator. Rogers and his companion, Sampson Bray, had just charged four holes at the bottom of the shaft, and having lighted the fusc6, signalled to the driver'at the plat to haul up. When- they had asconded thirty feet, Bray fell out of the bucket, and Rogers signalled to bo lowered to the bottom ; of the shaft. The fuses were "spitting," and lie quickly pulled three of them out of the holes, but in the dark could not find the fourth. Rogers then crouched in a corner of the shaft, which is only ten feet long by four feet wide. To quote his own words, " An age of time seemed to elapse before the ex plosion took place," and tlie tfe&m;, - after going up the shaft, came down in a shower upon the crouching figure of Rogers and the prostrate body of his mate. - Fortu nately Rogers escaped with a few bruises, but his unlucky comrade; who suffered from the combined effects of the fall and the ex plosion, had to be taken to the hospital. But for Rogers' brave conduct Bray would most certainly have lost his life, for he fell right on to the charges, and had they gone off, must have been horribly mutilated. Rogers' feelings during the few brief moments which elapsed from the fall of his comrade till the final result of the ex plosion can be better imagined than de scribed. With an instance of_such bravery on the part of a young man 2o years of age, who will say that the youtli of the. present day are afraid to face death at the call of duty ? Rogers bravely risked his life and the happiness of a young wife in his heroic rescue of his fellow-worker, and as Bray is expected to recover from his injuries,Rogers lias earned the everlasting gratitude, not only of Bray himself, but of Bray's wife and children. That in itself .will be a life long recompense for the thrilling experience through which.lie passed, but we hope the brave deed will receive further recognition, and that the gold medal of the Humane Society will be awarded to . him. Rogers' conduct is entitled to bo placed side by-side with some of the bravest deeds, on record, and we are glad to perceive that Messrs. Burrowes and Williams, Ms.L.A., have brought it under the notico of the Minister of Mines. - PARLIAMENT.-In the Legislative Council: a resolution was carried on the motion of Mr. Grimwade, expressing the opinion that the Agent-General, for the colony should devote himself entirely to the duties of the position, and not accept an outside position of profit or otherwise. The Beer Tax Bill was passed through all stages. In the Assembly, Sir Graham Berry moved the second reading of the Postoffice Act 1S90 Amendment Bill, providing for a reversion to the 2d postage. The debate was adjourned. The Totalisator Bill was passed through all stages. '' Tin-: YORKSHIRE LEASE.-In the case of the Yorkshire lease (writes our Melbourne cor respondent), Mr. Farrar called to-dav at the , Department of Mines, claiming that he has a sleeping interest with Mr.Blackliain. The depart ment, ? however, could take no cognizance of ! ihis, and the Minister told him if lie had rights it would be against those who he alleged were associated with him. The case is therefore as i it stood last week, Mr. Westphalen imthaving done anything further to prove, his allegation , that money ordered- to he paid to the present holders for work done had not been expended. RECOGNITION OK BRAVERY.-At the after noon meeting of the Bendigo Stock Exchange yesterday Mi'. Michael lvellyr brought tinder the notice of the members the brave deed of the young miner Rogers, who on TiieS'lvy risked his life to save that of his mate,' Samp son Bray, who had fallen down the Virginia shaft, where four charges of gelatine were about to explode. He thought the courage and pre sence of mind shown by Rogers were deserving of dccided recognition, and moved that the com mittee take steps in that direction. Mr. James Burke, in seconding the motion, said that Rogers had performed a truly heroic action. The chairman (Mr. James StewaH), Messrs. G. Willan, J. Green and others spoke in terms of the highest praise of Rogers' bravery, and it was unanimously resolved to refer the matter to the committee to bring up a recommendation. Our Melbourne correspondent., wires that Messrs. Burrowes and Williams, Ms.L.A. saw the Minister of Mines yesterday in reference to the brave conduct of William Rogers. They asked that some recognition should be accorded to Rogers. The Minister said that he would have the matter inquired into by Mr. Grainger, and if the facts were as set forth in the press, he would not only, grant Rogers the certificate of the department for bravery, but- would go t-o Bendigo and present him with it, arid con gratulate him on the act. REGISTRATION- FEES.-A notification has been issued by the Government Statist that by the new scale of fees under the Births, Deaths and Marriages Statute, which will come into opera tion to-day, the fee for a certificate on search will be raised from 5s to Is Bel, whilst the fee for correction of an entry, for which no charge has hitherto been made, will be 2s 6d, and the fee for registering a birth after sixty days, for which no charge has hitherto been made, will be 5s. THE ACCIDENT AT THE VIRGINIA COMPANY S ?MINE.-On inquiry at the hospital yesterday evening, we learned that the miner Sampson Bray was doing well. He is suffering ii good deal from shock. The great bravery displayed by his mate William Rogers, was warmly eulo gised on all hands yesterday. : ALLEGED FOBGERY AND UTTERING.-It will he remembered that a week ago, a joung man named George Ruddock was arrested in' an in toxicated condition, and whilst-, in the watch house, made a statement to the effect that he had been implicated in the robbery of the safe at Messrs. Mayne, Nickless and Co.'s premises in Melbourne, some days before. " As, however, nothing could be gleaned to substantiate his statement, which he afterwards contradicted, he was discharged on Monday last. . Yesterday he was arrested by the Rochester police on a charge of forgery and uttering. It w.ould ap pear from the particulars to hand, that oil Tues day Ruddock proceeded to the livery stables of Mr. A. Shadbolt in High-street, arid there hired a horse and conveyance.' It is alleced he represented himself as being in the employ of a firm of estate agents at Ballarat, -Messrs. Little and Co., and stated that he desired to go to Kamarooka to inspect some land belonging to a farmer named -Maloney, to whom his firm were to lend money. In pavmentfor the use of the horse and trap, he tendered a cheque signed "A. G. M'Donald," and drawn on the Bank of Victoria at Ballarat for 30s. He then left, pro mising to return in the afternoon. Instead of proceeding to Kamarooka, he must have gone in the opposite direction to Rochester, where he passed a cheque for £4, drawn upon the same bank upon Mr. Ryan of the Restdown Hotel. *nis cheque was presented at the bank and subsequently dishonored. Ruddock was then arrested.. The cheque paid to Mr. Shadbolt was presented at the local bank yesterday, and the officials arc now awaiting intelligence with regard to it. The police have received intima tion from Ballarat that no firm of the name given has an account at the hank. It is pro bable a second charge will therefore be entered against Ruddock. The accused, who is a young man, has served a sentence at Ballarat for a similar ofTonce. SCENE AT A COFFER PALACE.-Last evening quite a commotion was caused at Milburn's Coffee Palace in Mitchell-street, by the vagaries of a yung man named Hughes, who suddenly displaved marked symptoms of mental aberra tion. "Dr. Burke Gaffnev was summoned, and he managed to quieten "him until a couple of policemen arrived on the scene. The young fellow was then removed to the lockup, and will he brought before the city bench this morning. ACCIDENT.-A man named Samuel Kit-to met with a painful accident yesterday. He was em'aged shovelling manure from a dray in a vinevard at Strathfieldsaye, when the horse was "startled and he was precipitated to the ground, fracturing his loft leg. The injury was attended to at the hospital. KI^KCTTIOK OF PRESIDENT.-To-day Cr. .tup per will be elected president of the Marong Shire, and Cr. Ilinton will be elevated to the position of president of the Huntly Shire. A BOLT.-Yesterday afternoon as a cabman named liillingson was driving along Mitchall strecfi. the horse took fright at a passing tram and bolted. Before the driver could .regain full control of the animal, it kicked in -the splash board and broke some pictures which were in I the front of the cab. Neither the driver nor a ! passenger, who was in the cab at the time,were injured. TUP. I.O.R. annual excursion w, v,'o aro in formed, to take place towards tho ent] of this inontl), MR. G. H. MATKAR, who, for some years past, has had the management of the local trie graph office, and who has been promoted to the position of post and telegraph master at Kew, left by the noon train yesterday for his new sphere of labor. A number of friends were on the platform to see him off. WARDEN'S COURT.-Mr. Warden Leader, P.M., presided at this court yestpi-a^j-. Tlie 'only case on the application of E. fui i,ne forfeiture of the New Morning Light Cotnpitny'H lease. The matter had pre viously been before the court, wUn t.hn warden recommenced that the lease be forfeited. The Minister referred the matter back to the war den to take evidence regarding the value of the underground working on tho Tease. Mr. C. F. Kennedy appeared for tho applicant. As neither he nor the company were prepared with evidence on the point, the hearing of the case was postponed until the 10th inst. MR. W. -C. O'CONNOR.-Mr. W. C. O'Connor, the popular district traffic manager, who has recently been appointed to take cliarge of the Ballarat district, left with Mrs. O'Connor and family for their new home yesterday. A num ber of friends were on the station to wish them good-bye. COCILL'S ' MINSTRSLS. - This well-known troupe of minstrels will open in the Royal Princess Theatra this evening. The company is a particularly strong one, and includes Mr. Jules Simonsen, the well-known tenor vocalist; | Miss Maud Leamington, ft contralto singer of acknowledged ability; Miss Stella Tudor, a soprano vocalist; the Misses Kitty Ward, Clif ford, Pearl Akarman, and others. Mr. C. Cogill and Mr. W. Akarman are also included. The entertainment promised is of the very best, and no doubt the attendance will be large. THE SHIP SALAMIS, which now lies at Wil liamstuwn (writes our Melbourne correspon dent) brings a confirmation of the thick weather that prevailed off the coast on Sunday and Monday. Captain Phillies states that he is not at all surprised that the Newfield went ashore. Ho spent the whole of Sunday night trying to get a reckoning. For 150 miles before reaching Cape Otway he could not even find a star, and the first notification he received of his position was the Otway light right ahead. He says he spent a moat anxious time. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Hayes, Ander son, Henderson, Perry and Dr. Gafiney sat ves-, ? terduy, and fined one drunkard 5s and 4s costs. William Fleming was brought up for stealing a felt hat belonging to Janies Adams, of Ravens wood, and also with larceny of a bottle of brandy valued at . 59, the property nf Amy Crago. Mounted-constable Lvsaght, of Kangaroo Flat, slated that he arrested the prisoner on a eh ;>v;e of drunkenness. He went behind Mrs. Crago's bar and helped himself to spirits, and the land lady had to close her hotel in consequence Prisoner left with a bottle of brandy in his pos session. Previously the prisoner had taken a hat belonging to a man named John Adams at Ravens wood, and was wearing it when arrested. Sergeant Fahey applied for a remand iii order to summon witnesses from Ravenswood. Prisoner said ttiathc aud several others were drinking at the hotel, and he did not think he alone ought to have been singled out for arrest. He took the: hat in mistake. A remand until Saturday was granted. A few debt cases were dealt with, and the court adjourned. THE AUSTIN HOSPITAL FOR INCURABLES.-The secretary of this valuable institution (Mr. W. J. G. Turner) is at present on a visit to Bendigo for a few days, his location being the Shamrock. Hotel. The object of.liis visit is to press the claims of the institution upon the charitable. " It is essentially a charity. The only recom-; mendations needed for admission are that the' applicant suffers from some hopeless physical malady, and is also smitten with poverty.": From the statement of the secretary, it appears that since the hospital was opened 575 patients have been admitted. It has beds for 14 cancer, 20 consumptive and fiC general patients.' Owing to the depression in the colony, the funds com ing in have not been sufficient to meet the demands for assistance, and lience a special a ipeal for help is being made. LODGE AN - IVKRSARY. - The anniversary of the Loyal Bendigo and Heart of Friendship Lodges, M.W., will be celebrated on Wednes day, 14th inat., by a social to be held at uhe Oddfellows' Hall. Particulars are advertised. A.N.A.- At the Temperance Hall this even- ing at eight o'clock, the Australian Natives' Association hold their fortnightly meeting. After the business of the branch has been dis- posed of, Mr. T. J. Connelly will deliver an ad- dress, the subject of which will be "A Three Months' Holiday." It is to be hoped that there will be a good attendance. The public are in- vited to attend. DONATIONS TO THE MUSEUM.-The curator of the museum (Mr. J. B. Lillie Mackay) begs to acknowledge on behalf of the Admini- strative Conncil the following donations sent to the museum during the month of August: -Col- lection of birds' eggs and raw silk, Mr. H. R. Bristow; pumice stone (from Durham Ox Plains), copper pyrites (Tourmaline), Cowrie shells from Lorne and Irish flax cloth, 60 years old, Mr. Peacock, Pyramid Hill; tinstone from Kew Moon mine, Tasmania (including concentrates and slime); chert and serpentine from Dunndas, Mr. Brown, Launceston; green jasper, Mr. Hollings worth; wedge-tailed eagle, Mr. Kevin O'Flaherty, View-street: arsenic from fine of pyrites works, Mr. F. T. Boffey; old coin, Mrs. Dwyer, Williamson-street; nankeenniglit heron, Mr. Morgan, Queen-street; Chinese coin, Mr. Peacock, Pyramid Hill; worm snake, Mr. J. Somerville, Emu Creek. THE MEMBER FOR DUNDAS.-Mr. Thomson, the ncwly-electod member for Dundas, entered the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday afternoon (states the Argus), introduced by Mr. Shiels and Mr. Murray. Having taken the oath and signed-the roll, he was escorted by Mr. Foster, the Ministerial whip, to a seat in the Ministerial corner. The whole party, especially the labor members, cheered lustily when it wa" 'sen that the hon. member had joined them instead of the Opposition, with which it was expected he would ally himself. " He's gone into the rat's corner," remarked Mr. M'Intyre. The actiou of the hou. member, who was returned as an Opposition candidate, excited comment, on both sides of the House. The veterans recalled the circumstance that in the old days there was a similar case (the only one on record), but the member then concerned earned the contempt of the House, and lost his seat when he next went before his constituents. THE RAILWAY FREE PASS question (says the Age) is to be brought befo-e the House again by Mr. Kirton, who convulsed the House on Tnesday by tabling a motion declaring that tho issue of free passes is opposed to the conduct of the Railway department on business principles, and should be limited' to one pass to each member of Parliament, to railway employe's ac cording to the conditions on which they entered the service, and to destitute persons and charitable institutions. SERIOI'S EFFHCT OF A PRACTICAL JOKE.-A foolish joke, whieh is stated to have nearly re sulted in the deatli of a young man named James Grogan, was perpetrated (states the Age) near the Boroondara Cemetery, in East Kew, some few night since. A ghost story hail been going the rounds of tho district, and young Grogan, it appears, had stated to some companions that he had no fear of such objects. The following night one of the number, raised on stilts and enveloped in a white sheet, sud denly confronted him as he was passing the cemetery reservo. Grogan sustained such a terrible shock that he staggered to a lamp-post and fell insensible to the ground. In this condition ho was conveyed to his home, and up to Tuesday he had not, it was stated, recovered his senses. TIIE SYDNEY NATIONAL ART OAI.LERY. -For some time past (writes the Kytlnry Morning Herald) Mr. F. B..Suttor, Minister for Public Instruction, and the trustees of the Sydney National Art Gallery have recognised thei.eces sity of appointing some responsible official to take charge of the valuable collection of pictures and articles of vertu now stored in the gallery in the Domain. The trustees have represented to the Minister that the total value of these works of art is between £80,000 and £100,000, and unanimously urged that Mr. E. L. Monte fiore should be chosen for this office. The Minister, feeling assured of the wisdom of his action aud the qualifications of Mr. Montefiorc, has appointed that gentleman to the position of director of the National Art Gallery at a salary of £400 per annum. EXCITINCJ WHALE HUNT IN THE BAY.-The whale and calf that entered through the heads about ten days ago eluded till Monday (says the Argus) all attempts at capture, although aevoral of the local fishermen got vorv close up sevoral times. On Monday, however, one of the fisher men named Mat. Matson, accompanied by an old whaler named Emanuel, after a long chase got up to the quarry, and while Emanuel was poising his harpoon ready for the whale -the calf shot right into the stern of the boat, which would have been stove in had not there been plenty of way on. The occupants were thrown down, but Matson immediately seizedand hurled a harpoon at the calf just as it was plunging under the boat. The weapon struck the animal close under the eye, and the effect was soon seen in tho crimsoning water around. As soon as the float to which tho line was attached was in the water it was whirled out of sight. The full-grown-whale seemed to know something was wrong by the way it raced and lnslied the water. The boat stood off for halt an hour, and thon discovered the float about a mile to leeward. Tho whale had lost the track of her calf, and was going at a tremendous pace towards Sorrento. The opportunity being good, Matson bore down on the calf, and, making fast, towed it into shallow water abreast of Rye. All day the mother has been scouring up and down the bay between Sorrento and Rye, and she is now very dangerous to approach. The calf is 21 feet long, and measures 8 feet across the tail. The mothor must bo nearly SO feet long. Several fiahcrmou are making ready to give chase to- morrow. The whale is what whalers call tho Californian gray, and is one of the most dangeroun of its kind. Matson intonds taking tho calf up to Melbourne for exhibition, AD*7' THE INSECT PEST HILL, introduced by Mr. Davis in the Legislative Cuuncil and the first reading agreed to, is, according to the' Age, not yet in existence, the present; state of "develop ment being merely the lines upon which it. io to be drawn. These, it appears, cimply enact the solf working prAviaiuns of th*5 Thistle -Act, mnUing every man a watch on liia neighbor's orchard, and" thereby compelling vigneroriS and fruit growers to undertake of their own Volition those precautionary measures essentially neces sary to minimise the ravages caused by insect pests. It is hopeless to expect to drive every cujUn moth out of the country, hence an en actment that sought iu ntto.i" that end through the law courts would be oppressively unjnot The Minister of Agriculture is of opinion that a conference of fruit' growers should be held before the bill is drafted, and-in all probability Mr. Davis will agree to the sugges tion. ARREST or A SUPPOSED SIT.-For the past eight days information has been-in the posses sion of the Government (wires the Brisbane cor respondent of the Argus) which induced them to watch with suspicion the proceedings of a foreigner in Queensland named Leon Perrett. Mr. Parry Okedcu, Under Colonel Secretary, received a telegram on the 21st instant from Towrisville stating that a foreigner had been discovered photographing the fortifications of that place. As such an act is an offcnce under the Safety of Defences Act 1890, instructions wereissued that the Buspected individual was to be followed. Perrett was shadowed toROckhamp ton, from thence to Mount Morgan, and from there he came to Maryborough and proceeded to Oympie; He ax-rived in Brisbane on' Sunday by the Yaralla, and was informed he would have to have his luggage searched. This was done, and a number of photographs and elaborate photographic apparatus in his possession were temporarily seized.._The alleged illegal photographs have been handed over to the authorities. It has been decided to pro secute Perrett under the Act previously referred to. Pe.'rett is a Russian, and states that he is a mining expert, travelling through the colonies with the object of getting information about Australian mines. Perrett states that he will have no trouble in proving' his innocence, as he has credentials from Lord Knutsford to the Governor, and will preont them at the" proper time. He also states that he has been travel ling for'some time. He landed in Melbourne f'-om the Kaiser VVilhelm II., and stayed there about six weeks. . The second number of the Australian edition of the Review of Jiei iews, edited by the Rev. J\V. H. Fitchett, is to harid, and it maintains the high standard with which the journal wa3 started. The character sketch, a featim-of the paper, relates to President Harrison, accompanied with portraits of other American Presidents. The first of a series of articles on " The Great Australian Dailies " is also given, the subject being the Sydney Morning Heruld. the oldnst m-wspaper in Australia. The general reading matter is very interesting and the pictorial illustrations numerous. The brethren of the Masonic craft are reminded by advertisement that the lodge of instruction meets toniRht at 8 o'clock. By advertisement elsewhere Messrs. Reidle and Co., furniture dealers, of View Point, announce tlut they hare greatly reduced the prices of their stock of furnitui", bedsteads, etc. All kinds of musical instruments can bi had at the lowest prices. On Tuonlay, 0th September, Messrs. James Andr»w and Co. will sell the Kentish flock mills, Dowling-stre.t, complete, including the freehold property. The Bale will take place at 2 o'clock on the ground. At the Arcade auction rooms at one o'clock to day, Messie. G. H Hobson and Co. will offer by public auction, on account of Mr H. Randall, a double-seated waggonette in fi st-class order, staunch young horse and good .-.et buggy harness. '! he whole are on view at tlif sale rooms to-day.. 