A NEW POEM BY RUDYARD KIPLING: The National Observer has published a poem entitled " Tomlinson," signed by Bud yard Kipling. The following extracts will give an idea of the work t "Now, Tomlinson gave up the ghost in his house in Berkeley Square, And a spirit came to his bedside and gripped him by the hair A spirit gripped him by the hair and carried him far away, Till he heard as the roar of a rain-fed ford the roar of the Milky Way ; Tillie heard the roar of the Milky Way die down and drone and ease, And they came to the gate within the wall where Peter holds the keys. Stand up, stand up now, Tomlinson, and answer loud and high The good that ye did for the sake of men or ever ye came to die The good that ye did for the sake of men in little Earth so long And the naked soul of Tomlinson grew white as a rain-washed bone. . OI have a friend on Earth be said, that was, my priest and guide, And wall would he answer all for me if he were by my side.' For that jFoatrove in neighbour-love shall be written fair, But now you wait at Heaven's Gate, and not in Berkeley Square. Though we failed your friend from his bed this night, he could not speak for you. For the race is run by one and one, and never by two and two. Then Tomlinson looked up and down, and little gain was there, For the naked stars grinned overhead, and he saw that his soul was bare. Tbewindtb.it blows between the world, it cut him like a knife, And Tomlinson took up his tale and spoke of his good in life. . This I have read in a book, he said and what was told to me, And this I have thought that another man thought of a prince in Moscow.' The good souls flocked like homing doves and bade him clear the path, And Peter twirled the jangling keys in weari- ness and wrath. 'Te have read, ye have heard, ye have thought, he said And the tale is yet to run : By the worth of the body that once we had, give answer-what have done r' Then Tomlinson looked back and forth, and little good it bore, For the Darkness stayed at his shoulder. blade and Heaven's Gate before ; ' O this I have felt, and this I have guessed, and this I have heard men say, And this they wrote that another man wrote of a cart in Noorroway.' . Te have read, you have felt, ye have guessed, good look To have hampered Heaven's Gate; There's little room between the stars is idle ness to prate ! O Bone may reach by hired speech of eight hour, priest, and kin. / Through borrowed deed the God's good need that lies so far within ; Get hence, get hence to the Lord of Wrong, for the doom has yet to run, And . . . the faith that ye share with BerkeleySquare uphold you,To<alinson!' " a e a s . The reasons why the Lord of Wrong will have nought to do with Tomlinson are set forth at length in language always vigorous and not always refined. Finally the Lord of Wrong says : '- 'Te are neither spirit nor spirit;' he said We are neither books nor brate Get get ye back to the flesh again for the sake of Man's repute. I'm all over-sea to Adam's breed that I should meet your pain, But look that ye win to worthier sin ere ye come back again. Get hence, the hearse is at your door-the grim black stallions wait They bear your clay to place to-day. Speed, lest ye come too late ! Go back to earth with a lip unsealed go back with an open eye, And carry my word to the sons of men or over ye come to die ; That the sin they do by two and two they must pay for one by one And . . . thy God that ye took from a printed book be with you, Tomlinson !' " 