PSYCHOLOGY AND SPIRITUALISM. Once in every three or four years the Societies for Psychological Research hold their International Congress, and on the occasion of the meefcimr in T.nnrlmi recently there was a very large atten dance, and the keenest interest was manifested in the proceedings. The President was Professor Sidgwick, who fills the Chair of Moral and Political Philosophy at Cambridge, and is known as the author of severam -»it-ortanfj works in these departments of learning. The Germans, of course, were well to the fore, as they are on every occasion when the mental and speculative scienceB have to be dealt with, and it is proposed that the Congress of 189G shall take plaso at Munich. So enthusiastic, however, are some of the American psychological students that they are planning to hold a sort of interim meeting in their own countrynext year, thus taking advantageof the presence of large numbers of delegates who may'wish to visit the World's Fair. There seems to be little doubt that the universal interest which was last year manifested in the subject of hypnotism is now bearing fruit in a larger and more widespread disposition to enquire into many different branches of the fascinating study of psychology. From a scientific point of view the word psychology means simply the know ledge of the human mind and its opera tions j but in the original root of tha word the most prominent idea involved had relation rather to the soul than to the mind. To some ifc may appear that this is a distinction without a dif ference. Yet tliero is no doubt thafi the world draws a very sharp line of dis tinction between the study of tho facts concerning the ordinary operations of tho mind, such, for instance, as the carrying out of arithmetical operations, and the study of tho problem of the separate existence of the soul from the body during lifetime and its continued life in a future state. By many spiritualists tha word psychology ha3 been adopted to denote the knowledge of their own particular tenets, and hence there has arisen a certain misconception, not to saj preju dice, in the public mind against a word which, in its scientific application, means nothing more than the study of the operations of the average human mind. The phenomena of thought transference, hypnotism, and what is known as od-force are accounted for by tho two different parties of psychological students iii very different manners. For example, it is certain tltf.fc the majority of the Adelaide Spiritualistic Association, before whom Mr. A. E. D. Opie lias read two very interesting papers, would place an altogether different construction upon them from what the Society for Psychical Research in London would. Mr. Opie in one of his references makes mention of Dr. Hodgson jis having furnished striking evidence of man's dual per sonality in the case of an American store keeper who was found to have been living in a state of somnambulism for a long period of time. Yet this same Dr. Hodpson, who, by-the-way, is a Mel bourne gentleman, has spent many years of his life in investigating the claims of theosophy and spiritualism, and has arrived at conclusions by no means favourable to the transcendental and supernatural tenets of those systems. The report of Professor Sidgwick on the results of the 17,000 enquiries decided upon by the Paris Congress of 1889 on the subject of ghost-seeing hallucinations makes very interesting reading. His final conclusion is that there is a small proportion of cases of coincidental hallu cinations, such as the appearance of forms of dead persons at or about tho hour of death, which it is diffi cult to explain away unless by tho assumption of extraordinary want of ac curacy on the part of informants. This, however, still leaves open the question as to whether these coincidental cases are due to thought transference or to the agency of supernatural personalities. It is only just to tho Society for Psychical Research to say that by the patient collec tion of evidence on various branches of their subject they are likely to do much towards clearing up some of the difficul ties which have hitherto obstructed the progress of psychology. MlSKEl'KESENTlNC SOUTH AUSTRALIA. — The telegram sent to London last week so seriously misrepresenting tho position of the South Australian finances did not emanate from this colony. That is satis factory ; but it is annoying to find that the grossly exaggerated statement which was dispatched from oiio of the other colonies distorts the fuets even more than was at first understood. The publication in London of an an nouncement which would bo read as implying that South Australia was likely to go to the bad to tha extent of £800,000 in one year would be greatly prejudicial to our credit at any time. In the present supersensi live condition of the English money market it has doubtless been specially hurtful, and ifc is equally unfortunate and exasperating that the false report should have been circulated at tha very time when the Agent-General had received instructions to ofler the £008,000 worth of unallotted bonds out of the issue authorized by the last Loan Bill. The erroneous telegram must un doubtedly have had a bad elfecfc upon the prospects of that operation, and we hope that the explanation, which hould receive publicity equal to that of the misrepresentation, may cause a corresponding reaction in favour of the credit of the colony. The only probable source to which we can trace tho report respecting 'a deficit of £800,000' is an Adelaide telegram in a Melbourne paper to the effect that 'the deficit had been reduced to £817,000 ;' butthat was supple mented further on by intimations thafc against this the Treasurer had £125,000 in hand, and that ' he expected to close the financial year without a deficit.' The latter sum, subtracted from the former, gives in round numbers a total of £692,000, the amount afc which the accrued deficit account now stands. Every one who has watched the periodical statements regard ing South Australian finances knows that the Treasurer expects a sur plus and not a debit balance as the result of the current year's transactions. Every one ought also to bo aware that, though the general deficiency stands at £092,000, it has been reduced to that sum from its original total of £1,100,000, and thafc this diminution of considerably more than one-third has been dfce almost entirely to savings upon each year's operations. If that fact h.iil been mentioned in the telegram ifc would probably have done an amount of good to our credit afc least as great as the bad impression, which has now baen so gratuitously created. The incident, however, like most unpleasant things, has its useful lessons. It reminds us forcibly that we still have a deficit to provide for, and that it is our duty not merely co mike current accounts balance but to strive to continue to reduce the outstanding liability us satisfactorily if as gradually as wo have done during the past few years. It would be well for Governments to make it a practice to telegraph a succinct summary of the financial posi-Mpi. whenever important official anitfiiinc^mAnt-s regarding it are made in Parliament. Such messages would be serviceable to our creditors and a check UDon our detractors. 'Viceregal. — This evening the Conntes3 of Kintoro will distribute prizes in connection with Mr. Ashton'a art exhibition in the Nor wood Town HalL To-morrow evening aa exhibition of private theatricals will be given at Government House. The Governor will attend the Speaker's dinner on Wednesday evening. On Friday he will dine with Mr Justice Bundey. The Speaker's Dkker. — The Hon. J. Coles, Speaker of the House of Assembly, has issued invitations to members of that House and prominent private citizens For Ms ppnnni dinner, which will be given in the Assembly dining-room on Wednesday evening. His Excellency the Governor will be one of the guests. The Mctist£R of Education. — The Minister of Education (Hon. J. H. Gordon) left for Broken Hill on Saturday afternoon on private business. He returns to Adelaide to-day. The Fisascial Position-.— Aa we have previously reported, a most misleading and unfounded statement has been circu lated in London jonmals reswctinji the pros pects of the colony from a financial paint of view. We published a cable on Friday in which it was observed that confidence in Australian financial statements was shaken by the conflicting- reports that had reatrhed London. Mr. Holder was greatly surprised when he learnt that the English public had been told that South Australia would probably end the year with a big deficit, and he cabled to Sir John Bray on Friday after noon as follows: — 'Have Adelaide tele grams been published conveying the im pression that there will be a large estimated deficiency for financial year ending June 30 next? If so, obtain and for ward immediately all information you can respecting channel from which sent and pub lished. Notify Treasurer's latest statement in Bouse of Assembly that the shorb receipts from railways owing to Broken Hill strike be made up by improved harvest prospects.' Sir John Bray lost no time in apprising bis chief of the facts. Early on Saturday morning Mr. Holder received a cablegram which proves that an unpardonable error has been made by some one ab the expense of the colony. The words transmitted by the Agont Generalwere — 'Renter's telegram in London Times and London Chronicle September 21 Bays: — Hon. Treasurer made Supplementary Budget statement, and said deficit in aeeonnts £S0O,0CO. No date mentioned. Seen Reuters, who say agent will show you telegram, and send telegram approved by you~'for publica tion.' Immediately upon the receipt! of this extraordhvwy news thu Treasurer communi cated with Renters agent in Adelaide, Mr. Faulkner. informing him of the nature of Sir John Bray's message, and asking that ho might be shown the message tent to London, and be told upon whose authority it was cabled. Mr. Holder also expressed a desire that arrangements might be made for dispatching whatever cor recting telegram the Government might deem necessary. No reply has been received by the Treasurer. We have interviewed Sir. Faulkner on the subject, and he says no telegram was sent through the Adelaide agency, and he has no knowledge as to the origin of the message. The presumption is that a cable based on Adelaide telegrams in the Melbourne Press has been sent from the Melbourne office, but we cannot find anything in the Melbourne Press which would justify the sending of such information to London as has been published there. The Treasurer has forwarded copies of all of the correspondence to His Excellency with a request that he will ask the Secretary of State for the Colonies to contradict the rumour as soon as possible. English Mail. — A special train conveying mails and passengers left for the eastern colonies at 7.10 o'clock on Sunday evening. STOH3TT Weather. — On Sunday afternoon web weather with rough winds set in over Adelaide, continuing during the evening, and culminating about midnizht in a fierce gale with vivid liehtning. The rain at times was very heavy. Throughout the night the atmo Ephere was quite wintry. Delightful Aet. — In acharmingly furnished little apartment at WivelTa, arranged with that instinctive refinement which is a peculiar possession of the cultured French lady, are to be seen some delightful examples of the artistic skill of .ciadame Mouchette and Mademoiselle Lion — the ona an 'OlEcier d'Academio and Profeaseur Diplome de la Vnle de Paris,' and the other a ' Diplomea dn Degre Suparieur de l'Academis de Paris,' to quote the card. The exhibits consist of tapestry painting, miniature painting on ivory and oil and water colour work on silk and satin. At the far end of the room there is a large, admirably executed oil-painting, representing a spray of almond blossoms arranged with efftsc tivc carelessness. The wholo picture is har monicu=, from tha delicate shading of tlio tender leaves to the agreeably coloured back ground of cool greys and the fantastic f raa^ crossed at one comer by a pretty spray of holly. Though ixunt«3 with decision and boldness to give aa effeei at a distant'-, this floral symphony can be closely serntinH&i; without disappointment — it ttrkes tha happy medium. There is another by the aima arfcS.-sfi — Madame ?tlouohette — also a tiower study, of a rieber colouring and equally trnthful though not so tender in the tone. A piece of tapestry, measuring 6 ft. u' in. x 3 ft. 6 in., of the Gobelin type, hangs on the western wall, and at first Eight suggests the idea of elaborate embroidery work, but in reality it has been cleverly painted in delicately toned dyes by the two ladies, who have selected the subject of the Florentine poet reciting a melodious Boccaccian tale to a fair audience of two, evidently deeply touched. This is a fine example ef artistic skill and patience. Mademoiselle Lion has undoubtedly a great talent for miniature painting on ivory, judging from her work to be seen at the north end of the flower- embellished room. There is one of her mother, a stately looking old lady dressed in the style of the grand dames of Louis XVL time, with a clearly cut, refined face and silvery hair. There is a large portrait of her, also in oils, painted by Madame Mouchette. The exhibition, which comprises, too, several exquisite little productions of the brush, will ba open till Tuesday. There was a large and appreciative attendance on Friday afternoon. SOCTH AUSTBALttX INSTITUTE OP ARCHI TECTS.— On Tuesday evening, September 20, Mr. E. Davies, F.S.A.LA., delivereda lecture before the members of the South Australian Institute of Architects, the subject being 'Some Principles of Beauty Traced to their Source in Nature.' The lecturer s*Hd beauty resulted from those qualities in natural objects which brought them into association with pleasurable emotions previously experienced. The power of this law of association constituted the tine source whence our sense of the beautiful arose. Taking poetry, which was regarded by some authorities as the highest of all arts, he selected a passage from ' Hamlet,' which he analyzed in detail, and showed that the secret of it3 power over the human mind was due to association of ideas. The variou arta were only different methods of expressing one and the same thing, viz., thought in perfect accord with Nature j and in the case of any work, it was only when that work was conceived in the true spirit of Nature, as the passage above referred to had been shown to be, that it could property be called art at all. This was as true o£ architecture as it was of joetry. Architecture must express thought and awaken feeling. The methoda by which this -was possible of attainment were then dwelt upon and demonstrated by a variety of illustrations. A wallpanel in plaster, the work of Mr. Atkinson, modeller, had been kindly lent for the evening, and served to make clear some of the principles contended for by the lecturer, who concluded an interesting- papar by a reference to the Gothic work of the bast period, showing that it was only upon an understanding of the laws which they had been considering that snch designing had been possible; A dUeusuoa followed, ia which several of the membera, air. E. P. Nesbit, and other gentlemen who were present bv invitation, took part. The meeting con cluded with votes of thanks to the lecturer and Mr. Garlick, the Chairman. Oabdinal Mobax.— A Register cablegram has announced that Cardinal Moran is spoken of as likely to be transferred to England to fill a vacant cardinalate there. The Catholic Times writes :— 'Cardinal Moran has received an invitation from the Pope to be present in Rome on February 23, 1S03, when the Sovereign Pontiff will celebrate his Episcopal Golden Jubilee. The Holy Father contem plates marking the occasion by summoning all members of the Sacred College. If Cardinal Moran 'a presence is commanded he will leave for Europe early in January, and remain in Home for a month. His Eminence, however, makes no secret of his disinclination to leave bis diocese, and declined the invitation to attend the World's Fair in Chicago next year.' The Late Mb. B. J. Gbaxdfield.— A re spected Portonian passsd away on Saturday afternoon m the person of Mr. B. J. Grand field, who had been suffering for a consider able period. Mr. Grand field was for twenty four years in the employ of Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., having had the supervision of the Port Adelaide premises. He severed his connection with the fiim two or three years ago, snd was afterwards engaged as an agent, besides holding the position of Vice-Consul for Norway and Sweden. He was an honoured n-ember of the Alberton Baptist Church. For many years he acted as Superintendent of the Sunday-school, and he was also one of the deacons of the Church. On his resigning the positions owing to failing health the teachers and members of the Church united in present ing him with an addres3. He was at the same time elected an elder. The late gentleman, who was only forty-two years of age, leaves a widow, one son, and a daughter. Ax Improved Fishjoest fob Railways. — With the increasing weight of railway engines and the con aat demand for high speed the minds of experts are continually at work de vising improvements for reducing wear and tear to the utmost minimum. What are known as ' nshjoint3' for securely fastening the raik as they are laid end to end have received a deal of attention from engineers and others, and on Saturday one of our representatives was shown a model of a joint recently patented in all the colonies, Great Britain, and America, by Messrs. W. Sandford (proprietor of the Lithgow Ironworks, New South Walea) and W. Thornley and Edward Silcocks (of the- Now South Wales Railway and Tramways Depart ment). The inventors claim for this joint that it combines the conditions of simplicity, strength, and cheapness. It is so constructed that any ordinary feeder or ganger understands it, while it can take the plum of existing fish plates without any expense beyond its own cost. The plate consists of three pieces, viz., two angleplates, with the ordinary fishplate holes punched in them, and one bridgeplafce, which goes underneath the rail, and turns up on each side. The lower angle of the angle fishplate hooks under the hooked part of the bridgeplate on each Bide, so that when the bolts are screwed up they not only tighten the anglcplate, but the bridge plate also. It is claimed that with this fish plate the rail-jointe will be the strongest, instead of as hitherto, the weakest part of the road. The invention has been brought under the notice of the New South Walea Itailway Cummissionera, who have approved of a trial test of a quarter of a mile. This will be a severe one, owing to the heavy and fast traffic, the road selected being suburban to Sydney — between Eveleigh and MacDonneil Town. It will be watched most carefully by New Souih Wales engineers, and if successful the inventors will at once endeavour to secure the adoption of their joint generally. Mr. L. Grayson, M.P., has examined tho inventors' specifica tions and lithographs, and has expressed a very favourable opinion thereon. The Late Mr. J. G. Boothby. — In our obituary columns there appears a notice of the death at the age of sixty years of Mr. J. Gilbert Boothby, of Glen Osmond. The de ceased gentleman was a son of the late Mr. Justice Boothby, and a brother of Mr. W. R. Boothby (Sheriff), Mr. George Boothby, and Mr. Josiah Boothby, C.M.G. He had been en- gaged in commercial life in the city for a long time, and was formerly in partnership with Messrs. Turnbull & Little, and more recently with Mr. Little only. Mr. Boothby never took any interest in public matters, but for several years he filled the position of Viee ConsuI for Italy. Fukebalof ' Agnss Neale.' — The funeral of Miss C. A. Leane ('* Agne3 Neale') took place on Saturday afternoon at the Westter race Cemetery, and was largely attended. The Rev. J. B. SteDhenson officiated at the grave. Thoae who attended to pay their last respects to the deceased included members of tha Rose of Adelaide Union, Daughters of Temperance Benefit Society, of which Mia3 Leane wa3 a member. There were also present ladies and gentlemen connected with tho Pirie- streec Wesleyan and other Churches, aa well as members of the Adelaide Literary Society, which used to meet in Stow Lecture HalL A New Dei-aiiture in* Education. — Mr. W. 0. Grasby, who had long been a persistent advocate of what he calls *? practical educa tion,' has now undertaken to give. Wav Col lege the benefit of his careful study and extensive experience in thiu isuluny, ilincrioa. Great Britain, France, and Germany, ilia purpose in taking the direction of practical education is the development of all the faculties of the boys. They will do tool-work and be taught some of the principles aad practice of agriculture and horticulture, amoagst other f.hh:es, but all with a view to trne education of thu powers t-f Juiud and body in order to fit them for tha duties of life. A-j tha bjya of Sontit Australia have to engage in tha practi cal hard workof lifu Mr. Grasby wants Chum to feel the diernity of work. In the first place he wishes to interest the boys in the common objects of life. He would have them to under stand the principles cf agronomy and the nature of plant-life, so that they may understand the why and the wherefore of the operations of cultivation, manuring, and so forth. Thsy will also have a course of tool-work in connec tion with geometry and mechanical drawing. Mr. Grasby believes that there are boys whom it would be quite wrong tD attempt to teach in the way indicated, because while a school should provide for all tho varying natures and inclinations of boys it would be as great a mistake to teach all by means of tool-work as it has been in the past to neglect that im portant means of education. Metal Markets.— The Smelting Company at tha Dry Creek Smelting Works have received the following cable advice from their London agents, dated September 23: — ' Standard silver, 33. 2|d. peroz.; soft Spanish lead, £10 3a. per ton.' OPEsnfG-UP Westers Lands.— Lately the necessity was pointed out in Parliament for opening up more lands for the settlement of the people, and the Government undertook to use nil expedition in that matter. By the s.s. Lubra on Saturday a survey party, comprising Messrs. Pethick, Day, and Heath, of the Survey Department, went to Laura Bay, between Streaky and^ Fowler's Bays, on the West Coast. It is understood that two more parties are to follow shortly, with a view of cutting up land to be dealt with by the Land Board. Football. — Saturday's results were as follows :— At the Adelaide Oval South Ade laide scored 5 goals S behinds against Norwood 3 goals 10 behinds; and at Kensington Medindie made 3 goals 8 behinds against Adelaide 2 goals 2 behinds. Chilian Revolution.— On Sunday evening Mx. J. H. Schickel gave a lecture at the Demo cratic Club on the recent revolution in Chili. There was a large attendance, and Mr. W. A. Robinson presided. 1'he lecturer began by giving a comprehensive review of the state of Chili from early times up to the present, and detailing the conditions of the Constitution of 1S33. In 1SS9 Balmaceda, the then President, violated the time-honoured condition, which had done so much for tho benefit of the Chilian people, and this was the principal cause of the late revolution. The lecturer carefully reviewed the organization of the Provisional Junta which opposed Balmaceda in his am bitions aad dictatorial designs and movements. Balmaceda bribed the army, but the navy took up the cause of the Parliament, the elite of the people. Graphically the lecturer described the progress of the eisht months' war, particu larly dealing with the Battle of Placilla, which was won by the Parliamentarians, and the surrender of Valparaiso and Santiago, whioh closed this unfortunate war that co3t fifty million dollars. The troops were received on their return with great rejoicing. The lecture was listened to with great attention, and M-. Schickel resumed his seat amid considerable applause. Anothsr Women's Society. — The members of an Order known a3 the Daughters of the Court mot at tho Independent Hall, Russell street, Melbourne, on Thursday (says tho Argus), when the officers of the Order, who aro termed in order of precedence, dames, scribes, chancellors, chatelaines, and companions, were invested with their insignia of office by the Countess cf Hcpetoun, to whom an address was read explaining the object of the Order. This, as cou3isely explained in the rules, is ' to form an order of women who shall undertake to speak ill of none, end to cultivate the spirit of helpfulness, endeavouring to do at least one helpful deed every day.' The Order is formed into coteries, each of which has the right to devote itself to one object other than that for which the Order is specially formed. Theas secondary objects are, as a ride, either inte! lectural or philanthropic. For the meeting of Thursday the different coteries each undertook a separate task in making the gathering at tractive, one providing floral decoration?, another pictures, a third mii3ic, a fourth re freshments, and so on, with the result that the hall was made specially attractive, and the gathering, which was a very large one, proved thoroughly enjoyable. The Heat in Europe.— Our London ex changes for August 19 contain 3ome remark able statements as to the intense heat then prevailing in Europe. In Paris the sky was perfectly cloudless and the atmosphere wonder fully clear, while tho thermometer stood a5 98° Fahr. on the shady side of the Rue de Paix. No matter from what quarter the wind blew the heat continued undiminished. From Bordeaux the news came that the thermometer had actually risen to 113° Fahr. in the shade. Vienna was also suffering from excessive heat, and to it was attributed five cases of sudden insanity which occurred on August IS, in which the services of the 'Freiwillieg Rettungsgesel' echaft' were requisitioned. The heat was even more intense in Pesth. In that city, between morning and noon alone, there were eleven cases of sunstroke, four of which were ? very serious, and it was feared would prove fatal. A workman in Vienna fell down dead in the street in consequence of the excessive heat, and 250 fowls which wore being taken to market died on the way from the same cause. Intcnsu heat prevailed in tho Alps, and the dryness was excessive. Several fires have occurred in different parts of Switzer land. The pretty village of La Mure, on the Savoy frontier, at the foot of the Saleve, and a forest near Zermatt. were burned. Pboposed Visit o? Michael Davitt to Australia. — A special meeting of the Irish National Federation was held (reports the Southern Cross) at the Wakefield Hotel on Wednesday evening, Mr. J. A. Hewitt pre siding over a fair attendance. The Chairman remarked that he was pleased when he heard the news that Mr. Davitt contemplated a tour to Australia. He (the Chairman), when re cently on a visit to Ireland, had the pleasurfi of an interview with the great champion of th« Land League, who had been looking forward to the day when he could tour tho colonies. There could be no question aa to the successful result of Mr. Davitt'a visit. The Secretary (Mr. P. Whelan) then read a letter from Mr. J. Winter, of Melbourne, who enclosed a commu nication from Mr. Davitt, in which the latter gentleman expressed a desire to pay a visit t-- the antipodes about November next, provided sufficient encouragement was given by colonists, and that Parliament would not be sitting. Mr. Winter desired to ascertain the views of South Australians as to the proposed visit before replying to Mr. Davitt. Mr. M. J. Stapleton moved a resolution to the effect that the Adelaide Branch of the Irish National Federation extend a cordial wel come to Mr. Davitt, and use its best endeavours to mako his visit a success. The mover thought all the working classes would combine with spontaniety and pleasure towards extending a cordial reception to Mr. Davitt. Mr. G. H. Buttery (President of the Democratic Club) seconded. Their esteemed visitor would undoubtedly receive a great amount of support. Mr. Hourigan, in sup porting, expressed his admiration for the noble career of their expected guest f Mr. Davitt could time his visit early in 1893, his influence in the next elections would be stronely felt. Mr. J. O'Connell spoke in favour of the pro posal, and thought the tour would be an un qualified success. The resolution on being put was carried unanimously. It was decided to forward at once to Mr. Winter a copy of tha resolution, and to call a meeting when it was definitely known that Mr. Davitt would leave England. Mb. Samuel Deebing.— The Australian Trading World of August 13 contains the following in reference to the refusal of Mr. S. Deering to accept the C.M.G. offered to him : — 'Tho cablo newB published by the Begister was not known in London at the time, and came as a surprise to those even who are sup posed to be best posted in the news of Victoria street ; in fact, it Eeems to have been known only to a section of the South Australian Pre?B. and doubtless was the outcome of some very keen newpaper correspondent's enquiries, who kept tlse news to himself and for his news paj.-er. Looking at the circumstances of the case we are really not surprised that Mr Deering should have declined the proffered honour, and we say so without in the least wkhing to detract from the value of tho decoration or the distinction that ic confers upon the recipient. It will be observed that Mr. Deering holds the otrice of Assistant Agent-General, and during the incapacity through illness of the late Agent-General for South Australia (Sir Arthur Blyth) was Acting Agent-General, and, in fact, performed the office as practical representative of South Australia in London for a Ion? period, having not ouly the charge but the real official responsibility. The posi tion of Assistant Agent-General is one only constituted in the South Australian Govern ment Agency. In the offices of the othsr Aus tralian Governments the accredited officer is the Secretary to the Agent-General. The simple fact appears to be that there has been a misunderstanding at the Cclonial Office as to the actual position of Mr. Deering, and we do not think the surmise of our South Australian contemporary concerning the delay in the proffering of the honour is the cor rect one. It certainly is a pity that that the C.M.G. was not offered earlier, as Mr. Deering is the oldest officer in Victoria-street, and was head of several Government departments in South Australia before coming home to represent his Govern ment — in the second degree — at home. We are quite sure that if, as appears to be the case, a mistake, arising purely from a misunder standing, has been made, it will be rectified. In the case of Mr. Deering the offer of a C.M.G. does not meet the case. He is fully entitled to a EL C.M.G. or a C.B. The latter is certainly the most coveted honour, and we hope that in the flight of honours that will take place at the change of an Administration in this country, the evident mistake that has been made will warrant the colonial Minister in advising Her Majesty to confer upon so worthy a servant of the colonial Government the distinction of a C.B., or at least of a K.C.M.G.' The New Unionism and the Law of Libei. — The new Trades Unionism (says an English journal) is very fond of issuing manifestoes and circulars, and is especially desirous of in juring manufacturers of whose conduct it does not approve, or of boycotting employers who prefer to engage free labour if they like. But in the publication of these documents the law of libel is usually quite overlooked. This is what lately occurred in regard to a manifesto issued by a shadowy organization calling itself 'The Federation of Trades and Labour Unions connected with the shipping, carrying, and other ' industries,' ' and addressed to the 'Secretaries of Co-operative Societies'' every where, charging Messrs. Pink wit':i having persistently boycotted some Union men, and calling upon the working classes everywhere not to buy their goods. This circular was emblazoned with the names of the Presi dent, Vice-President, and Treasurer of the Federation, but only signed by 'Clem. Edwards' as Secretary. Messrs. Pink, how ever, brought an action against all the parties to this document for libel, and promptly obtained an interim injunction against its further publication, on the broad ground that it was a gross libel, and was calculated to injure a man in the course of his trade. As Eoon as this occurred the President, Vice President, and Treasurer backed out, and declined all responsibility for a document which bad their 'entire disapproval.' Still, the action went on, and it came before Mr. Justice Kekewioh [Times, July 21) for the purpose of having the injunction made per petual, and to settle the delicate difficulty of costs. Of ccurao the injunction was con tinued, and tho defendant Edwards, as Secre tary, was condemned in costs. The plaintiffs did not press for costs against the other defendants, the President and Treasurer, who, on the other hand, asked that the plaintiffs should pay their costs, because they had at once disclaimed all connection with the libellous circular. But the Judge declined to do anything of the sort. He said the plaintiffs were justified in making the officers of this Federation defendant in their action, and, indeed, they could not have done otherwise, for the 'Federation' was only a- name, and not a Corporation or a Company that could be BUfd. It was all very welljfor these ornamental officials to turn round after wards and say they knew nothing about, and ' entirely disapproved' of, the manifesto. But they did nothing to stop it or to disclaim it, and they allowed she Secretary to go on using their names. This case, indeed, should be a useful lesson to thoso now Unionists who will have to bear their own costs, and to employers generally, for it shows both classes that the Law Courts are quite able and willing to deal with these matters. Mb. Cabnegie and his Wobkmen.— The wages paid at Homestead for the month of May, 1892j as certified and sworn to by Mr. H. C. Frick, Chairman of the Carnegie Steel Company, Limited, before the Congressional Committee, July 13, are as follows : — Rollers ... 24 days of 8 $259.05 equal to £51 lCs. Rollers ... 22 hours per $27a50 ... £55 12s. Shear htlpeis 22 day. §05.00 .. £19 0s. Beaters ... 24 ... §190.40 ... £S3 2s. Heaters ... i3 ... S1S5.55 ... £37 2-5. Heaters ... 21 ... SI78.C0 ... £35 12s. Heaters ... 23 ... S193.10 ... £40 0s. Helpers „. 23 ... $135.00 ... £27 0s. Crauemen... 25 ... $120.00 ... £24 0s. 2ndCranemen25 „. S97.00 „. £10 6s. In English money these sums represent daily, hourly, and annually the following : — 5- Hours. Hour, j^r^ys. £ s. tl. s. d. £ s. d. Rollers ? 2 2 2 5 3 032 10 0 Rollers ? 2 10 G 0 4 767 10 0 Shear Helpers ... 0 19 0 2 4J 285 0 0 Heaters ? 1 12 7 4 1 4SS 15 0 Heaters ? 1 12 3 4 0 4S3 15 0 Heaters ? 1 11 0 3 11 47210 0 Heaters ? ... 1 14 9 4 4 521 6 0 Helpers... .„ .„ 1 3 G 3 0 352 10 0 Crauemen ? 0 10 0 2 0 240 0 0 2nd Craneinen ... 0 15 6 2 0 232 10 0 £1,490 5 0 Thus making the average earnings of the men, working eight hours per day, 3s. Sid. per hour, or £445 12s. per annum. The introduction of the newest armour-plate machinery at the Homestead Works enabled the workmen to turn out GO per cent, more steel than under the old style. The firm offered to divide the saving thn3 effected with their workmen, as had been accepted under similar conditions at another of Messrs. Carnegie's works, but the Homestead men, acting under the advice of their leaders, declined the offer and struck work. Norwood Public ScnooL. — A pleasing cere mony took place at this school on Friday, Sep tember 23, when tho teachers and scholars assembled to bid 'good-by' to Mr. W. E. Gallagher, who has been first assistant at the school. The head master (Mr. W. A. West) said that both teachers and scholars were sorry to los-e the valuable service* of Mr. Gallagher. He bad spent over seven years in the school, and had seen four different head masters come and go. The teachers and scholara felt tbat they could not let him leave without testi fying in a slight degree to his work, and he asked Mr. Gallagher to accept on behalf of the school a travelling-bag, a silver sovereign-case, and a pair of opera-glasses as marks of tho high esteem in which he was held by all con nected with the school. Mr. Gallagher, in replying, eaid he was sorry to go, but as he was bettering himself he must leave. He would never forget Norwood and the happy years he had spent there. Mr. Gallagher has been appointed to the mastership of the Terowie Public School. Pbesentation to Mr. T. A. Catereb, B. A. — On Thursday last the boys in the Upper Fourth Form at the Collegiate School of tit. Peter took the opportunity of presenting Mr. T. A. Caterer with Tennyson s works, com plete in twelve volumes, as a mark of apprecia tion from them, and to commemorate the input successful pass in the preliminary examination at the University of Adelaide that tho Echool has ever obtained, viz., the success of twenty two out of twenty-three candidates entered. The senior boy of the form, G. A. G. Degen hirdt, made tte presentation, and on behalf of the form thanked Mr. Caterer for the care and trouble, both in and out of school, that he had evinced in their welfara Mr. Caterer suitably replied, and stated that the success attained was do more than should be expected by the College, and thanked the class for the excellent way in which they had responded to his efforts. St. Cyprian's Church Schoolroom. — Last week tho residents of Lower North Adelaide were supplied with another of those pleasant entertainments with which they have been favoured during the winter months. Mre. Wastell and Miss Collins were the promoters, and thsir efforts met with signal success. The programme was short, but effective. The reci tations by Messrs. MeKeehnie, Richard, and Collins were of considerable merit, whilst Miss Jacob, Miss M. George, and Mr. J. J. Sharp received an eueore for their respective songs. The overtures by the Misses Gibb3 and Pascoe were pleasingly rendered, and the audience was captivated by tho exhibition of Indian club swinging by Mr. Block. A hearty vote of thanks to tho promoters, and to the Rev. B. C. Stephenson (Chairman) followed by the National Anthem, closed the entertainment. The Islington Employes. — By inadver tence some corrections which were marked in proofs of the report of the speeches of the deputation that v.-aitcd on the Commissioner of Public Works on Friday evening with regard to the Islington employes and half-time were not made, and inaccuracies thus crept into it. The Commissioner, in reply, spoke of having read the report of the deputation that waited on the Railway Commissioners, not the Commissioner of Public Works, a few days before, and he observed that after going fully into the whole matter he could not see haw the Railway Commissioners could made the time longer than 3 full days or 2GJ hours. Poultby Fanciers' Society. — A special summoned meeting of the Fanciers' Stock Improvement Society was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Saturday evening last. Mr. J. Laker was elected to preside over a fair attendance of members. The Secretary's report on the smoke social given in connection with the late Poultry Show men tioned that it was an unqualified succ&St.; The Secretary (Mr. L. Jocey) was instructed to write to all the members giving notice of the annual general meeting and the election of office bearers for the ensuing year. The meet ing closed with a vote of thanks to the Chair man. 'The Up-to-Date Qcakteblt.' — From Mr. G. A. Farr we have received a copy of the first number of this magazine, which is the produc tion of the Up-to-Date Society of the thriving northern township of Hawker. Including the covers, the magazine consists of twelve pages, and the contents are both original and interest ing. The President's inaugural address, and papera by Mr. James McParlan on 'The Social Problem,' by Mr. G. A. Fair advocating the abolition of capital punishment, and by '? N.S.S.' on ' Irrigation' are among the con tents. Stockade Library. — Messrs. E. S. Wigpr and Son have forwarded twenty- six volumes of hieh-class literature for the Stockade Library collection formed by the Prisoners' Aid Society. Estebtaikment. — In connection with the St. Andrews Wikefjeld-street Presbyterian Sunday-school a Eciopticon entertainment, illustrating ' A Trip down the River Thames,' i3 to be piven to-night in St. Andrew's Hall by Mr. J. R. Fowler, M.A., assisted by Mr. W. M. Green. Asstos's Art School. — At the Norwood Town Hall this evening Her Excellency the Countess of Kintorewill distribute the prizes in connection with the annual exhibition by Mr. James Aehton's students. A.N.A. — To-night's gathering of this Asso ciation is to take the form of a musical and literary evening in conjunction with the Wattle Blossom League. The dramatic club are also to appear in a comedy. 