, Ittteatimml Ifes&oit-; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23. Acts x. 3048. Peter at Cesarea. Golden Text (Acts x. 43).— ' Through His name whosoever believeth in Him shall receive remission of sin.' ' THE REQUEST OP CORNELIUS. We left Peter last week at the point where he was in doubt as to the mean ing of the vision. The messengers from Cornelius arrived, and by divine direc tion Peter received them, and on the next day accompanied them to Csesarea. Cornelius, in anticipation of the arrival of Peter, gathered his kinsmen and near friends to meet the Apostle. Peter, after a preliminary explanation of his willingness to come into such close con tact with Gentiles, asked Cornelius to state his case. Cornelius began by narrating the events, which we considered last week, in verses 1-6. We can but conjecture the topics of the prayer of Cornelius. In response to this prayer, however, he was directed by an angel to send for Peter. In addition to last week's notes, we may observe that the guidance for which Cornelius was seeking was not sent at once and directly. The angel simply told him how he was to obtain instruction. THE RESPONSE OF PETER. Peter first gave expression to the truth which he himself had learned by means of the vision of the vessel, and of the sight before him of the Gentiles waiting, for the reception of the truth and led by God to ask for it. ' God is no respecter of persons ; ' that is, God did not con fine the blessings of salvation to one particular nation. The Apostle now proceeded to preach Jesus Christ to them as the Saviour of sinners. He mentions God the Father (ver. 38) ; the Divinity of Christ is de clared in ver. 36. Cornelius might re gard Christ as a mere human teacher ; Peter declared him to be ' Lord of all.' The incarnation is indicated by the ex pression ' Jesus of Nazareth,' and His wonderful works are mentioned in ver. 38\. His crucifixion, and resurrection, and future coming to judge the world, are declared in verses 39, 40, and 42. Allusion is made to the work of the Holy Ghost in anointing Christ in ver. 38, and to the calling, qualification, and work of the Apostles, in verses 39, 41, and 42. The fact that all this was according to the ancient Scriptures is asserted in verse 43, and the practical conclusion of the whole is that ' through His name whosoever believeth in Him shall receive remission of sins.' THE DIVINE ATTESTATION. Whilst Jesus was preached to them, Cornelius and his frie'nds believed. Their acceptance with God was shown by the immediate gift to them of the Holy Ghost. So striking was the attes tation that it produced astonishment in the minds of the six Jews who had ac companied St. Peter. They heard the new converts praising God 'with tongues.' It appears that the' tongues' here spoken of, are to be explained as the utterances of ecstatic praise to God and not as the expression of thoughts in other languages. There was now but one thing neces sary to secure the full admission of these Gentiles into the Church of Christ, and that was ' the rite of baptism. Christ Himself had expressly said that those who believed were to be baptised. These Christian people did not under value the sacred ordinance. They did not regard it as an empty form which might well be dispensed with. In obedience' to Christ, the new believers were 'baptised in the name of Jesus. Christ.' (R.V.) 