THE NOVELIST« Boto Martin's Little Girl. An Australian Novel. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MUBUAY, Author of " Joseph's Coat," " Aunt Kachel," " Eainhow Gold," Seo. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] RCOMKENCED IN THE "TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL," I ;. JANUARY 30.] CHAPTER XXV. ! " A day for toil, an hour for sport." Qu the morning' of the day on which Dom set oat for London, young Redwood rosé early after a sleepless night. In middle age a slight anxiety may rob aman of his slumbers, but it takes something serious to make the night of a wholesome lad of 23 altogether feverish and unreBtful. He had counted the strokes of the village clock as it struck the quarters and the hours, and had faced a thousand phantoms before the gray dawn glimmered on the window blind. Before the day had well declared itself he rose and dressed in stealthy quiet, fearing to disturb his mother, and having foraged for a glass of milk and a crust, took up his gun, thrust a double handful of cartridges into his pocket, and Btrolled towards the Wey bridge Woods, less with intent ajainst the rabbits there than to give his mind a chance of clearing itself in the fresh air of morning from the vagabond fancies of the night. For a landowner, a man of exceptionally old family, and a Tory, Mr. Woy bridge bad one remarkable characteristic. He was au ardent opposer of the Game Laws, and steadfastly refused to preserve his shoot- ing, and ever since George had been of an age to carry a gun he had had the freedom of wood and warren. So far as the rabbite were concerned his licence lusted all the year round, and constant practice ' had made him a dead shot. He had not walked far when the faith- ful Sam appeared in sight, and at once attached himself to the young favorite as a matter of course. Sam was an early riser by old habit and always smoked his first pipe in the open air, unless held in doors by extreme stress of weather. When the iirst greetings were over, George showed himself indisposed to talk, and Sam, yielding obedience to his mood, they rambled OD in silence. The rabbits seemed unusually plentiful that morning, but George threw away half a dozen chances, .and missed two or three easy shots. " Here, Sam," he said afc length, handing the gun to his companion. "You'd better try your. hand. I'm no good this morning. I don't feel as if I cared about it." Sam recalled his own sensations in early courtship, when 'Tilda had chosen to be too coy or too exacting. Too much dis- posed in one way or another to test the limits of her power, and he came to the Conclusion that Miss Hetheridge had been " playing up " with her sweetheart. \- " That'll be all right in a day or two," said Sam, within himself ; " but it's nasty and unpleasant while it lasts." He grew very keen on the shooting, which was a rare form of sport with him, and soon forgot to notice his comrade's dejected manner. When he had rolled over half-a-dozen rabbits, the sound of a gun not far away reverberated through the woods, and George took back his own piece, A rabbit darting across the path a moment later, he fired. " Hullo !" cried a hearty voice at some little-distance. " Who's out there ?" . «« I don't know that voice," said Sam. " Who is it ?" " I don't kuow it, either," Redwood answered, but he shouted back iii answer to the hail. A crackling noise was heard as of some heavy body forcing its way through the dry undergrowth, It came nearer, and by and-bye an unusually portly gentleman, elderly and white of beard, but florid in complexion, and with eyes as bright as a "bird's, stepped out upon the path. He stared at Redwood almost as if he had seen a ghost. " Upon my soul,'' he said, as if to him- self, " I never saw such a likeness in my life. You've forgotten me, I suppose, young gentleman ?" u No, indeed, Sir Eustace," Redwood answered. " By gad," said the baronet, shaking him Warmly by the hand, " I should haye known you anywhere. I should have re cognised you in the middle of the great Sahara. Such an extraordinary likeness I can't remember to have seen. You're your father over again-even to tho little bits of side whisker," he added, moving his head from side to side, as his keen eyes took stock of George. *' My mother tells me so," Redwood answered, " but a little miniature we have at home tells quite a different story." .« Well," said Sir. Eustace, " I'll back your mother against the miniature." " You're out early," cried Sir Eustace, in his jolly way. " So am I. I like to taste the day when it's fresh, and there's no better companion than a gun. This one isn't much use to me," he continued, holding out the weapon he carried. " Stock's too long. Can't get the con- founded thing to my shoulder. And how are you, and how's your mother? I got down last night," he went on, without waiting for a repl}* to these queries. " I hear.l you'd called, but I was chatting with my sister at the time. And how's old Dom ? Good chap, Dom. Knows his business. W^y bridge gets all the prizes now. I did wheo, old Dom was with me. First rate fellow, Dom.*' He fixed his keen eyes on Potter. . I've seen you. be- fore somewhere.'' " Well you have, boss, and that's a fact," Sam answered. " I thought so," said Sir Eustace, staring at him. Where was it?" Sam gave him a mysterious, sidelong motion of the bead to indicate that he would rather answer this question in private. Redwood observing thiB strolled a few paceB away, and Sam with a repeti- tion of the sidelong motion, and throwing in a mysterious wink with it, led Eustace in an opposite direction. " The young boss has never been told about it," he whispered, " and I don't want him to know. Him and me's beon mates ever since ho was that high. 1 was brought up before you," said Sam, leaning forward and breathing hard into the baronet's ear, " on suspicion of his father." Sir Eustace started back in a momentary astonishment. "Ah," he said, " I remember now." He looked Sam up and down in some wonder- ment at the respectability of his appear- ance. " And what are you doing here ?" " Well, it's this way, boss, i'm a li vin' on my income." " Oh," said Sir Eustace, dryly, " you're one of the local gentry, are you ?" " They call me a gentleman on the voting list," Sam answered with perfect simplicity, " but that don't make aheap o' difference. I don't set much store by it anyhow. It doesn't make much difference in the price o' tea, does it,boss?" " As I seem to remember," Sir Eustace answered, " tea was not your beverage when I made your acquaintance." " It is now, though," Sam returned, " and has been this many a year. It's like this, you know-" " Well, I'm glad you've reformed," said Sir Eustace, cutting him short majesti- cally. " It was drink that led you into that scrape, my good fellow." " Right you are, boss," Sam assented warmly. " Right you are. But it was like this, you know-" " Redwood," Sir Eustace shouted, and marched off after the youngster, somewhat impolitely, to" Sam's way of thinking. George paused till the baronet overtook him, and Sam following sauntered in the rear. "You've taken your degree?" said Sir JEustace, He looked with evident admira- tion at the stalwart, well set up young j fellow beside him. " Trinity Hall, I think they said. And now what are you. going to do with yourself ?" " I mean to make a civil engineer," George answered. " I'm off to Liege in a week or two to get an insight into the practical part of the business." " That's well," said Sir Eustace. " No- thing like having an occupation if you wistu to be happy. I've been obliged to put up with hobbies all my life. A pro- fession would have been the making of me. Whiit are you doing to-day ?" George confessed that he had nothing special on hand. "Then," Baid the baronet, "come and breakfast with me. Seven o'clook's my time. Weybridge won't be down till 8, and I ßhall be lonely. Directly after breakfast I'm going to have a shy at some of those giant carp in the park pool. Come and join, and we'll make a merry morning of it." «.Thank you, Sir Eustace," said the, youngster, " I will with pleasure. I muBt let my mother know where I am, but Sam will see to that for me." . He turned to Potter, who was lounging tranquilly in the rear, pipe ia mouth. " I'm going to breakfast with Sir Eustace Wyncombe, Sam," he said. " Will you call as you go homo and let ray mother know ? And, by the way, I'll tell you what you might do for me. You might go into my room and get my fishing taokle. I shall want-" and here he ran into details of rod, line, and bait. Sam accepted the commission with alacrity. " You'll want somebody to punt you about, Master George," he said. " I'm the man for that job." " If Sir Eustace pleases," George re- turned, and the baronet offering no oppo- sition, the arrangement was made. While Sir Eustace and George were still at breakfast, Si-m carried the fishing tackle up to the li all, and in due time set off with them to the park pool, where he set to work with great vigor to bale out and mop up an old punt which waa moored in the boathouse. All being in readiness, the trio embarked, and Redwood and Sir Eustace beguiled the carp, whilst Sam smoked his pipe in tranquil enjoyment, and lent a hand when he could be of service. George was not sorry to have escaped the threatened conference with his mother. It could hardly be less than painful to them both, and though he knew that he had only secured a postponement, the weight was off his shoulders for the moment, and with the happy elasticity of youth he felt his spirits rising, and de- termined vaguely that everything would go well after all. Sir Eustace had the first stroke of luck, and found himself engaged with amonsttr, who, after affording excellent play, was brought in workmanlike fashion to the side of the punt, where Sam was in readi- ness for him with the landing net. Almost at that instant George felt a tug at his own line, and forgot everything but the excitement of the sport. The tish lay like a log and sulked. " Feel this, Sir Eustace," he cried. " If it weren't for an occasional tremble in the line you might think I was anchored fast to the bottom." Sir Eustace took the rod and surren- dered it lingeringly and unwillingly. " You're in luck," he said, half enviously. " You've got a real whacker there. Handle him delicately, and he'll begin to stir in a while." The fish endured much gentle persuasion before he could be roused from his first attitude of sulky protest. But by-and-bye he began to make a tight for it. " He's making for that weed bed,'.' cried Sir Eustace, who watched every move with excited interest. " Keep him from that or you've lost him." The line waa as taut as a harp string*, and the rod was bent nearly double. The fish hung like an immovable dead weight, and all on a sudden, with a tearing sound, the rod gave way at the second joint from the top, and the angler, stumbling backwards, would have toppled into the water but for Sam's intervention. The fish, amazed at the sudden relaxation of the strain, made a dash towards the punt, and the rod was secured, and a considerable portion of the loose line drawn in and made faßt. It parted like a bit of tow a minute later, and George sat ruefully down to lament his lost opportunity and to anathematise the rodmaker. " There's a piece of rubbish for you," he said in a doleful voice, " split from top to bottom. Beautifully balanced as it was, too, I shall never get a rod to suit me better." " The virtue of a rod," said Sir Eustace, with easy wisdom, " is to hold whatever you get on it." " I can make that good, " Master George," said Sam. " At least I think I can. I've got some odd pieces down at home, and I think there's one of them that fits this. I'm almost suro there is." " Just run up to the hall and get another rod, there's a good fellow," said Sir Eus- tace, in his good humoredly autocratic way, and Sam obedient made off. This episode of the broken rod led to serious and unlooked-for results. "When the day's sport "was over Sam took the sound pieces home, and found that, as he believed, a spare joint of his own fitted the place of the broken one to perfection, and in the dusk of the evening he walked up to Mrs. Redwood's house, and presented himself at the hall door. There was still a little lingering light without, but within doorB all waB dark. Sam rang, and for a little while received no answer, but fcy-and b.ye George Ked wood himself responded to the summons. " Hello, Potter, old man,is that you?" he cried from ,J.he darkness of the hall. " My mother's out, and the girls have pone off gossiping into the town. I've been sit- ting -thinking and keeping blind man's holiday. Come in. I'll get a light in a minute." Sam groped jhis way? into the hall, and as he did so George, wheeling briskly round, came into rough contact with the hall table. He recovered himself in a moment, laughed, and walked along the hall, leaving Potter in a very curious and remarkable condition of mind. That little accident had happened somewhere before, and it seemed to him a matter of the supremest moment that he should find out when and where. Whilst he stood ponder- ing he saw the glimmer of a light from a corridor which ran from one side of tho hall. A fall against a table in the dark, followed by a glimmering of light. What did that merni ? When had these two things happened in his history before? And why should they be of such moment to him ? The light came nearer, as he seemed to have known it would. " Come along, old ohap. You know the way," cried George. Ile followed like a man in' a dream. "What, was there wonderful in a mian carry- ing a lighted candle in a dark corridor that it suould startle him so, and awake in his heart such an amazed expectancy and fear? The shutters of the room they entered were fast, as he had known they would be. Ile knew the table which stood at one of the windows. Therj was nothing remarkable in it-he . had seen*it scores of times before, and yet its presence seemed to deepen the sens-e of bewildered awe which had stolen on him. Redwood eet the candle on the table and held out his hand for the fishing rod, which Sam handed to him in its canvas case. Redwood turning to the. table, untied the string by whioh the case was secured, and began to inspect the rod. Potter, with that dream-like look of expectancy deepen- ing on his face with every passing second, glanced towards the mantelpiece, and there standing on one, corner of it was a little Japanese nitchki, precisely such à figure as he had regarded in a room in Melbourne years ago at the instant when Hetheridge's murderous stroke had felled him to the floor. The pulses in his head beat loud, and his breath came short and quick. , The room seemed to darken and dazzle on his sight, and suddenly he turned with a wild cry on his companion. " My God, matey, I remember I"; Redwood started from his seat, and, turning, seized Potter by the arm just as hs seemed in the act of falling. "My dear chap," he asked, "what's the matter with you ? Here, sit down." He led him to a sofa, and having seated him there crossed the room for the caudle and returned. "I'm all right now," said .Sam. "It came to me at a run. I've been trying to get at it for years, and now I've got it." Ile was staring and trembling, and the sweat stood in beads upon his forehead. Redwood was in some natural fear about him, and scrutinised him with a. close anxiety. , " What have you got, old chap r" he asked, soothingly. " Now don't you excite yourself ; take it easy." , " I'm all right," said Sam again. " Don't you mind me, Mr. George. I'm righter than I have been for years past. I've got my memory back again. lt's knocked me about a bit, coming so sadden like, but I m all right." Redwood still regarded him solicitously, but thought it judicious to hold his tongue and wait. Sam drew out a gaily-colored handkerchief from bis pocket and mopped, his face. When he looked up, the traces of excitement had so far vanished that Redwood felt relieved. "Now, old chap," he Baid, setting the candle on the mantelpiece. " What was it?" "I'll tell you,V Sam responded, "I'll tell you all about it. In '57-that's 18 years ago, ain't it ?-I was in Melbourne me and 'Tilda was married just a month or two. I'd came into my property, and Tilda wanted to come home. So did I. Not be- cause there was anybody here I cared about or a soul as might remember me for that matter, but I thought I'd like to see the old country again. I waB willing to do anything to oblige 'Tilda, and so I agreed lo come. Well, 'Tilda had been in service. ' She'd been a nursemaid." j.. ? r : v. " That was to Miss Hetheridge P'.' inter- jected Redwood. " I didn't mean to tell you that just yet, but I might ha* known you'd guess. That was to Miss Hetheridge, as you say. I'd meant to leave his name out, but it's got in and it may stop in. Hetheridge, he went up oountry, and the little gell was off to England with the Reverend Jordan Farrell. That was the time as I got married, while Hetheridge got bushed up on the "Walla gong, as it was given out as he was dead." .' " Yee," said Redwood, «« I remember to have heard of that.'* "His death was in the papers. His house, at ¡St. Kilda-that's a part of Mel- bourne where the nobs live-his house waa empty. The housekeeper had gone away and took the key with her. 'Tilda's bit of a swag was there, and I borrowed the key and .. went to fetoh it away. Now, who should I meet in that there deserted empty house- but Hetheridge himself. He was the nioture o' death, with a two months' beard on him, and dressed like a common rouseabout. I pinned him at first, mis- taking him for a thief, but when I found out who it was, o' course I let him go. We went into a room to talk. « You wait there a minute,' ba5 a he, * and I'll talk to you dirt-oily.' Tie sits down ata table like that there, and i turns away to look about the room." Sam arose, and, walking to the mantel- piece, took up the little Japanese figure. " That," he said, holding it under Red- wood's gaze in his brown palm. "That is the thing as brought it all back into my1 mind again. I was standing lookin' at a thing ou Hetheridge's mantelpiece, the very livin' image of this one, when all of a sudden I gets a regular welter on the bead enough to knock your brains out. It was . nigh on two yeaifs afore I got my wits aaitín." .V And you believe that Hetheridge struck ybiï;?''1; Redwood asked in half incredulous astonishment... .« Of -tfmrsèhe did," cried Potter. " There wasn't a toul in the house bût him and me. Left me there for dead, the murderous minded scoundrel." " But the motive," said Redwood, almost queruously. " What was the motive P Why should he try to take vour life ? Were you enemies ?" " We wasn't the best of friends," Sam answered. " But there was no real iii blood between us. Not as I ever under- stood." The story looked on the face of it wildly improbable. Redwood had heard, over and over again, that in his own younger dayB, before their acquaintance had begun, Sam Potter had been <' queer." He had known him intimately since then, and had never found even the trace of a twist in Sam's simple and transparently honest mind. Here, perhaps, he thought, the crank might show itself for the first time in his remem- brance. The absence of intelligible motive in the deed ascribed to Hetheridge seemed fatal to belief. " What do you intend to do about this, Sam?" he asked, after long cogitation. "Do?" Sam returned, "I don't suppose I can do anything. It's like this, you see. It's my word agen' his. It's 18 years auo. How do I- know where the Melbourne doctors are now ? How could I get 'em over here to swear I was knocked on the head ?" " Tell me, Sam,", said Redwood, " are you quite sure that this is no fancy of yours.' " Fancy," Sam answered, rather bitterly. " It*a'no fancy that that there cruel night's work robbed me o' three o' the best years *of my life. You ask Tilda, and she'll tell ..you. I was like a baby on her hands for the best p irt of a year. Like a kid I was., I for.ot how to speak for eight mGuths, and that was all along o' meeting him here in Wellsted, outside your gates. I remem- bered everything then of a sudden just as I did to-night. I took bim by the neck and I marched him off to the police. It was too much for me-knock me clean silly. I was afraid it was goín' todo the same thing again to-night, but I am stronger now, thank God. No, no, Master George ; there's uo fancy about it, what- ever else there is." He was absolutely cool and colleoted to look at, and had never in his life Bpoken more rationally or collected. George, not knowing wbat to make of the story, Bat with his head in his hands trying to think some me.-ning into it. Neither he nor Potter had heeded a ring at the outer door, 'but uow lhere came a knock at the door of the room they sat in. One of the maids had returned from the gossip of which George had accused her. "Mr. Dom is below and wishes to see you, sir." . " Show him in here." 