ALL SAISTS' BEXDIOO PARO CHIAL MISS10 X. The ten days' parochial mission-in All Saints' parish, Bendigo, lias been a period of stirring up, and much spiritu.il refreshment to the parishioners. The Kev. Canon Flower, of t. letter's, Baliarar, entered upon his special work on Saturday, 3rd September, v.hen, at an even ing service, in the presence of a full cor.;;; ela tion the incumbent solemnly handed over to the missioner's loving care and faithful teaching, the souls of all who should assemble in the church during the mission. Careful prepara tion, by means of a week night service, house to house visitation, distribution of letters and tracts, had been made by the vicar and a band of workers during the six weeks immediately preceding the minion, thus the whole parish v.a3 in an attitude of ex pectation with respect to it. The special ser vices numb.re 1 thirty-four, besides eight a'ter meetkius, at all of which the attendance was Urge, the church sometimes being filled to overflowing. Summonsed, the services were as follows :-Saturday, 3rd September-Introduc tory service, with reception of and address by the missioner. Every morning, at 7.30, holy communion, with a plain, practical and edify ing instruction. During tlia mission these lucid and instructive addresses Were very highly ap preciated by the communicants of the palish, who in the aggregate numbered upwards of four hundred. Kach evening, at 7.30, there was a mission service and a seiies of heart searching addresses, and fervid and earnest np piwls upon the questions, " Wheie is the inrigc and superscription';"' (L-.ike xxii-20.) "And the Lord God called unto Adam am! said, where art thou ?"'-(Gun. iii., 9.) "How should Man be just with God?"-(Job jr., 2.) " Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? said the Lord God, and not that he should return from his w.iya and live?" (Kzekiel xviii., 23.) " Sh-ill Ihc'prey bo taken from the mighty ?"'- (Isaiah xlix , 24.) " What? Know ye not. . . . that ... ye are not your own ? For ye are bought with a price?" (1 Cor., vi., 19 20.) The after meetings were very largely attended by earnest listeners who seemed to eagerh'drink inevcry word of thequiet, incisive, and probing addresses of the missioner. On different days there were four children's services, which were largely attended bv Sun day school and other scholars. Indeed, between the missioner and the children their sprung up, a*; oncc, a friendship which grew with the pro gress of the missioner. The four services for women were a strong feature in the mission;but the two for men were attended, judging numeri cally, with oniy partial success. For some rea son or other the great bulk of the men in the parish seemed to 1)3 suspicious of services an nounced "For men only." Nevertheless fa'r numbers attended these services, and they were greatly in:erestcd and edilied hv two rousing an:l eloquent sermons on the words "And Jesus said, make the men sit down." (John vi., 10), " and Thou saye»t-1 urn rich and increased with goods, and have need of notliing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor and blind and naked." (Hev. iii, 17.) Perhaps, in many respects, tlia most interest ing service in the whole mission series was that for young persons confirmed in recent years. The present incumbent has presented for con firmation, during the last nine 'years, 527 can didates. Of these only- 193 are left in Bendigo, and iu response to a special invitation from their pastor ISO of these attended the service designed for them on Sunday afternoon, the 11 tli instant. This number was supplemented by about30 others confirmed in recent years in other places. It was-a pretty and encouraging sic;ht that of "young men and maidens," young married couples, and comparative children, who have willingly come together to ba re minded of the baptismal promise which they had each renewed at their respective confirma tions. The missioner addressed them very felicitously on the words-" That good thing which was committed unto their keep by their Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us".-(2 Tim., 1, 11). The private interviews with the missioner were numerous, and some touching requests for prayer were deposited in the missioner's box in the porch. It would be extremely unwise, and indeed such an attempt would be very futile, to cast up the results of the mission. It is probable that some of the good seed sown may. grow quietly, perhaps unnoticed by human eyes, and it is no part of the creature's province to number those who have yielded up their hearts in response to their Master's call; but there have been in this mission some signs evidencing much "earnest ness on the part of those who participated in it, and these call for thankfulness to the Bountiful Giver of all good things. One sign is the heartiness with which the financial liabilities of the mission were met. Collections were made only on Sundays and on thanksgiving night, on Monday, 12th inst., and not one word was said about expenses during the six weeks of pre paration; and yet not only were the average Sunday offertories given, but all the expenses of the mission - some £25 - provided, £15 given to special objects, inclusive of £G 10s to the Bishop of Melbourne Fund, and £5 to the Ballarat, Home Mission Fund, and over and above these special charges there was a surplus of £13 for All Saints' Parochial Fund. Another sign of encourage ment was the readiness with which people ex hausted a considerable stock of certain devotional books recommended by the mission. Within three days after the mission closed, there was not a book left, and a fresh supply had to be ordered. Taken altogether, there appears to be much cause for thankfulness thai the first ten days' mission ever held in AU Saints' parish, Bendigo, has been so highly appreciated by all who have directly, or indirectly, parti cipated in it. 