AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. The lefthanded farewell demonstration to Mr. Muaro at the Melbourne Town Hall the other evening was large and en thusiastic beyond expectations. But wlmt wonder, considei-iog that Melbourne is so largely sprinkled with shareholders aud depositors in land-banks and building societies which .of- Into have got into •trouble;' that Munro is haled by the poworfuHiquor trade audits cohrina and its aunts aa few men in Victoria nro bated ; tnat ho is down on his financial uppers, which lays him open t > tho-sneers and jibes of every taproom keeper and loafer in Melbourne; and lastly that ua Munro in his days of prosperity was never noted for his urbanity of temper or sym pathetic demeanor, except for himself, eo in his days of distress and adversity, with land banks tumbling about his ears, and the grinning ghosts of English and Scottish depositors giving at him with long, bony faces from over the ocean, his natura'Iy .morose and dictatorial temper did not undergo an improvement, but he was insulting people all round, from mem bers of Parliament in the closing hours of the last session,- down to tho miserable unemployed during the recess. La’gcly tho Munro sond-ofl’ mooting was made up of the unemployed whom Mr. Munro, with his impatience and test'ness, had offended, and who showed so little sympathy for them that had it not been for Mr. Wheeler threatening to ro--iga unless something were done for them, the proba bilities are that no hing would have been tried till the Munro had safely succeeded in refoalhoriug his own netd. There were many causes for tho great size of the meeting—causes as remote and far apart as were the social and class environments of the speakers at tho add meeting—Sir Archibald Michie, the old Conservative swell and a past Agent-General; Sir Men der* on Africanus, a fine old follow once, but now nearing bis dotage; Flynn, a labor loader, whom the Melbourne papers are never tired of flinging at; Grondona, a Spanish merchant of Melbourne, who contrives to keep his name well before tho public; A. C. McDonald, an individual I unknown to fame ; a party mimed Web-' ster, and so on. The platform speakers were as motley a crew, no doubt, as were the people they were speaking to. But it was too late for tho gathering to bo of any* etlect. Tho thing was cut and dried weeks before, and it was only doing harm to tho colony 16 bo girding at tho Agent- General at tho eleventh hour, and pro claiming it to anyone In the old country who takes an interest in colonial nllairs, that Victoria's now Agent General was very much of a humbug and a political fraud. But tho salary of £2500 per annum is an unblushing gift to Mr. Munro. There was no necessity for appointing an Agent General for months to come. The Government, according to Munro, was a retrenching one, but it seems that its policy varied with tho varying fortunes of its chief. There was no necessity for making an appointment, as Sir Andrew Cl‘»rko was acting in London, and doubt* Icssly would only be ‘ too pleased to I continue to act as long as Victoria pleased : in order to show his gratitude and make faome slight return for the pension of £800 per annum which Victoria, for about 30 long years has been paying him, Sir | Andrew Olarko is described as a man still in the full enjoyment of his mental powers, which wero, when h? was here, of more than average quality, and from his position in her Majesty’s service and his life-long reputation, could bo safely entrusted with the management of the Agent General’s office, and tho spending of tho large sums of money which go out through that channel. Tho long drought—there hns been no rain for nearly four months worth calling rain—is beginning to make itself un pleasantly feit. This is even the casein Bendigo, whore there should be such a good water supply, if so much of it wero not was’ed by people who got too much of it, am} are so innately moan that they will let it run across tho footpaths in useless streams out of their gardens, when other people a m»le or two away cannot get a drop, and when other men and families are being put out of their means of living because of tho inability to get water —at Bruce’s crushing works at Eaglehawlc, for example. It is about time that a general deputation was ap pointed on the rain question, for, Dr. Moorhouso to the contrary, if it could do no good, it could at least do no harm, and would help to fill in pie interim, till i*ain descends in the fulness of time. The drought is costing tho citizens a good many of tho much prized street tree?, and the ignorant foolishness whilst doing street improvement work, of hacking about the roots of the elms in summer, when tho said roots have such largo heads of foliage to supply with sup, is aggravat ing tho effects of the drought. The trees in Williamson street have now began to die on the other side of tho street, and next year, unless something can be done, it looks as if there will bo a pitiful-looking avenue of dry and cracking tranks instead of tjie refreshing green prospect that at this time lost year was to be seen on looking up or down the street. On the higher lying parts of tjiocity, where the soil is shallow, the death-rate amongst tho two, three, and four year old “replaces” is perhaps worse than it was in tho drought of three y?a s ago—that is, in the potato famine year, when those articles reached CJ per pound, and apples had to be imported from California. Thpy are dying from the continued effects of dupt sjjlfoqating t|ip Ip&vos;, qnj| their roots being if nable to 4raw sustenance j from the dry earth. They have some men witli watorcarts dawdling about in the' trife municipal stroke style, giving the younger trees a pouching on<?6 in a while, bjft l|foir yistys ere tow and far between and iho vr.oather |s poo hot to be doing a great deal. However, if respectable citizen would adopt the plan which an old friend of mine carries out in the summer, Bendigo would nil through the summer Jcqt fgr greenpr and nicer than it docs. He gives a bpckc£ qf v ft P er > orR couple of buckets, evpry d*iy lQ the street trees In front of h|s house, and the conse quence is that I]is front d°o r prospect is always a ch orful and oo|iycniqg pno. fiuyord peace of mind is largely made up outward scrotindb»gs ? and tho distressed ego ot a tree raises fee-} lugs ip an impres sionable mind al<in to those ejccited by the visible withering away of a human bebig, , There is nothing like a wet, cold, and boisterous winter's day, except it be a long railway journey for pleasure, for singling out the strong, healthy, and vigorous members of tin community from tho .'ycafri’ng!/- 1 ast Saturday morning there was * tI)o"<fn$uaf railway njon’s trip to pallnrat « n 4 beck*—’ten h°ur3 on board the train going and returning. ’’4Wufc flOO people in Sandhurst imistPred «p tfio courage tn Ifloklo the journey. As usual, the fair sex turned «,p in strong propor tions. And of strong proportions indeed they were. There didn’t seem to bp a yojing wopinii amongst them who would I scale Jeep ’Ippb pj stone or go under a car-; I penteris ru|e lower tlfon ,'fiin frpm t}j« [ ground. They v/ero physicalJy a magnifi cent sample of Bendigo young wom/in hood, tho weak and delicate ones amongst their feminine friends having been Into Stops »ni«, though tlie .fear of a pico.V top was'to be passed wedged in a ho\ . . Pailwdy jctrrinpo. Young men in want: of a wife that*'won$ pireiaatursly die oh their hands or fill tho hoi&e; wi’ji. emptied medicine bottles, should havO been up r at tho railway station lost Saturday morn ing. “Such a fine, big, well-grown lot of young girls I never saw before,” said one cheery old fellow ns be dor ended jhe station s'cpa and wont homo to .*u*n wljat. them wus f.»r breakfast. Schools of mines are’being established in all fhc larger townships, even whore the only mining that is done i« digging forpotitoe?. They have one at Sale and another at-Kyncton. At the bitter insti tution for the Imparting of mining know ledge th'iy arc forming a class for instruc tion in—could you guess'? In noiontifio dressmaking, to bo tiughtby ayouog lady from Mol bourne I Some of our miners* wives and daughters, we all know, are very natty and nice in their dresses, blit up here we have not yet thought of teach ing dressmaking at the School of Mines. The committee should, however, see to it, that Kyncton don’t steal a march on thorn in the dissemination of practical mining knowledge. Who is the individual who so carefully concealed his identity llmt he instructed Mosers. Connelly and Tatchcll to write a lawyer’s letter for him to the City Council with the object of bluffing the councillors out of voting .£5O (o the Bendigo Deve lopment Society 1 From what I am told, it would not be very difficult to lay one’s hand on the individual who has adopted this plan of hedge-shooting a person who is inimical to him. If the TUv. Keith Mackny were not the secretary of the Development Association, it is suspected the lawyers would nrver havo been in structed to write the letter; or if that is not tho secret motive, then it is some personal enemy of tho mayor who has done it Whatever tho motive is, it was a mean one, as tho development society has already given tho district a good deal of advertising and the £5O coutd notbc better invested for tho ratepayers gener ally, than in helping (ho association to continue their work. What the majority of the councillors should have done w.»s to have treated the letter as an anuony moiiij one, otherwise they will find the sumo g uno being played on th»m every now and again, whenever an ill- grained ratepayer wants to secretly got oti’a bit of spite. 