The Americans are just now celebrat ing the fourth century of a great land mark in history. It is a landmark that defines the point of divergence between an old and a newer civilisa tion. It is a somewhat pitiful com mentary upon the spirit of the nation to which the great navigator belonged that the enthusiasm with which his discovery is being celebrated is shown more by the offshoots of another nation than his own. It is true that the two Americas unite in glorifying his name; and that, in a lesser degree, Spain, which was responsible for the effort to discover anew way to the east, is also doing her part; but the greater effort, the higher enthusiasm is shown by the English- speaking race in the United States. To cast back .to the time when Christopher Columbus was looking longingly across the Atlantic is to go back to a strange era and a strange people. We, who are still further away from the “ Old World” than America is, and who occupy a land still less dreamt of than the great Western continent, look on with dispassionate feelings; and yet the discovery which was made by Columbds was in all respects more than geographical in its effects. It is but right that a people who hare gained so much from the voyage of Columbds across the then unknown Atlantic should be carried away with their desire to honor their benefactor. It is probable enough that Columbds was not very far in advance of his time. From the character of the man, as later researches have revealed him, it is more than likely that his earlier travels had given him some idea of a great mainland not far off. If the Genoese bad not got the help and assistance of Ferdinand and Isabella, and made the historic voyage, the Americas could not have remained in darkness much longer. That he was able to focus the fairy tales and the stories of the freebooters of his time, and draw the definite conclusion that ( he did, is to his honor, whatever there was in his following life that was dishonorable. The four centuries of the existence of America as a factor in civilisation have been, years of varying success and failure—the one thing striking about its history being that where the people from the old world went to found a nation having its roots in freedom of thought and action, they have succeeded; but where they went merely seeking the wealth which they could carry away, they have miserably failed. The North, which has been dominated by the Teutonic races, offers a great contrast to the South, under the Latins. This has not so much been due to an inability of the Latin races, to colonise, and civilise, as it has been because they never felt the inoperation which the more northern nations felt. There is all the difference between the motives of the voyages that followed that of Columbds and that of the “ May flower.” There is all the difference, too, in the results. Beginning with Cortez and Pizarro, and ending with the planting of the Braganza dynasty in' Brazil, and the attempt of the third Napoleon to, overawe ' Mexico, the Latin* races have sought the new world only to replenish the coffers of the old. Canning’s famous saying that he called in the new world to redress the balance of the old, bad a greater and better meaning in the colonisation of the North. The contrast offered by the progress of the United States and of Canada to the turbulence of the Southern republics is that of a people making a home in anew land to that of a people merely exploiting new fields of riches. Both Columbus arid his followers carried' much that was bad from the. old world to the new. On the other hand the people who went forth to seek peace and freedom in the North carried little of-the vices of the old world, because, beyond a necessary narrowness of theology, they had few to carry. The effect of the discovery of America has been felt more in a larger sense than in a geographical one. Hence it is that the great trading nation of the West more fit tingly leads the festivities than the erratic people who" are rapidly falling to the level of inferior races in the South. As an outlet for the crowded cities of Europe, America has been of marvellous value. Asa wide, wide world, in which human expansion could have full play, it has been of just as great value. Americans say that they are a nation of big ideas because they own a big continent. The quaint story of the Yankee who was afraid to take his morning walk when in England for fear of walking over into the sea, is an exaggeration of the feelings that animate our cousins; but that very exaggerated importance has given them their expansive power. With out America the old world would not only have been the poorer for two continents, but it would have been the poorer both in wealth and in ideas. It was an irony of fate which in the crucial straggle between Spain and England for maritime supremacy made the new world a source of weakness to the power that fitted out the little fleet of Columbus, and a source of great strength and experience to England. Again to-day the same ironical dealing is evident. The Latin races in South America are under a cloud; the Teutonic people in the North are spreading their influence far and near. No doubt' there are many pages in American history that are stained. The religions differences in the South, the racial differences, and slavery in the North are dark pages; but taking the whole four centuries at a glance, as we do in our backward look, the outcome of the discovery has been of great good. To trade and peoples mostly has the good come, and a great exhibition which is just being nominally opened is a fitting tribute to the discovery. Government surveyors are now steadily at work securing a complete geological survey of the Ballarat mines. The work is one that will occupy some months probably two years —but, when it is completed, it is hoped that it will give an impetus to this, goldfield that will return to the State many times the amount spent in the research.. A similar survey carried 1 out at Bendigo has, it is claimed, furnished the key that will unlock the natural storehouses of golden metal in that district. It may be too soon lo sing “lo trioraphe” yet, but it is certain that Mr Dunn’s researches have had the effect of securing a more systematic method of mining, and have induced the spending of a much larger amount of money in prospecting with results that are already most cheering. His recom mendations have given anew impetus to deep sinking in Bendigo, that has very largely increased the output of gold. If a key can be found to un lock the mysteries, of crosscourses, slides, breaks, and other faults in our lodes, it will give a confidence to in vestors that is now to some extent lacking, and will lead to the employ ment of hundreds more miners. Our most experienced miners are confident that within and below the depths already explored . in Ballarat, there are millions of tons of quartz waiting to yield their golden trophies to those who will delve for them on a truly scientific basis. Co-equal in importance with this is the necessity for treating the matrix in the most effective and economical manner. On this subject we have of late published a series of practical articles, well worthy the perusal of mining managers, metal lurgists, and others. At present our fractious ores are a puzzle, to unravel which some of the ablest men of the day are bending their intellects. Our present methods are, we know, waste ful either in time or material. The man who solves the riddle will be rich almost beyond the dreams of avarice. Given the discovery of these two keys —and one of them, at least, seems to be within measurable distance—and it would be difficult to over-estimate the wealth of Ballarat. The mining market has been singu* larly quiet during the week, a result due to two factors—the near approach of the racing carnival and the com parative failure of two ventures from which much was expected by many. The tendency of shares generally has been downwards. Band and Albions strengthened a little, owing to the fact that gold is seen on the plates from a trial crushing taken out of the 1500 feet level, where no gold has been seen of late in the stone. Shares sold up to 14s Ud on Saturday. Golden Moun tains, suffered a decline, though it is said the yield leaves a profit. The return from 275 tons treated during the week was 45- oz, and it is stated that the expenses are only 15 oz. Hepburn Estates firmed a little, and sold up to 13s 3d on the strength of a yield.of 47£ oz from four machines. • During the week fair business has been transacted in the above and also in Working Miners Homebush, Midas No. 1, Llanberris No. 1, North Duke, Temperance and Egerton, Tlie committees of the Trades’ and Labor Council and the Ballarat A.M.A. met at the Trade*’ Hall on Saturday night, under the presidency of Mr W. Harrison, for the pur pose of making the preliminary arrange ments in connection with the reception to be accorded to Mr Sleath, secretary, and Mr Farguson. chairman of the Broken Hill Defence committee, who will arive in Bal larat on Wednesday next on their wsy to D-niliqnin, to answer the charge of con spiracy preferred against them, owing to the part taken by them in connection with the strike of miners at Broken Hill. It was re solved to bold a mass meeting in the Alfred Hall on the evening of that day; Mr Nan kefvis, the Miners' Association’s president, to preside. Speeches will be delivered by Messrs Lawn and Harrison, and other local unionists, while Messrs Sleath and Ferguson will be invited to also address the meeting. Messrs Wilson and Lawn were deputed to meet the visitors, who are expected to arrive by the Adelaide express train on Wednesday morning. The committee will meet again on Wednesday evening at 7 o’clock. A fatal accident occurred at the Woah Hawp Canton Company’s mine, Buninyong road, an Friday bight, the deceased being a Chinese miner, named Gun Hock, who was about 49 years of age. It appears that Gun Hock and his mate, Ah Hney, were eng’ged in working' in a drive, when Mr William Houston, the underground manager: of the No. 4 tribute, came to see how they wero getting on. To the eye of the manager the ground did not look quite seoure,ao. he told the Chinese to put in some extra props. They did so, and shortly afterwards had occasion to drill a hole and fire a shot. They then left for crib. On returning, Gun Hock was the first to ehterthe drive, and hardly had he done so. when a fall of about half 's ton of stone cams down upon him. Ah Hoey at once went to-Mr Houston, and told him that his mate was killed. As quickly as possible the unfortunate fellow was re leased and Dr Mitchell sent for. The man, however, was quite dead when the body was recovered, and the remains were removed to the Prince Regent hotel, Buninynng road. An inquest on the body was held during Saturday..^afternooo,. before - Mr -W. - Gale, J.P., and a jury of five. After hearing the' evidence of Ah Hoey, W. Houston, and C. .Stewart, a verdict of accidental death was returned. A good deal of excitement was felt in Bal larat on- Saturday over the Caulfield Cup meeting, and the telegrams posted in front of The Star office during the afternoon were eagerly scanned by large numbers. The wire announcing'the Sydney horse, Paris, as the winner of the Cup, was received within a few minutes after the finish of the race. Although Paris has been coupled with nearly every horse in the Melbourne Cup, there are very few straight-out winners among Bal larat sportsmen. The Geelong horse, Pyg malion,-who was ridden by P. M’Gowan, the well-known local horseman, was most fancied here, and would have brought a con siderable amount of money to Ballarat. At ■ tho City Police Court on Saturday a resueclable- looking man named Michael O’N-ill was charged with soliciting aims in Lydiard street. Constable Rogersnn, who arrested the man, said that it appeared to be a very hard case, but as the defendant had been begging for the Inst few days he was compelled to take him in charge. It ap peared that O’Neil, who is a carpenter by trade, originally came to Ballarat to look for work, but had been unsuccessful. He was registered at tho Government bureau as.un employed, and apparently had done his best to make a houust living. The bench, in con sideration of the facts of the case, discharged the defendant and arranged, that his faro should be paid to Melbourne to enable him to return to his wife aud family who reside there. Mr A. J. Eager, the secretary to the Com pressed C>al Company, the prospectus of which appeared in our advertising columns a few weeks ago, attended at L»ster’a hotel between the hours of 11 and 1 o'clock on Saturday, and exhibited a number of samples of briquettes made from the screenings of coal. The promoters claim that their scheme is a thoroughly practical one in that by forming the coal dust, which hitherto has been regarded and treated as waste materia], into blocks of various sizes, a concentrated and high-class fuel will be provided at cheap rates for manufacturing and domestic purposes. The following parograph from the prospectus briefly but lucidly explains the scheme: “ As the result of the moat careful estimates, and after allowing the fullest margin fur contingencies, the patentees can show that the cost of producing this compressed fuel in Melbourne will not exceed 13< 6d per ton. If sold, therefore, at 17-* fid per ton to whole sale consumers, and 19s 61 per ton for house hold purposes (prices at which it will readily compete with the beat New South Wales coal in the ordinary form), a profit of from 4s fi-l per ton is shown, or taking the output at the lowest estimate of 50 tons per diem for the first six months, a return of at least 20 per cent, on the capital of the company!' Up to the present, Newcastle coal only has been used in the manufacture of the blocks, but should the black coal of this colony prove suitable, tho company intend mixing the two. The blocks of compressed coal will be made in two sizes, one to weigh lib, for domestic use, and the other 71b in weight, for steam purposes. A striking feature in the use of the briquettes is that after burning in a grate and throwing off a great heat for a considerable time it reduces itself to a very small quantity of fine white ash.” The exhibition on Saturday was at tended by a large number of persons, many of whom spoke very highly of the manner in which the coal burned, and also of its con venience (being in small blocks) for house hold purposes. Mr Eager has made arrange ments for a visit from the members of the Mining Exchange, some of whom have ex pressed themselves as being of the opinion that the briquettes are admirably suited for mining purposes. Samples of the compressed coal m >y be seen at Lester’s hotel again to day, where the fuel may also be seen burning. Tho Secretary for Mines has signified his intention to Mr A. Young, M.L.A., who has taken a great amount of trouble in en deavoring to conserve the rights and interest of the miners, &c.;, in this district, his intention of visiting Scarsdale and neighborhood, in reference to tho forest question, in the latter part of the present week. He will (writes our Linton corres pondent) meet all those interested at the Town Hall, Scarsdale, at 7.30 on Friday evening; Canigham Mechanics' Hail, at 1 o’clock mid-day Saturday; and at the Shire Hall, Linton, 4 o’clock Saturday afternoon. It is necessary that all miners, carters, and others should . attend and inter view Mr Howitt on the subject of the vexatious forest question, with a view of having the matter put on a proper footing. In the meantime the local forester has been instructed to stay his hand in regard to prosecutions. Mr Howitt will leave for Mel b 'urne by tho 3.40 train on Saturday even ing. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital on Saturday;—Hugh M'Lennan, Magpie street, suffering from an incised wound on the left forearm, caused by a fall of reef in the Last Chance mine; Ernest Osborne, Ascot street, suffering from the presence of a foreign body in the eye, caused by a cracker going off in his face; Etty Wil liams, three years of age, George street, suffering from the presence of a piece of stone in the nostril; Charles Whitelaw, ag-d 16, Sturt street, suffering from a dislocation of the wrist, caused by a fall; Mark Heebie, Drummond street, suffering from an incised wound on the bead, caused by coming into contact with a piece of timber whilst truck ing iu the Star of the East mine; and James Williams, Magpie, suffering from abrasions on the scalp, caused by falling out of a cab in Armstrong street. Many of our readers will regret to learn of the death of Mr Thomas Russell, son of the late Rev. Mr Russell, of Buninyong, and brother to Mr-Russell, bank manng“r, of this city, which took place in Melbounm on Saturday morning, the immediate cause of death being cancer. Mr, or Tom, Rus«ell,as he was known here, was many years ago tho principal of a preparatory school near Lake Wendouree. Subsequently he w'as for a long period connected with journalism in this and other places. Some few years ago, it will be remembered, he was one of the shining lights of the Salva tion Army, his powerful addresses in the Alfred Hall drawing crowds of people nightly. By that organisation he was trans ferred to Melbourne, where he was ap pointed editor of the War Cry, In this, as in other occupations, he proved himself a man of ability. Deceased, who was a com paratively young man, leaves a widow and family in destitute circustances. The somewhat sudden death of an old lady named Mary Weir, 80 years of age, residing in Latrobe street, was reported to Constable G. Stallard, of the Redan Police Station, on Saturday morning. The de ceased had only been married about 12 month", her husband, Joseph Weir, being 83 years of age. She had been ailing for sometime previously, but was'fairly well on Friday evening' when she retired to rest. Her husband was awakened at about 11 o’clock, and found her breathing very hard. A few minutes afterwards he found her hands cold, and as he thought she was dying, he went in to see a neighbor,' Mrs Arthur. When they returned she was dead. A magisterial enquiry was held at the police station on Saturday afternoon, by Mr R. M. Serjeant, J.P., who found-that death was due to natural causes. The local police have received information to the effect that three crossed cheques, drawn by Messrs John Snow and Co.', drapers,'&c.;, for £l6 9* fid; £l4; and £3 5s ,5d respectively, and which wero posted to Melbourne iu separate letters on the 23th ultimo, have not reached the place to which they wero addressed. The cheque for the last amount has since been forwarded to the Bank of Australasia, in this city, in a letter bearing the signature of Charles Boyd, Temperance Hall, Russell street, Melbourne. The crossed marks had been cleverly erased and the cheque was duly honored. The matter had been formally reported to the police sometime ago, but being forbidden by law to make active investigations in any irregularities in connection.- with the postal department antil that body, which employs special detectives, had exhausted its m fluenoe in that direction, they (the police) did not interest themselves in the matter. The .’mystery is now, by order of the authorities, in the hands of Detective-ser geant Charles, who is leaving no stone un turned to discover the offender. An animated.discussion took place at the meeting of the committees of the Trades Council and the A.M.A., held at the Trades Hall on Saturday night, regarding the ad visability of inviting the Parliamentary representatives of this district to attend the public demonstration to b® accorded, rn Wednesday next, to Messrs Slcath ard Ferguson, the secretary and president re spectively of the Barrier Miners’ Associa tion, Broken Hill. A motion was tabled :o the effect that invitations should be issuid to the -members. Some of those preseit considered that it was the duty of. members of Parliament to attend any meeting if public interest, and that if they were true to their constituencies, and to tie cause of labor, they would not wait 10 be invited, but would do as representatives had done in other centres, express their willingness to take part in the undertaking The members of Parliament, it was state!, were citizens, and would learn of the movi 'ment by the same agency as other peopb. On being put to the meeting the motion wis lost. Subsequently a resolution was oarrhd by which the secretary was instructed :o inform the local representatives that tie demonstration would be held. F»nr arrests were effected by the Ballarat East police during Saturday night. A yomg man was apprehended by Constable Ser pell on a charge of unlawful assault. George Bailey and Victor Soheibel, wlo were engaged in a fight, were arrested ly Constables Gardiner and M’Mahon. A second charge for using obscene language was preferred against Scheibel. The re maining prisoner was charged with drunkei ness. The quartette will be dealt with it the Town Police Court this morning. The church history sermons at St. Stephen’s were continued last night by the : Rev. Curzon-Siggers, M.A., who dis coursed upon the churoh as Christ founded it, and pointed out that its foundation wis Christ, that baptism was its mode of en trance, that the Holy Communion was its life-sustaining food, and that'Christ founded a ministry to proceed in regular succession to all time, in order.that God-ordained channels for communicating divine life tj tiie sonis ol men might have all things needful for their validity. “ Without saoi an organisation,” the • preacher observed, “the probabilities are there would have been no one to declare the atoning work cf Christ; no gospels written, no faith pre served, and no sacraments administered. For since Christ came to found a church, ti be the embodiment of the Kingdom of Heaven on earth and the means whereby the benefits of His incarnation might be transmitted to all men, it was necessary for the Saviour to provide the organisation which He took such care to elaborate, and in which the Holy Ghost was to operate for the sanctification of men.” Several other points were dwelt upon, such as the mixed character of the church, the preparation of the apostles, the conditions necessary for valid sacraments, and need of a right faith. The congregation was large and most atten tive. The Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.G.. who has just retnrned from his trip to England, arrived in Ballarat by the Adelaide express on Saturday night. Mr Cuthbert was met at the Western Station by a few friends, and warmly welcomed back. An elderly man named John Powell was charged at the City'Police Court on Satur day with assaulting Senior Constable O’Grady, and also with being drunk and disorderly. From the evidence of Constables Ranking and O’Grady, it appeared that the I prisoner on being brought to the watclihouse on the second charge was very troublesome, and it took three constables to search him. On removing him to the cell Constable Rank ing left to procure blankets, &e.;, and Senior Constable O'Grady remained to guard the prisoner. Suddenly the latter made nse of a vile expression, »nd kicked out furiously, at the olfioer, striking him in the side. O’Grady grappled with the fellow, and suc ceeded in throwing him down. Powell for his defence stated that the occurrence was accidental, and that he fell and his foot hap pened to touch the policeman. A number of previous convictions were rend over to the defendant, who denied the accuracy of the liet. Mr Foster, assistant clerk of Patty Sessions, put in the court rsgiater, and Con stable Ragerson gave evidence as to the alleged offences, and satisfied the bench that the record was correct. Powell pleaded hard for mercy, and said that he had a good character, and that a wife and large family were depending mi him. The bench severely lectured the prisoner on his conduct, and aaid that if he chose to make a beast of him self he must take the consequences. For assaulting the constable a fine of £3, or one month’s imprisonment was imposed; and for being drunk the prisoner was fined ss, or two days’ imprisonment. Messrs Permowan, Coitman, Thompson, and Little, J’s.P., were the.presiding magistrates. The fortnightly meeting of the Operative Bakers’ Society was held at the Trades’Hall Saturday night, when there was a large attendance; the president, Mr Bell, in the chair. Correspondence was received from the Trades’ Council, requesting the appoint ment of a delegate on the Eight Hours' Day demonstration committee. Mr C. Dorter, jun., was elected.' Messrs Dorter, Bell, Alien, and Gibson were appointed a com mittee to make the arrangements in connec tion with the annual banquet to be held on the evening of Saturday, sth November. A lengthy discussion took place relative to the advisability of rendering some assistance to the miners on strike at Broken Hill. It was, however, decided to allow the matter to stand over for a fortnight, when a special meeting will be held, and in ail probability a asm of money voted from the funds. Mayor Peace and Mr D. Ham, J’s.P., attended at the Town Police Court on Satur day, and dealt with one debt case, which was the only business. . In consequence of the steady increase of the congregations attending the Chinese Mission in the Main road, it has lately been found that the Chinese shool, which lias been used with the kind permission of Mr Martin Hoskiog, was too small to accommodate those who wished to attend. In order to rectify this state of affairs, Mr John Murray, J.P., has had erected, at his own expense, a commodious mission church, and the opening services were hold yesterday. There was a very large congregation of Chinese, the □umber being greater than usual, owing to the - seryices at the Chinese missions at Little Bendigo and Golden Point not being held, as the R-v. T. R- Cairns, who is the super intendent of the missions in this district, thought it would be well to allow all the Chinese possible to be present at the opening service of the new churoh. The Rev. James Chue, Chinese cate chist, .conducted the first service, after which a European service was conducted by the Rev. R. Kennedy, assisted by the Revs. H. C. Lancaster, J. Chue and Edwards. Li the'evening a Chinese service was again held, when a Chinese Wesleyan missionary, from Creswick, Mr Thomas Merk Quong, gave an address. Mr Thomas, fiom Warrnambonl, and Mr J. Chue also spoke. * There were 125 present. For some •years past a Chinese prayer meeting has been held on Monday afternoons, at 3 o’clock, for the aged Chinese, most part of them engaging in prayer, and a Bible class for their wives at 4 o’clock, and a Thursday, night service at 7 o’clock. These meetings will be removed to Main road now. The boxing exhibition in aid of Mr Mat. Hardy, one of the old-time pugilists of Vic toria, takes place this evening, at Irwin’s Hail, Lydiard street. The benefit is being given to enable the veteran to proceed to England in order to claim certain property. The opening services in connection with the new Wesleyan Sabbath school, Wen douree, were held yesterday, when large congregations attended the church. The sermon in the morning was preached by the Rev. E. T. Cox, who gave an able discourse from 11. Samuel, .vi., 12. In the afternoon a’-flower service was, conducted by the Rev. J. Lowe, and proved to be of a most interest ing character. Special hymns were -beauti fully sung by the children, under the leader ship of Mr Thompson, the duties of organist being ably carried out by Miss Smith. Ad ditional interest was imparted to the after noon meeting by the presentation of rewards to those of the young people who hud collected subscriptions for the foreign mis sions. The evening service was conducted by the Rev, J. Cowperthwaito, 8.A., who preached an impressive sermon from Exodus, xii., 13. The services throughout the day were most successful, and the church, which had been specially decorated for the ocOa sinn, presented a very attractive appearance. On each aide’ of the pulpit a entail gallery had been erected for the accommodation'of the children, the Ringing of whom reflected great credit on’their trainer. On Tuesday evening a social will bo tendered in the new schoolroom to the lato superintendent of the Sunday school, Mr Campbell, of the Postal Department, who has lately been transferred from Ballarat to Nnmnrkah." In recognition of the cervices of Mr Campbell to the school a handsome presentation will also be made to him. Mr Donald Gunn, who met with serions -injuries through falling from a ladder at the Mechanics' Institute on Friday last, particu lars of which appeared lu Saturday’s Star, was last night doing as well las could be expected. His medical attendant. Dr Pin nock, considers that it will be some weeks before he will be able to leave his room. A capital entertainment, given by the Golden Point Band of Hope and choir at the People’s Meeting on Saturday, was patro nised by the usual large and appreciative assemblage. The various songs and recitals, being excellent, elicited repeated applause. The trios (two) were of exceptional merit, and were vigorously encored. Miss Hughes very efficiently played the accompaniments. The rolos were given by Misses 0. Dunstan, B. Hughes, and Schmidt; duets by Misses M. and E. Hughes, Mias Whitford and Mr H. Watkin, Mieses Dunstan and B. Hughes, and Misses E. Hughes and A. Sansuin; two trios by Miss Whitford and Messrs H. G. and T. Watkin; recitals, Misses A. Sansum and Hammer and Messrs E. Howells and H. Hammer. The usual address was earnestly given by Mr Cavanagh. Mr Francis occu pied the chair, and in the course of his ad dress remarked that the room was now an crowded that, lik» bees, they would have to swarm tc a larger building. On the 22nd inst. the St. John’s Presbyterian Band of Hope and choir. Peel street, will supply the programme. The condition of Mr Charles Barker, the well-known legal manager, continues to slowly improve.’ The monthly meeting of the council of the School of Mines.was held on Friday even ing, when there wore present Mr Andrew Anderson (president), Dr Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat), and Messrs R. T. Yale, M.L.A., and J. Louie. Apologies were received for the absence of Dr Pinnock and Mr F. J. Martell; It was mentioned that the number of visitors to the museum during September was 1710. The monthly reports of the staff wore received, and considered very satisfac tory. Professor Horwood, reported that in the engineering departments the term had been a highly successful one, the number of students having increased about 20 per cent. A quantity of routine business was also transacted, A complimentary banquet, tendered to Mr James Gey, late mining manager of the Dal zell and Buchanan mine, by the workmen, will take place this evening at the Buck’s Head hotel. Mr Gay is to be presented with a gold albert chain and locket. The first performance of Mr Harry Rickards New English Comedy and Specialty Company in Ballarat will be given to-night, at the Academy of Music, and a good programme is promised. Those wishing to secure tickets for the perform ance are requested to call at Messrs Sutton and Cos., as tickets for the entertainment are selling rapidly, and, in fact, a crowded house on the first night is already assured. Great preparations are being made for the forthcoming school anniversary in con nection with the Methodist Free Church, Peel street, which takes place next Sunday. The erection of the large platform will be proceeded with at once in order to have it completed in time for a full rehearsal to morrow evening. Great interest is being manifested in the musical part of the ser vices, especially the floral cantata, “ The coming of the flowers ” (Root), which will be rendered in the afternoon. This service is qnite new and novel and promises to be a great success. The committee have ex perienced a great difficulty in getting some of the flowers which are to be personified, nevertheless they believe the success of the cantata will fully compensate them for their labor in this matter. It was announced at St. John’s Church of England yesterday that the Rev. Canon Mercer would occupy the pulpit on the morning and afternoon of Sunday, the 6th November (charity Sunday). The announce ment was received with pleasant surprise by the parishioners, amongst whom the canon labored so faithfully for many years. The usual monthly meeting of the Peel street U.M.F. Church Band of Hope was held on Friday last. The programme for the evening was supplied by members of the Baakly street Wesleyan Band of Hope, under the secretaryship of Mr X', Crougey. The chairman for the evening was Mr A. Lugg, who in his address to the audience explained very fluently the object and scheme for the 10,000 more. The programme, which was of an enjoyable character, was well rendered by the following:—Recitations, by Miss M. Stevens and Messrs S. George, K. Parker, C. James, J. Hopkins; and duet and songs by Misses E. and N. Lugg. Mr Crougey, in a few appropriate remarks on wine, urged upon the junior members of the Banda of Hope the necessity of total abstinence. The first of Dr Emily Brainerd Ryder’s spectacular lecture entertainments will be given in the Mechanics’ Institute to-morrow evening, under the patronage of the Mayor and councillors of the City and Town. The opening lecture will be an admirable illus tration of the interesting narrative, “My life among the Hindu's,'’ and over 30 ladies, gentlemen, and children, all dressed in bril* liant Oriental costumes, will assist the lec tnress. Great interest is taken in Dr Ryder’s lectures, and to avoid the necessity of crowding at the doors, intending visitors should secure their seats and obtain their tickets at once at Messrs Sutton and Go’s, A man named Samuel Markelly was ar rested and lodged in the City look-up on Saturday night, on a charge of having made use of obscene language in a public place. The only other occupants of the cells last night were four persons who had been in carcerated for drunkenness. The quintette will be brought before the police court this morning to answer the charges, Messrs Morris and Hardy and a staff of agents are now in the city making arrange ments for a season of the world-wide Aus tralian success, Fitzgerald Bros.’ Circus. The opening date is fixed fnr this day week, the 24th inst. It will be remembered that this talented and extensive organisation established a record unparalleled in Mel bourne—that of six months—giving in that time 200 performances. This, in the depth of winter and amid the depression, is donbly interesting, and vouches for the merits of the show. Mr A. Colenso Kessell has been appointed instructor of the Greswick School of Mines shorthand and typewriting classes, and will enter on hie duties in all probability this week. The first combined -practice of the local Church Choir'Union held last Monday even ing in the Congregational Church was a de cided success. Mr Bnustead, who has been elected conductor for this year, has decided to hold weekly rehearsals of the combined voices of the union, and it is expected that at to-night’s practice, in the Baptist Church, a-greater- number-will attend. X’he first festival of the union will be, held next month, and the executive committee are how busy completing arrangements f«r that purpose. Our Clunes correspondent, writing on Saturday, says;—“The booths in connection with the forthcoming show, to be held here on the 9th November, were Bold by auction this afternoon—the publican’s booth to Mrs Scott, of Talbot, for £lB, and the temper ance booth to Davies Bros., of X'albot, for £7." Tiie annual meeting of the Beaufort Agri cultural Society was held in the Shire Hall on Saturday afternoon (writes our corre spondent). Nine members were present; Mr Gordon in the chair. An apology was read from the president, Mr E. fl. Austin, ML. A., who was prevented from attending by important private business, tary’s annual report, dealing with the quality of the exhibits at the last show principally, was received. The balance-sheet showed a credit balance of £27 8s Bd.' The auditors (Messrs Hughas and Arobard) certified to the correctness of the accounts. They were sooorded a vote of thanks for their services. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The’ Maldon society suggested a meeting of representatives on the 28th inst., in Mel* bourne, with a view to immediate action being token to urge upon the Government to allow the subsidy to agricultural enoietiesto remain at £26,000. The secretary was in structed to reply that this society approved of the proposed action, and that in the event of a conference taking place, the Beaufort, society would b“ represented. Accounts amounting to £l9 18s 6J were following office rTforP>yn,<“" 12 months were re er Mr A"BtiDJ r?^Pr| * ,ien .j 'Messrs Gordon and. K*r.,ice-P re * ld mV G. Wotherspoon. wt tr'‘ forer, j Arolmrrl were re |^‘,iloe li(s " n , T!l(i meeting closed |^ s fSs to the chair. I* ltd' .oehsrees on the railways, •/ ri;h!r jm'ee occasionally ' J " nn to j>. a ; h Tf P »rtmenfa custody, hue Maryberongh tradesmen : ... lJ o» bfr ‘ino bu"iness by mod 'jm * metropolis (writes the \- i« ! t 0 I. pendent of the ArgtUl). V“ h C promoters of this enter can convey goods w.thout ; from Melbourne at a :! R t present charged by ‘err-'!' 1 ”” ' S tart !n-II be made to put orscticsl test. One earner > I '"’ , t P W ill> a lo»d of goods con tradesman, who was ei' 1 V. «.a at the price charged, X* " toner in which the goods Five nr six waggons wil ! days from the local J . f r * nm „ter 8 of the enter fa it will be in full swing in a ffip* ■i*""’’ . Prating Htmld has come vrnal presents an improved t- I” ! j the alteration should give a ‘ , he enterprising proprietors, oolumns larger than the t ,i that a discovery of coal and . b-en o.sde to the westward w'tJtP'* U ' !: t!i s ccid»ot happen'd in the !K: United mine on Friday P* r -;:, John Ellis was trucking ft: e’levfl to the south sh-ft. 1h« r^lrc losing the entrance to the shaft I U thinking the cage was t,‘ ,| h , p|jt where he had left it a .<i“ h n r.vinii»ly, E'lia Dashed the jt wi to u r ‘JiW« f 3OO feni, d r «gc...g the .i""g* tth '7 hfln h " tr. life was extinct. Ellis was 62 leaves a widow and three r-vcbildren. ' -tins of the South Australian ’"J Ljcne a report from the Lands *t , h Sa that 2426 blocks are Jj, sed that the movement is pro >ocel!ent rcsdlts. 