[?] i? ?» JIDRDER Wllili OCT. 's It has bsea staged at the outset that Ssapteton's crime had bcea an alleged Assault on a female, who lived — as did ihe prisoner himself — in the town of Kukenny. Heetrongly proteetedhia ianoceaeo at the time, but was fouad guilty, and sentenced to death. Taia w&3 afterwards commuted to transportation for life, through the efforts of his friends. It wasprovad at the trial that btapleton Jiaa iormerij oeea a aweetassnoi tbe person who had accused him of the offence, but had jilted her for another girl, aud-the defence set up was that ths chsrge was a spitefal and malicious one, a»d laid solely for the purpose of revenge. His plea was not accepted, however, as ha admitted being with the girl when the r ft' .ace was al leged to have happened, Nearly twelve years after when cn her death bad the woman con fessed that the accusation wis absolutely false, and mace eok-iy to pars SUyipton »nd the girl he wished to m&rry.; The dying penitent said that if it had been decided to carry oat the death sentence she would have ^ esred her former lover's life by telssng the x- tret a, bnt when transportation was eubsti ^nted ehe was pleased, as it effectually parosd her hated rival ftnd Siapktoc. Thus the poor convict's Icutre was decided in a very summary way. Aud how, after twelve ys&rs; of deepest misery and' suffering, of floggings and starvation, cold and contumely, a free pardon had arrived at Hobart Town for one Henry Stapleton, per ship the Bsgent, ship's number 186, year^lBSB,' find the authorities weri further commanded to supply the eaid Henry S&pleioa; with a ires passage to the city of Cork, and furnish hies with & kit not to cost .more than £10 ste- rSim*; or if the patdonee preferred -to settle in Van Diemah's . Lmd. the colonial government could make iiiLa such a free grans of iand as weald In their estimation help the ex-convict to be come ausstui buvs prosperous setuer, jeme ?was the substance of the dispatch, but there was an important note that these instruc tions should only be carried Into tS ei if j Henry Stspleton .taj &Yre.; By the unusual | reparation that the Secretary for State's j department had ordered it was pretty evi- j dent that they were cf the opinion that the | prisoner must he daad, for twslvs years ol convict life was equal to four times that amount of time under free and ordinary conditions. The unlucky Irishman was not dead as the reader know 5, and when the papers were sent to the Comptroller General he discovered after a eoaple of days' search through the v~., records that Kg oi-j2, Hsnry Ssapleion, per ship Ssgent iu 182S. was at that particular ;; time at ths prisjn a£ Port Arthur. Tae I papers were sent there to the Commandant f with an intimation to Send the person there in named and numbered to the Hobart Town birraoks, bat in a fortnight's ilme the Comp troller General had the dotr-amenis returned ?with a statement ths? ths pru-oner named had not been si Port Arthur for nearly four months, but had been seat so hesdqu&rtsrs; at that time. Then snothsr slow search was made, and it was isutid zhsi Smpteton bad been sesi to work en the great ncrih and south read for twelve- months, hut the bocks did not show what gang he was employed with, and Esthers were eighteen c! thern dis tributed right across the island from Hobart Town to Lvnnceston. it wosld bs accessary to make enquiries. This duty was entrusted to a travelling magistrate, whs also carried thtt free pardon, and s; No ? station he found there was snch a prisoner a3 Hsnry ' Stspleton, s,nd that his number was 3i6'i. He thereupon pl&osd; the documents in the hands of the Superintendent, and thought nothing further about it. \- When Mr. Wraggs, chief c-ineisi o! the station, read the pardon and the instraet'ons attached to it, he was considerably taken aback and smezedjle knew from the ''secret service' mec that he hsd anicngt the con victs thai Siapleton was determined to have redress for the manner in wiilah he was treated, and he also knew that nine out oi ten ol the prisoners would give evidence against him, ana ha was also dsabtfal about some of ths subordinate c£k-is!s. Most oi them were Suffering through ths nanage ment o! Wragge, who wss ranni-;;: the sta tion solely for his own ccnvenicnce and oe ounsry gain. If No. 3irl'2 were a frse mau As Superin tendent knew that the first us^ he would make of his liberty wcaki ha to de nounce Wragge and all his works. Sotne of the latter's ects had been dona so openiy that nearly every prisoner cn the esatioa knew about them, snd it would b= impossible -for him to escsps detection it onae exposed. He was much troubled, tcc. bv the ramors that most of the ems'I stations os the great north and south rosd wsre to b^ closed and concentrated in large depots, and that action would esrioasly s&jet; him, as when the men were no longer under his control they would not be afraid to lay charges against him. Before doing anything hs device i to consult with his f&otatcm;, Bsasoo. and that evening he waited in his odi^s as nsaal for the over seer to enter and Uy before him any event of importance that might require investiga tion. It was generally matters of private \- importance that wsre considered. When Benson came ths superintendent showed him the despatches and asked his j advice, at the same time telling hiaa the ' fears he had cf trouble if Stack ton obtained his libei ty. The overseer had a good deal of i conning, and aa it was a question that affected him as much as his sapsrior he at j once e&id; that the convict ehosld not be Eei ? at liberty. *' I don't suppose be knows anything about this pardon, aud there is no reason why he should. Why not get one of our friends to pexeomte him 1 The authorities don't know N^-. S4{?2, and there is not as much risk in coiag that ss in letting him have tbe pardon. This in ehori was tits advice of the overseer. Wragge thought it over carelolly, and the more he reflected the better the scheme appeared. He would be killing the two birds with the one stone by adopting it, that is, he weald bs having a terrible revenge on ths prisoner, snd &t; the same time be protecting himself. The ques tion was whieh of the convicts should ha.ve \ iiwa great boon of liberty givte to him. j There would be of cocrse no fsar of exposure, for it would be tenfold more to the felon's Interest not to reveal the deception, than it would be for the ofijcisls to do so. Tee two Donepirators eoaenlted together on ths ma xnentons point of selecting a mwc to repre ,«B&t; 3163, and at length their choice fell upon a convict named John Blair. This fel low was about the same age as the criminal be would be required to personate, end in beight, build, and general appears nee, es pecially the convict, dress, close cropped \- Jtiair mnd clean shaven facet there was little iiijfereoeeinthetwomea. ' Blair had a very bsd reputation with hie r^ga8^,fcr it was well known thit hs was a f,'\ spy for &e; officials, and in consEquence be /' allowed to commit breaches of discipline ^~J%nt3iobit being pnnished that would have I tost of the othere. exoan, for be knew would have brought ent, . and the latter J out of the way ather I. Th-» convict had it Macquarie fiabor. hinted that he had ? man there, bnt the] bt in as accidental ijourn at &o.; 9 tt» znd oat many ether its chief cBicar. Biair seaundrel. Hs feaa that Blair vaB ^really ihB ringleaa^jbo^.i Ihrcughliis superior cunning had jm&naged; to escape th6 capital punishment. He,«e» ceived fourteen ysare' transportation, and in ISSS waB sent to Hobart Town. ^ When the two ofiisial rufiiaBS had decided on their cruel and nefarious plot, Behson went to the ward in which Blair slept, and brought him to the superintendent, when the latter sale, — . ' ' I need hardly ask you if you would lifae your liberty and a grant of a couple of hun ared acres ol land for nothing. If you say you would I am in a position to get yon both. I have here a free parccn for another prison er, and there is nottung easier in the world then for you to represent hsci. I will read you the pspere, sudyou will see what is about to be doee. I will give you a letter to the Comptroller General, stating that you are the person referred to, and when he asks what you will od, accept a grsni of land and remain on the island s free and prosperous man. It would be d&ngeroua; for you to take the ?ree voyage, as you would only be landed at Cork, and Srapleton's relatives might be waiting for him, and find out that a mistake had bsea made. If you go home you will only get into trouble ays;n; whilst if you stay here you should bceosre a prosperous eetiic-r. When roar hair and b-strd grows no one could identify ycu as having beta here, and I am tfLricg yen a boos fcr which you ought to bless sue ail the cave of your future lile.' It was indeed a boon, an-i Blair felt al most* overpowered at his unexpected good foituas. He had never dreamt oi receiving his freedom, much less of having a present thrown in with it, and there was almost a ring of sincerity in his voice as he thanked the eaperiatendent for his kindness, sod ex pressed his utmost wilHoeness to at once accept the offer. He woSld certainly not leave the colony if he was; offered a dozen free passages. The OQe tfoming cut was enough to last him for a u^scime, and he had not the least dedre to ^o howe where he had been badly treated. II:s wish Was to settle down in Van Dieman'e Land and lead a good and honest life, the hypocritical convict eaid. Wragge then told him all that he thought would be of service to him in his interview with the Comptroller Geceral. and then he recti feted that a slight difficaisy stood in the way. The convict's clothes were all num bered at that time, and a change would be of coarse necessary, so the superintendent de elded to give him Ssapleton's clothes, and let Blaii wear the former's. Daring ihe even ing the chauge was made, and Stapleion waB informed that for the futcre his number would ba 3164, as instructions had been re ceived to substitute that number for the one he had. It was a matt-ex oi tus most perfect indigerence to the unconscious convict. Taey could have numbered him nought or a million if they chose, for it nade no im provement in his position. The following day C3Gvis: Blair — or rather Siapleton. for so he was dubbed by Superin tendent Wragge — left for Hybait Town with a letter from the rhief cSieial, in which ba stated that he hoped the authorities would agree to his action in knocking aS Simpleton's irons, and the note was intended to cover thas delioienoy, for Recording to ibe strict interpretation of the regalatioas a prisoner, even though a free psrdoa was granted him, had to report hisiseif to Lead quarters in his i csaei gsrb. The Comptroller General did j nci maKe aoy fuss about the knocking cfi of* the irons, but received Bi&ir; is a rather ami- ; able msnntr. He impressed upon the ex ccnvict the eternal jostice of British law in j parde-aing a man wnen they found he was innocent, and told the pareonte that he ought never to cease extollicg the wise in stitutions under which he lived, and through which he had cow regasnud his freedom, ''lveaand poor are all alike in the eyes of the 1svf.': the pompous Comptroller General weoi ce. 'If you hsd been s nobleman's Eoa yoa could not have bsen tetter treated than yoa have, and I hote you will not forges your doty to tlie authorities in uphoifiicg Isw and order in your new life, icr I am glad to Hsd from the note Saperintendeni Wragge sen da me that yen intend to settle in the Colony.' It was evident that Wragge was making certain that Blair would net !=ave the island, bnt the man had no wish to dc so. and after farther conversation with the Comptroller General he received a written authority to the district surveyor of the Kew Norfolk County, enabheg him to pics cut two hun dred acres is thai locality, for which hs wouid receive a crown grant. Ssxt dsy the lucSy es eonvies went to ihe district, and there for ths present he may be left. When Superintendent Wragge and Over seer B=nsGn fonnd that Biair had settled down and consequently passed through the ordes! c-f an interview with the Comptroller General successfully, their brats! treatment of Stapletcn was again renewed. A m^oth after the free person should have reached him, he was almost driven mad by the re fined crueify to whieh he was subjected. The rations et best wsre inadequate — fcr the Superintendent pinched a portion of them to feed his pigs ou — but Ssapleton was most ly kept on half rations, and wss, in fact, being gr&dusily; starved to death. He bad become the mere ghost of bis former self, and with open violence and hunger be had been reduced to a desperate and conspiring man. Death was infinitely preferable to the terrible life he w&a; leading, and at last he determined to make an attempt for Ubertv or death. At number nine stauan the con viets slept In three large rooms boarded off into narrow compartments, and there was no dificnliy in communicating with eseh other. There were a fsw separate cells at i the place, but they were only used when i arrests were made. Many of the prisoners were ready to mutiny, fcr their treatment was wretched, though not so bad as Stack, ton's, and at least two of the billet men could be relied on for assistance. Quietly bnt certainly hs arranged for a ris:ng iu which the murder of both the sapsriatendsnl and the ovemer wss a feature. The iwo billet convists were induced to join the con spiracy, andthsy were to arrange, eo that the two armed guards that watched the wards should be rendered powerless either by force or drugged rum. Once they were seesred the aonvicts would have no trouble in seizing the station. Their intention teas then to take all the provisions, clothing, arras, etc. and mate for the bush, where they would either disperse or remain as an armed gang of bushrangers. Ten of ihe felons, in cluding the billet me«j. were in the plot, and it was decided to make tbe attempt on the night of December 24th, 1S3S. as on Christ mas Eve discipline was oonsideiauly relaxed, and the surrounding settlers, keeping cp the hospitable home custom, never failed to give the free officiate — soldier*, constables, and suchlike — s bumper or so of strong drink in which to quafi their health. The two biliel men had entered into the i conspiracy with eagerness, although they had more to loseby it than the regular prisoners, j Their names were Manton and Treguriks. ! ana tkey seemed to have a deadly hatred to Overseer Benson. Daring the week that in- i tervened between arriving at the decision to ! hsve the rising on the 24 ih of December and ! that date, these two men wens not idle in j making arrangements for it. Siapletou and j the other seven csnvicte who were in the | scnspiracy slept In the eame ward^aad little j difficulty would hs experienced in liberating ] them. At length the night of the 24th j arrived. ? ; Alas! how diff±rent were ths fee!ings whioh j actuated these mi?frsble felons to those ; which are usually supposed to animate the : breasts ot Christians all the world over on tbe era of the anniversary of the hirth ot the ' Great Master — the founder of the purest re- - ligion the world has ever seen. ' The Fatal Christmas Eve ' will be the title ol next week's chronicle. It will nar rate the story ot the rHocg. ihe results whioh followed, and the wonderful manner in which Superintendent Wr»gge*e treachery was dis ?1B0«C*9wt - - ? 