'A GHOSTLY ADVENTURE ON EPOOR.' William Hurstwick was tho reverse of n romantic or sentimental young man, l».-ing hard-headed and endowed with a fair share of common-sense, which the l.u!Teting6 he had received in some tiiirt? vears of a hard struggle again6t :i(i verse circumstances had done their list to strengthen. No one could call him visionary or hysterical, or aught lmt the most prosaic of mortals, yet he always vouched for the truth of the fol lowing tale. After some years of continuous hard work he thought he should like a holi day. He applied to his employer who, knowing the value of a good clerk, at ouce gave bitu six weeks' leave. Then Hnrstwick turned over in his mind whither his steps should lead him. and finally decided that be would go to beautiful Devon. . -/' He bad no one to consult save him self, as he stood nlone in . the world as far as relations were concerned, there fore his preparations were soon made and he wae on hie way to Devonshire. In spjte of his hard-headedness the beauty of the seen err appealed strontr'y to him, and ho would lie for hours watching, the spa Jn all its changeful moods,- th« white clouds seiiddiog across the Woe expanse of 6ky,.jtE&;; lovely Tslleys and tree-clothed com bee that stretched away in sin endless vista in land. ?;*- '-*??-**?'? -«.' September was (drawing to a close, and with it Hurstwick's holiday, when the following adventure 'bpfeK him. He was lodging at a small farm in the vicinity of Porlock Bay, where everything was of tho most primitive description as regarded furniture and utensils, bat where the food was plenti ful and ggttfijwFor the first time in, his life he Vtr^pa^foduced to /'squab pie,' Devonsh|rft¥JMjJce|j .clotted cream, and such lum^pil^taj indigenous to tha county $fbd* foey*%ifirfe helped with no niggard hand by the portly, rosyconi plexioned wife of the farmer, who was accns*ompd- to the enormous appetites of the farm bands which pure bracing air induced. '?'?-?'? -;' ' v . He had made several excursions over Exmoor to various places, laughing at tbe admonitions of his hostess --never to let dusk overtake him on the moor if he wanld wish »to a voidj'-tin pleasant circora BtanceB, Rufehfa^^i|i«eting^t1ie : ghostly white Tabte^-iwr ^L%dy Howard in her coach with its four skeleton horses, or the spectral hearse, the coal-black steeds of which emit salpburous flames from their ^^teririls, aisj ttheyi sink deep into tbe ground if anyone is ad Tentar-»iuT^ir6Bgh Tt6~a^lplf6ach- at' all near them. . What did he care for ghosts, skeleton or otherwise ? And he was highly amused at the mere idea of a poor little white pabbi^jbeing able to harm , anybody, t^^l-Uje landlady 'shook her head portentously at his scoff It was a lovely morning when he set 'out, quite warm and balmy, and the sea visit an foot some of the most noted ; placet on Exmoor. ? ?/..'' ? - He laughingly told the farmer's wife that he should be quite ready for the -broiled fowl and mushroomB when he returned at eight o'clock, and almost .the last words he heard from her were an injunction'&bjt; he had| better make - his return an uprj^rl^r at least, as it got dark so %oo% iff September. But Hurstwick paid little attention toiler, and her warnings fell on heed less ears. ? . ; — w— , ?'-—.- He walked on across the moqr with its wild ridges and crests, enjoying the beauty o&jQ;^ceffaryiand '?$ bfeaAing in the sweet scents of sea and heather with a feeling of exhilaration. He saw the Valley of Rocks, the far famed Watersflnet. the valley of the Lyn,-and from theBce made his way to Badgworthy, the bannt of the robber DdoniSsT land 'Simonsbatb; and looked* 43own on the f.laWJwhich for bo Jonghad . flheltereA^Sir.,, J?nBor Doone aud ,his , Y beanfifdTAfrafiaa.atigb:t4rl Lorha, tb-] gether with|^ieJ^wlp88«rew=-whp stopped at nothing, £ot even pfllage and murder. It was with mingled feelings William Hnretwick looked at the few stones that are all that remain to show where/tfie HalHtatloiiB were. In fancy he saw again John Kidd climbing that perilous asceat to miset the young girl he loved so dearly, risking life and limb as of nothing worth when : compared with b glance from Lorna's snft eyes, a word jfam heriflWjpet.Hps. He peopled the defile again with the huge robbers vho for 6.pj|pBg.^hBld terrorizing sway* over the 6urroHnding neighbourhood,* till at ,1aelt the populace rose and de stroyeiKgaiStn^ it all looked now ; g«^t^hej fernsj, waving their feathery leaves in the gentle breeze and the watervJnurmuring as, it glided ' 'along, it w^ihlrd t6 ibeJieve: that deeds pf ibloodshed^and^ violence had once marre^jthe jcrv^liness of the spot. '' \ It w^switija^tart, the .young man . awoke ftojtfha fact -Itha^ «the ?day, ?; was beginpfiffipllaU, and fekdhe was wtaiy, miles away, fr/)m the farp-house, which was his temporary abode, so throwing a final glance around, he turned to retrace . his steosi towards home. . '.',; HeOTJ^kedibrisfely, but, as fast as he walked, the. shades of night fell faster still, j^d^ere he had .gone very far, the darkness was 'dosing him in all rot nd. He walked a little quicker. In spite of himself, a feeling of apprehcusion was coming over him, ^It would not be pleasant to s oeClostl -aiti v-Exmoor^ Wnd obh-e^Q^enilJ^ ^rhole^nigiit then:. ;'?';??' HetpJ^lliri^M&fuliyf; lie'- would =JW-( think oLaJ|jt|e# riipstly, taleh: Mrs. \- * M aflow haojhecn ri-galiii£ liiin with, hut in spite of tuis'vresolve, hn found liimself K|»HCahit3ng.ii^ro^iieHier lady. Howard wonU^|^P^^^5(tja h^r 4-haiiioiii.- coaclr^TO^i|^p|f^p^ion horses of the ppg^,r^|p[t(W80 TOii^it not engulf him with them in the morass, should he ; chan^e^^&fcaeiili; either. , t v '* K^trfAn^^OTUttere.dVtlje young man ;r^g$ick%^alktne'.$^hAd %»ade iiim;* warm; ifer^^S^^^Kv '*?-?'? ? ?-?? ? ?'????-???J-' ;-? ^'?-?: -?:' -! ' 'Pon my sin!, it looks as though x' should have to spend the night on ElU moor, for I can hardly see now, and a' half-an-hour I shall not be able to di ? tinguish my nos« ia front of my face How on earth am I to find my way then ?' Hurstwick was right ; in less than the half-hour, the conviction forced it self upon him that he did not know in which way he was going. It might be backwards, or forwards, or round and round, for anything he knew to the contrary. William Hurstwick was by no means a coward ; but he may be pardoned if he felt a momentary thrill of apprehension, as he acknowledged this to himself. The darkness by which he was sur rounded was so dense that it could alni;--:t hn felt. There was an ominous siHlii--:-- ii the air that seemed to for b'i}-- ? ? i'. in spite of himself, his heart hi ???:! hj.-uT as he threw himself down on i v.: iir^ss to rest a little, and collect his liiwt:£liis. What should he do ? It wae not a pleasant idea to remain alone in this vast solitude, so dreary, and peopled only with the ghosts his imagination conjured np. There was not a single human being near him for miles, for aught he knew ; and even should he shoot for help, he might only bring down upon him some bad characters who might rob him of what little he possessed. On the other hand, to go forward in that intense blackness had its dangers ; lie might fall into some ravine or pit 'before he was aware of its proximity, and lie there maimed an-l bleeding for days befoie death would put an end to his sufferings, for it was unlikely he wonld be found there, or he might be engulfed in the treacherous bogs which he 'had been told existed on various parts of Exmoor. Truly his predicament was not a pleasant one. He did not know bow long he haJ eat there, when an ominous rumbling sound struck on tiis senses, and caused him to spring to his feet in fresh a ixiety. Thunder. To be caught ia a storm would be the acme of all that was disagreeable ; he must seek some place of shelter. As he turned his eyes around, endeavouring to penetrate the darkness, a sudden exclamation of relief escaped from, his lips. There was a light glimmering at a short distance. Il must be from some cottage, help would not be far off. Wunderfully relieved in mind, Hurstwick started in the direction of the light, while the distant mntterings of thunder grew louder, urging him to hasten,' if he would reach shelter era the Btorm broke upon him. He went quickly, occasionally stumbling over tussocks of grass or boulders that he was unable to sec ; and still as he went the light seemed to recede before him, he could get no nearer io it, « Xl Whew !' he exclaimed at last, when he had barked bis shins for the sixth time— ' I believe the confounded thing must be a will-o'-th'-wisp. It may lead me into a hog.' ? , At that yerj'moment it disappeared, and Horstwick, making a step forward, stumbled— and, before he could recover himself, was precipitated some distance down a declivity. , Picking himself up and finding he wa6 not much hurt, he proceeded to feel his way about. ' Steps — I declare,' was his comment. ' I mnst see — nq_ feel — where they lead to..' Carefully feeling his way, he descended, and at that instant a bril liant flash, of lightning momentarily illuminated the scene and showed him that the steps. Jed 4own to a door. On pushing this, it yielded to his touch, and entered what, as far as he could make put, seemed to be a small chapel. '.'?'? * ' Lighting a wax vesta, he saw that his surmise was correct ; and making his way to a pew, he sat down — not sorry, to have reached a refuge— for now the thunder roared, the lightning flashed, and the rain came down in torrents.-^ He wast somewhat fatigued, for he hod 'been -walking for a good many hours, and he had not been long!'in/M^r}h^nj'-of':re1fage ere he drpp^ed off .Jo' jlieepj in spite of the ioise- made by the warring elements outside. Suddenly he started up wide-awake. A fe^iogjtbat' 'he was no longer alone came over him, and his heart beat high with a strange |emotion that was not altogether fear. It was still dark, yet he coutf hear the muffled tread of feet that seemed to be descending the stone steps by which he himself bad entered the underground chapel. Then he heard the door swing back, and a shudder he could not repress came over him. Who were these who were coming in ? Would they prove to be friends or foes ? Might he not have chanced upon the secret hiding-place of some band of robbers, who would resent his intrusion and silence any fear of his betraying them by taking his life? Too well he knew that if such were the case his cb'ance would be small ; all traces of ?the crime conld be easily hidden and none would know bis fate. Eagerly be strained his eyes to dis cover who it was that 'was entering the chapel, but the darkness shrouded them so that he could not see. He dared not stir, he seemed chained to the spot, rooted there by some in tangible horror, which was intensified by a terrific peal of thunder that broke, as it seemed, just overhead. ; Almost Immediately following a °bril- I fliant gleam -of lighteing shone into the ', ^chapel, revealing a strange scene to 'th«« ; astonished gaze of the solitary spectator. ! The peculiar brilliance did not die ; away as fdrnv.T flushes had ; it remained ; shedding a weird light over everything, j and showing Hurstwick a group ai \ piTsona collected war the :t!iur. Ti:i- Jatu-r was draped in black, and upon it ' a skull and crossbonos rested. Just in- : side the rail6 was a priest with shaven ! crown, and kneeling in front of him I wore a young in an and a girl, as if ! about to bo. jc-in'jii in ih-:' bonds of holj i matrimony. j The girl was young and very lovely ; but Hurstwick thought he had never seon snch an awful look on aty human being's face ; it was like the anguish of a lost soul. Her dress was of a bygone period, but rich and costly, though is seamed rumpled and .mud-staiued at though the wearer had had no time for changing it after a journey. The man by her side was youner and handsome, apparently a fitting mate for th-i beautiful girl. His clothes too had aa old- fashioned air. There was a stern, set expression on his face, except when he turned it towards her, then his eyes took a mournfalj Boftening look ; b:it what struck Hnrstwick as being vory extraordinary was that he was heavily fettered, both wrists and ankles having syves upon them. A little bphind them stood an elderly man with a forbidding countenance, and three or four retainers completed the group. No one took the slightest notice of Hurstwickj where he Wit tt more than interested spectator of the strange scene. And now the priest began what was evidently the marriage service, though the young man cculd uot hear what was sjiid, a low murmur being all that reached his ears in the intervals of the thunder that pealed outside. It was ended, and the bridegroom clasped his bride and held her close to liiS breast with his fettered hands as though he would never let go. Then Hurstwick saw the elderly man a-lvance as if to take the shrinking girl from her resting-place ; but though he heard no sound he conld Bee that ehe was begging and imploring some mercy from her guardian or father^ whichever he might be^ and clinging all the tighter to her lover, when, his patience ex hausted, tbe elderly man tried to tear her from his clasp. Failing in this he made a sign to the - other men, two of whom advanced and wrenched her with no gentle hands from Lor husband, who, heavily fettered, was powerless to rescue his bride. Then Hurstwick saw something which made the blood in his veins run cold with horror. A third man stealthily approached the bridegroom from behind, a long, murderous-looking knife in bis hand. {The young man. tried to call out, to warn the intended victim of this treachery, but his tongue clove to the roof of his month and he found himself powerless to move or speak. Yainly he struggled with the lethargy which over powered him, he could not avert the doom which was dealt. The girl saw ber lover struck and the red blood spurt from the wound over the murderer's hand. By a super human effort freeing herself from her captors, she rushed to the altar, where her husband yet stood, though swaying backwards and forwards from faintness, and flung herself before the knife which was descending for the second time, so that it was sheathed in her breast. As she fell, with her dying eyes still looking unutterable into those of her sinking bridegroom, the elderly man roshed forward, horror and remorse depicted on his face as he saw the life blood willing from her heart, and a cry, weird -and terrible, that pierced above the fary of the storm, broke from his lipB and rang through the vaulted chapel, while the priest looked on at all three with fierce un pitying gaze, that told of an evil soul beneath his sacred robe. And now Hurstwick saw what had escaped his notice before ; this was a yawning grave, into which the priest motioned / the men to throw the yet warm bodies of those whom he had joined in wedlock so short a time before. ' Monster, forbear.' shrieked Hnrst wick, as he saw the corpse of the fair girl about to be thrown into that yawn ing chasm, ' Murderer, surely your crime will cry to Heaven- for vengeance,' for he seemed to enow it was owing to the priest's agency that those hapless lovers had been done to death in so terrible a fashion. The words had hardly left his lips when the chapel seemed to rock to its foundations, the light suddenly went out, leaving only a ghastly darkness ; a hissing sound rent the air as though a thunderbolt had passed; and Hurst wick, thrown violently to the ground, lost his senses and knew no more. * * * ♦ In vain his friends tell him that his night's exposure to the fury of the elements made him light-headed and fancy all that he saw. Hurstwick maintains they were real ghosts, and that, centuries before, some ghastly tragedy must have been enacted on that very spot, though the cause and and meaning of it could oely be left to conjecture ; but he is certain a page of some noble family's history was revealed to him that never-to-be-forgotten night; and he is yet in hopes ofjdiscovering the bnried chapel, though up to the presen t he has not been able to discover its whereabouts. — Bdgravia. 