TALES AND SKETCHES Foiled. " Well I supposo XuuiHtlot you go, Nornh, but I dou't half like it. You've novor beou away from mo bofovo, uiul I shall miss you frightfully." " Yes. I bono you'll let mo go, Jim. X don't waut to bo selfish, but 1 should enjoy it so mtwli, uiul, af tor nil, you can Moo 1110 ovevy tiny if you liko." Thoy wore husband uiid wife, these two, and had boon married justn year. Their married lifo up to this point bad . boon 0110 of unclouded happiness, and, porhapa, the torm "married lovers" beat expresses tlioir relations to 0110 auothor. Jim Kennedy was a lino specimen of n man, tall and broad- shouldored, but uo ouo ever called Ids storn, rugged faco pood-looking, though .there woro pcoplo who found in it a eliarm that bandsomer features often lack. Norsk, on tbo contrary, ' .was oxtromoly prott), tboro could bo no two opinions on that point; bor tall, slight figuro, cloar, fair skin, crisp Vgoldon- brown hair, and doep blue eyos, ifully entitled hot to tako rank with tho 'beauties of her sex. Jim was well .award 'of tins fact, and tho knowledge afforded him great gratification ; por- . haps tho- prido of possession, so pronuuout a foaturo in tho malo charac ter, was oven more strongly developed in than in mostinon ; at all ovonts, his prido in his protty wife know no bounds. His dovotion to hor was » quite proverbial among thoirfrionds and neighbours, nothing could ex ceed his tender caro and' forotliought in nil mattors that concorncd bor; sho was always his first consideration. TTih was a curiously contained and \- concontratod nature—a naturo that was incapable of moro than ono lovo —and ebo bad stirred it to its utmost depths. Tho subjoct undor discussion was nn invitation that tho Konnedys had re ceived, to spend a fortnight at ono of tho neighbouring country-liousos. This invitation Jim, for business reasons, was obliged to decline, but thoro scorned to bovno good reason why Norak should not nccopt it, and alio was very anxious to uo so, boiug, naturally enough, groatly attracted by tho prospect of ununutedfunin tho shapo of dancing, theatricals, and all tho thousand- aud-ono-amusomonts that are always rifo amongst a largo country- houso purty. " It isn't as if it was far away, you know, Jim," sho urged. "Why, Woodlands is only three miles from here ; you can walk or rido over to see mo as often as you like. Of courso, I am awfully sorry that you can'tgutoo, and I sliau'n't onjoy it half as much as if you woro thoro; but I can toll you ou about it aftorwards, aud it seems so ungracious to rofuse Mrs. Morvyn's iuvitation altogether, when there is roally no reason at all why I shouldn't accept it." Jim looked down at tho eager, up lifted faco, and smiled. "You shall go dear ho said. "1 may bo selfish, but I hopo I am not j solfish enough to do you out of any pleasure just becauso I can't sharo in it myself. Of courso, you shall go ; and if yon want any now toggery you had bettor sot about gotting it it once." " Oh, you dear old Jim ! " cried Norah, flinging hor arms round his neck, and kissing him after hor usual impulsivo, girlish fashion. " Oh, you door, doar old Jim 1 " So tho weighty matter was settled to tho satisfaction of all concorncd, and in duo courso Norak wont off to Wood- 1 lands, in a vory fetching now gown and tho highest possible spirits. When sho had been away for two days, Jim rodo ovor to sco how things woro going on. Ho arrived at Wood lands about half-past four, and was \- - j received by Nornh in tho library, every other room, as sho informed him, being turned topsy-turvoy ; some cleared for dancing, and some given up for theat ricals, which woro just then in procoss of rehearsal. "Ana now nro you enjoying your self ?" asked Jim. "Oh I so much," Norah answered, hor bright face aglow with exitomont andploosuro. " It is perfectly delight ful. I only wish you woro lioro to onjoy it too. Do you' miss mo very much, Jim ?" "Frightfully," said Jim, with a sigh, " I feel quite lost without you ; but novor mind that, toll mo about yoursolf. "What special lino lmvo you taken up? Aro you going in for theatricals ? " She shook hor head. " No, I am afraid I should bo no i_ good on tho stage. I liavo had no practice, you know. I onjoy looking fun to bo got out of dancing and other things." "Mrs. Morvyn is a clinking actress," observed Jim. " Yes," Norak agreed absently " sho is awfully goou, and is going to play all tho loading parts." After that sho was silont for a fow minutes, looking into tho firo with a thoughtful and pro-occupied air, that somowhat puzzled hor husband, who was' moro accustomed to hor brighter moods. " A penny for your thoughts," ho said, at lost. Norali started, and glanced up at him with Tather a curious oxprossion. " Jim," sho said, norvously, " if I say something you won't bo cross, will you ? " ' He looked surprised. " Cross, Norali ? No, of course not. You may say what you liko." .-'"It, is. something that Iovorheard," sho , tf.ent on1, 'absently fingoring his ooat rieeve/' "I couldn't help hearing it; I wish I hadn't, but I couldn't help it. Mrs Brown and Mrs. Willis woro taiKing, nniii x cumuu. i. uviu uuunug what they said— but thoy didn't know that I was near. Is it true, Jim — is I it true that thoro was ovor anjthing \ between you and Mrs. Morvyn ? " lit ''"uAheavy frown crossed Jim's face, II uttered a sharp exclamation. || 'nJonfound tho womon ! " ho cried II « \Vhnt, n. lot nf fltflttflrino1 o | magpies thoy aro ! ' Oh, Jim I " Norah pleaded, " don't be crbss yon said you wouldn't. It isn't truo is it ? Her voice quivered a little, and something suspiciously like tears glittered in ber bright eves. Jim muttered something under his breath as he looked down at her, then ho put his arm round hor waist, and drew her closo to his side. "listen, Norah," he said, impres sively; " I am going to tell you tho whole truth, and nothing but tho truth. A year or two ago I was rather intimate with tho Mervyns, and . used' to come to "Woodlands a good deal Morvyn and I havo always been good frionds, and at tliattimo Mrs. Morvyn and I seemed to got an uncommonly well. I can swear that 1 novor gave ber n thought oven that passed tho bounds of friendship, and it was some time before it dawned ou mo that sho was trying to lead mo iuto a flirtation. When at last I woko up to tho stnto of tho case, I gavo Mrs. Morvyn to under stand that sort of thing, wasn't my lino, and then promptly clearod put. I have always kopt on friendly tonus, hccnuHo I thought that peoplu would begin to think and talk if wo hud an open split, hut I havo lievorebino lioro much since then. That is tho truth of tho whole niattor." The quiet tono and simple, straightforward words carried con viction with thoin, and Norah's porturbed faco dimpled into a siuilo as slio askwl — "Why did you nover tell mo all this before, Jim?" " My doar child," ho answorcd, gravoly, " a man doesn't caro to tell tales of that kind at tho oxpenso of a woman, oven to his wife. Besides, I had almost forgotten tho affair, and, in all probability Mrs. Morvyn has quite." Nornh shook hor bond. "A woman novor forgets," sho said, emphatically. ' You may de pend upon it, Jim, Mrs. Morvyn has forgotten nothing — but sho may havo J'oii/imi, and that is moro to tho point." Jim stooped down and gavo his pretty wife u very hearty kiss. "What a good little soul it is," ho said, affectionately; "you tako things uncomuiouly well, Norah. Somo womon, iu your place, would havo troatcd mo to a soeno and refused to believe me." "I should liko to seo any ono refusing to believe you," criod Norah, indignantly. Then sho rubbed hor soft cheek against liiS- "Dear old Jim," sho whispered, lovingly. Thus onded tlio first doubt that had ovor threatened to mar tho happiness of tkoir married lifo. A fortnight is only a short timo of tor all, and very soon Nornli's visit to Woodlands was drawiug to its closo. Tkroo days before tho ono on which sho was to return home, Jim got a note from hor asking him to bo euro and go ovor that aftornoon, as sho hod something important to say to liim. It was somo days sinco ho had boon thoro, and ho had not intended to go again, but Norah's word was law ; so lie ordered his horso nnd rodo off, ar ranging to got to Woodlands about fuur o'clock as usual. In tho hall ho was mot by Mrs. Morvyn, and ho fancied that sho started und turned rather palo when sho saw him. "How do you do, Mrs. -Morvyn?" ho said, as ho shook hands. " Jolly day this, isn'tit? Is Norah onywlioro about? Shosont mo a noto asking mo to como ovor and boo hor." " Your wife is in tho house," Mrs. "Morvyn answered, "but I don't know that you can soo hor now." Sho spoko rather absontly, and Jim thought thnt slio looked at him with a curious oxprcssion. " Is anything tho mnttor ?" ho asked hastily, I hopo Nora isn't ill." " No, no, sho is quito woll, but—" " But what ? " asked Jim, who was boginning to feel rather impatient. Mrs. Morvyn turned away and looked out of the window. " Canyon boar a shook ?" shoaskod, in a low tono. "A shock?" Jim repeated, fooling moro and moro howildorcd. " What kind of shock ? What do you moan, Mrs. Morvyn ? If you havo anything to toll ino about Norah, for Qoavon's sako toll mo aud havo dono with it. Don't beat about tho bush, that is fulso kindness." "Your wifo is quito woll." Mrs. Mcrvyn said, in tho samo low tono, "quite woll, hut — " Sho broko off sharply, and suddenly turned from tho window. " Coraowithmo," sho cried, " uoiiio wiwi mo. A curious sonso of doubt and wondor thrilled Jim as ho followed his hostess across tho hall, lio could uot at all undorstnud tho stato of affairs. Mrs. Morvyn led tho way to tho small drnw- iug-room, outsido tho door sho paused and looked up at him. "You had bettor go in alone," sho said; "Your wifo is in tho moraing- rooui. If you aro quiot you can hear without boing hoard." "Heart" Jim repeated, with an oxprcssion of blank surpriso. " Hear what? I wish you would explain yourself, Mrs. Morvyn." But Mrs. Morvyn shookliorhond. "Don't ask mo," sho said, giving iiliu u uvuu I'uoii iwnuiuo iuu uuu», " but go— go. Jim hositatcd for a moment with his hand on tho handlo, thon ho oponcd tho door nud wont into tho room. Now, the two drawing-rooms and tho morning-room woro en suite, and tho latter was only divided from tho small drawing-room by somo soft silk curtains drawn across an archway. Mechanically, Jim movod aoross tho room until ho camo to theso curtains, and thon ho stopped. Ho could hear somo ono speaking on tho othor sido, and instantly recognised tho voice as that of Captain Warnor, ono of tho guests staying in the houso, a man whom ho had novor liked. " Tell mo," tho voicourgcd, tenderly, " what makes you so unhappy. Per haps I can do something to holp you." There was a moment's pauso, and then tho answor camo in Norah's voico, low and tromulous, with fooling. "No, no, you can do nothing. Heaven only knows how miserably unhappy I . am, but no ono can holp mo— least of all you." Jim's hand clutched tho curtain in- voiuniamy, nis onun seomeu rauuiu a whirl, ho felt liko a man in a dream. Norah, his Norah, miserably unhappy, and confiding hor woos to another man ! Tho thought was madness. "I can sympathiso with you, if I can do no moro," Captain "Warnor wont on, in tho samo tender tono. Toll tti r> ToTinfc fmiiTilnn vmi ? ia always a relief to talk to a sympathetic friend. I am afraid you and your husband nro not vory well matchoa." Jim moved a stop nearer to tho cur tain, listening intently. "Wo couldn't bo worso matched," criod Norah, in a tono of passionate robcllion; "ho docs not, it is true, oponly ill-treat mo, but ho mokos my lifo ono long torture. If it lasts much longer, I shall go mad. Morriago without sympathy is moral suicide." Jim drow a deep breath, and fell back a pace or two. Norah saying that ho made hor lifo ono long tor ture ! Was it possiblo, or had his oaTS played him false ? "My poor darling!" CaptainWarner cried passionately, "oh I my poor darling ! Thoro is nothing that 1 would not do to savo you from such a life. Only trust yourself to mo and you will uover regret it — novor, 1 swear, as long ns you livo. I need not toll you thnt my wholo lifo's happiness is bound up in you, thnt I lovo yon with nil my heart and soul. You kuow it already." Jim ground his tooth savngoly. In thnt mouiout ho could havo killed tho man who dared to plot against his honour and muke lovo to his wifo, but ho waited to hear Norah's answer. : It camo at last. "Yes," Nornh said, nnd oh! how softlv and tenderly hor sweot voico thrilled, " yes, I know you lovo me, and that knowledge is my only com fort. I cling to it with all my strength. Yes, I know you lovo mo, and you must know that I — that I " Jim waited to hoar no moro, but turned nnd uindo his way to tho hall, staggering ns ho wont. Fivo minutes lator ho wqs galloping across tho park liko A madman. "When ho roachod homo, ho wont straight to his smoking room and Hung liimsolf iuto his favourite chair. Ho tried to think, but his thoughts woro in a whirl, his brain sooined on firo. Ho wished to consider tho matter calmly and coolly, but found that an uttor impossibility. Ono thought alono possessed him, ono bittor, cruol, maddoning thought. Norah was lost to him for ovor. With his own oars ho had henrd hor on- courogo another man to mnko lovo to hor. Norah, his Norah, his wifo whom ho had loved so dearly and trusted so blindly, had played him falso. With all his strength ho strovo to forgot tho words that lio lmd ovor- hoard ; but ho could not forgot, and memory was madness. It is impossible to put into words all that ho suffered. Tho wholo night long ho sat alono in his smoking-room, fighting with liimsolf and with this crushing sorrow that had bowed him to tho earth. When morning dawnod, tho cold groy light that etolo in through tho chinks in tho curtains showed him to bo but tho wreck of his former self. What should ho do ? That was tho question that forced itself with maddoning porsistonoy into. Iub brain, and tho answor was not easy to find. Thoro woro two or throo courses opon to him, but lio could not dccido which to follow. Ho considored aud rocousidored thorn all, but nono gavo liiuf satisfaction. At last u suudou thought struck him that put tho others to flight. Thoro was to bo a largo party at Woodlands that night. Mrs. Morvyn had invitod him, nnd ho had refused hor invitation ; but now ho would go. Ho would give himself ono moro chanco of soring with his own oyos, and hoaring with his own oars ; and if his suspicions woro coufiriuod ho would toll Norah thon and thoro that all was discovorod, and that sho was froo to go to hor lovor. Acting on this idea ho drovo ovor to Woodlauds in tho ovoning, fooling liko a man who is going to his oxneution. In tho luill ho found Mr. Morvyn en joying a surroptitious cigarotto, and was welcomed with groat cordiality. ' "So 'you've changed your rniud, Jim, and como to sco tho show after nil; that's right. I'm enjoying my self in my own way, you soo ; dancing in ono room, theatricals in another, noitlior of thorn in my lino, so I. camo out horo to havo a quiot smoko. Bottor stay and join mo." At that raomont Mrs. Morvyn camo slowly down tho wido stnircaso, and crossed tho hall towards tho two mon, struggling with a rofractory banglo that rofusod to faston. " Try nnd do this for mo, Edgar," sho said. Thon slio lookod up and hor oyos foil on Jim. " Mr. Konnody ! " sho criod. "Yos, it's Jim," said lior husband, "you needn't look as if you'd soon a ghost." Tho startled look still lingorod on hor faco, and slio laughod, norvously. " You aro tlio last person oxpoctcu to soo," slio said to Jim, " you rofusod so positively." " Upon my word, that's a hospitable apoccli," cried Mr. Morvyn, "Jim has changed his mind, aud wo'ro very glad to sec him. Como, tako him into what you call tho theatro, Kato, and lot him look at his frionds making fools of thomsolvos." Mrs. Morvyn lod tho way across tho hall, and Jim followed liko a man in a droarn. It all seemed so strange, so unroal ; ho could hardly rculiso tho stato of affairs. A minuto or two lator lio was in tho room that was doing temporary duty as a thoatro. ' Ono or two pcoplo spoko noattomptnt conversation. Ho lookod round in soarch of Norali, and, fail ing to find hor, throw liimsolf into a chair and gavo way to gloomy thought. Tho boll rang, aud tho curtain roso on tho second act, but Jim did not look up. Ho folt no intorest. What woro tho mimic joys and woes of tho stago to him ? Thoy could not com- paro with tho tragody of his own lifo. Ho sat thoro, with his oyos fixed on tho ground, wrapped in misorablo meditations, till all at onco a voico sounded through tlio room that thrilled him liko an electric shock. It was Norah s voico. What woro tho words that sho was saying ? "No, no, you can do nothing. Hoavon only knows how miserably unhappy I am, but no ono can holp mo— least of all you." Jim drow a long doop broath, and raised his oyes slowly, liko a man uwnking from somo hideous dream. Norah was on tho stago — his Norah, looking prettier than he had ovor soon lior ; and by hor sido, holding lior hand in his, stood Captain Warnor. " 1 can sympuuiiue wiui yuu, u x can do no moro, Toll mo what troubles you— it is always a roliof to talk to a sympathetic fritfnd. I am afraid you and your husband aro not vory well matched." Thoro was no noed to hear moro. Jim saw it all now. As in a lightning Onult nvnrvfhinrr was mado Tilain to him. Whnthe had overheard the day boforo was a rohcarsal of this particular acono, and ho had thought— ho had thought— Ah ! what had ho darod to think ? Ho cowered, guiltily, ns ho remembered all. Norali must never know of what ho had accused her in his mind, novor. Ho hardly know how to sit through tho remainder of tho play ; it seemed interminable ; but it camo to an end at lost, and tho curtain fell amidst great applause. Norah flow upstairs as soon as tho performance was ovor, to change her dress and wash tho rougo and powdor from her faco. Hor first attempt at 1 acting had been a distinct success, there could bo no two opinions about that; untmiill enough, showns proud of tho fact. Slio smiled, woll pleased, as sho dipped a spougo in soft wntor, and begau to batho lior face. Thoro was a slinky knock at tho door, and Jim came into tlio room. "Horo you arc, my darling," ho cried, gladly. She paused, in hor operations to look up at him— . " Yes hero I am, and likoly to bo; I . dou't know when I shall get rid of this horrid rougo. So you woro thoro oftor all, Jim ; I saw you in tho niuli- onuo,. and I was so surprised. Why did yon change your mind? It nil wont off splendidly, didn't it, nnd— nud— oh! Jim, nro you very cross with mo?" j " Cross with you ? " Ho lind como quito closo to lior now. " No, I am not cross with you, Nornh ; why should I bo?" " Woll, I was afraid you would bo, and I sont for you yesterday so thnt I might explain mattors, but you didn't como. You soo, I was rather forced into it ; I could not very woll holp myself. Mrs. Morvyn nindo such a point of my uudortnkiug tho part, that I could not refuse. I thought it was rather a risi/ne pnrt, but I'um awfully glad you nro not cross." Jim took her in hisaruis, spongoand nil, and kissed lior wot face. , " I am fomlor and proudor of my littlo wifo at this momeut than I have ovor boon boforo," ho said, " but I think wo'll lmvo no moro theatricals, Norah darling ; this shall bo your first and last appoaranco." " Vory woll," said Norali, roturuing tho kiss with interest ; " I am stiro I don't mind. I don't mind anything, so long as you arc not cross." And that was tho end of Mrs. Mor vyn's attempt at rovengo. "What, going so soon, Mr. Ken nedy ?" Mrs. Morvyn looked up with a woll- simulated nir of surpriso, and smilod pleasantly into Jim's white, wrathful faco. "Yes," ho replied; "hut lot mo first thank you for giving mo nu oppor tunity of attending tho porfonnanco as well as tho rohcarsal." 