No Panic Financing. IT may now be regarded as certain that Ministers have abandoned all idea of resort- ine- to heroic means of meeting the deficit. After many months of research, during which the most extraordinary (schemes for raising revenue have been Dossed tinder review, the Ministry virtually accepts the position which a couple of months ago we endeavoured to show was the only practical one. To effect an adjustment of the finances j they must depend upon three things— the proper management of the railways, j economy in the public service, and an increased revenue from Customs and excise duties. The deficit is a large one, and ought not to have been allowed to reach its present pro portions. But it furnishes no justifica tion for panic legislation, for new, and to us, strange taxation projects, bristling with objections such as only the sternest necessity would make us swallow. The Outs in the old country are wont to com plain that the Ins drain every source of revenue to the point of exhaustion. The Shiels Ministry is not entitled to thus complain of its predecessors. The revenue was heavily mortgaged, but its sources were not unduly drawn upon. No pre vious Victorian Ministry has beet re quired to pay off such a load of debt ; but, on tbe other hand, no Ministry could wish for easier means of doing it than those which lie at the convenient command of Sir Graham Berrv. We do not think that the Budget speech, to be delivered next week, will contain other than negative reference to either an income tax or to a tax on land values. Expenditure which has been, or is being, incurred in anticipation of re ceipts from land sales is not to be taken into account when the Treasurer is deal ing with ordinary ways and means. That expenditure is certainly an advance from the public account, but the Land Sales by Auction Fund Act has spe cifically prescribed how it is to be re couped. Omit it, and the deficit will be about £1,250,000. To that amount trust monies and. loan funds levied upon tem porarily for ordinary expenditure must be made good out of new revenue. It would be very pleasant if the Treasurer could put his hand into the purse of For- tunatus and balance bis ledger without more ado. But it is not essential that tbe debt be extinguished at once. It may be inconvenient to make provision for its extinction, in a single year. The amount is the accumulation payment nogbt advantageously be smJS over several years. There should notl the least <lifficuity in paying it off and it is plainly not worth while to work a rayolution in our taxation schemes for the express purpose of balancing the aecount in a single year. The new duties authorised last weA need only be supplemented by a fe more of the kind, and the whole things done. We are assuming, of course that the railway deficits are to ce under the new management, and that the economies in the public service are real. At Casterton, in March last, the Premier anticipated that a saving of £130,000 a year was possible in the service. may, therefore, expect that the Govern, ment will contrive to save £100,000 which is tantamount - to providing that much money to help pay off the deficit, On what basis the returns from the duties imposed last week are calculated we do not know» Sir Graham Berry's expectations with regard to them will be stated in the . Budget speech. Mean while, it appears to us that the duties ought to yield very much more than the £200,000 mentioned in semi-official para graphs. It might not be fair to calculate pos sible imports on an average which in cluded figures for "boom" years. Takiug only the last two years — superlatively , dull ones — andassuming that the mean is a fair criterion for future importations, we get additional revenue from the increased duties as follows : — Tea ... ... £100.<>'4> Spirits m. ... ... 150, '(X) Wines... ... ... 23,0o0 Beer ... ... .h 4 fuOiO Total « M .. £318,000 The advance in the excise on spirits should provide at least £30,000 more ; revenue, thus bringing the total increase to £348,000. The spirit importers have warned us against all sorts of dire cala mities if the new duties be persisted in. But with the experience of other colonies before us, we need not feel alarmed. There is not a great prospect of the total consumption of spirits being diminished, and what we do not get in increased import duty we may expect in excise. So there need be little or no allowance made. In addition, tbe new duties on live stock have to be taken iuto account. So far they have furnished little revenue, the colony having beengluttedin anticipa- tion of the advance. Last year the mere nominal duties on stock brought £65.000 to the revenue. It is not too much to now expect £100,000 per annum more. If only one-third the number of cattle imported last year were brought into tbe colony, and no sheep at all. the increase would be nearly what we have stated. More over, there is the excise duty which it is anticipated will be placed on colonial made beer. At 3d. a gallon this would produce a quarter of a million sterling. Group these figures and there is a very impressive total. New duties on tea, spirits, wine, and beer .. .. £318.000 Excise on spirits . , .. .. 30,000 New stock duties.. .. . , 100,000 Excise on Victorian beer , . 250,000 £698,000 We believe that tbe above figures are well within the mark. Add £100,000 for savings "in the public service, and £80,000, if the twopenny postage be restored, and the amount is £87$, 000. It needs only the concession of a few of the many claims being made for additional protective duties to bring the total up to a million. And there area score of existing duties which might be increased in such a manner that while the consumer would never feel them they would largely augment the weekly receipts at the Custom-house. Our affairs are not so desperately bad after all..' V/' . , , .J'- .&!: v The mischief-maker3 who strive so hardia of the unemployed in.. Flinders street have a good deal to. say about "the flag.", One speaker the other day — a man not without a degree of rough eloquence- traced 'all our troubles to " the flag" We suppose there are a few here and there who think with him. It would be interesting to know how they explain to themselves recent doings in America— "the freest country on this clay," somebody has called it. Following ac counts of the pitched battle between the police and ironworkers, we get the in timation that the Boise County in Idaho is proclaimed to be " in a state of rebellion," Mines and bridges are being destroyed by dynamite, and twelve men who declined to join the Union have been murdered. What mnrf j be regarded as civil war h" taken nUoa J and no fewer than - 50€© liTe been made prisoners by the troops, 'All this under the "Stars and Stripes!' We tyould not remotely suggest the least curtailment of the generous freedom of speech which our constitution grants. But it is fair to remind men who are always abusing the flag that .if they opened their mouths only quartet ide: in any other part of the world they would he clapped into gaol without the least ceremony. "The cablegrams from Europe announce the exciting intelligence that the Emperor William of Germany, who is taking a "yachting trip in the Northern seas, has killed a whale ; apparently with his own imperial hands ! Unbelieving people, we suspect, on reading this intelligence, will be very apt to quote Shakespeare, and pronounce the news to be " very like a whale !" "Whale-killing is by no means sport for amateurs ; and a harpoon driven by no matter how illustrious a hand, if that hand be half paralysed and wholly unskilled, will be more apt to tickle a whale than to kill it. Perhaps this particular whale, however, was possessed by properly loyal sentiments, and as soon as it was made to understand that His Imperial Highness wanted to enjoy the glory of taking its life, it, with due politeness, gave up the ghost. Or was it the effect of one of the Emperor's ser- > mons, overheard by this too sensitive whale on a Sunday, which produced fatal effects. 