CHAPTER VIII. This life—one was thinking to-day, In the midst of a medley of fancies Is a game, and the board where we play. Green Earth, with her poppies and pansies. A. Lang. ' You can go, Prim. I shall attend to mamma.' It is late next morning,—quite a quarter to twelve,—and Helen, who is hovering daintily over a rather dilapidated Lady Patty, dismisses the ' perfect treasure' with a smiling nod. ' Now tell me all the news,' says she, pushing her mother into a comfortable chair, and preparing to brush out Lady Patty's still fair and luxuriant locks. ' Oh, it wasn't much,' says Lady Patty, yawning ; ' yet it might have been worse, too. A lot of people one knew, as well as a bigger lot one never heard of in their lives, and isn't likely to again. That's the worst of these artistic affairs.' ' The best I should think. Variety is always charming. Did they admire your new frock ?' ' Yes, immensely. Really, Helen, it was the biggest thing in the room. Everybody asked me who made it. It ought to be a re- gular advertisement for Madame Delagne ! I think I will drive round there this after- noon on my way to the Gorings' and tell her about it. She ought to let me off half the price on account of it. But she's the meanest creature !' ' After all, if she let everybody off, she wouldn't be a millionaire,' says Helen. ' Would you like to sit with your face to the glass whilst I'm doing your hair ?' ' Yes, I think I should,' says Lady Patty, modestly. ' Who was there ? Oh, the whole world. Tom, among others.' ' Tom !' Helen lets her mother's hair fall loosely round her shoulders and stares at her mother's eyes in the glass. ' Why, he said he wasn't going!' ' H'm !' says Lady Patty to herself. ' She doesn't like that. I was right. She would have gone had he been going ! This must be checked at once. Caroline, with all her vaunted common sense, isn't half as clever as I am. I shall drive round and tell her. If Helen had known Tom was to be there she would have accompanied me. Just as well she didn't. It's an ill wind blows no- body good. With that child in the room I should scarcely have been such a success as I was, and certainly I could not have risked dancing so often with——' ' Tom !' says Helen, again, as if amazed. She has resumed the soft and measured usage of the brush. ' He told me he was going down to Norfolk by the late train ' ' Unless I saw his ghost, it was Tom, says Lady Patty, laughing. ' And looking uncommonly well, too,—for him !' ' What a disparagement !' says Helen. ' Why, I think Tom quite good-looking !' ' I've no doubt you do,' says Lady Patty to herself again. ' He seemed in radiant spirits,' says she out loud. ' I never saw him so animated. I dare say he couldn't drag himself away at the last moment. I expect his present in- fatuation was there last night.' ' Is he in love too ?' asks Helen, hastily. The ' too,' however, escaped her mother. ' He is always in love more or less,' says she, judiciously. ' He is a perfect butterfly, ' constant to one love never !' as somebody says. However,'—gayly,—' Tom's nobody. A mere detrimental. If he can't manage to marry an heiress, he can't possibly marry at all. Let me tell you about the other people.' ' Yes, do. You like your hair high for your bonnet, don't you—Well, Miss Acton looked lovely as usual, I suppose. What did she wear ?' ' Rose ; of all things ! A rose-colored skirt, covered with crepe of the same shade. Hideous, I thought ; too pronounced, and very unbecoming to one so pale. After all, Helen, I don't think she is so entirely up to the mark as they try to make one believe.' ' Still, she is charming,' says Helen. ' When I see her, I like to sit quite quiet and look at her.' ' It is all that is left one to do. Certainly you couldn't listen to her, because she never opens her lips.' ' She leems dull, certainly,' says Helen, reluctantly. ' I am afraid most of the really lovely women are deficient in cleverness.' ' Oh, I don't know that,' says Lady Patty, with an appreciative glance at herself in the glass. ' But Ethel Acton is a perfect fool. She came with the Chesters. By the bye, Helen,' starting round, now that her hair is finished, ' talking of the Chesters reminds me of Lord Vysely : he was there too ; and —good gracious ! how very near I was to forgetting all about it !' Helen has laid down the brush, but now fidgets about a little at the dressing- table, before turning round. Her mother continu- ing silent, however, she says at last,— (To Be Continued.) 