VERA. 'Not yet, my dear,' said the squire, laying his big fatherly hand on her head and stroking it. 'I can only hope from my heart that he will be worthy of you, but I doubt it, child, I doubt it. He will break your heart as he has ' He stopped himself just in time, for he felt sure that Nellie, though she fancied she knew all about Neville's former life, knew very little in reality. She did not notice his words, for her head was resting on his breast and her eyes were full of tears. •' He will be worth more than I can give him,' she said in her loving pride. 'The time will come when you will know you have' done him an injustice.' The squire ardently wished it might, but he said no more to her except to promise that he would see everything put in train for her marriage as far as the settlements were concerned, and be resolved in his own mind. that Mr. Neville Delamere should have as little of the handling of his wife's money as could possibly be arranged. CIIAPTER VIII. THE Saucy Susan belied her name terribly as she lay at her mooring on the dark water with the pitiless rain beating dowri on her, and working the coal dust on her deck into a black slush, that grimed everything it touched to the colour of a sweep. She was not a ship to be sung about in ballads and called a thing of beauty in senti mental paragraphs.' She was not even a penny steamer always in a hurry and ferment, and dirty by reason of the motley crowd that hurry on and off her decks with every passing hour. She was nothing half so dignified even as a tug-she was only a coal barge and not half so smart and saucy as her companiorns. She lay in the Surrey Canal, a dark and sluggish stream, waiting for the time to come when she was to take a perilous and adven turous journey- at least, so it seemed to her commander and his wife-and go all across the river into the canal on the north side. Black and rough as the Saucy Sally was she was home to the people on board of her. The coarse-looking woman. with tile battered face, who was cooking something redolent of onions in the stifling cabin,' had never known any other dwelling place than a barge; and the man who was smoking .his pipe on deck under a tarpaulin shelter, re gardless of the rain which was posiring down in torrents, had been born in just such a bed as he would occupy presently-when they had had their supper and,his wife had 'been able to clear away all the dishes and various odds and ends which were at present spread upon their nightly resting place. It was a good enough life to them-they had to work hard and live hard, but they managed to get along somehow. They were a lawfully married couple, a fact of which the lady was very proud-it gave her a standing, as it were, rather in advance of her neighbours on the. barges,' most of whom had deemed that' ceremony totally unnecessary,, and reared their numerous progeny in a comfortable. and heathenish ignorance of all social and moral ties. Mrs. Snadgett, for that was the lady's name, .had a provoking habit of flourishing her 'marriage lines' on every available occasion, and of asserting her own superiority in that respect in a manner that frequently led to serious differences of opinion between her and her lady acquaintances. Life was not all honey to her, though she was Bill Snadgett's lawful wife. He was very handy with his fists, and did not always scruple, as a. well-regulated husband should have done, to use his heavy boots when he wanted to enforce an argument. .Mrs, Snadgett's face bore witness to the hastiness of his temper, and the force of his arguments, and yet they were quoted as a fairly happy couple among the barge popula tion of the canal, 'They were'proud, were the Snadgetts,' was the universal verdict on the water. They were not satisfied to bring up their children . like anyone else, which simply meant letting them live if they would or die if they must with most of the barge families. The Snadgetts had tried to get their only girl out of the life, and they had'done it, 'in so far as the girl had succeeded' in getting herself a situation as drudge in general to a woman.who let lodgings of a low type, .and who so starved and worked the half-grown creature that she fell ill and only came home to the barge to die in the stifling little den where she bad first seen light. It was a judgment on Polly Snadgett, the canal population declared, she should have let her girl do as other girls did-she would have picked up a husband sometime and been alive now very likely, and Molly, would have had nothing to fret about, Molly did fret. Underneath her rough outside, and it was about as rough as could be imagined in a woman, she had a world of love and tenderness, She loved her un tutored husband and her lazy, foul-mouthed son just as passionately as the most refined wife and mother in the land, and worshipped the memory of her dead girl as if She were 'a veritable saint able to intercede in the other world for the mother who mourned her so deeply in this one. ' - A queer portrait or picture rather of the of the young Molly hung'abov' the flap' that served for a table in the tiny cabin-a st:iring daub taken by some itinerant' artijst at a fair; and if every other inch ofthe place was dirty, as it very often 5as, for Molly wvas something of a slattern, and her -means of cleanliness were small, the glass of the hideous libel on the human form divine' was always bright and clean. SAll was clean on.this particular night on which 'we."miakse.:the. acquaintance of the Snadgetts, for they had.had a short time of leisure, and"she was going into a new neigh bourhood and among fresh people, with whom, for aught she knew, cleanliness might be the tashion; she was anxious to appear. a.t her best..when she took this far. away journey across the river, if, indeed, they ever arrived on the other side safe and well -a mnitter on which she was very doubtful. Her' whole life' so far 'had' been hbounded by canal banks, and she had but once passed right through Londou and over any of the bridges. 'There it's all ready now,' she said to her self, as she raised her head from over the iron pot in which she had been cooking a strange medley, which smelt appetising enough. 'Now he may come as soon as he likes. Where's Dick; I wonder ? But there it's'no'use worryingv he'll come when it suits ,bim I.suppose.' ' h'.b(.:sigbed as she spoke, for Dick and lii'doidigs'ave her a great deal of trouble. -He was her son,and his habits were the reverse of regular-in fact it was more by luck than good management, his father decla.red, that. he had kept osit of the clutches of the. police till now. His mother loved himi and made excuses for him as mothers will, and she put aside enough of the supper to have fed a family for him' against he came in,' ' Bill would sit it up and scrape the sauce pan,' she said, in apology as it were for her proceeding; 'there's nevei any knowing when he'll end. 'Come on, old man, its ready.' But Bill did not ansiwer at once, and she climbed up the steep little ladder which was their only staircase to see what he was about. ' He'll have gone to' sleep, I daresay,' she said. And sure enough he had-he had slipped down flat on the wet, sloppy deck and was slumbering peacefully with. the pipe pushed far enough into his mouth to have choked any more sensitive person, and tarpaulin enough-to smother him over his head and face. 'His legs were sticking out'exposed to all the fury of the rain, and his better half kicked them with all her might by way of a gentle hint that supper was ready, 'Now-then, hold hard,' he growled, froni under his tarry covering.. ' Pull some of this off, can't you?' However did you- come under it like that ?! said Mrs. Snadgett, tugging away at the heavy stuff. ' Do get up, supper's ready, and I am hungry. ' ' And'so am I; I have been hnngry ever since dI had anything to eat last. Get out of the way, and pick up that pipe--you're always under 'a fellow's feet.'' Mr. Snadgett's conversation was garnished in a fashion that would not be. agreeable to ears polite to record, and his wife swore many a good. round oath and thought nothing of it, and she consigried him and his pipe to a warm place and declared she would not pick it up for him nor twenty like him. His 'hsnd was up to enforce his part of the argument in his usual way, and her much-be- laboured head was ducked to avoid a blow, when they were both started into a cession of hostilities by the sudden appearance of a woman on the bank close by where they were moored. It was such an unusual place to see any body, even in the daytime, that the slight figure looked almost unearthly as it glided forward towards the water. ' It's a ghost, Bill,' gasped Mrs. Snadgett, who had a wonderful. awe of the super natural. 'No, it isn't, it's' a -woman. What on earth is she going to do-is she walking in her sleep,'I wonder ? Hi,. missis, that is not the.way to anywhere,, you'll be in the water.' Still the figure glided, on 'and took no notice, and they watched it in spite of the rain till it came to the very. brink of the water. , Then it took .a sharp turn as if suddenly remembering or discovering: something lost its. balance and tell with a splash into' the deep canal basin . I . : 'Get a light,'. Bill Snadgett said, 'we'll have her.' It was not the first time by many, that. he had pulled someone out of the:water, and he :knew exactly where to look for, the reappearance of the figure" that had gone down so near them. : :'.She must come by here,' he said to his wife, who had obeyed him as quickly almost as he spoke, and was' holding up: a great: torch of .tarred rope, which' fizzed and spluttered _in the :wet. ' Ah I there she is.' Only for a moment; she disappeared as quickly as she had: come" to the" surface and .it was only. biy, the merest chance .that she rose again near' enough for them to grasp her clothes. There was. no one to help them, a' big space of water was between them and the nearest barge, and if anyone was on board there they seemed to be asleep. . They managed to get her out of the water somehow, though the effort very near cost Molly a ducking, and made her husband pant as if he had carried a hundred sticks of coal he declared. They were good-hearted folks, this un tutored bargee and his rough wife. The unlooked-for event disarranged all their supper and upset Molly's household arrangements, but they thought nothing of it, and took the waif from the water down into their morsel of a cabin and laid her: in their only bed, wrapped 'up in a blanket, before they thought of themselves at all,. 'She ain't dead,' Bill said, when they saw the breath- come back 'and the heavy. eyelids quiver. "You. leave her be a bit,' and give me my supper; she won't hurt.' . Mr. Snadgett dispensed with the ceremony of putting out his food on a plate, but ate it out of the huge bowl into which his wife turned it, her spoon' playing but a very.in different part compared to his till the platter; was empty. ' I don't like the looks of her, Bill,' she said, after an inspection of their unexpected guest, ' she seems .to me oft her head.' .' Off her head"' implied something very dreadful in Molly's eyes. The ignorant poor have such strange ideas of delirium, and certainly the insensible girl, for she was no more, was muttering and moaning in a queer fashion, and seemed to know nothing of where she was or what had happened to her. ' Give her a sum of rum,' Bill said, Rum was his panacea for every ill under the sun, and his wife obeyed him. She forced a little of the liquid down .the throat of.the girl, but the effect was-to make the eyes sparkle with a wild light and the lips to move in more incoherent mutterings than ever,. '.What shall we do with her, Bill?' she asked. 'She's awful bad, I thintk.' ' I don't know-take her with us, .I sup pose.' 'Take her with usl' I 'We can't pitch her in thewater as I see,' growled Mr. Snadgett, 'a?ind I'm not 'going ashore a hunting a bobby orbi anyone, at this time of night. Let lier stay' ivhere she is still she comes to a bit-we shall' have to start directly almost, and we can put her?ashbre on the other'side. What he said was sensible enough. It would have been no small trouble to get ashore just then and the chances were if he had done so he would have been along tiine finding any one to help him out of ,his' difliculty. The girl was safe there aid she would come to her senses all right by the time they were across the river and'he' had had hisi supper and felt inclined'to enjoy' the morsel of ease and quiet that would be his 'till' the daylight, broughit work and statiing time again. ' The young 'voman was alive anid hle was satisfied. Both. he and his wife took the heavy breathing and the halfshut' eyes for :sleep, andleft her to.herself. . : She moaned a little, but she was not troublesome, and they had plenty to do. She must have slept very sound, for the arrival of the son ot her host and hostess very drunk and noisy did not awake her. Bill Snadgett the younger managed to nearly drown himself in his passage along a plank from the wharf to the Saucy Susan, and shouted and stamped when he had accomplished the perilous feat in a fashion calculated to rouse the whole neighbourhood. It was right over the head of the girl in the little stuffy cabin, but it never roused her. She might have been a corpse' but for the slight quivering of her lips, and the rising and falling of her bosom as she breathed with what seemed to be difficulty. And so the night wore on and the more. ing saw the barge slowly moving away from the place where the woman had fallers into the canal, bearing her with it to the unknown country on the other side of the river,. CHAPTER IX, THERE was not a vestige of anything to tell where the stranger came from or who she was. Molly looked over the clothes she had managed to drag off her back as well as the circumscribed limits of the place. would permit, but there was no' maik'on anything. The linen was old, but fine, and the other articles of clothing were plain and neat, but by no means distinctive. A plairi,.black dress, such. as any young lady might have worn, neatly made and pretty good, and a bat and mantle, black also and without much ornament, completed her toilette, and not one of the articles had the slighteste nmark on them by which the owner's name could "be. discovered. Theie was nothing in her pockets except one solitary balf.pen'ny, and Mr..Snadgett gave it as his. opiniion that she had tried to drown herself. ' She's one of them as couldn't stand poverty,' he said to his wife,' too proud' to beg and too finicking to work. . She 'won't thank'us maybe for bringing hei to again.'. ' She will some day if she don't noni,'. Molly said. 'Everybody's glad when their lives have been saved -when they come to, think :about, it.' We've seen that a maiy' times, you and me.' : hich indeed they had,;for they had been the means of rescuing several poor creatures from a watery grave, and there was' scarcely one.who was not grateful. ' I don't. think this one will have.much to say 'about it,' Bill remarked, when his duties permitted him to come down and see how. things were going on. ' Why ?' Molly asked. She had been obliged to leave her charge very much to herself during their transit, for she as well as her husband was wanted on deck. 'She's asleep, ain't she ?' ' She's dying I think,' Bill replied. ' We. must have a doctor to her. Look at her, old woman; all that twitching aint for nothing.' Molly bent over the sleeping girl, whose face was all drawn and distorted as if she were in pain, but who did not seem to be any more conscious than s when they first took her on board. There was a curious look on the pinched features now, a look that to the bargeman and his wife, ignorant as they were of what to do in sickness, seemed to portend nothing b 'ut death. '.Whatever shall we do?' Molly said in :dismay.' 'They'll think we murdered her maybe if she.dies here.' 'They can'ti d that,, old woman. We'll tell them how she came to us. Ii's not murder'to pull a person out of the water.' ' But who knows that. we did puil her out of the, wateri?' Mrs; Snadgett said. ' Her clothes are all dry now and she looks more like someone who has been knocked on the head than drowned, and we don't'know any one here.; It's awkward.' It certainly was. But Bill proved himself equal to the ocdasion. ' He was..not, going to have anything:like murder .sticking to him,' he said, and went for'the nearest doctor. ' Lor', Bill, they won't come to the likes of us,' Molly. said. *' They'll have to come,' Bill replied,' shortly. And he was right. He returned with the doctor, a young man who had only recently been .appointed to the parish and had not had time to get hardened to his work. 'Shadwell, to which agreeable locality the barge had come, is not a wealthy or aris tocratic place, and Mr. Nash, the young surgeon whose rest Bill Snadgett had dis turbed after a hard day's work, had only just. been appointed to the post of parish surgeon. He was charitable and kind-hearted-per haps on those .two accounts the very last man to have the charge of the parochial sick list--and his housekeeper prophesied that he would soon knock himself up if he went on as he did and allowed the people to rob him of all his sleep, to say nothing of keeping him in a constant state of poverty by their demands on his purse. He would spend the night'after a hard day's' w6rk by? the'side of' some poor wretch fighting with death, arid watch the case, of .the poorest pauper with as much interest and care as if'.he were going to receive a royal fee 'fdr' his services. ..Like Belton.: Leicester, whose friend and fellow-worker he had been 'through all their. hospital studies,' he loved his noble pro fession forits 'own sake, aid; he was some thing of an enthusiast as his friend was. :'On thlis particblar day he had been on his' feet since breakfast alinost' without a minute's. rest, and the preceeding night' had been spent by.the side of a miserable creature for whose.worthless life"be had fought' step by, step till the danger iwas past and the victory. won; ' It was'smalliwonder that his houisekeeper replied, somewhat churlishly, to the rough looking man who demanded to see him in no very gentle tones: ' It's no, good' coming here without an order from the parish,' she said. ' Mr. Nash can't come to every ragamuffin that comes and wants to drag him out; he's in bed and' I shan't wake him; be's working fit to kill himself already.' ' I don't know nothing about tbhe iparish,' growled Bill Snadgett, roused to wrath by her 'words; ',I wants a doctor for someone who is dying-leastivays who will die if I don tbring one. I csan pay, missis, if that's. it, but I'm afeared Death won't wait while I run. lodkipg. for the parish people to come and stop himn.': . - I' It's no use if you stand there and talk all night,' the woman said;:sourly. '?I am. not goingto disturbd minimaster unless ' i:.am. foirced to.,'You.come1,pd show me an order fosr,him to'attedd anP Ill talk to you then,' .' Bit I tell.you sh's dying.' , .. '.I can't help thit. ' Who is dying? What is the matter, Mrs. Crimp ?' :'asked a voice from above, and Mr. Nash appeared .at:the'top of the stairs in a very scanty 'cosiume? ' You shotild have called me sat once.' 'There's noorder, sir. ' '.Death doesni't wait for them,' as he says,' Mr. Nash replied. 'I'll come down directly, my inan., - In an incredibly short space of time he was downstairs and asking Bill Snadgett all'about the object of his visit. Bill explained pretty lucidly, but his svits were rather astray, partly that he was not accustomed to talk to anyone that did not swear every other word, .and partly that lihe had found the doctor's house rather difficult to discover and had made inquiries mostly at public.houses on the road. 'Why, it is eight and forty hours ago,' Mr. Nash said, in dismay, when he heard the story. 'Yes, sir, it is nigh on that.' ' And she has been insensible ever since.' '1 suppose so, sir; me and my missis thought she was asleep, but she's wild like now'and talks a goodish bit.' Mr. Nash was prepared to see one of the usual class of young women that throw them; selves into the river, and thought he should guess from the tawdry clothing what the cause of the act had been. He was not at all prepared for the intellectual face that was moving restlessly Irom side to side on the lard pillows and the neat clothes that were shown to him as those of the patient. There was something very odd about the whole affair. Bill Snadgett and his wife declared that not a soul knew what had happened but themselves, and that there had been nothing about the girl to show who she was. He examined her and found the cause of the deltrium. The head had struck something in falling into the water or rising to the surface, and he feared there was a fracture of the skull. ' She must be taken away from here, or course,' he said. 'I will see about her being removed to the workhouse. She will stand some little chance of recovery there.' ' She'd stand a better chance with my Molly,' Mr. Snadgett said, gruffly. ' I don't think much of them workhouses.. They would only be too glad if she was to die'and rid the parish of the trouble of her.' " They will take care of her where I am,' the young man said, quietly. .'You need have nio fear on that score.' S've no cause to care anything:about her,' the bargeman said, ' but I got herld'ut of the water, and somehow I feel as. .it. I ihad a right in her.' Molly was sadly afraid they shouid' be suspected - perhaps accused - of "having done the girl a mischief, but Mr. ;.Nash pointed. out to her that he could speak to the fact of the blow that :had rendered 'hei insensible for so long having baeed 'ccime by under watfer. There was some of the ooze and slime adhering to her hair still. Sdo to the workhouse the unknown waif was removed. .Mrs. Snadgett accompanied her with. her clothes. She.. had carefully brushed and folded them, and in the process she had made a discovery. Passing her hand over 'the front of the dress; she had felt something like paper, It was dry now, and crackled under her touch. Whatever it was was sewn into the lining of the dress, and Molly took a sharp knife and ripped the seam. She was not much of a needlewoman, but she managed to sew it up again in a sufficiently neat manner, and she hid the papers and said nothing about them. 'Perhaps they will tell something about who she is,' she said to herself, ' and be worth money-who knows ?' She could not make much of them when she came to spell them over with immense difficulty, for her education had been some what neglected, and the utmost she could do was to make out here and there a word or two of print. There was a marriage: certifi cate which she could read because it resembled .her. owo, of which she 'was so proud,, and a few letters: which' might. have been Greek for anything she could.make of them. Sh'e went to'the worlkhouse to see her late guest, but'she was told she was no better 'and the . doctors were going to perform some operation on her head. which would relieve her; .and ,that was the last intelli gence she had of her, for they .were moved on again to commence -:their wandering life and it was very uncertain 'when she would see Loidonn in the: time to come. . 'And how ;lo you like it all, 'old boy ? Is Springfield as glorious a place as you fancied it would be ?' ' Mr.' Nash asked the question of Belton Leicester, who had come to town to make all the little final arrangements consequent on his change of residence. ' It is a supremely ignorant and benighted place, if there is any glory in that,' Mr. Leicester replied, with a laugh, ' The people are about as unenlightened as the old woman who tied up her big toe because she had a headache. There's plenty of room for philanthropy and humanising there, and yet, a great deal has been done and by a very youthful hand too.' 'Meaning the Miss Rivers you wrote me such a rhapsody about the other day ?' 'Meaning her.' ' Your lady patroness in fact. Are you going to fall in love with her ' ' ' I'fall in love, you forget, Nash-it is not so 'old yet that Ican forget it.' ' I beg your pardon I am sure, .I spoke hastily.' '"And Miss Rivers is engage'd so if I' were ever so free to marry, or cohld mnake inyself her. equal, I should :have no chance,... She is going to throw herself. away'for she "is a sweet 'creature and 'vorthy of th e bebst' bhus' band'in the world--ri a man who.will break her, heart if she is sensitive ;or;:: harden. it if she is not, in a very little while. "I think it is as well she is engaged to' be mairied,'; Mr. Nash said,: drily; ., You seem very:much inclined to chant her .praises; 'Do you know the gentleman, that you speak so feelingly ?' 'I do.' ,-Who is it?' ' Neville Delamere.' ''Good heavens !' Does she know??' ' I am told that she herselfav'erstliat she knows everything: concerning the' gentleman. I have promised him to be silent as long as he does nothing', to outrage her. It is 'a nasty subject,. Nash, let us drop' it. How are you getting: on ?' 'Swimmingly, if:toomuch work is a sign of prosperity; I really think I am doing a good work here.' 'Not if you are killing yourself. Anything special' on 'hand.' - ., Yes, dne very, interesting case at the workhouse, an' attempted suicide I fancy girl fished.out 'of the canal with a broken head we have had to trepan, and she is doing 'very well.:. Oddly enough the very first word she:,ttered was tihe name ofthe laIdyyou' have been talking about,' ' Miss.Rivers?' ' ''" 'I sthought so; it seeiel.to::inme, to come out quite plain and .distinct;. The others thbi'ughtashe said' somnething about falling into 'the rivwr.".. '" '' 'That's more likely, I should think,' Mr. Leicester.said,'.I should like to see her;. I ha?e been reading'? ' ' . ,But thu reader won't be: interesited"in tie ftclhnical discussior. odsi the.stubject: of trepan ning which followed Mr,.Nash's. mention of the girl in the workhouse. ' CHAPE' ...' .2 BELTON icEIESiR wut with lii friernd to seethe' in'ter stinig cae at':at the' woikhouse. He? looked at it.in a professional light alto'bether, anid in the l;nrry' of Mr. Nasb's bisiriess, for that imuch-cvanted gentleman scarcely seemed to haye a minute to breathe, he heard no more than uthe bare outlines of the case. " H: e learned that the young woman had been taken out of the river, and that the injury to her head was thie result of a blow infallifig into the water. But he gathered, or thought he did, that it was somewhere close by that she had been found, and had no idea of the journey across the river that Mr. Sandgett and his wife had taken. She was quite sensible vwhen he saw her, and able to talk, and it seemed that Mr. Nash's notion about her having mentioned the name of Rivers was all a mistake--her name was Esther Morton. She was very weal:, but she answered all the questions put to her readily enough. Sbe had done nothing to be ashamed of, she said, and she had fallen into the water by accident, having missed her way in thie dark, She was a seamstress and quite destitute, and was very thankful for the shelter and care that had been bestowed upon her. Her case was really a very interesting one. The operation had been a difficult and delicate one, and Mr. Nash and the more experienced surgeon who had operated were justly proud of the success of their handi work. Esther Morton became quite a person of interest, and benefited in mauy little ways by the excitement there had been about her. Charitable ladies came to see her, and seldom left without giving her some little token of their sympathy and interest.. She' was very grateful for all the kindness shown her, and was not at all reticent about herself. She knew nothing of her parentage,' which accounted for her lonely condition; She had been brought up by the parish, and had picked up her living how she could since she was of an age to care for herself.' " he had a taste for sewing, add the mat ron of the workhouse, which had been her only home till she went out to service, had takern a fancy to'her and taught her, several kinds of .work. For the last three years. she had supported, herself, by her -needle; but work had 'failed her, and. she had been obliged to sell everything she possessed' to buy food. Her landlady had refused to keep her any longer, and she had been seeking for some place to spend the night in, when the accident happened that deprived her of her. senses. ' . \- It was a glib tale and glibly told, but it was a little too pat some of the people "who heard it thought. She was very humble in demeanour and exceedingly well behaved, but she seemed so entirely above the. life she had described herself as leading that Mr. Naslh was puzzled. He had too much to do to give much time to fancies about his patients, and his interests in Esther Morton rather died out as she got quite well and able to get about again, . He never even heard that she had made a complaint about 'certain papers which she declared herself to have been robbed of, and which no one in the work. house had ever seen. She-had them in- the bosom of her dress, she said, and the stitches had been cut and the placesewed upagain. No one in the workhouse knew anything about it, and she could hear nothing of Molly Snadgett. She had no money to prosecute any search.after her, and, to tell the truth, very little notice was taken of what she said about it. The parochial authorities have something else to do besides attending to the trifling complaints of those whom they help' to feed and shelter. ! Esther Morton left the workhouse, and it was understood' that one of the ladiesl most interested in her had procured her a situa tion somewhere, and Mr. Nash and the authorities at Shadwell saw her no more. IBelton Leicester thought a good deal about her. There was something in her face that interested him very much. It was the face of no common woman-there was strength and purity in it, in spite of the untoward circumstances under which he saw it. The eyes that looked out at him from .under.' the' bandages and trappings of the'. dresser's arranging were powerful-full of life 'and irntellect, and the hands were well shaped' and: white. . ' That woman has a history,':he said to himself as he jotted down a memorandum of the case for his own future benefit. 'I think I shall hear of her again.' But all he did hear was that she had left the workhouse and gone her way into the world again, and after awhile Esther Morton went out of his head as completely as if he had never heard of her. ' You will never be troubled with my poor cousin, Mr. Delamere.' ' Have I no other name, Nellie ?' and. Neville Delamere drew the "sweet face nearer to his and pressed a kiss upon it. ' Whatever makes you call me 'Mr. Dela mere 'in that serious fashion.' S:.Because it is a serious thing alitogether, ;and I don't quite see what will be the end of. ^ , : , ,: ,, ,,,. ,,: ! ' : . " ; ;',The end of'vwhat ?.' : . .. " ..' '' '' SOf all that.has happened.' *' : "'! i ," 'Me;.ning. Miss ..Mildred's 'iiopportune, discovery and the row ,with. your..venerable .aunt ?'". You are..not to talk like that about Lady River;, she is not an old womani' ' Judging by her power of tongue and her ektreme interest ii other people's affairs;'she ought to be a hundred. :Well, I'll say .' re spected' then- is; that a better word ? .' Isn is the row .with her that makes' you call: meI "Mr. Delamere ! all at once?.I can tell"yoiu what will come of it, Nellie dear.' ' ' . What ?' 'Our speedy marriage without any of the fuss that, there would have been over it if discovery had come about later. I am :very thankful that Miss Millie did come, in' that way, though it was rather awkward.' 'I am not glad, it was horribly, embar rassing. But that was not what I was going to talk about, Neville dear.' ' Ah, that's right, put ' Mr. Delamere' away for occasions of ceremony. What was" my.darling going to say ? or rather what. did you say.? You began your oration with some intelligence about your cousin, or the person' who calls herself so, and to whom I. donet wish any harm, but whom I like to: consign to the bottom of the nearest river.' ' Why ? you don't know ker.' 'No, but you want' to make'her 'acquain tance, and to bring, her here to. come between us I could 'not stand it,my darling, and so I tell you plainly.'::, :. : .: '.':. 'You.won't be asked to-sbe is detadl',' :. ' Dead I' e . t ta":: "" ' Somiie strange, 'sick'feeling seenmed'to. take hold of Neville Delamere as:.he echoed. her single word. The room reeled .round with' and he turped hastily away, lest she" should iead in his face the tell-tale emotion all too visible' ihere.:' 'The very': m'ention iof .her cousin seemed always to upset him, anrid she took i'letter.fror her pocket and handed it to him. ,'. ' . . 'This morning's post brought me, that,! hie said i ' it seems true, 'and if it is; it :is a miserable ending for.. her, poor girl-it has made'me feel quite ill.' It was a letter from the house doctor of an hospital in Hertfordshire, arid was startling to say. the least of it. Neville Delamere read it with much surprise and no little satistac. tion. ' He had always dreaded the introduc iion. of this cousin whom Nellie was so anxious to take to her heart and home, and lie knew full well that when his wilful little ladylove chose to do anything she was not easily turned from her purpose. Hadley Hospital, Sept. 4th. 'Madame,-I think I am right in address ing you as the person to whom the enclosed papers should be forwarded. I am ignorant whether you are the Miss Rivers therein spoken of, but I see that your father's name occurs more than once. I had some busi ness transactions with him many years ago, and so am acquainted with his name and address. The enclosed papers, which I pre sume belong to you or some member of your family, were given to me by a woman who died here under my care last week. I know nothing of her except that she was the wife of a bargeman and was brought to this place battered almost out of all semblance to humanity by her drunken husband. There was never any hope of saving her from the first, but she.retained :lier senses nearly the, whole time until she died.. .She told me dis tinctly that the packet was taken from the person of a drowned woman, whom I under stood her to say that she and: her husband bad fished out of the.water.. I fancy they must have had many experiences.ofthat sort from.the way she,spoke. She distinctly said the woman was dead. . .I trust I have not made any mistake, or troubled you for nothing, and have tihe hononr to remain, madame, youirs truly, .. ' GRAHAM CLINTON. ·' Miss Rivers, Milverstoie :Grange.' There'could lie no sort of: mistake. The papers referred to Vera,.and ishere were two or three letters, of the" late Sir Darcie to his .brother, amongst them.. Notably: the one in: which Ihe promised :to help. and succouir his brother's :irplian' child. She was dead then? for it was not at all likely thit she would: suffer such- important docu mrents .to go, ouit of her possesssion.. The doctor liad made one little mistake in, his narrative. ,He had told :Nellie :that the woman hiand distinctly said that' the 'girl was dead. Molly,. for, :it ,was herself, poor woman, shehad gone to the hospitaif,to die, had' said' drowned,' a term always used by her class in speaking of anyone who has been in the water... Her difference of opinion : with Bill had come to an end at last,'and he had given her that ' one knock too imany .that he was always threatening her' with when he had ttdken more drink than was good for him.. He was wofully_ penitent, as soon as the effects of the. vile rum, with which he had sodden himself had passed away. He would have given his own life to have brought back' the orie- that was ebbing, fast, and to hear again the voice that had been wont to give him back hard words enough in reply to his curses, but which was raised now only to beg all about her ' not to hurt Bill.' ' He didn't do it, leastways he didn't mean to,' was her pitiful plea; '-I aggravated him.' Woman like she would have shielded him' to the last,,. but he had been 'seen to com-. mit the crime, and they carried him off to gaol after her deposition' had been taken. The society which he graced: would hear of, him no: more for' a long time and' the Saucy 'Susan would be saucy no more under his command. .Molly was buried and. there was no one to tell whether her story was true,' but Nellie believed it at once. ' I shall go to this place,' she said to Neville, ' and see this doctor. He'may be. able to tell me more than'hie lias said inlhis letter.' ' " ' ' ' 'Nothing that Neville 'could, say could dis suade-her-from the expedition, and he was on thorns till she' came -back, and'told himn how she had seen' the. writei,- but there was nothing, more to tell.' The womanarind her husband' were both gone, and:he had no idea where they had been when theyfound the drowned woman: they' spoke of. i If the papers were Vera's'she was dead, and Nellie mourned over the 'mischance that. hbad delayed the letter.which would have 'sent her to her aid. Darling, you could not help it,' Neville. said,.,~hen she bemoanred the fact to him, ' depend upon it it was ordered for 'the best.' And Nellie came to, think it w'as after a time ,she had other things: to: occupy her and though she would have' been very glad to have.helped her cousin and taken her to her .heart, she. could not be expected to ,mourn very deeply for one she had never seen. .,:She ;put the Setters safely away, and turned her attention to the event of her life -her marriage with the man she loved so dearly anid blindly.i CHAPTER XI. PEoPLa'.were very apt to say that the real .vicar of pretty' little Springfield was Mrs. Deacon ahnd not the reverend gentleman ,whom the bishop had ordained. She was decidedly of .the order of strong-minded :women;,. aid. stirong; bodied ' too, for she could endure much more real fatigue than could her less :robust husband. !'Her::detractors declared that she ordered the'subject"of the straightforward discourses thait.were preached: from' the.: pupit 'every. .sabbath;,and pointed-the sting when the cap fitted any particular, person,. as it very often didl fdr: Mr..Deacon was noit.the man to let'any sin slip by, and' had 'an uncom fortable bhabit of saying, 'Thou art the man,' with:very;little veiling of his meaning to any one who had strayed.out.of the, straight path. He was very much: liked- for all his plain aspeakitig.,. 'Parson's. bark, hbe worse than his bite,' was the verdict. of his humble friends, and if he 'lashed Bill Snooks or Dick in chutirh 'orin Sundlay till those worthies felt-: inclined to proclaim them selves the', sinners;. under 'discussion ' by rising and' walking away, he was always ready. with.-ihelp: idd - conifort 'for their miserable, wives and- children when a blank Monday , in which there was nothing to eat came for them. - "'Thie vicdrage was"the resort ofi all the ailing arid impecunious poor of the place, rind Mrs.' Deacon, thoughli she scolded her proteges unmercifully, helped them .as well, and 'had their-best interests at heart. She was proud of her position, with an iinocent pride that hurt nobody, and she was proud of her husband, who was as hand some as he was..good, and,- as she was fond of.saying, was a man to do a" woman credit when he was dressed and smartened up. Shetoolt all the credit of his appearance- to herself, and indeed, a good deal:of it was due to'hrie,'for the good vicar.was careless in liis 'habits, :scruipulous almost to a fault on the'scire oi cleadliness, Iut not cariig much' whether- his outer clothing 'was smart or saiabby so'it was whol?d and decent. ' Mis::Dac'io-wtas 'a thoril in the flesh to dli the gjrls in the parish who were given to flutinting tL'bi'selve' in'feathers and flowers. It did not:b'coine laboureis' daughters and faf?iners' wives to be apeing their betters, and pirading :hbeiip finery copied from her and Mi s Rivers before the eyes of their rustic swains, ..Iei"-ey w*is hibick, and she marked a new bonnet onar'bright-:ioldured dressi in no time and the discovery wah sure to be followed by d'vis'itand'd a I.icture. - A few' Sindays after the public announce ihenti'sf 'Nellie's projected " marriage with Ntville'Deiiiiiere,' she was in her place at church as'usual. Autumn was well in now, and the' winter diesses and bonnets were dminbig oti; "ind:M'rs. Deacon was exercised in her: miiid asd: to: who had new ones and who would make their old ones last them another'seasbn'.' 'She had.:plerity of oppor tunity, for the lessons. were- very long, all about the doings of somie of the Old Testament heroes whose wickedriess is so puzzling to ignorant to minds when held up as an example.' Mrs. Deacon knew the lessons by heart, and looked around her with' critical eyes. 'Ah, I thought so,' she said to herself. 'There's Betsy Jones in a new bonnet, and a copy of mine, I declare. I might have known what would have come of Samuel giving that man all the money at once for those frames. Of. course that ridiculous woman must go and spend half of it directly.' Poor Betsy had done nothing of the sort. She had sinned in that she had copied Mrs. Deacon's bonnet as far as she was able, but she was a deftl milliner, and she had made it herself and for the most part out of materials she already had in the house, 