A CARNIVAL OF CURIOSITIES. Fancy Costume Football Match. St. Kilda Tradesmen Again to the Fore. It camc out all right on Thursday, after all. The St Kilda Tradesmen generally 'get there,' and the result of all their care ful and active endeavours to have an after noon ou^ and make 6omc money for tbe relief fund was a big success. The weather threatened in the morning to be a bit frac tious, but was got well under control by noon ; so that there was a well- filled grand stand, and a good crowd of solid money in the grounds. The first gun was a ride-round by a drag furnished free by Mr. Tyrrell, with a dozen or so assorted monstrosities which paraded the city as a sample and an intimation tbat the fun was to begin on tbe St. Kilda cricket ground. A little before three the dressing-rooms disgorged their content*, consisting of a wideassortment of historical, mythical, fanciful, prosaic and typical characters! AU were made up with care and the original conceptions were ingenious and amusing, notably Good old Mary Ann, tbe Negress, Widdy O'Brien, the St. Kilda Adtcrtifcr, Ally Slopcr and Tootsie ditto, Medicinc Jack, Dick Turpin, the Bung Land Boomer, the Black aad Tan Bulchcr, the Oollins-street Belle, the Wasbee-washecs and others. The disguises were capital and their own mothers would 'nt have recognised them — or wished to. Tbe two teams were as follows : — BLUES. A. W. Claphain (captain) the Luck Bringer; E. K*wler, TheMiddy; F. Usber, French Clown; A. Apps, English Clown ; T. Watts. General ; D. Johnstone. Night and Day ; V. Kelly, Jockey ; F. Sparrow, Clown ; A. E. Dickensen, Bung Boomer ; B. Taylor, 6ailor ; J. O. Prescolt, 1 I Robinson Crusoe; G. .Clapham, Man Friday; I Josh. Hants, Policeman ; R. Neck, Polish Officer; I W. Tyc, Pirate; E. Go ugh, Blue Beird; A. McKittrick, Charles IL; Hon. G, Turner, Pink Fairy ; T. G. Allen, Tbe St. Kilia Advertiser ; T. i Clark, Muleteer; W. J. Green, Bosco Blithers; 1 C. D. Worboys, Oliver Cromwell ; J. Cole, Mid- i shipman; A.Clark, Baw Recruit ; W. McAdam, 1 Highlander; W. Stafford, Nigger; A.E.Moore, Lecturer ; T. Fewster, Charles II. ; W. Daley, ' Bookmaker; E. Smith. King's Jester; H. W. j Smith, Escamillo ; G. HiUsdoo, Medicine Jack ; H. Siadeley, Widow O'Brien; B. Oyston, The 1 Last of the Mohicans ; J. Lymer, Cbinkie. BEDS. 8\. Wilson (captain) Chinamaa ; F. Smiley, Mounted Trooper; J. G. Hubbard, St. ififit Clown; W. Bmiley, Elsternwick Ghost; W. E. Nichols, Dick Turpin ; W. Johnstone, Turkish Officer; A. Med way ? Darktomi; J. Falconer, Druid ; C. Stevens, Drnid ; G. V. Linton, Ally . Sloper; E. Smith, Mrs. 61oper; B. Marriott, Stockman : T. Peacock, Herald ; G. Simpson, Highlander; J. Bourke, Cricketer; B. Leishinsn, Dromio; J. Thompson, ' Milky White; T. Pit man, Neapolitan Fisherman ; H. M. Knox, Fiji Planter! fL S tokesberry. Dromio » J. McFarlane, Modus ; F. Exoell, Policeman ; W. Churches Bunthorn ; F. Gibb, Broken-down- Toff ; J. Gil*: lispie, Negrcsi ; W. W. Wakefield, Fisherman J. Eesst Volunteer; H. Bugg, Highlander; S. Robertson. Sergt Major; — Issell, Blaek and Tan Butcher ; W. Hartley, French Soldier ; J. Damyon, Manola ; C. Hiam, Selected ; J. Walker, Richard IIL; W. Plummer, Good old Mary Ann ; J. Piesing, Claude Melnott9, Artist; p. Cooke, Collins-street Belie ; J. Burt, Bubbles. Central Umpire— P. G. McShane (Policeman); Goal Um pires— Barr (Ally Sloper) ; Hunter, (Sam Slick). Tbe procession, preceded by the Police Band, and led by Arthur Apps* composite Bed Indian clown and F. Alien as the Ad rcrti*er (the Adcertttcr always lakes the lead) showed off this dauliog and gorgeous corrobborec to the best advantage. The game which followed was a pbautos magorical kaleidoscopic prolongation of irresistible cachinnations (copyright applied for. — Ed). There was always some comical event on. When there was not a olown lumbUug (Ut aud pulling a uumtar of noted names of fiction on top of him, there would be Dick Turpin shooting a peeler, or a scrapping match between rival belles. At half-time, which was appropriately celebrated by a funeral proceesion carrying the extemporised corpse of the umpire, six ladies and six gentlemen of the Prahran Operatic Compaoy gave tbe Maypole dance from Let Cloche* dc Corner ille. It was good business. The costumes were pretty and the dancers graceful and skilfol. For further particulars see the opera next month. Tbe highest praise, too, must be given to the splendid music of tbe Police Baod, under Air. T. Kiley. After a fiercely contested game, the reds, (60 a red told us) were victorious by five to one. On the other hand, a JjIuc assures us that their side were victors by eevculcen to none. * Both statements seem to be well grounded in prevarication, and we decline to adjudicate. Anyway, the returns for the relief fund should be handsome enough to make the chief conspirator, B. J. Punshon, smile all over. Marks and Free Kicks. The Stafford -Gillcjpie family party was a prominent object So was Stafford's nose. The pink fairy was moulting, and go the I Hon. Goorge materialised into a cay foot- 1 bailer. That Polioe Baud was as good as tbey ! make 'em. I Dick Turpin was a robber bold, but he wasn't game to 6 land to Tootsie Sloper. G. Vale Linton and Ted Smith's Sloper family took first prise for all-round excel lence. What price the gin-box boggy 1 Crusoe and Man Friday were a big pair. Friday was all there with the oval. So were the reverend dmids. Fred Alien's make up in a calico suit printed from the St. Kilda Adtertitcr forms, typified the venerable ago, combined with youthful sprigbtliness of tho local organ. It was worth tbo money to sec Mr. Stokesbcny and Mrs. Henry in the Sloper equipage. A majority of the leading residents of St. Eilda were too lame to stand up or lie down yesterday. Bill - Hartley's French Grenadier was complete even to tbe waxed moustacbcs. ' Mayor Marriott played by proxy. Tbe Adcerlucr circulation was never more extended than on this occasion. Billy Piommer was the goodest old Mary Ann on record. The Dromios mostly played sitting down. Tbe peelers were St Eilda colours, red, white, and nlggah— Excell, Hants, and Med way. Constable Umpire McShane was the dead image of one of tbe local force. Sparrow the jerk — oh, dear. The Collins-street belle stqolc&d; pipe and comported herself in a manner which did great credit to his conception of her character. And we should have been perfectly happy . if Apps had only padded his legs. « Further free-kicks of a plcU-rHd character postponed, 