CHAPTER IX. A CRnKL CONSPIRACY. "There are men about the house," said Hannah, in a whisper. "Our neobora passin' by wi' their goods and chattels, to be ready for the morrow, perhaps ; somethin' unusual in Sampson's experience; that's it, and friend, eh ?" Sampson nagged his tail for a moment by way of answer, and once more stood sentinel by the door. "Itis a very dark night," said Hannah, " and I'm afraid; it may be that those cruel men are back again from their ships." "Nae, dinna fear that," said Alan, they hae gin us twenty-four hours, and it's rather to catch us in the toils o' some illegal act than to put theirsel's in the wrang they'll be scheming. I dinna fear their presence, my lassie, until to-morrow at sunset, end then, please God, we'll be cookin' our evening meal beneath the pines of Heart's Content." " Don't go out, dear,"said Hannah, clinging to his arm. The dog walked quietly to the window, then sniffed at the further door, and with a grumble followed Hannah and Alan to the old cushioned settle by the fireplace, and once more disposed himself in a picturesque attitude at Hannah's feet. "Good dog" she said, "yes, the bad men are gone, and I pray God we may hear no more of them until it is daylight, when we can Bee their faces." " Hannah, you are trembling as if you had seen a ghost." " Those men from the ships are about, I feel sure they are, and for no good." "Nae, dinna fear, I am nae inclined to think ye are reigbt. Pat Doolan, by way of bravado, said samethin' aboot turning the two wee guns upon the ships. The man Ristack is a great coward, and maybe he would think it safe to dismantle the fort until such time as the removal of Heart's Delight is accom plished." "Thank God they are no longer near our doors!" said Hannah, as Sampson seemed to be settling himself down more and more steadily to sleep. The old clock in the living room of the Great House could now be beard as if afar off striking the hour often; it was very late for Heart's Delight., The note of time was echoed by a small timepiece in the annexe which the Keiths had called their own domioile. " Time's gettin' on," said Alan; how quiet it all is." ," Yes," said Hannah, laying her bead upon bis shoulder, as they sat side by side on the settle. "It will be quieter in the Back-bay valley," said Alan, "for there ye dinna hear the sea; but the trees mek a musio o' their ain, which isna much different." "The sea ie very calm to-night," said Hannah. " Not a ripple on it," Alan replied, and to to think o' the Lord ot Hosts lettin' yonder pirate ships ride at anchor as if they were on some landlocked mere; eh, Hannah, I ken a wonderfu' place where a man-o'-war might just sleep by the shore while the sea was ragin'." " The lake vou talk of by Labrador?" "Yes." " But a terrible place Alan; the sailors see demons there, and it was taboo even in th earliest times when the natives roamed this island from end to end." "It'sa wonderfu'harbour; it'sadookmade by nature^ a sort of hideand seek for mariners. One day, when its very calm weather as the noo, we'll just sail down the ooast, and I'll Bhowyontne way; ye wonld think there was nae channel enough for a dingy, but there's a channel that would float a three-decker; a waterway as gude as the entrance to St. John's, but it's disguised—eh, ye canna guess how Bate it's disguised." They did Sampson an injustice to think he was sleeping. He had gathered that Hannah did not want the door opened. He knew that the men who had been prowling without had left the immediate locality of the house. He did not know that they had only gone down by the beach to take council onoe more by the bo&te.; Bentz and Ruddook had heard Samp son's growl; also the voice of Alan. They had hoped to find all abed, both in the Great House and the annexe. They had now to revise their plans m presence of a watchful dog, and a strong and wakeful opponent. " Jim Smith, said Ruddock, " Admiral Ristack has trusted you with the command of this thing; I am 'only a volunteer, it's nauht to do with my ship; it's Admiral Ristack's affair, and you are his representative, and therefore, mind ye on this occasion you carry the authority of the King himself." " Very well,"said Smith, "I am ready to do my duty, if lam rightly supported." " Ye needna questiou that," said one of the crew. "If we dinna think much of our leader we hae undertaken the job, and they say duty's duty at all times." "Aye, aye," said the others. "Then, continued Ruddock, "my advice and that also of this loyal man, Master Lester Bentz, is that one of you have a knife handy for the dog, and the others orowd all sail on Keith and secure him at any risk, dead or alive; alive if possible, and gagged, eh, Master Bentz." "Just so," said Bentz. " I shall try a subterfuge," said Smith. "Maya man ask what a subterfuge may be ?" said Nicol, who was a very matter- of-fact Scotchman. " Knocking at the door and begging for assistance, as if a body was in trouble; or say the fish stageB are afire, or what you wilL" "And then?" asked Ruddook. "Well, the moment he shows himself Beize him." "And the dog?" asked Bentz, who had seen Sampson's teeth more than onoe. 1 Mardyke undertakes the dog with ten inches of cold steel." " That's right," said Mardyke. " For whioh duty well performed," said Bentz, " I, as a volunteer, am willing to pay out fi ve golden guineas." " Consider that dog dead," said Mardyke. "Wellthen, we are agreed," said Smith; march, and take your orders from me." "Aye, aye, said the men. " And no one speak above a whisper." "Aye, aye," once more was the response, and in less than half-an-hour Sampson, at the moment when Alan and Hannah had resolved to retire, once more showed signs of uneasi ness, and at one bound, with a great loud bay, rushed to the door. " What is it ?" said Alan, following the dog, Hannah clinging to her husband's arm. "A man in distress?" said a voice from without; wounded, dying—help, help!" j "Don't go out,"Hannah exclaimed, as Alan unbarred the door. The dog crouohed at Alan's heels ready to spring. "Oh," groaned the voice outside, "don't leave me to die!" J Alan opened the door. As he aid so he was attacked by half-a-dozen men before he could strike & blow in self defence. At the moment Ruddock and Bentz rushed upon Hannah, fastened her apron over her head and smothered her cries. The attack was so sudden and oomplete that hardly a sound was heard beyond the first grating bark and growl of the dog as he leaped at the throat of tne very man who, unfortu nately, was best prepared for the assault. 