SCIENCE AND SPECTRES. daily news. la a recent autobiographical sketch Mr. Grant Allen describes bis first and unconscious essay in fiction. It was a narrative dealing with the difficulty felt by n man of science in ascertaining that a ghost, in his own experience, is & ghost. Tbis apologue was apparently based on Hume's famous argument about miraolo9, whereby, as Dir. Patrick Proctor Alexander observed, " he placed the supernatural in a position of some little ciiiuttiiuaauitmu i'ur, gpiUbllig.;. oy way Ot argument, that tho supcruatur xists Atid is anxiouB to make a domonBtratlow of jshp aqt to. the senses of a man of science, 'he' cannot do. so, because, according to tho hypothaijitbis is im possible. The evidence cannot conceivably be good enough to attest tho fact, therefore the ghost cannot establish his identity as a ghost, thorefore for soientifio purposos ho might as well not oxist at nil. Thus, playfully stated, the argument may he desoribed as a vicious circle, however it justifies many persons in disregarding speofcres altogether, whether tho argument might not bo so applied as to confirm a disbelief in the sensible universe at large, we shall not pause to inquiie. But it is plain that when q scientific gentleman estab lishes his doctrine by conclusions drawn from a ghost of his own invention, he is merely copying the preacher who demolishes tho Infidel. Tho old Infidel of the pulpit was a mere lay figure w ihn preacher citnse to make them, and who was never heard in hjs own defence. In the same way Mr. Allen might, if he chose (though we hope he would be more sportsmanlike) set up a mere ghost of straw, whom lie could easily demonstrate for an impostor. A well known plan for making a ghost is to out him out in thin sheet metal, paint him whito and exhibit him in the dusk. As tho observer npproaohos liim he is slowly turned round till his sharp edgo alone isopposito the obseivor,80that he vanishes. The scientific controversialist might ereot a' spectre no moro wort hy than this, and then destroy his claims to spirituality. But it would bo a much moro worthy exeroue to lay some other person's ghost, not the mere puppet or fancy ghost of Mr. Allen. By way of an example, we may select a bogie who, it is understood in, ghostly ci roles, is no mero creation of nomdntio . fancy. In a recent number of a mqtgazino was pub- lished a sketch called A western Mystery. - This is, we believe, to be tnkdiVliy the curiois, not as a " abort story," the child of imagination, but as a record of facts, or what seemed to be facts. Lot this he assumed ns an hypothesis, at least, and then lot us ask, What docs science make of it, that hypothesis being specu latively granted? That is, admitting that tho narrator is spouking the truth, to the best of her ability, how docs science, in tho porson of Mr. Grant Allen, for example, explain the situa tion ? The story is of a character very famili&r; in suoh talcs, but includes one feature of a moro than common eccentricity. The narrator is a lady who, with her hunbaiid and one domcstie, took n house in a deserted mining town on tho onstorn side of the Rocky Mountains. The front door opened straight into a sitting room, which again opened into another ; these, again, "gave" oil bedrooms. Tho kitchen was behind, and tbero was a large cellar. The agent who let the house frankly admitted that it was ohe&p; beeauso it was "haunted." Here even tlio least scieutifio munt admit that tho now occunants were en couraged to expect something odd, which they proposed to lay with a revolver. After the first night in the new house, the servant girl com- pi&ineu; toac sue nau ue&ra; a o&oy; crying where no baby should be. She thereforo departed instantly. Next, when the lady of tho house was alone she heard a terrific combat for two taking place in the cellar, and ending with a heavy thud. She did not go down into the cellar. On tho same nights the sound of footsteps was hoard ranging the houso, nud uo owner of tho foot could bo discovered. The fight in tho cellar was investigated by tho occupant, with a revol- vor, on a following oocasion, but he oould not even detect tho presence of rats. He occasion ally pursued the viewloss owner ot tho feet which echoed in tho corridors, but to 110 avail ; the sounds withdraw into empty bedrooms. The viewless baby also made itself a nuisance, as no body can stop a spectral infant from wailing in the night. Things got worse, nob hotter ; rooking chairs rocked of. their own accord, and then "a straugo thing happened." On the glass pano of a window was visible a picture j in that work of art was ropresenteda skeleton stand ing erect, the figure of a ohild kneeling to tho skeletonj and "in the corner of the pane a red colored hand," plainly indicating a "B. of B. XL," as the claimant said, a Baronet. Accord ing to the neighhorsr this remarkable study had been visible threo years CArlier. "It comes &U; of a sudden, and ye'll never got it off." And, indeod, the pioturo could not bo " got off." As largo orowds of amateurs used to assemble for tho purpose of viewing and criticising tbe Bkolcton, the pano was broken, instead of being sent to Mr. Grant Allen or Mr. Frederick Myers. Thorc is not vory much moro to tell. More peoplo heard tbe noises, the baby, tho terrifio combat for two in tbo collar, the footsteps whiob walked tlio house and all tho rest of it. No ono pretends to have seen any visible sprites, no ono nccoimtB for the noises as Mr. Feiiys did for tbe sprite which alarmed him, "'twis only our young gib cat." True, an ancient miner daclarcd that the house had been a gambling and drinking saloon, nnd that two mon had killed each other with bowlo knives, in the cellar. This, of eourao, satisfactorily accounts for the trouble in tiio collar, whero tho heroes, as in Valhalla, flsht thoir battles o'er agniu. But tbo baby, and tho skoleton, and the blood red hand are as obscure as ever. Here, then, Is the opportunity of scicnco. Granting tho phenomena, what are tho persons to think who hoard and saw tho phenomena? If they are sober, and otherwise sane, how are they to account to themselves for their experience ? This is tho question which soienco is in no hurry to tackle. But wo admit that there may be a difficulty in discovering tbe persons with the abnormal experience, Tbe official results of tbe census of 1890 re garding the different creeds in Germany are now published. Tbero are In tbo country 31,026,810 Protestants, 17,647,921 Roman and Greek Catholics, 145,540 other Christians of various sects, 567,834 Jews, 13,315 members of other confessions and persons whose creed is unknown. Of tho different Christian sects there are 6716 Moravians, 22,365 Mcnonitcs, 29,074 Baptists, 5249 adherents of tho English and Scotch Churches, 10,144 Methodists and Quakers, 27,751 Apostolicals, 5714 German Catholics, 14,347 Independents, and 20,180 of various other : sects. 