OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, New Year's Day. 1892. The Anglo-colonists who spent Christmas week in London describe the six days' black fog as a never-to-be-forgotton experience. Fog affects a great many people physically, pro- dnces headache, lassitude, and profound de pression, and Australians seem specially sensi tive in this respect. On the other hand, they do noteuffer from cold as one would expect them to. If being a shivery man yourself you say to yonng Cornstalk—"Dreadfully cold; don't you feel it? 1 expecting cordial corroboration, the chances are he replies indifferently "Not much." Like many another good man and true poor Alfred Cellier, who was latterly better known in Australia than in England, sacrificed his life to hie work. If Cellier would have resided |termanently at the antipodes he might have lived to a green old age, but this meant giving up many of his dearest ambitions. A Melbourne or Adelaide com poser could not hope to collaborate with W. S. Gilbert or Geo. R. Sims. " The Mountebanks" practically killed Mr. Cellier. His doctors ordered him abroad weeks back, but he stayed to rehearse this opera and conduct its first per formance. This was fixed for the 23rd. Some of the music, however, in the last act required altering, and Mr. Cellier being too unwell to attend the dress rehearsal the premiere was postponed till New Year's Eve. On Mon day afternoon Mr. Cellier having pat the final touches to his score came up to town from balmy Bournemouth, where he had been staying for Christmas. He was very ill in the train, bat grew a little better before reaching Waterloo, and drove from there to the house of the Australian manager, Mr. Mosgrove, with whom he had some friendly business. Whilst there the poor fellow was again attacked seriously and died almost in Musgroyee arms. Alfred Cellier, like Arthur Sullivan, began life as choir boy at the Chapel Royal, Savoy, a church full of lyrical and theatrical associa tions. From there he gravitated in 1555 to Chapel Royal, St. JamesV, where he picked up enough knowledge ofinnsie to enable him at 18 to become organist of All Saints, Blaek heatli. After 10 years' devotion to sacred music Mr. Cellier quitted the church for the stage, and became leader of the orchestra at the Princes Theatre, Manchester, then the smartest house in the provinces. About the same time his name came before the public in connection with a German Reed success, "Charity Begins at Home," for which he wrote the music Curiously enough Gilbert's first popular hit, " Ages Ago" (the" music by Fredk. Clay), was in the same bilL I remember seeing both pieces at the old Gallery of Illustration in 1870, and an excellent programme they made. One wonders, to diverge a moment, amateurs do not resurrect "Ages Ago " oftener. It is a smart little costume play for five characters, written after Gilbert's most whimsical style and with charming music Clay, indeed, never did anything better. One of the songe, "So please you, sir, 'tis I," was Ming everywhere in the early seventies. Either Cbappells or Metzlers published the music of both "Charity Begins at Home" and " Acres Ago." Mr. Cellier's first ambitious work. " The Sultan of Mocha," was a success at Manchester in 1874, and is by many even now believed to contain his best work. Two years afterwards he produced at the same theatre "Nell Gwynne." which failed, though a decade later the identical score set to a new libretto achieved one of the longest runs on record. This was of course "Dorothy," an operatic mixture composed of the score of "Nell Gwynne" and three or four ballads. One of these, "Queen of my heart," did innch to render the piece the suc cess it grew into rather than created on the pretnfrc "Doris," which followed "Dorothy," did not catch on, in fact Mr. Cellier's other palpable hits were mostly operettas, such as *The Carp'? (1S86), "The •Spectre Knight" (1S78), and "Mrs. Jarramie's Genie." The first and last of these are time honored curtain-raisers at the Savoy. In Aus tralia, where yon do not knowthem, I imagine amateurs might find the little pieces service able. Theexpenaeof postponing "The Mount ebanks 1' a second time was considerable, over 300 persons being employed in the production, but both Mr. Sedger and Mr. Gilbert agreed that to perform the piece whilst the composer lay unburied was impossible. The premiere has therefore been refixed for Monday next and the dress rehearsal for Saturday. Lady Myth's funeral was quite private. The Acting Agent-General did not receive an invitation to attend and no information on the subject has reached him from Eastbourne. Miss Blyth is believed to be with her uncle and aunt. Chief Justice Way will read with much con cern of the death of that prominent Mason, Colonel Shadwell Clerke, grand secretary of the Grand Lodge, which occurred at his resi dence, Clifton Lodge, on Christmas Day. The colonel was a brother-in-law of Mr. Beresford, formerly clerk of your Assembly, and 55 years of age only. He took a leading part in the Masonic functions in honor of Dr. Way, presiding, if I mistake not, at the last meeting. The Prince of Wales and other Royal Masons were represented at the grand secretary's fcmeral on Wednesday, which took place at Norwood Cemetery and was largely attended. Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Sinims have, as I anti cipated, booked passages in the Ballaarat, sail ing February 17. Mr. T. E. Barr-Smith and Mrs. Barr-Smith leave by the Valetta on January 21, and Mr. E. Chavallard and Mr. H. Smith will join the same vessel at Brindisi. Mr. H. E. Lutte goes out by the Orient on the 29th. Mr. Louis Greir leaves for Melbourne to day. He and his brother are the sons of the late Dr. Greir of that city. Both seem artists of exceptional merit, in fact they are the only Australians upon whore the Paris Salon bis <-yer conferred its much coveted gold medaL Since Louis Greir came to reside in England he has founded an art school at St. Ives, which is nourishing exceedingly. At present a larger number of pupils are in residence than even Newlyn can boast The sixty pictures Mr. Greir takes with him to Australia will be exhibited in Melbourne, Adelaide, and Sydney, in the order named. They comprise a capital selection of the landscapes and nightscapes, which are Louis Greir's forte, and include either the picture itself which obtained the salon medal or a replica. Possibly some of Mr. Greir's I work may be purchasable. If eg the local art galleries will surely make a point, of recog nising native-born genius by buying and hang ing tor all time gome popular specimens. Rich Australians seem ready enough to buy pictures hall-marked by a smart English name. It will be interesting to see whether the productions of a talented antipodean artist, educated np to the highest standards of the modern French school, which many consider the best in the 'world, prove equally successful in inducing your colonial Midases to, as vulgarpersons put it, "part." TheG.F.O. officials whoworked right through Christmas Kve night well into the middle of the following afternoon must have wondered whether Sir James Fergosson's "personal hope" that "the staff of the J.O. would heartily enjoy the Christmas season" was "writ sue castic" or not. They reciprocated their chiefs pood wishes, however, with respectful cor diality, and Sir James embarked on Saturday aboard a Ken- Zealand boat for Madeira, where he will stay till Parliament meets. The Daily iV7jr.-<, in a complimentary para graph concerning the brilliant viceregal ball at Adelaide in the last week of October, remarks hazily that his Excellency Js house party in cluded the Governor of Xew South Wales and Lady Jersey and the Governor of South Australia and Lady Kintore. The writer further gives a description of the "pinkish white satin dress" and magni ficent diamonds- worn by Lady Kintore, wind ing up with "The countess tras unfortunately indisposed, and was consequently unable to be present at her own ball." An eerie ghost story of a seasonably creepy and marrow-freezing character appeared in the ft'ational Observer for Christmas day. It is called " The Braxen Cross," and bore the s-ig nature of the now constantly-to-the- fore H. B. M. Watson. Lord Aberdeen has succeeded the Right Hon. W. H. Smith as vice-president of the- Royal Colonial Institute. A rumor is current at the clubs that Lord Randolph Churchill lias intimated to Lord Salisbury that his temperament unfits him for politics, and that if the Premier would find him a. vice-royalty of the first class, such as I Victoria or New South Wales, he should be obliged. Nothing has yet transpired concern- i ingLordOnslows successor. ! The retirement of Sir Robert Herbf-rt, trho has for 21 years past been the permanent ITnder-Seeretarj- at the Colonial Office, is I really a more iuvr?rtant mattcv even than the j resignation of his superior,*l/ord Knutsford, would be. Sir Robert, in addition to possess ing ripe judgment, singular tact, and charming manners, had an c\ tensive knowledge of colonial notables little short of phenomenal. Whether the "celebrity" calling upon Lord Knutsford came from Tasmania or Tiinbuetoo, Melbourne or Mashoualand, Sir Robert was sure to know all his antecedents, what he wanted from the Colonial Office, and exactly how far it was ] desirable or worth while to conciliate him. Sir Robert's loss would be simply irreparable but for the f:ict that he will be succeeded by \ an official, the Hon. 11. Meade, who has been ', Senior Assistant l Tnder-Seeretary for years, and is saturated with Sir Robert's traditions. The Times, referring to Sir H. Herbert's re- i tirement, observes:—"Sir?obert Herbert has liad a brilliant and varied career. After achieving the most distinguished academic successes at Oxford, Sir Robert Herbert, a near kinsman of the late Lord Carnarvon, entered official life, being for some- time private secre tary to Mr. Gladstone dunns hU first Chancellorship of the Exchequer. He went cut to Australia in IS-A served a? Colonial SJicrer.Try (irjin? thu crisis which led tv the separation of the northern provinces from ISew Sonth Wales, and became the firstr Prime Minister of the new colony when its separate existence under responsible govern ment was recognised. After six years' aerrioa in Queensland he returned to KngljJTiii anl j soon entered the Board of Trade as one of the assistant secretaries, but- in a year or two w&3 transferred to the Colonial Office, becoming Assistant trader-Secretary, and in tome 15 months Vnder- Secretary, a post he has held down to the present time. He had been pre ceded by three officials of great ability—Sir James Stephen, Mr. Herman Motivate, and Sir Frederick Rogers, who subsequently be came Lord Blachford. It is probably true that none of these eminent men presented "Mr. Mother Country," as the para mount head of the Colonial Office staff was styled by the colonial satirists, to the colonists in so agreeable a shape as Sir Robert Herbert. His charm of manner, his wide knowledge, and his ripe judgment were masked by a retiring disposition, but tho* who know anything of what the work of the Colonial Office is must feel that his retirement is a serious loss. Sit Robert Herbert will be succeeded by Mr. Meade, who was appointed Assistant Undersecretary in 1871, and who has a thorough acquaintance with the problem* of colonial policy. These indeed are changing from year to year, and almost from day to day The difficulties are not the came as those which had to be faced 20 years ago, but they are certainly not less numerous, and are, perhaps, even more embarrassing. Mr.J.R. Cos, M.P., has arrived back. He expresses himself warmly indebted to Dr Reynolds, of Adelaide, and Dr. Redwood, of Wellington, N.Z., for the assistance th*y attorned him on his mission. Mr. Philip Mennell furnishes to the reader? of the Iktil'i Chronicle some of his impressions and opinions of your eolonv gathered during his recent visit He waxes enthusiastic at both your political and commercial progress. Whether /twas thefog or the absenceof their own Nellie" or the innate rottenness of what truthcompela me to state is at presentaspecialls wretched specimen of its class, I don't know, but the Gaiety boys trotiia not have "Cinder- EUen" at any price on Christmas Eve, and id has not done very good business since. The house began the night in excellent spirits and welcomed each old favorite but the piece soon dragged dolefully and towards the end open expressions of dissatisfaction could be heard. This at the Gaiety and on such an occasion means much. No doabij equally foggy burlesques have been worked up into successes here before now by clever low comedians, and with Lonnen and Arthur Williams to back up Leslie, ''all"—as the melodramatic villain ob serves—"'may yet be we?." It is, however, very much of a toss-up, especially should the volatile Nellie not return soon. Moc& Bur prise was expressed on Christmas evening during the entr'actes that this piece should have satisfied Australian audiences. Poor old Toole is laid up at home with a sharpattack of bronchitis. Sir Richard Quain and Dr. A* Cooper Key are in attendance and express considerable anxiety. In any case some time must elapse before the veteran comedian can reappear, and rehearsals of "The Houseboat" are suspended. The Countess of Clancarty, who is not the sort of person to do anything in perfunctory fashion, on Sunday last presented her gratified lord with twins, both boys. Delicate references to the fair Belle's achievement have been intro dnced at the music halls. Haddon Chambers has wisely taken a hint from the critics and strengthened the final scene to the" Honorable Herbert." The piece does not seem to be "catching on" well, but ib is hoped with the new year the houses may improve. The truth is the Vaudeville is nob the popular theatre it was in the days of "Out Boys. >r HI fortune seems to pursue it. "Wood barrow Farm" wa? a capitalplay which should have run a. twelvemonth, and probably would have done so at the Garnet or Criterion, but Thome could not make it pay. In the same was "The Honorable Herbert" may fail, though for Chambers's sake well hope not. The fJanuary Contemporary wwifoinn some interesting reminiscences of Carlyle by the veteran colonist Sir Chas. Gavan Duffy. Ap parently there are to be several instalment? as this one winds up wife " to be continued." 