rp -p-i MYSTERY OF THE ABBEY. CHAPTER CXXVIL Can such things be, 2nd overcome QB like a summer cloud. Without onr special wonder. —SHAKESPEABB, Joe Beans was snugly sleeping in bis comfortable truckle bed at the rectory, where he still continued to take up hie abode. Perhaps his dreams were of Susan. Indeed, we think we may venture to assert as a fact that they were so—for only a few hours before retiring to rest, by dint of great coaxing, wheediing, and promising, he had obtained from the pretty rustic a promise that, if her dear young lady should marry Henry Ashton—that if the bride and bridegroom particularly wished it— and, above all, if Joe would promise to make her an excellent husband, the same day which united the lovers should see her Mrs. Joe Beans. We appeal to our fair readers. What could the sleeper be dreaming of, except hlfl sweetheart, after such a promise as that? Several smart raps had been made at the window of Joe's bedroom. Still he slept. None so hard to waken as the happy dreamer. A stone, thrown with more force tban the preceding ones, cracked one of the panes at last, and the fragments of broken glass came rattling down npon the floor. The honest rustic started from his sleep, and, staring round, demanded who was there. The reply was made in the form of (mother pebble falling upon the bed. Joe sprang upon his feet, and rashed to the window. " Who's there f' he repeated. "It be I, Mister Beans 1" answered the Well-known voice of Bed Ralph. Crouching nnder a tree npon the lawn, was the uncouth figure of the cow-boy, who, after the terrible apparition in the hut of the warrener, could not rest till he had imparted what he had seen to his mtie patron i " And what do you want at this hour of the night f" said Joe, in anything but an amiable tone of voice—for he naturally felt annoyed at being disturbed. " I am afraid, Ralph, yon have been drinking I" ." 'Twor water, then I" replied the boy. " Go home directly, ^ir 1" "Go home 1" repeated Ralph. " Noa— noa, Mister Beans ! dare not pass the common arter what I ha' seen to-night! Do 'ee come down," he added, in a tone of entreaty. "Indeed I bean't a'-larking! If I tell thee a lie, thee canst take it out o* me wi' a good thrashing 1" Aa there was some sense as well as earnestness in the last proposition of the speaker—and Joe knew him to be shrewd beyond his years—he at once resolved to comply with his request. He had frequently asked himself the question whether, despite the deaths of Meeran Hafaz and Will Sideler, the troubles cf Master Harry and Miss Ellen were all over yet. " Wait 1" he said; " and make no more noise, lest you alarm the rector and the servants!" " I won't, Master Beans ! But do 'ee make haste." In a few minutes Henry's friend made his appearance npon the lawn. His first intention hai been to scold the boy for what he believed some foolish alarm; but DO sooner did he perceive his pale face— which, in the moonlight, appeared both ghastly and distorted by nervous twitching about the mouth—than he cnanged his purpose; aid, placing his band kindly upon his sh ulder, inquired what was Ihe matter. " I ha' seen him! I ka' seen him 1" exclaimed Ralph, wildly. " Seen him 1 Seen who ?" demanded the bewildered Joe. " The war—ren—er!" The teeth of the lad chattered with terror at the recollection, as he endeavored to pronounce the name of the murderer. "Fancy, R«lph— fancy!" replied the young man. "The dead never return to visit us!" "Don't they, though?" exclaimed his protigS. " I thought so once, but I know better now! I tell 'ee, Mister Beans, I ha' seen un, just as he wor dressed in Cromwell House, wi' his game-bag on t' shoulder, and broad hat drawn over his bushy grey eyebrows ! I'd swear to un I" But where was this t" " In the hut in wood where he used to live! I dare say he has done many a murder there, and that be why he can't WBtf, Imagination—all imagination, Ralph 1" said Joe Beans, assuming a conviction which he WBB very far from feeling. "Even supposing now," he continued, " that the ghost of Will was condemned to revisit his old baunt as a punishment for bis crime, I don't see why the ghost of bis old clothes, shouldn't rest in peace! It was quite disgrace enough for them to be hanged with him!" There was a deeper vein of philosophy in this observation than the honeBt rustic dreamed of. " Bat he worn't hanged in 'em !" said the cow-boy. " He wor dressed in the clothes he wore at Cromwell House, when he towzled Miss Susan, and tried to kill I! I could swear to un egin by patch on shoulder, and big, swagging pockets !" "Still more unlikely," objected Joe, "that a ghost should have gone all the way from Norwich to Mortlake to dress itself in the ghost of the old clothes it had left behind! It won't do, Rilph! You must have been drinking or dreaming 1" This was said quite as much, perhaps,to test the conviction of lis lad in the truth of his strange story, as to express the speaker's own doubts upon the subject, which were considerably shaken. There is an innate credulity and love of the marvellous in moBt minds, and Joe was not exempt from the common weakness. " Did you see his face 1" he demanded, after a few moments' reflection. " Noa—noa! The soight of his old coat and hat wor enough for 11" answered Ralph, with a shudder. "I am sure it wor he! He had gotten a box on table, square, black and silver, loike 1 I ha' seen it somewhere afore, thof I can't tell where! Can 'ee, Mister Beans J" At the mention of the box, a new light broke upon the mind of honest Joe. He had seen such a box. He knew that the much-wronged widow of Sir William Mowbray had just such another, which, 6he placed nightly under her pillow ; and'that it contained the letter of the colonel to the Abbate Lucas, as well aB other papery necessary for the vindication of her honor. "Thee art a sharp lad, Ralph," he exclaimed, " after all; and possess more wit than I do." " Do I, though I" answered the boy, with a grin of satisfaction—for hitherto he had looked up to the speaker with great respect, on acconnt of his superior shrewdness. " Well, I shouldn't ha' thought it!" "This is no ghoBt, I feel convinced," continued the young man, thoughtfully. "Bean't itT " But some designing villain, who has assumed the appearance of Will Sideler in order to terrify^ those whom he might encounter In the execution of his project. He will not terrify me," added the speaker, with an air of determination. " Wait for me for a few moments, Ralph, whilst I get my pistols; we will soon unkennel the dark schemer!" "But is'ee quite sure, Mister Beans?" exclaimed the still terrified lad. " It wor awful like un!" "Convinced! I'd swear to it! It must be Colonel Mowbray, or one of his agents 1 His aim is to obtain the box, which contains the proofs of his villainies ! I see it all! " And so do I!" said Ralph, joyously; " for I recollect now where I seed it, or one just loike it! Lady in black, with pale face, that Master Harry carried out of carriage into the hall yonder, had it in her hand ! What a fool I wor ! But sin' it be no ghost," he added, with an air of satisfan'ion, "I'm for un ! I don't mind real live flesh and blood, loike ourselves, Mister Beans; I'll have a pop at un 1*' Joe returned to the rectory, and in a few minutes reappeared, well anned. The cowboy readily consented to accompany him through the wood to the hat of the warrener ; but to all his entreaties for a pistol Joe Beans turned a deaf ear. He knew , the urchin to be not only as cunning but as agile as a fox or wild cat; end he determined, in the event of danger, to let him trust to bis wit and agility; a pistol, be justly considered, would be a dangerous weapon in such hands. Cautiously gliding through the wood, more like shadows than living things—for not a word was spoken on cither side—the two adventurers at last arrived at the secluded dell in which the lonely hut of tho warrener was situated. Although the moon was ehining brightly, the broad shadows cf the stately oaks and firs which it cast athwart their path bad hitherto screened them; but on the open sward before the cottage they were compelled to use the utmost caution, lest their approach ! should bo perceived by any one lurking j within. Just as Red Ralph—who bai been marching fifst—was about to advance from the friendly shadow of the wood into the full light of the moon, his more cautious companion gave a peculiar kind of signal, imitating the cry of an owl; the boy Btopped, like a well-trained spaniel, in an instant; the same device had been agreed upon between them when they wanted to discover each other's whereabouts at the time of their adventures at Mortlake. " What does 'ee want, Mister Beans ?" whispered the boy, as soon as he crept stealthily to his side. " Not so fast, Ralph; there may be " Door be open," replied the urchin ; " and light out I" " Stay here!" said Joe, firmly; " I will venture first 1" " Noa, Mister Beans—noa—if I do I'm danged 1" answered the lad, firmly ; " thee has been kiDd to I—given I good advice— got a place with Farmer Ashton, and not lrft I to starve when I had sarved thee turn at Cromel House, as some folk wculd ha' done ! It be no use—I will go with 'ee! I bean't a bit afeard; thof I be little, I be tough—so say no more about it." "Well, then," replied his companion, patting his rough elf-looks—for he felt touched as well as pleased at Ralph's fidelity; " thee shall lai—thee shall! but remember, not a word, unless I speak 1" All right, Mister Beans!" " And if anything occurs to me," added the young man, in a voice which betrayed some slight emotion, " run as fast as you can to the rectory, alarm the servants, call up Master Harry, and tell him what you have seen !" Red Ralph began to blubber at the idea of any danger occurring to his friend and patron. " I will, Mister Beans—I will! but do gi' I a pistol I Indeed I know how to use it! I popped at sparrows and blackbirds a hundred times at Mortlake, and never misBed un—it be too bad to doubt I!" " So it is," whispered Joe, his reluctance to intrust him with the weapon quite over eome by the feeling which the urchin dis played j " there it is—but be careful!" "Eea, Mister Beans!" answered the boy, with a grin of satisfaction at the confidence reposed in him. " And remember, yon ara only to use it at the last extremity 1" " At the what ? Mister Beans. . "At the last extremity," repeated his patron; " that is, to defend your life I" " Or yours!" muttered Ralph. " I understand—I bean't Buch a fool as folk do say I look!" The <Joor of the hut, judging from the outside fastening, had been broken open ; inside it was easily secured by means of a strong oaken bar, left standing against the walls. After groping about for some time in perfect darkness—for the rude wooden flap which served as a shutter had been let down—without meeting the least interruption, or hearing any sound beyond their own footsteps, Joe Beans ventured at last to strike a light. A candle, half- burnt down, placed in an empty bottle, was upon the table ; be lit it, and the place became distinctly visible— they were alone. " There be no one here, Rilph!" observed the young man. No, Mister Beans—the bird be flown I" " Was there a bird ?" said his companion ; his former doubt, that the boy's imaginati n had deceived him, returning as he viewed n the desolate, deserted place. " Thee oanst easily tell!" answered the mortified,lad. How so 3" " Do as I used to do," continued the urchin, "at Mortlake, when I wanted to know if the birds were hatching—feel if the nest be warm 1" . Joe took the hint, and began to rake the ashes, gathered in a lump upon the hearthstone ; as he displaced them several bright sparks flew upwards, and particles of halfburnt wood began to glow and redden, exposed to the reviving influence of the atmosphere. " By Heavens, you are right!" exclaimed the young man; " the nest is warm!" " I told 'ee eo!" From this moment no further doubt remained upon his mind of the poor boy's truth. A further examination of the hut proved, had further proof been wanting, that it had lately been inhabited. Not only were remains of provisions found on tho shelf, but straw and grass had been gathered into a heap in a recess close by the chimney, to serve as a hod. This was not all. Under the straw they discovered a carpet-bag, carefully concealed; it contained linen and a suit of travelling clothes, evidently belonging to some ona holding the position of a gentleman. " What does 'ee think now, Mister Beans ?" demanded his informant, with a triumphant grin. "That you are right, Ralph. I was a fool to doubt you." " Noa—noa—not a fool—only hard of belief, loike!" ans wered the urchin. " Won't 'ee feel in pockets ?" Joe took the hint, and began carefully to examine them. They were all empty, save one; in that he discovered a card, with several memoranda written in cipher. " Hold the candle !" he exclaimed ; " I oan make nothing of this 1" Ralph brought the candle'/and although he could make nothing of the memoranda, the same upon the card was plain enough —it was that of Colonel Mowbray. The presence of the scheming unele ol Miss De Yere in such a place and under the disguise of the warrener, coupled with the circumstance of the box, were quite sufficient to convince the friend of Henry Ashton that eomething was being plotted against his happiness, or that of the unfortunate Lady Mowbray, and he determined to proceed at once to the abbey, and communicate all be had seen and heard to our hero. A chill of horror ran throngh his manly frame, as the fearful thonght suggested itself, that perhaps he was too late. " Ralph I" hs exclaimed in a tone of decision, " we are losing time here ! The villain has the start of us, and even now may be succeeding in hie infamous attempt* We must start f Where to ?" demanned the boy. " To the abbey. There the solution of this night's work will take place." "I be with 'ee, Mister Beans," said the urchin, " an' I know it be no ghost, I bean't a bit afeard un ! I should like to shoot a man," he added; " a real thief or a murderer 1 I never killed anything bigger than a cat yet! How the folk will talk about I at Mortlake !" " If he attempts to harm Master Harry or Miss Ellen," said his companion, with an air of desperation, as they left the hut together, " shoot him, Ralph—shoot him like a dog!" "I will, Mister Beans—that I willl* answered the urebin, with a grin of intense satisfaction at the permission. " I should loike to know," he added, " how a chap feels after killing a man I" Byron, if we remember rightly, ones made the same observation. It was now Joe's turn to take the lead. He was too well acquainted with every road leading to Carrow to require a guide. So rapidly did the honest fellow pursue his way, that Rpd Ralph was compelled to run and bound along the footpath like a kangaroo to keep up with him. In less than an hour they reached the wall of the park* " Shall I ring at lodge ?" demanded the boy, half out of breath with his exertions. " Do as I do!" said his kind friend, at the same time catching a branch of. one of the trees which overhuDg the wall, and swinging himself to its level. " Canst follow T' he said, looking down to his companion. " Like a cat, Mr. B?ans' Sse here !" In an instant the speaker was beside him. Occe in the limits of the park, they ran rather than walked toward? the house. A dead silence reigned around thie venerable pile—not a light was to be seen from any of the windows—all seemed buried ia repose. " See—see !" whispered the urchin, suddenly grasping the arm of Joe Beans, and pointing at the same time towards the shrubbery, which extended from the stream into which ho had pushed Parson Twinetext, close to the north wing; " we bean't alone!'' Joe looked in the direction pointed to, and distinctly saw the dark shadow of a man retreating amid the trees and bu hes, in the midst of which was an old Grothia summer- house, which, ever since he had known the place, had been carefully locked. It. had once been the favorite resort of Sir William and his lady. After supposed infidelity the baronet never entered it. " Tbauk heaven !" he muttered, " we are in time I" After beating about tho shrubbery for some time, they found the pavilion, or summer-house. The key was in the door. Joe pushed it open, and with his pistols ready for uso, sprang into the room, closely followed by Ralph; it was empty. A dim light appeared to issue from the earth. Creeping towards it, they dis« covered that a flugstone had been removed, and could feel a flight of stairs descending beneath the foundations of the building. The light was evidently carried by some one who had preceded them, for its rays became fainter and fainter as they gazed. Without an instant's hesitation or a word being spoken, both began to descend. Joe had nearly reached the bottom step when he heard -the click of his companion's pistol. The urchin was preparing for action, as he termed it. Be careful!" be whispered. " I will, Mister BsanB !" replied the boy, in the same low tone j " but this be a mortal,queer place—summat like Cromwell House I" {To be continued.) 