SOME DENTAL REMINISCENCES. I nAVB been dabbling a little in dentistry for tho past few days, and as far aB l have gone I can't say that I hanker aftor it as a means of rest and relaxation. I hnd much rather sit in a barber's chair, and hvao the barber pour ; bay rum down my neok, and ask me if I didn't want a sea foam or a scalp oradicator. As unpleasant and annoying to the sensitive bouI as that is it is a Beethoven symphony alongside of a reBt in a dentist's chair. It almost makes a man wish he hnd been born without teeth, wlion I10 comes to haviug them filled. 1 mentioned this littlo bon mob to my dentist but bo only grunted and told mo not to spit on tho carpet. There is something so discouraging to convorsntion in tlio regular course of dontistry that ono hates to have the lifo knocked out of a little pleasantry by a mercenary minded tooth doctor. A man enn think of a good many things whilo a man's fist and a sot of boring apparatus is operating inside his jaws, but ho can scarcely find words to give his thoughts expression. Then when the merry ripple of persiflage flows forth with the saliva at some inter mission of the tragedy, he hates to havo it received as cooly ns n civil service application far office. This makes the last of tho Macbeth fillings that I have had replaced. Tliero were six of thorn at first, 12 years years ago ; all pat in by tlio same master hand. Ono by ono they parted from me. Some of them willingly, yea gladly, in company with a piece of inolnsseB candy, others brokon olT abruptly in the full tide of their strength and usefulness by a stray bit of oyBter shell. I bad a girl once who loosened a largo front filling with ono of her wnrm, voluptuous, kisses that drew like a mustard-plaster or a now piece of suction liose. This last one I shook out of a teeth-chattering contest where some ono was telling ghost stories in tho dark. Henceforth Macbeth and I will be as though nothing had over passed between us. I carry no mora of his bisulphato of zino around with me, and I am glad of it. My first dental experience hnpponcd in the early part of my career, but I never think of of it without a recoil, of horror, whatever that is. The dentist, whoso tooth-jerking emporium and jaw- dislocating parlours I patronised, went by the name of Macbeth. Ho looked like a nmn who would Btoop to murder, if the man was smaller than ha or ho had bin) down. I did not patronise him from choico but from policy. Ho run a half- square advertisement in the paper on which then worked, and one morning when I complained of a toothache, tho editor sug gested that X should go to Macbeth. Mr. Macbeth kept a Binall showcase full of tooth at the bottom of tlio stairway leading to his bicusped bazaar, niul tho doctor who did business on the floor above, also had a small, but choice collection of aristocratic corns on tlio other side of tho staircase. The aflect, as wo artists say, was harmonious but stnrtling. Persons would stop ns they went by to look at tlio showcases, just as they do in front of a photographer's displny and point out Major Taylor's threc-prongcd molar or Mrs. Judge Tuley's troublesome bard corn. When I went to Mr. Macbeth, I told him that a toothache was troubling mo, and that I liad large, important looking triouspid that I would liko to add to Ilia collection. Ho said tlint lie didn't usually put any but tho teeth of nctrcsses and professional men In bis display, bat that he might make an excep tion in my case, if I would give him a ten- line local in the next week's pnper. I pro- nvsed the local, and a good position at top of the column, next reading matter, provided ho gavo my tooth tho same in his case. That was when I was young and proud. Now, I havo my tcctli pulled, not necessarily for exhibition. Then I took a scat, opened my mouth and waited, while Macbutb mado his explorations Wlion iio returned from tlio interior, ha said there was no need of pulling tho tooth at all. That it ought to bo filled. Ho also announced with Gladsomo Eurokancs, that lie had discovered fivo otlior large, under ground cavities that ought to bo immediately stopped up. In my guileless innncencoI told him to go ahead with the contract. Then he jabbed a stick of wood into my 1 mouth to hold it open, whilo ho rummaged nrounu among mo assorimcnc kOI rasps 110 kept in filo. Rejecting soma'of the less deadly instru ments, ho selected his favourite weapou and placed himself in an offensive attitude. Ilo placed his loft hand across tho bridge of my uoso to steady himself, and his luind was as cold and clammy as tlio toucli of a dear departed friond. I tried to remonstrate with him, but he hud already begun operations, nnd I could only think up things that I would say wlion I got looso. After staking out his oluim, lie began to boro for quartz. Every once in n while his gimlot would slip mid jab a holo in my jaw. Tlion ho would twist it out, brace his feet mora firmly against tho woodwork, and jab away again. So ho went on, tupping a vein hero, striking paying dirt there, and running into a blind loud some place else, till ull six of tho cavities wcro filled. Mr. Macbctli's breatli was nearly as strong his arm and came neartaking tho place of chloroform. His hands also led mo to believo that lie had lmd turkey hash for break fsBt, and had been dealt tlio neck. But I did not complain. When a man has his mouth full of small crowbars and nail punches, hois foolish to utter a word of complaint about anything. When I got a chance to get up and beat an honorable rotreat, I did so. I think that Macboth must havo takon mo for tho lato Mr. MacDuff. A ladi, who had been reading law, is in tlio most fearful and agonising _ doubts regarding tlio legality of her married con dition. Site says : " Lotteries aro illegal, and marriage is the groatost lottery in this life." It may seem strange, but it !b true, that a man, perfcotly uneducated in art, took half-a- dozen exquisito portraits in less than half-nn-. hour. We must add, howover, that he him- Vjv Bclf wns afterwards taken for tlio thoft. " It's a groat comfort to ha left alono," Baid an Irish lover, 11 oxpecially when your sweetheart is wid ye." 