iUiOADMHlM'.S K'KW ti)RK LETT Eli. | Almost eight hundred and fifty years have passed since Str<mab<iw, of the Iron hand bare ddwtv tM th& earth the wrptched natives between Bantry Bay and tho Hill of Mowth. From that day to this the descendants of these natives have been clamoring for Home Rule, and that thoy have not obtained it is not the fault of Englishmen, but Irishmen overy time. It was Irishmen that beat Irisluneh at tho Boyno and Vinegar Hill, It was Irishmen that bef friyed Iri?hmm in '93. It was Irishmen that betrayed Irishmen again in '48. • It was Irishmen who lately beat out Irishmen's brains in the City of Cork, and Irishmen right here in the City of New York, where thoy are guaranteed every liberty and every right, where they have Home Rule to their he'ait'a content—are ready to kill other. Irishmen who «?o not think exactly as they do.;; To-day it is not the question of Papist or Oranzemen, but M'Cavthy and Parnell. Parnell is dead and buried, but what of that? His ghost ntulksnbroad more poten tial 'to-day tlmii when he led his followers witli Ijli'blithfirjis in.Wioklpvv, of thundered against the Sassenach lfi fciie British House of Commons. • A meeting of Home Rulers was called here 011 Mondav night, and to understand the character of the cnll it is only necessary. t9 |8ay that the . call received the unqualified endorsement of those eminent Irish patriots ^-Eugene Kelly find Thomas Addis Emmett. ,this bifid fch<Jro js' not (in' Irishman whoso heart has bent with,a nohcr or filter .patriotic fire than Eugene Kelly's. In season and out of season; in summer's hcjit and winter's cold he has labored for the.benefit of,;his native land, and aside from his per 'sonal work, he has given more in hard cash to I the .Irish cause than any pther lrishman in the United States. : Arelityslitip Siirrigaji honored the meeting by his attendance, aha thSrfcs rf nittnbei1 ,of-other- influential Irishman whose ii;iun'3 have been foremost ih every good work'for Ireland*for the past thirty years. The high oliaraclorof the men who called the meeting iu^iil/1 Kn.,a n,.mninn<lnil the resnect of a iribi of savages; but as soon as the niGGtitlg TVhj commenced a parfy;Of <JyP!ln;V,er? expressed their intention to rule tlie meeting and de-^ olaro It' for physical force .and dynatnicq bothbs of break it upi t)r. MjGlyrin occupied a protillneiit Seat Oil the floofj directly in front pf; tho platform; and^ it was'tiio tiifie' iHiifi Arfchliislibp' Corngiin iind hin^selc had mot. for some ,yea?S. It; ^vicfotit from the start that,there were rival factions in tho hall,, who were only kept from seizing each other by the throat by the clubs, of■ the police. Captain Williams, knp^v iiijr • t!ic crowd with which ho had to deal) brought- down a platoon of piclced men. armed with long night sticks, ready for the fray which soon occurred. ' The appearance of Archbishop Oorrigan was the signal for three choera from tho well-disposed and respecMhie, pbttibn tif the audii'tibe; ttijs. was answered by a' strtrnl of ht«ricH fitlcl loiid shouts «tnd; cheers for Father M'Glynn and Paruell. Captain Williams and his blue eoats took.in the situation nt a glance, and. dashing1 into 'the turbulent crowd seized the disturbers by the back of the neck and sent; them -'spiririiiig'into the: street. For a few moments'there'was comparative quiet; when the name of Gladstone was mentioned the .Hot biokfe-out afresh, histfeB, cat calls and othei1 (lisgrficoflii ilefeiSfiMrWiofts. turned .the liall ' into a pandi-monium, Ihd mndft the decent man who had called the meeting sick at heart. At last by sheer force, clubs being1 trumps, Captain "Williams- knocked the fight; out of tho dynamiters, and a collection was taken' up' to aid the causo of Irish Home Rule—the total amount of which "was^some thing over eight thousand dollars, Eugene Kelly sehditig his cheqUoiot a thousand) the dynamiters not subscribing a single cent. It is shocking in view ,of the suffering in their native land, and of the millions that have been expended to secure her the bless ings of Home Rule, -that a parcelof ignorant, brutal ruffians cannot restrain their evil passions long enough to allow others, who will^vqrk, to subscribo^tbe meu^s.with which ,to effect her salvation;;1 God help'Trpland-if Some Rulb. isl ever accorded.lief alid.is con trolled'by tlie ruffians, who tried fo break up tho Cooper Institute meeting. It is well enough fo teach these fellows that t-he tactics that answered their practices in Publiu, Belfast and Cork, will riot answer'inTSew York, where any party that wishes to call a mcetina' to: aid . Ireland; or any other op pressed people, may do it, and do it in peace —even if we'have to hammer common, sense into the thick skulls'of the ruffians who would break up their meeting with the clubs of the police. God save Ireland. It has beena lively and an interesting week with our Methodist brethren—the New York conference meeting in this city, and the East New; York conference meeting in the City of Brooklyn. A Methodist conference is always interesting- from tho fact that it is ;made up of bright, clear-headed; sharp, aggressive men, whb.know jusfc exactly what tp siiy; and nre'not afraid to pay'it.' But thoy arc human after all, as was clearly illustrated, by the proceedings of the'New'York conference on Thursday. Some one—nobody knew just exactly who—had been" writing a series of anonymous'letters, reflecting oil' a'riuffibdr of: the members of the conference, which if substantiated Would disqualify '-th'em : 'from sitting' in ■ that ^ hctdy. ' When ! the sub ject was broached there was a roar of disap probation, and in an instant.fifty.ministers were" on their feet, all wildly uesticnlating; i and trying to be heard. Bishop Foss had presided over cltimorous crowds before, and they might just, as well have tried to rattle the rock of Gibraltar, lie ;soon restored quiet, and on inquiry as to the cause of the t<fw, it was discovered that one half'the' members were attacked in the letters and the other half were suspected of .writing them. The grievance appeared to be that several minister* had former! themselves into a.close corporation to I.'—i.il tho good places iu tho church for thuinsclvoR, while their younger brothers; who had 110 pull, were compelled to feed upoii husks; or., atJleast, this was the allegation, and one thin" seemed to be settled by coninion' consent 'atJ the start; arid that' was that th« olfwidcr," whoever fie was, was a member of the onfiTPiicb.. Of course ovcry minister prefei.: 'iiud that he wa? the man, and while eyeiir fellow felt sure of his own in nocence ho wasn't quite sure of the innocence of the (.ther fellows. At last suspicion settled down to a single member, Dr. Kin^. Ho declared himself innocent, and triumphantly vindicated himself amid thun ders of applause. One of the disturbing ele ments to agitato tho conference, which, like the ghost of Banqiio, will not go down, was the subj(ct of increased lay representation, and of granting laymen increased power in thr.t body. The older ministers are bitterly op | 03 d to granting more power to laymen than they have at present, and the same class has stood like a wall of steel against having women participate' in "ilieir*counsels. The moment you speak to any of the old minis ters about admitting women to the conference up bobs St. Paul commanding women to be silent in the churches. On Friday Doctor Chauncoy Schaffert a most excellent divine, and one of the eldest ministers in the Methodist Church; mudo one of his characteristic speeches ;ibnut laymen and women. It was sub stantially the same apeoch th\t he delivered in the conference of 1845, and which he has been delivering at every conference ever since. The intelligence, education and energy of tho church is in favor of woman's co-operation and of a larger lay representa tion. A lay delegate put it in such a way as to carry conviction of the injustice which lajv men suffered whoti he said : It seems to me a pnlpablo injustico that the vote of one man should offset the vote of 120 men ; every one of whom is as vitally interested in tho wel fare and success of tho church as he is, and to whom the church must look for its support. Grand reports of successful work came in from every quarter, tho labor among tho freed men and women of the S mtli being especially gratifying. This is to be ono of the grand harvest fields in the Methodist Church; they feel that tho sheaves are ripe and ready for tho sickle. Every now conference shows an improvement over tho one that: preceded it. In both conferoncos they wore a splendid body of Christian workers, of which any church might woll feel proud ; no doubt of its prosperity and success when guided by such able pilots. The report of tho Grand -fury this week mado the cars of our police and police officials tingle, and caused a profounder sen sation in tho office of the District Attorney than their late arraignment by Doctor Park liursfc. In fact tho report stated that they j found the statement made by Dr. Purkhurst J truo. They found that tho police took bribes I from saloons, gambling hells and houses of • prostitution to socuro thorn immunity in their nefarious pursuits, and it named the clerk of tile Police Court a? tho person 'who sent out, notice to the gamblers when their denS were to be raided; Ten thousand com plaints of violation of the excise livfr are pigeon-holed in the othco of the Districtt Attorney) and notorious violators of the lav? ■ walk the streets tlnwhipped of justice. Brutal ; prize fights take place eVery night in the week under tho protection of the police, and only last Saturday night at the Grand Army Hall in Brooklyn, two brutal toughs bettered each other to pieces in the presence of 1,500 spectators; while fifty police and their captain looked on; as the brutes lore and gorged each other like savage ttogi). Dr. Parkhurss's great sSfrnan already begins to bear fruit. On Saturday night every saloon in the city closed its doors at twelve ; the lights were all put out and for the first time in the, memory of living men it waB a difficult thing to got a glass of whisky or Seer on Sunday morning. A notice hits been sent by tho Liquor Dealers' Association tfiat ho more mouay must be paid to'the police ; and rtS it gratifying im provement in our observance of the Sabbath, I see that no sacred concerts will bo allowed •in the future, with less that two ounce gloves, and in every instance the Marquis of Q'ueehSbferry's rules inustbestrictly observed. Slugging will not tia permitted unless for a knock out. Handsprings arid jiga are for bidden, unless accompanied by sacred music, such'as 'McGinty's at the Bottom of tho Say,' 1 Little Annie Uooney,' or 'Mulligan's Wake.' With this gratifying evidence of progress, it is evident that we are getting on,- and I now begin tfl think With Brother Jasper,- Dtot de sUn do m6v6;' r March that came in like a lion went otft like the meekest of lambs,aud it really seoms as if spring had come it last. Tho streets are thronged with.people, tho stores are full, and business of nil kinds good. Several formidable strikes have made things lively with the builders, but we have got so used t<j tha Walking Delegate now, we would not tfrhat to do without him. Truly yours? BtiOADBRIM. r.;f Mauvxlxops-Melbourne.—Take English IbtiElirfess;' grip; Yankee smartness, French' capacity for'luxury and injoytnenfc, throw in ozone, air free from smoke,- sunshine, bine sky and warmth ad libitum,- 44 miles doable-, cable tramways costing £1,000,000, electric lights; rcctungular wide streets and ivide footpaths, fine Iiuilclings, make the whole trade of a colony large as Great Britain in life'ci fifiss thryiigh.ope city, as Victorian trade dues througii Mi'lbotorfio; add a dash of colonial experience and go-ithfeiidiato; lots of wool kings and money—that is the dul'.ct lo is a great one, and only fifty years old. But everythingjs, brand-new, nothing historically; ancient or fascinatirig, nothing to take off; one's hat to. or cherish' photographs of.— 'Homeward Bound After Thirty Ye-irs, ' by Edward Heeves, Meat-Refhioeratiox.—In New Zealand there tire seventeen ineat-refrigerating works now in operation, with a freezing capacity of 3,655,000 carcases per annum, while other four;works are now being built, the yearly output of which may be about 500,000 car cases. Both in' Now South Wales and in Queensland large works aio in course of erection; the capacity of which in beef and mutton', when added to the output of the existing works in Australia,may be estimated at the equivalent of over 1,500,000 carcases of mutton annually. In the River Plate the full chfwitfity of (lie four existing establish ments is understood to be about 2,5C0,000 carcases Annually. A Cunious Cajie.—A trade contet/lpotnry describes a gauie which" appears to have be come popular in Osterid. It is this. A baske t of the freshest oysters possible is brought in, and .'Ui oyster. is carefully laid on the cup side before.each.player* .'irfitf must not touch it, but sits at 6ome distance in front of the bivalve,-with the stakes at the other side of the plate. The oysters are in good case, the players 'perhaps. may yawn before them. A game played at Ostend'by a dozen gamblers lasted three Hours. The excitement of the lookers-on was intense. They gathered be hind the players, and fixed their eyes on the bivajfres: Betting grew fast and furious, though thpre w/ja rthllv no causs why money should.be staked or. ono oyster more than another. At last a poor thirsty creature j opened '.wide its shells. The moneyon the table when it did so came to seven thousand I pounds:.-' - - -- . 