CAN THE SEA GIVE, UP ITS DEAD? Told by an Bs-Datoctlvo. . dn-AirKn i. . 'the 01i0jt1.y lunrikt. la tfaat dolightfareiiburb of London, IIoinpstcDd, dwolt Bir Ghirlcs Loster, a mau not of groat wealth for tho position 'llo licld by his rank. Brill, be wan ' proud ami Kaugbty, arid,' to tboso whooffeudedhim, . item and unforgiving. ... ThebouBO in whicp. lc lived was an obMaemoncd . red briok oou, BuVroDnddd.Yvhb a high wall and flno ; bid trcev, wbloli;ehut--6ul tho chsrining piospcot of liio country wound:, u - Tiiqwiudown wcroxjuuint, being formed of littlo rqoaroo— for 8tr\0lmrled .would huva bo;n hbrriflsd. al.tho idea of modeYK&ibn; tbo dear old place. IIo had for many ycbtadivid-nlmoat tbo lifo of n bor- \- rait ; even his o«?o relations were received with .such coldness that .they bailed bo seldom. as pro prlety would permit, ..a To'tbia'quict.'ihntilon ir.had been oummoned, . and'thero .fonpd'Sir.lJiiuVleD (.-xlendcd upon a sofa bed, with a ainalr tdblo/'ptaoed by Ills side. On tbls t'&blb; fferd 'frmtrij q-.r Bible, and. a'1 bottle. 0! physio/ ' . .- ahi; j us i(Bieo, -ju: usrvi)i, Biua Mir uuancs. aiay I cfltr you lotnorcfrcshuicnt/" "N.tUanh yoqlr Obarlca ; but, if you please, wo will to biiaincoiV fl aiwayn libo to bi»vo the full paitiaclsrs otbn6r,"ft!nd I woald aak you not to keep ! ucy scoret frora ino).. 0! qouroo, what you toll mo ! -will bn In ibc.fffrictcat oonliilcnce." "(ioudl, I .will endeavor to carry out your. In ; strnorioDB. I mny'bo -well inform you that this bouBo hat bcon: ssid- to bo haunted uvor sinco tbo dayo of Qaicn'Anno. I did not bvllevo it ; but now Ho pautcd,. h!a facs bccRmc pale, had his lips quivered. Then hoVddedju n broL'on'volcc ; " Ava' / k'.-fiev; ll." I "Relievo ii> Sir »Charief exclaimed, in as toniebmonl. :It wouhVtaka n great deal to mako I mo bdlcvo any houso, was haunted." That may be. Ilowovcr," llcfcn. You must know th&t; Diyoataica were entailed, hutniy grandfather, with tho conscut of my father nnd inyenlf, cut off tho : entail. .Tho rcoroas for doln;; this wore, firslly, .heavy mortgages which had been made to pay my grandfatberjo gambling debts— for wo all preferred : i'ovut/ to dishonor," M I»ut; B;r Ohatlcs, you aro not poor f" " Not as an ordinary inao," said Sir Charier, with j pridu;."bul fo» my. position torribly 00. Well, let ! that jiattcr. paco. I c imo into tho proporty, indue coureo of time, and set about restoring tbo family fortune, 'Foolish ideal 1 showed my knowledge of tbo world by marryiagyj; lore, n ringer— baautl , Jul te an angel. Rnt no matter; oho died in giving , birlb to a.eV.ild, Oh, howl loved that ohild 1 Por haps I am to blanig for what bappohcl nfcenmrda. Herbert grew up self-willed, nnd— Heaven fwivo mo for havina to say it of ray sou !— dlssbluto re n ' degree. ( I argued with , hlm- ho lau/jhcd iu my 'ace j-I ctern—lic replied in equal trogcr. £ . turneil.him from wy doors, and lio iUd to America.. But a Tsfcgaanco mora terrible than mino overtook him; l/ioabip ctruak upon L'omo rbczo co the ooast of Australia nod o?cry eoui on board prnfahed. But limo hoals tho deepcAt 'wound of thi ; ff/otfuoi, and J forgot ond forgave Hcrb/ri. I adopted a relation n oausin ohly— who In now at college, ond on hira ii»y«n.BU Bvcr?Hiing-nye,uvon to my baort's jovc.aiid tvcIl.liAvo I been repaid by hiscffcc- 1 Well; Hie C jnricp," I said, " if that is tbo oaao, 1 ItUBt ycu arc at last happy." M 1 should bare been groRue.I tho baronet. Then nfier a pause, ho added, in on uweairuoU whisper! '.'Can the sen givo up its dead 7" . Too intenaily with which the qaeotton was pal soomvhst Usttlcdrac. IIo '.veer, with sa attciunt »t 0 soil e, V gave him lo uaasrstoml that' I was no be'ie.vcr in the eupernotural, % whi/pc"'7 himEOlf "CCrtr ,0 nnd Bald; in n ih'» b£ b»unt9- " It must hnvo fctfh.u lielucian or'n (risk, mj-'dear eir. ' I r. marked. ' Njitlitr." lio. said, carneBtly. - It was Ilia spirit. I ln.l jn-,1 nwskencd Irom a liBht. dtro. when bv tlm raocnI.glitwh.ch came through tns, window I kvi sbtdow ghde I across tho roo.». I irirfTsr Ironi nn Eileoiion ol lhc sprae, and c.-.n bnl wove with elow, r.cs, and with the Ereatcst pain, llowovbr, with tprao drfhiuHv I uisnsscl to rdso mrtcll rai my elbow In Watch tho upsctr'.. movements. It elided- to yonder escritoire— to open v/hfah you must touoh a tccrjt spring. Tbie (ho apparition cearnrd to knoAV forlt touched tho' spring, tho' secret drawer flow open, and. Iho spirit took thorefroni a Certain document, ' . p yon . were net ' t""'1®' J»»mlnft.,,Mt..aci»al. "Oh. no I.' I \- Tk! oll < Who arsyou— whnt do vow wont hero?' Tho spectra turned its faoo toward rue, mid I saw Dv ibopaio lixhtol Iho moon tl.c festuren ol my sora -bcio13;«dSb,;'mo',i,natb£n«nio"1-® vanishid in. a ". Vou found ihq document all right ?" " Yes ; but it had boon opened nml read," 11 And what wits' tho naturu ut ihn tidinimaui <% > » inquired., . My will.- The will in which' I lsavs all my nro- pcrly ,10 .ray. adopted sco-G»orBo Standee aa?c" " - "! "10 wi" romaroii to nn iron " And yon hnvo'not scan f linRhosl slooo I" : 01s! "uaVo hoard hI"' k,t"vi> 11,1,1 » "» "cm near Heard iU".r . " Yes. .Ilaye'l not told you that ray wifo waa a wi'n K.lfi 5 T,d(0 l,lny,llQ iEorp admirably. When aha died 1 nouid not beer tbo eight o£ tho in- atrnmont, and had it removed to n room where, nmonget old oablnr t» rand to forth, it bae romained , in apito of my aon a pleading that itnhoiiid bo Riven i . u WQa i'ueeionately fond oimueio; hot I could not any uno to touoh her harp, to it f,aO,T SSfrtloV'"'.'- hera P»«5.|'W» hand quiokly ovoc ilia oyru, mid cro.iiiod, Then . loaning over toward, ho eaid, In a eolomii rhntTs'.'n oft S "B®. when i heard that harp played by— by.-, ray wile " ' ' Impoaelbfo \ , You sald.ihat she died in eivin> birth to your only Eon?" l,icronrktd. ' ' That, ianorfeo|!y. trua -lJ)utnt'iUo samo .llma'l can swcar_tnat I hcatd hrr.jiifty ono of Ihoeo wild German- aha of which nho uee'd to ba «u fuii'd l"'I listened, entranced, i oonldnot-I doted not move. Tbo next morning I went to the room, not into it— / mM nemo that. I found it Icekod ond bolted as . I had left it. I examined tbp bolls, and tbo' duet was still on them, Nq ooo.oouVd.bavQ enkred that room," u ' - " Your adopted .'«on/.,Yl'r!1'Gaorgo Bt»nding-doo» At kDow onyihlng aboutlhia ?' I nuked. ' I wrote him all pbrif'ouia're, and I oipoetcdliim hero trom Oxford before you," replied Ilia baronet' I wiahod you to oeheult with l.iu,." " Confound it all I" I thought, '- Wlion will pooplo learn to keep their longuto elilll" But I said quietly io Blr Obarlos, " l am euro I ahall bo moot delighted, and " The sonorous oiang o( tho iodga brli interrupted OS. A Oar/fflCQ. oamn nil (hn flrlun Nh.1 f _ r'_ momenta a haudflomo young follow Lurat into tho room in a'mannor I thought littlo fitted fo n ciok chatnhcr. , . . ."My flsar lono/aotor,!' ho cried, hurrying up to tho bed and bendidg ovor tho ulck uiau, ".what is this I hoarf Oan it bo that Homo w/oiohuo aro try-' lug. by tbcea ineanB to rob you— to kill you-by vrorklog on your too flunsltivo xiafiiro ?' Of oourea as to. lholr being real spectres, that's. nil moon shine." , . , \- " Hash, hash, Goorgo I" eaid Sir Charted, faiotlv ; " you aro too koistorous for mo. This is the gontla. man whom I have bad fotahod from London to solvo the mystery, ond ho says that wo muit keep the matter entirely to ourselves. Yon must not la a soul In- tbo bohso kuow who or what bo is— you understand : < Mr Gcorgo Standing doolarcd ho did understand and shook mo cordially by'tho Uand.-saylng tba< he woold .bfllp.ma in every way. Theu ho Inaiitcd that bo would slcop in Sir Obnrlre'd room, and Bir Obarlca bare snotbor, wbcxo boAvould noi bo dis Inrbod, : /; I had wished, to havo mado Iho oitno prnpoval ftbou tho room, aa I wanted to alccp'thcro ; but tho bnrouct ocomca delighted at bin ndoptod aou'o con- rago, and ool had to give up my claim, I strolled into tho extcnHlYo 'Groundfl.-nnd lit my cigar bo na to craoko nnd think over the ciuie. Bet. I could mnUouolhiuR of it. Of nlrqth, t did not like' tbo intcifurence o! Mr 'Gecri/o .BtahcHpg— a handsome, opahed-tacr d gwiilomati, hiit with un steady-ayes' and -Hps, and, what' I 'dislike, -far too gushing.,'- In Uio!midsfol ihere truths' ilia ronnd of tbo dlnnctjboU struok'upon my car,- and I hucriod baok to join Mr BtoifdiDg iu tho dloiogtooin, as I had promlflodto do, . . Dinuer over, hi Mr Biaudiog'e invltstloo I joined him in tbo soiokingrotini, where wo bad. somo capital cigars nnd coffre. In oourea of conversation UUfUl uiup 111U B'JViBI »UU Uli uuuilHoyuuimu yu go abroad in coaicqqenco of somo forgeries bo had committed, 7 77 . " Str Obarlca never Jold mo That," I said, quiokly. . "No,, of oiureo ho would hot— the' honor ot tho family, and oil that kind of tbiog," said Mr Stand fog, souewhatbuslijly. " Aud now poor Bcrtio lias gone, tbo least oald about it tbo hotter 'But that waa the cbqo, ' Of courso Herbert bad to bolt,' a'- d— you kuow tbo rest— ho wdB drownod,'' " You ero euro ho was drowned?" . ''Posilivo, I do not know nil tho full p&rtioulara; hot Bit Charles bad the ofteo thoroughly investigated, and there wus not tbo slightest doubt of H. I never ounld make poor' Herbert out, 'T 'suppose hia 'crrotio and bad qualities oimo from tbo mother's side." , " i'orhapB so," I remarked, quietly. " You sleep in 8ir: Charles's room to- ntght?" ."I do," he mattered, puliibq forth a pistol. " And. it tho gbostappcare I intend firing at it." . ,-- " Ba careful, and don't shoot rashly; " 1 remarked. " If Sit Obarlca really, idid seo thia phantom, who can tell that H may not bo aomc aleep.walker?. And in that oaeo it would bo homioidc, though, perhaps, in tbo lowest degree." u Never fear me ; I know what Lata. aboutv hp. said, " i'erbaps you will havo news -by ,tho morn® iac.M. . ... -;-. ; , \- ' Pcrhaos I-ehM)."i8aid.afid..wl8bioshimftood evening,' strolled out in tho grounds. 'chapter II, ' TUB MTBTCRV'Or VlIE HARP. That night, boiog tirod from tho day's work .and tho frcrit air, 1 soon foil oelccp, to dream of all kinds of ghosts and mysterious muslo.' Suddenly I awoko, and ns I eolleotcd my tb'ougbU, tbo sounds of muslo full upon niy oars, but not tbovmue!o ivhieb I bad beard in my dreamft. ' It was lbs mualo of a harp lightly toaobod, and yot with exquisite fueling. I do oonfees that aftor all Sir Charles bad told mo, l.bcgan to feel superstitions for tbo first tlrao in my lifo; but for nil that I was not to bo dono. 8) gelling out of bed hastily, I put on my clothe#, taking care, however, net to put on my boots ; for I wished to steal about tbo houso as noisolossly as poselblo. Tbo mcclo had scared by now, ond all lbs hours seemed wrapped In silence. Taking op the tamp I gently unlocked my door, and stolo out into tho corridor. All qaiet. Indeed, after the shook my nerves bad received, all seemed to xao most unnaturally quiet, and I could rcaliro the old saying—" .is stilt as death" I v/flo abont to return to my own room when tho sharp report ol apintol emoto upon my ear. It wno followed by a faint ory, and both otuno from tho room lately occupied by Bir Charier, aud now tannntcd by his ndopted son. i -soon found that not I triune had heard tire rcpoit of tho pistol.. Tho household bad been aroused, and lights began to flit about. . "Q iloh, quick I" I oriotl. "Comohorel" » ' Wh-jt ia it, sir? What is tho matter f" de manded many of tbo servants as tboy hurried to wardu inc. " I Jon't know. Bat-follow me." . . 1 would sooner have ontcrad . tho room alooo, hat that could not be. We knocked at the door and tiried on Mr nluudtag, bat no reply oamo. Bo, . ordering ono cr two others to bolp me, ws burst in. tin door, Giorga Standing lay on the bed os palo as doatb, Indeed, when I firri saw him 1 believed bo was dead; but the servants dashed water over hi# face, and alter, a ' . little ,whilo ho xcoovorod. Io foot, I thought ho rcoovcrod somowhat sooner than was natural. - " Lot mo get out of this horrid room 1" bo ericd. " I hnvo seen it— 1 have saen it 1" " Scu what ?" doranndod tho eervante, eagerly. ' "Mr Standing," I said, sternly, "nro you a coward, that n dream could have oo friRhtcuod you 7 Thiuk how ill Blr Charles Lvstcr i?, By tho wny," I oontinued, turning to the servants, " some of you .hod better Ru snd Geo how Bir Chnrlco Is. This mad freak— nightmare, or whdtover it ia— may hove greatly .alarmed hfm. Tbo rest can .go- to bed. I willrcraain with Mr Standing." Of oouraotho servant did uot liko this, as it did not snliafy their ouriosity ; but no Mr Standing much to my tarprleoj otdered tho. pcoplo tooboy mc.tbcy did so most rcluotantly. . "When" wo were alone, and tho 'door securely locked, I turned upon Mr Standing, and eaid, quietly: , "MrStandiog, lam uot to bo humbugged. What ia tbo mcaniop, of this littlo game?'' . ' Game !"ho exalaiored, "I do not underatand vou. ' What do you menu ?" lie tried to look indignant, but I could seo thai he moved about uucoolly and there was that trembling of tho upper Up which no honest or truthfnl man over has. " I eiaiply moan this. I do not boliove a word about the ghost. I bolievo you havo dono this only eo (rlgbton Sir Charles. I do uot boliovo in gboste, aud therefore I do not. for ono momont orcdlt that Mr Herbert' Looter amusca bimsoif by morobing about tbesa rooma at tho dead of night. Bir Charles ieUI; bo bao beon very sovorc with hia son, wboao death has been a boavy blow to him. Naturally, in his weak otote, hia imagination runs wild, and he fanoico oil kinds' of things, and nothing so likoly fk.l Vi 5(1 1, nntrtd I nil all ) H nVinitlrl ritnnnnn But you aro different. From-' what I oan hear, there never wae muoh lovo betweon you and Mr Herbert. 1<>« oould only oonjuro up ouoh a vision from out oause." "Indeed! And what may that causa bof" he said, with a forced laugh and a meanicg glonoo at me. "To kill Blr.Chatloa with foor.ond remorao. Yon know tho nctvo'ua stato ho io in, ond any groat shook might bo his death. Tolto my advice, sir; go and ego tho baronet atones. Tell him it must bavoboon adrcam." " By heavens, it was not !" criod tbo young follow, quiokly; " Very well, then, if you will not go I must," I suid, quietly. " Qaly I thought you oould , have mado' 'tho story to a to -suit your purpose bettor thqn I sbaU bo able to do." He thought for & momont, and tuon hastily wrap ihg a drc8Bioggown about himoolf, (bruit his feot iuto his slippers, and, muttering something about 'bc-iti;: rriudy' to'ilo what I wished,' although ho saw no uua in It, left tbo room, ' T/waitcd until I was euro bo wopld not return, :lheh lockod tho door, 1 seized tlio. laoip,. ana turned tbo Kqhl up a llitlo way'eo that I could sco belter. Thon I bsgRn to oxamlno tbo place cnrcfully whore tho sptctro was said to havo dleep psarcd. .'.. T«io wall appeared solid onougb. . I tried It gootly w.ith.my kuuuklcn, but no flound ot hollowoees was. given lortb. Suddenly my oyoa wore arrested by o oriot ou tho polished boards, I knelt down and px amincd it carefully. It .was wet, and when Itouobed il I found th&t; il was blood. ' - Yes, blood ! i traced it on and on, drip by drip, '.until I oamo to tho rcoeaa by tho old'faaliioucd fire place. .Hire thoy ocnoed. I examined tho waloreot ciirefijlly, and nt last discovered what appeared to be a binall ourvod knob, wbioh I oorowed rouud.and found that tho oak paOot ou wbioh it was fixed yiiddcd nt onco to my touoh, and I'disoorcrcd a narrow opening, in which' was O Btalrcaso, I IUI1UU kllU CUVltl IE b>iu U|EtlllH illilltC, UUU tuon, uav inq ontcred tho paoiugo/oloBod tho dor oarofully bohlndmo. Up, up, up Z wont, for tho. otaironao was- spiral, wheti nt last I found myself opposir'o anolbor door, whioh I cximinpd okrofully, snd ooon disoovorcd o similar spring as in the door below, I was about to touch it, when low, owcot soundo of glorious ujuriaroDfl softly on tho nir— so softly thai I could scarcely boliovo it to baof this earth, - I turned tho light of the lamp down until it was only a spark, and then placed it upon tbo ntop. I turned tho seorot npring, pusbad open tbo door, whioh opened tiolsolesaly, and oropt into tbo lum borroom— for tbo sound told mo 'that was tho upnrtment said to bo baanted. ' It was a fino long room, lightod. only on ono side by low, gabled win duwu, through wbioh tho. fitful -light of tho moon now and tbori 'nlcomodassho broke through otorm ront clouds. By this light I manngod to seo that tnere were heaps of old furniture ond 'su'eh liko things about, looking most ghost liko in tbo gloom. But ono objeot fixed my attention, andlbcoamo blind to all otborn. It was a young man who woo aeatod at a harp, tho otriagi of which bo touohod piilntlvoly, whilst hlsLpalo faco waa turned with a sorrowful lock to the window. 1 knew it io ati itrelect. It was that of Herbert Lcelcr, but so gbftsUy palo that /almost' believed it waa a ghori;. 'Pco-jomly ho touohed tho' otringa rather louder, sendiog forth tho weird Bounds which had so litRitle'd tho houjchold. . - " Woll," thought Ij " anything uboro liko a ghost I rtovcr saw. But - reasou toU-i mo ghosts cannot 1 pull h'nrp itrluga j so hero g09:,,,r ' ' , ' . . . I stole gently, up behind htm, but striking some I thing with my foot! tho flouod attracted bis attsn ' Uqui . - - : ' .. V "Herboit Looter, what io tbo mcaoiog of this folly ? ' I oaid; There waa no doubt bo was thiro. flesh and bone. with a atrongth that I could- not havo -holiovod so 'frail a creature could havo possessed. Ilowovor, I aoon bad him under my control, and said : "Listen to me, sir. 1 am ycur friend, although" tbo way 1 may have lo huhnvo may.-not seem like it. Wo havo not a minute to lore ; so, if you please, you will just toll ino what the wlield off iir ureaiis, lildln'g nothing from' mo. " Kstmm'uor,' 1- say, I hm your- friend, und 1 moan it. Cdmo; epeak ,out, and do not hido a thing." .. .. Too young fellow saw that I watt rlght'/ dtid briefly told mo all. . - / ' OHAPTEU nr. DBTUIDUTtCN. - Then, nbisalesalv end oiutiuusly, wo oropt to, tho dnor .of Chaiics Lidtcr'a sleeping apartment. By tpp dim ligflt'of ft liiodernteur lamp, whiobvaa only bait turned up .and carefully oliaded, I aaw Sir Oharlqaacated in bed, propped up by pillowa. By fho bedside . atood Goorgo, b?s right band grasped in tbo long thin onca'of tho alck man, and tho left placed over hia eyes. Ho looked tbo pioturo of grief,-'. ,. . . . . . "My. son— forro'Lsholl nowoowoideryou,-Hor® oert being dead-I feal 'that bqt a few dnjB, or at bctb ,wcpkai:oan .iotorvene .between this ond my ebiu. "Ho/mo I when wd dro siri' at'rong health, hoW' hltlo do wo think ot tho rachneoa ot ' our -acrioinf ¥ ? Bui doath, in. dimming out bodily eight,; open ourh.'montal eyes 'and clears their vision. Herbert, did wrong-,' t knew ; but was I not to blctuo- tb wril?" ' r "Ob, no,' no I" sobbed the corrpwfarGeorgo j "do not cey tlmt. Yon cew/Ynotbo to blarao,"- . '' Ah, yev, I was ! But that is over— ho is dead, You saw his spirit?" did indeed. I' can swear it, . I fired at "What could lmvo brought it' hero?. Stay, Gcorgo, I havo left yoq everything ; but still J lovo my sou. Had bo returned to mo and asked for® givencsc, ho should havo had it. I havo griovod for him deeply, ana long sinco 1 havo forgiven hltn. Slay Heaven torglvo him also I" " Surely, surely," sobbed tbo young . man " £ pray for hia eool night and day. Ob, had ho not forged there bills "Ho did not forgo tboso bills— at least, I hnvo hopes that such is not tho care. Yesterday I re ceived a Tetter st&ting; that proofs of hio innoccnco would soun be forthcoming, linked, lately 1 havo hnd revernl cnnimunicattons of almost tbo liko nature. BcmtlmeJ 1 could atmost 'fancy I ra oogtifso. HnUcit'o stylo in Iho writing of theso notes," "Ah, how the oll.'ctiom work npon the imagina tion I" groanod Georgo. " No doubt soipo cobcmlng wrctob has dono this." " It may ho uo I do not knnw — 1 oannot oay," replied Sir Obarlos, as bo pseicri hia- band wearily over hit brow. "1 feel as if 1 bad been In somo horrible dream from wbiob 1 am alowly awaken® ins." "Who were tbosa fottero signed by?" asked GoorRp, softly. .-.. . VThoyaro not signed— thoy aro anonymous," replied Sir Charles. "1 havo plsced them care® fully away in that drawer. You may examine thorn." . . ' ... 1 saw George's c;o light up with.glco ns bo loft tbo.bedaod moved towards, the drawer indicated. As ho did oo, tho . light fell full on Imfdoc, and 1 mnat say 1 noveaarw aoythiuf so evil. There was n devilish 'triuinplf in tho thin lip's, and tbo long, tbla wbito hands moved nervously, na -if oogcr to grasp the papers. To mo that look bUrayod all, and 1 doicrmiacd upon a bold move. Motioning Mr Herbert to keep still, 1 moved quiokly forward, so aa to pl&ao; myself between tho young fellow and tbo drawer containing tbo letter#, . Pardon roo," 1 said, .quietly. " With your por® mieaion, / will cxamino theso Iuttora before you touoh them," Ho Bprang'baok, his face Oral palo and then livid with rage, as bo exclaimed : . " What tho dovil do you waot hero, sir ?" "Todo my daty," 1 ropllod, quietly— "honestly and fairly'; and .that is more thon 1 think you can soy, Mr- Standing," - j . . " Sir 'Oliarle#, om 1 to bo jusultcd7" olmost shrioked Mr Standing. " SirChurlca ban placed (hi-i matter in my bands, and will bo kia'd enough not to interfere," i puf in, aa 1 drew forth tho Iotlcra, aud, opcuirig tbo paoket, took ontalottor. . .- Seeing that Master Gcorgo/ waa ready to muU a spring upon tho others if 1 pu t thom on -the table, 1 thruai thorn into ray pocket, nndi advancing to tbo lamp, coolly oomuiocccd to read iho'ona-1 -had iu my hand, although 1 know tho contouts would not guide me to anything. However, 1 took great caro to watch my agltateirfriend out of tbo corner of my eye. " Good writing for a Rbost," ! muttered, load" enough for tho others to hear—" almost too gooff; but there is a mistiness about them whioh becomes aprrflonofeolitUoaubatAbqe;" . , 1 then drew a letter from tho other end of tho' packet, opened it, and read. that. " Sir Ohar!eB,"snid I, quiokly, "havo you any of thoeo forged bnidhondy?" Ho pointed to ho same drawer, and 1 soon had tho bills in my band, comparirig thom with tbo letter. " This is too hid I" cried Goorgo Standing. . " Is the honor -of the family to bo placed in (hij fellow's bands— 'a low policaman 7" f.vnor Uitituiuiuiiy JU my 114000 than in those of somo pooplo 1 know. Sir Cba'tles/ aro you prepared for a great surprise"— au agreeable ono; I hope, but oao wliioh may tax yoor etreucih to tho utmost 7,f "Goon. 1 am ill, bat 1 oin boar alU" " Some of theso Utters, wherein yoursounsks' for pardon, aro no doubt, genuino ; tho othora ore' forgcrlofl." ' . . " Forgeries I" ' 1 , . ' '/ Yes ; and tho man who forged tboso letters forged the bills" ' \ ' " Great heavens I" ! ; Georgo grew aobon white. . . . " lt'e a fnot, and 1 oan prove il, " said 1. " Your son shall prove it." : v . " My son I Ho is dead 1" oried tho buronct, n'u angry shade gatberlagon hlii f»co.', .: \ . "Bo oalro. Ho 13 not dead; You saw no glVost- you heardnq Rboat; bulyou did-.Beoyoar'aonin ilia flesh.. Now, bo calm," , " U om; oalm, , Where is ! h? 7" demanded' Sff ChorlcB,eogerly. , 1 . "Ilerer' oricd Horbort." ' ' And tho next infcmont ho wan kneeling' at his' father'n bodsido. .- v... 1- shall not-casily forgot tno-elauco-of hatred Gcorgogavo me at that moment. As eoon as tbo father and be were eMm enough N eaid; . . "We had. better wlud this littlo moUer up aa quiokly aud,quiotly ao possible. Sir - Obarlco, with your pormiaaloa 1 will tako 'a chair; Gentlemen; 1 prey yotf will be balui and.keop your tempers. Re member 7-acoufto nobody, end tho shorter your an® swora are tbo quibket will thls'painful soeno ba ovor. First' oftoll,' Mr Lester, how esrao you to be playing ghoBtiQ'your'bv/nfntbor'flhouaG?." . .. "Aftor 1 was eeoiifled of all soita of crimes, by tbo advioo of OoorQU, 1 starlcd for Ausfralla. 1 was bhlnwrcokcd; oud having heard that my father refused nis forglvencsfl, 1 mudo my way iularul. At last, all other ties being broken, 1 dotcrmiuod to return home, faco my fato, and prove my innocenc? 1 OOIUU1UUIOUICU wllu UCDIRO, WHO told me it wai madnoss ; that my father had a warrant out o»ain8t mo, and 1 oould expoofc na mercy.. Still,. 1 rofcurnod, and boiug acqualntod- with a seorct passage which led from tbo old towpr in the grouuds, 1 availed myself of it, determined to discover vyhut baleful In fluence was at work to kcep'.my father's licari bo from mo. Knowing tho ways of this old boiiee, I waa able to glido about liko a "ghost; At last I- waa' discovered by . this geutlom'an whilst playing my motber'B-barp.V ' Great heavona 1" murmured tbo baronet, olaen ing his thin hands. ' /. >« I think most ghost otorica ooUFd bo fts easily explained sa thla ono," said I, « if pdoplo wduld but sot about oloaring up tlio matter coolly. ' Go on, Mr Herbert— go on, n!r."; ' "Tho. dread of being trlod for forgery kept mo awayeoraotlmo. At het I voutarcd all. 1 witihod to obtain tho forced docamonla, prove my ihno® cenoo, nnd then, father, humbly cravu your moroy Of oourse dircotly George heard of Iho ghost, ho knew who it wm. Hoattempted my life intbo'uo called heuntod obamber. t was wounded, nnd by tho bloodmnikH,, tbla gcntloraau traced niq to tho old lumher.rooih. My story la told— aiid, father I am herd" . . . . I novcr bbuld do thopathetlo buaiacBs, and' my eyes aro uot given to'weopiug, but they were damp then, and I had ft uasty lump in my throat, -.At-ldsV.Hlr Charles released. hia bod, and, turn® ing to George Standlug. said ' , ' . . - ' . " " George Standing -.you- have heard ' ell - that hao pacBtd.i;C.ui you,U(luy itl. Nay, dp not ud'd to your many, other Crimea that of lying I . I tea tho lie in in jour brain and in your heart, but it ehokc3 otcn your thro&l.; -Ooafcea all, audi will not only |Q fat JQU ibM I au shall qq| ho puqUhct), bu. ec.-f'w «»)i ;.tu r. medttt oouiptiioiioy .on wbiefj you cun iuu uurcad, wnero your anteceocata willbt nnlnown. Tmr.k before, you.. answer— for- your ' v Ho. (bought for n raomant, and then laid, sulkily . " \VtlJ, I /ceifhrs tlirvt I dnl lay the trap folo winch both 8tr Goathii and. Herbert ; fell ' The Btaf:o was worth the tUk, nud bold as tho gamo wsa f played it.'. 01 courau 1 tried to keop Ileibeit 'away./ WiiilHt ha wns Hoinuvlifro iu Mexico, f waa natc. Fprltmb turned upon me— he camo back, -You know tbo rest." ."Abahdoued wrelsur cried Sir Cborlefl - "Ool Never lnofC enter ray presence. Go to your room, ond (here ooirimu n full cauft-SBion of your crime to paper. 'Bv in truthfulness bIirU I regulate tho ftllowancu 1 ehnli grant you. Then qait-tho hoOM - forever. All ooramUtHCflUonfl between us must sow be made tbrouph uiy lawyer. Go I" With a hujf-dcfidofc air. tho yoUDg fellow left' tho room, 1 Goohriollowcd him, dccmiog it prudoot to ' leave father and eon rtnnn. As 1 softly. dosed the -door,. 1 luitd%.bir OhArlco ofloxiog up a ferreot thaubsgiving that tho sen had glvou up itodeoff. 1 