THE SALVATION ARMY. COMMISSIONER COOMBE'S DEPAR ' TURE. ENROLMENT OF THE PERTH CORPS. Easter Monday was a marked day with the Salvationists of Perth, as it witnessed the enrolment of the first corps in the colony, and \- -it is hoped, the forerunner of many similar branches of this organization in West Aus- tralia/ Itis'-now barely more than four months since the officers detached for duty in this colony arrived here, and since then they have boen snoeessful in establishing them-1 selves in Perth, Fremantle, Guildford, York, and Northam, and though, of course, it is too soon, just yet, to conjecture what may be the future of those who have cast in their let with them, it cannot be denied that their immediate influence upon the several hun- dreds of adherents they have made, has been *- for good. Men and women in the various oentres of army work, who, a few months ago, were leading lives in which but i little that was good could been noticed, «re now to be found living in circumstances not only indicative of the change effected in their habits, but also te the well-being of the community. Humanly speaking, this eleva- tion of so many of those with whom they ' have been brought into eontaet, is due to the ceaseless exertions _of the Salvationists, and , whatever may be said of the methods they ' |ompIoy, it cannot be denied that » they have j reached a .very large number who, hitherto, 'bad not been reached by churoh effort. And T it(is/becanae Easter Monday's proceedings so strongly marked the progress which has been made in the city by the Army that it became a special day with them, a day deserving of being marked with a white stone in their oalendar. ' The success which has followed }jr [Upon their labours has determined the -^?authorities to extend their campaign into J-tether districts of the colony. Feeling like -3*-Wesley, who said the whole world was his ^SpSrisb, that the whole earth is its battle "^Ííeld/the Salvation Army is x continually en __ largirig ÜB sphere of action, everywhere, and yjobfljUent -to that principle, the Division in '""West Australia, seeing its opportunity, iis about to extend its useful work into parts as yet untried. The appeal wbioh is being made for fonds to enable them i /'to obtain additional officers to open at Albany, Bunbury, and Geraldton is being liberally responded to, and there is a strong probability that in the course of a few weeks eacb,of the places named will be supplied. , It js probable, also, that the Bystem of out- riders, whioh has been found so successful in other countries where settlement is scattered, will be introduced here in the not far distant future, as it is the desire of the Division to cause its operations to embrace the whole of the colony. And, in the mean^-J time, asi opportunities offer in the places * '- where the Army has already established "itself, newbranohes of work will be formed ''with a view to the development of the whole , ^system in a similar form to that in which it * ia known in East Australia. And judging of : the sudoess which has so far followed upon the labours of the Division, and its, appa- rently, ualimited capacity for thoroughly organized effort, there seems to be no reason why the results of their f ature work shonld not be as favourable as those of their past aotions. THE COMMISSIONER'S DEPARTURE. Greatly to his regret, Commissioner Coombes was compelled to considerably abridge his stay in Perth, owing to the «xpeoted early arrival of the R M.S. Britannia, by whioh he was booked to return to Melbourne in order to meet his other engagements. ' This circumstance prevented him from being prejent at the swearing-in of the Perth carps and presenting them with their colours, he being obliged to leave by the mail train that day. Shortly before the train left, there was a large .gathering of Salvationists at the Army Barracks, when the 'L Commissioner and his staff (Staff Captain's Moss and Hendy) took leave of their com- rades. It Was, however, resolved to acootn pany them to the railway station, and accordingly a precession of considerable length was formed, and the Commissioner .was escorted to the station. There the platform was fairly crowded by members of the army and friends-whom the Commis- sioner has made stace his arrival in Perth, and the good-byes were very warm. As the train left, be was loudly cheered, and many waved their farewells to him, and after it wai out of eight, the ¿gathering dispersed, the Army marching back to its Barracks. THE TEA-MEETING. At five o'clock one of the largest tea meetings witnessed in Perth for some time was held in the Barracks. The large wall of the building was decorated for the occasion, and the tables were spread with a-liheral repast, handsomely decorated with flowers. For quite an hour and a half the tables were -crowded with people, fresh arrivals entering by one door as those who had preceded them and had tea made their exit by. another, and so well was everything,, arranged that, not- withstanding a large number of persons had to be called for and attended to, there was not the slightest hitch in the proceedings, and all Beemed to heartily enjoy themselves. THE PRESENTATION OF COLOURS. Shortly after tea was ended, the Salvation- ists met at the vacant plot of ground near the old Herald Office, where an open air meeting was held. In this not only the Perth branch took part, bnt also Salvationists from Fremantle, Guildford, and Northam. A pro* cession was formed at its close' and marched ' through' several of the principal streets," headed by the band, and accompanied hy a large following of people. Taken al- together it was one of the biggest torchlight processions seen in the oity, and the music ' both the band and the voices of the men and women-was not one of its least attractions. Jn the Town Hall a large gathering awaited them. From the moment the doers were opened, the hall began to fill, and by the time the Salvationists entered, there was soaroely sitting room in the body of the hall, while the gallery was also fully occupied. It was one of those large mass ' meetings, which brought to mind the time when Matbew Burnett used to attraot huge crowds into the same' building, and keep them there inter- ested for a couple of hours. The decorations ¿-laced over the platform in honour of Com- missioner Coombes' visit were still there, and there was also a large scroll suspended from one end of the stage to the other, bearing the words " God bless oar Army and keep our soldierajtrne." By the time one had managed to look round, the hall was completely filled with men, women and children, most of whom joined heartily- in the "choruses and hymns with which the Salva- tionists, led by Sergeant-Major Palmer, opened the meeting. Frequently the singing would be broken by a request to " fire a volley," and immediately afterwards the scores of voices on the platform wonld unite in a loud " Amen !" Presently the Sergeant Major speaks in a low tone to his comrades, and in the bush which immediately follows, his-Voice is heard praying for a blessing upon the meeting. After he had finished «peaking, the rest of the officers entered and took their seats on the platform, and it was then seen that of the field officers present there were the following:-The-Divisional Officer, Staff Captain and Mrs. Knight, Captain Harris (Divisional Secretary), Captain Barnett and Lieutenant Piper (Perth), Captain Dickinson and Lieutenan^Elder (Fremantle), Captain Sykes and Lieutenant Rollbush (Guildford), and Captain Rien and Lieutenant Gillies (Northam). Staff . Captain Knight giveB out the hymn, "Are you washed in the blood of tho Lamb," and immediately, te ,the accompaniment of the band and the tambourines the_Salvationists and audience Bing the well-known words con amore, tbe band'accompaniment of the choruses alternat- ing with the clapping of the singers' hands in strict time to the music. After the hymn -which is given out in the old-fashioned style of a verse at a time-is finished, Cap- tains Rien and Dickinson offer up prayer, the sentences of which are frequently broken in upon by tbe kneeling men and women with cries of " Yes, Lord !" " Hallelujah !" .. Glory be to God !" " Lord answer prayer !" and other ejaculations. Then as they kaeel, all join in the singing of the hymn, " There is a fountain filled with blood," the women sing- ing alone sometimes, and at other times the male voices taking up the strain. Then the Staff-Captain prays, and already it can be seen that several of the audience are mueh affected, and are wiping their eyes. " Captain Sykes and Lieut. Rollbusb will now sing us a duet," afterwards announces the " Staff," as the Salvationists call their leader, acd the two lassies, who are conducting the work at Guildford, sing very sweetly " On the Cros3 of Calvary," everyone who knows the chorus joining in. Even those who do not know it are not long before they are able to do so, as the tune is catchy, the Staff Captain tells them the words, and invites them to " Sing the efaorus, all of you, God bless you ! " It is- needless to say that the greater part of those to whom he appeals respond favourably. After tbis, Captain Knight announces that Captain Barnett has recovered from her illness, and feels able io be amongst them again, and from that night will resume her duties in the Barracks. Tbis announcement is received with oheers and other demonstrations of satisfaction, not only by tbe Salvationists but by the audience with whom the lassie is a very-great favourite. Captain Barnett reads from Isaiahxii., but before doing BO, thanks them all for their sympathy and prayers, and expresses her own and her comrades' thankfulness that so many were willing to enlist beneath the flag of the Salvation Array, and to shew that a obange had taken place in their hearts, thsir lives, and their homes. After she finishes reading from the Scriptures, Staff-Captain Knight says he would like to thank everyone there who hacTtaken part* in the preparation and arrangement of the tea. " I thank God for the successful campaign we have had here,"-be says, " and I ask Him that it may not eüd here, but that it may only be the commence- ment of a greater, grander, and more glorious work than we have yet done. I have to apologise for the absence of Commissioner Coombes. He wished me to convey to you to night his most sincere and heartfelt thanks for the Very special and pleasant manner in which you received him. He told me also to express to you his feeling that he would never forget yonr kindness, and he hopes athis next visit to Western Australia he may find even a larger and more enthusiastic gathering to the glory of God who redeemed him. It was tho last of my thoughts that I should have to fill hia place to-night; nevertheless, I have made up my mind to take up the work and go on with it/' The staff-captain then asked them to sub- scribe towards the fund for bringing over additional officers to work ,for them, and stated that on the previous Saturday evening some .£12 10B. was given to it. He asks them now to give £5, and says he believes that in tho course of the -next two or threje weeks five or "six additional officers will arrive to begin work in new districts. In a very short time the "amount is forth- coming, after which the lassies anil lads sally forth with collection boxes to "gather up the fragments that remain," as one of the soldiers put it, and the frag- ments appear to be numerous. While they do this, the others ring " Calvary's stream is flowing. After this, the presentation of colours commences. A large flag of blue, red and yellow, bearing the words " Blood and Fire '5 in its centre is unfurled, and then the staff-captain, having announced that this is the flag of the Perth corps, the number of Which is 333, which is now the total number of corps in the Australian colonies, proceeds to explain the meaning of the colours on the flag. Captain KNIGHT : So far as we Salvation- ists are concerned, this flag is very important to us in our work. We do not only look upon it as a Dole with a piece of bnnting attached, just for the purposes of waving over us up and down the streets, or to exhibit in our Barracks. It has for us who love God and serve him a far deeper meaning. Yon will see there are three colours in the flag, the yellow, red, and blue. The red, to us, is the symbol or sign whioh alwayB keeps before us the memory of the precious blood of JesnB Christ, that is to the sign that no one need ever despair of having their sins cleansed away, because the blood of Jesus Christ was shed that the world might live, and by it alone you have life. The blue, to us, signi- fies purity. We hold it is impossible for any man or woman to love God without purity of heart and purity of life, and so far as we are concerned, we are continually try- ing to impress upon our people the need of being not only Salvationists, and out-and-out Salvationists, BO far as uniform and marches are concerned, but to be out-and-out Salva- tionists, so far as their hearts are concerned. We don't want men and women who are only willing to be Salvationists for the uniform, ; but we want them to be Salvationists deep down in their own hearts. The yellow signi- fies to us the fire of the Holy Ghost, and we maintain that without the power of the Spirit of the living God, it is impossible for j accomplish anything for the Master. .u.ud these three things ara those which shall enable our comrades to launch forth to victory and to conquer through the blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. I now call upon Captain Barnett and Lieutenant Piper to stand to their feet. (Both lassies rose instantly.) In the name of God who has bought me and redeemed me by His blood, and in the name of the General of the Salvation Army, I here present you with these colours, that you may carry them and nae them for His Glory and for the winning of men and women from the depths of sin and degradation. I oharge yen before God, Whose I am and Whom I serve, that you be true and faithful to the principles which these oolours denote, that you be true to the principles of the organisation that has placed you ia this position, and that you always, and at all times, endeavour to carry out, to the best of your ability, the rules and regu- lations of the Army in which you serve. I need not impress upon you that these colours are te be carried in the name of Jesus Christ,-that they shall be floated in the breeze in the darkest as well as in the lightest spots of this city. If there is one spot, one locolity, or one alley, that is dark or seems sinking and depressed, so far as sin is concerned, more than any other in this city, I oharge you, before God, 'that you carry this flag there that it may mean to them' the sign that there is deliverance frem sin, that there is a possi- bility of heart purity, and a purity of life, and a possibility of their having entrance into the Kingdom of God. I pray God these colours may never be trailed in the dust, and that wherever they may be found, men and women may understand ; that- beneath fáhenti march men and women who have made *U* j their minds to serve God at all costeíí Go» bless you! Carry these(colours for God/and He will bless yon for so doing. The two officers having received their colours. Captain BARNETT said : We are glad, this evening, because we are determined by the help of God to be faithful and true to Him. I ant glad that I said in, my heart, many years ago, that I was going to live for God, and be true to the Salvation Army and to its principles, and I feel so thankful to-night at receiving this flag on behalf of the Perth corps. I premise ray God, and I promise you dear people here that by His help I shall never let it be trailed in the dust. I pray God He may ever give me grace that I may be faithful to carry it into every dark spot and every den, and there proclaim that Christ has bled to save, and that His blood was shed to make us good and pare, and to keep us so. May God bless us always. Amen. Lieutenant PIPER also spoke in the same strain. Staff-Captain KNIGHT then called Mr. J. J. Glaskin, and "said-" Brother Glaskin, I hand this flag to you, and as God has saved you, and delivered you from the burden of your sins, and as you have been appointed by Captain Barnett to the duties of Celoar Sergeant, I charge you that you be faithful and steadfast in your life." Colour-Sergeant'Glaskin having received the flag, took up his station in the centre of the stage, after which the Staff again ad- dressed the' meeting. Captain KNIGHT : I am going to read to you the1 names of our /comrades'who have signed the'Articles of War, as signifying that they mean, by the grace of God, to be soldiers in the Salvation Army. Some people seem to think that we are are quite willing to take anybody and everybody and make them soldiers, put them into nnif or m, and allow them to take part in our marches straight off. I may say there was never a greater error. It is true that we desire to get as many men and women as we possibly can, and it is our duty to draw them to God, and make them into Salvationists that as they feel they have been won from the paths of sin and unrighteous- ness, they in their turn may go forth to rescue others, even as they themselves have been rescued. After people, have given God their hearts and havev commenced to live for His glory, we believe in doing our utmost to train them for God and for effi- cient service for His glory. Captain Knight then read out two of the sixteen Articles of War, the first read being the pledge required of soldiers to abstain from the use of intoxicating liquors and opium in its various forms. It further pledged him amongst other things against the use of profane or loose conversation, against lying, the reading of loose literature, and dishonesty in his dealings, and required him to do his utmost for the protection of women and girls. The other Article stated that the subscriber te them entered the Army\of his own free will. Captain KNIGHT then called out the names of the seventy who had enrolled, and as each of their names was called, the soldiers rose from their seats and stood beneath their flag, and when the group was finished, it presented an imposing appearance, represent- ing as it did seventy men and women, both old and young, banded' together to do the work of the Army in Perth. Captain KNIGHT : My comrades, you have read these articles and signed them, and I hope carefully and prayerfully you thoroughly studied them, -and - that standing here to nighVyou thoroughly understand all they mean so far as you are concerned. It is one thing to be a soldier in name, and it is another thing to be a fighting soldier, and standing here to-night before God and before these people, I tell you God wants and we want men and women who are willing to be faithfni soldiers. THèrë'are too many people in the world, to- day, who profess to be Christ's, and have no love^for dying souls, or if they had once, have since lost it, and to-day are void of that passion that will lead them forth for the salvation of their fellows. I pray that God by His Spirit may inspire your hearts with such a burning passion as will lead'you forth to do your utmost for Him who has redeemed you. I need not tell you the people of this city will look upon you and will watch -your lives-your actions, your conversation, your goings out and comings in-to see if they are in accordance with the teaching of God's own love. ' There is a saying that for a man to build high he must have a deep foundation, and though, our profession, as Salvationists, is very high, I pray our foundation may be as deep, and that we may be true, that we may be strong, that we may be bold, and that we may be labourers for Jesus. The people in your own households and workshops will watch yon, and I pray God you may never do anything that will bring discredit upon His Name ; that you will never do anything that will trail our banner in the dust, and that yon will do your best to bring men and women and children to Christ. God bless yon ! I charge you that you be faithful. I charge you that you bo true to Christ and to the principles of the Salvation Army. I am convinced that if you who stand upon this platform are only true, there is a grand future before you here. Not only shall we have had this joy of swearing in seventy men and women-'to follow Christ, but we Bhall have the joy of swearing in scores of others who shall march through the streets with you to the honour and glory of God. God bless you everyone ! Prayers was then offered np by the Staff Captain, and Captain Barnett, and addresses were deliyered by Captains Rien, Sykes, Dickinson and Harria. Mrs. Knight sang a very tuneful solo, "That is how my angel mother died," the chorus of which WAS taken up by the soldiers and audience and several hymns wero also-sung. A prayer-meeting was held immediately afterwards, Mrs. Knight opening it with a very touching ad- dress. The prayer-meeting lasted fully an hour, during which time seven persons were so wrought upon by the prayers and hymns, and the strong appeals made to them by the brothers and sisters that they went up to the penitent form, and professed their desire to lead a new life. The meeting closed with the singing of the doxology. 