THE WORLD'S FAIR. To-day the ceremonies at Chicago for the dedication of the World's Fair held in memory of Columbus's great discovery will be entered u*oon. The Exhibition itself is not to be opened until the spring of next year. Indeed it would be very undesirable in such. a. climate as that o! Ameri& to begin the astual work of international display in the autumn, and the summer of next year will offer much greater advantages for travelling than would the ^winter of this. When the City of Chicago was chosen as the locality of the great^American Exposition the outside world naturally felt a liitle puzzled to understand the reason of the selection. But now that the claims of this wonderful city have come to be fully considered it is generally recognised that there would have been great difficulty in securing a better spot for a World's Fair. Chicago now con tains about 1,300,000 inhabitants, or juBt about ten times the population of Ade laideand its suburbs. Standingas itdoesat the southern extremity of Lake Michigan, which stretches away for over 300 miles to the north, and situated as it is within twenty or thirty miles of the head waters of a tributary of the Mississippi, it pos sesses unrivalled facilities for inland com munication by water carriage. In addi tion to this it is the centre from which rac-i.ite the lines of over twenty systems of railways. Jackson Park, the site of the Exhibi tion, is on the shore of Lake Michigan, the streets and avenues of Chicago being on its western side. The newer parts of the city have been laid out in accord ance with the very sensible American idea of calling the roads which run in one direction 'streets,' and those which crosB at right angles 'avenues' or 'terraces.' In shape the World's Fair is not unlike the City of Adelaide to the east of King William-street ; and if the East Park Lands be taken as re presenting Lake Michigan and Hind marsh- square as occupying the' position of the Great Lagoon the reader will have a fair general idea as to the relative posi tions of land and water. The area of the whole is almost exactly the same as the portion of Adelaide which we have indicated, and as the greater part of this space is occupied with the buildings and the lakes, the former being largely in the ascendant, it will be understood what a huge affair the Exhibition will be when all arrange ments are complete. Standing on the lofty tower surmounting the Adminis tration Building, which is in the middle of the southern quarter of the grounds, and looking eastward to the Lake, the visitor will get a birdseye view of the whole collection of buildings, as well as of what is perhaps the finest effort of landscape gardening in modern times. In front is a huge ornamental basin of water leading out to a harbour for pleasure craft, in which will be stationed some remarkable examples of naval architecture, including facsimiles of the Spanish ships of the time of Colum bus. To the right a solid block of build ings nearly half a mile in length will be devoted to machinery and agriculture, and to the left, fronting the Lake, an enormous structure will receive the exhibits of manufactures and illustra tions of the triumphs of the liberal arts. This single edifice is fifteen times the length of the Adelaide Town Hall and proportionately broad. It is backed partly by large sections devoted to mines, electricity, and so forth, and partly by the capacious lagoon which encircles a long wooded island about half a mile in length. Still further to the north will be the courts erected by the various States of the Union and a large gallery devoted to the exhibition of works of art. The friendly rivalry of manufacturing nations will undoubtedly be stirred to its utmost activity by this great world's festival. Especially is there noticeable in the cases of the Continental European nations a disposition to make the utmost of the opportunity offered for display ing to advantage the goods of their manufacturers. Germany has made a grant of money equal to just twice the amount which England is devoting to the representation of British manufactures. Belgium will be well to the fore, and France also is bent upon taking a prominent part in the Exhibi tion. It was noticeable in the case of the Exposition at Paris in 1889 how wonderfully the success of the Belgium display stimulated the demand for the pro ducts of Belgium manufactories. The lesson has not been lost, and the evident intention of every great European manu facturing nation is on the present occasion to approach as closely as possible to the British standard. Sir H. T. Wood, the Secretary to the British Royal Commission, recently gave it as his opinion in the Nineteenth Century that England would still keep the lead in respect of the quality of her exhibits. But he also felt bound to admit that British manufacturers could not expect to distance all competitors as they did in England in 1851 and 1862. The World's Fair will be a fitting celebration not only of the discovery of America, but of the extraordinary vigour of its inhabitants. The Yankees have a bad habit of showing occasionally their least attractive side to the foreigner. But the sterling worth and grit that are distinguishing characteristics of the nation of tha Stars and Stripes must be recognised sooner or later by all who strive to understand the real foundation of the outward greatness of the country. The sense of duty and of personal responsibility is inborn in the American people, and it is this which at bottom gives rise to their wonder ful ingenuity and industry. The indomitable spirit of tho Pilgrim Fathers still rules in New England and sets the example of freedom and patriotism to the settlers out in the Far West. 'Puritanism,' says Carlyle, :'was properly the beginning of America. No body can manage to laugh at it now. It has got weapons and sinews ; it has firearms and war navies ; it has cunning in its ten fingers, strength in its right arm; it can steer ships, fell forests, remove mountains ; it is one of the strongest things under the sun at pre sent.' The rapid rise of the United States may be taken as perhaps the greatest fact of the nineteenth century, and to hosts of people the World's Fair at Chicago will come as the demonstration of this fact. To-day the marvellous development of the first 400 years will be strikingly illustrated by the ' Procession of the Centuries' that will move over the waterways of the Ex hibition grounds, illustrating the con trasts between the America of the fifteenth and the America of the nineteenth century. But after all the most striking object lessons presented to the eyes of the assembled multitudes will be Chicago itself, with its 1,300,000 inhabitants, and the mighty Fair — eclip- sing in magnificence all previous exhibi tions of the industries, arts, and sciences of the nations — which is so soon to be opened on the shores of Lake Michigan. Effective Voting in Aihkica.— The efforts of Messrs. Cridge, Stetson, and Royer, and of Mrs. Holton in San Fran cisco, to promote the recognition of the proportional principle in the election of representatives — congressional, muni cipal, and institutional— have been so far crowned with success that there is a pro bability of a fair test of the method being mide on a sufficiently large scale. At a public meeting of the members of the Mechanics' Institute in that city there were eighty-five who voted for choosing the seven trustees by the single transferable vote asacrainst thirty-five who desired the continuance of the old majority system — the scrutin de liste —in which each member may vote for all seven, and by means of which a »re majority can .elect all the trustees. As the number of members entitled to vote is over 4,000 rt. sufficiently large quota can be ob tained to test the value of the method. There has been great dissatisfaction with bhe present management, for thanks to the dominance of party, and consequently to that of personal preference and political prejudice^ in the process of |electing the governing body, it has been tainted with the vices and the weaknesses attaching to the administration of every public in stitution in America, not even excepting Mechanics' Institutes intended to pro mote literary culture and social progress. The friends of the effective-voting move ment have watched eagerly the results of the test election for poets at Port Ade laide and Semaphore, and the results of the Register's Ministerial ballot, as well as the small tests in voting which Miss Spence introduces with all her lectures, and they have derived from these hints for their own benefit. The importance of an elec tion cannot be gauged by the bare result of choosing better men in a better way for the Institute ; it reaches further. If the 4,000 members come to the conclusion that the plan of voting is simple, that the counting comes out true, and that under the new system neither the Democrats nor the Republicans can rule the roast unchecked, they may perceive that the principle can be carried into higher fields where wider issues are at stake. California sends six members to Congress ; probably as her population has greatly increased during the last decade she will send seven to the next. If the smaller experi ment proves successful the conviction may be forced upon the electors of the State that better men can be obtained where every vote counts than where in seven congressional districts minori ties are extinguished in detail. The quota would be larger, the principle would be the same. And for tho State Legislatures, where the bulk of legislation and regulation of affairs is done, the same ^principle, if carried out, offers a prospect of release from the dominance of party by providing the means for choos ing men on account of their integrity and capacity, and not by reason of their mere subservience to party. The valorous little journal, 'IIupc and Home, owned and edited by Mrs. Holton, which has taken effective voting as its watch word, is making its influence felt in the West, and the genuine Nationalist sup ports the system in the east. Ic may, however, be truthfully said that all reformers turn their eyes to South Australia and . New Zealand as the most hopeful quarters from which to expect light and leading. The San Francisco Institute election in February and the South Australian general election in March will show how far the desire for reform in the methods of voting has taken hold of the public mind, and prepared it for making trial of that plan of proportionate repre sentation which has found such earnest advocates in our own colony. The Legislative O^HCIL.-- In the Legisla tive Council on Tuesday the late Minister of Education (Hon. J. H. Gordon), on a moti?™ for adjournment, briefly referred to the change of Government, and he was followed by his successor, the Hon. W. Copley, who gave tho personnel of the new Ministry. The Hon. R. C. Baker then ventured on a little comparison of Ministries past and present, which had the effect of introducing a new element) into a debate which up to this time had been of the most cordial nature. The lata and the present Government came in for the criticism of several hon, members. Mr. Gordon, in a vigorous reply, took excep tion to some of the rcnuarke which had been made. He likened the present Ministry to a cheap Waterbury watch. The Ministry, like the watch, were only guaranteed for sis months, and required a good deal of winding up before they^would go at all. The Hon. S. Tomkinson's motion for a return showing the number of Government employes who belong to the TradeB and Labour Council in tho rail way service an4 the Government Piinting Office had the effect of rousing the Hon. A. A. Kirkpatrick. He moved an amendment, which was readily accepted, and after a contri bution from the Hon. E. Ward and the Hon. R. S. Guthrie, the motion was carried in the amended form. Tho Council rose at 3.50 until next Tuesday. ' Viceregal. —On Tuesday evening a very successful ball was given at Government House, about 250 guests, including officers of H.M.S. Tauranga, being present. The ball room and the large dining-room were tastefully decorated. Supper was served in the latter room, whilo tho ballroom was Bet apart for dancing, which began at 9 o'clock. In the opening Lancers His Excellency tho Governor danced with Lady Downer, General Downes with Lady Kintore, Captain Lang, R.N., with Mrs. Downes, Lieutenant Abdy, R.N., with Mrs. Frarapton, Mr. Goyder with Miss Blyth, Commissioner Feterswald with Mrs. Schomburgk, Lieutenant Pelly with Mrs. Walcot, Commander Walcot with Mrs. Fulford. Music was provided by Coward & Lindstrum's Band. English Mail.— The R.M.S. Orizaba passed Cape Borda at 2.50 p.m. yesterday and arrived at Largs Bay at 11.15 p.m. There was a large number of passengers for Aus tralia. It was clo3O on midnight before tha H-alth Officer (Dr. Toll) awarded the vessel pratique, and the landing of passengers and mails was proceeded with. As tho vessel had to leave for Melbourne at 4.30 ».m. it was necessary that tho pas sengers should land at once, and con sequently much inconvenience was caused. Among the passengers were Professor rucker, of the Melbourne University, who is returning after a voyage to England, and a number of Roman Datholio priests, who are on their way to Sydney. Sergeant Campbell with the de faulter Gentle, who was arrested by tho London police and remanded to Adelaide, was inboard. Mubdeb OP AN Aboriginat*— Police-In- jpector Besley, of Port Augusta, telegraphed to tho Commissioner of Police on October 18 : — ' Mr. August Helling, part owner of the [Towara Station, writes that an aboriginal, named Jimmy Mindilinna Caldecal, wa3 murdered by Thalpalinna Mullalaburea at Dowarie on October 5. Deceased was sitting sating supper when the accused threw a -pear at him, the weapon entering the front if his left side. He died the next morning. Fhe accused fled towards Cooper's Creek. Mr. Belling reported the matter to the Diamantina police.'' Amending the Liqcob Laws.— In the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Hon. Dr. Magarey gave notice that on Wednesday, October 2G, he will move for leave to introduce a Bill for an Act to amend the Licensed Victuallers Act of 1880 and the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Act of 1891. New South Wales Justices.— We notice that Mr. Albert Preiss, of Edward-street, Norwood, has been gazetted in New South Wales as a Justice of the Peace of that colony. Broken Hill Strike and the Railway Revenue. ? It has several times been men tioned that the railway revenue has suffered to the extent of about £1,000 a day since the Broken Hill strike began, and the asser tion is justified. Tho following figures show the exact receipts every week since the declara tion of the strike up to last week compared with the receipts during the corresponding weeks of last year:-July 11, 1891, £24,120, 1892 £17,223; July 18, 1891, £20,052, 1892 £14,356; July 25, 1891, £21,744, 1892 £13,733; August 1, 1891, £23,445, 1892 £13,988 ; August 8, 1891, £23,382, 1892 £13,611 ; August 15, 1891, £22.000, 1892 £13,987 ; August 22, 1391, £22,636, 1892 £14,340; August 29, 1891, £20,681, 1892 £13,208; September 5, 1891, £24,140, 1892 £15,141; September 12, 1891, £22,925, 1892 £14,434 ; September 19, 1891, £24,055, 1892 £10,979; September 20, 1891, £22,917, 1892 filC-236; October 3, 1891, £26,460. 1892£18,310; October 10, 1891, £23,580, 1S92 £17402 ; total, 1S91 £322,001, 1892 £213,014. This shows that the loss has been £109,047 during the first fourteen weeks of the strike. Against this must be reckoned something like £15,000 or £20,000 which has been saved by the reductions which have taken place in the ser vice between Broken Hill, Adelaide, and Port Pirie, and other schemes which have been resorted to to reduce the expenditure. Rain at Wadnaminga.— News has been received of heavy rain having fallen at Wadna minga, filling nearly all the dams. Even the ^ - Government dam, which was supposed to be unlikely to catch any water, is said to be full to overflowing. This should give a grea^ impetus to mining at Wadnaminga. H.M.S. Taubanga.— The warship Tauranga was open for publio inspection on Tuesday afternoon, and quite a large number of people availed themselves of the opportunity of look ing at this splendid Bpecimen of naval architeo ture. During the evening there was a display of electric t-earch lights from the vessel. The lights weio flashed upon every quarter of the Port, which was illuminated by these means for over an hour. Dbath of Mn. G. H. Catohlove.— We regret to announce the death at Eton-Btreeb Malvern, in his sixty-second year, of Mr. George Henry Catohlove, J.P. For a great many years he was on the Commission of tho Peace, and was a familiar figure on the City Police Courb Bench. The deceased gentle man came to the colony in the early days, Prior to entering the brewing trade, in which he amassed a considerable sum of money, Mr. Catchbre was a licensed viotualler at Echunga, his hotel being generally admitted to be one of the best houses outside the oity. He was a Bplendid host, and among the com mercial travellers was quite a favourite. For many years he was associated with the late Mr. Henry H. Haussen as junior partner in the firm of Haussen & Co. brewers, at Hindmarsb, a business which the firm purchased from the late Mr. Craw ford. Retiring from the Hindmarsh Brewery he renuiined out of business for several years until 1879, when, in conjunction with MesBrs. E. O. Lookyer and Vinrace Lawrance, and the lateMr. W. H. Rosman, he purchased the brew ing business of the late Mr. William BankB at Kooringa. The firm was known aa Catohlove and Co., the partnership lasting for eight years, when Messrs. Lawranoe and Rosman retired. Mr. Catchlove was interested in the business till the time of his decease, his partner being Mr. Lockyer. The deceased gentleman leaves a widow. Field Naturalists' Conversazione.— The annual conversazione of the Field Naturalists'' Section of the Royal Society was held at the South Australian Institute on Tuesday evening and was largely attended. Mr. J. G. O. Tepper presided. Dr. R. H. Per s delivered a very instructive lecture to a highly attentive audience on 'The Structure of the Skin.' The lecturer was assisted greatly by photographic pictures thrown upon a screen from slides pre pared by Mr. W. B. Poole. The visitors then amused themselves by inspecting the nume rous exhibits of flowers, shells, eggs, birds, insects, natural history, specimens and other wonders of nature shown by Messrs. O. B. Lower, J. G. O. Tepper, A. Zietz, L. Birks, C. H. Selway, jun, and E. Athby, Dr. Perks, Miss R. O. Fiveash, and Mies A. M. Benham, the latter exhibiting some artistic paintings. The following gentle men lent microscopes, which were of very decided interest to all who used them: — Messrs. D. Fleming, W. B. Poole, S. L. Moody, J. T. Fitch, jun., W. F. Seymor, A. Dale, E. J. Bradley, and J. W. Bussell, and Dr. Perks. Flowers and foliage plants were lent by Mr. Holtzc, and Mr. Tanncrt very kindly threw open his studio bo that the visitore could stroll through and view tho pictures. Altogether the conversazione was a success, albeit a little) too crowded. Light refreshments in the form of tea, coffee, and cako wore provided for tho ladies. A HISTORICAL PAINTING.— On Friday the Hon. Jenkin Coles had hung in the Industrial and Art Exhibition an oil painting which must be of great value in the annals of the South Australian turf (reports the Kapunda Herald). It is a painting by the late Mr. George Hamilton, for the late Mr. Bagot, of the first steeplechase run in South Australia, on Sep- tember 25, 1846. The race, which took place on the open country between Glen Osmond and the sea, was won by Mr. Baker's Stranger. In the painting are a number of gentlemen who have been prominent South Australians. Most conspicuous is the late Sir George Kingston, who is mounted upon a favourite horse of his, and a short distance away Sir John Morphett is to be seen enthusiastically pointing to the racers, who are taking a timber jump. The late Mr. William Townsend is also present, but has his back to the spectator. The late Mr. Formby, Mr. H. T. Morris, and other pioneer colonists are also on the canvas. The painting has been in obscurity for many years, and when it came into Mr. Cole's hands a little while ago it was in a bad condition. The hon. gentleman has had the picture cleaned, revarnished, and framed, and in its present state hopes that it will be handed down to the remotest of his posterity. The late Mr. Hamilton was one of the best animal painters in the colony, and has put some good work into this very early picture. NEW GUINEA SETTLEMENT. —The Premier of Victoria has received (says tho Argus) a des patch from Sir William MacGregor, tho Administrator of British New Guinea, giving' a report of his recont visit to the eastern end of the possession. He states that tho natives are beginning to understand and appreciate the functions of tho Government and also tho meaning of arreet and trial. It has been cus tomary to select trustworthy chiefs and empower them to arrest and detain offenders pending tho visit of a Governme it official to enquire into the offence, and, if necessary, to~ inflict a penalty. Every chief so singled out for employment is presented with a truncheon of office and a suit of clothes, consisting of a jacket and knickerbockers of dungaree. Most of .the chiefs aro very proud of bfcing thus recognised by the Government, and strive to properly carry out the duties entrusted to them. It is stated in tho despatch that the chiof of Korrmia, who is a middle-aged roan of quick intelligence, is making a gallant effort to read and write, and that tho chief of Sarva has build a wooden house for himself, with doors, chairs, and a table. Ho is a strong Churchman, and conducts Divine service when the tribe ia without a European teacher. Tho despatch, however, contains a dark side to this pictnre when it mentions that the chief of Rigo bad fallen into disgrace, having stolen a toma hawk, and been imunsonod for seven days in consequence. I stated that where formerly enmity existed among neighbouring tribes there is now peace, many of tho tribes having put themselves on a satisfactory footing with these they used to regard as their enemies. It is considered extremely unlikely that even if one or two villages bocamo hostile all would join them in an lnter-tnuai war as was tna case a few years ago. Sir William MacGregor concludes his despatch with tho following remark — ' Looking at the district all round I was deeply gratified to find in it a degree of progress towards settled peaceful habits, which proves the existence of a surprising aptitude on the part oi the tribes to fall into the line of civilization.' The Federal Council.— The laat soasian of the Federal Council having terminated on January 29, 1891, it is necessary, under section 4 of tbe Federa Council of Australasia Act, that another session sho Id be held not later than January 29 next. Mr. Shiels, who by virtue of his office of Premier of Victoria ifl Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Council, has communicated (says tho Argw of Ootober 17) with the Premiers of Queensland, Tasmania, Western Australia, and »ho Colonial Secretary of Fiji, regarding the repre sentation of those colonies at tho next session, and the business to be transacted at it. The following subjects havo boen referred to the Council by tho Legislatures of two or more colonies, and must therefore be deal* with by that body :— 1. Status of Corporations and Joint -stock Com panies in other colonies than that in which they have boen constituted. 2. The trial and punishment in one colony of offenders against tho laws of an adjoining colony. 3. The enforcement of a process of Supreme Courts of other colonic-?, to compel production of improved wills, &c;, in certain ca?03. 4. Compelling production to the Supreme Court of any colony of any document or property required for purposes of proceedings in the Supreme Court of any other colony. The following subjects have only been so far re ferred by tho Parliament of one colony, ftad are therefore not authoritatively before the Council for legislation :— The general defence of King George's Sotrai »nd Thursday Island (referred by Woatera Australia); the laws relating to letters patent and the naturalization of aliens of European descent (referred by Victoria). It is\not expected that the dis placement of thejlolder Government in South Australia /vvi prevent there-entry of that colony into thB Federal Council, as Sir John Downer, the now Premier, is known to bo favourable to the representation of South Australia at the meetings of the Council. 'An Inveterate and Uncontbollable SriBlT OF Gambling).'— Sydney Dixon, con veyancing clerk, who had pleaded guilty to embezzling £1,760 from Messrs. Braham and Firani, solicitors, was brought up for sentenoe before Judge Hamilton at the Court of General Sessions on Saturday (reports the Age of Monday). There were three prior convictions recorded against him. His.Honor, addressing the prisoner, said— You had the entire control of the conveyancing department of a weF known firm of solicitors, and you used that position to defraud them of a very large sum of money. On Juno 29 you embezzled £47 5s., aid on July 19 two sums of £lGi and £1,549. In tha spaco of three weeks you embezzled £1,71)0. If this were your first offence it might be possible to pass a very much restricted eentence upon you, but only six years ago you were convicted of three charges of forgery, for which you were sentenced to two yoars' hard labour. On the present occasion, according to the evidence taken, you embezzled for the purpose of gambling on the turf— you were cursed with an inveterate and uncontrollable spirit of gambling. Your sentence must be exemplary ; it ia idle to expect you to reform. You have committed most grievous offences, and by these and other solicitors were treated in a manner you certainly did not deserve. They gave you every opportunity to reform, and you bavo utilized them to commit addi tional frauds. The sentence of the Court is that you be imprisoned for seven years with hard labour. Methodist Kelics.— Much interest will be felt in Wesleyan Methodist circles (says the Leeds Mercury) by the announcom* nt that the Rev. Charles Kelly haa discovered some valuable manuscripts which have the original copies of the most exquisite hymns written by Charles Wesley and other members of a family largely gifted with pootio genius. Several volumes were found the other day in the Methodist bookroom, and it may be that after careful sifting some hymns may be there that have neb yob been printed. The handwriting is in the well-known, clear, neat Etyle of the poet, and lovers of Methodist relics will be delighted to have a look at Buch compositions as 'Lo! On a Narrow Neck of Land,' and 'Come, Holy Ghost, Our Hearts Inspire.' It is supposed the documents were purchased by the late Thomas Jackson from Charles Wesley, jun. This is not the first dis covery made by Mr. Kelly. Nob long ago he found the account-book, in which are recorded, with John Wesley's signatures, several payments he had made in connection with the bookroom, Wesleyan relics have been recently increased, and Methodist visi tors to London will find it worth their whik to spend a few hours at the bookroom, where there is an accumulation of treasures bearing on the eighteenth century revival. The Adelaide Mayoralty. — On Tuesday a deputation of five gentlemen waited upon Mr, James Shaw at his offices, King William Etreet, to ask him to consent to his being nominated for tho Mayoralty of the city. Mr. E. D. Davies, in presenting a requisition bearing between 000 and GOO signatures, said the citizens of Adelaide and the residents of ?Mouth Australia had much to thank Mr. Shaw for in the hearty interest he had dis played during his term of the office in improv ing the city and in advancing the welfare of the ratepayers. In making this requesb they d§§ire4 tlwv in the event of Mr- s,h.ftw being chosen he should not subject nJ^iaelf to pecuniary loss ou behalf of tha citizens iur G. H. Buttery said that as representing the workers of tho city ho hud every reason to be lieve that Mr. Shaw's occupancy of tho Mayoralty had afforded them every satisfac tion, if nob more so than h»d been felt during the term of any other Mayor. Mr. Shaw returned thanks for the expressions of confidence and respect towards him. As they were well aware, he had given about nine years of his time in the City Council as Councillor, Alderman. «'-£ Mayor, and. during that ti^hGnaddonehis best to further the interests of the city. (H»ar, hear.) At the same time he thought that after giving so many years' service he had done hiB duty sufficiently towards the citizens. Independently of that he would willingly accede to the request, but he had entered into several matters that required his stricb attention during the coming year, and this precluded his acceding to the requosb, bub he promised that if on some, future occasion the citizenB wished thab he should again occupy the position of Mayor he would gladly comply. Mr. Shaw also expressed his thanks to the members of the Citv Council who had asked him to offer himself as a candidate for the Mayoralty, bub was sorry to say that this year he must refuse. After several expressions of regret at Mr. Shaw's inability to comply with the requisition the deputation withdrew. The Wine Show. — The following awards, made by Mr. S. Good6, close the prise-list of the Wine Show :— Cider, sparkling, 12 bottles —A. E. Ross; 'very good, free from acid, but lacks the lusoious fruity flavour of English cider.' Perry, 12 bottles— A. E. Rosa; 'cloudy and lacking fruity flavour.' The wine cellars will be open for sampling by mem bers of the Agricultural Society and Judges from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Friday. Semaphore Flower Snow.— The inhabi tants of the Semaphore aro arranging a meet ing to be held in the Mayor's Parlour on Satur day next, t.i urbanize a Flower Show, and owing to the brilliant display in the many gardens about the -glace it should prove a Bucces3, especially as there are energetic workers amongst the organizers. A False Alarm of Fire.— At 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening an alarm of fire was re ceived at the City Fire Brigade Station from Whitinore ? squnre. Superintendent Booker immediately dispatched tho reel and steamer, but on arrival at Whitmore-Rquara there was no Bign of fire. Some person or persons had, however, broken tho glass and rung the alarm. £3'Faib White Hands, Bright, Clear Complexion, Soft Healthful Skin.— Peaks Soap for toilet nnd nursery, specially pre pared for the delicate skin of ladies and chil dren, and others sensitive to the weathor, winter or summer. Prevents redness, rough ness, and chapping. 8wo Habdwicke College.— The open Boholar ships, which are tenable for three and a quarter years at Hardwicke College, have this year been awarded to Ethel Birt, Hilda Butt field, Violet Field, and May Whillos. Thebabton Corporation.— The Mayor (Mr. E. C. Hemingway) stated at the meeting on Monday that as no Councillor was willing to stand he would accede to the request to act again as Mayor. Jamestown Show. — In our report of the Jamestown Show J. Marshall is credited with winning first prize for s.j. scarifier. This should be John Maxwell, of Manoora. A Faib, Beautiful Skin.— Sulpholine Soap gives the natural tint and peach-like Bloom of a perfect complexion, makes the Skin smooth, supple, healthy, comfortable 6d. Tablets. Everywhere. 92mwfo Bible Christian Church, Bowden.— The memorial-stone of the new manse, Chief-street, Brompton, will be laid by Mrs S. doombe this afternoon. Billiabds.— A billiard match between H. A. Albers (champion of South Australia) and E. T)ivine will be begun at the Globe Hotel thia evening. Plumfton. — A meeting of those interested in the proposed plumpton will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotpl this evening. Adelaide Circulating Ltbrabt. — The ballot for the election of five members to form the committee for the year 1892-3 will be taken at the Library to-day. Melanksian Missiok.— The Rev. Charles Bice ?£l deliver a lecture, illustrated by lime light views of the abovo subject, at St Michael's School, Mitcham, this evening. 'TProvkrbs Ancient and Modern.' — Rabbi Boas will deliver a lecture on the abovo subject at the N.A. Congregational Churoh this evening. 