THE MINUET. I (Tr.ANSLArxn Fi;om the Fa^xon or Olt i l»:-: ... .'-T.-c.'m-.support great misfortunes i.-.ch equanimity,' s;iid Leon Briudeiie, an old bachelor, reputed sceptical. ' When it foluier on the battle-field I stepped over corpses without emotion. The cruelties of nature or ntmen inspire horroi- aiirl indignation, but I they do not give tlint contraction ».f the heart—that shuddor which we facl at the syht °f certhin small but touching incidents. . l i :a[V!rU that, of a mother when her child 13 taken from Iier —that of .1 man. when death bereave hi.,; „f hi, mother? lnt'ir torment 15 violent; it run,.Is »»d ,uer whe ins, but- they recover from tho.e catas replies as from deep, bkeding wounds Whereas certain meetings, certain thing's, half-seen but understood, certain secret sorrows and misfortunes awaken in us a world of painful thoughts, which abruptly push ajar tho mysterious door of moral suli'er ing—sutternig which is complicated,incurable deeper because of its seeming mildness, mors painful because of its impalpability, tenaci ous in its unreality, leaving in the soul a •shade of sadness, „ drop of bitterness, a sen sation af disenchantment, which we are luii« in casting off. » Memory constantly recalls to me two or three thmg3 which others assuredly would 110 have remarked, but which penetrated "me like sharp, incurable stings. You will not perhaps understand that I yet remem . . ,iiml sutler from immv.s.sioiis so quickly conveyed. I iviHnpeik to you of but one ; it is of long ago, but as vivid as if of yesterday. T am now 50 years old ; then I was yonn" and studying to be a lawyer. Somewhat sad 1 , dreamy of temperament, imbued- with a melancholy philosophy, I had no taste for noisy bar-rooms, brawling companions or coarse women. I was an early riser, and 0110 ot my greatest pleasures was to walk alone, about 8 o clock 111 the morning, in the nursery garden of the Luxembourg. ' Oh, that garden ; It .seemed to have been orp't.ten by a previous cvnhiry, ;nid was as lovely as the soft smile of an aged woman, thick hedges, unceasingly trimmed to prim precision by the gardener's shears, separated its narrow, regular paths, and here and there were parterres of bright, blooming /lowers, borders of shrubs as exactly ranged as :i band of collegians out for a walk, lines of magnificent rosea or regiments of fruit trees A whole corner of this delightful grove v.-as inhabited by bees. Their straw houses, skil fully arranged on planks, opened to tho sua doors as large as a thimble, and all aloii" tho paths one met their buzzing, golden tenants, sole owners of the peaceful spot and its lon<* tranquil walks. I went there almost every morning and read seated on a bench. Often I would let my book fall upon my knees to dream to listen to the sounds around mo, and emoy the infinite repose of that garden of a by gone day. J Very soon I perceived that I was not its only enrly frequenter, for I often met, face to face, a strange, little old man. He wore shoes with silver buckles, a long snuff-brown coat, a lace frill instead of a cravat, a;id a remarkablegray hat, wide-brimmed and furry that made one think of the deluge. ' He was thin, very thin, angular, smiling of aspect, but with swift facial contortions" ills Keen eyes were constantly agitated by a convulsive movement of the eyelids, and ho alivays carried a superb gold-headed cane. The.old fellow astonished me at first ; then I began to grow greatly interested iu him I looked for his coding, and followed him from afar, stopping at the turnings lest he should perceive me. One morning, believing himself alone, ho began a series of singular movements. First a few light bounds, then a low bow. I^ext he cut with his frail Iggs quite a sprightly caper, and then he began to turn bnskly round and round, skipping, frisking, in such a droll way. .met smiling as if to an audience. Then ho curved his arni3, assuming graceful postures, twisting his slight puppets body, and salutingspace with innumerable "estures at once affecting aud ridiculous. Ho was dancing. I stood looking at him, so surprised at his curious actions, that I began to doubt tho man's sanity. But suddenly, he stopped ; advanced as actors do upon the stage, bowed and retreated with smiles and comedy kisses, that he throw, with his trembling hand, to two rows of trees before him, the'11 with the utmost gravity, he continued his promenade. From that day I observed him attentively, and each day he recommenced his strange perfor mance. I experienced a great desire to speak to htm, and, after having bowed, I risked say ing ; J ' We are having an exceptionally fine da}'.' He returned my salutation. Yes, sir ; the weather is quite what wa used to have.' A week later we were friends, and I knew his history. He had been dancin" masto- at the Opera, in the time of Louis XV • his beautiful cane was a present from the Count de Clerinond ; and when we spoke of da-ic ing, lie grew enthusiastic to such an extent that he talked without ceasing; One day he confided to mo. ' I married La Castris, sir. I will pro sent you to her, if you wish, but sho only comes hero later in the day. This warden you see, is our ploasure aud our life" It is ail that is left us of the past. It seems to us that we could not live if wo had it no lonccr. It is so old, so unique in its beauty, is it not ? Ihe air that I breathe hare seems as invigor ating as it was when I was young. My wife and I pass all our afternoons in this spot, but I come in the early morning also; it is so lovely then.' \/c separated, hut that same afternoon X returned to tho Luxembourg, and soon per ceived my friend ceremoniously givin" his arm to a little woman, very old and all in blnclc. With courtly formality he presented me to her. She was indeed La Castris, that famous danseusc who had wonadultation and love from king and princess, who had been courted and worshipped by ail in that "allant; century which seems to have loft in the world an odor of love. We sat down on a bench of stone. It; wag the month of May. Flowers p.u-him-d tho air, and tho bright sun shone through tho leaves, bathing us in warmth and There was no one near in'tho g a-deu From ; afar came the sound of passing vehicles. j 'Tell me, will you not,'said I to the old unm, what was the minuet ?* Ha started from his scat. ' Tho minuet sir, it was the queen of dances, and the dance of queens : but it no longer exists. Our kings are gone; the minuet has gone with fcliem. . Then he commenced, in pompous style a, long, dithyrambic eulogy, of which I under stood nothing. I wished him to describe the steps, all the movements and attitudes of the dance. He tried, but became confused in his description. Exasperated at his inability to make his meaning clear, suddenly ho turned towards his aged companion, sitting silent and grave on tho bench. ' Elise,°if yon wish, it would bo vory good of you, we will show this gentlemen what it was Will you'' " She glanced anxiously around, then rose Mm °Ufca Word Pkced berself opposite foi-et" 1 S'W a S'ght 1 shaU nevor They advanced and receded with childish affectation, smiling at one another, balancing bowing, tripping along like two old dolls set m moaon by rusty machinery, somewhat ful uorlanen COll5truoted S™ ^ill And I watched them, my heart strangely moved all my being overwhelmed with profound .Melancholy. I seemed to see an apparition-mournful, yet . ludici ous—tho oldfashioned ghost of a dead c«nti-rv T wanted to laugh, yet was ready to cry • 11 "n T°c tlR!y shW"l. They had fin ished all the figures of the dance. For sev eral seconds they remained standing f,Ceto fwe. smiling m the most cxtraoidina y way Three days later I left the capital for a provincial tour. I never S;uv Vhen I returned to Paris, two years later ho nursery garden of tho Luxembourg had been destroyed. What became of !hem without that cherished spot of other days hi V 1^5, its closeclippod hedges, and its odor of the past ? Hl-Vl/ 1 Warui.7 ,ll'r,u,Kl 0'»' modern streets ke hopeless exile., ? Or are they dead, and dancing,_ perchance, „ f;lnf.-wfic,-U minuet— ■m> com,l-. t,h,iaff. among the cypress trees of some cemetery, flitting up and down its tomb-bordered paths in themoonlight, ? I heir sou venir haunts me, besets" and tor tures me ; it is a wound which never closes .1 cannot tell why ? Undoubtedly! you find me absurd, 