DEATH oi€ARi!lAL HAMiG. PASSED AWAY PEACE FULLY. (our special messages.) London, "Wednesday, 3.10 p.m.— Car dinal Manning, who is suffering from a severe nttnek of bronchitis and congestion of the lungs, has become rapidly worse. His condition is regarded as so critical that the Sacrament of Extreme Unction tho last rite of tlio Roman Catholic Church, has been administered. London, Wednesday, 7.20 p.m. — This evening Cardinal Manning is reported to be weaker. London, Thursday, 10.25 a.m. — His Eminence Cardinal Manning, who was in his 84th year, died this morning at 8 o'clock; London, Thursday, 11.5 a.m.— Cardinal Manning passed away peacefully. , His Eminence Henry Edwanl Manning, Cardinal Priest of tho Roman Church and Archbishop of Westminster, was horn nt Totteridge, Hertfordshire, on July 15, 1808. Ho was the son of the late Mr. William Manning, M.P., merchant, of London. Ho was educated at Harrow aud Balliol College, Oxford, where lie graduated B.A. in first, class honors in 1830, and hoeamo Follow of of Mcrton College. He was for some timo one of tlio select preachers in tho University of Oxford, was appointed rector ofLaving- ton and Graffham, Sussex, 1834, and Arch, deacon of Chichester in 1840. These pre. ferments ho resigned in 1851 on join ing the Roman Catholic Church, in which lie entered the priesthood, and ill 1857 founded an ecclesiastical con gregation at Bayswater, entitled tho Oblates of St. Charles Borromeo. Tho degree of D.D. was conferred upon him at Rome, and the office of Provost of tho Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster, Pro- tonotary Apostolic, ami Domestic Prolate to tho Pope. After tlio dentil of His Eminence Cardinal Wiseman Monsignor Manning was consecrated Archbishop of Westminster, Juno 8, 1865. Pope Pius IX. created him a Cardinal Priest, March 15, 1875, tlio title assigned to him boing that of SS. Andrew aud Gregory on tlio Coelian Hill. The same Pontiff invested him with the Cardinal's Hat in a consistory held at tlio Vatican December 31, 1877. Dr. Maiming was the author of several volumes of soriiioiis auu otiier i-iicuiugicai-ivoias. . i nu late Cardinal took a leading part in all the social and philanthropic movements in Lon don, and was also an earnest supporter of tcmpcranco, being president of tlio Catholic Total Abstinence League of the Cross. The celebration of the Cardinal's episcopal jubilco took pluce-on Sunday, June 8, 1890. During 1890, a discussion took place as to tlio pre- ccmlonce of the Cardinal, while tho presenta tion of an address from the" Jowisli com munity in October was a noteworthy tribute to tho Cardinal's merits. From an excellent character sketeii writ ten by Mr. W. T. Steiul in the Review of Reviews, we take the following extracts : — why he became a catholic. How was it that the Cardinal became a Catholic ! Tho question has often been asked and variously answered. The vulgar hypothesis that his champs of faith was prompted by ambition is absurd. No one in 1851 could have foreseen that tho cx-Arch- deacon would bccomo Archbishop of West minster. Ifi3 chances ' of becoming Arch bishop of Canterbury, if lie had stayed whore lie was, were much brighter than tlio prospect of ins ever wearing a cardinal's hat. But the best authority on tho question is really tho Cardinal himself. In tlio little monograph by "John Oldcastlo," lie sets forth briefly what seemed to him the domi nating influences in that momontous change. Ho says ; — ... I have never thought it necessary to publish tho reasons for my submission to tlio Church of God. I felt that those who knew me knew my reasons, for they had followed my words and acta ; and that they who did not know me would not euro to know. Still iio was prevailed upon to say some thing, and this is what ho said : — I liave had no other motive tlinn a perpetual and ardent desire to give to others the truth as (led has given it to me. I am fully conscious of tho great imperfections of tho books which I wroto while as vio.Tl.-nnw-t.hn l-nvnlat.iotis of the (lav of Pentecost only in n broken and fragmentary way. As i saw tlio truth so i spoke it, not without cost to myself. Rut I had no choice. 1 could not hut declare that which was evidently, to me, "the truth as it is in Jesus." Tho works which I then published, even without tlio private records which I have by me, aro enough to mark the progressive, but Blow anil never- receding advance of my convictions, from tho llrst conception of a visible church, Its succession and witness for Christ, to the full perception and mani festation of its divine orgnnisation of liend and members, and of its supernatural prerogatives of Indcfcctihlo life, Indissoluble unity, Infnlliblo dis cernment and emmcintiou of the faith. Thoso hooks liavo a unity that is of progress, and a directness of movement, always alllrming nusltivoly aud definitely such truths of the purfect revelation of God ns successively roBO upon inc. i was ono " maun teutons, meridiu elocutions," hut ft divino Guide, as yet unknown to mo, always led mo on. I can well remember at tho outset of my life, as a pastor, as I then already bolioved, the necessity of a divine commission forced itself upon mo. Next, how tile necessity of a divine certainty for tlio message I luid to deliver became, if possible, more evident. A divine, that is, an infallible message, by a human messenger iB still the truth of God ; but a human or fidllblo missngo, by u messenger having a divino commission, would ho a source of error, illusion and all evil. I then per ceived the principle of Christian tradition as an evidence of the truth, and of tho vislhlo unity of tlio Church ns the guarauteu of that tradition. Rut it was many years before i perceived that such n (-1, riafii, n li-. /lit Inn n-im tin ninm than human, anil theroforo fallible. I liad reached tlio last point to wiiieli human history could guide mo towards tlio Church of God. Thero remained ono point more, to know Hint tlio Church was not only a human witness in tho order of history, hut a divine witness ill the order of supernatural facts. " christianity is catholicism." In tile preface to tho " Temporal Mission of tho Holy Ghost" Cardinal Manning sets forth with tho utmost explicitnoss how it was he came to believe that " Chris tianity, in its perfection and its purity, im- mutilated, and full in its orb and circum- ference, is Catholicism" (p. 16) ; so that " when I say Catholicism I mean perfect Christianity, undiminished, full-orbed, illu minating all nations, as St. Ireneus says, ' Like tho sun, one and tho same in every place' " (p. 2). He was once, as Lord Beaconsheld put it, a parlia mentary Christian. But he came to see that Anglicanism was incipient Rationalism. In his own phrase, " Tho Anglicanism of the Reformation is upon tho rocks, like some tall ship stranded upon tho shore and going to pieces by its own weight and tho steady action of the sea." The errors of tho past 300 years seemed to him to be passing fast away and he saw that — If we are " to serve our generation by tho will of God" It must be by tho boldest and clearest enun ciation of the Divine certainty in matters of faith, and by pointing out tho relations of faith to human knowledge, scientific and mural. But how can we arrive at this certainty ? Cardinal Manning arrived at it by a ladder of four steps. They are as follow : — First, that it is a violation of reason not to believe in the existence of God; secondly, that it is a violation of our moral sense not to believe that God has made Himself known to man ; thirdly, that the revelation he has given is Christianity ; and fourthly, that Christianity is Catholicism. These four constitute a proof tho certainty of which ex ceeds that of any other moral truth I know. A HUMBLE RETRACTION. He thereupon humbly retracted what he considered to be the three errors which he had maintained against tho Roman Church', and revolted in 1851 the statements which he had made in 1841 and 1858. He attributed his change of view to his new sense of the temporal mission of the Holy Ghost. Its due significance and the unity of tho Church he then perceived for tho first time. Understanding, therefore, as he never understood before, tho meaning of supreme Pontiff and Vicar of Jcstis Christ, ho acknow ledged that lie had in 1843 spoken rashly, or rather ignoranlly, in unbelief, anil therefore the Gorliam judgment, having occurred op portunely to destroy his fast-crumbling faith in the Church of England, ho submitted to Rome. That brief statomont will suflico as to iiis theological transplantation. Ho hud' always been a High Churchman and if a man really believes in Apostolical succession and the Real Presence and baptismal regeneration his formal acceptance of the full Roman creed is natural enough to stand in need of no further comment. A VICTORY OVER PREJUDICE. Of all tlio extravagant claims upon my credulity which I encountered during my visit to Rome — where, no doubt, oiic'h lowers of belief arc subjected to tho severest of strains, .quite as lunch by tlio oncmics as by tho friends of tho Vatican — none im pressed me more than a remark that was mado about Cardinal Manning. I'luid been, as was my wout, expressing very strongly my sense of tho services which tlio Cardinal hail rendered in industrial disputes, when I was suddenly brought up by tlio complacent remak that tlio Cardinal would not liavo boon ahio to do any of tho good 1 had been describing had lie not reeoived tho power to do it from Rome. His ®>nncction with the Roman hierarchy seemed to the good man with whom I was speaking quito enough to explain how it was that the Car dinal had been ahio to help in settling tho dock strike. The facts, of course, wcro exactly the other way about. Cardinal Manning lias boon powerful for good, not because of his dependcnco upon Rome, hut because of his inuopondonce. He lias had to livo down, by years of hard vyork, tho prejudico which existed in the English mind against every representative of the Holy see. His connection with the Vatican lias unquestionably stood liim in evil slcad with tlio people whom ho wished to serve. That his power and influence to-day stand where they do is because his countrymen have learned to ignore the red nat of tho Cardinal and recognise the essential man hood of i's wearer. Wo should all have liked him better if lie had not been a car dinal, no doubt, although I must plead guilty toafcelingofsatisfaction that Dr. Man ning lias been subjected to so searching an ordeal, because lie lias coine out of it so 'triumphantly. He has proved that the true English democrat does not ceaso to lie a democrat even when lie is a prince of tho Church. As the Hebrew children walked in tlio burning fiery furnace without even tlio smell of fire lingering in their garments, so tho Cardinal lias passed through the priestly ordeal unscathed, and lives and labors and serves us an as iiumoiy anu as uuigenviy ua if lie were still tlio simple curate of 1832. THE ADVANTAOKS OT-' A FREE HANI). No one who is capable of imagining that Car dinal Manning lias attained his unique posi tion in England because of iiis connection with Rome can understand how great lias been tho triumph which tho Cardinal has achieved. Rome, fortunately, has left him very much alone, and that was undoubtedly tho very best tiling that could have hap pened. A Cardinal in London should con stantly address to the Vatican tho prayer which poor Mario Bashkirtscff put up to her Maker : "I do not ask Thee to help mo ; I only entreat Thoo not _ to hiudor mo in my work." In Cardinal Manning's case this prayer, although unuttercd, has been granted. The Cardinal lias practically boon his own Popo in Eng land, with tho result that pcoplo have begun to realise the possibility of a Popedom which' would/not desorve to bo branded as Anti christ and doomed to porditionas tho scarlet woman. Ho has altered all this, not bo- causo of Romo but in spite of it. During his time Rome lias given the Church Home Rule in England, and it has thriven accordingly. What would have happened if, at tho crisis of the dockors' strike, tho benevolent old gentle man at the Vatican had launched a rescript condemning tlio tumultuous processions ot tlio dockers past the dockhouso, and the hanging of Mr. Norwood in effigy, can bo bettor imagined than deseribed. Most fortunately the Italians who live in their little world on the Vatican hill did not tako tho liberties with the English that they liavo been only too prompt to take with tlio Irish, and tlio Cardinal was able to do good work without lot or liindranco from without. the rossrr-s of English Catholicism. The only good tiling which tho Papacy did for England of lato years was to make Car dinal iVIanniniT Archbishop of Westminster. Pius tho Ninth knew and loved the English convert, and when Cardinal Wiseman died ho insisted upon nominating Dr. Manning as his successor. In the opinion of tho English Catholics the primacy ought to have gone to an elderly, inoffensive prolate, whoso claims on the ground of seniority and long service were undoubtedly as much superior to those of Dr. Manning ns Dr. Manning was his superior in capacity. The i'opo stood firm. English Catholic opinion was sot at defiance, ana tho convert of 1851 became the Catholic Archbishop of 1865. Therein unquestionably the Pope showed true insight, and justified to that extent his claims to his pre-eminent position. For although it seems paradoxical, it is a siinplo literal truth that tho Car dinal's chief difficulty after his connection with the Scarlet Women on the Seven hills lias been tlio existence of the English Catholics of the aboriginal variety. For tlio English Catholics who represent tho old stock without any Protestant interlude are anything hut an ideal flock for a shepherd wlio wishes to enlarge the border of his fold. Thoy arc the Anglican species of the French Legitimist— a highly-respectable, intensely Conservative, utterly sterile sot of citizens. From any point of view beyond that of tlio blameless discharge of their religious duties and the preservation of their families intact from the incursion of modern thought, they are about as useless to the Church as thoy can well be. Thoy aro tlio fossils of the Church ; aud to such men the advent of Cardinal Manning must have been a sore trial. Imagine the consternation in tho Faubourg St. Germain if tho Cqmte do Chamhord had coine to the throne in 1873 and liad mado M. Gninbetta his Prime Minister, anil you can form such conception of the dismay in the English Catholic ranks when the quandani Archdeacon of Chichester became Archdeacon of Canterbury. " It is a visitation of offended Heaven," said one, " that this man should be raised up to scourge us." They are aristocratic; he is a democrat, They are exclu- sive ; he is as expansive as catholicity itself. They pride themselves upon their un broken fidelity to the Church through many generations ; ho was a verity of only 14 years' standiug. It needed a Pope to thrust such a man upon such a flock, and Cardinal Man ning has abundantly justified the audacity of his patron's choice. the irish recruits The increaso in tlio power and influence of the Catholics in England lias been due entirely to two causes. The enery and activity generated ontsido tho Church was suddenly infused into its withered veins when Cardinal Newman headed tho secession to Rome of the logical Tractarians, and at tho same timo the great exodus from Ireland filled up the skeleton cabres of the Catholic contingent north and south of the Tweed. The part which Ireland lias played in tho nineteenth century in fill ing the ranks of tlio Church in tho English- speaking world is as yet but imperfectly appreciated in Romo as elsewhere. It lias been regarded with unconcealed aver sion by tho Catholics of the English and Scotch species. During tlio Pope's jubilee, when Romo was thronged with pilgrims from all lands, a number of Scotch and Irish ono of tho latter, boasting of tlio service which tho isle of saints had rendered to tlio Church, asked triumphantly wliero would tlio Church liavo been in Scotland but for the Irish immigration. An old Scotch Catholic, feeling his soul hot within him, re plied: "l't would hao been where it was be fore— a small but varra respectable body." Tlio emphasis of tlio speaker was hardly needed to point tlio sarcasm. Cardinal Manning, however, no more cared about the respectability of his recruits than Welling ton oared to know whether his soldiers at Waterloo could aspirato their aitclies. Tho incursion of tho Irish horde was as necessary to savo tho British Catholics from their smug aud solfish respectability as it was to swell tlio Catholic vote in the English constituencies. It was the very salvation of Catholicism in tho United Kingdom, This Cardinal Manning saw, and lie hailed it with enthusiasm. His flock is now nearly tlirco parts Irish, and in sympathy lie is as Irish as Archbishop Walsh and Archbishop Croke. as much a black as any of them. Yot Cardinal Manning iB ns devoted to tho Temporal Power and tho prerogatives of tho papacy as any Red-hat in the Roman Curia. When I was speaking of tlio Cardinal to a leading freemason in Romo lie replied, " Cardinal Manning 1 Why, Cardinal Man ning is as much a Black as un of them j" In ono sense that is true. In another it is utterly false. No doubt Cardinal Manning is a Black, the blackest of tho Blacks, in ail that relates to tho prerogatives of tho Popo. His sermons and liis books on thu Temporal Power show that ho has bowed his strong intelligence to accept tho superstition of Koine as capital of filio unureii as submissively as no nas ac cepted tlio (logina of tho Immaculate Concep tion and of Papal Infallibity. Long ago, when looking down upon tho city from the windows of the Vatican, he oxclaimcd to Pio Nono : " There are only two places for tho successor of St. Peter — tho Catacombs or tho Vatican," and ho has novcr variad from that belief. To that oxtcnt lie is Black. But with him tlio Temporal Power does not mean tho proud privilege of looking after tho drains of tho third-rate city which lias arisen round the ruins of tlio Forum and the Basilica of St. Peter : it only means the undisputed posses sion of so much of this world's surfaco as will enable tho occupant of the Holy Sco to pro- nounco judgment ou tlio moral and spiritual questions of the world without any inter ference from tho Powers to he. NONCONFORMISTS ANU ANGLICANS. The Cardinal, as lie lias told tho world many times, was led to the Church of Rome because ho bulioveil that there alone could ho found absolute certainty. As there seoms to mo nothing more absolutely certain in the world than that tho Church has boon utterly mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, tliero has always been , wido room for discussion. But to tho 1 Cardinal tho Nonconformists aro nearer the Catholic Cliureh than tho Anglicans ; anil of tho Nonconformists the neareSt are Hit' Quakers. Tho Quakers, ho has fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of tho work of tho Holy Ghost. "They limit tho workings of tho Divino Spirit to tlio individual soul of man. All that thoy need to learn to come into tho fullness of truth is that tho Holy Spirit also works through tho Church of Goa." He was particularly pleased at my recognition of tho Quaker-like character of tlio scrvico of tho Catholic Church. Tho morning mass is a Quaker'smeotingpIusagenuUectingcolobrant, whoso presence you need not. even notice it you close your eves, Of Nonconformists m general I have nlways heard him speak in tho kindest terms. He quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing someone lightly predict tho coming downfall of England, remarked — "If you know Eng land as I do, you would know that the Non conformists have created in the hearts of the English people n virile force and strong in tegrity which will ennble England to pass safely through crises whiuh havo overwhelmed other empires." his love for children. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had tho advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relutions. When lie speaks of tho home as the sacred founda tion of society, ho differs from the normal priest who by tlio conditions of his calling is liomclcss anil wifeless. Cardinal Manning lias been married. Ho has luid a home. Ho is, therefore, not out off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. liis love for children is with him an abiding passion, and it is this which constitutes tho close tic of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigable director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been so extraordi narily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert witli Mr. Waugh that the Cardinal published "The Child of the Eng lish Savago" — that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of our people to thoir duties to the outcast child. It was through (lie en i.uiai (i i tv w iki . ' . . ' j > — ............... ..... intention to bccomo patron of Mr. Waugh s society ; and in the Cavdinal Mr. Waugh has found from first to last an energetic and in valuable ally in ail that lie lias striven to do for tho benefit of tho children of Eng land. Many have beon the speculations as to the figure which tho Cardinal will make in his tory. Some havo pictured liim as the tri bune of the jioor, others as an incipient Hildehraud, others as a nineteenth century Loyola, but I prefer to think of him as the loving-lieartea old man who, when his heart is filled with eestaey after a meditation on the life and love of our Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in tho London parks, aud silently blesses them in the name of Him who saiu, " Suffer the littlo children to como unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the king dom of heaven." the christian socialist. The social question is to Cardinal Man ning tho question of questions. The con dition of the people, tho improvement of their homes, the removal of their tempta tions—all questions relating to tho ameliora tion of their lot— aro constantly with him. Ho is in hot revolt against tho stony- liearted bureaucratic machinery of our poor law, and ho is so far a Socialist as to lay down in tho strongest terms that "a starving man liasn natural right to his neighbour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails overall positivo laws of property." They must know little of life, he iB constantly reminding us, " who do not know what ruin of men and women comes from tho straits of poverty." There is an admirable article in tlio third volume of his miscellanies which is entitled " A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spirit of Him who camo to seek ancl to savo those who aro lost. Nor is it only in articles that tho Cardinal preaches. His wliolo lite is uevoccn to tno same sosk. In tho dockers' strike ho only did on a wider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scale. 