Avenged by a Ghost. STRANGE STOItY OP A CRIME. Ajikiiican papors roooived by our last mail contain tho sequel to ono of tho strangest crimiual opisodos on record. Somo years ago at Reynolds- burg, in Tenuesseo, a farm or named Gamble lent somo £50 to a noigbbor named Mercer, who gave a bill for £75 for tho amount, ono AVhitoman being tho acceptor. Tho last-named, who- over, did not moot tho bill. Giuublo then demanded to havo it on paying tho original £50. This Mcrcor rofused, and a fow days after tho thrro pnrtios met to negotiate a settlement. Mercer's skiff in which ho rodo to tho mooting placo was found oiupty on tho rivor, whilo ho hnd disappeared. Tho conclusion was reached that ho had boon drowned. As ho was a woalthy man for that section, and was known to liavo a largo sum of inonoy on his person, a liboral roward was offorcil for tho recovery of his body. Tho rivor was dragged, nnd n cannon procured and urea up ana clown tho rivor for miles, but without avail. Throo yoavs elapsed. Tho wifo of tho drowed man had remarried, his ostato hnd boeu wound up, aud tho matter forgotten. Ono ovening a young man named Hindmnn, who had been living in tlio Stntonud vicinity foronly a fow months, having removed from Northorn Ohio, wns walking through tho meadow towards homo, aftor his day's work was done. Ho was suddonly joined by a stranger, who nppoarod so abruptly, coming, as Iliudnmn expressed it, " out of tlio ground," that lio wns greatly alarmed. "You do not know ino ?" said tho strnngor. "No," said Hindmnn, " but I supposo you nro ono of my neighbors." " My unino is, or wns, Lobnnon Moreor. Throo years ngo I wns murdered by William Gamblo, and my body buried in a slougli near tho rivor. lio killed mo becauso I would not givo up tho noto on AVhitoman. no called mo to tlio bank of tho rivor by tolling mo that ho hud borrowed tho inonoy from a noiglibor that ho mot immediately after wo parted." Tho strnngor thon do- scribed tho placo whoro lie was buried, nnd gavo the namos of pnrtios whoso testimony would prohnbly convict. Among them a pedlar named Fonticost and a man named" Burilold, who hnd received ono of tlio bills takou ironi bis porsou. Having finished, tho apparition disappeared as suddonly as it had como, and Hindmnn fainted from sheer fright. AVlion horceovorcd nnd nind" his way to tho houso, his indi»H)sition was so marked that a noiglibor was sont for and restoratives applied. Ho narrated liis adventure with all the minuteness of detail pos sible under the c'rcumstanuoa, nud tbo family wero advised to send for a phy sician to treat him for an aberration of mind. Ho related his story to tho pliysiuiau and otliors in strict confi dence. A fow days boforo tho strango visitation described nbovo, tho Jenny Halo, a steamboat, lind run aground bolow Roynoldsburg. A small stream emptied itself out of a morass into tlio rivor at this point. A bar bad boon formed opposito its mouth, upon which the boat had grounded. In attempt ing to "back off" great waves had boon thrown in upon tlio morass and tho bunks washed and stirrod. A wook or two days aftor this ocourronco a body was found 20 miles bolow Roynoldsburg. Tliofonturcs woro un recognisable. Thoro was an nhsonco of auy swolliug, ns is tho enso with bodtos drownod. Tho clothing was of a peculiar toxturo. Tho right hoot wus split up to tho top from tho instop on tlio foot. Tlio two small fingors on tho loft hand woro gono. A pair of yarn socks, mtirkod " L.M." woro on tho foot. In tho clothing ovorywhoro was to bo found a shito-colourcd dirt, vory hard, and apparently indissoluto in water. Tho skull wns fractured. A jury of inquest was hold, and after sitting two days rondorod a vordict thnt tho body wns that of Lobanor Moreor ; that ho hnd como to liis doatli by violont moans at tho hands of somo person to tho jury uuknown ; and that tho crimo had boon committed a long timo ago prior to tho discovery of tho body ; that it had boon oxhumod nnd found its way into tho rivor. Tho story told by tho ghost to Hindman was romomborcd, and notwithstanding tho high Htn tiding of Gamblo, bravo mon bogan to investigate. Gamblo was arrested and brought boforo a committing magistrate. Tho widow testified that hor husband hnd in his possession 310 dollars in fives, tons, nnd twenties. Ono 20-uoliar bill Itau beon wot, and tlio colors had run to- gotlior. Somo doubt hnd beon thrown upon its gonuinonoss, and her husband bad mado amomorandum of itsnuinbor, dato, and from whom bo bad roeoived it. Sho idontifiod a bill shown hor as tho ono hor husband hnd in bis possession whon lio loft homo. Tho slioriff of tlio country tcstifiod that ho had rccoivcd a bill from Gamblo about six months aftor ho disappearance of Moreor, and had takon a minuto de scription of tho samo for tbo roasons givon by tbo widow. Tho podlar testified that ho stayod ovor night with Gamblo a fow months aftor Morcor's disnppoarnnco, and it was tho subject of convocation. Gamblo oxprcsscd tho belief that Moreor bad notboon drowned, but had fledfrom tbo country on account of somo shady transaction in which ho had boon en gaged. That thoro wns a good doal of company at Gamblo's houso that night, and Gamblo occupied a room with him, that during tbo night ho was awakened by a scufflo in Gamble's bod. Tbo latter wns on bis knoes in tbo middlo of tho bed and appoarcd to bo desperately struggling with an imaginary porson. Ho hoard him say, "By G— d Moreor, I am going to havo it!" Giving a suddon lurch, bo eamo near falling out of bodandawakoned. Tho noxt morn ing whon thoy wont out to tho stablo to soo about tbo stock, Gamblo walkod into tbo stall whoro tho pedlar was, and, with a bugo bowio.knifo in bis band, mado tbo witness on his knocs swoar that lio would novor roveal or ropont what bo had board. Ho lind novor spoko of it on that account until rocontly, and thon to Hindman. A man living on tlio promises testified that Gamblo enmo homo tbo night of Morcor's disappoaranco long aftor ovoiybody had retired, and that his clothes wero voiy muddy with a pecu liar-colored clay, and that ho accounted for his absonco by stating that bo was with his brothor-in-law, and got tho mnd on him in pushing his waggon up a certain hill. Tho brothor-in-law could not remember anything of tbo Mnd. Tho neighbours testified that this mnd or dirt ou tlio clothing of tho corpso found wns somothing similar to that found on Gamblo's clothing, and wns peculiar to a morass or low placo nt tbo mouth of a certain Btreaui whoro tho steamboat had grounded, and did not oxist olsowbero on tho river, oxcopt noar Clifton, about 190 mile.s nbovo. Othor witnesses testified that thoy had gono to this morass after tho waters had receded, nnd hnd discovorcd nn indention in tho mud six foot long, nearly two feet wido, nnd twolvo inches dcop, thnt lind beon partly filled with drift aiul looso mud ; that at ono oud thoy lmd found nearly a handful of short black lmir and at other points what appeared to ho woollon and cotton lint. Tho prisoner oflorcd his character in dofcnco nud rested. Tho mngistrato committed him to prison without hail. At tho ensuing term of tho Circuit Court, tho Grand Jury having brought in a true bill, tbo pri soner, to tho surprise of everyone an nounced himself ready, and the trial proceeded. Tho State introduced tho samo witnesses used in the magis trate's court and rested. Tho defence offered ns witnesses learned pchelnrs. who ridiculed tho jrhost theory nud iirovoil lirnmiilnto alibi hv np<mititim» for Gamblo's whereabouts ovon mo ment from the timo ho loft Mercer until tho following morniug. Tho jury brought in a vordict of "Not Guilty." I Fore, now, is tho soqucl. Tho othor day AVilliam Gamblo, nii old man, died on Traco Crook, in Humphrey's County, and ou his death bed confessed that ho had murdered Moreor nt the time nnd placo named by tho spirit ; that ho had buriod tho body in tho morass, after killing him with a hammer taken from a waggon ns lie went round to head him off ; that tho witnesses who proved an alibi woro suborned by him, ono of whom ho hud subsequently killed to provent him from annoynneo. 