A FATAL PAST. BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Broken Seal," " The Track of the Storm, " "A Bitter Birthright," &c.;, &c.; [ ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. ' OfLtco.?? I. AIS 5I.-- Liut. Francis Roche 1000r, ord to n certain extent, dependent, reaeiveo a mysterious comomuni oxt on o hmeansotn! Mr. Twiss, an old hawyco's oler. Tihe tissire is hlnded to himt in Twiss', rooms, and is to the offeot tShthe h lliR iuture reoeive yearly the sunl o! ROS0, thot amountleino enclosed in banh l notes. As he receives tih letter his movelnenO are watched by a lady in ao inner oporlmente After her departure ltrs. 'Owss comunoicates to ler husband a story cooceing tile lady which she hod no tight to tell, and Tociss considers hoW hle can boot toahe uses! tho hotory dor his o dnodalontage. Lord and Lody Ennismoro o few eovonoigo aiteooordo, aro in a boo at tAle thootr, and 'oehlo and a friend of his, Itr. Arthur Curaoo, are ]ntrodcoed So thexl. Wheno Lord and Lady EnLRnlore go home they SLhehlooahtthoir infant boy nsoh is sloeping in his cot. ·'Od ho keep hiho," shoodpere the mother, little guessing ot the :mtlsenddd o dwhich hung over the child'o bright head. ClolArrns 1St. An IV.-- Lord and Lady Eoniomore returned to Oraucnhoral and ard visited by 3Iiso llelen Drummond and Slis llinghom, two pAy nod sprigihtly girlos who oeepl the hlome ot ho Eonismoros lively. Doring 1heir soay tohor aol tre sorprosed bh the apoearanc of Cur1o0 , and Rloche, but Lady eUnitmooo iS adiy troUleOd by their advent, though -he cndoavoors to conceal her agitatiol. C?lvAPToo V. Ahvi Vt.--Lady Ennismoro receives h0er guests withoutword eqantmity,'and Cuoon anod IRoche are intro duced to Olaud inohum, Lady Ennisaoroos second daughter, ,od also to ti1 youthtul heir,Ihooert Patric Sinohlaml. The 1ev. Peter Prtscoto vicir oo Iorronbury, a bcholor, guarded bly his two Jealous sisters, to isontroduce1 into the s1ot.. Lo lo, thouhol 0n tho shody slde of torty, not blind to tho bloadothnonto 0of the fair tCe and Miss Sincllir, tllo wily governess of tile Ennismoro family, would oppear to have deodos upon him. CHAPTER'S VII. — Helen's Lover. As the Rev. Peter Preseott walked nhome across the misty hills, after spending this evening at Brackenford, he was thinking some what sadly, thlough very kindly and gently of his sisters. "Ahe poor souls," he thought. "It wduld never do.to bring a stranger beside them. No, no, I must be contentlto remain what I have always been-a lonely mnan." The Rev. Peter sighed audibly as he came to the -conclusion. Never before had hlie been t~mljted to change his state, for during his poverty no woman had looked at him. and since he hac been rector of Mortonbury his sisters bad hitherto safely guarded him from all mnatri snonial entanglements. B f~ut struggle against the feeliinfi as best he could, hie now constantly found himself thini ing ot Caroline Sinclair. He had met her first at Brackenford, and since then lie had not un frequently encountered her in his walks, and somehow or other he could not help thinking thlatl ss Sinclair liked himn. 'That any woman should do so seemed wonderful at first to Peter's simple and modest heart. But still the idea recurred to him, and thie idea had become very sweet to the poor rector. No woman had ever flattered him before, nor ever sought his society. Pew families lived in the neighbour hoodoflbortonbury, and the few who did had only young unmarried girls to find husband's for, and young girls do not often think of men of the rcctor's age. O . But suddenly across his sombre andcontented wavs of life, there had flashed a gleam of youti mand brightness, that threatened to become highly dangerous to the rector's peace. A woman graceful, calculating and attractive, had looked at-the rectory-house, and then at the rector, and hind decided that she was well-fitted to hold the position of thie rector's wife. She had overshot her mark a little as we have seen, and had not gauged the Misses Prescott aright, when she triedto flatter tlhem. liut her words were balm anid sweetness to the lRev. Peter's ears. "But, but, Imust not thinI of lher," he said to himself softly, as he reached therectory-house and opened the door with his latch-key. A grim figure arrayed in a violet flannel dressing gown met him in the hall. "Islthat ': on, Peter?" said MZiss Dorotlhy Prscotlt's voice, for only her little red nose was ro be seen peeping out of the wraps and flannels in which her bead was enveloped. "I thought you were never coming." "L hy did you sit up, my dear?" answered the kindly Peter. "WVas it likely I should go to bed when you were out?" replied Dorothy, in an injured tone. " No, Peter, I never neglect you, do I0" I am sure you do not," said Peter in all good faith. "And I thinkl," continued Miss Dorothy, "'considering the people Lady iEnnismore con triveB toget about her, Peter, that you're better at home than at Brackenford." S"Contrivecs to get about herr" repeated the 1ev. Peter. " Why, my dear, there is no one staying there hut two young soldiers and Itiss 3elen:-Drummond." . "And that very forward person, the gover ness," said M~iss Dorotlhy, wsaspishly, and the ittle red nose gave a vicious jerk out of her 'strange hiadgear. 0 "Istiss Sinclair" said the rector, gently. "I do not think that she is forward, Dorothy." \- "Flaittery does not go down my throat as easily its it does yours, teni," retorted Dorothy. ;"Why, Poere a mole could see through her I She's a vile, flattering hussy, on the look out for i musband, if ever there was one I" "Nay, nay, Dorothy, nay," said the gentle reelor" doi not speak thus of one of your own sex-of a gentlewoman. She is poor, 1 suppose; bet other ladies have been poor before now." "Thalnc your" said Dorothy, with another vicious jeric. "I may have beoom poor, I wos poor, I sn poor for the matter of that, but no man living, nor dead either, can say of me that I tried to flatter him into mialing a fool of him. self, and I should thinkc dozens could of this bliss Sinclair, thoiugh she hasn't succeeded wilth any of themi yet i" Thle rector puet up his brown and bony hand .deprecatingly. "Hush, Dorothy," lie said,and then he badehis sister good night and went alone into his study, end'laving lit his pipe and mixed his modest 'g]asi of grog, sat there quietly thinking. Could Dorothy's rough, hard words have any truth in them? Dorothy was a shrewd woman, othough not gentle, nor pitiful, the rector Inme. ,But could it be-could it be? Bad this fair -voman sought his society, and seemed to take ieasure in his words, merely because he had a good income and a pleasant home I \- "If so," thought the rector, pursuing his cogi tations, "Ipityher; for if she is not true to hersolf and to her womanhood, how poor and usman mustoall life'sis highest aims seemn to her. But I cannot believe it. Ah, poor Dorothy, she :fears, I suppose, that I may bring a new' mis tress to her home--but no, no--Martha and Dorothy have had so little sunshine, such hard, coldlives, thatfor no selfish happiness of my own 'will I ever interfere with their narrow joys. And as for her--for Carolisne-she is too fair inot to have many wooers. I am doing her no harm .only a little self- denial and the pain will bo fsoot," 0 SSohamadse uphismind. Thisma'n, who would turn aside not to tread on the worm upon his path, borehis own paiin during the nextfew days 'with silent endurance. He grew a little greyer about the temples, and snore lines came round lisa kind and thoughtful eye:s, but ie slhosed no other signs of hIis mental struggle. Yes, per. htaps he was a little kinder even than usual to the two hard, cold, selflsh sisters, for whose sake :Ilo was practicing hIis self-denial. This was his nature. Hie always gave generously, and none hcnesV,'lhat he gave. Miss Sinclair was not slow to perceive that a change had come over the rector's manner. Sue :ssw that lie rather avoided her than otlherwise, and this kInowledge annoyed Miss Sinclair cx :eedingly. But sue also made no sign. She svents;is regularly to church, and sat there demsure and pensive-eyed, swhile the Mlisses Pres cott watcheld her with bitter and contemptuous glauces. Had she been the best woman in the world, they would have felt precisely ti-e same io her. They wished to heelp their brother uns married, and therefore regarded their whole sex with : distriust. While the Rev, Peter's one love affair thus languished, another love affair, at Brachenford, w-as progressing only tuo quickly. Agiain and again, in thie early winter twilight, iFrancis lc her had met the sunny-faced Helen Drimmond. They managed it all vcry quietly. :1-elen:sat eviths Lady Esuisisore in tele morn. :ings,sdrove with her [n the afternoons, and was sh"y and even a little distant in her manner to Rocleh during dinner, and when they all met together afterwvards in the drawing-room. .if id Lady Ensismore been asked tihe question if there wvre vecanying betwreen these two young peeople afterloche had beessns aweek sit Bracken. 'ord, she would have replied that their acq uaint. nnie was a very slight one. Yet, before tihe end of this week, Roche hlad begun to think of his future income; begun to speculate and wonder if hlie were justified in asking a woman to share the sonehaiat precarious live hundrede ,ear ivhichs had been promised to him at the ' Lady's mirsdrobe," in Buckinghsam Palace-road. eI- natusIly hesitated before doing this. Tile more lie thought of this strange adventure the .suore siur.prising it seemed to him, and Walter Usmzoni alsoiften recurred Io the subject with jislsglod il0iigs of curiosity ae.d envy. Sioehle 'had still ncarly tiree hundred pounds of this money at his bankers when he went to Drackenford, aud this small sum now seemed to the young man in tIh first flush of hIis love, as sometlling very respectable to begin life ulpon Il ile was very glad at all events that le had avrcd it. Everyday the frank, bright face of his telen became deacrer to himiu, and all hIis formcr apleupsive amusements and pleasures suciYenly gresw liat and wearisome to hIis imagination .svhen compared with lier s unny smiles, They were almost like two crildren, these Toung lovers. Over their hearts had come a ireaCt sense of enjoygient, a golden haze whsichm wrapiped coryTthinig in misty bliss and undellucd ?.lappiness." h aoer lovely Hleni is growing-' again and nain thought Lady Ennismore, glancing withll vogue uncasiness at the young girl's glad face, ansi Illell sometimes at H oche's dark one. But still lso noticednothing hetween them, until one pvening Miss ,Sinelair came into the drawing. nom alone, and after a few words of common* place conversation, began to talk about Helen. " I scarcely like to menlion what I aln about to say, Lady Enllismore" sail the govereess, standing ill a graceful attitude before Lady Bnnismore's tea table, "but from a sense of duty-for Julia's saoce-I nmst do it." LadyEnnismore looked quickly up, and her fine complexion changed colour. "What isit? Notlingcas happened I hope?" she asked. "Oh, no, nothing has happened-only, Lady Ennismore, youunderstand, as liss Drummond is not my pupil I scarcely like to interfere. Still, from a sense of duty, as I said before, I cwil speak-for--I feel sure-at least I feel almost sure, thlat you are not aware that liss Drum mnond walks daily, and for hours alone in tihe dusck, with nlr. Rochsel" Lady Eunismore's face grew suddenly crimson. "It is impossiblc!" sle said. "With MIr. Roche? IMr. Roche is with Lord Enismore on tile moors." " Mr. Roche neverthlleless contrives to leave the moors every afternoon before four o'clock," replied MIiss Sinclair, with Iher subdued smile. "Thiey indeed meet every afternoon in the grounds and wander about thle walks togetlher they are together now." Lady Ennismore rose hastily, and went to one of thie bay windows whlcih looked out upon tihe grounds. "It is ceost incprudecct, nesatfoolisllc" she said. "Ticanl you for telling me, Illiss Sinclair--to getcer now' did you say I" "At least together a quarter of anhour since," said Iiss Sinclai'. "I was returning from Mortonbury, whlere I had been on a little errand of charity, and I came unexpectedly on a semi scntimecltal scene under the shadow of tie fir trees. But do not be uneasy, dear Lady Ennis more, she is but a child, and this young gentle ncan is probably only amusing hIimself--still I thought it was better and kinder to tell you." "Certainly," answered Lady. Ennismor. with a slcarpUess and decision of mcanner vCery.un usual t.o her. " I will go and joic them--er ilaps MIiss Sinclair if Lord Ennismo'e and ntr. Curzon eolne in before I return, you will give thecl somse tea ? And will you kindly say, if Lord Ennisnmore icnquires, thlat I shall be back almost immediately-and of course I need not ask you not to mention anything aboutthlese stucpid young ieople l" "Of course I shall mention nothing," said Miss Sinclair.', " and dear Lady Ennismore mayI ask you a favouri--but please do not be very acgry sith liss Drucmond, for yet tell her tlcatI told you .bouto these foolish ws'alksl¢" '-I ams not angry witlh tlce child, onlygreatly anunyed." snswered Lady Enuismore; and slhe opened the bay window before lwhich she was standing as she spoke, and went aout on the terrace beyond. It was onow quite dusk. Overhead a hlnlf- moon' -was casting its fitful beams from amid the driftincg clouds on the dark fir trees, whlichl stood out sombre and gloomy in tihe uncertain ligbt. The cold white rays.too,fell in weird and fentastic shadows on thle wrals, and on tile trim and well-klept evergreens, and some how as Lady Ennismnore hurried on in her way through thie grounds, hler thoughts went back to her dead brother--to Norman Malden, who had -bee so strangely cut oe in Iris early primce. Sihe re'enmbered hloes lee had eartly planned this place; how he had planted some of these very hlolly trees on whlich the moonlight was falling, and Ihowe they had grown on and on, while his memnory had almost faded away. She gave a quick, sharp sigh, as shee thought this. The stillness and silence of thle place seened almost to frighten her. The shadows of thlce past came near her, and involuntarily she glanced round, and stood lookling for a moment at the great dark hills behind, where amid the heather lhey had found her young brother dead. In the meanlwhile the two whom she had gone out to seek were standing togethler hand in hand, thinling onlyof thle blissful present. They were lovers, but not yet declared lovers, and were in that state of sweet uncertainty, of happy exciteenct, of strange new joy, cwhicl is tle prelude to a brigbt future, or to great and woful pain. "Do not go yet," Francis Roche was saying. "Everything seems so dreary when you leave me." "A INovember evening is not proverbially bright, you know," replied Helcn Drummond cith some archness, and she would have drawn her hand away, but the young man held it fast. "Helen," he said, more earnestly, "do not really go yet. I rwant to speakl to you--I waint to tell you-well, it seems so stupid to say it, yet it is the truth-that it is in your power now to inake m future life Ihappy-or indeed weariness enoughe I" Before the girl could reply to this disjointed sentence, wllie sh1e stoodbluslhing and trembling a little, and with her eyes cast down, a footstep ewas leard approaching, and Roche suddenly re leased her leand. ThIe next Ininute Lady Eunismore's tall figure acpicared on lile very patlh on cwhich the young lovers were standing. She did not seb thsen at once, for tlhey were partly beneath tihe shladow of some flr trees, but the mooclight fell on her face, d tl he and ot ea Helen rcoagenisedher. "oere is Lady Ennismore," sacd Helen, with some embarrassment." "Yes," answered atRoche;, "so I see.'' And thoughs he felt greatly annoyedI he evs of course obliged to follow Helen, elso moved forward to eet Lad?' Ennismore. Ladyn isnnoismore received them both very quietly. " . "Helen, my chlild, is that you " she said, as Helen somewhlt deprsecatingly and timidly laid eer honde on Lady lunismore's. "Itis too late for you to be out; dear," she contihued, "so run to tle hlouse as fast as you can, and asck Miss Sinclair, whio is in the dreawing-room to give you some tea.", : , 1olest Ihesitated for a moment andlooked at Roche... .. "Go at'once: deaR'," said Lady Ennismnore; ' ald Mr. Rochle, will you stay and take a turn with me I I hlave a Iheadache, and I think tice air will do me good." - Helen left them as Lady Elelismore said these words, and then ill her usual sweet and gentle manner Lady Enuismosre addicssed r ochle. "I hlave sent tie clild assay, Mor.-ohe," sche said, "because I want a fewwords-afew con fidenctial words withs you.". , "1 shll be deliglted to listen, of course," said :Roche, thlough he certainly did not feel so. - ",It, is about helen--l elen Drummond," pro ce'iled Lady. Ennismore, and. shle put her hand through Rochle's arm. "Let us walk down the palth-yes, I want to talk to you about' the child -they tell me you sometimes walk with her and-well, Mr. lRoche,-I-am about to ask you to flossno escre." ---.. , - "- ,'- ,., - "Wiy, Lady Ennismorel?" said Roche, wvith somoc slharpness. "Because you are a good.looking young man," answeered Lady sEnnismore, ewith rather aforced smile, "and she is a country girl, unused to tIhe vworld, unaccustomed to receive attention, and it will only unsettle her to be with you--only per haps snake her muehap py." "I would never villingly do that, I am sure, said -loche. - " "I sam sure you would not, yet it mighlt be so if you were constantly withl her. Do not, thlere fore, see her any more, Mlr. Roche; Helen is a nice girl, a dear nics girl, and I would guard her from any trouble ifI could." " But, Lady Enmismore," answered Roche after a momelntary heositation, and with a slight breakl i his voice, '"you do not surely imagine tleat I slhould bring any possible trouble to nltiss Drummond if I could help it? You nmust lknow, 1 am sure y'ouemust know, thlat in seelisng ler I have only one meaning-that if I were happy eaoughc to win her reardl--" "lush, Isush, 1n r:Roc cl" interrupted Lady Eunismore wicith. unmistakeable agitation of mlanner, "do not speak lthus. There cae be nothing between you and Helen; nothling, nothing, put the very idea out of your mind. "But why, Lady Eunismore?" again asked BRochle. " Because," answered Lady Ennismore withi a strange quiver in her voice, "HIlelen is not in a position to thlink of you-to be anything to you. You must promise me, Mr. loche, promnise mee os your word of lhonour as' a genltleman never to Iiet aenything of this kiind to lelen." Lady Ennmismore said these last words eagerly, and bent forward so that she meight see the ex lnessioln on the vount lnan·'s faece, but With an asicloyed air Hocheh turned eway Ihishlead. "I will nlake nco lprolmises," le said. " "Butoyou must," urged Lady Ennismore. "Mcr. lRocle listen to me 1" and she clasped her hand tighltly on hIis arm "It is for your good I am speaking," she continued, "for your good and for Hele?u's good. She can le nothing to you-do you understand, ceolhein?e If you haves thought of anything, or slle hlas tilought of alythling, she must go away-she mlust return to hler relation Miss Drummond." "You surely would not send her saway, Lady Eeuismore ?" "Yes I would," answered Lady Enuismore, "I eil. Anytlhinsg would be better thau tlhat you--" "Lady Ennismore," said Roche very earnestly, "it is ulnkind of you to speak thus-to speak in riddles. ?Why--do answer me- why would it be such a dreadful thlilg if I cvere to ask Itiss Drulmono d to be my wife ?" Lady I Ennisnlore withlldrew her arm hastily froni Roche's, eand with a sudden, almost a gaspiheg sigh, put her Ihand over her face. " I entrcat you to answer me," said Roche iooldiusg at hler'iu egrealtsurprise. "'ihat istlhere about me, whlcat is there about nIiss Drunmnond Iact rellders our future inarriage so impossible ?" Again Lady Enlnismore gave t gasping sighc, and tlhen nosineg leer hland from hler face, she looked at loche with strange wistfulness. " It is like fate," she murmured, as if shle were tllinlking rather than speaking; "like tie hand " \Vile you answer m questionl" urged Roche. "Ve'lei' ssiL ieelpossibleY· Lady Eunismcore tried to rouse herself at these words. She lookedl at rochle, she considered, and then she said slowly and painfully "There is a shadow on 1elen Drummond's hirle, thatl renders such an idea absolutely im]possible. You must not think of her, she must not, thiink of you. I cannot tell you any more, only I entreat you, I beg you to go away, to eorget ler, to see eer sen msre." "Aoeshadow oa ller birthi" repeated Roche, Iith oth dismay and sorrow in his tone. Lady Ennismore did not speakl. She stood thgrlcEp.tleb Atalgblipg,. pd 8o visibly lsgitated that Itoche felt that he could not urge her to tell him any more at that moment. q "The subject seems a distressing ooe to you, Lady ynnismore," lhe said, after thinking for a few seconds. "Perhaps some other time-' "Yes," said Lady Ennismore quickly, " some other time we will talk of it again; but let us go in now, for I feel cold, so very cold." And Lady Ennismore shivecred. " It is cold," answercd Roclhe; and he changed the conversation, and together they proceeded towards the house. Butjust as they reached the bay window in the drawing-room, by which Lady Ennismore had left i, and lwhic was still standing open, Lady Ennismore laid hlier hand for a moment on Rlocli's arm. " Remember,"she said emphatically, " what I have told you," and the next minute she passeet on and entered by thle bay window into the lighlted drawing-room beyond. lioche followed lier. Here they found Lord Ennismore drinking tea and talking to MIiss Sin clair, Curzon, not drinking tea, talking to the pale, fair Julia I3intghatn, antd Ielcti Drunmmond, wvho looked flusied and nagitated, statnding apret. " My dear," said Lord. Ennismore, looking round as his wife went into the room, "hlave you been taking a walk by mtoonlighlt ?" "Yes," answered Lady Ennlsmore, smiling; but as she approached the fire she shivered agaime. "Whey, ]atie, you are as pale as a ghost r" exclaimed Lord Ennismrce, still looking at her. "Give me a cup of hot tea for her, Miss Sin •chair 1" While Mlss Sinclair was pouring out the tea, and Lady Ennismore was warming her chilled haneds by the fire, Roche tookl the opportunity of half- whispering a few words in Helen's ear. S"I want to say something to you, Helen," he said. "rhen Cati I do soh - Helen hesitated, and her already flushed faInceo grew crimson. Then, hbefore she could franme a reply, Lady Ennismore lookedsharlily round,and hoche observing this moied quietly fromn Helen's side. CHAPTER VIII.-A FinsT GRIEF. To Rloche's surplrise and annoyance Holen did not take oher usual place at the dinner table. "Where is Helen?"' asked Lord Ennismore, noting thllis. " She has a headache, and.is not aible to come down," answered Lady Ennismore, gravely, and this reply did not add to Francis Roche's con tentnleit. - In fact as lie sat eatiig his dinner he bcgai to feelvery angry with his hostess. "What right had Lady Ennismoro to interfere and lecture him, and, probably, thepoor girl," lie iwas think lug. "If lier ladyship supposes slio is going to iave all her own a way she is mistlaken," d ccicd the young soldier, and a certain resolute hard ness crept over the expression bf his face as lihe made this decision. Then, when he returned to the drawing-room, hlie found that Helen still was absent, though Miss Sinclair and Julia Bingham were there. Lady Ennismore ]lad also disappeared, and so loclle went up to Miss Sinclair to enquire after Helen. "How is Miss Drummoind ?" he said. "Is she not well enough to come downstairs ?" "Miss Drumnmond," answered Miss Sinclair, in her usual unruffled way, "has one of thlose convenient illnesses-a headache." And Miss Sinclair smiled. " A convenient headache ?" repeated Roche. "Tlihat means, Isuppose, that Lady Ennismore -"and then Rochie suddenly paused and left his sentence uncompleted, for hlie remembered that hlie did not Icuow how much Miss Sinclair kne¢w. Again the goveriess smiled her placid self satisfied smile, while Julia Bingham's delicate slkin flushed, andhersensitive lips quivered. "Where is your fair friendI" said Walter Curzon, at this moment also approaching Hiss Sinclair and Juilia, but addressing his question to Julia. The young girl tunsed her small lovely face round, and loolced at Curzon with a smile as she answered him. Walter Curzon was a more calculating and colder-hearted mlan than Francis Roche. But hie was not so good-looking. His extreme pale ness, and his almost colourless hlair, were scarcely redeemed by his regular features and a certain grace of manner hic he sndoubtedly possessed. But he had a dissatislied spirit lurk ing in his breast, and was vecry much inclined to be at war with fortune, which had placed him in the somewhat tryingposition of thie youngcr son of spoor peer. 0 Since he had been at Brackenford, and had seen oi all sides the evidence of the great wealth whichl Lady Ennismore had so unexpectedly inherited from the rich Maldens, hlie had thought several times very seriously of Julia Bingbham. True, there was the boy, the heir, but with all this money in the faniily, the girls, no doubt, would hlave large fortunes asweli. Curzon had listened with a suppressed sigh whllile the frank, genial Lord Emsismore lihad told them oni the moors of the vast revenue which the coal mines, the iron works, and the land, that had once been the Malden's, now yearly brought in. The' once poorIrishman was apparently astonished still at his own good fortune, and never wearied of tralking about hiiswife's wealth. And whenever hlie had the opportunity Walter Curzon had in consequence of this wealth done his best to charm fair Julia Binghnam. Miss Sinelair's vanity lhad given hini mcre chance of doing this thani anyone in the house supposed. The good-looking governess lhad meant on Curzon's first arrival at Bracken ford quietly to ignore certain love passages whichl had talcen place between herself aid Walter Curzon at Otterly-hall two years ago, for the very sufficient reason that she nowr intended to marry the Rev. Peter Prescott. But when the Rev. Peter drew back, and was no longer to be mlet in the walks round Morton bury and Bracklenford, the governess fluding it very dull, once more began to smile on Curzon. Curzon immediately took advantage of these smiles., The attractive woman, so well satisfned witlh her own attractions, never dreamt that a more child, a chit as she mentally called Julin, could have any' chliarm for a young man of Curzon's age, and she thereforetookl Julia with her when she walked withl and talked to Curzon. In a few words, with a' laugh and a shrug, Walter Curzon soon let Julia know- who was his oeal attraction. Miss Sinclair was called oneday suddenly away, and for five minutes or so the two young people were alone. These five minutes were Curzon's opportunity. "For once," he said, "I have a chance of spealking to you without your duenna to listen." ' I thought," answered Julia, iu her halt proud, timid way, "that you admired Miss Sinclairi" Then Curzon shrugged his shoulders. "How could I admire her," hlie said, " by youlr side? Miss Sinclair has been a good-lookingi woman, but hier day is past, though, of course, she cannot sc it. Thebud is fairer in my eyes than the fadilt'gllower." The foolish girl cherished those words and believed in them, and withl a lookl, a smile, Curzoi easily carried on the uiderstanding between themi. 1le talked, laughed, and jested withl Miss Sinclair, and though lie scarcely spokle to Julia, she felt a strange deliglht ill his society. She was not jealous of Miss Sinclair, and Miss Siuclair was certainly not jealous of her. When therefore hlie asked Julia where her "fair friend" was (meanindg Helen) Julia looked at himn with a lhalf-shy, hlalf- conscious smile. "She is not very well," she auswvered, " she is lying down." Curzon did ilot ask any more questions. He begau talklling in a very lively fashlion to Mliss Sinclair, pressing hlier to sing a certaiu song that lie pretended particularly to admire, and as tile two were bendiig over somie music in search of it, Rtochle lhad the opportunity of spealcingh privately to Julia Binghamis. "What is tlie natter really with Miss" Druns mend ?" hlie said, in a low tone. "Will you tell mel" Julia's young svympathlies were at the present time naturally enlisted in the cause of all lovers, and she therefore immnnediately answered- "Something has grieved HIelei very much. Miss Sinclair--I am sure it was liss Sinclair- told my mother that Helen walked very often with you, and my niother is angry writh Helen, and Ielen his been crying, oh, so bitterly. Mr. Roche-and she is going away ' Goiig srawra?" interrupted nocel, greatly esdncerned. "Do you mean froui Brackenford f Wrhlen is she goinsg" "To-morrow, I believec," said Julia, "and, and, It will be so dreary withlout her." Roche knit his black brows and bit his lip in anger when he heard this inews. He could indeed scarcely suppress his indignation, and it was well that Miss Sinclair was so interested in her conversation with Curzon or she would at once have noticed the young man's expression. Roche considered a moment, and then made up his mind. "You are Helen's friend, I am sure," he said, again addressing Julia; "and I can trust you, and I am going to ilsk you to do me a favour. I mustsee Helen before she goes-I am determined to see her. Will you give llher a little note if I en trustone to you ?" "Yes," said the young girl, rather nervously; but Roche was Curzon's friend, and therefore Julia wished to oblige Roche, and she was also really fond of Helen. "I will write it and give it to you in five minutes," said Roche, andhe left the room almost immediately, while Julia moved shyly to the piano, by slvichl Miss Sinclair and Curzon were still standiiig. Curzon loolred round and smiled as Julia approached them, but so strong wriis Miss Sin. clair's faith in her attractions that she scarcely glanced at the lovely young lirl whom it was so natural t hat Curzon should admire. "?Miss Sinclair," said Curzon, looling at Julia, "has been coquetting so long with this song, first saying she wouldl sing it, andl then that she wouldu't, that I am weary with waiting, Miss Bingham." " VWhat a word to use to me " said Miss Sinclair, with a soft look of appeal in her eyes. "I scarcely know whlatcoquetting means, Mr. Curzoni. What will the child think to hear you use such a wordf" "The child, I hope, is too good a clhild to understand it, or at least to practice it," laughed Curzon. SJullablaushed cri?son ?alnlsldothhie g. "fieae, run and brine me that mnsielbook tlat isln the table there," said M1iss Sinclair, speak ing to Julia, and as Julia turned to obey her MIiss Sinclair shook her head with a snile asl Curzon. u oe llouldi not talk in thalt way before Julia." she said. "'lue, she is only a child, but chit. dren pick up str,?uge ideas." Again Curzon luohidl. "She is too yonug, 'lee said," to known auytising about coquetry' or loue, isn't she, MIiss Sinclairi She isn't con:e to the age to make a fool of a soan, ch'i' mliss s::-l ir t.hought Cerzon meant fto pay hier a comtlii:ei:,nt. Suh cast down her eyes, she sighed, while Curzon stood looking at her, try ilg to hide tihe sneer upon his lips. Yet Miss Sinclair wsas quirk enogh when vanitLy dlid not blindlhcr. It seas her lilliug, and, like all great faul s, cnstanully eaxposeld her to ridieule. "We dost, ail iiske oaosh of safe," she said, sofitly. "Somctimses it is our duty to appear cold--to those we like best." And again Mliss Sinclair sighed. Curzon fellt a little alarmed. lHad hlie gone too far he thought, but hlie was ai young mnla who had seen sonmething of life, and he, therefore, miade the lest of tile situation. " Yes, indeed," he said, "likes and diSlikes in this world miust all be controlled by reason. Unless a fellow is rich, Miiss Sinclair, he is never his o~n master." While Carzons iras thus gently thsrowinsg cold wvater oa Miss Sinclair's incipient advances, Julia had met loche returning to the drawing rooan, and had silently taken the little note which Roche had silently placed in hler hand. It was addressed ito IHeleln Drummnond, and without r-etuasin to t,.e piasno withi tihe siusic book that she, bad liesn desired by Miss Sinclais' to bring, Julia west upstairs at once to Helen's bedr-oisi. As se approached tile door of the room slte overhearsd ler mother's voice and Helen's fromn within. "You must not doubt my love, Helen," Lady Hsnnisinore was saying. Hele's voice as she auswered was broken by a 80sl. L No," lshe said, "yet it seems hard-l-hard--" And then caone asob. - 'Nollsensse, inonsense, darling," said Ladyi Ennismore soothsingly ; "tih is only a clild's grief, a girl's first foolish faancy--" Julia felt that it was dislhonourablo to hear more, and therefore she rapped at the door for admittance. Lady Ennismore herself answered Julia's summons. She opened the door, and when she saw Julia she hesitated a .moment and then asked her to come in. . "Conse in aund eatniwhihHelen,Judy," sli esaid, "I must go downstairs now, but by-and-bye I will come hack. Don't fret, ielei dear, you shall return to Brackenford very soons-Judy here I am sure will see to that," and Lady Ennismoird stroked her young daughlter's smooth fair eheekas she spoke. "Yes, indeedr Isaid Julia mnore impulsively than usual, and sle went up to Belen and put her arms round her neck and kissed her. This caress almost overcame =Helen, and she could not restrain her tears. Then Lady Enis more bent down anid tenderly kissed hlier. "Hush, darling." she said, "you shall soon come back," and oafter kissing her again sheb left thle room, and the two younig girls were thus alonie. "I have somethin? fosyou, Helen," said Juian, and she drew Roche s letter out of .tlh pocleet of her dress. Heless snatched it hastily, but her handn trembled so she could scarcely open the enve lope. When she had succeeded, shie found only a few lines inside. '"I have just heard that you are going away" (Roche had written). "Please do not do so with out seeing me. If you will name any. tino or place most convenient to you I shall be there, for I wish to sec you, I must see you, before you leave. "Yours faithfully, F o E." Helen read these words, and then placed the note in Julia's hand. ':.I cannsot meet him," she said wistfully. "I have proised ynou otler soriot to see Ilin or speak to Ilim before I go, and Icannothbreak isy word to her. If I hlad promised thiss Sinclair I shouldniot have minded though r" added Helen with more spirit. " But had usy sisothes- assy right to ask you to make such a promisel" said Julia, inherhalf shy, half-prouc, isiquiring wny. "h Yes' arnesweed Helen, With onergy, "for sh?oe is my best and dearest friend, aundf I won't deceive her or lie to her for all the world. She ios been though about this--hard, ahost cruel, and I cannot understand her motive--for \--for Judy, I told her I liked Francis olochel Why should Inot? He likes me he says--and I shall never like anyone else-never, never, I am sure l" And Helen suddenly hid her now blushing face on Julia's nece. "Dear, if you are true to him it will all come right,' wispered Julia, and she also blushed as she made this assertion in all her new young faith in love. "I will be true," said Helen, in a fervent undertone. "Then my mother cannot part you-nothing can part you," answered Julia. "fut I do no understand imy nsotler--I cannot understand whyis she is sending you awayl" "She says I anmo ta young, tiatie in too young, but that if lie were old it would be the sasse thing I Whllat can she mean What can she know abnoutFrancisT" asked Helen, now lifting her head and looking earnestly and inquiringly in Julia's face. " I know nothing," said Julia, " but my mother seems distressed-there must be some reason Helen." "Yes-can it be-about met" lHelen made this inquiry with sudden anxiety aFor the first time in her life it hlad flashed upon her imagination that there might be something something that had been hlidden fronm hler-and as ese ixed lier eyes eagerly on Julia's face, Julia's soft eyes lickaered and fell beneasthl leer gaze. "' Do you know anything, Judy I" she crled the next moment. "If you do, tell me the sworstt" (To he conalinued.) 