LITERARY NOTES. Mr. J. W. MILLS has issued a collection of his verses, under the title Lays of Lalx Wendouree and Other Poems (Ballarat: Berry, Anderson, and Co., printers). The objection brought against so many Australian writers of verse, that they are not suffi ciently interested in their own country, cannot be said to apply to Mr. Mills. His muse is eminently local, as the titles of his poems show. Among the subjects with which- lie deals are " fhe Anglo-Australian Telegraph," " Floating the Victorian Loan," "Lay of the Larrikins," "Compulsory, Secular, Free." By way of giving some idea of the writer's style we cannot, perhaps, do better than quote a verse from this last mentioned " poem " ." Victoria, blessed with her free eduoation, The handmaid of science and progress will be ; Her mottoes will echo from nation to nation, To the ends of the earth, to the bounds of the sea; These are the words that new life will awaken ' Compulsory, secular, gloriously free!'" C. H. Spitryeon: His Life and Ministry, by Jesse Page (London: S. W. Par tridge and Co.; Melbourne agent, John J. Lothian), is a popular account of the famous preacher written from a sym pathetic and not a critical standpoint. It is too soon yet to attempt to estimate the value of the work done by Mr. Spurgeon. His death is too recent and severely felt for criticism to busy itself with him. Hy-and-by no doubt an authoritative biography will be published, which will furnish ample material for the future historian of our age. In the meantime, and for most readers, this little volume contains full enough details of the character and career of a man whom every one should know something about. It is illustrated by portraits and views of the chief places and buildings associated with Mr. ISpurgeon's life and ministry. Beaver Cove and Elsewhere, by Matt Crim, is one of the pocket volumes of the works of American authors published by Mr. David Douglas, of Edinburgh. It is a colkction of short stories, which we have seen in the Century Magazine, descriptive of varioflg phases of life in the Southern States of America. The short story is a form of fiction in which American writers excel, and those in the present volume rank with the best of the kind. The characters are well drawn and true to life, and the incidents are told with a good deal of humour and pathos. Mr. Matt Crim (if that is his real name) can be both pathetic and humorous, and he makes his characters talk in a vernacular which does not tire the reader by being kept up too long. Sadness necessarily creeps into tales which deal with humble phases of life, and which try to show that persons with a little colour in their blood are capable of making as great sacrifices for love as their pure white brothers and sisters. The writer is at his best in dealing with the small farmers or " crackers," who form an im- portant element in Georgian society. A FATHER of the Society of Jesus has com-1 piled a Guide to Latin Conversation, which i has been translated from the French and published by Messrs. John Murphy and Co., of Baltimore. Itcontainsa vocabulary of common Latin words, a list of oft-quoted expressions, a number of familiar forms of conversation, a series of dialogues in Latin, choice thoughts in Latin and English, and various informa tion likely to be useful. Some knowledge of Latin-if only slight-is almost a necessity to a person of any education, and it is espe cially serviceable to those who may have to travel in foreign countries, and such know ledge will be more easily picked up from a work like this than from the ordinary school books. The Guide is, it seems, largely used in the Catholic colleges in France, and is being introduced into several in America. It docs not supersede grammars and exercises that are essential in strict and methodical teaching, but comes after them ; while for people who haye grown up without having learned Latin methodically/it should prove far mort . serviceable: than any grammar can bt>.. Lord l>ufferHvis;ftn authority for learn-, ing all languages without a gr&mmar; by trans lating literally with the help of a dictionary, and a pencil to underlinethe words which we meet with, for tlie first time. The Guide to Latin Conversation lias passed through seven editions, _ * . Mr. JoHN j. lioraiAX, the Melbourne repre sentative of Walter Scott Limited, London, sends'the two latest addition^ which have been made to' the Scott .Library, a series of re prints of well-known-:.: .English works and translations, namely, ^tfae: Athenian Oracle, and Euswya by SmiUeBenve. The,Athenian Oracle was & selfcctioft from the 'Athenian Mercury, one.pf.'^ji^e^ English periodi cals, which was projected by John Dunton, an ingenious and enterprising bookseller, and issued during the last decade of the seventeenth century.'. :.The contents of the Mercury are of the kind now well known as "Answers ; to Correspondents," and are chiefly interesting for the light they throw Vipon the belief8,nmnners,anci customs of the time. The present selection has been made by Mr. JohiirUnderhilLwhoiias aimed at pre serving " ell interesting and ituable iii tkfcfbtiri#uraps of the Athenian ggpMwmt, the popular .rylettier to the. editor, halwoHc'' is a treasury, wlth^precioua Chings; a wishis to^tt|(^ b of the (tsiaglisli tells usthat-theori] a stor^-lioVise, filietj libok invaluable^ to;,, the minuets j&h;&w; ildrStit f ahdJleluriOas Problems." Under questions . . . . ^vfshiiU Vtnan.lciiow when a lad*' loves Jiltu! ' *' Whether if females went a-oourtiiig there would not b* more marriages than now thece are?" "How long after the death of a husband may women modestly marry?" &c.;, while under the third head the questions relate to strange dreams, warnings, ghosts, dead man's candles, the death watch, such fabulous creatures as the phoenix, the salamander, and 1 the basilisk, and other superstitions, many of which have survived to our own day. The" answers to these ques tions, whifch were contributed by Dunton himself and two or three assistants, one ot them beinff Samuel Wesley, the father of John Wesley; show a good deal of common 'sense, as well as miscellaneous knowledge. They are by tnen who are not quite as .super stitious as their . correspondents, but yet not too far in advance of their age, and they are frequently flavoured with a quaint humour. The Athenian Oracle has no pretensions to high literary quality, but it is a very readable and amusing book. The ScUide Beit,ve is, of course, only a small selection from the writings of onie of the most voluminous of authors, but it includes several of his best and most characteristic essays, as, for instance, those on Chesterfield and Gowpfer. The selection may be regarded as an introduction to the works of the most famous of modern literary critics. 